Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the General Division of the high court of the republic of singaporE

[2021] SGHC 37

Suit No 751 of 2017

Between

| Tonny Permana  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| One Tree Capital Management Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Gerald Yeo  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Agency] — [Construction of agent’s authority] — [Written authority]

[Agency] — [Duties of agent] — [Care, skill and diligence]

[Agency] — [Duties of agent] — [Breach]

[Companies] — [Fraudulently inducing investment]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and deceit]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation Act]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [When arising]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [Duties]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Express terms] — [Entire agreement]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of care]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

[Equity] — [Dishonest assistance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tonny Permana

  
v

  

One Tree Capital Management Pte Ltd and another

[2021] SGHC 37

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 751 of 2017  
Chan Seng Onn J  
14–16, 21 July, 16 October 2020

16 February 2021 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This case involves an investor making multiple allegations – fraud,
negligence and breaches of various contractual and fiduciary duties – against
his agents who rendered advice on his investment. The investment failed under
questionable circumstances that, on their face, did not directly involve the
agents. Both sides, unfortunately, suffered losses as a result of the failed
investment, and the investor now seeks redress against his agents. The dispute
presents interesting questions on the law of agency, specifically the duties
owed by agents. As such, I have provided in the course of this Judgment a
proposed framework for dealing with these issues.

2 The plaintiff, Tonny Permana, is an Indonesian businessman and investor. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 1; Defendants’ Closing
Submissions (“DCS”) at para 1.

The first defendant, One Tree Capital Management Pte Ltd, is a Singapore
incorporated company, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1DBAEIC at p 4, para 5.

and is in the business of investment fund management. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1DBAEIC at p 4, para 6.

Part of its business involves facilitating deals between investors and
prospective investees in need of funding, ie, acting as a middleman. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DCS at para 3; Gerald Yeo’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief at para 6.

The second defendant, Gerald Yeo, is the director and sole shareholder of the
first defendant. It is undisputed that the first defendant acted, at all
material times, through the second defendant. I will hence refer to them
collectively at the relevant portions of this Judgment as “the defendants”.

3 The dispute between the parties has its genesis in a project undertaken by
Midas Landmark Sdn Bhd (which was later renamed CHN Commodity Trade Centre Sdn
Bhd – for ease of reference, I refer to the company simply as “Midas”). Midas
sought to purchase and renovate an existing shopping mall in Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia (“the Mall”) – I refer to this endeavour as the “Chinamall Project”.
Midas required funding for this project, and the defendants were aware of
this. Thus, the defendants raised to the plaintiff the prospect of investing
in the Chinamall Project. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1PBAEIC at p 32, para 9; PCS at para 5.

The plaintiff agreed to make, and did make, an investment of about US$1.6m in
the Chinamall Project. In the months that followed, the defendants continued
to liaise with the plaintiff over the status of his investment, and several
changes were made to the structure of the plaintiff’s investment.

4 However, the investment did not bear fruit. The management of the Mall
obtained a winding up order against Midas in the Malaysian courts on 4
December 2015. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PCS at para 31.

Despite the efforts of the defendants to appeal against the order, the winding
up and liquidation of Midas proceeded. No dividends were paid out to the
plaintiff, and he was not repaid the US$1.6m he invested in the Chinamall
Project. The plaintiff also failed to recover the sum of US$1.6m from Midas’
insolvency, because the defendants were unsuccessful in their attempts to
recover the sum qua creditor in the insolvency proceedings. The plaintiff now
claims from the defendants, inter alia, the value of his investment. The
specific terms of the plaintiff’s investment, the circumstances leading to his
making of the investment and the defendants’ involvement in the same form the
heart of the present dispute.

5 The thrust of the plaintiff’s claim is that the defendants “unilaterally
engineered a drastic change in the nature/structure of his investment during
the course of the investment”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PCS at para 4.

The plaintiff alleges that such conduct by the defendants, along with the
correspondence and dealings between them in the course of the investment,
constituted (a) fraudulent misrepresentation; (b) misrepresentation under the
Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“Misrepresentation Act”); (c) a
breach of fiduciary duties; (d) a breach of “duties as agent”; (e) negligence;
and/or (f) dishonest assistance. The first five allegations pertain to both
defendants, while the allegation of dishonest assistance pertains solely to
the second defendant. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PCS at para 33; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) (“SoC”) at para 51.

Importantly, amidst the various allegations levelled against the defendants,
the plaintiff has repeatedly emphasised that the defendants were his “agents”
in the course of his investment. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See PCS at paras 8, 33(a)(iii), 33(b)(iii), 35, 36.

This undergirds the plaintiff’s case. From this, questions arise on the law of
agency and the duties owed by middlemen “agents” to their principals, which I
address in the course of my Judgment.

6 I add that while the defendants initially filed a counterclaim against the
plaintiff, they informed the court during the Judge pre-trial conference on 8
June 2020 that they will not be pursuing this counterclaim. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Minute Sheet (Pre-Trial Conference) dated 8 June 2020 at p 11.

I accordingly do not consider it in my Judgment.

7 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I dismiss all
of the plaintiff’s claims with costs to the defendants. In this Judgment, I
provide the reasons for my decision.

The facts

Background and preliminary negotiations between the parties

8 On or around 11 October 2013, the defendants were approached by one Mr Tan
Chong Whatt and his son, one Mr Tan Chor Keng (collectively, “the Tans”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1DBAEIC at p 7, para 21.

The Tans informed the defendants of their desire to procure investors to
provide funding for the proposed acquisition and renovation of the Mall, ie,
the Chinamall Project.

9 According to the defendants, Mr Tan Chong Whatt informed them that he and
one Mr Wang Jianguo were the two promoters of the Chinamall Project. Their
plan was to use Midas as a joint venture vehicle to facilitate the acquisition
of the Mall and the execution of the project. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1DBAEIC at p 8, para 22.

Mr Tan Chong Whatt informed the defendants that Midas had already entered into
a Sale and Purchase Agreement on 8 August 2012 to acquire the Mall for RM200m,
of which a deposit of RM20m had already been paid. However, Mr Tan Chong Whatt
claimed that Midas would be able to renegotiate and revise the consideration
to RM100m. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1DBAEIC at p 8, para 23.

The China Project would therefore, according to Mr Tan Chong Whatt, cost
RM120m in its entirety, comprising RM100m as the purchase price of the Mall,
and RM20m in renovation costs. As noted, RM20m had already been paid up front.
Of the remaining, the Tans envisaged RM50m to be raised “from a consortium of
investors procured by [the first defendant]”, and RM50m to be obtained by way
of a bank loan. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1DBAEIC at p 8, para 24.

With this information, the defendants began searching for prospective
investors in the Chinamall Project. This was how the plaintiff came into the
picture.

10 The plaintiff and the defendants had prior dealings in the form of the
former’s investment in a project known as the “Yang Kee Deal”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1DBAEIC at pp 3 to 5.

The Yang Kee Deal involved the plaintiff investing about S$1.5m in a Singapore
logistics company. This involved the plaintiff subscribing for convertible
loans in the said company. In the course of the deal, the defendants acted as
middlemen, and facilitated the plaintiff’s investment in the Yang Kee Deal. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1DBAEIC at p 6, para 15.

The plaintiff made a tidy profit. The defendants were paid for their
assistance in the plaintiff’s investment in the Yang Kee Deal in or around
April 2012. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1DBAEIC at p 7, para 20.

According to the defendants, following the success of the plaintiff’s
investment in the Yang Kee Deal, the plaintiff sought further investments, and
contacted the defendants to this effect. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1DBAEIC at p 9, para 25.

11 Consequently, on or around 19 November 2013, the plaintiff and the second
defendant discussed the idea of the former making an investment in the
Chinamall Project. It is unclear whether this occurred over a phone call or
via a meeting in person in Singapore. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1PBAEIC at p 32, para 9; 1DBAEIC at p 9, paras 25 to 29.

What is material and undisputed is that during this discussion, the second
defendant shared with the plaintiff the details of the Chinamall Project. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1PBAEIC at p 32, paras 9 to 10; 1DBAEIC at p 9, paras 28 to 29.

Notes of the discussion, specifically on the nature of the Chinamall Project,
were summarised in an email dated 19 November 2013 (“the 19 November 2013
email”) from the second defendant to the plaintiff’s assistant, Ms Denie
Tiolani (“Ms Tiolani”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1DBAEIC at pp 108 to 109; 1AB at pp 111 to 112.

12 The 19 November 2013 email states, in material part, the following. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1PBAEIC at pp 36 and 37, para 16; 1DBAEIC at pp 108 to 109.

(a) The Chinamall Project was a “fast turnaround” project. This was material
to the plaintiff as it suggested a quick return on his investment.

(b) The project had a “comfortable collateral buffer position”, given that
project sponsors had already invested RM20m, and another RM30m to RM50m in
investments was expected.

(c) More than half of the units in the Mall (63%) were taken up by prospective
tenants. The proposed rental rate of RM10 per square foot would result in a
rental income “of RM45 million which makes debt servicing very comfortable”.

(d) The project sponsors were prepared to provide personal guarantees, pledge
all their shares in the project, and provide a conversion option into shares.

The plaintiff accepts that after the aforementioned discussion and his perusal
of the 19 November 2013 email, he was “interested in investing in the
Chinamall Project as it appeared to be a good investment deal”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1PBAEIC at p 36, para 16.

13 On or around 21 November 2013, the plaintiff and the second defendant met
in Jakarta. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1DBAEIC at p 9, para 30.

The plaintiff was provided with a draft document entitled the “China Mall (KL)
Project Term Sheet” (“the Term Sheet”), which set out the terms of the
potential investment in the Chinamall Project. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

8AB at p 344; 1DBAEIC at pp 9 to 10; 1PBAEIC at p 38, para 17.

The material parts of the Term Sheet are as follows: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

8AB at pp 344 to 346.

China Mall (KL) Project Term Sheet

Convertible Loan Stock (“CLS”)

…

Project Owner: [Midas].

Project Sponsors: Mr [Wang Jianguo] and Mr [Tan Chong Whatt].

Potential Investors: [the first defendant] and co-investors.

Form of Investment/ Amount: Convertible Loan Stock of USD equivalent of RM 50
Million.

…

Bridging Bank Loan: RM 50 million to bridge finance part of acquisition cost
of the [Mall].

…

Form of Documentation: a) Investment Agreement

b) CLS certificates

c) Personal Guarantees of the Project Sponsors

d) Security Agent/ Trustee Agreement

e) Charge over shares of Project Owner

…

The parties proceeded to discuss the details of the Chinamall Project with
reference to the Term Sheet. At the conclusion of this meeting, the plaintiff
expressed to the second defendant his interest in investing the sum of US$1.6m
in the Chinamall Project. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1PBAEIC at p 42, paras 20 to 21; 1DBAEIC at pp 9 to 10, paras 30 to 33.

14 As a peripheral point relating to the Term Sheet, there was a separate
undisclosed term sheet (“the Undisclosed Term Sheet”) that had been entered
into by Mr Tan Chong Whatt, Mr Wang Jianguo and the second defendant on behalf
of the first defendant. The material parts of the Undisclosed Term Sheet are
identical to the Term Sheet, save that it included a “Service Fee” clause. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at para 7.

This clause provided that the defendants stood to earn an “[a]rranger fee” of
3.5% of the total amount of funding raised for the Chinamall Project, payable
upon successful completion of the project. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

8AB at p 348.

15 On 25 November 2013, the second defendant sent the plaintiff and Ms Tiolani
an email enclosing, inter alia, the following unsigned draft documents that he
described as “legal documentation” (which I refer to collectively as the
“Chinamall Project Draft Documentation”): 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1AB at pp 118 to 198; 1PBAEIC at p 43, para 23; 1DBAEIC at pp 10 to 14, paras
34 to 40; PCS at para 9.

(a) an unexecuted copy of the investment agreement between the first
defendant, Midas, Mr Tan Chong Whatt and Mr Wang Jianguo, pertaining to the
Chinamall Project (“the Investment Agreement”);

(b) Schedule 1 of the Investment Agreement, which comprised:

(i) the form of the Note Certificate to be issued to noteholders of
convertible loan notes pursuant to the Investment Agreement; and

(ii) the accompanying terms and conditions to these convertible loan notes;

(c) Schedule 2 of the Investment Agreement, which comprised the form of the
Request for Issue;

(d) Schedule 3 of the Investment Agreement, which comprised the form of the
guarantee accompanying the agreement;

(e) Schedule 4 of the Investment Agreement, which comprised the form of the
share charge; and

(f) Schedule 5 of the Investment Agreement, which comprised the management
accounts pertaining to the Investment Agreement.

I will elaborate shortly on the specifics of the Chinamall Project Draft
Documentation (see [20] below).

16 The plaintiff accepts that he was provided with these documents via the
said email. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 45, lines 8 to 11.

He however claims that he did not understand the email and its contents until
much later, when he instructed his current lawyers from Bih Li & Lee LLP. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 45, lines 12 to 16.

He claimed that at that point in time, he simply “follow[ed] [the second
defendant’s] guidance… [b]ecause [the second defendant was] [his] agent”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 45, lines 19 to 22.

Nevertheless, and despite this purported lack of understanding on the
plaintiff’s part, the parties proceeded to take further steps towards
effecting the plaintiff’s investment in the Chinamall Project.

17 On 27 November 2013, the second defendant emailed Ms Tiolani clarifying the
currency that the plaintiff would be using for his investment (US dollars, and
not Singapore dollars). In this email, the second defendant also requested for
remittance of the investment sum from the plaintiff amounting to US$1.6m, and
provided the details of the designated bank account to which the sum ought to
be transferred. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1PBAEIC at p 60, para 39.

This email appears to have been sent pursuant to a telephone conversation
between the plaintiff and the second defendant that took place earlier the
same day. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1DBAEIC at p 14, para 42.

According to the defendants, in this phone call, the plaintiff informed that
“he had reviewed the Chinamall Project Documentation and had no comments or
issues on the same”, and confirmed that “he was agreeable to subscribe for a
Convertible Loan Note in the amount of US$1.6million”.

The plaintiff’s investment in the Chinamall Project

18 The next day, 28 November 2013, the plaintiff made his investment in the
Chinamall Project. That day, the plaintiff arranged for the sum of US$1.6m
(henceforth, “the Investment Sum”) to be transferred to the designated bank
account (as per the second defendant’s email dated 27 November 2013). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1PBAEIC at pp 60 to 61.

The Investment Agreement, the accompanying guarantee and the share charge were
also executed on the same day. The Investment Sum was successfully remitted
the next day, 29 November 2013. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1PBAEIC at p 61, para 42; 1DBAEIC at p 15, para 44(a).

. Soft copies of the executed documentation were also emailed by the second
defendant to Ms Tiolani on 29 November 2013. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1DBAEIC at p 15, para 44(c).

Midas accordingly issued the plaintiff’s convertible loan note for the sum of
US$1.6m (“the Convertible Loan Note”). The Note Certificate issued to this
effect was as per the form in Schedule 1 of the Investment Agreement, and
subject to the same terms and conditions (“the CLN T&Cs”; see [15(b)] above).
The second defendant emailed a soft copy of the Convertible Loan Note to Ms
Tiolani on 28 November 2013. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1DBAEIC at p 15, para 44(b); 1PBAEIC at p 60, para 40.

The hard copy original of the Convertible Loan Note was delivered to the
plaintiff in or around early December 2013.

19 In addition to the plaintiff, there were 12 other investors who made
similar investments (of various amounts) in the Chinamall Project. The total
value of all the investments was S$9.5m and US$4.94m. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1PBAEIC at p 61, para 44.

The plaintiff claims he was not aware, at the time of the making of his
investment, that there were other investors of this nature. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1PBAEIC at p 62, para 44.

20 The material parts of the executed documents mentioned at [18] above are
identical to the Chinamall Project Draft Documentation that was sent to the
plaintiff on 25 November 2013. I reiterate below the salient portions of the
relevant documents, which I refer to collectively as the “Investment
Documents”:

(a) The Investment Agreement was dated 28 November 2013 and was between the
first defendant as “Agent”, Midas as “Borrower”, and Mr Tan Chong Whatt and Mr
Wang Jianguo as “Guarantors”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1AB at pp 241 to 259.

The Investment Agreement was subject to the terms and conditions of the
Convertible Loan Note. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PCS at para 12; 1AB at pp 206 to 240.

(b) The Form of Guarantee was dated 28 November 2013 and was executed by Mr
Tan Chong Whatt and Mr Wang Jianguo (“the Guarantee”). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1AB at pp 273 to 277.

Therein, they jointly and severally guaranteed to the first defendant and the
noteholders under the Investment Agreement “prompt payment when due, of all
present and future obligations and liabilities of all kinds of the Borrower to
the Agent and the Noteholders arising out of the Agreement and under the terms
and conditions of the Notes”.

(c) The Form of Share Charge was dated 28 November 2013 and was executed by Mr
Tan Chong Whatt and Mr Wang Jianguo (“the Share Charge”). It charged in favour
of the first defendant: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at para 13.

(i) all Mr Tan Chong Whatt’s and Mr Wang Jianguo’s ordinary shares in the
capital of Midas held by each of them (including all such other shares in
Midas as may be acquired by each of them from time to time) (the “charged
securities”); and

(ii) all rights, title and interest attaching to or benefits and proceeds
arising from or in respect of any of the charged securities.

These were charged as a continuing security for the payment and discharge of
any and all sums which were or at any time would become due from them or from
Midas to the first defendant and the investors, and for the observance and
performance by Mr Tan Chong Whatt and Mr Wang Jianguo of their obligations
under the Investment Agreement. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1AB at pp 260 to 272.

I refer to the Share Charge and the Guarantee collectively as “the Security
Documents”.

(d) The Convertible Loan Note was dated 28 November 2013. It was issued by
Midas as “Borrower” and certified the plaintiff as the registered holder of
the Convertible Loan Note in the principal value of US$1.6m. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at para 12.

(e) The CLN T&Cs applied to the Convertible Loan Note. These stipulated that
the Convertible Loan Note would mature and had to be redeemed by Midas no
later than 12 calendar months from the date of the Investment Agreement, ie,
by 28 November 2014. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

1AB at p 208, cl 6.

Upon redemption, the plaintiff would be paid the Investment Sum and
interest/returns of 20% on the same. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at para 14(b).

The CLN T&Cs also referenced the Security Documents at cl 5. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1AB at p 208.

(f) Relevant also is the Form of Agency and Security Trust Deed as set out at
Appendix D of the CLN T&Cs (“ASTD”). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at para 34(a); 1AB at p 162.

This document set out the terms of the agency relationship between the
plaintiff and the defendants; I will set out its terms in a later part of this
Judgment (see [120] below).

The changes to the terms of the plaintiff’s investment

21 In the months that followed, the defendants made several proposed changes
to the plaintiff’s investment.

The Proposed Conversion

22 On 11 February 2014, the second defendant sent an email to Ms Tiolani,
informing that the structure of the plaintiff’s investment had to be changed
and converted to a shareholder’s loan (the “Proposed Conversion”), wherein the
plaintiff would become a shareholder of Midas and proceed to extend a
shareholder loan to Midas. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1AB at p 281.

This shareholder loan would be in place of the convertible loan note
arrangement that had been agreed prior. The arrangement was proposed “in order
to comply with [Malaysia’s rules on] non-solicitation of investment”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1PBAEIC at p 71, para 47; PCS at para 18.

23 The Proposed Conversion, however, was never implemented, and the parties
recognise this. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PCS at para 18.

In other words, the plaintiff’s investment was never altered along the lines
of the Proposed Conversion. It is hence immaterial, and I will not canvass
further details relating to the same. It suffices to note that there was
constant correspondence between Ms Tiolani and the second defendant relating
to the details of the Proposed Conversion between 3 March 2014 and 14 May
2014. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1PBAEIC at pp 74 to 85, paras 51 to 71.

The 26 July 2014 MOA and the 18 August 2014 Letter

24 On 26 July 2014, unbeknownst to the plaintiff, the first defendant (acting
through the second defendant) entered into a Memorandum of Agreement with Mr
Tan Chong Whatt and one Mr Wang Yingde for the purchase of shares in Midas
(“the 26 July 2014 MOA”). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

4AB at pp 275 to 279.

Following this, the first defendant issued a letter dated 18 August 2014 (“the
18 August 2014 Letter”) to Midas, Mr Tang Chong Whatt and Mr Wang Jianguo
stating, inter alia, that the defendants have terminated the Investment
Agreement, and have fully discharged the Security Documents. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

4AB at p 348.

25 These two documents were only made known to the plaintiff upon commencement
of the present suit. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS at paras 20 and 21.

As will be made clear, these documents were integral parts of the eventual
change to the structure of the plaintiff’s investment in the Chinamall
Project.

The Conversion

26 On 3 August 2014, the second defendant sent an email to Ms Tiolani,
informing her that the structure of the plaintiff’s investment would be
altered. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

4AB at p 280.

The Investment Sum would be converted into a shareholder’s loan provided by
the first defendant to Midas (the “Conversion”). The plaintiff would then be
investing in the Chinamall Project through the first defendant by way of a
trust deed (the “Trust Deed”), wherein the first defendant would hold its
shareholder loan amounting to the Investment Sum on trust for the plaintiff.
The Conversion would replace the Convertible Loan Note. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1PBAEIC at p 88, para 79; 4AB at p 280.

This was to be the arrangement with respect to the other 12 investors in the
Chinamall Project as well. The first defendant would then hold 80% of the
shares in Midas, and hold its shareholder loan to Midas on trust for the
respective investors to the extent of their investment sums that were
previously structured as convertible loan notes. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1PBAEIC at p 85, para 76; PCS at para 19.

27 Ms Tiolani sent the second defendant queries relating to the Conversion in
an email dated 4 August 2014. The next day, 5 August 2014, the second
defendant replied and confirmed that the Conversion involved a change in the
structure of the plaintiff’s investment to the effect described in the
previous paragraph. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

4AB at p 333.

28 The plaintiff’s evidence is at this point, “[w]hat [he] could understand
was that the nature of [his] investment in the Chinamall Project had
fundamentally changed”, and that under the Conversion, “[his] investment would
be by way of a trust deed to be entered into between [the first defendant] and
[himself]”. He also gave evidence that “[n]evertheless, [he] was not troubled
by the change in the form / structure of [his] investment”, because he trusted
the second defendant to “act in [his] best interest”. He did not want to
“micro-manage” his investment, “so long as… [he] received [his] Investment Sum
and Return by 28 November 2014”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1PBAEIC at p 91, para 81.

29 The second defendant’s evidence is that the Conversion was partly motivated
by concerns over compliance with Malaysia’s legislative restrictions on
moneylending and/or fundraising transactions; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1DBAEIC at pp 24 and 25, paras 68 to 74.

it is unclear whether this was conveyed to the plaintiff. Further, it is the
second defendant’s evidence that at or around this time, the Chinamall Project
was experiencing delays and Midas was facing financial difficulties – I will
elaborate more on this in the course of this Judgment (see [201] and [202]
below).

30 On or about 3 September 2014, the second defendant sent Ms Tiolani the
Trust Deed, which was dated 31 August 2014. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

5AB at p 43; PCS at para 22.

The parties to the Trust Deed, as indicated on the instrument, were the
plaintiff and the first defendant; the Trust Deed states, inter alia, as
follows: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

5AB at pp 7 and 8.

(a) the first defendant was the legal owner of a US$1.6m shareholder loan to
Midas; and

(b) the first defendant held the said loan and all interest accrued or to
accrue on the same on trust for the plaintiff.

31 Attached to the Trust Deed sent to the plaintiff was a key document – a
letter dated 30 June 2014 from the first defendant to Midas (the “OT Letter”).
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

5AB at pp 15 to 18.

This was the first time the OT Letter was brought to the plaintiff’s attention
(ie, in the second defendant’s email dated 3 September 2014). 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at para 23.

The OT Letter provided that the first defendant would provide shareholder
loans to Midas in the aggregate sums of S$9.5m and US$4.94m on the following
conditions: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

5AB at p 15.

(a) The purpose of the loans was to finance the purchase of “Pandan Perdana
Safari Lagoon Shopping Complex” in Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, ie, the
Mall.

(b) The status of the loans was stated as “[u]nsecured and subordinated”.

(c) The final maturity date of the investment (by way of the loans) was
“[u]ntil further notice from [Midas]”.

(d) Repayment of the loans would be “at any time and in any amount as
permitted by the project financing bank for the acquisition of [the Mall]”.

(e) The applicable interest rate was 20% per annum on an uncompounded basis,
payable after project completion. Revision to the interest rate shall be
subject to agreement between the first defendant and Midas.

(f) The appendix to the OT Letter also stated the breakdown of the various
loans provided by the 13 investors (including the plaintiff). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

5AB at pp 17 to 18.

It also indicated that these “[r]emittances” to Midas were on behalf of the
first defendant (which put the first defendant in the shoes of a loan holder
or creditor).

32 Seen in context of the Trust Deed and the OT Letter, it is clear that the
26 July 2014 MOA and the 18 August 2014 Letter were steps taken by the
defendants to implement the Conversion. The plaintiff was, of course, unaware
as at 3 September 2014 (when he received the Trust Deed and the OT Letter)
that such steps had in fact been taken.

33 Initially, the plaintiff did not sign and return the Trust Deed to the
defendants. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at para 26.

This appeared to be because of his concern over the lack of security over his
investment if the Conversion was to take effect. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

1PBAEIC at p 96, para 90.

This concern had two facets. First, the plaintiff “understood that the terms
of the OT Letter… would seriously prejudice [his] investment”, due to the
“[u]nsecured and subordinated” nature of the loan extended to Midas. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

1BAEIC at p 95, para 89.

He nevertheless, in these proceedings, adopts the position that he is not
bound by the OT Letter, given that he is not a party to the OT Letter, and
because the second defendant had issued it to Midas without his (the
plaintiff’s) consent, knowledge or approval. Second, Ms Tiolani pointed out to
the plaintiff that the Trust Deed made no reference to the Security Documents,
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1PBAEIC at p 96, para 90.

which as mentioned formed the basis of the plaintiff’s security in the
Investment Agreement (see [20(b)] and [20(c)] above). The plaintiff was
concerned as a result, as he understood the significance of the Security
Documents, and stated that these were “important” to him.

34 In this regard, in an email dated 17 November 2014, the second defendant
expressly stated that no collateral would be provided by Midas. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

5AB at pp 173 to 174.

In this email, the second defendant also asserted that all the investors
except the plaintiff had signed the relevant trust deeds. As a result, the
plaintiff instructed Ms Tiolani to seek clarification from the second
defendant regarding the Security Documents. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1PBAEIC at p 96, para 90.

Thus, on 18 November 2014, Ms Tiolani sent the second defendant an email,
wherein she highlighted that the Trust Deed made no mention of the Security
Documents, and sought clarification in this regard. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

5AB at p 173.

35 On 19 November 2014, the second defendant sent Ms Tiolani an email, wherein
he explained, inter alia, that the Security Documents had “been voided, as per
the spirit of our note certificate agreement since the majority investors
(represented by One Tree, Wang Yingde and other investors behind us) have
taken over the 80% shares to speed up our project”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

5AB at p 172.

In other words, the second defendant confirmed that the Security Documents no
longer had effect and that the arrangement pursuant to the Trust Deed did not
involve any security for the plaintiff’s investment.

The execution of the Trust Deed

36 The plaintiff alleges that subsequently, there was a phone call between him
and the second defendant on 20 November 2014. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SoC at para 34.

The defendants do not admit that there was such a phone call. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defence at para 45.

For reasons that will be made clear, I am persuaded that the phone call
occurred. In this phone call, the second defendant allegedly conveyed or
expressed the following: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

1PBAEIC at p 100, para 98.

(a) The second defendant confirmed what he had stated in the email dated 19
November 2014, specifically that the Security Documents were voided when the
Convertible Loan Note was changed to a shareholder’s loan pursuant to the
Conversion.

(b) The second defendant requested the plaintiff to sign the Trust Deed before
the maturity date of the Convertible Loan Note, ie, 28 November 2014.

(c) The plaintiff was assured that the Mall was valuable and that it could be
sold (and the investors paid back) if necessary. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1PBAEIC at p 101, paras 98(c) and 100.

(d) The second defendant requested a three-month extension of time for
repayment of the Investment Sum and the plaintiff’s returns on his investment,
ie, by 28 February 2015. The second defendant represented that the
interest/return on the Investment Sum would continue to accrue at a rate of
20%, as per the CLN T&Cs, until the end of the period of extension.

37 Based on what the second defendant had represented in the alleged phone
call on 20 November 2014, along with the other information on the Chinamall
Project that had been conveyed to the plaintiff via, inter alia, the email
correspondence and the Term Sheet, the plaintiff agreed to sign the Trust
Deed. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1PBAEIC at p 105, paras 103 and 104.

Thus, on the same day, ie, 20 November 2014, Ms Tiolani emailed the second
defendant informing him that the plaintiff had signed the Trust Deed. This
email states, in material part: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

2PBAEIC at p 175.

[The plaintiff] has signed the Trust Deed, I will courier to you today.

As for the extend [sic], [the plaintiff] asked your help to send me letter
with fix extension period (as phone with [the plaintiff], it is 3 months) and
also the return interest will still carried forward as mentioned, until the
loan is repay [sic].

…

38 The plaintiff emphasised in his affidavit evidence that he signed only the
Trust Deed and not the OT Letter, chiefly because he did not consider himself
to be a party to the OT Letter (which had been executed without his
knowledge), and because he was not satisfied with the terms in the OT Letter,
namely the lack of a fixed repayment date for his investment. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

1PBAEIC at pp 105 and 106, para 105.

39 Despite the email sent by Ms Tiolani on 20 November 2014, the plaintiff did
not receive confirmation on the extension of the maturity period from the
second defendant. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PCS at para 30; 1PBAEIC at p 108, para 112.

The collapse of the Chinamall Project and the liquidation of Midas

40 In 2015, things took a turn for the worse. As of 28 February 2015 (the date
on which the plaintiff expected to see some returns given the second
defendant’s three-month extension request), the plaintiff had not received any
payouts from his investment.

41 On 20 April 2015, the defendants emailed Ms Tiolani, informing her that
Midas was experiencing difficulties paying its investors, because funds were
required in matters pertaining to the Mall, including (a) renovation funds;
(b) funds to build a slip road from the nearby highway to the Mall; and (c)
funds to acquire the remaining units in the Mall. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Statement of Claim, para 38.

42 On or around 30 September 2015, Badan Pengurusan Bersama Komplek Pandan
Safari Lagoon (“the Midas Creditor”) filed a winding up application against
Midas in Malaysia on the ground of Midas’ failure to make payment of the sum
of RM1,269,347.03 for outstanding maintenance and services charges, quit rent
and insurance premiums related to the Mall. The application succeeded, and on
or around 4 December 2015, Midas was ordered to be wound up. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

7AB at pp 160 and 161; 1DBAEIC at p 37, para 97; Statement of Claim, para 39.

43 The defendants attempted to challenge to winding up order and filed an
appeal. Around March 2016, the first defendant and another investor in the
Chinamall Project reached an agreement with the Midas Creditor. This agreement
stipulated that in exchange for a payment of RM1.3m in settlement of the sum
claimed by the Midas Creditor in its winding up petition, the Midas Creditor
would agree to consent to the appeal to the winding up order. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1DBAEIC at p 37, paras 99 and 100.

44 Despite these efforts that were targeted at addressing the very root of the
winding up petition, the appeal to the winding up order was dismissed by the
Malaysian Court of Appeal on or around 11 October 2016. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1DBAEIC at p 38, para 101; NEs, 16 July 2020, page 73, lines 6 to 11.

The liquidation of Midas thus proceeded, and a liquidator had been appointed
to that effect.

45 Following this, the defendants were advised by their solicitors to apply to
remove Midas’ liquidator. The second defendant gave unchallenged evidence that
the liquidator was attempting to sell the Mall for RM54m, and that the
defendants were attempting to resist the liquidator’s efforts. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, page 73 line 15 to page 74 line 3.

46 Thereafter, on or around 6 January 2017, the first defendant engaged
Malaysian solicitors to assist in lodging a proof of debt with regard to the
shareholder loan extended to Midas pursuant to the Conversion. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Statement of Claim at para 39A; 7AB at p 239.

This proof of debt encompassed the value of the plaintiff’s and other
investors’ investments in the Chinamall Project. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

1DBAEIC at p 38, para 102; NEs, NEs, 16 July 2020, page 76, lines 10 to 21.

However, on 17 July 2017, Midas’ liquidator rejected the proof of debt in its
entirety. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

8AB at pp 36 to 38; 1DBAEIC at p 38, para 103.

The rejection was premised on, inter alia, grounds that the first defendant
was not the party that extended the various loans to Midas – it was the
investors (including the plaintiff) who directly remitted money to Midas, and
accordingly the first defendant lacked locus standi to lodge a proof of debt
of this nature. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, page 77 line 8 to page 79 line 1.

47 The defendants persisted and appealed against Midas’ liquidator’s rejection
of their proof of debt. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, page 80, lines 3 to 5.

The defendants grounded this appeal on the fact that Midas’ liquidator was the
vendor who sold properties to the defendants and had dealings with them. In
rejecting the proof of debt, Midas’ liquidator relied on “bare allegations”,
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, page 79, lines 10 to 24.

and ignored, inter alia, the fact that the investors’ loans had been held by
the first defendant pursuant to the Conversion. In other words, the defendants
questioned the integrity of the liquidator. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, page 79, lines 15 to 18.

This appeal was likewise dismissed. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, page 80, lines 16 to 17.

48 Shortly thereafter, on 16 August 2017, the plaintiff commenced proceedings
against the defendants. To date, the plaintiff has not been repaid the
Investment Sum or any returns on the said sum. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Statement of Claim at para 39B.

The defendants’ stake in the Chinamall Project

49 Apart from the arranger fee that the defendants stood to gain from the
success of the Chinamall Project (see [14] above), they had also directly
invested in the project and, in this sense, had skin in the game. In the
course of the events detailed above, the defendants made significant
investments in the Chinamall Project. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Defence at para 64B; 1DBAEIC at paras 94 to 95.

The second defendant invested a sum of approximately S$0.5m through the
subscription of a convertible loan note issued by Midas under the Investment
Agreement, which was eventually re-documented as an investment through a
shareholder’s loan. The investment was made in the name of the second
defendant’s wife. These payments were:

(a) a payment of S$150,000 made on 10 December 2013;

(b) a payment of S$174,995 made on 8 January 2014; and

(c) a payment of S$174,990 made on 18 February 2014.

50 The first defendant also injected RM5m as equity into Midas in order to
expedite the Chinamall Project and secure the rights of all the investors.
This payment was made sometime on or around 23 September 2014, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defence at para 64B(b).

which coincided with the period during which Midas was facing financial
difficulties according to the second defendant (see [29] above). Thereafter,
on 4 November 2014, the first defendant invested a further sum of S$2.3m in
Midas by way of a shareholder’s loan.

51 Subsequently, as mentioned, sometime in or around March 2016, the first
defendant also reached an agreement with the Midas Creditor to pay the sum of
RM1.3m in settlement of the sum claimed in the winding up petition filed by
the Midas Creditor against Midas. The first defendant paid one-third of the
sum of RM1.3m on 4 March 2016. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Defence at paras 64B(c) and (d).

The parties’ cases

52 I canvass the parties’ cases in broad strokes at this juncture and will
delve into the specifics at relevant points of this Judgment.

The plaintiff’s case

53 The plaintiff’s pleadings were lengthy and somewhat disorganised, with the
various distinct claims appearing to overlap and segue into each other. Having
perused the pleadings, I herein briefly set out what I understand to be the
plaintiff’s claims against the defendants.

Relationship of agency and duties owed to the plaintiff

54 The plaintiff avers that there is an express or implied agreement between
him and the first defendant, the terms of which are set out in the 19 November
2013 email and the Term Sheet (“the Agency Agreement”). 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SoC at para 45.

To this effect, the plaintiff argues that the Agency Agreement, not the ASTD,
governed the parties’ agency relationship, ie, the plaintiff’s position is
that the ASTD is not binding. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS at paras 34(a), 35 to 45.

55 According to the plaintiff, the Agency Agreement contains the following
implied terms: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

SoC at para 46.

(a) the first defendant will act in accordance with the instructions of the
plaintiff;

(b) the first defendant will use all reasonable skill, care, and diligence in
carrying out its duties as agent of the plaintiff;

(c) the first defendant will provide the plaintiff with timely information
and/or advice on all material aspects of the Chinamall Project;

(d) the first defendant will take all reasonable steps to protect the
plaintiff’s interest and/or investment in the Chinamall Project;

(e) the first defendant will not put itself in a position where its duty to
the plaintiff may conflict with its personal interests or with the interest of
others to whom it also owed duties; and

(f) the first defendant will act in good faith and in the best interests of
the plaintiff.

56 Further and in the alternative, the plaintiff avers that the defendants
acted as agents for and on behalf of the plaintiff on any and all matters
arising from and/or in connection with the Chinamall Project, including the
first defendant’s assessment of the Chinamall Project as set out in the email
dated 19 November 2013 and the provision of the Term Sheet to the plaintiff.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

SoC at para 47.

The plaintiff reposed trust and confidence in the defendants as the plaintiff
relied on the defendants to act for and on his behalf on any and all matters
arising from and/or in connection with the Chinamall Project. The suggestion
appears to be that the defendants were fiduciaries vis-à-vis the plaintiff.

57 Based on the foregoing, the plaintiff avers that the defendants acted as
agents for and on behalf of the plaintiff, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

SoC at para 49.

and as a result owed the following duties to the plaintiff:

(a) A duty of care to: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

SoC at para 48.

(i) act in accordance with the instructions of the plaintiff;

(ii) use all reasonable skill, care, and diligence in carrying out its duties
as agent of the plaintiff;

(iii) provide the plaintiff with timely information and/or advice on all
material aspects of the Chinamall Project;

(iv) take all reasonable steps to protect the plaintiff’s interest and/or
investment in the Chinamall Project.

(b) Fiduciary duties. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

SoC at para 49.

58 The duties enumerated above were simultaneously characterised as “duties as
agent” by the plaintiff. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

SoC at para 50.

It is unclear what significance such characterisation added to the analysis,
apart from applying a different name/label to the aforementioned duties – the
plaintiff never fully explained its position. This also made it unclear
whether the plaintiff was pursuing a tortious claim in this respect (as
suggested by “duty of care”), a contractual claim for “duties as agent” under
the Agency Agreement, or a mix of both. I elaborate on this below (see [92]
onwards).

Breach of duties as agent, breach of fiduciary duties and/or negligence

59 The plaintiff argues that the first defendant breached its duties as agent
of the plaintiff, and/or was negligent in failing to use all reasonable skill,
care, and diligence in carrying out its duties as agent of the plaintiff. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

SoC at para 50.

Relevant details in this regard include the correspondence between the parties
in the course of the plaintiff’s investment in the Chinamall Project, and the
various documents and instruments the second defendant sent to the plaintiff.
The plaintiff’s overarching gripe appears to be that the defendants led the
plaintiff to believe the Chinamall Project was a viable investment, which
caused the plaintiff to make the said investment and consequently suffer a
loss of the Investment Sum.

60 The plaintiff also argues that the first defendant breached the Agency
Agreement, and that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the
plaintiff. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

SoC at para 51.

Rolled up into this claim appears to be further allegations of “breaches of …
duties as agent”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

SoC at (G)(ii).

The overarching tenor of these claims largely mirror that mentioned in the
preceding paragraph.

Claims in misrepresentation

61 The plaintiff argues that the defendants represented to the plaintiff,
expressly or implicitly, during the phone call on 20 November 2014 that no
alternative security was required for the plaintiff’s investment in the
Chinamall Project, because the Mall was a valuable mall that could be sold,
and the shareholders paid back if necessary (“the First Representation”). 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

SoC at para 51, Particular (bv).

According to the plaintiff, this constituted an actionable fraudulent
misrepresentation by the defendant, and/or an actionable misrepresentation
under the Misrepresentation Act. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

SoC at paras 51A to 51F.

62 Further and/or alternatively, the plaintiff argues that the defendants
represented during the 20 November 2014 phone call that the plaintiff’s
investment in the Chinamall Project was due to end/mature on 28 November 2014,
and therefore the second defendant had sought an extension of three months to
make repayment of the Investment Sum (“the Second Representation”). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

SoC at para 51G

The plaintiff argues that this likewise was a fraudulent misrepresentation,
and/or an actionable misrepresentation under the Misrepresentation Act, which
induced the plaintiff to sign the Trust Deed.

63 The plaintiff’s claim in misrepresentation is limited to these two
representations. I clarified this during the trial with counsel for the
plaintiff, who confirmed that this is the plaintiff’s case. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 202 line 20 to page 203 line 19.

64 The plaintiff avers that it has suffered loss and damage due to the
defendants’ actions and representations. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

SoC at paras 51G(e), 52A.

These have been particularised at paragraphs 52–53 of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 4) (“Statement of Claim”), which I will not reproduce here.

The defendants’ case

The defendants’ overarching argument

65 The defendants primarily emphasise that the plaintiff knowingly signed the
Trust Deed, and that there accordingly was no unauthorised conversion of the
form of the plaintiff’s investment. The plaintiff was apprised of the relevant
information before he made each critical decision in the course of his
investment, including, crucially, his execution of the Trust Deed.

66 As a result, the plaintiff is bound by the Trust Deed and the terms
therein. This undergirds all aspects of the defendants’ case, as evident from
their written closing submissions. According to the defendants, as a direct
consequence of this fact, the majority of the plaintiff’s claims are
untenable.

The specifics of the defendants’ arguments

67 The defendants accept that the OT Letter was executed without the
plaintiff’s prior knowledge or approval. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at para 72.

They nonetheless stress that this is immaterial, because the OT Letter was
made known to the plaintiff prior to his signing of the Trust Deed. The
plaintiff “acknowledged and accepted” the Conversion by signing the Trust
Deed.

68 The defendants appear prepared to accept that they were agents of the
plaintiff, but argue that the relevant instrument governing this relationship
is the ASTD, not the alleged Agency Agreement. The defendants’ duties, if any,
are confined to those stipulated in the ASTD. This is to the exclusion of any
other common law duties. The defendants were also not the plaintiff’s
“personal advisors”; this is not contemplated in the ASTD. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at para 69.

69 The defendants argue that, in any event, there was no breach of their
duties as agents, principally because the plaintiff had “full knowledge of the
terms of his investment … prior to having made the decision to invest”
[emphasis in original]. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at para 86.

The same may be said as regards the plaintiff’s consent to the changes to his
investment (via the Conversion and his execution of the Trust Deed). This is
the basis of the defendants’ arguments against the plaintiff’s claims in
contract (the terms of the ASTD), tort (negligence) and equity (breaches of
fiduciary duties).

70 On the plaintiff’s misrepresentation claims, the defendants first dispute
that they made the relevant representations. They then re-emphasise the point
that the plaintiff had sight of the relevant contractual instruments, relying
on the Court of Appeal’s decision in Broadley Construction Pte Ltd v Alacran
Design Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 110 (“Broadley Construction”). According to the
defendants, Broadley Construction stands for the proposition that a plaintiff
would not ordinarily be held to be induced by a misrepresentation if the
express contractual terms, read and signed, contradict or correct the
representor’s misrepresentation. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at para 88.

They also argue that the circumstances, specifically the plaintiff’s informed
consent to each relevant contractual instrument, show that the claims in
misrepresentation are untenable on the element of reliance.

Issues

71 As may be seen from the preceding paragraphs, the plaintiff has pleaded its
case in an imprecise fashion, with multiple factual and legal issues
intertwined. The precise basis of each claim also appears unclear at times
(see for example [58] above). I hence elaborate at this juncture on the
structure of this Judgment and the main issues to focus on.

72 To the extent that the plaintiff has identified nine distinct issues (see
[34] of the plaintiff’s written closing submissions), I prefer not to adopt
such an approach for considerations of clarity and precision. Instead, I
identify four main issues arising that require sequential determination, as
follows.

(a) The Trust Deed: Whether the plaintiff was bound by the Trust Deed, and
whether this represented the final form of his investment in the Chinamall
Project. This is, by and large, a factual question.

(b) Changes to the plaintiff’s investment: Whether the established sequence of
events show that the nature of the plaintiff’s investment was materially
altered without his knowledge or consent. This, likewise, is a factual
question.

(c) Relationship of agency: What was the nature of the “agency” relationship
between the parties, ie, (i) what instrument, if any, governed this
relationship; and (ii) what duties flowed from such a relationship. This
question is both legal and factual, ie, it requires a clarification on the law
of agency, the law on what duties arise from such an agency relationship, and
a discussion on how the facts of the present case fit into the existing legal
framework.

(d) The plaintiff’s claims: Based on the foregoing, what reliefs the plaintiff
is entitled to according to the various heads of claim he pursues in the
present suit. In other words, I will discuss under this issue how my findings
on the three preceding issues feed into the various claims advanced by the
plaintiff. Herein, questions of breach of the relevant duties pleaded by the
plaintiff will be discussed, where relevant.

To the extent that narrower lines of inquiry have been identified by the
parties (eg, the plaintiff’s nine identified issues), these may be subsumed
under the four issues listed above. The former three issues iron out the key
areas of factual and legal dispute between the parties. They also establish
the important factual and legal premises, based on which the merits of the
plaintiff’s various claims (under the fourth issue) may be fruitfully
discussed.

73 I explain briefly the rationale and thinking behind the sequence of issues
as stated above.

(a) It must first be established what the plaintiff’s investment in the
Chinamall Project looked like at the end of his dealings with the defendants.
This is the purpose of my discussion on the first issue, ie, the Trust Deed.
By properly setting out what the investment arrangement was at the end of the
protracted negotiations, as well as the nature of the circumstances preceding
the Trust Deed, a clear picture will emerge as to what the plaintiff’s
ultimate position was with respect to the Chinamall Project.

(b) Having established the above, it may then be determined whether the thrust
of the plaintiff’s case, ie, that his investment was materially altered
without his knowledge/consent, has been made out. This will be done by
scrutinising the key investment events in totality. This is a factual question
of whether the plaintiff knew and/or agreed that his investment would adopt
the final form that it did, ie, the arrangement involving the Trust Deed. As
will be made clear, I do not think that the plaintiff has properly
characterised his case.

(c) By addressing the second issue (ie, the nub of the plaintiff’s case or his
case theory), there will be clarity on what exactly the plaintiff’s
substantive complaint in the present case is or ought to be. I turn then to
set out the parameters of the relationship between the plaintiff and the
defendants, ie, what the plaintiff describes as the “agency relationship”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See for example PCS at para 36.

In so doing, the scope of the duties owed by the defendants to the plaintiff
will be made clear.

(d) Only then will I turn to address the plaintiff’s claims concerning breach
of the various alleged duties by the defendants. This will form the bulk of my
substantive analysis.

This four-issue structure allows for, in my view, a clear and incisive
resolution of the present dispute. It is with the above in mind that I turn to
my analysis of the present case.

The Trust Deed

74 As noted, the Trust Deed is a key factual pillar that folds into the
central thrust of the plaintiff’s case, ie, that his investment was materially
altered by the defendants without his consent/knowledge (see [5] above). We
are concerned here with discerning what the plaintiff’s investment in the
Chinamall Project looked like at the end of the plaintiff’s dealings with the
defendants.

75 I have explained above that the plaintiff, after the alleged phone call
with the second defendant on 20 November 2014, agreed to sign and did sign the
Trust Deed (see [37] above). The Trust Deed accordingly bound the plaintiff.
The plaintiff does not appear to contest this.

76 The effect of the arrangement as per the Trust Deed is this: the first
defendant was the “legal owner of a US$1.6 million shareholder loan to Midas”,
and it held “the said loan and all interest accrued… on the same on trust for
[the plaintiff]”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at para 22.

There are a few important points arising from this:

(a) The first defendant did not hold the Investment Sum on trust for the
plaintiff. The Investment Sum was not even shown to be in the first
defendant’s possession at the material time. Counsel for the defendants
clarified, and counsel for the plaintiff did not dispute, that the Investment
Sum had been in Midas’ hands, and remained in Midas’ possession throughout the
course of the plaintiff’s investment. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 70 line 23 to page 71 line 20.

In other words, the Investment Sum is not trust property that was held by the
first defendant.

(b) The chose in action, ie, the right to bring an action against Midas if
Midas defaulted on timely repayment of the loan was what was held on trust for
the plaintiff. This resulted from the arrangement between the parties and was
the manner in which the trust was structured.

(c) Logically, should Midas repay the full extent of the Investment Sum that
the plaintiff had transferred, that chose in action would lapse and the loan
sum would be held on trust by the first defendant. Conversely, should Midas
default on the repayment, any damages resulting from the enforcement of the
chose in action would be held on trust by the first defendant for the
plaintiff.

77 Another aspect of the Trust Deed is pertinent. Clause 10 of the Trust Deed
is an “Entire Deed” clause, which states: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

5AB at p 12.

10 ENTIRE DEED

This Deed constitutes the entire and only deed between the Parties relating to
the subject matter herein contained and all prior negotiations,
representations, agreements and understandings are superseded hereby. No
agreements altering or supplementing the terms hereof may be made except by
written mutual agreement and duly signed by the Parties.

Clause 10 thus had the effect of immediate revocation of all prior contractual
instruments between the parties, upon the plaintiff’s execution of the Trust
Deed.

78 The plaintiff contends that he “never knew” and therefore “could not have
agreed” to the Trust Deed. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 75, lines 5 to 6.

This is the heart of his case theory that his investment was materially
altered without his consent or knowledge. I do not see how this can be so.

Whether the terms of the plaintiff’s investment were altered without his
consent and/or knowledge

79 Neither party seems to dispute the fact that the nature of the plaintiff’s
investment did change materially over time. Preliminarily, the Proposed
Conversion never took effect; this is undisputed. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS at para 61; PCS at para 18.

It is therefore irrelevant and immaterial. I highlighted this to counsel in
the course of the trial, and there was no meaningful reply by the plaintiff.
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 68, lines 1 to 4.

80 Instead, the relevant instrument to scrutinise is the Trust Deed. In my
view, it cannot be said that the Conversion was effected without the
plaintiff’s consent or knowledge. First and foremost, the plaintiff signed the
Trust Deed. I have canvassed this in the previous section of this Judgment. In
so doing, the plaintiff agreed to the change in the nature of his investment
in the Chinamall Project; it cannot conceivably be then said that he did not
consent to the change in investment structure.

81 Importantly, the plaintiff is also not making a case of non est factum.
This is the argument one would expect when allegations are made to the effect
that the investment one had entered into was not what one envisioned. This is
an argument that one could not have consented to an agreement because one was
incapable of knowing/understanding the contents of the agreement. The point
has not been pleaded and I accordingly do not consider it. It suffices for me
to note that there is nothing in the record demonstrating that the high
threshold required for non est factum to be made out would have been met on
the facts (such facts typically pertaining to incapacity of some sort that
renders the contracting party unable to understand the contents of the
contract he/she is signing).

82 The more pertinent question (and indeed the crux of the issue), which I
expressly raised to counsel during trial, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 73 line 19 to page 74 line 3.

is whether there was informed consent obtained from the plaintiff. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 78 line 25 to page 79 line 10.

In my view, there are three possible ways of construing this argument based on
how the plaintiff has argued its case at trial, all of which are untenable.

83 First, the plaintiff cannot claim that he did not know that the nature of
his investment was in fact being changed – he, after all, signed the Trust
Deed. He accepted that he knew that there would be a “change in the form /
structure of [his] investment in the Chinamall Project” by way of the Trust
Deed. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

1PBAEIC at p 91, para 81.

84 Second, the contention may be that the nature of the changes to the
investment was different from what was represented to the plaintiff, ie, he
did not have knowledge of how exactly his investment would be changed due to
representations made by the defendants. In other words, the argument could be
that the defendants misrepresented the nature of the changes to the plaintiff.
This is a separate substantive question that is at the heart of the
plaintiff’s misrepresentation claims, which I address from [178] onwards
below. In short, I am not satisfied that the alleged misrepresentations
operated on the mind of the plaintiff to the extent of obscuring the true
nature of the Trust Deed and the Conversion consequent to it.

85 There is a third and separate gloss to this argument: the plaintiff takes
issue with the fact that the defendants kept him in the dark over several key
changes to his investment, in particular the discharge of the Security
Documents and the agreement to the OT Letter. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PCS at para 138.

The issue then is whether the discharge of these documents without the
plaintiff’s knowledge meant that he did not or could not make an informed
decision in agreeing to the Trust Deed.

86 In my view, this line of argument does not aid the plaintiff. It may
appear, at first blush, that the plaintiff was “cornered” into signing the
Trust Deed, given that he was informed of the discharge of the relevant
documents ex post facto. But several points are pertinent.

(a) First, if the plaintiff’s real complaint is with respect to the
unauthorised discharge of the Security Documents and Investment Agreement, it
ought to be framed as a claim in repudiation or repudiatory breach. The
plaintiff’s claim not framed as such. The plaintiff took the discharge of the
documents in his stride and subsequently agreed to the Trust Deed. He is not
making a claim in unauthorised repudiation; his claim is that in leading him
to accept the Trust Deed, the defendants acted in breach of duty and/or made
misrepresentations to him.

(b) This feeds into the second critical point: it was open to the plaintiff to
refuse to sign the Trust Deed and, as it were, nip the problem in the bud at
that point. He was informed of the termination of the Security Documents via
the OT Letter prior to signing the Trust Deed. The plaintiff could have
withheld his signature and commenced an action in repudiation against the
defendants and/or Midas. He did not. Despite knowing that the Security
Documents were discharged, he agreed to the Trust Deed. There was informed
consent.

(c) Third, the significance of the Trust Deed, specifically clause 10, is that
the plaintiff agreed to the superseding of prior contractual agreements
between the parties. Accordingly, even if the Security Documents were not
discharged prior to the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed would have had that same
effect. In substance, the plaintiff agreed to a discharge of the Security
Documents.

(d) Fourth, even if the plaintiff’s claim was for the defendants’ repudiation
of the relevant documents, I express doubts over the viability of such a
claim. As the plaintiff voluntarily entered into the Trust Deed and decided to
proceed with the investment, it may be said that he waived any prior
repudiatory breach of the Security Documents and Investment Agreement on the
defendants’ part. I say no more on this issue, given that it is not pleaded.

87 My findings on this issue inform the nature of the parties’ “agency”
relationship, as well as the extent to which the defendants may be said to
have acted with due skill, care and diligence; I will elaborate below. What is
apparent and important is that the plaintiff at all relevant points in time
was apprised of the changes to his investment in the Chinamall Project, and
made his own decisions that altered his legal position.

88 I turn then to address the third issue: the nature of the agency
relationship between the parties. As alluded to earlier, there are two
components to this discussion. The first pertains to the nature of the agency
relationship between the parties, and what exactly this constituted. Herein,
we are concerned with identifying the parameters of the parties’ relationship
and identifying the scope to which the defendants were allowed to act for or
on behalf of the plaintiff, ie, the defendants’ authority. The second pertains
to the duties that arose as part of this agency relationship.

89 Before that, however, I highlight a significant problem in the present
case: the lack of clarity and precision with which the terms “agent” and
“duties of agent” have been used in the parties’ various arguments. The
plaintiff, in particular, has left it unclear whether “duties of agent” in the
Statement of Claim pertains to contractual or tortious duties, and how these
duties specifically arose. The structure of the pleadings also does not lend
itself to an easy understanding of the agency issues at hand.

90 Accordingly, in my view, it would be apt to briefly reiterate and clarify
the law of agency in Singapore, specifically on how one should engage in an
analysis of an agent’s duties. This would be helpful, given that the court has
not had a recent opportunity to clarify this matter. The bulk of contemporary
case law has been primarily concerned with the issue of an agent’s authority:
see for example Alphire Group Pte Ltd v Law Chau Loon and another matter
[2020] SGCA 50 (“Alphire Group”); Goh Yng Yng Karen (executrix of the estate
of Liew Khoon Fong (alias Liew Fong), deceased) v Goh Yong Chiang Kelvin
[2020] SGHC 195 (“Liew Khoon Fong”); Blasco, Martinez Gemma v Ee Meng Yen
Angela and another and another matter [2020] SGHC 247 (“Blasco Martinez”).

The law of agency and the duties of agents

91 The legal term “agent” is not homogenous or monolithic. “Agent”, in its
general sense, simply refers to a relationship, often undergirded by a
contractual agreement, where one party is able to act for another party: see
Tan Cheng Han, The Law of Agency (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2017) (“The Law
of Agency”) at para 01.008. As a result of being able to act for his/her
principal, and thereby influence his/her principal’s position and interests,
the law imposes various duties on agents. These duties arise for the
protection of the principal, who often reposes trust and confidence in the
agent. Different duties may arise, attendant to a relationship of agency, such
as fiduciary duties, duties of skill and care, and any contractual duties
stipulated in the agreement between agent and principal. In this sense, the
law of agency involves and overlaps with several other overlapping areas of
law such as contract, tort and equity.

92 Simply using the terms “agent”, “relationship of agency” or “duties as
agent”, however, sheds little to no light on the nuances of the relationship
between a specific agent and his or her principal. It goes without saying that
different agents affect their principals’ interests to different degrees. This
depends on the extent of authority conferred upon the agent. Some agents are
sufficiently empowered to, for example, contract for or on behalf of their
principal. There are also agents with little, if any, authority to make any
decisions for the principal, such as agents who are simply authorised to
appear at meetings for the principal in order to satisfy quorum requirements.
Within this latter category, is for instance, agents that merely advise on and
facilitate transactions, with the principal retaining the ultimate say.

93 The extent of authority that an agent possesses is a question of fact that
is discerned from any express agreement between the parties as well as “the
parties’ conduct and the surrounding circumstances”: see the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Alphire Group at [7], citing with approval The Law of Agency at
para 03.027. Only then can “the existence of the agent’s authority and the
scope of that authority” [emphasis in original] be determined: Alphire Group
at [7]. In other words, agents and agency relationships exist across a
spectrum. This must be borne in mind.

94 It is therefore unsurprising that each unique agency relationship will be
accompanied by distinct sets of rights and obligations. It is not the case
that every agent will owe, for example, fiduciary duties. In principle, the
fact that fiduciary duties may be modified by the agency contract or even
completely excluded would mean that situations of agency can and will involve
agents that do not owe fiduciary duties: The Law of Agency at para 07.036,
citing Boardman v Phipps [1967] 2 AC 46. In general, it may be said that the
more extensive the agency relationship, ie, the greater an agent’s authority
or ability to affect the principal’s interests, the more onerous the duties
imposed upon the agent will be. This follows, as a matter of first principles,
from the various areas of law that are engaged in the agency analysis.

95 From the perspective of contract law, this is simply a matter of holding
parties to their bargain, as embodied by the contract of agency. This is trite
and is rooted in the notion of consensus ad idem. The law will give effect to
what the parties have expressly agreed on, nothing more and nothing less (save
terms to be implied in fact or in law). If the agent agrees to owe the
principal onerous duties, then the agent is so bound. If the principal fails
to stipulate in the contract of agency the relevant duties that it wishes to
impose on the agent, it cannot later cavil.

96 In the context of tort law, this is a question of the extent of the duty of
care that arises on the facts. For instance, in the area of negligence, this
is broadly construed based on the proximity between agent and principal. Trite
factors in this inquiry include control, knowledge, reliance and assumption of
responsibility: see the Court of Appeal’s seminal decision in Spandeck
Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R)
100 (“Spandeck”).

97 The existence and contours of an agent’s tortious duties are also shaped by
the specific context in which they arise, for example:

(a) Where solicitors act as agents for individuals in property transactions:
Tan & Au LLP v Goh Teh Lee [2012] 4 SLR 1 (“Goh Teh Lee”) and Fong Maun Yee
and another v Yoong Weng Ho Robert [1997] 1 SLR(R) 751.

(b) Where agents give advice to, and act for principals, in stockbroking
transactions: OCBC Securities Pte Ltd v Yeo Siew Huan [1998] 1 SLR(R) 481
(“OCBC Securities”).

(c) Where auditors act as agents for businesses in the sense that they
conducted audits on behalf of the relevant businesses: JSI Shipping (S) Pte
Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a firm) [2007] 4 SLR(R) 460 (“JSI Shipping”).

(d) Where duties are alleged to have arisen vis-à-vis individuals that may be
characterised as independent contractors and involve questions of vicarious
liabilities and non-delegable duties. In these more contentious areas, the
concept of agency may instead be invoked as a justification or legal test that
shapes the extent of the duties: see for instance the observations in Yoong,
“Challenges in the Evolution of the Doctrine of Non-delegable Duty” (2018) 25
Tort L Rev 143 at pp 162–163.

98 Also relevant are the principles on the interface between contractual and
tortious duties and how these interact. The relevant questions are whether,
and to what extent, any contractual instrument curtails or expands on the
common law tortious duties, and whether similar duties can coexist in both
contract and tort. This is relevant to my discussion below on the defendants’
argument that the existence of the contractual agency relationship precludes
common law tortious duties from arising on the defendants’ part (see
[169]–[173] below).

99 Viewed from the lens of equity or the law on fiduciaries, this is a
question of the extent of the agent’s position of ascendancy over the
principal and authority to act on behalf of the principal. This is the
cornerstone of all fiduciary relationships, in recognition of the fact that
authority of this nature is often reposed in the agent in trust and
confidence. Where an agent is able to unilaterally and significantly influence
his/her principal’s position or interests and has been conferred such powers
in trust and confidence, extensive fiduciary duties may arise. On the other
hand, where the agent has limited authority and discretion, the agent will owe
few, if any, fiduciary duties.

100 In particular, case law has clarified that just because an agent may be
considered a fiduciary in a limited manner (specifically, for matters in which
he or she is allowed to exercise judgment or discretion to affect certain
interests of the principal), this does not mean that every duty the agent owes
to the principal is a fiduciary duty. This is clear from the seminal decision
of Bristol and West Building Society v Mothew [1998] 1 Ch 1 at p 16. Therein,
Millett LJ stated:

Despite the warning given by Fletcher Moulton L.J. in In re Coomber; Coomber v
Coomber [1911] 1 Ch 723, 728, this branch of the law has been bedevilled by
unthinking resort to verbal formulae. It is therefore necessary to begin by
defining one’s terms. The expression “fiduciary duty” is properly confined to
those duties which are peculiar to fiduciaries and the breach of which
attracts legal consequences differing from those consequent upon the breach of
other duties. Unless the expression is so limited it is lacking in practical
utility. In this sense it is obvious that not every breach of duty by a
fiduciary is a breach of fiduciary duty. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Millett LJ’s observation on the “unthinking resort to verbal formulae” is apt
when one considers the looseness with which the term “agent” has been used by
parties in the present suit. One must define with clarity the exact contours
of each agency relationship and the attendant duties that arise.

101 The same observation has been made locally. Judith Prakash J (as she then
was) observed in Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat and others [2007] 3
SLR(R) 265 at [28] that “care had to be taken not to equate the duty of good
faith and loyalty owed by every employee with a fiduciary obligation” (citing
Nottingham University v Fishel [2000] IRLR 471 with approval). The same logic
extends to contractual agents, who may not be “employees” in the strict sense,
but are nonetheless employed by their principals to engage in a certain course
of action.

102 Agency stands at the intersection of these various other areas of law but
does not displace the fundamental principles that undergird each. Defining a
particular agency relationship hence depends on an application of the rules
established within these different areas of law.

103 As for the evidential approach to questions of agency, any express
agreement or implied agreement (as evinced by conduct) between the parties
will be relevant; I have alluded to this at [92] above in referencing the
Court of Appeal’s decision in Alphire Group ([90] supra). It is important in
every case to identify and establish the existence and terms of any
contractual instruments entered into by parties. Relevant also will be to
scrutinise the conduct of the parties in the course of the relationship of
agency, and how they have acted in transactions involving the principal.
Specifically, one must focus on transactions in which the agent was able to
exercise the authority conferred by the principal. Only then can one reach a
conclusion on the degree to which an agent is able to affect the principal’s
interests, and consequently the duties that are to be imposed on the agent.

104 Where the allegations pertaining to an agent’s authority are unclear, it
will not be easy to distil the duties that arise from the agency relationship.
I use the plaintiff’s pleadings as an illustration. The Statement of Claim is
somewhat confusing and does not properly engage with the nuances present in
situations of agency. I use the following aspects of the pleadings to
illustrate:

(a) On the one hand, the plaintiff avers that, according to the alleged Agency
Agreement between the parties, the first defendant “will act in accordance
with the instructions of the [plaintiff]”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

SoC at para 46.

Alongside this, the plaintiff avers that the first defendant will provide the
plaintiff with “timely information and/or advice”. These collectively suggest
that the plaintiff retained the final say on all material aspects of his
investment, and the first defendant acted simply as an advisor.

(b) On the other hand, the plaintiff avers that “the [plaintiff] reposed trust
and confidence in the [defendants] as the [plaintiff] relied on the
[defendants] to act for and on his behalf on any and all matters arising from…
the Chinamall Project”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

SoC at para 47.

This averment is somewhat different, and suggests that the defendants had
significant discretion in making important decisions on the plaintiff’s
behalf.

105 From the above, it is unclear what the plaintiff’s case is. Is it that the
defendants were substantially empowered to execute instruments/legally binding
documents “on his behalf” (which is suggested by [104(b)] above)? Or is it
that the defendants played merely an advisory role and acted as a “mere
conduit”, and the plaintiff retained the final say in all material matters
(which is suggested by [104(a)] above)? Or is it, perhaps, an amalgamation of
both scenarios pleaded? These two positions are not readily reconcilable – the
former involves a far more extensive degree of powers conferred on the agent.

106 This is highly significant – depending on the manner in which the agency
relationship is characterised by the plaintiff, the nature of the attendant
duties alleged to arise will also vastly differ. For example, several
fiduciary duties may arise if the defendants possessed significant latitude
and discretion to unilaterally affect the plaintiff’s interest, ie, if the
defendants could create legal relations on behalf of the plaintiff. However,
these duties may not exist (or at least be more confined) if the relationship
can be more properly recognised as one of an advisor and advisee.

A broad framework for analysing the duties of agents

107 Based on the foregoing, I set out a general three-step framework that may
be adopted in cases involving alleged breaches of the duties of agents. To be
clear, this framework does not involve the espousal of any new law. It is a
suggested manner of synthesising the various relevant areas of law, as they
currently exist, that often arise in the agency analysis. It is also to aid
with the identification and understanding of the veiled issues of fact and law
that often lurk beneath the façade of the parties’ cases. The purpose of the
framework is to clearly identify an agent’s duties in any given case and to
allow for a neat and comprehensive resolution of disputes involving duties of
agents.

The first step: Discerning the agent’s authority

108 The first step is to identify all the relevant contractual instruments and
any other relevant conduct by the parties, in order to establish the true
scope of the agent’s authority. “Scope” comes in two senses: the extent of the
agent’s authority (ie, the matters in which the agent was allowed to act for
the principal and the degree of autonomy the agent possessed) and the duration
that this authority subsisted for.

109 It is important to be comprehensive in this exercise, and to examine all
of the parties’ dealings in relation to the transaction or transactions in
dispute. Of foremost importance will be the agency agreement, if any. Herein
may lie questions relating to the formation of contracts. Contemporaneous
conduct will also shed valuable light. The evidential points raised in Alphire
Group ([90] supra), as reproduced at [92] above, are pertinent. Relevant also
are the analyses in cases such as Liew Khoon Fong ([90] supra) and Blasco
Martinez ([90] supra). These demonstrate how the court has generally
undertaken this exercise.

110 The temporal scope of the relevant instruments and the parties’ conduct is
also of utmost importance, given that this directly affects the duration of
the agency relationship (which, self-evidently, may survive the discharge of a
contract or may even exist without a contract). The question to ask is “when
and for how long did the individual or entity act as agent for the principal?”
This question is answered by examining the instances where the agent exercised
his or her authority, as well as any conduct of the principal demonstrating
that the principal regarded the agent as possessing the relevant authority.
The general idea is to discern a course of conduct. The end result of the
first step is that one will be able to clearly discern the extent of the
agent’s authority and the duration for which the agent’s authority persisted.

The second step: Identifying the agent’s duties

111 The second step is to identify, based on the agent’s authority, the duties
owed by the agent. The key areas of law that will typically be relevant are
contract, tort and equity and trusts, as canvassed above. This is of course
not an exhaustive list. A key limiting factor, at the risk of stating the
obvious, would be the parties’ pleadings and how they have framed their case.
If a party pleads an agency claim in contract and not in tort or equity, that
party is so bound.

112 At this step, the different areas of law ought to be analysed separately
as a starting point, with reference to the agent’s authority as defined in the
first step. I have suggested above, in broad terms, how the analysis under
each area of law may be conducted (see [95]–[101] above). Then, there remains
to consider how these different areas of law overlap or segue into each other.
The usual suspects in this inquiry are contractual exclusion clauses and
various forms of estoppel. The question is whether the duties that arise in
one area of law are circumscribed, modified or negated due to the existence of
the obligations or duties arising from another area of law.

113 Critical under the second step is also to bear in mind the relevant
timeframe within which the agent’s authority subsisted, and the provenance of
such authority, as determined under the first step. This directly impacts the
nature of the duties that bind the agent at any given time. To illustrate, a
contractual agency agreement may for some reason be terminated in the course
of the parties’ dealings. When the contract concludes, its terms no longer
bind the parties; express contractual obligations are extinguished. If,
however, the agent continues to act for the principal in the same capacity as
that stipulated under their now-discharged contract, two questions arise. One,
has a new implied contract arisen? Two, if no implied contract has arisen, is
the agent nonetheless still bound by duties under common law (tort) and
equity, given that the agent still possessed authority and continued acting
for the principal? The distinction between these two permutations may not
always be clear; but attaining an answer to the underlying question of the
duration of the agency relationship is essential. All turns on the particular
facts of the case at hand.

114 Having clearly established the existence and scope of the agent’s duties,
we may then turn to the third step.

The third step: Identifying breaches of the respective duties

115 This third and final step hinges on an application of the rules on breach
that exist in the various relevant areas of law. I will not endeavour to go
through each area of law at this juncture. Instead, I offer some observations
on common problems that arise in the agency context where there are multiple
parallel claims made by a plaintiff, and propose solutions to these problems.

116 First, it is crucial to keep the analyses of the various breaches
distinct. The different breaches may well involve the same act or acts by the
agent. But to lump them together (as the plaintiff has done in the Statement
of Claim) does not make for smooth analysis and resolution. To illustrate,
negligence and the fiduciary obligation to act in the principal’s best
interests are quite distinct. One may act unreasonably carelessly but loyally
and in what one believes to be in the principal’s interests. On the other
hand, one may act against the principal’s interests but not be careless or
negligent in the endeavour. Each question of breach is fact sensitive. More
importantly, one act may have different dimensions: the motive, execution and
outcome of a single act can be parsed and might lend themselves to different
conclusions. Conflating claims and addressing them in bulk serves only to
confuse.

117 Another important consideration is to ensure that there is no double
recovery. The rule against double recovery is trite: see for instance Chew
Kong Huat and others v Ricwil (Singapore) Pte Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1167, citing
Personal Representatives of Tang Man Sit v Capacious Investments Ltd [1996] AC
514 at 522, at [36]. It may often be the case that one set of actions by an
agent results in a breach of both contractual and tortious duties. If so, that
renders the agent liable under both contract and tort. But that does not mean
that the agent pays twice for one wrong. The specific heads of loss (eg,
expectation loss, reliance loss, loss of profits, injury to the person, pure
economic loss or even psychiatric harm) must be identified with clarity, and
separately with reference to each individual claim. These multiple heads of
loss must then be construed against each other, and any overlap must be
identified and accounted for. A plaintiff can only be compensated for the loss
it actually suffered, and even then, not more than once.

118 With the framework as proposed, agency disputes involving multifaceted
claims may be more neatly and efficiently resolved. I will adopt this
framework in my analysis of the present case. Accordingly, I first discuss the
key documents and instruments in this case that shed light on the true nature
of the authority conferred and limitations imposed on the defendants. Only
then will one be able to arrive at an accurate conclusion on the nature of the
duties owed by the defendants to the plaintiff (and, subsequently, whether
these duties were breached).

The nature of the agency relationship between the parties

The relevant instruments governing the agency relationship

119 The two main contractual instruments to be considered are the ASTD and the
Agency Agreement alleged by the plaintiff. The Trust Deed is also relevant. To
reiterate, the plaintiff’s case in this respect is that the ASTD is not
binding, and that the alleged Agency Agreement had arisen between the parties
as per the terms stated in the 19 November 2013 email and the Term Sheet. The
defendants’ position is that the ASTD was binding until it was discharged by
the Trust Deed.

The ASTD

120 The ASTD is, as apparent on the face of the document, a contractual
document that purports to govern the relationship of agency between the
parties. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

1AB at p 162.

It states, inter alia, as follows:

Form of Agency and Security Trustee Deed

(referred to in Clause 11.1(b) of the Terms and Conditions)

THIS AGENCY AND SECURITY TRUSTEE DEED… is made on the [ ] day of [ ] 2013.

BETWEEN:

(1) [The first defendant]… as the agent (the “Agent”);

AND

(2) [The first defendant]… as the security trustee (the “Security Trustee”);

AND

(3) THE INDIVIDUALS AND COMPANIES whose names are set out in Schedule 1 (List
of Noteholders) (collectively, the “Noteholders” and each a “Noteholder”),

…

WHEREAS:

(A) The Agent and the Security Trustee proposes to enter into an Investment
Agreement (the “Agreement”) with [Midas] (the “Borrower”) and Messrs Tan Chong
Whatt… and Wang Jianguo… for the issue of convertible loan notes (the “Notes”)
in aggregate principal amount of up to S$20,000,000.

…

“Majority Noteholders” means one or more of the Noteholders who, in aggregate
holds not less than 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes.

…

4\. GENERAL POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS

4.1. The Agent and the Security Trustee (as the case may be) shall:-

(a) upon receipt of any notices and documents from the Borrower concerning the
Notes held by a Noteholder, promptly notify and forward the same to such
affected Noteholder;

(b) promptly notify and forward to the Noteholders details of any other
communications, notices and documents received by it from the Borrower in
relation to the Agreement, and all the transactions and documents contemplated
thereunder;

(c) promptly notify the Noteholders of any fact, circumstance or development
which may affect the rights, interest or entitlements of the Noteholders or
any of them; and

(d) subject to the other provisions of the Agreement, and all the documents
contemplated thereunder, act in accordance with any instructions in writing
from the Majority Noteholders.

4.2. The Agent and the Security Trustee shall be entitled to:-

(a) unless otherwise specified in the Agreement … refrain from exercising any
right, power or discretion vested in them under any of the Agreement … until
they have received instructions from the Majority Noteholders as to whether
(and, if it is to be, the way in which) it is to be exercised and shall in all
cases be fully protected when acting, or (if so instructed) refraining from
acting, in accordance with instructions from the Majority Noteholders;

(b) refrain from doing anything which would or might in its opinion be
contrary to any law of any relevant jurisdiction … and do anything which is,
in its opinion, necessary to comply with any such law or directive;

(c) refrain from taking any step (or further step) to protect or enforce the
rights of any Noteholder under the Agreement, and all the transactions and
documents contemplated thereunder, until it has been indemnified (or received
confirmation that it will be so indemnified) and/or secured to its reasonable
satisfaction against any and all costs, losses, expenses or liabilities …
except to the extent that they are sustained or incurred as a result of the
negligence or wilful conduct of the Agent and the Security Trustee or any of
its personnel or agents; and

(d) without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Agent and the
Security Trustee shall:-

…

(ii) execute and deliver on the Noteholders’ behalf any and all such other
documents or instruments as the Noteholders may specifically approve in
writing relating to the Agreement …

…

(iv) have only those duties, obligations and responsibilities expressly
specified in the Agreement …

…

4.4. With respect to its own participation as a Noteholder, the Agent or the
Security Trustee (as the case may be) shall have the same rights, liabilities
and powers as any other Noteholder under the Agreement, and all the
transactions and documents contemplated thereunder, as though it were not also
acting as agent or security trustee for the Noteholders.

…

121 This document was not signed and was instead appended to the CLN T&Cs,
which in turn applied to the Convertible Loan Note that was issued to the
plaintiff upon the execution of the Investment Agreement. The question that
arises in this regard is whether the ASTD was binding despite the absence of
the plaintiff’s signature on the ASTD. The plaintiff argues that the lack of
signature is fatal to the ASTD’s status as a legally binding document. The
defendants submit that signature was a mere formality and did not preclude the
ASTD from having legally binding effect. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

DCS at paras 43 to 55.

The argument is effectively that there was acceptance of the ASTD by conduct.

(1) Formation of the ASTD

122 I agree with the defendants. The law is clear that acceptance of an offer
need not assume the form of a signature. In Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-
Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank International), Singapore Branch v
Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 63, the Court of Appeal noted that
(at [47]):

47 Of course, the existence of offer and acceptance may be implied from
conduct. The implication of contracts in the absence of direct evidence of an
offer or an acceptance is permissible, because the parties’ conduct may
demonstrate consensus ad idem …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The thrust of the inquiry is whether the offeree’s conduct evinces consensus
ad idem and an intention by the offeree to be bound: see also the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Ang Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim [2010] 3 SLR 179 at [68],
citing M P Furmston, Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract (Oxford
University Press, 15th Ed, 2007) at p 48, and Edwin Peel, Treitel: The Law of
Contract (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para 2-017.

123 It has been evident even in the plaintiff’s conduct in these proceedings
that the plaintiff acted on the basis that there was a relationship of agency.
This much is clear from the manner in which the plaintiff has argued its case,
ie, that the defendants were his agents. It is also consistent with the manner
in which, after executing the Investment Documents, the plaintiff constantly
corresponded with the defendants and received a consistent stream of advice
from them on all matters related to the Chinamall Project. The ASTD pertained
to exactly that. It is an instrument that, for all intents and purposes, was
designed to govern the agency relationship that arose between the parties in
the course of their dealings over the Chinamall Project. This is apparent from
the terms of the ASTD, as reproduced at [120] above. It is also material that
the ASTD was appended to the CLN T&Cs, which suggests a composite contractual
structure involving the Investment Agreement, the Convertible Loan Note, the
CLN T&Cs and the ASTD. There is no evidence that these four instruments were
ever meant to be construed separately.

124 It is arbitrary to refer to a separate alleged oral agreement (ie, the
Agency Agreement) as governing the agency relationship, when there is an
express document (the ASTD) to this effect. It is rather inconceivable in my
view that the parties would have agreed to govern their relationship using
uncertain, amorphous and unwritten terms in some alleged oral agreement when a
clear written document designed precisely to govern the said relationship
exists.

125 The various points that the defendants raise in written closing
submissions are also relevant: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCS at paras 44 to 48.

(a) The plaintiff was provided with the ASTD as early as 25 November 2013,
along with the Chinamall Project Draft Documentation. He did not protest then
or at any time thereafter, until the commencement of the present suit.

(b) The plaintiff subscribed for the Convertible Loan Note, which was governed
by the CLN T&Cs. Clause 11.1 of the CLN T&Cs obliges the plaintiff to execute
the ASTD. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

1AB at p 215.

(c) The plaintiff’s contemporaneous conduct after subscribing for the
Convertible Loan Note is consistent with him knowing that he was obliged to
execute the ASTD.

126 It is also relevant that the defendants have given evidence that a similar
contractual document governed the agency relationship as regards the
plaintiff’s investment in the Yang Kee Deal (see [10] above). In this deal, as
mentioned, the defendants likewise acted as the plaintiff’s agents. The
plaintiff has not rebutted the evidence suggesting that the arrangement with
respect to the Chinamall Project by and large mirrored that parties’
arrangement for the Yang Kee Deal, ie, that the defendants were the middlemen
who facilitated the plaintiff’s investment and the agents who kept the
plaintiff apprised of the status of his investment. It is also reasonable to
infer that it was the success of the Yang Kee Deal, and the plaintiff’s
satisfaction with the defendants’ involvement in the same, that led him to
agreeing to the defendants acting on his behalf, in a similar if not identical
capacity, in respect of the investment in the Chinamall Project. The entire
course of dealing between the parties paints a clear and logical picture.

127 To be clear, the defendants are not relying on the Yang Kee Deal as
similar fact evidence and are not engaging in reasoning by propensity. In
other words, they are not arguing that just because the plaintiff entered into
a similar instrument in the Yang Kee Deal, he must have entered into the ASTD.
The defendants simply point to the Yang Kee Deal to demonstrate a course of
dealing that informs the court of the plaintiff’s state of mind during the
course of his investment in the Chinamall Project. The Yang Kee Deal is
relevant, and in fact pertinent, because it demonstrates the manner in which
the plaintiff and the defendants have conducted their contractual dealings. It
is also, in any event, not the only piece of evidence the defendants rely on
in proving that the plaintiff entered into the ASTD.

128 Finally, it bears mention that the plaintiff relies heavily on the Term
Sheet in his arguments against the defendants. By his own case, the Term Sheet
is relevant and pertinent. The Term Sheet was provided to the plaintiff at an
early juncture, on or about 21 November 2013. Crucially, the Term Sheet states
that the “Form of Documentation” for the investment in the Chinamall Project
would involve “d) Security Agent/ Trustee Agreement”, ie, the ASTD (see [13]
above). The Term Sheet also alludes to the composite contractual structure I
have mentioned at [123] above. These fortify my conclusion that the
plaintiff’s entire course of conduct is consistent with him knowing of the
existence of the ASTD and acting on the basis of this agreement.

129 It is hence my view that the plaintiff had, by way of his conduct,
accepted the ASTD. The ASTD and its terms governed the relationship of agency
between the parties.

(2) Discharge of the ASTD

130 Another question that arises is whether, and if so when, the ASTD was
discharged by virtue of the discharge of the Investment Agreement. I note that
the plaintiff does not raise this point, given that he advances the case that
the ASTD was never binding in the first place. It is nevertheless a point that
warrants consideration for completeness.

131 In my view, the ASTD was discharged alongside the Investment Agreement due
to the operation of the Trust Deed. The defendants note in the Defence that
clause 10 of the Trust Deed is an entire agreement clause that purports to
supersede “all prior negotiations, representations, agreements and
understandings”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Defence at para 54A(b).

This term is rather clear on its face. The plaintiff agreed to this term by
signing the Trust Deed. Accordingly, the contractual duties owed by the
defendants to the plaintiff in the ASTD ceased to exist on 20 November 2014
when the Trust Deed was executed. That is of course not to say that all duties
ceased to be owed by the defendants to the plaintiff upon discharge of the
ASTD; I elaborate on this in the section on “The duties owed by the
defendants” at [144] onwards.

132 Critically, there is also no evidence of new terms being negotiated in
relation to the relationship of agency. While the plaintiff alleges the
existence of the Agency Agreement, the evidence in this regard is scant.

The alleged “Agency Agreement”

133 As noted, the plaintiff avers that there exists an express or implied
Agency Agreement between the plaintiff and the first defendant. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

SoC at para 45.

But aside from pleading the terms to be implied into this agreement (for which
the plaintiff could provide no contemporaneous evidence), the plaintiff could
offer few, if any, details on the specifics of the agreement, and certainly no
evidence demonstrating its formation.

134 The timing of formation of the alleged Agency Agreement was never
canvassed clearly in the plaintiff’s case. The suggestion is that there was
offer and acceptance when the plaintiff “agreed to the 1st Defendant’s offer
for it to act as… agent”, pursuant to the 19 November 2013 email and the Term
Sheet. However, as mentioned, the Term Sheet clearly references the ASTD (see
[128] above). I do not believe that there was an offer made by the defendants
that was accepted at that juncture. The offer and acceptance only arose when
the Investment Agreement was executed, and the Convertible Loan Note was
issued.

135 Accordingly, and in the light of my discussion on the significance of the
ASTD and the parties’ conduct pursuant to it, I do not accept that there was a
separate oral agreement in the form of the Agency Agreement as pleaded by the
plaintiff.

Other relevant instruments and the parties’ conduct

136 As earlier alluded to, the Trust Deed is also relevant in defining the
agency relationship between the parties, given that it created the investment
structure as set out at [74]–[75] above, and resulted in the superseding of
the ASTD (see [131] above). On its face, the Trust Deed would suggest that the
first defendant stood not just as agent in the sense explained in the
preceding paragraphs, but also, at the very least, as bare trustee vis-à-vis
the plaintiff, ie, a trustee that held the US$1.6m loan (a chose in action, or
a putative one at the very least) on trust for the plaintiff.

137 However, this is not the plaintiff’s case. The plaintiff’s case hinges
entirely on the Agency Agreement. The plaintiff has not pleaded that any trust
relationship arose in respect of the Trust Deed. As explained below, this
impacts the analysis on the relevant duties that arose on the part of the
defendants.

138 I also highlight at this point that even after the discharge of the ASTD,
the defendants continued acting for the plaintiff in the Chinamall Project.
The defendants continued to liaise with the relevant stakeholders and
maintained constant correspondence with the plaintiff. Relevant examples of
this include:

(a) on 27 November 2014, when the second defendant clarified the issue of the
accrual of interest after the initial maturity date of the investment; 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

1PBAEIC at p 107, para 109.

(b) on 28 November 2014, when the second defendant provided updates on the
Mall and the Chinamall Project; 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

1PBAEIC at p 109, para 113.

and

(c) on 20 April 2015, when the defendants explained that Midas was unable to
repay its investors at that juncture because funds were still required to
renovate the Mall, build a slip road leading to the Mall, and acquire the
remaining units in the Mall. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Statement of Claim at para 38.

139 These show that the defendants maintained the same manner of dealing with
the plaintiff, and that their advisor-advisee relationship did not
significantly change even after the discharge of the ASTD. Such conduct has
the consequence that the defendants remained bound by certain duties, given
that they continued acting for the plaintiff as, in a loose sense,
“gratuitous” agents. I elaborate in the next section on what exactly these
subsisting duties were.

Conclusion: the scope of the defendants’ authority to act for the plaintiff

140 From the relevant instruments and conduct scrutinised, it may be said that
the defendants’ authority was primarily limited to dispensing advice to the
plaintiff and providing timely information on the status of his investment in
the Chinamall Project. This much is clear from the terms of the ASTD. The
defendants continued to do so even after the discharge of the ASTD, and the
plaintiff was content for the defendants to possess such authority at that
point in time. In other words, the defendants possessed the authority,
throughout the parties’ dealings, to determine what advice and information
they would provide to the plaintiff, and when this advice and information
would be provided.

141 The defendants’ authority also extended to being able to contract on or
behalf of the plaintiff, but only in limited circumstances. The defendants
stand by the position, with which I agree, that the first defendant was
“empowered under the terms of the ASTD to bind all the Noteholders to a
certain course of action as long as it had the consent of the Majority”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DCS at paras 65 and 66.

This is pursuant to clause 4.2(a) of the ASTD (see [120] above). The first
defendant was accordingly “contractually empowered to bind the [p]laintiff to
a change in the structure of the investments as long as it had the consent of
the Majority”. This authority subsisted during the duration of the ASTD, and
there is no evidence that it survived the ASTD’s discharge (ie, the defendants
did not contract on behalf of the plaintiff and there is no evidence that the
plaintiff would have consented to them doing so).

142 This is consistent with clause 4.2(d)(ii) of the ASTD (see [120] above)
that absent any decision from the majority noteholders, the defendants
required the plaintiff’s “approv[al] in writing” before they could execute and
deliver any documents related to the investment. This clause makes it clear
that outside of the situation contemplated under clause 4.2(a), the defendants
retained no residual discretion and authority to act unilaterally and to
execute documents or contract on behalf of the plaintiff.

143 Having set out the scope of the defendants’ authority, I turn now to
examine the duties they owed to the plaintiff.

The duties owed by the defendants

Fiduciary duties

144 As mentioned, the facts pertaining to the Trust Deed would ordinarily
suggest that the first defendant may have stood as bare trustee vis-à-vis the
plaintiff. If so, the first defendant may have then owed fiduciary duties in
so far as this relationship of trust is concerned. However, the point has not
been pleaded. The plaintiff’s case on fiduciary duties arising hinges entirely
on the alleged Agency Agreement and the defendants “acting as agent for and on
behalf of the plaintiff”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

SoC at para 49.

As such, I will not engage in a trust analysis, and will not consider whether
fiduciary duties arose on the part of the first defendant with reference to
the Trust Deed. Instead, I confine my analysis to the Agency Agreement, the
ASTD and the other facts pleaded by the plaintiff, and whether these were
sufficient to give rise to fiduciary duties.

145 I noted earlier that the defendants were able to contract for and on
behalf of the plaintiff in a narrow context, specifically where they have the
consent of the majority of investors to do so. If the first defendant did
exercise this power, such exercise would have to be scrutinised according to
the principles laid down in the law on fiduciaries. However, the defendants
make it clear that they never exercised this power and are not relying on it
to make their case. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DCS at para 66.

I agree. It is clear from the facts canvassed earlier that the plaintiff still
reserved the final say on each critical decision in the course of his dealings
with the defendants. The plaintiff chose to make the investment in the
Chinamall Project according to the terms of the Investment Agreement and was
issued the Convertible Loan Note as a result. The plaintiff then agreed to the
terms of the Trust Deed and signed that instrument. After the discharge of the
ASTD, the defendants also did not contract for or on behalf of the plaintiff.
All of these show that the defendants did not contract on behalf of the
plaintiff at any point in time. In this respect, the issue of fiduciary duties
does not arise.

146 That said, I accept that the defendants owed fiduciary duties in the
context of dispensing advice. That was the nature of the agreement between the
parties. The defendants were engaged by the plaintiff to advise the plaintiff
on the various aspects of his investment, and were given the authority to, at
their discretion, provide timely and accurate information. This much is clear
from the terms of the ASTD, and from the correspondence exchanged between the
second defendant and the plaintiff (via Ms Tiolani). The defendants
accordingly had discretion and latitude in determining when to dispense
advice, and what advice to dispense to the plaintiff. In this respect, they
owed fiduciary duties to provide advice loyally and in good faith, with the
plaintiff’s best interests in mind given the prevailing circumstances. This
was the extent of judgment and discretion that the defendants had to apply in
performing their roles as agents of the plaintiff.

147 These fiduciary duties extended to the manner in which the defendants
facilitated the execution of the Chinamall Project whilst advising the
plaintiff. In other words, the defendants had a fiduciary duty to ensure that
the plaintiff’s interests were generally looked after in the course of the
Chinamall Project. While not the direct purport of the ASTD, this is a duty
that necessarily must arise given the context. As is evident from how things
transpired, the defendants, being the parties that directly contracted with
Midas (under the Investment Agreement and subsequently in the 26 July 2014
MOA), were empowered to make key decisions that would affect the positions of
the investors that they advised, including the plaintiff. A key example is how
the defendants were able to discharge the Security Documents without the
plaintiff’s prior authorisation.

148 I do not accept the defendants’ argument that because the ASTD does not
expressly contemplate the defendants dispensing advice on the merits of the
plaintiff’s investment, the defendants are precluded from owing fiduciary
duties to the plaintiff to look after his substantive interests. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at paras 102 to 104.

As a matter of common sense, the defendants must have owed such duties, given
that they stood in a position where they were able to control the type of
information that reached the plaintiff, and were able to dispense advice to
that effect. As a matter of fact, the advice dispensed by the second defendant
did bear shades of substantive advice on the merits of the investment. For
example, the second defendant made substantive comments on the “fast
turnaround” nature of the project, and advised the plaintiff on the value of
the Mall and its potential as security in the context of the First
Representation (I will address shortly why I am persuaded that this
representation was made; see [178]–[180] below). Having actually dispensed
such advice to the plaintiff, the defendants stood in a position of ascendancy
over the plaintiff. Having taken the defendants’ advice, the plaintiff clearly
reposed trust and confidence in them. The defendants cannot now say that they
were not obliged to act with the plaintiff’s interests in mind.

149 The fundamental contours of the defendants’ fiduciary duties may be
discerned from the literature and jurisprudence. First, the defendants had to
subordinate their personal interests to the plaintiff’s in matters connected
to the dispensing of advice to the plaintiff (see The Law of Agency at para
07.031). The defendants would also have been expected to perform their
advisory tasks on the best terms available to the plaintiff in the
circumstances (The Law of Agency at para 07.032). The defendants also must not
place themselves in a position where their duty to the plaintiff might
conflict with their personal interests (The Law of Agency at para 07.042,
citing Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon
Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109).

150 Crucially, the scope of these duties was modified by the terms of the
ASTD. As noted earlier, fiduciary duties can be contractually altered (see
[94] above). The defendants point to two such modifications in closing
submissions. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

DCS at para 81.

151 First, the ASTD at clause 4.2(a) (see [120] above) permits the first
defendant to act on the instructions of majority noteholders. This in my view
means that the defendants were in a position where they had to consider the
interests of the noteholders as a whole, and in turn the viability of the
Chinamall Project in its totality. The defendants were not obliged to prefer
the plaintiff’s interests over the interests of the collective. The
plaintiff’s “best interests” must be viewed in this light; they do not
supersede the defendants’ discretion to act in what they believed to be the
best interests of the collective. This much was conceded by the plaintiff in
cross-examination. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, page 110, lines 20 to 25.

In this sense, there was a multi-partite relationship that the defendants had
to manage. This is an extremely important point that informs several of my
findings below.

152 Second, the ASTD at clause 4.4 (see [120] above) permits the first
defendant to exercise rights as a noteholder as though it was not an agent.
The defendants’ argument is that this allows the first defendant to “prefer
its own interests over those of the [p]laintiff or other Noteholders”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DCS at para 81(b).

In my view, this argument proves too much. I do not accept that clause 4.4
allows the defendants’ interests to wholly supersede the interests of the
noteholders. That would defeat the very purpose of the agency arrangement and
the defendants’ facilitative and advisory role in the investment. I accept, at
best, that the defendants were allowed to construe their interests alongside
the interests of the investors, with a view to making the investment in the
Chinamall Project profitable for all. After all, the defendants stood to gain
if the investments bore fruit (in terms of commissions and also the direct
investments the defendants themselves made in the Chinamall Project). The
focus is whether the defendants acted to further all the stakeholders’
interests, by striving for the success of the Chinamall Project.

153 I add that the discharge of the ASTD had no bearing on the existence of
fiduciary duties owed by the defendants. While the fiduciary duties, as
evident from my analysis, arose primarily from the defendants’ advisory role
vis-à-vis the plaintiff, which in turn was circumscribed by limitations set
out in the ASTD, the defendants did not cease their provision of updates and
advice to the plaintiff after the termination of the ASTD. There was
substantive correspondence exchanged thereafter, as mentioned at [138] above.
As a result, the defendants still stood in a position of ascendancy vis-à-vis
the plaintiff and could exercise their discretion in dispensing advice to the
plaintiff. The defendants accordingly remained bound by certain fiduciary
duties as I have delineated above throughout the course of their dealings with
the plaintiff.

154 I also consider the modifications imposed by the ASTD to the defendants’
fiduciary duties to have persisted even after the discharge of the ASTD. These
modifications pertain primarily to the defendants having to look after the
collective’s interests (ie, all investors in the Chinamall Project), instead
of preferring one investor’s interests over another’s. After the Conversion
and the consequent discharge of the ASTD, the investments in the Chinamall
Project very much retained the same complexion and remained a multi-party
endeavour. It still involved multiple investors, including the plaintiff and
the defendants. The understanding of the parties as set out in the ASTD never
changed; all that changed was the formal discharge of a contractual document
(the ASTD). In other words, the trust and confidence reposed in the defendants
by the plaintiff, as influenced by the contours of the Trust Deed which the
plaintiff signed, was in the context of an arrangement involving multiple
investors. Accordingly, I am of the view that the defendants retained the
discretion to act in what they believed to be the best interests of the
collective, and in so far as they acted to further the success of the
Chinamall Project in a bona fide manner, they would not have breached their
fiduciary duties, the nature of which I have set out above.

Contractual duties as agent

155 Based on the plaintiff’s pleadings, the alleged “duties as agent” comprise
the following contractual duties:

(a) a duty to act in accordance with the plaintiff’s instructions;

(b) duties of reasonable skill, care and diligence;

(c) a duty to provide timely information and advice;

(d) a duty to take all reasonable steps to protect the plaintiff’s interest
and/or investment in the Chinamall Project;

(e) a duty of no-conflict; and

(f) a duty of good faith to act in the best interests of the plaintiff.

156 The plaintiff’s case is that these terms are to be implied into the Agency
Agreement. A problem with this argument is that I have found that the alleged
Agency Agreement does not exist; instead, I have found the relevant
contractual instrument between the parties to be the ASTD (prior to its
discharge). Accordingly, to construe the plaintiff’s pleadings very strictly,
there is no longer any Agency Agreement for the pleaded terms to be implied
into.

157 That said, I consider the essence of the plaintiff’s argument to be that
the relevant pleaded terms should be implied into any contractual instrument
governing the parties’ agency relationship. This would be the ASTD, and the
question then is whether the plaintiff’s pleaded terms may be implied into the
ASTD. The implication of terms, in any case, involves an application of law
and an exercise performed by the court; in so far as the facts that would give
rise to such implication have been pleaded (which they have), the court can
consider whether the relevant terms may be implied into the ASTD instead of
the Agency Agreement.

158 There is no need to imply the terms reproduced at [155(a)] and [155(c)]
above. These terms have been in substance encapsulated in the terms of the
ASTD, as reproduced at [120] above (specifically clauses 4.1 and 4.2(d)(ii)).
There is also no need to imply the terms reproduced at [155(e)] and [155(f)].
These arise as fiduciary duties by operation of equity, as explained at [146]
above.

159 There is no material difference between the terms stated at [155(b)] and
[155(d)]. These are, in substance, obligations of reasonable skill, care and
diligence that the defendants must observe in dispensing advice and providing
timely updates to the plaintiff. Such a term is not contained in the ASTD
expressly. In my view, such a term ought to be implied into the ASTD. This has
been recognised as a general duty of agents and may exist expressly or
impliedly in contract (see The Law of Agency at para 07.013).

160 I note the existence of clause 4.2(d)(iv) of the ASTD, which appears to be
an entire agreement clause (see [120] above). This clause, however, does not
preclude the implication of terms necessary for business efficacy, which are
intrinsic to the contract, but exclude only terms extrinsic to the contract.
This distinction between intrinsic and extrinsic implied terms was considered
by the High Court in Singapore Rifle Association v Singapore Shooting
Association and others [2019] SGHC 13 (“Singapore Rifle Association”). In
Singapore Rifle Association, Pang JC (as he then was) considered an entire
agreement clause, which reads (at [132]):

15\. Entire Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with
respect to the matters dealt with in this Agreement and supersedes and cancels
in all respects all previous agreements and undertakings, if any, between the
Parties, whether written or oral. Each Party acknowledges that, in entering
into this Agreement, it does not do so on the basis of, and does not rely on,
any representation, warranty or other provision except as expressly provided
herein, and all conditions, warranties or other terms implied by statute or
common law are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.

161 The court noted the distinction between intrinsic implied terms and
extrinsic implied terms, citing at [139] the English Court of Appeal’s
decision in Axa Sun Life Services Plc v Campbell Martin Ltd [2011] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 1, and the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities
Pte Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 (“Ng Giap Hon”). Based on these authorities, Pang
JC opined (at [140]):

140 The following principles may be derived from the foregoing cases:

(a) Terms implied in order to give business efficacy to an agreement are
intrinsic to the agreement.

(b) They would therefore not be precluded by an entire agreement clause which
merely excludes matters extrinsic to the written agreement.

(c) Nevertheless, since the effect of an entire agreement clause ultimately
turns on the proper construction of the actual words used in the clause, it
may still be possible for intrinsic implied terms to be excluded if there are
clear and unambiguous words which expressly and specifically exclude such
implied terms.

162 The court in Singapore Rifle Association also expressly cited portions of
the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ng Giap Hon, and reproduced the following
material parts of that Judgment (at [136]):

136 The Court of Appeal then went on to make the following observations (at
[31]–[32]):

However, we would also pause to observe that, even if there is no reference to
implied terms in an entire agreement clause, it is arguable that the presence
of such a clause in a contract would not, as a matter of general principle,
exclude the implication of terms into that contract for several reasons.
First, an implied term, by its very nature (as an implied term), would not, ex
hypothesi, have been in the contemplation of the contracting parties to begin
with when they entered into the contract. Secondly, if a term were implied on,
so to speak, a “broader” basis “in law” (as opposed to on a “narrower” basis
“in fact”), it would follow, a fortiori, that such a term would not have been
in the contemplation of the parties for, as we shall see below (at [38]), a
term which is implied “in law” (unlike a term which is implied “in fact”) is
not premised on the presumed intention of the contracting parties as such.
Thirdly, it is clearly established law that a term cannot be implied if it is
inconsistent with an express term of the contract concerned. This principle
is, of course, both logical as well as commonsensical. Finally, as pointed out
by Nigel Teare QC (sitting as a deputy judge of the English High Court) in
Exxonmobil Sales and Supply Corp v Texaco Ltd [2004] 1 All ER (Comm) 435 at
[27]:

It [is] … arguable that where it is necessary to imply a term in order to make
the express terms work such an implied term may not be excluded by [an] entire
agreement clause because it could be said that such a term is to be found in
the document or documents forming part of the contract. [emphasis added]

That having been said, we are not prepared to state that an entire agreement
clause can never exclude the implication of terms into a contract. However,
for an entire agreement clause to have this effect, it would need to express
such effect in clear and unambiguous language.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

163 Here, the term encapsulating the duty of reasonable skill, care and
diligence is a term to be implied based on business efficacy and of necessity.
It is, as per the observations in The Law of Agency (at para 07.013), a
general duty of agents that is to be implied into agreements of this sort.
This stands to reason, given that agents are expected to act with due care in
acting for their principals. This is required for business efficacy, given
that absent such a term, agents may carelessly or recklessly prejudice their
principals’ interests by rendering haphazard and blasé advice, which would
render the agency agreement absurd and unworkable. It is also by no means an
overly onerous duty, as it comports with pre-existing notions of duty of care
under the common law. To this extent, such a term of reasonable skill, care
and diligence may be rightly recognised as a term to be implied in law and not
in fact, ie, it applies to all contracts of this species.

164 Pursuant to the framework espoused in Singapore Rifle Association at
[140], there is also no express and specific language excluding a term of this
nature. I acknowledge that clause 4.2(d)(iv) of the ASTD states that the
defendants “have only those duties, obligations and responsibilities expressly
specified in the Agreement”, and that on one interpretation, this is to the
exclusion of all other duties. However, I echo Pang JC’s sentiments in
Singapore Rifle Association, and the Court of Appeal’s views in Ng Giap Hon:
in particular, the duty of reasonable skill, care and diligence is a term
implied in law. In my view, there are countervailing considerations when
considering terms to be implied in law, which militate against a strict and
inflexible operation of the foundational principle of consent in contract law.
These terms are implied to provide essential and necessary appendages to
contracts that do not expressly contain them. Accordingly, absent very
specific and unambiguous language that expressly excludes terms implied in law
as a category, I do not accept that such terms are excluded by operation of
clause 4.2(d)(iv). I accordingly imply the duty of reasonable skill, care and
diligence into the ASTD.

165 The express terms in the ASTD and the implied term of reasonable skill,
care and diligence subsisted as contractual obligations on the defendants’
part until the termination of the ASTD, ie, on 20 November 2014 when the Trust
Deed was executed. This is the relevant timeframe in which I will consider the
alleged contractual breaches committed by the defendants.

166 There also remains to consider whether similar “duties as agent”
concurrently arose at common law, ie, tortious duties.

Duty of care under the law on negligence

167 An issue with the plaintiff’s case on negligence is that the particulars
relating to the specifics of the duty of care, the standard of care, the
breach of duty, and issues of causation/remoteness have not been set out
clearly. What the plaintiff has pleaded is that such a duty of care exists,
and the plaintiff has also referenced the instances of behaviour of the
defendants that he regards as negligent.

168 Importantly, the defendants do not seem to take issue with the apparent
lack of clarity in the plaintiff’s pleadings. They appear to be willing to
lock horns with the plaintiff on this issue, and instead contend, as a primary
position, that there is no common law duty of care over and above the
contractual duties set out in the ASTD. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

DCS at pp 26 and 27, paras 80 to 83.

The defendants anchor their argument in the fact that “[n]othing in the ASTD
requires [the first defendant] to place [the plaintiff’s] interest over [the
other investors]”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

DCS at p 26, para 81.

They argue, on this basis, that the second defendant is not obliged to look
after the plaintiff’s interest “over and above those of the other
Noteholders”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DCS at p 27, para 82.

169 I do not accept the reasoning behind the defendants’ argument on their
duty of care. The argument is that there is to be equality of treatment in the
contractual context as between all investors in the Chinamall Project. Such
equality of treatment, however, does not mean that there ceases to be duties
owed by the defendants to the plaintiff (or, for that matter, to the other
investors) in common law. I cannot see how the absence of common law duties
follows as a logical conclusion from the mere fact of equality of treatment of
investors under contractual obligations. In some circumstances, a contract
may, subject to the restrictions stipulated in the Unfair Contract Terms Act
(Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed), expressly exclude liability for negligence (see also
Ng Giap Hon at [32]). But the ASTD does not exclude such tortious liability.
Clause 4.2(d)(iv) of the ASTD, for reasons similar to those provided at [164]
above, does not specifically exclude liability for negligence. There is simply
nothing in the ASTD that negates the defendants’ common law duty of care to
the plaintiff.

170 Relevant also is clause 4.2(c) of the ASTD, which states that the
defendants may refrain from acting in the interests of the investors until
they (the defendants) have been indemnified, except to the extent that losses
arise as a result of “negligence or wilful conduct” by the defendants (see
[120] above). This term, construed in context, shows that the defendants’
liability for negligence was contemplated and not excluded. The defendants
remained responsible for any losses occasioned by their own negligence.

171 It is indeed clear that agents standing in the shoes of the defendants owe
a duty of care to their clients, such as the plaintiff, to act reasonably and
to render advice diligently. I have alluded to this earlier: The Law of Agency
describes the duty of skill and care as a general duty that exists on the part
of agents (see [159] above). I have also explained why the imposition of such
a duty is necessary and sound in the context of agents who act in an advisory
capacity (see [163] above). It is thus unnecessary to engage in a detailed
analysis using the Spandeck ([96] supra) framework: it is quite clear that
agents such as the defendants are sufficiently proximate vis-à-vis their
principals, and consequently do, and should, owe their principals a duty of
care to act with due skill, care and diligence.

172 Liability of this sort may often concurrently lie in both contract and
tort, subject to the trite limitations to double recovery (The Law of Agency
at para 07.013, citing Forsikringsaktieselskapet Vesta v Butcher [1988] 3 WLR
565 (“Forsikringsaktieselskapet Vesta”)). I emphasise the observations of the
English Court of Appeal in Forsikringsaktieselskapet Vesta (at p 571):

I start by pointing out that Vesta pleaded its claim against the brokers in
contract and tort. This is but a recognition of what I regard as a clearly
established principle that where under the general law a person owes a duty to
another to exercise reasonable care and skill in some activity, a breach of
that duty gives rise to a claim in tort notwithstanding the fact that the
activity is the subject matter of a contract between them. In such a case the
breach of duty will also be a breach of contract. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

173 That such common law tortious liability coexists with contractual
liability under documents under the ASTD is unobjectionable in principle.
Contract law compensates one for what one was promised; tort law seeks to
compensate for the harm to the individual. These principles coexist. The only
unprincipled outcome the law seeks to prevent is double recovery, and that is
a matter to be dealt with when addressing the issues of loss and quantum, not
liability. There is thus no basis to argue that the defendants did not owe the
plaintiff a duty of care to act reasonably and diligently in their dealings.

174 The defendants’ duty of care under common law arose when they began
advising the plaintiff on the Chinamall Project (in November 2013), and
subsisted throughout the entirety of their dealings, even during the
insolvency of Midas. The ASTD did nothing to negate this duty, and its
discharge certainly had no effect on the duty. More importantly, as explained,
the defendants continued acting for the plaintiff even after the discharge of
the ASTD. They were thus obliged, in so doing, to act with due care.

175 Having set out the attendant duties that arose from the agency
relationship between the parties, I turn now to analyse the plaintiff’s claims
in detail.

My decision on the plaintiff’s various claims

176 I note the lack of organisation in the plaintiff’s written closing
submissions. The plaintiff has levelled multiple disjointed factual
allegations and reproduced facts (albeit relevant) in large bulk without
necessarily drawing the link between these facts and the relevant claims in
the Statement of Claim. It also appears, as pointed out by the defendants in
their written reply submissions, that the plaintiff has not focussed much on
his contractual claims, although it is admittedly unclear whether these claims
have been jettisoned entirely, given the extent and nature of the factual
allegations levelled in the plaintiff’s closing submissions. As such, in my
analysis, I will closely track the claims made by the plaintiff in the
Statement of Claim and structure my analysis accordingly.

The misrepresentation claims

177 As mentioned, the plaintiff’s claims in this regard are twofold: he brings
an action in (a) common law fraudulent misrepresentation; and (b) statutory
misrepresentation under the Misrepresentation Act.

Whether the relevant representations were made

178 As a preliminary matter, I am of the view that the second defendant did
make the relevant representations, as alleged by the plaintiff, during a phone
call on 20 November 2014 (see [36], [61] and [62] above). This phone call must
have occurred. In context, it is clear that the plaintiff had concerns over
the status of his investment, namely the lack of security as suggested by the
absence of any reference to the Security Documents in the Trust Deed. This is
why the plaintiff implored Ms Tiolani to contact the defendants over this
issue on 18 November 2014 via email. Following this, and after the alleged
phone call on 20 November 2014, the plaintiff agreed to sign the Trust Deed.
Ms Tiolani then informed the second defendant of such in her email dated 20
November 2014.

179 As a matter of logic and prudence, something must have happened after 18
November 2014, when the plaintiff voiced his concerns over the lack of
security in the Conversion, and 20 November 2014, when the plaintiff, as per
his unrefuted evidence, agreed to sign the Trust Deed. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

1PBAEIC at p 105, para 103.

There must have been assurance in some way, shape or form provided to the
plaintiff. Otherwise, the plaintiff would not have proceeded with the Trust
Deed arrangement. The only evidence of such assurance is the plaintiff’s
evidence that a phone call occurred to the effect canvassed earlier (see [36]
above). Indeed, Ms Tiolani’s email dated 20 November 2014, which is reproduced
at [37] above, refers to such a phone call, thereby strongly suggesting that
the phone call did occur; the defendants have not explained how this email
reconciles with their denial of the said phone call being made.

180 Thus, on balance, I am persuaded that the said phone call did occur on 20
November 2014. I am also persuaded as to the plaintiff’s account on the
contents of the phone call, specifically that the second defendant made, as a
form of assurance, the two representations pleaded by the plaintiff (see [61]
and [62] above).

181 However, the plaintiff’s claim for misrepresentation is defective on
multiple counts. I address first an obvious and fatal flaw to the plaintiff’s
claims under both the First and Second Representations: they are both
statements pertaining to future events.

Whether the relevant representations implied a factum or faciendum

182 The seminal pronouncement in Singapore on the requirements of an
actionable misrepresentation remains the Court of Appeal’s decision in Tan
Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 (“Raffles
Town Club”). Specifically, the court noted at [21], citing Andrew Phang’s Law
of Contract (Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition) (1998) as follows:

21 … A representation… relates to some existing fact or some past event. It
implies a factum, not a faciendum, and since it contains no element of
futurity it must be distinguished from a statement of intention. An
affirmation of the truth of a fact is different from a promise to do something
in futuro, and produces different legal consequences. This distinction is of
practical importance. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

183 The Court of Appeal’s pronouncement on this point of law has been
reiterated on numerous occasions: see for example Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse
Wen [2013] 1 SLR 1310 at [93], and more recently, Zuraimi bin Mohamed Dahlan
and another v Zulkarnine B Hafiz and another [2020] SGHC 219 at [51]–[52].
There is a crucial distinction between actionable misrepresentations and a
future promise or statement of intention. A claim involving the latter (future
promises or statements of intention) should manifest as a claim in, for
example, breach of contract, and not misrepresentation. The critical question
to be asked would be whether the statement of intention or the alleged future
promise amounts to a binding, enforceable agreement. But what is clear from
the authorities is that such statements involving a “faciendum” and not a
“factum” cannot constitute an actionable misrepresentation. Only false
statements as to present fact can constitute the subject matter of a
misrepresentation claim.

184 Here, both representations clearly involve statements of intention or
statements pertaining to future events:

(a) The First Representation is that the Mall is a valuable mall that can be
sold, and the shareholders paid back if necessary. This was a prospective
statement. The commercial considerations undergirding the exchange in which
the First Representation was purportedly made are important. This was not
simply a statement on the value of the Mall and whether it was a liquid asset
(which, in any event, would not have been a false statement; see [190] below).
In context, this was a statement of assurance that at some point of time in
the future, should the need arise (if, say, the Chinamall Project did not come
to fruition), the Mall can be liquidated, and the proceeds used to repay the
plaintiff and other investors. In any event, this statement cannot be said to
be false because any valuable asset can always be sold; it is always a
question of the sale price offered. If the sale price is lowered enough to be
sufficiently attractive, some buyer will step forward to take advantage of the
low price so as to make a profit subsequently.

(b) The Second Representation was a request for a three-month extension on the
maturity date. This, however, is again a predictive statement that clearly
pertains to an event in the future. It was a request that conveyed, somewhat
impliedly, that with sufficient time, the plaintiff might be able to obtain
returns on his investment. It is therefore a statement contemplating a
possible or probable future event, and not a present certainty. This statement
did not, and could by no means, convert the plaintiff’s commercial investment,
which had inherent risks of failure, into a guaranteed return when given a
three-month time extension.

Thus, in context, these representations constituted nothing more than
statements on future events. They did not constitute false statements as to a
present state of affairs at the time of their making; the plaintiff has not
demonstrated this.

185 Nor did these representations constitute legally binding terms as between
the defendants and the plaintiff. If the plaintiff wanted to ensure that he
would have security for his investment in the form of the Mall (ie, the
subject matter of the First Representation), he ought to have negotiated with
the defendants and stipulated this as a term in the Trust Deed, or demanded
that the defendants include such terms in their agreement with Midas. The
plaintiff did not do so.

186 As for the Second Representation, the defendants rightly point out in
written closing submissions that the plaintiff’s evidence is that he signed
the Trust Deed on 20 November 2014, immediately after the phone call with the
second defendant. At this point in time, there was no agreed fixed maturity
date on the investment. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

DCS at p 34, paras 111 and 112.

This is why, in Ms Tiolani’s email sent the same day, she requested the new
maturity date to be stipulated in writing by the defendants (see [37] above).
The second defendant did not offer any assurance in response. Accordingly, at
the time of the signing of the Trust Deed and even thereafter, the new 28
February 2015 “maturity date” was not a legally binding term. If the plaintiff
had insisted on the parties agreeing to such a term, and if the parties did
agree as such, the plaintiff would have then been able to pursue a cause of
action in breach of contract. But the plaintiff failed to negotiate for such a
term at the time of contract, and he cannot now rely on it.

187 There were also other courses of action available to the plaintiff. Apart
from the possibility of insisting on concrete terms being added to the Trust
Deed, the plaintiff could have refused to sign the Trust Deed, and thereafter
commenced an action claiming that Midas and/or the defendants repudiated the
Investment Agreement and/or Convertible Loan Note to the plaintiff’s
detriment. He chose not to do so. I have alluded to this point earlier. The
plaintiff chose to take into account the prospective statements made by the
plaintiff in the 20 November 2014 phone call, which were not legally binding
statements, and thereafter signed the Trust Deed. He made these decisions
because he wished to persist with his investment, and obtain significant
returns from, inter alia, the 20% interest rate. The plaintiff made these
decisions in his capacity as an investor and businessman; he was no babe in
the woods. The plaintiff’s failure to reserve his legal position has precluded
him of a contractual claim, and this is of his own doing.

188 My analysis above has the consequence that the plaintiff’s claims under
both common law fraudulent misrepresentation and the Misrepresentation Act are
untenable. For completeness, I make several important observations on the
second defendant’s behaviour and whether it was fraudulent in nature, since
this forms the essence of the plaintiff’s allegations.

Whether the second defendant acted fraudulently

189 In my view, there is insufficient evidence that the second defendant
fraudulently made the two pleaded representations. In other words, I do not
accept that the second defendant knew that the facts represented in the
statements he made were false at the time of making, and despite this
proceeded to make the relevant representations.

190 As regards the First Representation, there is no evidence that the Mall
was not a valuable asset. The undisputed evidence is that the Mall was
recently (in the course of the Chinamall Project) transacted for at least
RM100m. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

1PBAEIC at p 102, para 101(a).

There is also no reason to believe that the Mall could not have been
eventually sold as a valuable asset, in satisfaction of the debts owed by
Midas to the first defendant and/or the investors – the plaintiff has not
offered evidence demonstrating this, and, as mentioned, the Mall had in fact
been transacted recently, ie, when Midas purchased the Mall.

191 As for the Second Representation, I am of the view that the second
defendant acted in a bona fide fashion when he made this statement on 20
November 2014. He would have been aware of the impending investment maturity
date (28 November 2014). 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DCS at p 12, para 31.

He was caught in the middle, trying to salvage the situation for all the
investors and to ensure that Midas did not face a fatal insolvency situation
at that point in time. He accordingly requested a three-month extension. The
second defendant was not acting fraudulently, but was simply trying to achieve
a win-win situation for all involved. This much is clear from the following
exchange in cross-examination: 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 45, lines 3 to 23; DCS at p 12, para 32.

Q: I beg to differ that your interests and the plaintiff’s interests were
aligned. But, Mr Yeo, in your evidence that you have given to this court, you
have stated many times that the investors were all only interested in one
thing: when do they get back their investments and the interest; correct? You
have said that many times.

A: Yes, but having --

Q: So, to them --

A: Having a final maturity date doesn't mean they are going to -- guaranteed
can get payment. CHN is not a bank.

Q: Yes. So had the maturity date not been changed, if on that date they were
not repaid, they could have sued Midas, do you agree with me?

A: Yes.

Q: And then your investments, your shareholdings in the company, would go down
the drain. It's as simple as that. Do you agree?

A: Everybody's money will go down [the] drain.

192 The second defendant’s evidence is persuasive, and I found him to be a
credible witness. Counsel for the plaintiff has not been able to identify,
with any precision, why the second defendant should be regarded as having
acted in his own interests to the exclusion of the plaintiff’s (or for that
matter, the interests of all the investors). The second defendant was trying
to make good the Chinamall Project for the benefit of all investors and
himself. It bears reiterating that the defendants had skin in the game as
well; they had invested sums into the Chinamall Project and in Midas for the
purpose of keeping the Chinamall Project afloat (see [49]–[50] above). It was
in everybody’s interests for the project to succeed. With this context in
mind, I am persuaded that the second defendant had simply conveyed to the
plaintiff what was, to him, reasonable in the circumstances. He was providing
an opinion on what was, in his view, a realistic subsequent maturity date for
the investment, ie, a time frame in which the Chinamall Project could possibly
have been made good.

193 This may at first blush appear to run against the grain of what was stated
in the OT Letter (no fixed maturity date; see [31(c)] above). But two points
are relevant. First, on the plaintiff’s case, the second defendant requested
an extension of three months and did not make any firm promise that the
investment would surely mature and come good in three months. Second, it would
have been clear to the plaintiff in the circumstances that the second
defendant was not making any firm implied promise that the plaintiff’s
investment would definitely come good in three months. The OT Letter had been
produced to the plaintiff. The plaintiff would have seen the lack of a fixed
maturity date. This is exactly why he implored Ms Tiolani to obtain the second
defendant’s confirmation on an alternative (the three-month timeframe). He
knew that the Second Representation was not binding. It thus would have been
clear to all involved that at best, the second defendant was conveying a rough
and ready estimate of when the plaintiff would see returns on his investment
if he (the plaintiff) opted to give Midas time to reverse its fortunes with
respect to the Chinamall Project. I am accordingly unpersuaded that the second
defendant made the Second Representation fraudulently.

194 With my discussion as stated above, there is no need to discuss in detail
the other ancillary issues relating to inter alia the issue of reliance on the
relevant representations. I simply note that the defendants have correctly
raised Broadley Construction ([70] supra) – the plaintiff had sight of the
relevant investment contractual instruments, and his conduct as discussed
above reveals that none of the alleged misrepresentations were operative on
his mind. Specifically, the plaintiff knew that the relevant representations
were not binding terms; I have explained this at [185], [186] and [193] above.
Despite the lack of binding terms as a form of assurance/security, and despite
the representations clearly being prospective statements that could by no
means guarantee the success of the Chinamall Project, the plaintiff decided
that the investment was worth the risk. In my view, these circumstances show
that the plaintiff followed through with the signing of the Trust Deed based
on his own commercial judgment. The plaintiff thus cannot be said to have
relied on the alleged misrepresentations.

195 On the several bases indicated above, the plaintiff’s claims under both
common law fraudulent misrepresentation and statutory misrepresentation under
the Misrepresentation Act must fail.

Breach of fiduciary duties

196 As noted earlier, while the agency relationship at present lent itself to
the defendants being able to unilaterally bind the plaintiff and change the
nature of his investment in the Chinamall Project upon consent of the
majority, the defendants did not exercise this power (see [145] and [145]
above). I thus confine my discussion on fiduciary duties to the defendants’
acts of dispensing advice to the plaintiff.

197 I will consider each of the alleged instances of breach, as pleaded in the
Statement of Claim, in turn. These may be broadly grouped into three
categories.

(a) The first category of alleged breaches pertains to the defendants’ acts of
making several key decisions in relation to the Chinamall Project without the
plaintiff’s prior consent.

(b) The second category of alleged breaches pertains to the manner in which
the defendants dispensed advice to the plaintiff.

(c) The third “category” is the plaintiff’s claim that the second defendant
stood in a position of conflict of interest.

The defendants’ key decisions in the Chinamall Project

198 The plaintiff claims that the defendants acted against the plaintiff’s
interests and/or “without any proper or valid reason”. The relevant events
evincing this are:

(a) the Proposed Conversion;

(b) the Conversion;

(c) the discharge of the Security Documents;

(d) the failure to procure alternative security; and

(e) the execution of the OT Letter.

The plaintiff also levels several other allegations such as the first
defendant’s purchase of shares in Midas via the 26 July 2014 MOA being a
breach of fiduciary duty, 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

PCS at para 57.

but these do not feature in the Statement of Claim. I will not consider these
points on breach of fiduciary duty in so far as they have not been pleaded.

199 The Proposed Conversion may be given short shrift. I have already
explained that it is irrelevant given that it was not implemented (see [79]
above). The plaintiff has no persuasive response. The plaintiff also has been
unable to dispute that he was provided with updates on the Proposed
Conversion. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

DCS at para 60.

Likewise, the claim premised on the Conversion holds no water. As explained
earlier, the plaintiff accepted the Conversion and gave informed consent when
he signed the Trust Deed. By extension, the plaintiff’s arguments on the 26
July 2014 MOA are irrelevant. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS at paras 51 to 61.

The plaintiff was not provided with the 26 July 2014 MOA, but was provided
with all the relevant information contained therein via the Trust Deed, the OT
Letter and the correspondence exchanged in late-2014. The non-disclosure of
the 26 July 2014 MOA therefore did not change the parties’ positions; the
plaintiff, regardless, gave his informed consent in signing the Trust Deed.

200 The discharge of the Security Documents requires greater scrutiny. The
defendants do not dispute that they discharged the Security Documents without
the plaintiff’s prior consent and only informed the plaintiff of this
subsequently, in their correspondence pertaining to the Conversion. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 59, lines 12 to 15.

Their case is that the second defendant did so in the interests of all the
investors. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCS at para 63.

201 The second defendant gave evidence that he and the first defendant were
caught in a difficult position. There was a real risk that the Tans would pull
the brakes on the Chinamall Project. Mr Wang Jianguo, who was the purported
driving force behind the Chinamall Project, was away in China. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 11, lines 8 to 18.

In his absence, the Tans took over. The Tans were unhappy that their salaries
had been cut (which was a decision taken in the light of the financial
difficulties that Midas found itself in during the Chinamall Project). 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 60, lines 12 to 25.

As a result, the Tans “showed up at [the second defendant’s] apartment” and
informed him that he had to sign the 18 August 2014 letter (which would
discharge the Security Documents). The Tans informed the second defendant that
if he did not do so, he would be “on [his] own”. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 55, lines 1 to 10.

The second defendant acceded to the Tans’ demand because he “needed [the] Tans
to run [Midas]”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 60, line 12.

The first defendant also put up an indemnity for Mr Tan Chong Whatt,
indemnifying him in the event that the investors commenced a personal action
against him. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 59, lines 17 to 23.

202 On balance, I accept the second defendant’s testimony. His evidence paints
a logical picture. First and foremost, the second defendant’s evidence was
consistent throughout trial, and I found him to be a credible witness.
Further, his story adds up, and in my view, there is no other way to explain
why the second defendant did what he did. All of the investors in the
Chinamall Project, the plaintiff and the defendants included, were facing a
perilous situation. If the Tans pulled the plug at that juncture (which
eventually materialised with the insolvency event that Midas faced), everybody
stood to lose their investments. Midas was not performing well financially: it
was “lagging behind” in terms of the Chinamall Project milestones, 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 10 line 23 to page 11 line 1.

and was performing poorly to the extent that all Midas’ directors were not
receiving any salary. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 60, lines 15 to 25.

Conceivably, even if all involved decided to call it quits at that point and
call on the Guarantee and the Share Charge, there was no assurance that these
would have been of value. The best outcome, in the defendants’ view, was to
achieve success in the Chinamall Project, and they needed “everybody to work
collectively together” in order to attain such success and so that “everybody
can get paid”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 60, lines 16 to 18.

This required the cooperation of the Tans, who were issuing threats at that
point.

203 There was also no reason for the defendants to believe that the Chinamall
Project was wholly unviable at that point. The defendants still had the
commitment of all their investors, the Mall presented a valuable asset, and
the Chinamall Project was well and truly underway. The hurdle proved to be the
Tans. The second defendant acted as he thought necessary to surmount this
hurdle. In so doing, he had the interests of the collective, ie, all
investors, in mind, and acted in a bona fide manner.

204 It must be recognised that the discharge of the Security Documents
prejudiced the defendants in the same way that it did the other investors
including the plaintiff. It was not a case that the discharge of the Security
Documents afforded the defendants an extraneous benefit whilst depriving the
investors of their security. The defendants, too, were investors and had skin
in the game. They, too, gave up security. In fact, as pointed out, the first
defendant was placed in an even worse position as it had put up, to its own
detriment, an indemnity in favour of Mr Tan Chong Whatt. The benefit derived
from the defendants acceding to the Tans’ request was a benefit enjoyed by
all: the continued cooperation of the Tans in the Chinamall Project, which was
necessary for the success of the project. The plaintiff has not shown that the
Chinamall Project could have proceeded absent the cooperation of the Tans.

205 I disagree with the plaintiff’s characterisation of the second defendant’s
explanations as an “afterthought”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PCS at para 143.

As mentioned, I found the second defendant to be a credible witness at trial.
The plaintiff further argues that the facts pertaining to the difficulties
with the Tans that the second defendant faced were not pleaded. In a strict
sense, the plaintiff might be correct, in that these facts were not
specifically stated in the defendants’ pleadings. However, I am of the view
that the essence of the defendants’ case has been sufficiently encapsulated in
the Defence; the defendants have pleaded that they acted in the collective
interest, specifically that:

39\. In any event, the Defendants aver in this respect that:

(a) At the material time and under the relevant circumstances in Malaysia,
notwithstanding that it had no duty to do so per se to the Noteholders, the
1st Defendant had acted reasonably and in accordance with the best interests
of all the Noteholders in arranging for the re-documentation of the Aggregate
Investment Sum…

…

64B. In any event, the Defendants aver that their collective investment in CHN
and/or the Chinamall Project far exceeded that of the Plaintiff. …

…

64C. Accordingly, the Defendants aver that, as fellow investors in CHN and/or
the Chinamall Project, their interests and objectives were at all material
times aligned with those of the Plaintiff. The 1st Defendant is also taking
steps to enforce the Shareholder’s Loan Agreement and/or to recover the
Shareholder’s Loans on behalf of the Noteholders …

206 The above excerpts are broad enough, in my view, to encompass specific
facts such as those raised by the second defendant at trial. A party cannot be
expected to plead every single fact in detail. This would render the pleadings
unwieldy and unreadable. The details of the parties’ cases often surface in
their affidavit evidence and in-court testimony. This is unobjectionable. The
“underlying consideration of the law of pleadings”, as stated recently by the
Court of Appeal in Fan Ren Ray and others v Toh Fong Peng and others [2020]
SGCA 117 (“Fan Ren Ray”), is “to prevent surprises arising at trial” (at
[12]). While the court is generally “precluded from deciding on a matter that
the parties themselves have decided not to put into issue” (which, in any
event, is not the case here given that I find the defendants’ pleadings to be
sufficient), a departure from this rule is permitted “where no prejudice is
caused to the other party in the trial” (Fan Ren Ray at [12]). In this
respect, and importantly, the plaintiff had the opportunity to, and did,
cross-examine the second defendant on his evidence. The plaintiff has
therefore not been prejudiced by the mere fact that the minutiae of the
defendants’ case was not expressly stated in the Defence.

207 There is a separate issue, of course, of whether the second defendant
ought to have been candid with the plaintiff about his difficulties with the
Tans. I address this in the next section (see [218] below).

208 The next aspect of the plaintiff’s claim is the defendants’ failure to
provide or procure alternative security for the plaintiff. Several points are
fatal to the plaintiff’s claim. First, the issue of alternative security was
in fact raised between the parties: see the parties’ correspondence as
detailed at [26]–[39] above. After this correspondence, the plaintiff decided
to go ahead with the Conversion. It cannot then be said that the defendants
did not act in the plaintiff’s best interests, given that they had understood
and addressed the plaintiff’s concerns.

209 The plaintiff then points to the First Representation and argues that this
shows that the defendants did not adequately look out for his interests. My
analysis in this respect closely mirrors my discussion on the plaintiff’s
misrepresentation claims, which I will not repeat here. In short, I find that
the second defendant made the First Representation in a bona fide fashion. He
did not act fraudulently and had no reason to believe that the Mall would not
serve as valuable security. The plaintiff’s failure to negotiate and obtain
further security in the course of the Conversion is of his own doing. If the
plaintiff was dissatisfied, he ought not to have signed the Trust Deed. I
accordingly consider there to be no breach of fiduciary duty by the defendants
in this respect; even if there had been a breach due to their failure to
procure further security, that breach would have been waived by the plaintiff
via his acceptance of the Trust Deed in the prevailing circumstances.

210 Finally, as regards the OT Letter, the defendants accept that the “initial
decision to do away with the maturity date was made without the [p]laintiff’s
prior knowledge”. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

DCS at para 72.

They however point out that this was eventually raised to the plaintiff prior
to the plaintiff having signed the Trust Deed.

211 In my view, a key point is that the decision taken by the defendants to do
away with the initial maturity date was a commercially sound one in the
circumstances, and one done bona fide with the collective investors’ interests
at heart. The second defendant gave unrefuted evidence that the Chinamall
Project was not meeting its milestones and therefore a potential event of
default might have arisen (ie, the investors would not have obtained returns
on the promised maturity date). If that occurred, and any one of the investors
decided to call on the default, the entire project would be put in jeopardy
and “[e]verybody’s money will go down [the] drain”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NEs, 21 July 2020, page 45, line 23.

212 This is a somewhat difficult point, because in acting as they did, the
defendants rendered the investments open-ended. All of the investors were in a
position where they were contractually entitled to returns on a fixed date,
and they were then suddenly placed in a drastically different position. This,
on its face, appears to be against the interests of the investors. However, I
believe that the second defendant acted honestly, for reasons which mirror my
analysis on the discharge of the Security Documents above. The defendants
stood to incur the same detriment as the other investors, and they acted as
they did because they genuinely believed it to be in the interests of the
collective (which were aligned) in the long-term. Everybody wanted to see the
Chinamall Project succeed. Accordingly, the defendants acted in good faith and
their conscience was not affected; I see no breach in these circumstances.

213 Alternatively, and if I am wrong on the question of breach, I nonetheless
find that in agreeing to the Trust Deed after being notified of the OT Letter,
the plaintiff waived the defendants’ breach of duty. The defendants correctly
point out that if the plaintiff was in fact under the impression that he was
entitled to call on his investment on 28 November 2014, there would be
correspondence to this effect. However, there is no evidence of such
correspondence. This shows that the plaintiff knew he gave up his contractual
entitlement to the initial maturity date and accepted the state of affairs
created by the OT Letter. The plaintiff made concessions to this effect during
trial. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NEs, 15 July 2020, page 81, lines 13 to 20.

Accordingly, the defendants’ breach, if any, was waived. In these
circumstances, the plaintiff’s claim is unsustainable.

Rendering advice to the plaintiff

214 This category of alleged breaches pertains to the manner in which the
defendants dispensed advice to the plaintiff, and primarily concerns
paragraphs 51(biii) and (bv) of the Statement of Claim. The specific claims
the plaintiff makes in this regard overlap: these are that the defendants
failed to advise the plaintiff to procure alternative security, and instead
advised the plaintiff that no alternative security was required (apart from
the Mall). I address these together.

215 It cannot be said that the defendants were in breach of their duty to act
loyally and in the plaintiff’s best interests simply because they did not
advise the plaintiff to procure further security. It must be asked: what other
security could the plaintiff and the other investors obtain in those
circumstances? The defendants identified the Mall as potential security. The
plaintiff was aware of this, as he was informed as such during the 20 November
2014 phone call. In so acting, the defendants were rendering advice to the
best of their ability and in good faith. It is difficult to see what more the
defendants could have offered given the prevailing circumstances, including
inter alia the Tans’ intransigent position and Midas’ ailing financial health.

216 More importantly, the plaintiff, as a businessman, was sufficiently aware
of his predicament and there was no need for the defendants to dispense more
advice than they did. I stress again that the plaintiff did not insist that
the Mall be contractually stipulated as security. The plaintiff was clearly
aware of the significance of such a contractual stipulation, seeing how he was
concerned by the lack of reference to the Security Documents in the Trust
Deed. The plaintiff did not insist on the contractual stipulation and that was
his doing. There was no further need for the defendants to dispense him any
more advice in this regard; he is an experienced businessman who knows better,
and the defendants were aware of this.

217 In other words, the fact that the plaintiff reposed trust and confidence
in the defendants to dispense good and accurate advice to him does not obviate
the need for him, where clearly sensible, to think for himself and make his
own decisions where necessary. Equity and the law on fiduciaries protect
principals like the plaintiff in circumstances where they are vulnerable, but
equity is not paternalistic and will not intervene when a party clearly has
the capacity and opportunity to take steps to preserve its own position. The
plaintiff could have but did not reserve his own position. In these
circumstances, I do not accept that the defendants had breached their
fiduciary duties to act loyally and in the plaintiff’s best interests.

218 There is a separate critical point. Paragraph 51(b) of the Statement of
Claim (the unilateral discharge of the Security Documents), which falls under
the first category of alleged breaches, is also partly relevant on the issue
of advice. The question is whether the defendants’ failure to timeously
disclose the true circumstances of the Tans’ behaviour and the 18 August 2014
Letter, and to advise the plaintiff on the same, constituted a breach of their
fiduciary duties. Put another way, the question is whether it would have been
in the plaintiff’s best interests for the defendants to have simply placed the
full picture before him and let him make his own decisions at that point as to
whether he wished to proceed with the investment.

219 This presents a difficult issue given that it has to do with the extent to
which equity permits the fiduciary (agent) to determine what would be a
“better” course of action for the principal. Indeed, there is a compelling
argument to be made that fiduciaries in the shoes of the defendants ought to
be obliged to act at all times with full candour and present all relevant
information to the principal, even if such information appears to be minutiae
at first glance.

220 On the unique facts of the present case, I am persuaded that in
withholding from the plaintiff the information on the Tans’ conduct and the 18
August 2014 Letter (or for that matter, the 26 July 2014 MOA), the defendants
did not act in breach of their duty to act loyally and in the investors’ best
interests. This is because the defendants were attempting to balance the
interests of all the investors they advised, as a whole (noting that these
interests were for all and intents and purposes aligned; all the investors
wished to make a profit out of the Chinamall Project). The defendants feared
an “outlier” situation where, despite the agreement of all the other
investors, one investor would decide to withhold consent and call an event of
default on 28 November 2014. If that happened, there would have likely been
little to no chance of anybody recovering their principal investment sum, let
alone any profits. The best possible outcome, in the defendants’ view and as
evinced by their conduct, was for the investors to collectively see the
project through and ride out the storm together. That was the best, if not the
only, chance of all parties involved achieving a positive outcome. The
defendants thus decided that to withhold the information on the Tans’ conduct
and the 18 August 2014 Letter/26 July 2014 MOA would be in the collective’s
best interests.

221 I emphasise, also, that while the defendants may have been somewhat
economical with the truth in the limited sense indicated above, they did not
convey falsehoods. The reasons they did provide for the Proposed Conversion
and the Conversion (such as compliance with Malaysia’s legislative provisions)
were valid; the plaintiff has not shown that the defendants were dishonest in
this regard.

222 In the light of the foregoing circumstances, I do not accept that the
defendants breached their duty to act loyally and in the investors’ interests.
I stress that my observations on this particular issue are limited to the
unique facts of the present case, as informed by the multipartite relationship
formed between Midas, the defendants, the plaintiff and the other investors.
Importantly, the plaintiff was aware of this arrangement, ie, that there were
more than a dozen investors involved, when he agreed to the Trust Deed. He was
thus cognisant of the collective interests at stake. This unique factual
matrix, in my view, resolves in favour of the defendants.

Conflict of interest

223 I now consider the plaintiff’s argument that the defendants were in a
position of conflict by virtue of the second director being a director in
Midas. The plaintiff’s own position is that the second defendant’s appointment
as a director of the Midas was “solely for the purposes of safeguarding the
interest of the investors of the Chinamall Project”. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PCS at para 10.

It was a role intended for the second defendant to have oversight, and for him
to monitor “all financial corporate governance matters of Midas”. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PCS at para 10.

224 This premise is critical. In my view, it puts paid to the plaintiff’s
contention that the second defendant was in a position of conflict. By the
plaintiff’s own admission, the appointment of the second defendant as a
director of Midas was aligned with the investors’ interests. I accordingly do
not see how this can in any sense be described as a position where the second
defendant was conflicted. In acting (as he was obliged to) in the best
interests of Midas and ensuring that Midas remained a going concern in order
to successfully execute the Chinamall Project, the second defendant would have
been acting in the investors’ interests. It must be borne in mind that Midas
was always intended to be a special purpose vehicle to be used for the purpose
of the Chinamall Project (see [9] above). Midas’ interests were thus fully
aligned with the investors’ interests. I can see no conflict.

225 The plaintiff has not shed any further light on this or shown how its
claim can be viable. The plaintiff, in written closing submissions, reproduces
a lengthy excerpt from Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and
others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal [2009] 3
SLR(R) 109, without elaborating further. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

PCS at para 104.

This does not aid his case on conflict of interest. The case simply restates
the rule that a fiduciary cannot place himself in a position where there is a
possibility of conflict, which is trite and undisputed.

226 To my mind, the only scenario where a possibility of conflict would have
arisen was if Midas decided to pull the plug on the Chinamall Project, to the
detriment of the investors, and the second defendant was aware of and on board
with this. But in so far as the collective understanding all along was to see
the Chinamall Project through to fruition, there was no possibility of
conflict on the second defendant’s part.

227 When Midas did eventually capitulate, this was unbeknownst to the
defendants. The second defendant has given unchallenged evidence that the Tans
surreptitiously took over control of Midas prior to the winding up of Midas.
181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, page 41, lines 13 to 25.

This prevented the intended oversight by the second defendant. Mr Tan Chong
Whatt then admitted the RM1.3m debt which landed Midas in liquidation without
the board’s consent. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, page 35 line 18 to page 36 line 3.

When the second defendant discovered this, Midas was in the deep. The second
defendant then made extensive efforts to make good a bad predicament, and
attempted to remedy the situation in the interests of Midas and the investors
– I have canvassed this in detail at [42]–[47] above. All the evidence
suggests that the second defendant acted in a bona fide manner throughout. His
conscience was never affected. He acted at all times for the benefit of the
investors and to keep Midas afloat – these were consonant objectives that did
not require the second defendant to place one side’s interests over the other.

228 For completeness, I also do not consider that the defendants stood in
conflict in the sense that they acted for their own interests to the exclusion
of the plaintiff’s. The defendants were not trying to rescue the Chinamall
Investment for their own sake. They did so for all involved. This is the
second defendant’s consistent evidence. It is also telling that even when
Midas was in deep water, the defendants continued injecting personal funds
into the Chinamall Project and/or Midas with the hope of resuscitating the
project, at their own expense (see [50]–[51] above). This was after the
investors had already made their respective investments, and after the
defendants were made aware of the difficulties Midas was facing. Relevant also
is the indemnity extended by the first defendant to Mr Tan Chong Whatt. This
is demonstrative of good faith on the defendants’ part. As a consequence of
the sums the defendants injected in the Chinamall Project and their attempt to
salvage Midas, the second defendant lost almost all of his life savings.

229 I accordingly reject the plaintiff’s claim that the second defendant stood
in a position of conflict. This contention is wholly without merit.

Breach of contractual duties as agent

230 This claim, as clarified, is primarily contractual. The tortious aspect of
the plaintiff’s claims is considered under the section on “Negligence” below,
from [242] onwards. The plaintiff’s contractual claim for breach of duties as
agent is rooted in the alleged Agency Agreement. For reasons provided earlier,
the Agency Agreement is not the relevant contractual document to scrutinise –
instead, it is the ASTD. In scrutinising the defendants’ conduct, the relevant
timeframe to consider is from the execution of the Investment Documents (28
November 2013) up to the date of discharge of the ASTD (20 November 2014). The
relevant ASTD terms include:

(a) the implied duty of reasonable skill, care and diligence; and

(b) the sub-provisions of clause 4.1 of the ASTD, which are in essence
notification obligations and duties to provide the plaintiff timely
information and advice (see [120] above).

Reasonable skill, care and diligence

231 The particulars of the defendants’ alleged breach of their duty of
reasonable skill, care and diligence are found in the same portions of the
Statement of Claim that concern the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty (see
[197] and [198] above). Relevant, also, is paragraph 50 of the Statement of
Claim, wherein the plaintiff highlights, inter alia:

(a) the defendants’ conduct in sending the 19 November 2013 email, providing
the Term Sheet and making several representations on the nature of the
investment in the Chinamall Project;

(b) the fact that the Term Sheet’s provisions and the defendants’
representations differed from the actual terms of the Investment Agreement.

The plaintiff describes the above as the defendants’ failure to “confirm the
true nature of the Chinamall Project before advising the [p]laintiff on the
same”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Statement of Claim at para 50(c).

232 I have explained that the defendants at all times acted in a bona fide
manner and in the interests of the investors as a whole. This may be evinced
from how the defendants constantly endeavoured to find a workable solution for
the Chinamall Project and took steps to that effect. Of course, acting loyally
and bona fide may not always be readily equated to having acted with due
diligence. The inquiries are different; the key question for the latter is
whether, in doing as they did, the defendants acted as a reasonable agent in
the defendants’ shoes would have (see The Law of Agency at para 07.014 citing
McNair J in Bolam v Friern Hospital Management Committee [1957] 1 WLR 582).
This, inevitably, is a fact-sensitive inquiry (The Law of Agency at para
07.014).

233 The observations in The Law of Agency at paragraph 07.015 are pertinent:
not every error of judgment by an agent will be considered negligent. There
can be no guarantee that absolutely no mistakes will be made by the agent;
there may also well exist more than one reasonable view on an issue or a
decision to be made. Just because the agent makes a decision that eventually
turns out to be to the detriment of the principal does not mean the agent was
negligent (The Law of Agency at paragraph 07.015 citing Maynard v West
Midlands Regional Health Authority [1984] 1 WLR 634). The standard of care is
whether the agent made an error that no reasonably competent member of the
profession would have made (Goh Teh Lee ([97(a)] supra) at [67]). The courts
have also emphasised the need to be slow to approach such matters with the
benefit of hindsight (see JSI Shipping ([97(c)] supra) at [69]).

234 The nature of the particular industry or market that the agent and
principal are dealing in is also relevant; in particular, a more volatile
commercial endeavour will affect the standard of care that the agent is held
to. The observations of Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) in OCBC Securities
([97(b)] supra) at [40] are relevant. The court there noted that industries
like the stock market are “well known to be unpredictable and any
recommendation or advice therefore carries the inherent risk that it may be
wrong”. Lee JC also observed, correctly in my view, that “[t]he fact that a
recommendation turns out to be wrong does not mean it was negligent when it
was given” (at [40]). While the present case does not involve the stock market
per se, the reasoning in OCBC Securities applies mutatis mutandis, in that the
parties here were involved in a commercial investment that bore an inherent
element of risk.

235 With the above in mind, I do not consider that the defendants acted
without reasonable skill, care and diligence. I explain with reference to the
chronology of events.

(a) When the defendants provided the initial information on the Chinamall
Project via email and the Term Sheet, they simply provided whatever
information was available to them at the time. The Investment Agreement turned
out to have different terms. But the defendants provided the draft Investment
Agreement to the plaintiff prior to his making of the investment. The
plaintiff would thus have known of the difference in terms; he is not pleading
non est factum. It cannot be then said that the defendants dispensed
information and advice negligently.

(b) The Proposed Conversion is irrelevant, given that it was not executed. In
any event, it is clear that the defendants simply conveyed the information
they had to the plaintiff. The plaintiff has not shown how the defendants’
conduct could be described as negligent in any sense.

(c) When it came to the Conversion, relevant aspects of the defendants’
conduct include the 20 November 2014 phone call with the plaintiff. In
advising the plaintiff to follow through with the investment and providing
verbal assurance on the value of the Mall, the defendants did not act
negligently. The second defendant, in his judgment, gave advice that he
thought would allow the plaintiff’s (and other investors’) investment to
succeed. I do not find such conduct to be conduct that no other reasonable
advisor in the second defendant’s shoes would have adopted.

(d) As regards all the events stated above, the defendants surely knew that
there was an element of risk involved, and that their advice could by no means
warrant or ensure the success of the plaintiff’s investment. But the plaintiff
must have known this too. The Chinamall Project was a commercial investment
that offered 20% per annum returns with a shorter-than-average maturity date.
There had to be catches and risks in some way, shape or form. This adds an
important and distinct complexion to the defendants’ advice, which reinforces
my views in the preceding sub-paragraphs. With the prevalent risks in mind, I
do not see how the defendants’ conduct and advice could be considered so
wholly unreasonable such that no other investment agent in their shoes would
have acted the same way. The plaintiff has not proven this.

(e) As regards the non-disclosures or late disclosures relating to the 26 July
2014 MOA, the 18 August 2014 Letter, the OT Letter and the discharge of the
Security Documents, I have explained earlier that the defendants acted as they
did because they genuinely believed it to be the best course of action for all
involved. They acted deliberately, not carelessly or negligently. I found the
second defendant’s testimony in this regard credible, and his evidence cogent.
Importantly, I also do not consider these to be decisions that no other agent
in the defendants’ shoes would have reasonably made.

Timely advice and information

236 As regard this set of obligations, as encompassed in clause 4.1 of the
ASTD, I find that the defendants may have been in breach. Specifically, clause
4.1(c) of the ASTD states that the defendants must “promptly notify the
Noteholders of any fact, circumstance or development which may affect the
rights, interest or entitlements of the Noteholders or any of them”.

237 The late disclosures of the OT Letter and the information on the discharge
of the Security Documents are immaterial because they were disclosed before
the plaintiff signed the Trust Deed. I am satisfied, on a commercially
sensible construction of clause 4.1(c), that this key fact precludes liability
on the defendants’ part. The defendants’ disclosure of the OT Letter and
discharge of the Security Documents, while not “prompt” in an absolute sense,
was sufficiently prompt and achieved the purpose of clause 4.1(c), which in my
view is to ensure that the investors could make informed decisions on their
investment.

238 However, the defendants’ non-disclosure of the 26 July 2014 MOA and the 18
August 2014 Letter fell foul of the obligations under clause 4.1 of the ASTD.
The 26 July 2014 MOA and the 18 August 2014 Letter clearly fall under “any
fact, circumstance or development which may affect the rights, interest or
entitlements [of the investors]”. These documents went to the very basis of
the investments and the security that protected the investments. The
defendants ought to have disclosed these documents to the plaintiff.

239 That said, I find that these were technical breaches that did not cause
the plaintiff loss. Similar information, which encapsulated the essence of the
26 July 2014 MOA and the 18 August 2014 Letter, had been disclosed in the
Trust Deed, the OT Letter and the correspondence pursuant to these documents.
By virtue of the disclosure of these documents, the plaintiff was equipped
with sufficient information to make an informed decision, and did make an
informed decision, in signing the Trust Deed.

240 It may be asked, “would the plaintiff had acted differently if the 26 July
2014 MOA and the 18 August 2014 Letter, and the circumstances surrounding
these documents, had been disclosed before the plaintiff signed the Trust
Deed?” Put another way, if the plaintiff had been apprised of the difficulty
that the second defendant experienced with the Tans, would he have chosen to
exit the investment early? The evidence adduced by the parties on this
specific point is scant. In my view, the plaintiff would not have acted
differently. By his own case, the plaintiff trusted the defendants’ judgment
calls. He did not want to be bothered by trivial details and focussed only on
the key aspects of the investment, such as the presence of security. This is
why he asked Ms Tiolani to follow up on the issue of security, and was
satisfied enough, in his own judgment, to proceed to sign the Trust Deed once
the First Representation was made. He trusted the defendants’ judgment for all
other matters. Thus, in the hypothetical scenario where the defendants did
disclose the 26 July 2014 MOA, the 18 August 2014 Letter and the trouble with
the Tans, I am persuaded that, on a balance of probabilities, the plaintiff
would have still proceeded with his investment.

241 Accordingly, even if the defendants fully complied with clause 4.1(c) of
the ASTD, and disclosed the relevant information and documents, the plaintiff
would not have been in any better position. There is accordingly no loss
occasioned by the defendants’ failure to provide timely information in this
respect. I thus dismiss this aspect of the plaintiff’s claim as well.

Negligence

242 I have explained why the defendants owed a duty of care to the plaintiff
to act with reasonable skill, care and diligence in their dealings (see
[167]–[173] above). But that is not the end of the inquiry. The critical
question that follows is whether, by rendering the advice that they did and
taking the various steps in the course of the Chinamall Project, the
defendants breached their duty of care.

243 My analysis in this regard mirrors largely my discussion above on the
contractual duty of reasonable skill, diligence and care, for self-evident
reasons. The principles espoused in case law and in The Law of Agency, as
reproduced at [232]-–[234] above, apply with equal force to common law
negligence and contractual duties of skill, care and diligence. The factors in
the tortious and contractual inquiries are cut from the same cloth. I
accordingly do not consider that the defendants breached their duty of care by
virtue of the events transpiring between 28 November 2013 and 20 November
2014.

244 I also do not accept that the defendants breached their duties thereafter.
Far from it, the defendants went over and above the call of duty. When the
Chinamall Project was taking a turn for the worse, the defendants continued to
liaise with the plaintiff, and attempted to salvage the situation. They did
not pack their bags and abandon the investors. They liaised with all parties
involved, and spared no expense when Midas was at the end of the road and
facing a winding up order (see [42]–[47] above). They also injected their
personal funds into Midas and the Chinamall Project when the tides had already
turned unfavourably.

245 For these reasons, I reject the plaintiff’s claim in negligence.

Dishonest assistance by the second defendant

246 Given that I have found against the plaintiff on all the aforementioned
issues, in particular the issue of fiduciary duties, there is strictly
speaking no need to consider whether the second defendant dishonestly assisted
the first defendant’s various alleged breaches. The doctrine of dishonest
assistance is premised on the defaulting party assisting in a primary wrong,
typically a breach of fiduciary duty. But as explained in the preceding
paragraphs, there is no primary wrong on the first defendant’s part to begin
with.

247 In any event, the element of dishonesty in dishonest assistance would not
be made out. For the reasons provided earlier, I do not believe that the
second defendant’s conscience was affected in any way during his course of
dealing with the plaintiff. He acted at all times in the investors’ collective
best interests and towards the successful completion of the Chinamall Project.

Conclusion

248 I emphasise in closing that I have found the defendants to be credible and
honest parties in their involvement in the Chinamall Project. This is based on
my assessment of the second defendant at trial. In my view, the defendants
acted in a bona fide manner throughout, and were never in cahoots with Midas
and its associates. The defendants put their money where their mouths were by
making direct investments in the Chinamall Project. They acted, at all times,
with the purpose of seeing the project to fruition. Even when the situation
appeared bleak upon the winding up order being made against Midas, the
defendants spared no expense and attempted to redeem what looked to be a lost
cause, albeit to no avail. They also acted, at all times, with the skill, care
and diligence expected of agents in their trade.

249 This case is unfortunate in that there was an ostensible wrongdoing
perpetrated, and consequent losses occasioned, by inter alia Midas’ liquidator
and the Tans; but the defendants cannot be held accountable for a wrong they
did not commit. One must also recognise that investments such as the Chinamall
Project inevitably involve risk; indeed, the high promised returns of about
20% interest per annum were a tell-tale sign of a corresponding risk. The
plaintiff gambled, and it did not pay off. Whilst I sympathise with the
plaintiff’s position in the light of the financial loss he has suffered, the
defendants are not at fault; they, too, suffered loss that was not
insignificant.

250 I therefore dismiss the plaintiff’s claims in their entirety. Unless the
parties wish to be heard on costs, I order costs against the plaintiff in
favour of the defendants to be taxed if not agreed. If the parties wish to be
heard, they are to (a) inform the court of this intention within seven days
from the date of this Judgment and work with the registry in determining a
suitable hearing date; and (b) file, within 14 days from the date of this
Judgment, succinct written submissions on costs limited to 15 pages each
(inclusive of any relevant annexes).

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge of the High Court

Lee Hwee Khiam Anthony and Huineng Clement Chen (Bih Li & Lee LLP) for the
plaintiff;

Siraj Omar SC, Allister Brendan Tan, Teng Po Yew, Joelle Tan (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Feb 2021 (09:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

