Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the general division of the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 183

Criminal Case No 56 of 2019

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BQD  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual offences]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Sexual offences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

BQD

[2021] SGHC 183

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 56 of 2019  
Audrey Lim J  
17–20, 23–27 November 2020; 9–11, 16–19 February, 4 May, 1 June, 21 July 2021

27 July 2021

Audrey Lim J:

Background

1 The Accused (“D”) claimed trial to 15 charges of sexual offences relating to
his biological daughter (“V”) which occurred between 2010 to 2014 when V was
between 10 and 14 years old. V was born in 2000.

2 D and his ex-wife (“N”) have three children, namely V, V’s elder brother
(“B”) and V’s younger sister (“S”). Around 2010, they and their domestic
helper lived in one room in a flat at Yishun (“Yishun Flat”). The Yishun Flat
belonged to D’s brother (“K”) who lived there with his wife and son. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

9/2/21 NE 24–25; 19/2/21 NE 3.

3 Around end of 2010 or early 2011, D and his family moved to Woodlands
(“Woodlands Flat”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

10/2/21 NE 5; 11/2/21 NE 22; 17/2/21 NE 20; 19/2/21 NE 13.

He and N occupied the master bedroom; B had a room of his own; and V, S and
the domestic helper shared a room. Subsequently, D’s relationship with N
deteriorated and they eventually divorced in February or March 2012. N then
stayed in a separate room, whilst D and B slept in another room. V also
frequently slept in D’s room. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

25/11/20 NE 62; 26/11/20 NE 32–33, 60–61; 27/11/20 NE 2, 6–7; 9/2/21 NE 29–30;
11/2/21 NE 24, 30; 17/2/21 NE 21.

When N re-married (one “Z”) in September 2012, they stayed in N’s room at the
Woodlands Flat and subsequently moved to Z’s home (“Bk Batok Flat”) with S. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Prosecution’s Bundle of Documents (“PB”) at p 39 (Z’s Conditioned Statement
dated 24 October 2019) at [3]; 25/11/20 NE 55.

Around end 2012 or early 2013, D, V and B returned to the Yishun Flat and
stayed in the same room that they previously occupied. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

9/2/21 NE 25, 47; 17/2/21 NE 40; 19/2/21 NE 4, 13–14.

4 Around end of 2013, V ran away from the Yishun Flat to stay with N and Z at
the Bk Batok Flat but eventually returned to live with D. At end 2014, V ran
away again to stay with N and Z. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

9/2/21 NE 51–52, 56; 17/2/21 NE 46, 70.

She never returned to live with D and subsequently ceased contact with him.

5 Then on 19 November 2017, V made a police report stating essentially that
she had been sexually abused by D (“First Information Report”). D was arrested
on 21 November 2017.

The Charges

6 The first four charges pertained to incidents at the Yishun Flat between
2010 and 2011 (“Yishun Flat 1st Occasion”):

(1st Charge)

That you [D] sometime in 2010, at [the Yishun Flat], did use criminal force on
a woman then under 14 years of age, namely, [V] (… then 10 years’ old), to
wit, by touching her breasts over her clothes with your hand and rubbing her
vulva with your finger (skin-on-skin), intending to outrage her modesty, and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 354(2) of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”).

(2nd Charge)

That you [D] sometime in 2010, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate with your
finger the vagina of a person then under 14 years of age, namely, [V] (… then
10 years’ old), without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence
under Section 376(2)(a) punishable under Section 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code.

(3rd Charge)

That you [D] on a second occasion in 2010, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate
with your finger the vagina of a person then under 14 years of age, namely,
[V] (… then 10 years’ old), without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 376(2)(a) punishable under Section
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code.

(4th Charge)

That you [D] sometime between 2010 and early 2011, at [the Yishun Flat], did
penetrate with your penis the mouth of a person then under 14 years of age,
namely, [V] (… then 10 years’ old), without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 376(1)(a) punishable under Section
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code.

7 The next three charges pertained to incidents at the Woodlands Flat between
2011 and 2012, as follows:

(5th Charge)

That you [D] sometime between 2011 and early 2012, at [the Woodlands Flat],
did penetrate with your finger the vagina of a person then under 14 years of
age, namely, [V] (… then 11 years’ old), without her consent, and you have
thereby committed an offence under Section 376(2)(a) punishable under Section
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code.

(6th Charge)

That you [D] sometime between 2011 and early 2012, at [the Woodlands Flat],
did penetrate with your penis the mouth of a person then under 14 years of
age, namely, [V] (… then 11 years’ old), without her consent, and you have
thereby committed an offence under Section 376(1)(a) punishable under Section
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code.

(7th Charge)

That you [D] sometime between 2011 and early 2012, at [the Woodlands Flat],
did penetrate with your penis the anus of a person then under 14 years of age,
namely, [V] (… then 11 years’ old), without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 376(1)(a) punishable under Section
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code.

8 The last eight charges pertained to incidents at the Yishun Flat between
2013 and 2014 (“Yishun Flat 2nd Occasion”), as follows:

(8th Charge)

That you [D] sometime in December 2013, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate
with your finger the vagina of a person then under 14 years of age, namely,
[V] (… then 13 years’ old), without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 376(2)(a) punishable under Section
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code.

(9th Charge)

That you [D] sometime in December 2013, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate
with your penis the mouth of a person then under 14 years of age, namely, [V]
(… then 13 years’ old), without her consent, and you have thereby committed an
offence under Section 376(1)(a) punishable under Section 376(4)(b) of the
Penal Code.

(10th Charge)

That you [D] sometime in December 2013, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate
with your penis the anus of a person then under 14 years of age, namely, [V]
(… then 13 years’ old), without her consent, and you have thereby committed an
offence under Section 376(1)(a) punishable under Section 376(4)(b) of the
Penal Code.

(11th Charge)

That you [D] sometime in 2014, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate with your
finger the vagina of [V] (… then 14 years’ old), without her consent, and you
have thereby committed an offence under Section 376(2)(a) punishable under
Section 376(3) of the Penal Code.

(12th Charge)

That you [D] sometime in 2014, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate with your
penis the mouth of [V] (… then 14 years’ old), without her consent, and you
have thereby committed an offence under Section 376(1)(a) punishable under
Section 376(3) of the Penal Code.

(13th Charge)

That you [D] sometime in 2014, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate with your
penis the anus of [V] (… then 14 years’ old), without her consent, and you
have thereby committed an offence under Section 376(1)(a) punishable under
Section 376(3) of the Penal Code.

(14th Charge)

That you [D] on a second occasion in 2014, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate
with your finger the vagina of [V] (… then 14 years’ old), without her
consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 376(2)(a)
punishable under Section 376(3) of the Penal Code.

(15th Charge)

That you [D] on a second occasion in 2014, at [the Yishun Flat], did penetrate
with your penis the anus of [V] (… then 14 years’ old), without her consent,
and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 376(1)(a) punishable
under Section 376(3) of the Penal Code.

9 At the conclusion of the trial, I found that the Prosecution had proved
beyond a reasonable doubt the 2nd to 15th charges and I convicted D on them.
In relation to the 1st charge, I found on the evidence before me, that D had
touched V’s breast (rather than both breasts) in addition to rubbing V’s
vulva, and I amended that charge accordingly. D claimed trial to the amended
1st charge, and I convicted him on the amended charge. I sentenced D to a
total of 29 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

Admissibility of statements

10 In the course of investigations, the following four statements were
recorded from D (“the Statements”) and which were challenged by him: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PB at pp 9, 10–15, 16–20, and 28–32.

(a) A contemporaneous statement recorded on 21 November 2017 at 10.39 am by IO
Jereld Xu (“IO Xu”) (“P28”);

(b) A cautioned statement recorded on 21 November 2017 at 3.30pm pursuant to s
23 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2102 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) by ASP Razali
Razak (“ASP Razak”) (“P31”);

(c) A statement recorded on 23 November 2017 by IO Xu pursuant to s 22 of the
CPC (“P29”);

(d) Another statement recorded on 24 November 2017 by IO Xu pursuant to s 22
of the CPC (“P30”).

An ancillary hearing (“AH”) was thus conducted to determine their
admissibility.

Defence’s case

11 D claimed that he was offered an inducement or promise by Superintendent
Burhanudeen (“Supt Burhan”), IO Xu and/or ASP Razak if he signed the
Statements. He claimed that the Statements were “pre-prepared” and fabricated
and the contents were all untrue. Essentially, he was informed that if he
signed the Statements, he would be granted station bail to take care of B and
his mother (“Mdm An”) who suffered from health issues. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

18/11/20 NE 12, 15–16, 23, 37–39, 43–44, 48.

12 D attested that when he was arrested on 21 November 2017, he was first
interviewed by Supt Burhan in Malay in an interview room. Supt Burhan told D
that he knew what D had done, and told D not to lie and to repent. Supt Burhan
also told D that if he were to confess, he would be given station bail and be
allowed to see his mother. During this time, IO Xu was present. As D was
worried about Mdm An and he wanted to be released on station bail, he agreed
to admit to various acts that V had purportedly alleged against him. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

19/11/20 NE 31–35.

13 Supt Burhan and IO Xu then left the interview room, and IO Xu returned
shortly with a pre-prepared statement (P28), held it in front of D, asked him
a few questions and told him to sign the statement. D did not know the
contents of, and did not read, P28 but he signed it as IO Xu told him that if
he did so he would be released on station bail. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

19/11/20 NE 35–36, 39–42; 20/11/20 NE 25–26, 46, 51–52, 55.

14 To show that P28 was pre-prepared, Mr Shafiq submitted as follows. First,
P28 could not have been recorded within a mere 12 minutes. Second, a word
“A-N” on P28 was crossed out, because IO Xu had intended to write “anal” or
“anus” but cancelled it as he realised that D would not have used such a word
as he does not speak fluent English. IO Xu’s explanation as to how the
amendment came to be made also called into question his credibility. Third,
P28 was recorded in English when IO Xu knew that D preferred to speak in
Malay. Fourth, the contents in P28 (and in P29 and P30) could have been
obtained by IO Xu from Supt Burhan or V whom IO Xu had interviewed the day
before. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

18/11/20 NE 12, 19, 21–23; 24/11/20 NE 9–10, 19–20, 23, 28.

15 In the afternoon of 21 November 2017, ASP Razak met D in the interview room
with a pre-prepared cautioned statement (P31) which he told D to sign. D said
he did not agree with the charge of sexual assault by digital penetration
(which ASP Razak had read out to him) contained in P31, whereupon ASP Razak
informed him that P31 was merely “for acknowledgment in court” and that if he
wanted to obtain station bail he should sign it. ASP Razak spoke to him in
Malay. Mr Shafiq alleged that 20 minutes was too short for ASP Razak to read
the charges to D, make sure that he understood the nature of the charges and
record his statement. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

18/11/20 NE 130; 19/11/20 NE 42–45; 20/11/20 NE 67

16 As for P29, Mr Shafiq alleged that D disagreed with its contents when it
was interpreted to him by the interpreter (“Sapiahtun”), but IO Xu promised
him that if he signed P29 he would be allowed to go on bail and take care of
his mother and B. D alleged that P29 was pre-prepared. He did not provide IO
Xu with, or agree to, the contents of P29. He signed on P29 because IO Xu told
him that he would be released on station bail and go home. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

18/11/20 NE 44, 47; 20/11/20 NE 2–4, 21, 76–77, 107.

17 After a site visit to the Yishun Flat on 24 November 2017 (“the Site
Visit”), D was brought into an interview room at the Police Cantonment
Complex, where he claimed that IO Xu asked him to sign P30 which had been pre-
prepared. D told IO Xu that he did not agree with its contents but IO Xu told
him that if he wanted to obtain bail he had to sign the statement, whereupon
he did so. Mr Shafiq submitted that 70 minutes was insufficient for IO Xu to
pose questions to D, for D to reply in Malay and for Sapiahtun to do the
interpretation. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

18/11/20 NE 39, 79, 88; 20/11/20 NE 20–21, 94, 97.

18 Finally, Mr Shafiq submitted that various indulgences given by IO Xu
throughout the investigative process, such as allowing D to make phone calls
to Mdm An and his girlfriend on 22 November 2017, allowing him to speak to Mdm
An on 23 November 2017 after P29 was recorded, and allowing him to speak to
Mdm An and drink coffee and smoke during the Site Visit, further induced D to
believe that by cooperating with the authorities and signing the Statements,
he would be released on station bail. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

24/11/20 NE 30–31, 48.

Prosecution’s case

19 The Prosecution submitted that the Statements were voluntarily made by D.
IO Xu, ASP Razak and Supt Burhan had denied having made any inducement or
promise of releasing D on bail if he signed the Statements.

20 Supt Burhan was the officer in charge of the team. He had, on 21 November
2017, first interviewed D to assess the case and when D revealed that he had
penetrated V’s vagina with his finger, Supt Burhan then left it to IO Xu to
record a statement and lock down D’s admission. During the interview, Supt
Burhan observed D to be remorseful and appeared forthcoming in his version of
events. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

18/11/20 NE 99, 101–103, 110, 112, 116.

IO Xu stated that although he was present, he did not understand the
conversation between Supt Burhan and D as they were conversing in Malay. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

17/11/20 NE 13.

21 IO Xu attested that after Supt Burhan spoke to D, Supt Burhan told him that
D had made an admission and to record D’s statement. He then tried to obtain a
Malay interpreter but none was available that day. Upon ascertaining from D
that he was comfortable speaking in English, IO Xu proceeded to record P28. IO
Xu also observed that D was able to understand him fairly well in English. IO
Xu conducted the interview by asking D questions and recorded his answers
concurrently. He then read P28 back to D and invited him to sign on it. D gave
his statement voluntarily and IO Xu did not tell him that if he signed P28 he
would be let out on bail or to see his family. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

17/11/20 NE 13–14; 18/11/20 NE 6–11, 15–16, 23; IO Xu’s Conditioned Statement
(24 Oct 2019) at [7].

22 After P28 was recorded, IO Xu sought ASP Razak’s assistance to record the
cautioned statement (P31). ASP Razak testified that he read the charge to D in
Malay and asked him if he wanted to say anything, whereupon D requested ASP
Razak to write his response for him (“D’s Response”). D spoke in Malay and ASP
Razak recorded D’s Response in P31 in English, and thereafter interpreted it
in Malay to D and invited D to make any amendments. D did not do so and ASP
Razak then invited him to sign on P31 which he did. The typewritten portions
of P31 (ie, the charge, notice of warning and acknowledgement) were pre-typed,
but D’s Response was added only after D had asked ASP Razak to write it for
him. ASP Razak denied that he had fabricated D’s Response, that IO Xu had
given him information to pre-prepare D’s Response, or that he had told D to
sign P31 as it was purely administrative or so that D could obtain bail. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PB at pp 25–26 (ASP Razak’s Conditioned Statement at [2]–[7]); 18/11/20 NE
125–126, 132–134.

23 As for P29 and P30, IO Xu stated that the contents were provided by D. D
chose to speak mainly in English, and he would turn to Sapiahtun for
assistance if he did not understand the questions or was unable to explain
himself in English. After the statements were recorded, Sapiahtun read them to
D and invited him to sign the statements. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

17/11/20 NE 18–19, 21–25; 18/11/20 NE 40.

IO Xu denied that the statements were pre-prepared, or that he merely asked D
to sign with the promise that D would be released on bail and see his family.

Applicable principles

24 An accused’s statement is admissible under s 258(1) of the CPC. However, s
258(3) of the CPC renders the statement inadmissible if it was made
involuntarily. In Sulaiman bin Jumari v PP [2021] 1 SLR 557 (“Sulaiman”) at
[39]), the Court of Appeal reaffirmed the two-stage test, namely:

(a) whether objectively there was a threat, inducement or promise (“TIP”) made
to the accused, and having reference to the charge against him; and

(b) whether subjectively, the TIP was such that it would be reasonable for the
accused to think that by making the statement he would gain some advantage or
avoid some adverse consequences in relation to the proceedings against him.

A trivial or vague TIP is not likely to pass the objective standard of the
first stage. Further, the Prosecution bears the burden of proving beyond
reasonable doubt that the statement was made voluntarily (Sulaiman at [36] and
[40]).

25 However, even if an accused’s statement is voluntary, the court can exclude
it if its prejudicial value outweighs its probative value, eg, where there is
lack of language interpretation or procedural flaws in the recording which
cast serious doubts on the accuracy of the statement recorded (Muhammad bin
Kadar and another v PP [2011] 3 SLR 1205 at [53]–[56]).

D’s ability to understand and speak English

26 I first set out my observations of D’s ability to understand and speak
English, as this pertained to his ability to give the statement in P28 in
English or an interview for P29 and P30 mainly in English.

27 I found that D was able to speak and understand English. His highest level
of education was in a vocational institute in which the medium of instruction
was English. During the ancillary hearing, D often responded directly in
English and without waiting for the questions to be interpreted to him. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

19/11/20 NE 23–24, 30; 20/11/20 NE 5, 27–28.

Indeed, D stated that throughout the course of investigations he spoke to IO
Xu in English, and also on 21 November 2017 when IO Xu spoke to him and before
he signed P28. D also communicates with his girlfriend (of six to seven
years), who is from the Philippines, in English. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

19/11/20 NE 35–36, 49; 20/11/20 NE 29.

28 D’s ability to understand and speak English was corroborated by other
witnesses. Apart from IO Xu who observed that D was able to understand him in
ordinary conversation, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

18/11/20 NE 22.

Sapiahtun stated that D spoke mainly in English during the recording of P29
and P30. Dr Lin Hanjie who conducted a medical examination of D on two
occasions on 21 November 2017 attested that they conversed in English and that
D’s proficiency in English was sufficient for Dr Lin to gather the information
that he needed. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

18/11/20 NE 66, 69, 73; 19/11/20 NE 3–4, 6.

I saw no reason to doubt Sapiahtun’s and Dr Lin’s testimony.

Decision on admissibility of statements

29 Next, I found that the Prosecution had proved beyond a reasonable doubt
that the Statements were given voluntarily and not pre-prepared or fabricated
as D claimed. I also found that there was no inducement or promise as claimed
by D, or that any such inducement or promise operated on D’s mind.

D’s version of events

30 I found D’s version of how the Statements came to be was inherently
inconsistent. This is even based on Mr Shafiq’s version put to the Prosecution
witnesses.

31 In cross-examination of IO Xu and ASP Razak, Mr Shafiq first claimed that
the Statements were all pre-prepared and no interviews or conversations took
place with D. In particular, P28 could not have been recorded within 12
minutes; P29 was a lengthy statement that could not have been recorded within
the time mentioned therein; and D’s Response in P31 was pre-prepared before
ASP Razak met with D on 21 November 2017. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

18/11/20 NE 15, 22–23, 38–39, 79, 130–131, 134.

In cross-examination of Sapiahtun (after IO Xu had testified), Mr Shafiq
reiterated that P29 and P30 were “prepared beforehand”. But at the end of
Sapiahtun’s testimony, Mr Shafiq then stated that “pre-prepared” meant that
P28 was written, and P29 and P30 were typed, by IO Xu in D’s presence in the
interview room. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

18/11/20 NE 88–89; 93–96.

32 For P28, D initially claimed in examination-in-chief (“EIC”) that in the
interview room, IO Xu asked him some questions about his family and work, IO
Xu was writing in his presence and when he finished writing he told D to sign
on P28. D claimed that did not know the contents of P28 because IO Xu did not
read it back to him, he also did not read it and he signed it because he
wanted to get out on bail. Subsequently, D stated that IO Xu did not write P28
in his presence but that it was pre-prepared and IO Xu held it up and read
some parts of it to him and then asked him to sign it. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

19/11/20 NE 38–42; 20/11/20 NE 24–26.

However in cross-examination, D then stated that IO Xu did not read P28 to him
before he signed it. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

20/11/20 NE 50, 53

33 Next, D claimed that P29 was pre-prepared, ie, IO Xu and Sapiahtun were in
the interview room before he arrived, he saw P29 on the table and it had been
typed out, that IO Xu did not ask him any questions or take any instructions
from him for the contents of P29, that Sapiahtun merely read P29 to him in
Malay, and that IO Xu then asked him to sign it. Likewise, D initially claimed
that P30 was already typed out when he entered the interview room, which
Sapiahtun straightaway interpreted to him and then IO Xu asked him to sign. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

20/11/20 NE 2–5, 20–21, 76–77.

This was different from Mr Shafiq’s assertion at the end of Sapiahtun’s EIC,
ie, “pre-prepared” meant that IO Xu had typed P29 and P30 in D’s presence. It
was also different from D’s subsequent testimony that he could not recall if
Sapiahtun had read P30 to him. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

20/11/20 NE 110–111.

34 As for P31, D claimed in EIC that ASP Razak had pre-prepared it and just
told him to sign, and that ASP Razak read the charge to him in Malay and he
understood what he was alleged to have done. In cross-examination, D then
claimed that ASP Razak did not read the charge to him but merely told him to
sign and he did so without knowing what he was signing to. D then prevaricated
between claiming that he had read the charge in P31 and denying that he did.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

19/11/20 NE 43–44; 20/11/20 NE 57–60, 104.

35 When asked to explain the inherent inconsistency in his evidence, D claimed
that it had been a very long time and he could not recall the events. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

20/11/20 NE 53, 58, 61–62.

I disbelieved D and found that he took inconsistent positions because he was
making things up.

Supt Burhan’s interview with D

36 Next, I turn to Supt Burhan’s conversation with D shortly after his arrest.
I disbelieved D that Supt Burhan told him that if he confessed to the
wrongdoing, he would be given station bail and be able to see his mother. I
found Supt Burhan to be an honest and a credible witness and accepted his
explanation that he would not have promised D any bail given the circumstances
of the case. He had also not sought to paint D in a bad light, merely
observing that D appeared remorseful when he spoke to D and that whilst he
sympathised with D at the material time, he had to discharge his duty. Supt
Burhan gave a matter-of-fact account of what transpired, which I had no reason
to disbelieve. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

18/11/20 NE 101, 122.

37 I further found D’s allegation, that IO Xu had pre-prepared P28 based on
what Supt Burhan had told him, to be without basis. Also, Mr Shafiq’s case put
to IO Xu was not that P28 was pre-prepared based on information provided by
Supt Burhan but on information taken from V’s statement made to IO Xu. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

18/11/20 NE 122; 24/11/20 NE 10, 103–104.

ASP Razak’s conduct in recording P31

38 I similarly accepted ASP Razak’s testimony that he did not provide any TIP
as D alleged or tell D to just sign P31 as it was purely administrative. I
rejected D’s allegation that ASP Razak had made up D’s Response in P31, based
on what IO Xu had told ASP Razak about the case. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

18/11/20 NE 133.

I found that ASP Razak had no reason to fabricate or pre-prepare P31. He
explained that he was not directly involved in the investigations and did not
know the details of the case, and that his role was merely to record a
cautioned statement from D. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

18/11/20 NE 129, 136.

Mr Shafiq’s claim that the recording of P31 could not have taken a mere 20
minutes was not supported by any independent evidence, and it should be noted
that other than D’s Response, the rest of P31 was pre-typed.

IO Xu’s recording of P28

39 Next, I accepted IO Xu’s account of how P28 came to be recorded, that the
statement was based on D’s account to him and that he did not make any TIP as
D alleged. Mr Shafiq’s claim that P28 could not have been recorded within 12
minutes was unsubstantiated. In court, IO Xu replicated in less than four
minutes what he wrote on P28. He explained that he had written the contents of
P28 concurrently when D was talking to him. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

18/11/20 NE 15.

D’s statement in P28 was also a short paragraph. Hence the recording of P28
could have concluded in 12 minutes, including IO Xu’s questions to D and D’s
reply to him.

40 Mr Shafiq then claimed that the cancelled word in P28 was “A-N” which Xu
had meant to write as “anus” or “anal” but he cancelled it because he realised
that D would not know such a specific term. This showed that IO Xu had
fabricated P28. Mr Shafiq’s assertion in this regard is pure conjecture. It is
unclear what the cancelled word was. Even though IO Xu initially stated that D
had asked him to make the amendment but in court stated that he made the
amendment, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PB at p 2 (IO Xu’s Conditioned Statement) at [7]; 18/11/20 NE 18–19, 21–22.

this did not lead to the conclusion that IO Xu had fabricated P28.

41 Next Mr Shafiq claimed that there was no rush to record P28 as IO Xu could
have waited for a Malay interpreter to be available; as a result D did not
understand what he was signing as P28 was not read back to him. D’s account
was inherently contradictory because in cross-examination he stated that IO Xu
had read parts of P28 to him (see [32] above). I accepted that IO Xu had tried
to obtain a Malay interpreter but to no avail, and he then ascertained that D
could understand and was comfortable speaking in English before he took a
contemporaneous statement from D. Further, the purpose of the contemporaneous
statement was to capture the gist of D’s version of events contemporaneously
and to secure his story before he changed his mind. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

18/11/20 NE 8, 58–60.

IO Xu’s recording of P29 and P30

42 Likewise I accepted that IO Xu had not made any TIP to D, namely that if he
were to sign P29 and P30 he would be allowed to go on bail and take care of
his mother and his son, or that P29 and P30 were pre-prepared or fabricated. I
accepted IO Xu’s testimony that their contents were provided by D. This was
corroborated by Sapiahtun who testified that IO Xu did not pre-prepare any
statements, but had elicited the information for the statements by asking D
questions to which D responded and IO Xu then typed them out. Sapiahtun
attested that D spoke mainly in English during the recording, and that she and
IO Xu did not make any TIP to D. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

18/11/20 NE 66–70, 73, 80, 91–92.

I saw no reason to disbelieve Sapiahtun. D also agreed that Sapiahtun did not
make any promises or inducements to him. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

20/11/20 NE 75–76.

43 Next, the contents of P29 show that they came from D and were not
fabricated or pre-prepared. If IO Xu had wanted to incriminate D for the
offences which V alleged, it was unlikely that he would have recorded denials,
allowed D to qualify his previous statement (P28) or recorded equivocal
answers. For instance, D claimed that Supt Burhan and IO Xu told him to admit
to putting his finger in V’s vagina, yet D denied this in P29 and further
qualified P28. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

19/11/20 NE 34–35; 20/11/20 NE 79; P29 at p 5 (Answers 8, 9 and 10).

Whilst IO Xu had recorded a statement from V on 20 November 2017 (“V’s 1st
Statement”) which stated that D had also put his finger and penis into her
anus, P29 recorded a denial by D of such acts. Further, P29 recorded at
various instances that D could not remember how often certain sexual acts
occurred. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

P29 at p 4 (Answers 1, 2 and 3) and p 6 (Answers 12 and 15).

Pertinently, P29 mentioned that halfway through the statement recording, D
broke down in tears as it was painful to talk about the incidents as he had
wronged his family. In court, D admitted that he had cried because IO Xu kept
accusing him of offences which he did not commit. If P29 was pre-prepared,
this meant that IO Xu was able to predict in advance that D would break down
and cry, which was highly unlikely. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

20/11/20 NE 4, 81–82.

44 I also rejected Mr Shafiq’s suggestion, that the first three and a half
pages of P29 could not have been recorded in 70 minutes, as a pure conjecture.
Both IO Xu and Sapiahtun had testified that D spoke mainly in English during
the recording of P29, hence P29 would have been recorded much quicker as
interpretation was not required for those portions. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

18/11/20 NE 78.

45 Likewise, the contents of P30 showed that it was unlikely that IO Xu would
have fabricated it. D reiterated his denial that he had put his finger into
V’s vagina, which would have been inconsistent with IO Xu wanting him to admit
to this act. D also gave a lengthy explanation as to his marital problems
including details on N’s purported misdeeds. This information could not have
been gleaned from V’s statements and was also not necessary for IO Xu to
record if he had wanted to incriminate D of the offences. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

P30 at Answer 1.

At several points, it was recorded that D could not recall how often certain
acts were committed, and D denied forcing V to suck his penis. Again, such
contents would have been inconsistent with IO Xu’s purported conduct of
attempting to incriminate D.

Miscellaneous matters

46 Mr Shafiq then asserted that the information contained in the Statements
could have been obtained by IO Xu from V, whom IO Xu had interviewed before
recording P28. Again, I rejected this assertion. Although IO Xu could have
obtained some information in P28 from V’s 1st Statement, I was satisfied that
he did not. V’s 1st Statement contained other acts not mentioned in P28, and
if IO Xu had wanted to implicate D by fabricating P28, he would not have
merely mentioned cursorily that D had molested V, put his finger inside her
vagina and rubbed his penis on her vagina and backside without mentioning the
other acts in V’s 1st Statement. Mr Shafiq’s attempt to show that IO Xu was
not a credible witness, as he had failed to mention in his conditioned
statement that he had recorded a statement from V, is not borne out by the
evidence. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

24/11/20 NE 4–5.

IO Xu had in his conditioned statement mentioned that he had interviewed V
after she lodged the First Information Report. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PB at p 1 (IO Xu’s Conditioned Statement) at [4]; 24/11/20 NE 5–6.

Unlike D’s own inconsistent testimony as to how the Statements came to be (see
[32]–[33] above), I found IO Xu to be a credible witness who was generally
consistent in his testimony. I accepted that IO Xu had no motive to set D up,
and if he wanted to frame D in the Statements he would not have included
denials and qualifiers in P29 or P30 or omitted other allegations which V had
made (see [43] and [45] above).

47 I turn to another aspect of D’s testimony to show that his claim that he
had signed the Statements based on an inducement or a promise could not be
believed. D claimed that Supt Burhan, IO Xu and ASP Razak promised him
“station bail”. Hence, D informed Mdm An in two separate phone calls that he
would be able to go home soon as he would be given bail, and again informed
her during the Site Visit that he would be given station bail. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

19/11/20 NE 33–34, 44–49; 20/11/20 NE 9–11; 20/11/20 NE 107.

However, this was not corroborated by Mdm An, who testified that D told her on
all three occasions that he would be “released”, but did not mention bail or
station bail. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

23/11/20 NE 18–20, 22.

Even if D had informed Mdm An that he would be released, this did not support
D’s claim of the inducement or promise that he would be released on station
bail. He could have told Mdm An on his own volition to assuage her as he
claimed to have been very concerned about her. As Mdm An attested, D had
informed her even at the time of his arrest (and before the Statements were
recorded) that “It’s okay, Mum. Later [D] will come out.” 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

23/11/20 NE 6.

48 Next, it is unclear how the “indulgences” raised by Mr Shafiq (see [18]
above) had operated on D’s mind to strengthen any inducement or promise by the
officers (which I had found there were none) or D’s perception that any
inducement or promise was a genuine one. D agreed that IO Xu did not make it a
condition for the phone calls that D had to agree to admit to or sign any of
the Statements. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

20/11/20 NE 73, 90.

I also disbelieved D’s claim that IO Xu had promised to let him meet his
mother at the Site Visit. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

20/11/20 NE 86–88.

D’s claim only arose in his cross-examination; it was never put to IO Xu that
this was part of any inducement or promise by him to cause D to sign the
Statements; and D agreed that this did not have anything to do with him
signing the Statements. Then D claimed that IO Xu told him that he was allowed
to make phone calls because he had admitted to P29. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

20/11/20 NE 89.

Again, this assertion arose in D’s cross-examination and was never put to IO
Xu as an inducement or promise that led D to sign the Statements. It was clear
that D was making up his evidence as he went along.

49 Even if the officers had made such inducement or promise that D would be
released on bail to take care of his mother, I was not satisfied that the
subjective limb of Sulaiman (see [24(b)] above) was fulfilled. I disbelieve
that D was so worried about Mdm An that he would have signed any statement
even if it were untrue so that he could go home and take care of her. D was
not Mdm An’s main caregiver and he knew this. For 16 years (until 2016 before
D’s father passed away), Mdm An was living with D’s brother (“SM”).
Thereafter, she stayed with D as she pitied D who was then without a wife and
to care for his children. After D’s arrest, Mdm An went to live with SM again,
and D was informed by her of this when he called her on 23 November 2017 and
hence he felt relieved. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

20/11/20 NE 90–91; 23/11/20 NE 14 –15, 19, 23, 25.

Conclusion on the Statements

50 In conclusion, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that D had made the Statements voluntarily. Pertinently, the
recording of P29 and P30 was corroborated by Sapiahtun. As such, I allowed the
Statements to be admitted into evidence.

Prosecution’s case for the main trial

51 I set out V’s testimony pertaining to the incidents that formed the 15
charges and what transpired after the last incident, and I will refer to the
other witnesses’ testimony where necessary.

Incidents at Yishun Flat 1st Occasion

Amended 1st charge – touching V’s breast over her clothes and rubbing her
vulva

52 According to V, the first incident occurred in 2010, when she was a student
in Primary 4. The room which V’s family shared had a bed (which D and N slept
on) and mattresses on the floor which V, B, S and the domestic helper slept
on. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

9/2/21 NE 27, 33, 113.

53 D was not at home when V went to sleep. Whilst asleep, she felt someone lie
down beside her and hug her from her back. A hand touched her breast and chest
area (over her clothes) and another hand slid into her pants and rubbed her
vagina area. She then felt the tip of a finger trying to enter her vagina, she
felt a sharp pain, and when she turned around she saw D. D then told her “shh”
and continued sleeping on the same mattress as V. V was then very confused and
shocked and did not know how to react. She returned to sleep.

54 The next night after D returned from work, V asked him about that incident.
D told her that it was “all sex” and “this is what mummy and daddy do”. He
told her not to tell anyone about this and that he would teach her more along
the way. V felt “weird and confused” but as D was her father, she listened to
him and followed his instructions. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

9/2/21 NE 33–36, 101.

2nd charge – first incident of digital-vaginal penetration

55 A few days thereafter, whilst V and her family were sleeping in the room
with V on the mattress, she awoke to D touching her breast area, rubbing her
vagina and inserting his finger in and out of her vagina. D also touched
himself and his penis and he stopped inserting his finger into V’s vagina
after he had ejaculated on his body. V felt pain but bore with it because D
told her that she would get used to it after a while. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

9/2/21 NE 37–38.

3rd charge – digital-vaginal penetration

56 V stated that D would violate her sexually about three to four times a
week. She could not recall specifically when the next incident occurred, but
it was when her family members were sleeping. While she was lying on the
mattress, D touched her breast area, rubbed her vagina and inserted his finger
into her vagina. Again, D would touch himself whilst inserting his finger in
and out of V’s vagina, and thereafter ejaculated on his own body. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

9/2/21 NE 38–39.

4th charge – first incident of fellatio

57 V stated that thereafter D taught her to suck and lick his penis. This was
when she was a student in Primary 4 in 2010. D instructed V to hold his penis
with her hand and put it in her mouth, and to lick it and move it in and out
of her mouth. She felt weird and disgusted and when she told D as such, D told
her that she would get used to it. D would then ejaculate. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

9/2/21 NE 39–40.

58 After this incident, D would routinely ask V to suck his penis, about three
to four times a week. On some occasions, V would attempt to resist but D held
her head and moved it towards his penis. D would then ejaculate either on his
body or in her mouth – in the latter, he would tell V to either spit out or
swallow his semen which she complied with despite feeling disgusted. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

9/2/21 NE 40–41.

Incidents at Woodlands Flat

59 V stated that when her family first moved to the Woodlands Flat, the sexual
abuse stopped for a few months as V and D occupied separate rooms (see [3]
above). The abuse resumed after D and N’s relationship broke down. B’s room
was rented out; V and B moved into the master bedroom with D; and N, S and the
domestic helper moved to a separate room. D and V would sleep on the same bed,
whilst B would sleep on the mattress on the floor next to the bed. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

9/2/21 NE 30, 41–42.

5th, 6th and 7th charges – digital-vaginal penetration, fellatio and penile-
anal penetration

60 V stated that the first incident of anal penetration occurred in around
2011 when she and D were alone at the Woodlands Flat. While she was playing
with the “PlayStation” in the master bedroom, D told her to lie down on the
bed and she complied. D then touched her breasts, removed her clothes,
inserted his finger into her vagina and she complied with his instructions to
fellate him. D placed V in a “doggy” position (with her knees on the bed)
before inserting his penis into her anus. D inserted his penis in and out of
V’s anus until he ejaculated on her back. V recalled this incident clearly as
it was the first time D had penetrated her anus and it was the “most painful
experience”. When D was doing this, V told him to stop as it was painful, but
D told her to bear with it. V also told D subsequently that she had difficulty
defecating but D told her that it would be all right after a few days and that
she would get used to it. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

9/2/21 NE 43; 10/2/21 NE 11.

61 Thereafter, the sexual activities continued around three to four times a
week when the rest of the family was asleep. On these occasions, D would
penetrate V’s anus with his penis and ejaculate on himself or in V’s mouth or
anus. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

9/2/21 NE 44–45.

62 Around the same time, V attended sexual education class in school (in
Primary 5) and realised that what D had been doing to her was wrong. She told
D of this but he told her not to listen to her teacher but to obey his
instructions instead. He also warned her not to tell anyone about the sexual
activities and that she would lose her father if anyone found out about them.
The sexual acts continued and although V at times tried to resist by moving
away from D, he would pull her closer to him. Eventually she gave up resisting
as it was futile to do so and she was not strong enough to overpower him. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

9/2/21 NE 45–47; 17/2/21 NE 30.

Incidents at Yishun Flat 2nd Occasion

63 Despite the sexual abuse, V decided to live with D at the Yishun Flat,
after D and N divorced and the family moved out of the Woodlands Flat. At that
time, V did not share a close relationship with N and Z (V’s stepfather). D
had also told her that he would give her and B a better life and she believed
that he would stop abusing her as he had said so. Hence D, V and B moved back
to the Yishun Flat, whilst N, S and Z resided at the Bk Batok Flat. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

9/2/21 NE 48; 10/2/21 NE 13–14.

64 For the first few weeks, D and V slept on the bed, whilst B slept on a
mattress on the floor. D then purchased a bunk bed at V’s insistence because
she wanted to sleep separately from D and to prevent D from abusing her again.
V would sleep on the upper deck and D on the lower deck of the bed, whilst B
would sleep on the sliding bed. D then asked V to sleep with him on the lower
deck, and V agreed as she trusted that D would not sexually abuse her anymore
as he had previously promised her as such. However, the sexual activities
continued to take place when B was asleep, around three to four times a week.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

9/2/21 NE 30–31, 48–50.

8th, 9th and 10th charges – digital-vaginal penetration, fellatio and penile-
anal penetration

65 The 8th, 9th and 10th charges pertain to an incident which occurred around
December 2013, before V followed N, Z and her siblings on a trip to Malaysia
(“the KL Trip”). On this occasion D had touched V’s breast area, rubbed her
vagina, inserted his finger in and out of her vagina, asked her to suck his
penis, and also inserted his penis into her anus. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

9/2/21 NE 51–52.

V ran away for the first time (end-2013)

66 After the KL Trip, V took the opportunity to continue staying with N to
escape from D. V did not disclose to N the sexual abuse. She merely told N
that D was not responsible and did not take care of her properly and asked to
stay with N, which N agreed to. V saw that S was well looked after by N and Z,
and she felt that N could take care of her better; although her main reason
for staying with N was to escape from the sexual abuse. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

9/2/21 NE 52–53; 10/2/21 NE 27–28.

67 A few days later, D went to look for V at the Bk Batok Flat. She told him
that she did not want to return to live with him because of what he had done
to her. D promised that he would change for the better, and hence V decided to
give him another chance and returned to the Yishun Flat. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

9/2/21 NE 54.

11th, 12th and 13th charges – digital-vaginal penetration, fellatio and
penile-anal penetration

68 When V moved back to the Yishun Flat, D did not sexually abuse her at
first. V initially slept on the upper deck of the bed but D asked her to sleep
with him on the lower deck and she agreed because at that time D had not
committed anymore sexual acts against her. Hence, she believed that D had
changed and would not harm her anymore.

69 However, the sexual abuse resumed in 2014 around three to four times a
week. Whilst V was sleeping on the lower deck, D would touch her breasts, rub
her vaginal area, insert his finger in and out of her vagina, made V fellate
him, and D inserted his penis into her anus. V felt betrayed. Although she
tried resisting his advances, she could not and, after a while, she gave up.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

9/2/21 NE 55–56.

14th and 15th charges – digital-vaginal penetration and penile-anal
penetration

70 The last incident of sexual abuse occurred around end-2014, a few days
before V ran away for the second time. She recalled this incident as she had
just finished her end-of-year exams in Secondary 2. Whilst at the Yishun Flat,
D had touched her breasts, rubbed the outside of her vagina, inserted his
finger into her vagina, made her fellate him and then inserted his penis into
her anus. V felt that she needed to put a complete stop to his abuse, and that
if she did not run away, D would never stop what he was doing. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

9/2/21 NE 56.

V ran away the second time around end-2014

71 A few days after the last incident of sexual abuse, V asked N if she could
visit her to bake cakes and spend time with S, as an opportunity to leave the
Yishun Flat and never return. When V visited N, she told N that she was not
comfortable staying with D as he was not a responsible father and did not take
care of her well. However, she did not inform N the real reason for not
wanting to live with him. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

9/2/21 NE 57.

72 A few days later, D went to look for V and asked her to return to live with
him, but V refused. D said that he would agree to leave her alone and that she
could stay with N on condition that she did not reveal the sexual abuse to
anyone. V agreed and hence kept silent. From that time on, V minimised contact
with D, and only met him whenever she accompanied S to see him or if she
wanted to meet B. V then ceased contact completely with D in early 2017. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

9/2/21 NE 58–59; 10/2/21 NE 44.

Meetings at Yishun SAFRA and Marsiling in 2017

73 In late 2017, N arranged for V to meet D on two occasions.

74 The first was around October 2017 at Yishun SAFRA (“SAFRA Meeting”). N had
discovered that V had a boyfriend without informing her and she was angry. She
arranged for a meeting with D for D to discipline V and scold her. N also
packed a bag of V’s clothes – V stated that N wanted V to return and stay with
D. At the SAFRA Meeting, D told V not to repeat her actions and make her
mother angry. V listened to D and apologised to N. Thereafter V returned to
the Bk Batok Flat and continued living with N and Z. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

9/2/21 NE 61–62; 10/2/21 NE 46, 49–53.

75 The second time when N arranged for V to meet D was after she discovered
that V had brought her boyfriend to the Bk Batok Flat and had switched off the
CCTV camera. N was angry and brought V to meet D at her grandparents’ place at
Marsiling (“Marsiling Meeting”). D and V had a private conversation where D
asked V to forgive him and to forget what he had done to her and again
informed her not to tell anyone about what he had done. V felt that D was not
remorseful about his sexual abuse of her. Thereafter V apologised to N and
went home with N. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

9/2/21 NE 62–63; 10/2/21 NE 54, 57.

Events that led to making police report on 19 November 2017

76 After the Marsiling Meeting, and during supper one evening, Z asked V why
she hated D so much as he noticed that she did not want to meet up with D. At
that time, V felt that she could trust Z and told him briefly that D had
sexually abused her when she was 10 until 14 years old. Z asked V if she
wanted to tell her mother, but V was reluctant to do so as she did not want
things to get “very big and messy”. She also thought about what would happen
to B who was then living with D. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

9/2/21 NE 65–66.

77 According to Z, when he asked V why she hated her father so much, she was
initially reluctant to explain but then told him that D had done some “sexual”
acts to her but did not elaborate. Z was very disturbed but did not probe
further as they were in a public place. Z told V to inform N, but V was
reluctant to do so. Z then told N to get closer to V to find out why V hated
her father. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

25/11/20 NE 59–60, 73, 76, 78–79.

78 N stated that after Z hinted to her to get closer to V, she asked V if
there was anything V wanted to share with her. V then revealed to N the sexual
abuse by D. Although V initially did not want to report the matter to the
police, she subsequently did upon N’s persuasion. Hence V lodged the First
Information Report on 19 November 2017 and made two statements to IO Xu on 20
November (V’s 1st Statement) and 24 November 2017 (“V’s 2nd Statement”). 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

27/11/20 NE 14–16; Agreed Bundle 38; PB 53–62; PB 63–71.

D’s arrest on 21 November 2017

79 At this juncture, I set out B’s testimony on what transpired shortly before
D was arrested. On 18 November 2017, N called B to say that D had sexually
abused V. B was in disbelief as he did not expect this to have happened. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

26/11/20 NE 41.

80 On 20 November 2017, D asked B whether he knew why the police was looking
for D. B then informed D that N had made a police report pertaining to V being
sexually abused. That evening, D denied the allegations to B and asked B to
call N to drop the charges which N refused. B was confused as he felt that D
should not have been afraid about the police report made if he was not guilty.
81

##### Foot Note 81

×

26/11/20 NE 42–44.

81 D and B then returned to their home in Sembawang (“Sembawang Flat”) where
they were residing with Mdm An. At the dining table, in Mdm An’s presence, D
broke down and admitted (in Malay) that he had inserted his finger into V’s
private part and ejaculated on her body. Mdm An was shocked and thought of a
solution and suggested to D to go to his brother’s home first. That night,
around 11.30 pm, D, B and Mdm An went to the Bk Batok Flat in order to
persuade V to drop the charges and to apologise to her. However, N had called
the police who arrived shortly after and arrested D. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

26/11/20 NE 44–46, 101.

82 After D’s arrest, B returned to the Sembawang Flat to pack his belongings
as N had asked him to stay with her. Whilst at the Sembawang Flat, Mdm An
informed B not to reveal much to the police and if any family members were to
probe that he should just say it was a “molest case”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

26/11/20 NE 46.

Defence case for the main trial

83 I set out D’s defence briefly and deal with his assertions in more detail
in my findings. D essentially denied sexually abusing V in any way.

84 At the Yishun Flat 1st Occasion, D claimed that he never slept with any of
the children including V, on the bed or on a mattress on the floor. At the
Woodlands Flat, V slept on the bed with D (when B and V slept in his room).
Although he had hugged V whilst they were sleeping, this was accidental as he
was unaware of what he was doing when he was asleep. He only discovered this
incident after N had reported it to the police in September 2012. I will
return to this incident later (see [110] below). After that incident, D
continued to share the bed with V and he only “bumped” into her accidentally
when they were sleeping but he did not hug her. At the Yishun Flat 2nd
Occasion, D claimed that V would sometimes choose to sleep on the lower deck
of the bunk bed. He would try to wake her and get her to sleep on the upper
deck but to no avail. Hence, he just slept on the lower deck with her. Whilst
they slept together, he would have hugged her, but he did not consider it to
be inappropriate. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

11/2/21 NE 13, 18–19; 16/2/21 NE 1–2, 5–10; 17/2/21 NE 10–11, 21, 23, 35, 37;
18/2/21 NE 80.

85 D claimed that he could not have sexually abused V at the Yishun Flat as
the bedroom door was always open and K (his brother) and sister-in-law (“F”)
had a habit of entering his room to talk to him when he and his family were
asleep. Further, if V’s allegations of sexual abuse were true, someone in the
room would have been awoken by the sounds that V and D would have made while
engaging in the sexual acts. D alleged that V had fabricated the allegations
as she feared that N would force her to return to live with him. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

9/2/21 NE 114 – 115, 123; 10/2/21 NE 59; 16/2/21 NE 11–12; 17/2/21 NE 64–65.

My decision

86 Where no other evidence is available, a complainant’s testimony can
constitute proof beyond reasonable doubt when it is so unusually convincing as
to overcome any doubts that might arise from the lack of corroboration (AOF v
PP [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [111]). A witness’s testimony may be found to be
unusually convincing by weighing the witness’s demeanour alongside the
internal and external consistencies found in the witness’s testimony (AOF at
[115]). Where the complainant’s evidence is not unusually convincing, an
accused’s conviction is unsafe unless there is some corroboration of the
complainant’s story. As to whether evidence can amount to corroboration, the
court looks at “the substance as well as the relevance of the evidence, and
whether it is supportive or confirmative of the weak evidence which it is
meant to corroborate” (AOF at [173]).

General observations

87 I found V’s testimony to be unusually convincing. She was coherent and
consistent in the material aspects of her testimony. Despite the passage of
time with the offences taking place some six to 10 years prior to her
testimony in court, V was able to recall in some detail the incidents and
maintained a consistent account during trial and in cross-examination. This is
in contrast to D who often contradicted himself on the stand and changed his
position. Further, V’s account that D had on multiple occasions sexually
abused her was supported by D’s own admissions to various persons.

88 At this stage, I make some general observations. First, I reiterate that D
can understand and speak English. Apart from my findings at [27] to [28]
above, I observed at the trial that D could understand the questions put to
him, he would often answer them even before they were interpreted to him, and
he would frequently answer questions partly in English. When shown in court a
report by a Dr Sarkar who had conducted a psychiatric assessment of D in 2017
(“Dr Sarkar’s Report”), D could read it to himself without the aid of
translation. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

11/2/21 NE 2; 16/2/21 NE 22–23.

89 Second, it is clear that at the material time, B and V were closer to D
than to N. B and V attested that N was always busy at work. D stated that
between 2008 to 2012, he (rather than N) spent more time with the children and
even after D’s divorce B and V chose to live with D because they were not
close to N or their new stepfather. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

26/11/20 NE 35; 9/2/21 NE 46, 48, 53; 17/2/21 NE 4–5, 17, 31.

90 Third, D admitted that he would discipline the children, and if V or B did
something wrong he would scold them and sometimes beat them. V also attested
that D could be violent and beat the children when he was angry, and B stated
that D could be aggressive. Indeed, D agreed that when N was upset with V on
the occasions which led to the SAFRA and Marsiling Meetings, N had arranged
for V to meet D in order for him to discipline V as V was more afraid of D
than of N and he had been disciplining them from young. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

26/11/20 NE 115; 9/2/11 NE 64, 119–120, 17/2/21 NE 5–6, 81.

91 With the above in mind, I turn to the various incidents.

Yishun Flat 1st Occasion (amended 1st charge, 2nd to 4th charges)

92 On the whole, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had proved the amended
1st charge and the 2nd to 4th charges beyond a reasonable doubt.

93 I found V’s account of the incidents the subject of the charges to be
consistent and clear. In particular, V recalled how after the first incident
(the subject of the amended 1st charge) she then confronted D the next day and
asked him about what had happened and recounted what he told her. V’s account
in court was materially consistent with her account in V’s 1st Statement made
on the day of D’s arrest and her account to one Dr Pathy who examined her in
March 2018 to assess whether she was fit to testify in court. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

V’s 1st Statement at [6]–[10]; Supplementary Agreed Bundle (“2AB”) at pp
15–16.

94 Crucially, D admitted in the Statements to the sexual abuse. In P28, he
stated that he had done “sexual things” to V and had molested her since she
was 10 years old. In P29, D stated that he first started doing sexual things
to V when she was 10 years old at the Yishun Flat, that it started one night
when he was sleeping on the same mattress as her, and he started to touch her
all over including her breast and rubbing her vagina. D also stated that at
first V did not know about sex as she was very young and did not know it was
wrong and hence she allowed him to do the sexual acts – this cohered with V’s
testimony. On subsequent occasions he also rubbed his penis outside V’s anus
and vagina, masturbated himself and put his penis in V’s mouth and asked her
to suck it. He would also ejaculate on her body or into her mouth. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

P29 at [9]–[13] and Answer 7.

95 On the other hand, D’s testimony in court was inherently inconsistent. When
first asked about the Yishun Flat 1st Occasion, D claimed that he never slept
with any of his children on the same mattress. However, his evidence morphed
along the way. Initially in EIC, D confirmed that sometimes he would sleep on
the mattress together with his children. He subsequently changed his account
by stating that he had never slept with any of his children, and that the
mattresses would be placed quite a distance apart from each other. Then he
stated that V slept with him on the same mattress although there was no
physical contact. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

11/2/21 NE 8–9, 18–19; 16/2/21 NE 5.

In cross-examination D then said that he would never sleep on the same
mattress with any child including V. When asked to explain his inconsistency,
he claimed that he did not sleep on the same mattress as V, and that he had
been confused about the question. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

17/2/21 NE 10–12.

96 I found D’s explanation unconvincing and that he was unable to make up his
mind as to his story. He attempted to show that he did not have any physical
contact with V, which I disbelieved. D’s testimony, even if it were true,
showed at best that he was sleeping on a separate mattress from V. It did not
mean that he was unable to sexually abuse V as he could have then encroached
into her space. Pertinently his testimony in court contradicted what he had
told Dr Sarkar. As noted in Dr Sarkar’s Report, the first instance of abuse
occurred when he found himself next to V whilst sleeping on a mattress on the
floor. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PB at p 48 (Dr Sarkar’s Report) at [12].

Dr Sarkar is an independent witness, whom I found had no reason to lie about
what D had recounted to him. I will return to Dr Sarkar’s Report as D had
sought to explain away its contents.

97 I turn to D’s claims that the bedroom door was always open and never closed
when D and his family were sleeping, that K and F had a habit of entering the
room to chat with D in the middle of the night, and that sometimes K or F
would walk past the room and look in. D stated that this occurred at the
Yishun Flat 1st and 2nd Occasions. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

17/2/21 NE 64–65.

D’s point is that he would not have committed any sexual acts knowing that K
or F could enter the bedroom suddenly, and if any of the incidents had
occurred he would have been caught out.

98 I found D’s claim that the bedroom door was “always open” and “never
closed” to be untrue and rejected his testimony that K or F would often walk
into the room at night to chat with him when he and his family were sleeping.
D’s own testimony, which he vacillated on, showed him to lack credibility.

99 The first time D claimed that the bedroom door was left open was in his
EIC. This is despite V having attested that if K wanted to enter the room, he
would knock on the door before opening it, and V’s testimony was not
challenged. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

9/2/21 NE 51.

Then in EIC, D initially claimed that the bedroom door was “normally” open,
but in cross-examination stated that it was “always” open and “never closed”.
When cross-examined on K and F’s habit of having conversations with D in his
bedroom whilst the family was sleeping and the lights were off, which would
seem rather unusual, D then said that K only came into the room to look for
him if there was an “emergency” or “urgency”. He then claimed that this
occurred about once a week, which I did not believe. D then attempted to
explain that K would “talk about personal things”, and sometimes needed D to
drive him to the hospital because of gastric pain. When pressed, D then
claimed that K only needed to go to the hospital on less than five occasions
in total throughout D’s stay at the Yishun Flat 1st and 2nd Occasions.
Finally, D admitted that K did not enter D’s room when D’s family was
sleeping, other than on those five or fewer occasions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

16/2/21 NE 11; 17/2/21 NE 62–65.

100 As for F, she attested that she would enter her room and sleep early
because of her young son (which D agreed) and that she had to wake up early in
the morning. Further F attested that she never entered D’s room at night,
contrary to D’s claim. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

17/2/21 NE 58–61; 19/2/21 NE 5, 6, 19, 21.

101 D then attempted to change his position by claiming that K and F would
look into the room as they walked past it when D and his family were sleeping.
When queried as to how he would know this if he were asleep, D stated that he
would sometimes wake up to go to the toilet, whereupon he would see K or F
“glance only” into the room. Even if I accepted D’s evidence, D himself
attested that this glancing into the room happened only sometimes. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

17/2/21 NE 64–67.

102 Whilst F attested that D’s room door was “always” open at night, I found
her evidence on this to be unconvincing and unreliable. It was inherently
inconsistent and contradicted even by D in material aspects. F stated that she
would be in her own room by about 8.00 pm, which was before D or D’s children
went to sleep, and that she would close her room door. As such, she did not
know whether the door of D’s room would usually be closed. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

19/2/21 NE 5, 18–20, 23–25.

Although she claimed that she had seen D’s room door open when she went to the
kitchen in the middle of the night to prepare milk for her son, she could not
say with certainty whether the door would have been closed on other occasions.

103 Pertinently, F claimed that on all occasions when she glanced into D’s
room at night (and that would be every night when she went to the kitchen to
prepare milk for her young son) she saw that D and V never slept together, ie,
at the Yishun Flat 1st Occasion D always slept on the bed and never on the
floor, and at the Yishun Flat 2nd Occasion D and V never slept together on the
lower deck of the bunk bed and V always slept on the upper deck. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

19/2/21 NE 8, 27–29, 37–38.

This was contrary even to D’s testimony that at the Yishun Flat 1st Occasion
he slept on the mattress on the floor if one of the children slept on his bed,
and that at the Yishun Flat 2nd Occasion he and V had slept together on the
lower deck of the bunk bed.

104 Hence, I rejected D’s portrayal that it was improbable for him to have
committed any sexual acts against V without someone noticing because the room
door was “always” open. Even if the door was open, D agreed that when the
lights in the room were switched off, a person on the outside passing by and
glancing into the room would not be able to see what was happening inside as
it would be dark. D also admitted that if K or F wanted to enter his room,
they would always knock first whether or not the room door was open or closed.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

17/2/21 NE 68–69.

As such, D would have been forewarned.

105 On the whole, V’s testimony was more convincing. She stated that K would
always knock on the door before he opened it and entered the room, to respect
the privacy of D and his family when they were asleep. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

17/2/21 NE 67; 19/2/21 NE 18.

When V attested to this, it was not put to her that the door was always open.
D himself let slip in EIC that if the room door was closed, K would open the
door whilst F would knock on the door first. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

16/2/21 NE 11.

Hence, the sexual acts could have gone unnoticed.

106 In the final analysis, it was unclear from both V and D’s testimony that D
had touched V on both breasts. In V’s 1st Statement, V stated that D had
touched her “breast” and similarly testified as such in court. This was also
what D admitted to in P29. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

V’s 1st Statement at [6]; 9/2/21 NE 33, 35; P29 at [9].

As such, I amended the 1st charge to reflect that D had touched V’s breast (in
the singular) and convicted him on the amended charge. The amended charge was
read to D, who maintained his position to claim trial and did not wish to call
for further evidence.

Woodlands Flat (5th to 7th charges)

107 I was also satisfied that the Prosecution had proved beyond a reasonable
doubt the 5th to 7th charges. I accepted V’s account of what transpired at the
Woodlands Flat, and particularly that the first incident of penile-anal
penetration occurred when she was alone with D and while playing with the
“PlayStation” in the master bedroom. V’s account in court as to the family’s
sleeping arrangement in the Woodlands Flat, when the sexual abuse resumed
thereat, and what occurred, was materially consistent with her account to IO
Xu in 2017. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

V’s 1st Statement at [12]–[16]; V’s 2nd Statement at Answers 16–17.

108 Additionally, V’s testimony was corroborated in the material aspects by
D’s admissions in P29. For instance, V’s account that the sexual abuse stopped
for a few months when the family first moved to the Woodlands Flat was
corroborated by D where he stated that after they moved there the acts stopped
for a few months as V was sleeping in a separate room and resumed when V slept
in D’s room. D also stated that he would rub his penis outside V’s vagina and
anus and asked her to suck his penis, and that he had committed the sexual
acts with V before and after his divorce. He also informed IO Xu that when V
was around 12 or 13 years old she learnt about sex and asked him to stop the
abuse but he continued. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

P29 at [14] and Answer 7; P30 at Answer 10.

This cohered with V’s testimony (see [62] above).

109 It was clear from D’s testimony in court that he had many opportunities to
sexually abuse V. By D’s account, after he and N started to sleep in separate
rooms, B and V would sleep in his room (the master bedroom) most of the time,
with V sleeping on the bed with D. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

17/2/21 NE 21.

Although D claimed initially that V never slept in the same room with him even
when his divorce was in process, both B and N corroborated V’s account that B
and V started sleeping with D in the same room as D and N’s relationship
turned sour. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

26/11/20 NE 32–33, 60–61; 27/11/20 NE 6–7; 11/2/21 NE 27.

It was not disputed that the bed in the master bedroom was a queen-size bed. I
accepted V’s testimony that when S went to sleep in the master bedroom and on
the bed (with V and D), V would sleep in between S and D. I rejected D’s
version that S would sleep in between D and V, in a bid to show that he could
not have committed any sexual acts with V whilst S was sleeping on the bed.
109

##### Foot Note 109

×

10/2/21 NE 10–11; 17/2/21 NE 21.

110 Pertinently, I found D’s conduct on the sleeping arrangement with V rather
inexplicable, in light of an incident in 2012 (“2012 Incident”). In September
2012, N lodged a police report against D after having witnessed D hugging V
from her back and around her chest whilst sleeping on the bed. N felt that D
was holding V inappropriately and hence made the police report to protect V.
When the police came to investigate, D told them that he was not aware of what
he had done whilst asleep. However, D stated that after this incident he
became aware that he had hugged and touched V inappropriately. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defence Bundle of Documents (“DB”) 6–7; 27/11/20 NE 28–31; 16/2/21 NE 2–6.

111 That being the case, it was strange that D continued to sleep with V on
the same bed, and also after V had already informed him (whilst they lived at
the Woodlands Flat) that “daddy like to hug and touch” her when he was
sleeping. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

16/2/21 NE 8–10.

D also knew all along that it would be wrong to touch V’s breasts or private
part. He also knew by the 2012 Incident that touching V inappropriately could
amount to molest, and he should try to ensure that it would not recur. Indeed
D admitted that after the 2012 Incident, would accidentally “bump” into V
whilst sleeping with her. Yet, and despite all these, he made no effort to
sleep apart from V such as on a mattress on the floor when he could have. He
knew he had to be careful, yet he continued to allow V to sleep on his bed and
even slept with her. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

17/2/21 NE 32–36, 38–39.

D’s claim that he did not think about the matter at that time was
unbelievable. I could not but infer that D did not take any preventive action
and continued to sleep with V because he wanted to continue the sexual abuse.
Indeed, B attested that D had ever requested V to sleep in the master bedroom.
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

26/11/20 NE 60–61.

Yishun Flat 2nd Occasion (8th to 15th charges)

112 Likewise, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had proved beyond a
reasonable doubt the 8th to 15th charges which were incidents at the Yishun
Flat 2nd Occasion.

113 I accepted V’s account of what transpired when D, B and she lived at the
Yishun Flat 2nd Occasion (see [63]–[70] above). I found V’s account in court
of the incidents at the Yishun Flat 2nd Occasion and of her running away to
live with N to be cogent and also materially consistent with V’s 1st and 2nd
Statements made in 2017. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

V’s 1st Statement at [17]–[22], Answers 1 and 2; V’s 2nd Statement Answers 2,
5, 6, 25–27,

Her account was also corroborated by D’s statements. In P30, D stated that he
resumed the sexual activities with V a few months after they moved back to the
Yishun Flat and when they were sleeping on the bunk bed. D stated that the
last incident occurred a few days before V ran away to stay with N for good,
when he had molested and kissed her. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

P30 at Answers 17 to 19.

In P29, D explained that V ran away on two occasions because of what he had
done to her; that she agreed to return to live with him after she ran away the
first time because he promised not to repeat the sexual acts; that after V
returned to stay with him, he tried to control himself but he started the acts
again such as touching V and rubbing his penis at V’s vagina and anus; that V
ran away a second time for good; and thereafter D had apologised to her for
his actions. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

P29 at [8], [14] and [15].

114 Indeed, D’s conduct in continuing to sleep with V on the lower deck of the
bunk bed was inexplicable in light of the 2012 Incident and for the same
reasons at [111] above. Particularly, V had already informed D (when they
lived at the Woodlands Flat and also at the Yishun Flat) that he hugged and
touched her when she was sleeping. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

16/2/21 NE 8; 18/2/21 NE 74.

115 Even if V had on occasions fallen asleep on the lower deck of the bed, D
agreed that he could have simply slept on an extra mattress on the floor but
he did not. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

18/2/21 NE 76

I also found his explanation – that he sleep on the lower deck whenever V fell
asleep there because he was afraid that the bed would collapse if he climbed
to the upper deck to sleep 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

16/2/21 NE 7; 18/2/21 NE 64–67.

– to be unconvincing. The bedframe and ladder of the bed were made of metal
and D admitted that he had never even attempted to sleep on the upper deck.
D’s explanation that if he were to sleep on the upper deck alone that the bed
might collapse did not make sense (and given that he had never attempted to do
so), since he was not afraid that if he slept on the lower deck with V that
the bed would not collapse.

116 Contrary to D’s attempt to show that it was not he who wanted V to sleep
on the lower deck of the bed, I found that he had asked V to sleep with him as
V testified, and this was so that he could continue to take advantage of her.
I accepted V’s account that when she was sleeping on the upper deck, D would
on occasions pull her body to signal to her to move to the lower deck so that
he could perform the sexual acts, and that she complied and stopped resisting
him as she could not. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

9/2/21 NE 55–56; 10/2/21 NE 81.

Pertinently, B testified that D had requested V to sleep with D on the lower
deck, contrary to D’s claim that he had never asked V to do so. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

26/11/20 NE 62; 17/2/21 NE 48.

I saw no reason to doubt B’s testimony in this regard.

117 Finally, as with the Yishun Flat 1st Occasion, I disbelieved D’s claim
that the bedroom door was always open and never closed, or that K and/or F had
a habit of walking into D’s room at night to chat with him, when he and his
family were asleep. I reiterate my findings at [99] to [105] above.

Other supporting evidence

118 Apart from my findings above, there was other evidence to support the
Prosecution’s case, and which I elaborate below.

D’s admission to B

119 First, B had attested that D had told B at the dining table in Mdm An’s
presence, on the night of 20 November 2017 prior to D’s arrest, that he had
inserted his finger into V’s private part and ejaculated on her body (see [81]
above) (“the Conversation”).

120 That B and D had a discussion that night pertaining to V’s allegations was
supported by D’s account. In this regard, I found D to be evasive and
reluctant to admit to what transpired at the dining table when B asked him if
V’s allegations against him were true. D initially claimed that when he and B
were discussing V’s allegations, Mdm An was not present at the dining table,
did not participate in the discussion and did not hear anything as she was far
away at the kitchen. When pressed further, D admitted that Mdm An was not at
the kitchen throughout but was nearby when B and D were having the discussion
and that she was able to hear what they were discussing. Eventually D admitted
that she sat down with them and participated in their discussion, and that B
had asked D whether the sexual allegations were true in Mdm An’s presence. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

18/2/21 NE 12–14.

121 At this juncture I examine Mdm An’s testimony. She claimed that she did
not hear the discussion between D and B as they were whispering at the dining
area in the living room, while she was at the other end of the living room.
After B and D finished talking, they just told her that they were going to the
Bk Batok Flat to settle the matter with V that night. Mdm An went along
because D had asked if she wanted to do so and she did not want anything to
happen to him. At that time, she did not know what the complaint against D
was. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

18/2/21 NE 86–89, 97.

122 I found Mdm An to be a partial witness who attempted to disown all
knowledge that she had heard any part of the Conversation or participated in
the discussion at the dining table. Her testimony was at odds with even D’s
testimony that whilst he and B were having the discussion at the dining table
Mdm An was nearby and could hear their conversation; that when B asked D
whether the sexual allegations were true, Mdm An was present; and that Mdm An
had even sat with them and talked. Indeed, Mdm An admitted in cross-
examination that she participated in the discussion, albeit to discuss going
to the Bk Batok Flat. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

18/2/21 NE 97.

Hence I disbelieved that Mdm An did not hear the discussion between D and B
including D’s admission to B as per the Conversation.

123 It was inconceivable that Mdm An would have followed D to the Bk Batok
Flat in the middle of the night just because she was concerned about D, when
she claimed not to know of what was happening then. Indeed, D attested that it
was Mdm An who had suggested going to D’s brother’s home first. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

18/2/21 NE 15.

This was consistent with B’s testimony that, after D broke down and admitted
to sexually abusing V, Mdm An was shocked and tried to think of a solution and
suggested to go to B’s uncle’s home first. Despite claiming to have found out
about the sexual allegations only when she visited D in remand after his
arrest, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

18/2/21 NE 97–100.

it was clear that Mdm An knew about the allegations on 20 November 2017. Her
denial that she had suggested going to D’s brother’s home and her claim that
this was “all nonsense”, flew in the face of D and B’s testimony and showed
that she was attempting to disavow knowledge of what transpired at the dining
table that night.

124 Whilst B did not mention the Conversation when he gave his statement to IO
Xu on 22 November 2017 and only told IO Xu in 2019 that D had admitted to
penetrating V’s vagina with his fingers 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DB 1–5; 27/11/20 NE 20–21.

, I accepted that at that time (in 2017) he was influenced by Mdm An not to
reveal the matter to the police. I did not find B’s conduct at that time to be
unusual as D was his father whom he was close to and Mdm An was his
grandmother and adult figure in his life. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

26/11/20 NE 48–50, 79, 104.

125 I observed B to be an honest witness. He had explained that at that time
he was confused when he first heard from N of V’s allegation of sexual abuse
by D, he did not know whom to believe (and this was mentioned in his 2017
statement to IO Xu), he was afraid and did not know what would happen if he
told the truth, he was also afraid of D who could be hot-tempered and
aggressive, and he was not mentally prepared then for what was happening. I
accepted that B subsequently decided to tell the truth because he felt guilty
and that he would not be protecting his sister if he did not do so; by then he
was living with N and felt safe and did not have to fear if he then told the
police the truth. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

26/11/20 NE 41–44, 101, 115–117; DB 5 (at Answer 8).

N confirmed that B had subsequently approached her and told her that D had
admitted to doing sexual acts to V, that Mdm An had told him not to reveal
this and which was why he did not inform the police because he was confused
and afraid that D would beat him up. N then told B not to be afraid and to
tell the truth, and hence B made a further statement to IO Xu in 2019.

126 I did not see any reason why B, whom D stated he had a close relationship
with even at the time of his arrest, would subsequently provide false
testimony against him. D’s assertion that N or V might have influenced B to
give false testimony was unsubstantiated. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

16/2/21 NE 21; 18/2/21 NE 16–18.

The Statements

127 I reiterate that D had admitted in the Statements to sexually abusing V,
and that I had found the Statements were made voluntarily by D. Additionally,
D took inconsistent positions at the AH and the main trial on how the
Statements came to be, which further cast doubt on his veracity and
credibility.

128 In relation to P29, D stated in cross-examination during the main trial
that he could not recall if he had informed IO Xu of various matters therein;
then claimed that when he answered IO Xu’s questions, IO Xu was “maybe
writing” [sic] something down. When asked whether IO Xu had also questioned
him about whether he had performed any sexual acts on V, D had answered IO Xu
but he could not recall his answers. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

18/2/21 NE 51–56.

This is contrary to his position in the AH, that IO Xu did not ask him any
questions but had just asked him to sign a pre-prepared statement after it was
interpreted to him by Sapiahtun. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

18/11/20 NE 96; 20/11/20 NE 5, 77–79, 106.

129 As for P30, D claimed in cross-examination that he could not recall
whether IO Xu had pre-prepared a statement for him to sign, which differed
from his earlier evidence that the Statements were pre-prepared. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

18/2/21 NE 58–61.

Contrary to D’s assertion that he never gave IO Xu any information in P30, I
find that such information emanated from him. There was no reason why IO Xu
would include information such as that N had affairs with three men and how N
had admitted to having an affair with other men or that D’s children witnessed
all these – all of which D claimed to be true in cross-examination. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

18/2/21 NE 58–59.

It was inconceivable that someone else such as N or the children would have
provided such information to IO Xu for him to pre-prepare P30.

130 Turning to P31, D’s version in the AH was that it was pre-prepared. But at
the main trial, D’s version put to ASP Razak was that D had given D’s Response
in P31 but he did not appreciate what he was telling ASP Razak then as he was
under stress. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

26/11/20 NE 26–28.

131 I add that whilst D did not admit to penetrating V’s anus in the
Statements (but only to rubbing her anus on the outside with his penis), this
did not affect the Prosecution’s case (especially in relation to the 7th,
10th, 13th and 15th charges), given that I had accepted V’s testimony and
found her overall to be a credible witness.

Admissions to Dr Sarkar

132 Next, D had informed Dr Sarkar (when he was interviewed in December 2017)
that he had committed sexual acts against V. Pertinently, in paragraphs 12 to
14 of Dr Sarkar’s Report (“the Paragraphs”), D stated the following: the
sexual offences occurred between 2010 and 2013; he had no sexual outlet at the
material time and that his “sex drive was very strong”; he would hold V (who
was sleeping) from behind and touch her breasts and genital region and rub his
exposed penis on her buttocks; he would masturbate; he had inserted his penis
into V’s mouth; V tried to push him away; and he would always apologise to V
the following day.

133 D did not challenge Dr Sarkar’s Report as having been made involuntarily
or that there was any TIP. Instead, he claimed that Dr Sarkar’s Report could
not be relied on, which I rejected as D took inconsistent positions as to how
its contents came to be. D’s case put to Dr Sarkar was that the events were so
long ago and that D was so intoxicated at the point in time that his memory of
the specific events were marred, and hence D had “falsely remember[ed]” the
events which he narrated to Dr Sarkar. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

25/11/20 NE 22, 24, 27.

However, on the stand, D claimed that Dr Sarkar had “misunderstood” and
“misinterpreted” him and that he did not mention the contents in the
Paragraphs to Dr Sarkar – this version was also never put to Dr Sarkar. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

16/2/21 NE 25–31; 18/2/21 NE 43.

134 Either way, D’s explanations were unconvincing. If D’s memory was marred,
he could have simply informed Dr Sarkar that he could not recall the events or
given a bare denial, rather than incriminating himself. I also disbelieved D’s
claim that he did not inform Dr Sarkar of the contents in the Paragraphs or
that Dr Sarkar had misunderstood or misinterpreted him, given that Dr Sarkar
had accurately recorded other paragraphs pertaining to D’s background and that
D could communicate with Dr Sarkar in English. In court, D was reading Dr
Sarkar’s Report to himself without the aid of translation, and Dr Sarkar also
testified that D spoke “good English”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

25/11/20 NE 4; 16/2/21 NE 23; 18/2/21 NE 37–38.

V’s conduct and lack of complaint

135 I turn to deal with V’s apparent lack of complaint until she told Z in
2017 (see [76]–[77] above) and her conduct despite the sexual abuse, such as
by continuing to sleep with D and not reporting to the police after the 2012
Incident or to N or Z when she ran away to stay with them. D also claimed that
V ran away as she was unhappy with doing household chores and his failure to
provide her with financial support, and not because of the alleged sexual
abuse.

136 I was satisfied that V’s behaviour did not undermine her credibility and
accepted her explanations. They were not implausible nor unusual for a young
victim who initially did not know what was happening, and was afraid and
conflicted because of her close relationship with the abuser, her father, who
wielded considerable influence in her life and to whom she gave multiple
chances to change. It is not unusual for victims of sexual abuse not to report
such traumatic and humiliating experiences until much later or at all.
Further, as will be seen later, it is not true that V did not disclose the
sexual abuse at all.

137 I accept that V was initially shocked and confused when the abuse first
occurred. But she confronted D the next day, who he told her not to tell
anyone and she obeyed him. It was not unusual that V did not inform anyone
about that occasion or other occasions in 2010, given her age and that she did
not know the acts were wrong. V obeyed D as she was close to and respected and
trusted him and he was the main disciplinarian in the family (see [89]–[90]
above). 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

9/2/21 NE 36; 17/2/21 NE 4–5, 7–9.

138 When the family moved to the Woodlands Flat, I did not find it unusual for
V to sleep with D, as he had told her that he would not continue the sexual
acts. However, when the acts resumed, V had tried to sleep in a separate room
but could not. The other rooms were occupied (see [59] above) and N told V to
sleep with D. When V attended sex education class in school in 2011 and
realised that D’s acts were wrong, she continued to remain silent as she did
not have the courage to speak up and did not know if anyone would believe her.
She was not close to N and was afraid that D might get angry and turn violent
if she revealed what D had done to her. She was also afraid to lose her father
with whom she shared a close relationship – D agreed that V respected and
trusted him. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

9/2/21 NE 45–46; 10/2/21 NE 76; 17/2/21 NE 4–9, 31.

Nevertheless V tried to resist his advances but could not.

139 I accepted that V did not inform the police when they were investigating
the 2012 Incident because she was afraid of losing her father and she was
fearful of him, and hence she obeyed his instructions to keep quiet. I
accepted that after D’s divorce, V chose to live with D at the Yishun Flat
because she believed his promise that he would not repeat the sexual acts and
(this was not disputed by D) he told her that he would give her a better life.
V was then not close to N or Z. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

25/11/20 NE 66; 10/2/21 NE 8, 77–78; 17/2/21 NE 31, 41.

Again, it was not unusual that V would initially sleep on the lower deck of
the bunk bed because D had promised not to repeat the sexual abuse; and that
even after D resumed the sexual abuse, V continued to comply with his advances
because she felt helpless. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

9/2/21 NE 50.

V did not complain to anyone because D had told her to keep quiet; and she was
afraid of him and of what would happen to her and B, of losing her father and
that no one would believe her. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

10/2/21 NE 76.

Her fears and insecurities must be seen in the light that she was in a broken
family and living in a place which her family did not own.

140 Indeed, V did run away (the first time at the end of 2013) as she could
not tolerate the sexual abuse, although she did not tell N of this as she was
afraid that N would not believe her and that D would get angry if he found out
that she had complained to N. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

9/2/21 NE 53.

I accepted that V returned to stay with D because he promised to turn over a
new leaf and he told her he needed to apply for a Housing and Development
Board (“HDB”) flat with B and V forming a family unit. She thought that D was
genuinely remorseful as he had cried to her, and she gave him another chance.
V’s conduct was not implausible nor unusual, as she still shared a close
relationship with D. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

9/2/21 NE 54; 10/2/21 NE 78–79; 17/2/21 NE 46–47.

That V decided to assist D to obtain an HDB flat was borne out by the
testimonials that she and B made (“Testimonials”), shortly after in February
2014, to support D’s application to the Syariah Court to be their caregiver
because, as D attested, he wanted to buy an HDB flat with V and B forming a
family unit. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

2AB 40–47; 9/2/21 NE 73; 16/2/21 NE 12; 17/2/21 NE 48–49.

141 Pertinently, it was D who went to look for V when she failed to return to
the Yishun Flat and did not answer his phone calls. V attested that she did so
because of the sexual abuse. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

9/2/21 NE 53; 17/2/21 NE 46.

It was unlikely and inconceivable that she avoided D totally just because she
had a lot of housework at the Yishun Flat or was not given enough pocket
money. More likely than not, D persuaded V to return to him because he was
anxious that she did not tell anyone about the sexual abuse.

142 I turn to the Testimonials. V explained that when she prepared the
Testimonial, D had not resumed the sexual abuse. Thus she did so to assist him
to obtain an HDB flat believing also that he had changed for the better and
signed to its contents as D had told her to, although they were not entirely
true. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

9/2/21 NE 73, 76; 10/2/21 NE 35.

How the Testimonials came about was corroborated by B who said that D wanted
to be his caregiver to purchase an HDB flat; hence he prepared a draft of the
Testimonial which D then amended and he then signed it although the contents
were not accurate because he loved D. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

26/11/20 NE 50–51, 112–113.

The Testimonials thus do not support that D could not have sexually abused V
as otherwise she would not have mentioned positive things about him in the
Testimonial.

143 When V ran away a second time and did not reveal to N the sexual abuse, I
accepted that she did not then have the courage to tell anyone and D had told
her to keep quiet. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

9/2/21 NE 57.

However, when D went to persuade her to return promising that he would change,
V did not believe him anymore, whereupon he promised not to disturb her again
if she did not tell anyone about what he had done.

144 It was not disputed that from then on, V minimised and subsequently ceased
contact with D completely. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

17/2/21 NE 76.

It was inconceivable that V would, even when living with N and Z, cease
contact with D completely merely because he had previously made her do
household chores and had not provided her financial support. After all, D
claimed that V was still close to him. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

17/2/21 NE 77–80.

D’s claim, that V minimised contact with him because he had scolded her about
some messages she exchanged with her boyfriend, was an afterthought. It was
never put to V and he admitted that it was his speculation. Hence, I found
that the main reason V had run away and ceased contact with D was because of
the sexual abuse.

145 I further rejected D’s assertion that V had fabricated the sexual
allegations as she was afraid that N would send her back to live with D after
the SAFRA and Marsiling Meetings. Whilst V believed that N wanted to send her
back to live with D when N packed her clothes for the SAFRA Meeting, N did not
pack her clothes for the Marsiling Meeting nor inform V that she wanted V to
stay with D on that occasion. D agreed that the sole purpose of the Marsiling
Meeting was for him to speak to V regarding her conduct. Further, after the
SAFRA and Marsiling Meetings, V returned to live with N and Z and it was not
disputed that V and D led their separate lives. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

10/2/21 NE 58, 82; 16/2/21 NE 18; 17/2/21 NE 82–83; 18/2/21 NE 2.

There was thus no reason why V would thereafter fabricate such serious
allegations against D. Indeed, D claimed that he had told V, after she ran
away the first time, that he would not accept her back if she ran away again;
and told her after she ran away the second time that he would not accept her
back anymore. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

16/2/21 NE 13–14.

If so, it was unlikely that V would worry about being sent back to live with
D.

146 To conclude, I had found V to be candid in her testimony, and her lack of
prompt complaint did not undermine her credibility. V’s conduct had been
consistent throughout. She did not complain initially because she did not
realise that the acts were wrong, until she attended a sex education class.
She then tried to resist but could not overpower her father. She was then not
close to her mother, much less her stepfather, as to confide in them. She was
further concerned about the consequences on the family relationships
(including the relationship between B and D, which was also what she had
informed Dr Pathy in March 2018) if she revealed the sexual abuse. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

2AB 17 (Dr Pathy’s Report).

She did not want to anger D or create trouble. Even when Z initiated a
conversation on why she hated her father, she was reluctant to share with Z
and did not want to tell N, 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

10/2/21 NE 87.

and she was still reluctant to make a police report until N’s prompting.

V’s disclosure to her friend

147 Pertinently, V had in around 2015 when she was in Secondary 3, disclosed
to her close friend (“M”) that D had sexually abused her. V explained that
this was triggered when M was sharing her personal problems with V. This
prompted V to share hers as she had been distressed for some time. M told V to
tell her mother but V refused as she did not want the matter to become “very
messy” or get D into trouble. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

9/2/21 NE 64–65, 84; PB 71 (V’s 2nd Statement at Answer 41).

148 M corroborated V’s account. She testified that sometime in 2016 in
Secondary 4, V informed M that D had touched her inappropriately since she was
10 years old and in Primary 4. D had put his finger into V’s vagina, and tried
to insert his penis into her vagina but could not and instead he inserted it
into her anus. When M told V to inform her mother, V said that she was not
sure if she could trust her family members, that she was afraid that no one
would believe her, and that D had made her promise not to tell anyone about
it. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

25/11/20 NE 40–41, 51–52.

149 I found M to be a truthful witness who had no reason to falsely implicate
D. Whilst there was a discrepancy as to whether V had informed M of this
matter in 2015 or 2016 (given the passage of time that had elapsed), this did
not detract from the fact that V had shared the matter with M whilst they were
in secondary school, and that M’s account of what V told her was consistent
with V’s account that D had sexually assaulted her since she as in Primary 4
until Secondary 2 and had performed digital-vaginal penetration and penile-
anal penetration.

150 While I did not rely on M’s testimony for the truth of its contents of the
sexual abuse, M’s and V’s testimony support that V had complained about the
sexual assaults before 2017. V’s disclosure to M was also prior to the SAFRA
and Marsiling Meetings, and thus could not have been prompted by any fear that
V would be sent back to live with D.

Conclusion on lack of complaint and V’s conduct

151 Victims of sexual assault do not and are not expected to all behave in the
same way. In the final analysis, a lack of prompt complaint does not
invariably lead to the conclusion that the victim cannot be believed, as much
as a prompt complaint does not necessarily lead to the conclusion that the
complaint must be true. Each case must turn on its own facts.

D’s other assertions

152 I turn to deal with D’s other assertions to support that the sexual acts
could not have occurred.

153 First, Mr Shafiq asserted that if D had ejaculated on V, there would have
been traces of semen on her clothes and the domestic helper would have noticed
this. This is neutral. V stated that D ejaculated on her body and not her
clothes and he would wipe her body or tell her to wash the semen off. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

10/2/21 NE 12, 14–15, 75.

Mr Shafiq’s assertion also presumes that the domestic helper would have
noticed traces of semen and would have known what it was.

154 Next, Mr Shafiq asserted that any sexual activity would have alerted
someone in the room, and that it was absurd that V did not shout in pain or
call for help the first time D inserted his finger into her vagina.

155 However, V attested that D spoke to her and gave her instructions, on how
to fellate him, very softly and he would perform the sexual activities
quietly; that S was a heavy sleeper; and that when B occasionally stirred from
his sleep, D would stop what he was doing and pretended to be asleep so as not
to alert B. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

9/2/21 NE 115; 10/2/21 NE 17, 73–75.

Thus, it was not impossible nor improbable that the sleeping occupants in the
room would not have stirred and even if there was some noise that they would
not have suspected anything was amiss. B and S were then young and would not
have reason to suspect that their father was abusing their sister.
Pertinently, B recalled that one night at the Woodlands Flat he was awoken by
the rustling of the bed and the sound of the bed frame hitting the wall, and
he heard V say “Stop. It’s painful.” 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

26/11/20 NE 40.

This supported V’s account that B would sometimes stir in his sleep whilst the
sexual activities were going on. D himself suggested that at the Yishun Flat
1st Occasion, there was quite a distance between him and someone else whenever
he slept on the mattress. Hence it was possible that any movement during the
sexual activities would not have alerted the sleeping occupants. As for V not
crying out when D inserted his finger into her vagina, I accepted that V was
then in shock. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

9/2/21 NE 112.

It bears emphasis that V was then very young, did not know that it was wrong,
did not know how to react and thus obeyed her father upon his instructions.

Inconsistencies in V’s evidence

156 Finally, I deal with some inconsistencies in V’s evidence. As the sexual
acts started when V was very young and spanned over a long period of time, it
was natural that V’s recollection of the events would be imperfect.
Nevertheless, I found that any such inconsistencies did not undermine V’s
credibility nor cast a reasonable doubt on the Prosecution’s case.

157 First, I deal with the timeline of the sexual assaults. V had told Dr
Pathy that the acts began when she was about 9 years old; she told Dr Ho (in
2018) that they occurred from 2010 to 2013; and in her First Information
Report, V mentioned the acts as occurring between 2009 to 2013. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

2AB at p 15; P21A; PB at p 38.

158 I accepted V’s explanation that when she lodged the First Information
Report, she was certain that the acts started when she was in Primary 4 but
she was unsure of the year and thought that it was 2009. However, V was
consistent in maintaining that the sexual acts commenced when she was in
Primary 4 until Secondary 2 (ie, between 2010 and 2014), and V would have been
nine and turning 10 years old in Primary 4. V explained in court that when she
saw Dr Ho, she was still unsure of the actual years and she thus gave a
general timeframe; however she was very sure they occurred when she was in
Primary 4 to Secondary 2. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

9/2/21 NE 68, 71.

Dr Pathy attested that V had informed her that V was in Primary 4 when the
sexual acts began 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

26/11/20 NE 9.

and Dr Pathy’s Report recorded that the acts ceased when V was in Secondary 2.
Hence, the inconsistencies in the timeline were minor and immaterial. Further,
D had admitted in P28, P29 and in Dr Sarkar’s Report that he started sexually
abusing V when she was 10 years old. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

P29 at para 9; Dr Sarkar’s Report at [12].

Crucially, V was consistent in her substantive account of the sexual abuse,
which was supported by the Statements.

159 Second, Mr Shafiq pointed out that V’s 1st Statement mentioned D licking
V’s vagina, but this did not appear in her conditioned statement in October
2019 or her EIC. I did not consider this to undermine V’s credibility. The
conditioned statement is not made to the investigating authorities at the time
of investigation but prepared for the purpose of the trial and which would
necessarily focus on the charges at hand. None of the 15 charges pertained to
the act of licking the vagina. Likewise, V’s 1st Statement stated that D had
licked V’s breasts and D also admitted to this in P29, although it was not
stated in V’s conditioned statement and did not form any of the 15 charges.
167

##### Foot Note 167

×

V’s 1st Statement at [9]; P29 at Answer 16; 9/2/21 NE 116.

160 Third, V’s 2nd Statement mentioned that V was unsure if D had put his
finger into her anus but in court V had testified that he had done so. Mr
Shafiq claimed this showed that her sexual allegations could not be believed.
I accepted V’s testimony in court that she recalled D having inserted his
finger into her anus. It is not inconceivable for a victim of sexual abuse not
to be able to recount each and every act of sexual assault. As Dr Pathy
attested, a victim of sexual assault would even attempt to suppress or forget
such incidents. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

10/2/21 NE 65–67, 80–81; V’s 2nd Statement at Answer 33; 26/11/20 NE 9.

161 Fourth, Mr Shafiq pointed out that V did not mention to Dr Ho that D had
put her in a “doggy position” when he purportedly performed penile-anal
penetration and hence such acts could not have happened. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

10/2/21 NE 60.

This is neutral. Dr Ho was not conducting investigations into the offences but
merely conducting a physical examination of V. In any event Dr Ho had recorded
in her report of V’s complaint to her that D had performed penile-oral
penetration, and in court clarified that V had mentioned to her of being
placed in a “doggy position”. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

2AB at p 6 (Dr Ho’s Report under “Exact Nature of Assault”); 9/2/21 NE 3, 12.

Conclusion

162 In conclusion, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had proved beyond a
reasonable doubt all 15 charges. I found V to be a credible and honest witness
who was consistent in her account of the incidents. Even if there were some
gaps in V’s evidence, it did not mean that there was a “systematic and
widespread pattern of many inconsistencies coming together” to destroy V’s
credibility altogether (ADF v PP [2010] 1 SLR 874 at [23] and [25]). In
contrast, I found D to be an untruthful witness who contradicted himself on
material aspects, and there were internal and external inconsistencies in his
testimony. Additionally, V’s testimony was supported by other evidence which
included D’s Statements and the Conversation between D and B as attested to by
B.

Sentence

163 The Prosecution submitted the following sentences:

(a) Amended 1st charge (outrage of modesty of a person under 14 years old) –
three years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane;

(b) 2nd to 10th charges (digital-vaginal penetration, fellatio and penile-anal
penetration committed against a person under 14 years old without consent) –
14 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for each charge; and

(c) 11th to 15th charges (digital-vaginal penetration, fellatio and penile-
anal penetration) – 13 years’ imprisonment and 8 strokes of the cane for each
charge.

164 The Prosecution submitted for a global sentence of at least 31 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane, with the sentences for the 1st, 4th
and 7th charges to run consecutively. It submitted that the key sentencing
principles of deterrence and retribution should apply. V was a minor and a
vulnerable victim when the offences occurred. There was an abuse of trust in a
familial context, with such offences being hard to detect as victims of intra-
familial sexual abuse may be unwilling or hesitant to report the matter to the
authorities. Crucially, the incidents only came to light because Z had
initiated a conversation with V about her relationship with D. The sexual
abuse also persisted for nearly five years and D exploited V’s emotional
vulnerability by impressing upon her that she would lose a father if anyone
learnt about the abuse. Additionally, V has suffered trauma as a result of the
persistent sexual abuse. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Prosecution’s Submission on Sentence (“PS”) at [8]–[9] and [12].

165 The Defence submitted that the sentence for the amended 1st charge should
be two years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane; for the 2nd to 10th
charges should each be 11 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane;
and for the 11th to 15th charges should each be eight years’ imprisonment and
four strokes of the cane. The aggregate sentence should also not exceed 21
years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane, with the sentences for the
1st, 2nd and 11th charges to run consecutively. Whilst D had abused his
position of trust and committed the offences as V’s biological father, there
were no other aggravating factors. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Mitigation Plea at [2] and [18].

He did not use force and there was no premeditation as he committed the acts
at the spur of the moment. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Mitigation Plea at [18].

D was also a first-time offender and had been a good father to V until he
committed the offences and contributed to his daughters’ maintenance even when
they lived with N.

166 When sentencing an accused person with multiple charges, the court should
first consider the appropriate sentence for each offence, and then consider
how these individual sentences should run. The general rule is that sentences
for unrelated offences should run consecutively and for offences that form
part of the same transaction should run concurrently. The totality principle
should be applied to ensure that the aggregate sentence is reflective of the
overall criminality of the offender, is proportionate and not crushing on him.
Moreover, the rule against double counting should not be offended (see PP v
Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 at [98]).

Outrage of modesty under s 354(2) Penal Code (amended 1st charge)

167 Both Prosecution and Mr Shafiq cited GBR v PP [2018] 3 SLR 1048 (“GBR”) in
relation to the sentencing framework for the offence of outrage of modesty of
a person under 14 years old, under s 354(2) of the Penal Code. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PS at [25]; Mitigation Plea at [2].

The court in GBR (at [26]–[37]) referred to the sentencing framework laid out
in Ng Kean Meng Terence v PP [2017] 2 SLR 449 and set out three sentencing
bands for cases under s 354(2). This approach was endorsed by the Court of
Appeal in BPH v PP [2019] 2 SLR 764 (“BPH”) at [70]–[72].

168 The Prosecution submitted that the present case fell within the highest
end of Band 2 with the indicative starting point of three years’ imprisonment
as D had abused V’s trust, V was at that time only 10 years’ old, and the
degree of sexual exploitation was egregious. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

PS at [26].

Mr Shafiq submitted that, whilst this case fell within Band 2, a two-year
imprisonment term would be sufficient. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Mitigation Plea at [7]–[10].

169 A case under Band 2 would attract a sentence of between one to three
years’ imprisonment, and at least three strokes of the cane as a starting
point (GBR at [31] and [33]). I agreed with the Prosecution on the aggravating
factors and that this case should fall within the higher end of Band 2.
Accordingly, I imposed a sentence of two years’ imprisonment (which is not
dissimilar to the imprisonment term in GBR) and three strokes of the cane.

Sexual assault by penetration punishable under ss 376(3) and 376(4)(b) Penal
Code (2nd to 15th charges)

170 Both parties referred to the sentencing framework in Pram Nair v PP [2017]
2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”), and which the court in BPH held (at [55]) applied to
all forms of sexual assault by penetration under s 376 of the Penal Code. The
Pram Nair sentencing bands are as follows:

(a) Band 1: seven to 10 years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane;

(b) Band 2: 10 to 15 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane;

(c) Band 3: 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

Further, where the statutory aggravating factor in s 376(4)(b) of the Penal
Code (ie, a victim under 14 years old) is present, the case should fall within
Band 2 (or Band 3 if there are other aggravating factors) (BPH at [42] and
[68]).

171 For the offences committed when V was below 14 years old and punishable
under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code (the 2nd to 10th charges), parties agreed
that they fell within Band 2, bearing in mind the mandatory caning of not less
than 12 strokes. The Prosecution submitted that it should be at the higher
end, whilst Mr Shafiq submitted that it should be at the lower end, of Band 2.
177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PS at [23]; Mitigation Plea at [23].

172 In relation to the 2nd to 10th charges, I found that the present case fell
within the higher end of Band 2. This was a clear case of abuse of position of
trust. D was the biological father of V and they shared a close relationship
when the abuse occurred. When the offences started in 2010, V did not know
that they were wrong and hence allowed D to continue to abuse her. When she
first confronted D, she was confused but she listened to D (who had told her
that he would teach her more about sex). D also stated in P29 (see [94] above)
that initially V did not know about sex as she was very young, did not know it
was wrong, and hence allowed him to perform the sexual acts. When V realised
that the acts were wrong, D then impressed upon her that she would lose her
father if anyone found out about the sexual activities. This not only violated
the trust placed in him by V but also by society. Further, the vulnerability
of V by reason of her age constituted an aggravating factor in a case
punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code (see [170] above).

173 There was also some premeditation and the offences were not committed at
the spur of the moment. For instance, after the incident forming the 1st
charge, D told V that it was “sex” and that he would teach her more along the
way. He then started to insert his finger into V’s vagina (the 2nd charge)
which gradually led to more egregious forms of sexual penetration such as
fellatio and penile-anal penetration. D would abuse V whilst everyone else in
the room was asleep or when he was alone with V (eg, the 5th to 7th charges
when V was playing with the “PlayStation”), all the while informing V that she
would get used to the sexual activities and to keep quiet or she would risk
losing her father. D had also deliberately put himself in a position where he
could continue to take advantage of her, such as by sleeping on the same bed
as or next to her.

174 Further, D had subjected V to sexual degradation. The abuse took place
over a period of time, with D telling V that she would get used to it or to
bear with the pain when he performed penile-anal penetration. He would also
ejaculate in V’s mouth and told her to either swallow or spit out his semen.

175 Additionally, there was a lack of remorse on D’s part. During the trial,
he chose to raise matters to disparage N’s character unnecessarily, accused N
of influencing V to lie, and sought to discredit V by alleging that she had
attempted to “cover herself up” because he discovered that she had had sex
with her boyfriend which was wrong. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

18/2/21 NE 78–83.

176 That there was an absence of antecedents was a neutral factor; indeed, the
presence of related antecedents would have been aggravating (BPH at [85]).

177 I disagreed with Mr Shafiq that the present case was less aggravating than
in BSR v PP [2020] 2 SLR 758 (“BSR”). 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Mitigation Plea at [22]–[23].

In BSR, the sentence imposed for a fellatio offence punishable under s
376(4)(b) was 14 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. The
aggravating factors there were largely similar. The victim was a vulnerable
six-year-old and the accused was her biological father. Further, he had
forcibly inserted his penis into the victim’s mouth and exposed her to the
risk of a sexually transmitted disease. The Court of Appeal upheld the
sentence of 14 years’ imprisonment. Although the victim in BSR was younger, it
could not be said that the present case was less egregious. In particular, the
accused had pleaded guilty, which was a mitigating factor.

178 As for the 11th to 15th charges (punishable under s 376(3) of the Penal
Code) Mr Shafiq submitted that they should fall within Band 1 of Pram Nair,
albeit at the higher end, as the only aggravating factor was the abuse of
position of trust. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Mitigation Plea at [25]–[27].

The Prosecution maintained that these offences fell within the higher end of
Band 2 for essentially the same reasons as with the 2nd to 10th charges.

179 I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that the 11th to 15th charges fell
within the higher end of Band 2 of Pram Nair for the reasons at [172] to [175]
above, namely that there was an abuse of position of trust, premeditation on
D’s part, V’s vulnerability as she was still relatively young at the material
time, the sexual degradation V was subjected to and D’s lack of remorse. As
such, I imposed a sentence of 14 years’ imprisonment and the mandatory minimum
12 strokes of the cane for each of the 2nd to 10th charges, and 13 years’
imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for each of the 11th to 15th
charges.

Conclusion on sentence

180 I ordered the 1st, 4th and 13th charges (which pertained to three
different occasions of sexual abuse) to run consecutively. D’s total sentence
was thus 29 years’ imprisonment (to commence from the date of D’s remand) and
the maximum 24 strokes of the cane in accordance with s 328 of the CPC.

181 In BSR, the total sentence imposed (and upheld by the Court of Appeal) was
25.5 years of imprisonment for a plea of guilt on four charges (which included
a charge of fellatio punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code and a
charge of aggravated outrage of modesty of a minor under s 354A(2)(b)) with
four other charges taken into consideration; albeit relating to more than one
victim. In PP v BRH [2020] SGHC 14, the accused pleaded guilty to a charge
under s 375(1)(b) of the Penal Code by penetrating the victim’s vagina with
his penis (punishable under s 375(3)(b) as the victim was then eight to nine
years old), and an offence each of penile-anal penetration and fellatio
punishable under s 376(4)(b)). Twelve other charges were taken into
consideration for sentencing, including, a charge of outrage of modesty by
rubbing the victim’s vagina over her clothes when she was between six and
seven years old, punishable under s 354(2) of the Penal Code. The court
imposed a total of 28 years’ imprisonment and the maximum 24 strokes of the
cane.

182 Here, D had claimed trial to 15 charges altogether. In imposing a total of
29 years’ imprisonment, the sentences were calibrated to take into account
that there were several distinct occasions in which the offences occurred with
different acts of penetration. However, some of the charges pertained to the
same occasion, and I calibrated the overall sentence having regard to the
totality principle and that it should not be excessive or crushing.
Nevertheless, general deterrence and retribution were key considerations in
the present case. Particularly, this was a case of an abuse of trust of the
highest order by a father of his biological daughter, and there were no
mitigating circumstances.

Audrey Lim  
Judge of the High Court

Eugene Lee Yee Leng, Goh Yi Ling and Colin Ng Guan Wen (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Mohammad Shafiq bin Haja Maideen, Yamuna Balakrishnan and Abdul Rahman bin
Mohd Hanipah (Abdul Rahman Law Corporation) for the Defence.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Jul 2021 (17:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

