Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 235

Suit No 876 of 2018

Between

| Lou Kan  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Li Hua  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and deceit]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Measure of damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lou Kan

  
v

  

Li Hua

[2021] SGHC 235

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 876 of 2018  
Pang Khang Chau J  
30-31 March, 1, 14-15 April, 7 July 2021

18 October 2021

Pang Khang Chau J:

1 The plaintiff, Mr Lou Kan (“Mr Lou”), invested $1.5m (“the Investment”) by
subscribing for preference shares in Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd
(“the Fund”). Although Mr Lou subscribed to the preference shares on
subscription forms which expressly provided that the Fund was a “principal-
guaranteed fund (exclusive of management fee)”, the Fund was in fact not
structured as a principal-guaranteed fund. Mr Lou sued the defendant, Mr Li
Hua (“Mr Li”) for fraudulently misrepresenting that the Fund was a principal-
guaranteed fund (the “Representation”). Mr Li was a director of the Fund at
the material time and had attended to Mr Lou during the meeting at which the
subscription forms were executed by Mr Lou.

2 I allowed Mr Lou’s claim against Mr Li for fraudulent misrepresentation. Mr
Li has appealed against my decision.

Background

3 Mr Lou applied for permanent residency in Singapore (“PR”) through the
Global Investment Programme (“GIP”) administered by the Contact Singapore
office (“Contact Singapore”) of the Singapore Economic Development Board. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lou Kan (“Lou’s AEIC”) at paras 7–9.

Under the GIP, an applicant is required to make an approved investment in
Singapore within six months after receiving in-principle approval of his PR
application. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Li Hua (“Li’s AEIC”) at para 19; Defendant’s
Bundle of Documents (“DBOD”) at p 4.

Mr Lou received his in-principle approval on 29 February 2012. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Li’s AEIC at p 257.

The Fund

4 Contact Singapore maintains a list of investment funds approved for the
purposes of the GIP (“GIP-approved Funds”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 15-64.

The Fund accepted Contact Singapore’s offer to participate as a GIP-approved
Fund on 16 April 2009, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Li’s AEIC at para 29.

after having been incorporated on 7 April 2009. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Li’s AEIC at para 3.

At all material times, Mr Li was the sole ordinary shareholder of the Fund. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 4 line 23–p 5 line 1.

He was also a director of the Fund from its incorporation to 1 December 2016,
and from 28 November 2018 up until the time of this trial. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Li’s AEIC at para 3.

Mr Xing Xinli

5 Mr Lou engaged the services of one Mr Xing Xinli (“Mr Xing”), who was the
general manager of the Beijing Global Trade Way Company (“BGT”), to assist
with his PR application. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 6.

Mr Xing was also known as Xing Winner Xingli. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Li’s AEIC at para 34.

6 The Fund was managed by a company named Sunmax Global Capital Pte Ltd (“the
Manager”), 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Li’s AEIC at para 3.

of which Mr Li was the managing director. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DBOD at p 77; Transcript, 14 Apr, p 14 lines 1–4.

The Manager had engaged the services of Worldway (Beijing) Immigration
Services Co Ltd (“WBIS”), to introduce PR applicants to the Fund. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 34–35.

According to Mr Li, both BGT and WBIS were part of a group of companies
controlled by Mr Xing. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Li’s AEIC at para 34.

7 According to Mr Lou, Mr Xing recommended the Fund to him because it was
principal-guaranteed. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 9; Transcript, 30 Mar, p 44 lines 13–22.

A meeting was therefore arranged for Mr Lou to meet the Fund’s representative
in Beijing, China on 10 April 2012 (“the Meeting”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 10; Transcript, 30 Mar, p 49 lines 23–25.

The 10 April 2012 meeting

8 The Meeting was held at Mr Xing’s office and attended by Mr Li on behalf of
the Fund. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 10.

What exactly transpired at the Meeting was hotly disputed, and will be
explored in detail below. At this stage, it suffices to note the following
undisputed facts concerning the Meeting:

(a) Mr Xing was also present at the Meeting. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 11; Li’s AEIC at para 49.

(b) The Meeting was conducted in Mandarin, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 11.

as Mr Lou was not conversant in English. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 36

(c) Mr Lou had with him copies of the Fund’s Private Placement Memorandum
(“PPM”) dated 1 February 2009 (“the 2009 PPM”) in both the English language
and Chinese language versions. The 2009 PPM expressly states at various places
that the Fund was principal-guaranteed (exclusive of management fee). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 68, 71 and 73.

(d) Mr Li appended his signature and wrote the date “10/04/2012” at the bottom
of page four of the Chinese version of the 2009 PPM. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 18 and p 91; Transcript, 14 Apr, p 68 lines 9–17.

Page four was the first substantive page of the 2009 PPM and appeared
immediately after the contents page. It contained the executive summary of the
2009 PPM, which described the Fund in the following terms: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 68 and 91.

Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte. Ltd. as [sic] a private company limited by
shares under the laws of the Republic of Singapore. It is principal-guaranteed
fund [sic] (exclusive of management fee). For example, if you invest
S$1,500,000 in our fund, you will get at least of [sic] S$1,237,500 back just
after 5 years.

(e) The subscription forms executed by Mr Lou at the Meeting in both the
English and Chinese versions (“the Subscription Forms”) 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 111-116.

contained the following clause: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 113 and 116.

3\. The Investor understands the Fund is an immigration-linked fund which is
managed by Sunmax Global Capital Pte. Ltd. The Fund is principal-guaranteed
fund [sic] (exclusive of management fee). For example, if you invest
S$1,500,000 in our fund, you will get at least of [sic] S$1,237,500 back just
after 5 years. …

9 Although there is some dispute over whether this took place at the Meeting
or only after Mr Li had returned to Singapore following the Meeting, it is
undisputed that the Subscription Forms were countersigned by Mr Li on behalf
of the Fund and copies of the same bearing Mr Li’s signatures were given to Mr
Lou by Mr Li.

Mr Lou’s attempts to get back the principal sum he invested

10 Under the terms of the Investment, Mr Lou was required to maintain his
investment for five years. After this five-year period expired, Mr Lou
instructed his lawyers to write to the Fund on 14 July 2017 to demand the
return of his investment principal of $1.5m (less management fee) together
with investment returns, if any. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Lou’s AEIC at p 124.

Mr Lou explained that he adopted this approach because he had heard, by then,
that several lawsuits had been commenced against the Fund in the Singapore
courts. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 22.

11 The Fund replied through their lawyers on 25 September 2017 that: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 126-127.

(a) according to the Fund’s PPM dated 1 January 2010 (“the 2010 PPM”) 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 128-148.

and the Fund’s articles of association, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 149-177.

the Fund was not principal-guaranteed;

(b) more than half of the Fund’s 40-odd investors had already redeemed their
preference shares on the basis that the Fund was not principal-guaranteed; and

(c) under the terms of redemption offered in the Fund’s letter to its
investors dated 21 July 2016 (“the Redemption Offer Letter”), 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Li’s AEIC at pp 274-278.

Mr Lou would upon redemption of his preference shares receive an immediate
cash distribution of $224,510 with the possibility of further distributions
after liquidation of the Fund’s non-cash assets.

12 Mr Lou’s lawyers replied on 4 October 2017 that: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Lou’s AEIC at p 178.

(a) Mr Lou had invested in reliance on Mr Li’s representation that the Fund
was principal-guaranteed and also on the basis of representations contained in
the 2009 PPM and the Subscription Forms; and

(b) Mr Lou had no knowledge of the 2010 PPM.

On the same day, Mr Lou’s lawyers issued a letter of demand to Mr Li seeking
damages for Mr Lou’s losses arising from Mr Li’s misrepresentation. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 179-180.

An identical letter of demand was also sent the next day to another known
address of Mr Li. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 181-182.

These letters of demand provisionally assessed Mr Lou’s damages to be $1.5m
less whatever cash distribution or other sums which Mr Lou may obtain from the
Fund.

13 According to Mr Lou, Mr Li did not respond to the letter of demand and
remained uncontactable. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 26; Transcript, 31 Mar, p 6 line 21.

By May 2018, Mr Lou decided to cut his losses and proceeded to redeem his
preference shares (“the Redemption”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of He Ping (“He’s AEIC”) at para 6; Lou’s AEIC
at para 28; Transcript, 31 Mar, p 6 lines 22-–30.

On the day that Mr Lou effected the Redemption, his lawyers also sent an email
to one Mr Yap Keng Ann, who was then the sole director of the Fund, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript, 1 Apr, p 3 lines 19-22.

to put on record that the Redemption was transacted strictly between the Fund
and Mr Lou, and that Mr Lou reserved his rights at law against Mr Li. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Lou’s AEIC at p 185.

14 In September 2018, Mr Lou commenced the present suit against Mr Li.

The parties’ respective cases

Mr Lou’s case

15 Mr Lou claimed that:

(a) The 2009 PPM and the Subscription Forms were given to him by Mr Li at the
Meeting. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Lou’s AEIC at paras 13–15.

(b) Mr Li briefed Mr Lou on the Fund at the Meeting and explained that, after
the five-year investment period, Mr Lou would get back at least $1.5m less the
Fund’s management fee. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 12.

Mr Li used the Mandarin term “保本” (bao ben), which meant principal-guaranteed,
to describe the Fund to Mr Lou. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 12.

(c) Mr Lou was induced to invest in the Fund in reliance on Mr Li’s oral
representation as well as the contents of the 2009 PPM and the Subscription
Forms. Mr Lou signed the Subscription Forms in Mr Li’s presence, and Mr Li
countersigned the Subscription Forms and affixed the Fund’s company stamp to
them in Mr Lou’s presence. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Lou’s AEIC at paras 16–17.

(d) The Representation was fraudulent because it was made by Mr Li with the
knowledge that it was false – ie, Mr Li knew, at the time of the Meeting, that
the Fund was not in fact principal-guaranteed. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”) at para 7; Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions (“PCS”) at paras 101–102.

Mr Li’s case

16 Mr Li denied ever passing the 2009 PPM and the Subscriptions Forms to Mr
Lou. According to Mr Li, the operative version of the PPM in use by the Fund
was the 2010 PPM, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Li’s AEIC at para 28.

which did not state that the Fund was a principal-guaranteed fund. The 2009
PPM was only a draft, to be used for testing the market. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Li’s AEIC at para 28.

Historically, the 2009 PPM was shown only to five investors, all of whom had
subscribed to the Fund in 2009, because the 2010 PPM was not finalised then.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Li’s AEIC at para 29.

According to Mr Li, these five investors were told that the 2009 PPM was only
pre-marketing material and the operative PPM would be finalised in due course.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Li’s AEIC at para 29.

17 Mr Li recalled that he had also given a copy of the 2009 PPM to Mr Xing
during a meeting in Beijing in early 2009. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Li’s AEIC at para 37.

This was because Mr Xing insisted that he needed a copy of the 2009 PPM in
order to understand the Fund better. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Li’s AEIC at para 37.

That copy of the 2009 PPM was therefore given to Mr Xing on the understanding
that it was for the personal reference of Mr Xing and his staff, and not for
distribution to investors. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Li’s AEIC at para 37.

18 Mr Li had brought to the Meeting a copy of the 2010 PPM and its
corresponding subscription forms (which contain no clauses about the Fund
being principal-guaranteed) to be given to Mr Lou. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 41 lines 25-31, p 42 lines 1-5; 15 Apr, p 3 lines 17-20.

However, when Mr Li arrived at the Meeting, he saw on the table subscriptions
forms which had already been signed by Mr Lou. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 3 lines 14-16.

It appeared to Mr Li that Mr Lou had already made up his mind to invest even
before Mr Li arrived at the Meeting. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Li’s AEIC at para 46.

19 Mr Li’s account of what transpired at the Meeting was as follows:

(a) He handed a copy of the 2010 PPM to Mr Lou upon meeting Mr Lou. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Li’s AEIC at para 47.

(b) He then performed “Know Your Client” checks and asked Mr Lou whether he
had any questions. Mr Lou had no questions for Mr Li. Specifically, Mr Lou did
not ask Mr Li about any guarantee. Mr Li then advised Mr Lou to read the 2010
PPM and explained briefly about matters relating to the Fund. The only
question Mr Lou asked was the deadline by which he should make his investment
in the Fund, and how payment was to be effected for that purpose. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 47.

(c) The two of them then spent the remaining time at the Meeting ironing out
some issues which Mr Lou had with cross-border capital controls. This resulted
in them signing a side agreement under which Mr Lou would transfer the sum
required for his investment in Renminbi to Mr Li’s bank account in China while
Mr Li would transfer an equivalent sum in Singapore dollars to Mr Lou’s bank
account in Singapore (“the Currency Exchange Agreement”). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 49–54.

(d) Mr Li did not countersign the Subscription Forms at the Meeting but
brought them back to Singapore. Three days later, he countersigned the
Subscription Forms and issued the share certificates for the preference shares
subscribed to by Mr Lou. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Li’s AEIC at para 63.

20 While Mr Li did not deny that the Subscription Forms were from the 2009
PPM, he explained that he had mistakenly thought that these were the
subscription forms from the 2010 PPM. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 14 lines 3-11.

He did not anticipate that the 2009 PPM would resurface nearly two and a half
years after the 2010 PPM had been in use. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Li’s AEIC at para 64.

21 In his closing submissions, Mr Li raised the following defences:

(a) Mr Li did not make the Representation. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 90-171.

If anyone had represented to Mr Lou that the Fund was principal-guaranteed, it
would have been Mr Xing for whom Mr Li should not be held responsible. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCS at paras 172-191.

(b) Mr Lou did not rely on any representations from Mr Li (even if any were
made). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at paras 200-201.

Mr Lou had already decided to make the Investment before meeting Mr Li and
pre-signed the Subscription Forms before Mr Li arrived at the Meeting. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DCS at paras 202-205.

(c) The Representation was not actionable as it was a representation of future
intention and not a representation of fact. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at paras 194-199.

(d) Any written representations in the 2009 PPM were made in the name of the
Fund. Mr Li should not be held responsible for them. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at para 192.

(e) Any written representations in the 2009 PPM were made on 1 February 2009,
before the Fund was constituted, and at a time when Mr Li would have no reason
to believe they were untrue. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at para 238.

22 Mr Li also argued that, even if the other elements of a claim for
fraudulent misrepresentation were made out, Mr Lou has suffered no damage
because Mr Lou has failed to prove any loss arising from the Investment. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at paras 232-237; Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at paras 123-134.

23 Mr Li raised two other defences in his pleadings. First, any claim by Mr
Lou should be against the Fund, and not against him, because he merely acted
as an agent of the Fund at the Meeting and Mr Lou knew of the same. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) (“Defence”) at para 11.

Second, Mr Lou had, by participating in the Redemption, acknowledged that the
2010 PPM (which contained no provision on principal guarantee) was the
effective PPM of the Fund, and so waived all rights to rely on the
Representation in subsequent claims against him. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defence at para 19.

As these defences were not raised during trial or in Mr Li’s submissions, I do
not propose to deal with them in these grounds.

Issues to be determined

24 Having regard to parties’ cases, there are two main issues to be
determined:

(a) Whether the requisite elements of a claim in fraudulent misrepresentation
have been established by Mr Lou?

(b) Assuming that Mr Li is liable to Mr Lou for fraudulent misrepresentation,
what would be the measure of damages?

Whether the requisite elements of a claim in fraudulent misrepresentation have
been established

Applicable principles

25 It is common ground that the elements which must be satisfied to establish
a claim in fraudulent misrepresentation are as set out in Panatron Pte Ltd and
another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 (“Panatron”) at [14],
namely:

(a) there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct;

(b) the representation must be made with the intention that it should be acted
upon by the plaintiff;

(c) it must be proved that the plaintiff had acted upon the false statement;

(d) it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage by so doing; and

(e) the representation must be made with knowledge that it is false - it must
be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief of
its truth.

26 Having regard to these principles, the sub-issues I need to address are:

(a) whether Mr Li had made the Representation to Mr Lou;

(b) whether the Representation was a representation of fact;

(c) whether the Representation was made by Mr Li with the intention that it be
acted upon by Mr Lou;

(d) whether Mr Lou had acted upon the Representation;

(e) whether Mr Lou had suffered damage in doing so; and

(f) whether the Representation had been made by Mr Li (if he did) with the
knowledge that it was false.

27 As for the applicable standard of proof, it is common ground that,
following the Court of Appeal’s decision in Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex
Supply Co) v Lek Benedict and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 263, even in cases where
fraud is alleged, the standard of proof in a civil case remains on a balance
of probabilities, although the more serious the allegation, the more the party
on whom the burden of proof falls may have to do in order to establish his
case (at [14]).

Whether Mr Li had made the Representation to Mr Lou

28 I find that Mr Li had made the Representation by telling Mr Lou that the
Fund was a principal-guaranteed fund, and by giving Mr Lou the 2009 PPM and
the Subscription Forms at the Meeting. This finding turns largely on the
assessment of the relative credibility of Mr Lou’s and Mr Li’s accounts of
what occurred at the Meeting.

29 Although I agree with Mr Li that Mr Lou could not clearly remember certain
details of the Meeting, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 98.

I do not think this undermines the overall reliability of Mr Lou’s testimony.
First, it is unsurprising that a witness will not remember every detail of
events which took place so many years ago. Secondly, the things which Mr Lou
could not remember, such as who helped Mr Lou fill up the English version of
the Subscription Forms at the Meeting 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, 30 Mar, p 53 lines 18-23.

or the exact duration of the Meeting 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 31 Mar, p 3 lines 14-15.

are matters of detail. It does not necessarily follow from Mr Lou’s inability
to remember such details that he would not be able to reliably recall the more
material aspects of the Meeting, such as whether the issue of the principal-
guarantee was discussed and from whom he had received the 2009 PPM. Similarly,
I do not think that the dispute over the accuracy of Mr Lou’s recollection
concerning whether Mr Li returned the countersigned Subscriptions Forms to Mr
Lou at the Meeting or only later (see [9] above) had a significant impact on
Mr Lou’s case. Overall, I found Mr Lou to be a candid witness who readily
conceded when mistakes were pointed out to him or reasonable propositions were
put to him. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript, 30 Mar, p 29 lines 18-21, p 48 lines 1-10,

On the other hand, I had difficulties with various aspects of Mr Li’s
testimony, as explained below.

Whether Mr Lou received the 2009 PPM from Mr Li

30 It is Mr Li’s testimony that he gave Mr Lou a copy of the 2010 PPM at the
Meeting. However, it is also undisputed that Mr Li had affixed his signature
to the 2009 PPM at the Meeting (see [8(d)] above). Therefore, if Mr Li’s
testimony (that he never brought any copy of the 2009 PPM to the Meeting, and
only handed Mr Lou a copy of the 2010 PPM) were to be believed, Mr Lou must
have already had the 2009 PPM with him before Mr Li arrived at the Meeting.
However, Mr Li’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) only states that he
saw the Subscription Forms on the table when he arrived at the Meeting (see
[18] above). There is no mention by Mr Li in his AEIC, nor in his testimony in
court, of him seeing Mr Lou already in possession of any copy of the Fund’s
PPM when he arrived at the Meeting.

31 When this point was explored in cross-examination, Mr Li inexplicably
denied that, if he had indeed given Mr Lou a copy of the 2010 PPM at the
Meeting, Mr Lou would have two sets of PPM with him at the end of the Meeting.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 6 lines 7–19.

After much toing-and-froing, Mr Li finally accepted that, based on his version
of the events, there would have been two sets of PPM at the Meeting, but he
continued to maintain that he did not realise, at the time of the Meeting,
that there had been two sets of PPM present. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 8 lines 14–16.

I find this part of Mr Li’s evidence illogical and lacking in credibility.

32 Mr Li suggested that Mr Lou could have obtained the 2009 PPM from Mr Xing.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCS at paras 185–190.

In this regard, Mr Li stated in his AEIC that Mr Xing asked Mr Li for a copy
of the 2009 PPM (even though its status was allegedly only a draft) because Mr
Xing wanted to understand the Fund better and gain an advantage over its
competitors who may similarly want to market the Fund. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Li’s AEIC at para 37.

During cross-examination, Mr Li gave another reason – that Mr Xing had made
the request because the Fund was then not yet a GIP-approved Fund, and Mr Xing
wanted to know the possibility of the Fund becoming a GIP-approved Fund. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 36 line 30–p 37 line 3.

These explanations do not sound logical. First, it is not clear why affording
Mr Xing a competitive advantage would require Mr Li to give Mr Xing an entire
“draft” of the PPM as opposed to merely giving Mr Xing additional details
about the Fund in the form of a factsheet or other marketing materials. That
is especially the case when Mr Li himself said that any copy of the Fund’s PPM
(whether the 2009 PPM or the 2010 PPM) was confidential and that it was a
security risk to circulate it to non-investors. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Li’s AEIC at para 36.

Secondly, I fail to see how obtaining a copy of the 2009 PPM (which was
allegedly only a draft) would assist Mr Xing in gauging the possibility of the
Fund becoming a GIP-approved Fund.

33 Mr Li made three other submissions on this point. First, the 2009 PPM was
only a draft and it was unlikely that Mr Li would have provided draft
documents to an investor. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS at paras 165–167.

Second, the 2009 PPM pre-dated the incorporation of the Fund and it would not
have made sense for Mr Li to offer documents which were dated before the
Fund’s incorporation for an investor’s subscription. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at para 168.

Third, given the high-risk areas which the Fund was required to invest in, it
would not have made commercial sense for Mr Li to represent that the Fund was
principal-guaranteed. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS at paras 169–171.

For reasons explained below, I do not accept any of these submissions.

34 In relation to the first submission, I am not persuaded that the 2009 PPM
was only a draft. It is not marked as a draft. It appears complete and ready
to be used in every respect, down to the corresponding subscription forms. In
fact, it is Mr Li’s own evidence that, between 16 April 2009 and 31 December
2009, five investors had “validly subscribed” to the 2009 PPM. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Li’s AEIC at para 29.

A PPM which was shown to investors after incorporation of the Fund and validly
subscribed to by investors cannot be described as a mere draft. As for the
second submission, I see nothing wrong with a PPM being prepared ahead of the
incorporation of a fund with a view towards the PPM being used once the fund
is ready to accept investments.

35 Finally, in relation to the third submission, Mr Li relied on the condition
imposed in Contact Singapore’s letter dated 27 February 2009, which required
the Fund to invest at least 50% of its total funds in Singapore-based
companies in the biomedical science, clean energy, environment and water,
healthcare, info-communications and media, nanotechnology, and urban solutions
sectors. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DBOD at p 69.

First, not all of these seven sectors are high-risk sectors. Second, Mr Li has
not explained how a mere 50% allocation to these sectors (as opposed to full
allocation) would make it untenable for the Fund to provide a principal-
guarantee. Third, even if Contact Singapore’s condition would make the Fund’s
investments more risky, it does not necessarily follow that it would be
senseless for Mr Li to misrepresent to investors that the Fund was principal-
guaranteed. In my view, it would not be unimaginable for a fund manager in Mr
Li’s position to consider it worthwhile to run the risk of providing a
principal-guarantee in return for attracting more investors. In fact, given Mr
Li’s claim that the first five investors who subscribed on the basis of the
2009 PPM all obtained returns similar to or better than that under a
principal-guarantee, 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Li’s AEIC at para 30.

it would appear that the making of the Representation by Mr Li may not have
been as senseless as his submission made it out to be.

36 In the light of the foregoing, I find that Mr Li had given Mr Lou the 2009
PPM at the Meeting.

Whether Mr Lou received the Subscription Forms from Mr Li

37 It is Mr Li’s position that every copy of the Fund’s PPM would have annexed
to it the corresponding subscription forms. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 45 line 13, p 46 lines 3–6.

It therefore follows, from my finding that Mr Lou received the 2009 PPM from
Mr Li, that Mr Lou also received from Mr Li the Subscription Forms, which
would have been annexed to the 2009 PPM. Nevertheless, for completeness, I
will explain in detail why Mr Li’s version of events concerning the
Subscription Forms is in any event unpersuasive.

38 In his AEIC, Mr Li explained that he had to prepare what he described as
“Change of PR Sponsors Letters” in advance of the Meeting as Mr Lou’s PR
application was originally sponsored by a different GIP-approved Fund. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Li’s AEIC at para 41.

During cross-examination, Mr Li added that he brought along three sets of
documents to the Meeting: (a) a copy of the 2010 PPM, (b) the Change of PR
Sponsors Letters to be signed by Mr Lou, and (c) an internal checklist. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 41 lines 27–31, p 42 lines 1-2.

39 Mr Li also agreed during cross-examination that, before the Meeting, his
expectation was that he would be giving Mr Lou the blank subscription forms at
the Meeting to complete and sign, and that he was “very surprised” when he saw
that Mr Lou had already signed the subscription forms when he (Mr Li) arrived
at the Meeting. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript 14 Apr, p 51 lines 18–25.

Mr Lou’s counsel then asked Mr Li whether, upon seeing the pre-signed
subscription forms on the table, Mr Li had asked Mr Lou or Mr Xing where the
forms came from. Mr Li replied that he did not. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript 14 Apr, p 53 line 13–16.

40 Mr Lou’s counsel then suggested to Mr Li that, upon seeing the pre-signed
subscription forms on the table, Mr Li would have known that these forms must
have come from the 2009 PPM previously given to Mr Xing by Mr Li. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 53 lines 18-21 and 25-26.

Mr Li replied in the negative, and proceeded to explain that, one week before
the Meeting, he had in a telephone conversation with Mr Xing indicated that he
would ask a staff to send a copy of the 2010 PPM and its corresponding
subscription forms over to Mr Xing. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 53 line 27-–p 54 line 2.

I find that Mr Li’s explanation lacks credibility. It is also inconsistent
with other parts of Mr Li’s evidence.

41 First, Mr Li did not state either in his AEIC or in the earlier parts of
his cross-examination that he had sent any documents to Mr Xing ahead of the
Meeting. I therefore consider this belated explanation to be an improvised
embellishment, aimed at explaining why the sight of the pre-signed
subscription forms would not have raised alarm in Mr Li’s mind that they could
have been the subscription forms from the 2009 PPM. This explanation is also
inconsistent with Mr Li’s earlier testimony that he was surprised to see the
pre-signed subscription forms. If Mr Li had indeed sent some subscription
forms to Mr Xing a few days before the Meeting, there would have been no
reason for Mr Li to be surprised to see the pre-signed subscription forms at
the Meeting. This explanation is also inconsistent with Mr Li’s earlier
testimony that he had expected to pass the blank subscription forms to Mr Lou
at the Meeting for Mr Lou to sign. Finally, it is also inconsistent with Mr
Li’s evidence in his AEIC that he would not normally provide any copy of the
Fund’s PPM (whether the 2009 PPM or the 2010 PPM) to non-investors as these
were confidential documents. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Li’s AEIC at para 36.

42 In the light of the foregoing, I find that Mr Lou was given the
Subscription Forms by Mr Li at the Meeting.

Whether Mr Li told Mr Lou that the Fund was principal-guaranteed

43 It is common ground that, at the Meeting, Mr Li briefed Mr Lou about the
Fund. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 12; Li’s AEIC at para 47.

It would be reasonable to expect that, during any such briefing, the issue of
investment risk would be touched upon. Therefore, on Mr Li’s case that he had
briefed Mr Lou based on the 2010 PPM, one would expect Mr Li to have
highlighted to Mr Lou that the Fund was making - in Mr Li’s words - “high-risk
investments”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Li’s AEIC at para 31.

Similarly, on Mr Lou’s case that he was briefed by Mr Li on the basis of the
2009 PPM, one would have expected the issue of whether the Fund was principal-
guaranteed to be discussed in the course of Mr Li’s briefing. In either
scenario, it would be extremely unlikely that the risk profile of the Fund was
not discussed at all at the Meeting.

44 Given the presence of Mr Li’s signature on the 2009 PPM, I find on the
balance of probabilities that Mr Li had briefed Mr Lou on the basis of the
2009 PPM. It therefore follows that it is more likely than not that Mr Lou
would have sought assurance from Mr Li at the Meeting that the Fund was indeed
principal-guaranteed, and Mr Li would have told Mr Lou that the Fund was
principal-guaranteed when briefing Mr Lou about the Fund using the 2009 PPM.

45 In addition, I consider that the presence of Mr Li’s signature on page four
of the Chinese version of the 2009 PPM corroborates Mr Lou’s evidence that he
was told by Mr Li that the Fund was principal-guaranteed. As the 2009 PPM
spanned 23 pages, it is noteworthy that Mr Li affixed his signature to only
one page of the document, which happened to be the page containing a
definition of the Fund that employs the phrase “principal-guaranteed fund
(exclusive of management fee)”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 68 and 91.

In his AEIC, Mr Li did not proffer any explanation for the existence of his
signature on the Chinese version of the 2009 PPM. In court, Mr Li explained
that, during the Meeting, Mr Xing suddenly asked him to sign this document and
he just signed as requested without reading the document carefully. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 69 lines 4-5, p 71 lines 28-31.

I find this explanation unbelievable.

46 One of Mr Li’s tasks at the Meeting was to get Mr Lou to sign the Fund’s
subscription forms and the Change of PR Sponsor Letters (see [38] above).
Given Mr Li’s evidence that he had brought the Subscription Forms back to
Singapore for processing by the Fund before countersigning them, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Li’s AEIC at para 63; Transcript, 15 Apr, p 4 lines 12-16.

he would not have expected himself to sign anything at the Meeting, other than
the Currency Exchange Agreement which was negotiated at the Meeting. The
Currency Exchange Agreement is a two-page document, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 117-118.

and is very different in appearance from the 2009 PPM. Given this context, I
find it unbelievable that Mr Li would have signed a random page in a 23-page
document at the Meeting without thinking, simply because Mr Xing had asked him
to do so.

47 I therefore find that Mr Li had orally represented to Mr Lou that the Fund
was a principal-guaranteed fund.

Whether written representations in the 2009 PPM and the Subscription Forms
were attributable to Mr Li

48 Mr Li also submitted that, as the 2009 PPM and the Subscription Forms were
made in the name of the Fund and emanated from the Fund, Mr Li should not be
held responsible for the written representations therein. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at paras 4.2 and 192.

Given my finding concerning the oral representation made by Mr Li, this
submission, even if accepted, would have made no difference to Mr Li’s
liability. In any event, I find no merit in this submission. It goes without
saying that one can make a representation by presenting the contents of a
document emanating from another. More importantly, in the present case, Mr Li
had, by signing on page four of the Chinese version of the 2009 PPM, expressly
adopted the representations contained on that page (if not the representations
contained in the entirety of the 2009 PPM) as his own.

Whether adverse inferences should be drawn from Mr Xing’s absence as a witness

49 As Mr Xing was also present at the Meeting, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 11; Transcript, 14 Apr, p 71 lines 23-27.

he is a material witness to what transpired at the Meeting. In the
circumstances, both Mr Lou and Mr Li urged the court to draw an adverse
inference against the other side pursuant to illustration (g) of s 116 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”) for not calling Mr
Xing to give evidence. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS at paras 142-148; DRS at paras 139-148.

50 At trial, Mr Lou explained that he had asked Mr Xing to give evidence but
Mr Xing declined on the basis that he was not in a position to come to court
to give evidence as he had received substantial commission from Mr Li. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, 31 Mar, p 19 lines 1–14.

Although Mr Li was not asked during cross-examination to explain why he did
not call Mr Xing to give evidence, he was asked a related question concerning
why he had not commenced legal proceedings against Mr Xing even though it was
his case that the Representation was made by Mr Xing. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 14 line 27-p 15 line 11.

Mr Li replied that his lawyers tried to contact Mr Xing but there was no
response from Mr Xing. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript 15 Apr, p 15 lines 12–13.

51 Illustration (g) to s 116 of the Evidence Act provides that the court may
presume “that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it”. Based on the statutory text, the
presumption only applies to evidence “which could be … produced” [emphasis
added] and the presumption may only be made against the person “who withholds
it”. Given that both sides claimed that they had contacted Mr Xing and were
not able to secure the desired response from him, Mr Xing’s testimony could
hardly be described as evidence “which could be … produced” by either side. It
therefore follows that neither side could reasonably be regarded as a party
“who withholds it”. As noted by MPH Rubin JC (as he then was) in Min Hong Auto
Supply Pte Ltd v Loh Chun Seng and another [1993] 1 SLR(R) 642 (“Min Hong”),
an adverse inference can be drawn “only if there is withholding of the
evidence but not merely on account of the failure to obtain evidence” (at
[63]).

52 The foregoing analysis is consistent with the Court of Appeal’s warning in
Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 (“Sudha Natrajan”)
that the drawing of an adverse inference must (at [20]):

depend on the circumstances of each case, and it is not the position that in
every situation in which a party fails to call a witness or give evidence, an
adverse inference must be drawn against that party.

In fact, a review of the decided cases shows that among the circumstances
which the court takes into account is the relationship of the absentee witness
with the party against whom an adverse inference is sought to be drawn. Thus
in Cheong Ghim Fah and another v Murugian s/o Rangasamy [2004] 1 SLR(R) 628
(“Cheong Ghim Fah”), an adverse inference was drawn against the defence
because the witness who failed to turn up was the defendant himself (at
[39]-[45]). In Sudha Natrajan, the question was whether an adverse inference
should be drawn against the appellant (the defendant in the suit) for not
calling her husband to give evidence (at [18]). In Teng Ah Kow and another v
Ho Sek Chiu and others [1993] 3 SLR(R) 43, the Court of Appeal held that the
trial judge erred in drawing an adverse inference against the plaintiff for
not calling a material witness who was an employee of the defendants (at
[28]). Instead, the court considered that the adverse inference should be
drawn against the defendants for not calling their employee to give evidence
(at [28]). In contrast, in Min Hong, which was a suit between the plaintiff-
purchaser and the defendant-vendor of land, the court declined to draw an
adverse inference against the plaintiff for not calling the real estate agent
who handled the transaction to give evidence (at [64]).

53 In the present case, Mr Xing was engaged by Mr Lou to assist with Mr Lou’s
PR application. At the same time, Mr Xing was also engaged by Mr Li to
introduce potential PR applicants to the Fund. As Mr Xing is an independent
third party who is equally accessible to both Mr Lou and Mr Li, his position
is analogous to that of the real estate agent in Min Hong. In this situation,
neither side could rightfully be said to have withheld evidence from the other
by not calling Mr Xing.

54 For the reasons given above, I declined to draw an adverse inference
against either Mr Lou or Mr Li for Mr Xing’s absence as a witness.

Whether the Representation is a representation of fact

55 Mr Li submitted that the Representation is not actionable because it is not
a statement of existing fact but a statement of future intention. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at paras 194-199.

In this regard, Mr Li relied on Zuraimi bin Mohamed Dahlan and another v
Zularnine B Hafiz and another [2020] SGHC 219 (“Zuraimi”) where it was held
that a representation that “the plaintiffs would receive dividends on their
investments in the Companies, which would be paid annually by electronic
transfer” was not actionable as it “pertain[ed] to a future event” (at [9(e)]
and [51]).

56 It will be helpful to examine the exact terms of the alleged
Representation. In the Statement of Claim, the Representation was described
as: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

SOC at para 3.

... the Fund was a principal-guaranteed fund (exclusive of management fee) in
that the Plaintiff could get back the principal of his investment sum (less
management fee) after 5 years ….

57 The written representation in the Subscription Forms relied on by Mr Lou
reads: 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 113 and 116.

The Investor understands the Fund is an immigration-linked fund which is
managed by Sunmax Global Capital Pte. Ltd. The Fund is principal-guaranteed
fund [sic] (exclusive of management fee). For example, if you invest
S$1,500,000 in our fund, you will get at least of [sic] S$1,237,500 back just
after 5 years

The 2009 PPM also contained written representations in similar terms in its
executive summary 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 68 and 91.

and in section IV, paragraph 1. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Lou’s AEIC at pp 73 and 96.

58 As for the oral representation made at the Meeting, Mr Lou described it in
his AEIC in the following terms: 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 12.

Li Hua briefed me on the Fund. He told me that the investment sum would be 1.5
million Singapore dollars. The investment period was 5 years, and on the
expiry of the 5 years, I would get back at least the 1.5 million dollars less
the Fund’s management fee. This meant that even in the worst-case scenario
where the Fund did not make money with my investment, I would be guaranteed
that my principal sum (less management fee) would be intact and returned to me
after 5 years. The Mandarin term that Li Hua used was “保本” (bao ben), meaning
that the principal was guaranteed.

59 Each of the representations referred to at [56]–[58] above is, on closer
analysis, a double-barrelled representation in the sense that they each
contain the following two elements:

(a) the Fund was principal-guaranteed (or “保本” (bao ben)) (“the First
Element”); and

(b) Mr Lou would get back at least the principal sum of the Investment (less
management fee) after five years (“the Second Element”).

60 Mr Li’s submission focused on the Second Element and argued that this is a
statement of future intention. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

DCS at para 198; DRS at para 118.

In response, Mr Lou submitted that it is wrong to focus on the Second Element
to the exclusion of the First Element, since the operative part of the
Representation is in the First Element, while the Second Element merely
explained what was meant by “principal-guaranteed”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at para 53.

Mr Lou submitted that the First Element constituted a statement of fact
concerning a characteristic of the Fund which existed at the time the
Representation was made. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS at paras 32–33; PRS at para 49.

In response, Mr Li merely disputed that the First Element was borne out by the
evidence. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DRS at paras 13-18.

Mr Li’s submission did not grapple with whether the First Element, if proved,
would constitute a statement of existing fact. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DRS 117–118.

61 Given my conclusions at [36], [42] and [47] above, I find as a fact that
both elements of the Representation had been proved by Mr Lou. I also consider
that the presence of the Frist Element sufficiently distinguishes the present
case from the facts of Zuraimi. I therefore hold that the First Element is a
statement of existing fact concerning how the Fund was designed and
structured. Although such a statement carries the implication, as elaborated
in the Second Element, that the Fund was making a contractual promise to
guarantee the principal, that does not make the statement any less a statement
of existing fact concerning a characteristic of the Fund.

Whether Mr Li made the Representation with the intention that it be acted upon
by Mr Lou

62 Since I have found that the issue of whether the Fund was a principal-
guaranteed fund would have been discussed between Mr Lou and Mr Li at the
Meeting, and that Mr Lou would have sought assurance from Mr Li on whether the
Fund was a principal-guaranteed fund before deciding to make the Investment
(see [44] above), I also find that the Representation, which was made by Mr Li
to assure Mr Lou, would have been made by Mr Li with the intention that it be
acted upon by Mr Lou.

Whether Mr Lou acted upon the Representation

63 I find that Mr Lou acted upon the Representation because he would have
withheld his decision to make the Investment until he was assured at the
Meeting by Mr Li that the Fund was a principal-guaranteed fund (see [65]
below). I also reject Mr Li’s submission that Mr Lou had made the Investment
as a result of his reliance on reasons other than the Representation (see
[69]-[71] below).

Mr Lou relied upon the Representation because he only made up his mind to make
the Investment at the Meeting

64 I reject Mr Li’s submission that Mr Lou had already decided to make the
Investment before the Meeting after hearing from Mr Xing that the Fund was a
principal-guaranteed fund, and so did not rely on the Representation made at
the Meeting by him. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DCS at paras 204-206.

Mr Lou said in his AEIC that the Meeting was for him to “confirm [his]
investment in the Fund” [emphasis added]. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Lou’s AEIC at para 9.

He was questioned on the same during cross-examination: 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript, 30 Mar, p 50 lines 24-30, p 51 lines 1-9.

Q. So your position is still that on 10 April 2012, the purpose is for you to
confirm your investment in [the Fund]?

A. What kind of confirmation?

Q. It’s your evidence, so you have to explain.

A. I did have my money ready and if, let’s say, everything was discussed and
settled at [the Meeting], then I can go ahead with the investment.

Q. Now, you have been told it’s principal-guaranteed. What other conditions …
you wanted to know or talk about at [the Meeting]?

A. There are different varieties. For instance, principal-guaranteed with
benefits and also principal-guaranteed with no benefits. Because there are so
many different combinations, I must meet [Mr Li] and understand it from him.

Q. So what you wanted to know was what are the other benefits … of investing
in [the Fund]. Is that correct?

A. Yes.

[emphasis added]

65 Evidently, Mr Lou did not perceive the Meeting as a mere formality to
finalise the Investment – he had envisioned a discussion during the Meeting
with Mr Li about what the Fund offered. It was only after “everything was
discussed and settled” that Mr Lou would go forward with the Investment. I
therefore accept Mr Lou’s submission that he had not yet decided to make the
Investment before the Meeting. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PRS at para 62.

66 Furthermore, Mr Xing was only an immigration services agent responsible for
introducing Mr Lou to various investment schemes to facilitate his PR
application. Whatever Mr Xing had said of those investment schemes, it would
only be prudent on the part of Mr Lou to find out more information from
persons authorised to represent those investment schemes - that was why the
Meeting had been arranged in the first place. I therefore accept Mr Lou’s
submission that he would not have decided to make the Investment without first
meeting and hearing from a representative of the Fund (ie, Mr Li) as regards
its details. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PRS at para 68.

67 For completeness, I would also add that, even if Mr Lou had relied on Mr
Xing’s recommendation in his decision to make the Investment, that would not
have prevented me from finding that he had acted upon the Representation. As a
matter of law, there is no requirement that a misrepresentation must be the
sole inducement, and it suffices that the misrepresentation played a real and
substantial part and operated on the representee’s mind in his decision to
enter into the fraudulently induced transaction (Panatron ([25] above) at
[20]-[23]).

Mr Li’s submissions on why Mr Lou could not have relied on the Representation

68 I now turn to consider Mr Li’s submissions as to why Mr Lou could not have
relied on the Representation.

(1) Allegation that Mr Lou would not have believed the Representation

69 Mr Li submitted that Mr Lou, as a savvy businessman, would not have
believed the Representation and so could not have relied on it because it came
from a stranger whom he had met for only two hours. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at para 215-217.

I do not agree with Mr Li’s characterisation of himself as a “stranger”. Mr Li
was not just any stranger who accosted Mr Lou on the streets unsolicited. Mr
Li was introduced to Mr Lou by Mr Xing, who had a prior working relationship
with Mr Li. Mr Li held credentials as a director of an investment fund which
had been approved by a Singapore government agency for the purposes of the
GIP. That lent credibility to whatever Mr Li said about the Fund and made it
likely that Mr Lou would believe it, and therefore rely on it. Furthermore,
from Mr Lou’s perspective, Mr Li’s oral representations were backed up by the
contents of the 2009 PPM and the Subscription Forms.

70 On the contrary, the fact that Mr Lou was a savvy businessman would mean
that it was less likely that he would have decided to make the Investment
solely on the basis of representations made by Mr Xing, who did not represent
the Fund, and more likely that Mr Lou would have deferred any decision to
invest till after he had met Mr Li personally.

(2) Allegation that Mr Lou made the Investment because of the Currency
Exchange Agreement

71 Mr Li also submitted that Mr Lou made the Investment because of Mr Li’s
willingness to enter into the Currency Exchange Agreement, and not because he
was induced by the Representation. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at paras 220-227.

I do not accept this submission. In my view, the mere fact that the Currency
Exchange Agreement may have been an important factor in Mr Lou’s decision to
invest does not mean that Mr Lou could not have, at the same time, been
induced by the Representation to make the Investment. The two are not mutually
exclusive.

72 For the reasons above, I find that Mr Lou had acted upon the Representation
in his decision to make the Investment.

Whether Mr Lou had suffered damage by acting upon the Representation

73 For the reasons discussed at [80]–[83] below, it is clear that Mr Lou had
suffered damage by acting upon the Representation.

Whether the Representation was made by Mr Li with the knowledge that it was
false

74 It is clear that by the time of the Meeting, based on the terms of the 2010
PPM and the Fund’s articles of association, the Fund offered no principal-
guarantee for its investors. Hence, at the time of the Meeting, Mr Li knew
that the Fund was not a principal-guaranteed fund. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 14 Apr, p 59 lines 7–9.

Therefore, I find that the Representation was made by Mr Li with the knowledge
that it was false.

75 Mr Li submitted that any written representations in the 2009 PPM were made
on 1 February 2009, at a time when Mr Li genuinely believed they were true.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS at para 238.

This does not assist Mr Li, as the Representation was not made at the time Mr
Li drafted the 2009 PPM, but at the time Mr Li presented the 2009 PPM to Mr
Lou.

76 For the above reasons, I find that Mr Li is liable to Mr Lou for fraudulent
misrepresentation.

Damages

Applicable principles

77 An award of damages for deceit seeks to put the plaintiff into the position
he would have been if no false representation had been made. What this means
in practical terms may be discerned from Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 where the Court of Appeal cited with approval certain
passages from the decision of the House of Lords in Smith New Court Securities
Ltd v Citibank NA [1997] AC 254 (“Smith New Court”) (at [21]-[22]). Of
particular relevance for present purposes is the statement by Lord Browne-
Wilkinson in Smith New Court that, in the context of a fraudulently induced
transaction involving the purchase of shares (at 267):

… the plaintiff is entitled to recover by way of damages the full price paid
by him, but he must give credit for any benefits which he has received as a
result of the transaction.

Of similar relevance is the statement by Lord Steyn in Smith New Court that
(at 282):

[t]he legal measure is to compare the position of the plaintiff as it was
before the fraudulent statement was made to him with his position as it became
as a result of his reliance on the fraudulent statement.

The appropriate measure of damages

78 Applying these principles, the prima facie measure of damages would be the
$1.5m which Mr Lou had parted with as a result of relying on the
Representation in deciding to make the Investment, less any benefits he had
derived from the Redemption.

79 Under the terms of the Redemption, Mr Lou received a cash distribution of
$224,510 (“the Cash Distribution”) and is further entitled to 1,500 shares in
a Liquidating Special Purpose Vehicle (“LSPV”) to which the Fund would assign
its non-cash assets. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Li’s AEIC at pp 274-278 and 298.

These non-cash assets include shares held by the Fund in six different
companies (that were identified in the Redemption Offer Letter) as well as
proceeds from two lawsuits. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Li’s AEIC at para 81.

80 Mr Li submitted that Mr Lou has suffered no loss because the Redemption
puts Mr Lou in a better position than he would have been pursuant to the
principal-guarantee. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS at para 236; Li’s AEIC at para 82.

Mr Li further submitted that, as Mr Lou has adduced no evidence to refute Mr
Li’s assertion in this regard, Mr Lou has failed to prove that he suffered
damage. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS at paras 232, 233 and 237.

81 During cross-examination, Mr Li accepted that:

(a) to date, Mr Lou has not been issued any shares in the LSPV 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 19 lines 2-25.

and there is no fixed timeline as to when the shares in the LSPV would be
distributed; 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 24 lines 10–12.

(b) to date, none of the Fund’s non-cash assets have been transferred to the
LSPV; 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 22 lines 10-12.

(c) to date, no sum has been recovered by the Fund pursuant to judgments given
in the lawsuits, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 23 lines 24–29.

there is no fixed timeline as to when the litigation proceeds will be
distributed and no certainty as to how much of the judgment sums can be
recovered; 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript. 15 Apr, p 24 lines 13–16.

and

(d) of the six companies listed in the Redemption Offer Letter, the Fund
currently still hold shares in only one of them. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript, 15 Apr, p 18 lines 5-27.

In addition, Mr Li has provided no evidence on the value of the shares of any
of these six companies.

82 While I agree with Mr Li that Mr Lou bears the legal burden to prove his
loss, I am of the view that Mr Lou has adduced sufficient evidence to shift
the evidential burden to Mr Li to show that the Redemption would result in Mr
Li suffering no loss. The principle applicable here may be illustrated by
reference to the English Court of Appeal’s decision in Parallel Imports
(Europe) Ltd v Radivan and another [2007] EWCA Civ 1373. In that case, the
defendant represented to the claimant that 36 specified Ford cars, identified
by chasis numbers, were available from a dealer (“Deprince”). In fact, the
cars were no longer available from Deprince because the defendant’s company
had already bought, taken delivery of and sold those 36 cars. Acting on the
defendant’s misrepresentation, the claimant transferred payment for those cars
to Deprince. The defendant submitted that the claimant has suffered no loss in
transferring the payment to Deprince because Deprince was entitled to keep the
payment to set off the claimant’s pre-existing liability to Deprince. This
submission succeeded at first instance even though neither side called
evidence from Deprince about the alleged pre-existing liability. On appeal, it
was held that the trial judge was wrong to place the burden on the claimant to
show that Deprince was not entitled to keep the payment. Specifically, the
court held that (at [29]):

[the claimant] had proved that a fraudulent misrepresentation was made by [the
defendant] to [the claimant], that [the claimant] was induced to make a
payment to Deprince that it would not have otherwise made, that the cars paid
for were not available and that [the claimant] was not repaid. In our
judgment, it was for [the defendant] to adduce evidence showing that [the
claimant] had in reality suffered no loss by making the payment, because
Deprince was entitled to keep it in respect of [the claimant’s] existing
liability to it.

83 In the present case, Mr Lou had proved that he parted with $1.5m by acting
on the Representation and had received nothing from the Redemption beyond the
Cash Distribution. In this situation, and especially having regard to the
answers provided by Mr Li in cross-examination as set out at [81] above, the
burden falls on Mr Li to show that the Redemption would result in Mr Lou
suffering no loss. Mr Li has not discharged this burden.

84 As for the quantification of damages, in the light of the matters alluded
to at [81] above, I accept Mr Lou’s submission that any further benefits from
the Redemption beyond the Cash Distribution remain uncertain and speculative.
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PCS at paras 115-122.

In the circumstances, the appropriate quantification would be to give judgment
to Mr Lou for the sum of $1.5m less the Cash Distribution.

85 However, since there remains a potential for further distributions to be
made by the Fund arising from the Redemption, I hold that, should there be
further distributions from the Fund, these should be taken into account in
order to avoid double recovery. If there are further distributions from the
Fund after Mr Li has fully satisfied this judgment, then Mr Li is entitled to
be subrogated to Mr Lou’s right to such distributions. If Mr Lou were to
receive further distributions before this judgment is fully satisfied, then in
the enforcement of this judgment, Mr Lou should give credit to Mr Li for any
such further distributions received.

Whether account should be taken of the possibility that Mr Lou might have made
loss-making investments in other GIP-approved Funds

86 Finally, Mr Li submitted that Mr Lou would have invested in some other GIP-
approved Funds to obtain his PR even if he did not make the Investment, and so
would have suffered losses anyway. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DCS at paras 247-248.

He submitted that the onus is on Mr Lou to adduce evidence of what other
potential GIP-approved Funds he was considering at that point in time as well
as evidence of the extent of losses suffered by such alternative funds, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

DCS at paras 248–249.

and that Mr Lou’s failure to do so meant that he had adduced insufficient
evidence to prove his alleged loss. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCS at paras 250-251.

Mr Li has not cited any authority to support this proposition.

87 By this submission, Mr Li was saying that a court assessing damages for
deceit should take into account losses from hypothetical transactions which
the plaintiff would have entered into in place of the fraudulently induced
transaction. This appears to be an issue that has not been decided in any
local cases. In England, prior to the decision in Yam Seng Pte Ltd v
International Trade Corporation Ltd [2013] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 526 (“Yam Seng”), the
generally accepted legal position was summarised in Clerk & Lindsell on Torts
(Michael A Jones gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2010) (“Clerk & Lindsell”)
as follows (at para 18-45):

… where a defendant deceives the claimant into entering a business
transaction, the claimant is entitled to recover the loss he suffers as a
result, without reference to the fact that he might otherwise have invested
his money in some other unprofitable way and lost it anyway.

88 In Yam Seng, Leggatt J noted that a number of recent cases had allowed a
claimant to recover as damages for fraudulent misrepresentation profits that
he would have obtained from hypothetical alternative transactions (at
[213]-[216]). He then observed that, in circumstances where the claimant can
recover a profit that would have been obtained from some other transaction, it
must in principle be equally relevant to take account of any loss (at [217]).
Leggatt J went on to state that the evidential burden is on the defendant to
show that if the misrepresentation had not been made, the claimant would have
incurred a loss (at [217(v)]). In this regard, the defendant has to
demonstrate, with a reasonable degree of certainty, that the claimant would
probably have suffered a loss from an alternative transaction and the amount
of that loss (at [217(vi)]). On the facts, Leggatt J did not reduce the
damages on this account as the defendant had not even attempted to quantify
what loss the claimant would have suffered under a hypothetical alternative
transaction (at [218]).

89 Given the state of the evidence in the present case, it is not necessary
for me to decide whether I should adopt the principles articulated by Leggatt
J in Yam Seng or adhere to the more traditional understanding as summarised in
the passage from Clerk & Lindsell quoted at [87] above. This is because, even
if I were to follow Yam Seng, Mr Li would have failed to discharge his burden
of showing that Mr Lou would have suffered losses from making alternative
investments.

Conclusion

90 For all the reasons above, I allowed Mr Lou’s claim against Mr Li and gave
judgment in favour of Mr Lou for S$1,275,490 with interest at 5.33% per annum
from the date of issue of the writ.

91 I also ordered that costs are to be taxed or fixed if not agreed.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chia Foon Yeow (Loo & Partners LLP) for the plaintiff;

Koong Len Sheng, Richard Yeoh Kar Hoe and Eileen Tok See Teng (David Lim &
Partners LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Oct 2021 (16:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

