Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 245

Originating Summons No 288 of 2022

(Summons No 2621 of 2022)

Between

| British and Malayan Trustees Limited  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Ameen Ali Salim Talib  
---|---  
(2)| Helmi Bin Ali Bin Talib  
(3)| Murtada Ali Salem Talib  
(4)| Saadaldeen Ali Salim Talib  
(5)| Shawqi Ali Salem Talib  
(6)| Lutfi Salim bin Talib  
(7)| Zayed bin Abdul Aziz Talib  
|  
|  
  
… Respondents

Judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Parties] — [Representation of interested persons] —
[Whether interested persons should be represented pursuant to O 15 r 13(2)(c)
of the Rules of Court 2014]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
British and Malayan Trustees Ltd

  

v

  

Ameen Ali Salim Talib and others

[2022] SGHC 245

High Court — Originating Summons No 288 of 2022 (Summons No 2621 of 2022)  
Vincent Hoong J

23 September 2022

30 September 2022 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

1 In the 1930s, a wealthy Yemenese trader (“the Settlor”) made provisions to
distribute the income from his large portfolio of immovable properties in
Singapore amongst his family members and their offspring (“the Settlement”).
Under the Settlement, each son and daughter of the Settlor would receive two
and one portion of the net income of the Settlement respectively, which
portion(s) would be passed on to their offspring in a 2:1 ratio that favours
male offspring. Each portion would continue being passed on to subsequent
offspring within each beneficiary’s lineage unless the beneficiary dies
without an offspring or marries out of the Muslim faith.

2 In the last two decades, four beneficiaries have had their lineages broken
in the following manner: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Ngiam Hai Peng (28 March 2022) (“NHP-1”) at [22] and [31]–[49].

(a) Hana Bte Salem Taleb (“Hana”), who was married to a non-Muslim at the time
of her father’s passing in 2001, and who was thus deemed to have died without
offspring under the Settlement;

(b) Noor Bte Ali Bin Sallim Bin Talib (“Noor”), who passed away in 2003
without any offspring;

(c) Salleh Bin Amir Talib (“Salleh”), who passed away in 2008 without any
offspring; and

(d) Shafeeq bin Salim Talib (“Shafeeq”), who passed away in 2014 without any
offspring.

3 How should the interests of beneficiaries who died without offspring be
distributed? After obtaining legal advice, the British and Malayan Trustees
Ltd (“the Trustee”) decided to divide and hold the shares of the four
beneficiaries (see [2] above) amongst all the surviving income beneficiaries
under the Settlement (“the pari passu interpretation”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NHP-1 at [16].

However, upon Shafeeq’s death in 2014, questions began arising as regards the
correctness of the pari passu interpretation.

4 Being unable to resolve the issue of the proper interpretation under the
Settlement, the Trustee took out Originating Summons No 163 of 2019 (“OS
163”). After considering the conflicting legal opinions put forth by the
parties, I held that the pari passu interpretation was incorrect. Instead,
where a beneficiary like Shafeeq passes away without offspring, his or her
share ought to accrue to other beneficiaries who own shares under the same
lineage (or portion) (“the branch interpretation”). In other words, Shafeeq’s
share under the Settlement ought to remain within his mother Aisha’s portion,
in the sense that it ought to accrue to his siblings, who were the surviving
beneficiaries under Aisha’s lineage, rather than split amongst all
beneficiaries under the Settlement (see British Malayan Trustees v Lutfi Salim
bin Talib and others [2019] SGHC 270 at [51]).

5 My decision in OS 163 was not appealed against. As such, owing to the
incorrect application of the pari passu interpretation in respect of Hana’s,
Noor’s, Salleh’s, and Shafeeq’s shares, most beneficiaries have been overpaid,
while some beneficiaries (eg, Shafeeq’s siblings) have been underpaid over the
years. After some accounting, the extent of overpayment (and concomitant
underpayment) to the beneficiaries between November 2001 and November 2019
amounted to $2,959,842. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NHP-1 at [70].

6 Given the extent of overpayment and underpayment, the Trustee has taken out
the present Originating Summons (“OS 288”), seeking directions on whether they
may “exercise the [T]rustee’s right of equitable recoupment in relation to the
past distributions of income … paid to the beneficiaries under a mistaken
construction of the terms of the Settlement, … and, if so, the terms on which
such said recoupment is to be exercised”.

7 In this judgment, I deal with an interlocutory application by five overpaid
beneficiaries, namely the 1st to 5th Respondents (“the Group 1 Respondents”),
pursuant to O 15 r 13(2)(c) of the Rules of Court 2014 (“ROC 2014”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st to 5th Respondents’ Written Submissions (1RWS) at [14].

The rule provides that the Court may allow certain persons to represent any
person or class if “it appears to the Court expedient (regard being had to all
the circumstances, including the amount at stake and the degree of difficulty
of the point to be determined) to exercise the power for the purpose of saving
expense” [emphasis added].

8 According to the Group 1 Respondents, the application should be granted for
parity with OS 163, where a similar application was granted by consent. The
prior consent, it is said, leads to “the natural inference” that the present
application is necessary “for the purpose of saving expenses” as the present
OS follows from my decision in OS 163. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1RWS at [24].

This is subject to the caveat that the Group 1 Respondents are agreeable for
one Mr Mustafa bin Mohsin bin Salim Talib (“Mr Mustafa”) to be excluded from
the list of beneficiaries whom they will be representing. Mr Mustafa is an
overpaid beneficiary pursuant to the incorrect application of the pari passu
interpretation, but he supports the proposal of repayment to the underpaid
beneficiaries from 2014, being the date when the Shafeeq’s siblings first
challenged the pari passu interpretation, which had gone unchallenged until
then. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NHP-1 at p 251.

9 Having carefully considered the parties submissions and affidavits, I only
allow the application in part to order that the Group 1 Respondents be
appointed the representatives of the 15 (of the 77) non-Respondent
beneficiaries who have given their written consent. I do so for the following
reasons.

10 First, unlike OS 163, where it was not difficult to distinguish between the
two groups (ie, those advocating for the pari passu interpretation and those
advocating for the branch interpretation), I agree with the Trustee that it is
not clear in OS 288 whether the “interests and positions of all the
beneficiaries can be clearly delineated”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at [28].

Even if it is held that the Trustee can exercise its right of equitable
recoupment, and even if such right can be practically exercised as against all
overpaid beneficiaries (ie, all beneficiaries under the pari passu
interpretation), it cannot be said that all overpaid beneficiaries will adopt
a similar stance as regards the recoupment. There are at least three classes
of overpaid beneficiaries, namely:

(a) beneficiaries who resist the recoupment entirely;

(b) beneficiaries like Mr Mustafa who may be agreeable to some recoupment, for
example up to 2014, when the pari passu method of distribution was first
challenged; 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NHP’s 4th Affidavit at [11] and pp 249 to 251.

and

(c) beneficiaries who do not resist the recoupment at all, whether because of
reasons of equity and fairness or otherwise.

11 Differences may also occur within the above sub-classes. For example,
beneficiaries who are agreeable to some recoupment may differ as to the time
in which such recoupment should be cut-off. For this reason, it is not
possible to interpret the lack of response by the remaining non-Respondent
beneficiaries as intimating consent to whatever position that the Group 1
Respondents will be taking. This is particularly so as the position to be
taken by the Group 1 Respondents has not been finalised and may be changed
upon deeper research of the relevant authorities as regards the issue of
equitable recoupment. Given this, sub-divisions may also form within the Group
1 Respondents at a later stage.

12 Furthermore, since Hana’s, Noor’s, Salleh’s, and Shafeeq’s shares were all
incorrectly distributed pursuant to the pari passu interpretation, it is
reasonable to infer that at least some of the remaining 77 non-Respondent
beneficiaries will be underpaid, rather than overpaid, beneficiaries.
Accordingly, it is likelier that such underpaid beneficiaries would have
positions that align closer to those of the 6th and 7th Respondents (“the
Group 2 Respondents”), which includes Lutfi Salim bin Talib, Shafeeq’s
brother. In addition, sub-groups may also arise amongst the underpaid
beneficiaries, for instance as to the appropriate start date for the repayment
(if any). It may be envisaged in this regard that beneficiaries sharing Hana’s
lineage would advocate for a start date of 2001, when she was deemed to have
passed without offspring, while Shafeeq’s siblings would be content to have a
start date of 2014, when Shafeeq passed, since an earlier date would have no
practical impact on them.

13 Secondly, it is significant to note that all beneficiaries have been
alerted to these proceedings even before it was initiated. Prior to taking out
this OS, the Trustee gave all the beneficiaries notice of its intention to do
so by way of a Trustee’s Circular. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See NHP-1 at [132]–[137].

Any beneficiary who was interested to be heard in this OS could inform the
Trustee, and the Trustee would facilitate the same. After this OS was filed on
28 March 2022, the Trustee then issued another Trustee’s Circular, inviting
interested beneficiaries to review the filed application and affidavit, while
also requesting beneficiaries who wished to be heard by the Court or
participate in the proceedings to inform them accordingly. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ngiam Hai Peng’s affidavit of 27 May 2022 at [7].

Following this, on 4 and 5 April 2022 respectively, the Group 2 and Group 1
Respondents wrote to the Trustee through their solicitors, informing the
Trustee that they wanted to be heard and to participate in OS 288. On 8 April
2022, the Trustee issued a further Trustee’s Circular inviting any other
beneficiary to notify them of their intention to be heard in these
proceedings. No further responses were received, and on the Trustee’s
application and by an order of court dated 21 June 2022, the 1st to 7th
Respondents were added as respondents to this OS. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

HC/ORC 3204/2022.

14 Put simply, there was more than ample opportunity for interested
beneficiaries to be added as Respondents in this OS. Against this, the Group 1
Respondents submit that the majority of beneficiaries are located in Singapore
and Yemen, and due to the ongoing conflict and civil war in Yemen, the Trustee
has experienced difficulty in communicating with the beneficiaries located
there. This may have hindered the ability of certain beneficiaries to contact
the Trustee to indicate their intention to participate in these proceedings.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1RWS at [16] – [18].

15 In my view, this is entirely speculative. As the Group 2 Respondents
submit, the present OS emanates from OS 163, which was initiated more than
three years ago. Since then, there have been numerous correspondence between
the Trustee and the beneficiaries by way of Trustee’s Circulars. No evidence
has been tendered by the Group 1 Respondents supporting the assertion that
because of the war, these beneficiaries have not been able to participate in
the present proceedings. If these beneficiaries were unable to stay in contact
with Trustee due to the Yemeni war, this begs the question as to how they have
been able to receive payments from the Trustee under the Settlement during the
same period. It is reasonable to surmise that such payments would not have
been insignificant and that notwithstanding the war, at least some of the
beneficiaries based in Yemen would have reached out to the Trustee if they
stopped receiving such payments. Furthermore, as the Group 1 Respondents
accept, the majority of beneficiaries are located in Yemen and Singapore. If
so, why have the beneficiaries who are not based in Yemen not indicated their
intention to participate in these proceedings, notwithstanding repeated
notices from the Trustee? The simpler and more obvious answer must be that
they have no intention to participate in the present OS, whether for time and
costs considerations or otherwise.

16 To this, the Group 1 Respondents submit that the non-Respondent
beneficiaries “may not be comfortable with [the Trustee] representing their
interests in OS 288”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1RWS at [37(b)], see also Helmi’s First Affidavit at [28].

Again, this is entirely speculative, and goes against the grain of the Trustee
Circulars sent by the Trustee, which explained that the Trustee was not
seeking to represent the interests of the beneficiaries. Rather, by the
circulars, interested beneficiaries were invited to indicate their interest so
that they may be added as Respondents to OS 288 and to provide their
viewpoints for the Court’s consideration.

17 Thirdly, and related to the above, it appears improper for the Group 1
Respondents to purport to represent all remaining beneficiaries in the present
OS. O 80 r 3 of ROC 2014 provides the mechanism for interested beneficiaries
to be added to the OS, and this was the basis by which the Group 1 and 2
Respondents were joined to these proceedings. It also does not appear
necessary, nor is it “expedient … for the purpose of saving expense” (O 15 r
13(2)(c) of ROC 2014) for the remaining beneficiaries to be added as
respondents to OS 288. The present OS has been taken out pursuant to O 80 r 2
of ROC 2014, for a determination of an issue pertaining to the administration
of the Settlement. This is significant, because whereas O 15 r 4(2) of ROC
2014 provides that “[w]here the plaintiff in any action claims any relief to
which any other person is entitled jointly with him, all persons so entitled
must … be parties to the action and any of them who does not consent to being
joined as a plaintiff must … be made a defendant”, O 80 r 3(2) provides an
exception to this general rule:

(2) Notwithstanding anything in Order 15, Rule 4(2), and without prejudice to
the powers of the Court under that Order, all the persons having a beneficial
interest in or claim against the estate or having a beneficial interest under
the trust, as the case may be, to which such an action as is mentioned in
paragraph (1) relates need not be parties to the action; but the plaintiff may
make such of those persons, whether all or any one or more of them, parties
as, having regard to the nature of the relief or remedy claimed in the action,
he thinks fit. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

18 In other words, for the purposes of the present OS, there is no necessity
for the remaining beneficiaries to be added as parties to the action. The
mechanism is also clearly in place for any interested beneficiary to be added
as a respondent and to provide his or her viewpoint. Despite this and
notwithstanding multiple notices by the Trustee for interested beneficiaries
to indicate their interest, only the seven Respondents have indicated their
interest to being added as parties to this action.

19 For the above reasons, I do not think it expedient for the purpose of
saving expense to allow the Group 1 Respondents to represent the interests of
all remaining beneficiaries, in particular given that these beneficiaries may
diverge into any of the sub-groups discussed at [10]–[12] above and adopt
contrasting positions later on. This may complicate the matter further, and it
is improper, by this summons, to dissect and concretise the positions of all
beneficiaries to the positions to be taken by the Group 1 and Group 2
Respondents only. Accordingly, I allow the summons only in part, in that I
will make an order allowing the Group 1 Respondents to act as representatives
of the 15 beneficiaries who have provided their express written consent to
have their interests represented by the Group 1 Respondents. I note in this
regard that neither the Trustee nor the Group 2 Respondents have raised any
concerns on the legitimacy of the consent provided by these 15 beneficiaries.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See 6th and 7th Respondent’s Written Submissions at [23]

20 I should make it clear that my order does not prejudice any subsequent
application by other non-Respondent beneficiaries, such as Mr Mustafa, who
wish to be added as respondents; if such applications are made in the future,
they will be considered by reference to the applicable principles and will not
be foreclosed simply because of the present application.

21 Finally, on the issue of costs, parties are to file their written
submissions on costs and disbursements limited to ten pages within 14 days of
the date of this judgment, with a right of reply within seven days thereafter,
limited to five pages. I will then make my decision on costs.

Vincent Hoong

Judge of the High Court

Mak Wei Munn, Daryl Xu and Rebecca Chia (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
applicant;  
Lem Jit Min Andy and Ng Hua Meng, Marcus (Harry Elias Partnership) for the
first to fifth respondents;  
Chen Jie’An Jared (Drew & Napier LLC) for the sixth and seventh respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Sep 2022 (09:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

