Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 277

Suit No 439 of 2021

Between

(1)| Ang Xing Yao Lionel  
---|---  
(2)| Blackswan Technologies Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Lew Mun Hung Joseph  
---|---  
(2)(3)| Xie LinyingRed Dot Robotics Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders — Quasi-partnership]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ang Xing Yao Lionel and another

  
v

  

Lew Mun Hung Joseph and others

  

[2022] SGHC 277

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 439 of 2021  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
18, 19, 22–24, 26, 30, 31 August, 2 September, 3 October 2022

2 November 2022 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 Two men became friends. One agreed to bring the other into his company as a
minority shareholder, both hoping for great things from their combination of
know-how and know-who. Those hopes did not come true and the company ceased
business. Whether the minority is entitled to any relief under s 216 of the
Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CA”) depends on what the commercial
agreement was between them, and whether that was broken in a way that was
commercially unfair to the minority. The demands of fairness must be
understood and assessed in context, keeping in mind that partnership in
business, like friendship generally, is a two-way street: obligations flow in
both directions.

2 In this case, when it became apparent that their relationship could not
continue, there were offers to buy out, and even an in-principle agreement
whose price exceeded the amount now sought by way of remedy. This raises the
question of whether, even if there was commercial unfairness, the buy-out
offers negated it, or render these proceedings an abuse of process.

Facts

The parties

3 The first plaintiff, Mr Ang Xing Yao Lionel (“Ang”), is an entrepreneur. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ang Xing Yao Lionel’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) dated 12 July
2022 (“Ang’s AEIC”) at para 3 (Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief
Volume 1 of 4 (“1BAEIC”) at p 157).

4 Together with Mr Pulkit Jaiswal (“Jaiswal”), Ang incorporated the second
plaintiff, Blackswan Technologies Pte Ltd (“Blackswan”) on 1 March 2017. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 10–11 (1BAEIC at pp 160–161).

Blackswan is in the business of developing visual artificial intelligence
(“AI”) technology which uses neuro-linguistic programming to contextualise and
describe images received via computer vision (“Blackswan Technology”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 11 (1BAEIC at pp 160–161).

5 Ang and Jaiswal initially owned Blackswan in equal shares. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 12 (1BAEIC at p 161).

They subsequently fell out. This led to Ang’s business partner and friend, Mr
Andrew Yu (“Yu”), replacing Jaiswal as a 50% shareholder in Blackswan sometime
in July 2017. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 17–18 (1BAEIC at p 162); Yu Wai Kit Andrew Kelvin’s AEIC
dated 1 July 2022 (“Yu’s AEIC”) at paras 4–5 (1BAEIC at pp 5–6).

6 The first defendant, Mr Lew Mun Hung Joseph (“Lew”) is married to the second
defendant, Ms Xie Linying (“Xie”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Xie Linying’s AEIC dated 22 June 2022 (“Xie’s AEIC”) at para 1.

7 Lew incorporated the third defendant, Red Dot Robotics Pte Ltd (“RDR”), on 4
November 2015. At the point of incorporation, Lew was the sole director and
shareholder of RDR. RDR provides robotics-driven materials handling services.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lew Mun Hung Joseph’s AEIC dated 1 July 2022 (“Lew’s AEIC”) at paras 6–7, 9;
Agreed Bundle Volume 9 (“9AB”) at p 431.

Background

High hopes: Plaintiffs’ entry into RDR

8 Ang and Lew became acquainted in May 2017 through mutual friends. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 20 (1BAEIC at p 163); Lew’s AEIC at para 57.

They first met in person on 18 May 2017. During this meeting, Ang showed
videos demonstrating the Blackswan Technology to Lew. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 23–24 (1BAEIC at pp 164–165); Lew’s AEIC at para 60.

9 In July 2017, Ang and Lew discussed a potential collaboration between
Blackswan and RDR by way of Ang acquiring RDR shares. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 28 (1BAEIC at pp 166–167); Lew’s AEIC at para 68.

Whereas Ang suggested that he should hold a 50% share in RDR, parties later
agreed that Lew would hold 70% of the shares in RDR and Ang, the remaining
30%. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 36–37 (1BAEIC at pp 173–174); Lew’s AEIC at paras 70, 77.

Ang would not contribute any funds himself but would take on a fund-raising
role.

10 Lew subsequently informed Ang that he only considered 76% of the shares in
RDR to belong to him. He reserved the remaining 24% for initial investors in
RDR such as Xie and his mother, redeemable convertible loan (“RCL”) holders
such as Mr Tan Aik Seng (“Tan”) and Mr Lau Boon Wei (“Lau”), and key employees
such as Mr Yan Ruijun (“Yan”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 54 (1BAEIC at p 183); Lew’s AEIC at paras 74–77; Tan Aik
Seng’s AEIC dated 1 July 2022 (“Tan’s AEIC”) at paras 6–7; Lau Boon Wei’s AEIC
dated 1 July 2022 (“Lau’s AEIC”) at para 8–9.

On this basis, Ang was eventually offered a stake of 26% in RDR. This broadly
comprised 30% of the sum of Lew’s 76% stake in RDR he considered belonged to
him and shares which Lew had yet to transfer to third parties and believed he
could claw back. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 54, 56 (1BAEIC at p 183); Lew’s AEIC at para 77.

11 On 12 February 2018, RDR paid off the RCLs previously extended to it by Tan
and Lau. This consisted of a principal sum of $50,000 and interest of $3,500
to each of Tan and Lau. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 43, 53 (1BAEIC at pp 177, 182–183); Lew’s AEIC at para 83,
pp 201–202 (JL-8); Tan’s AEIC at paras 10–11; Lau’s AEIC at paras 12–14.

On the same day, Ang was appointed a director of RDR 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 53, pp 2133 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at pp 182–183, Bundle of
Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief Volume 3 of 4 (“3BAEIC”) at p 684).

and Lew made a request to RDR’s company secretary to transfer 130,000 of the
500,000 shares he held in RDR to Ang for $1. This share transfer was
registered with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) on
or around 25 February 2018. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 56, pp 2139–2140 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at p 184, 3BAEIC at pp
690–691); Lew’s AEIC at paras 81–82; Agreed Bundle Volume 4 (“4AB”) at p 357.

12 In early April 2018, Ang and Lew discussed the prospect of Yu investing in
RDR. Ang arranged for Yu and Yu’s fiancée to meet Lew at RDR’s office at
Changi Airport on 2 April 2018. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 57 (1BAEIC at pp 184–185); Lew’s AEIC at paras 84–85; Yu’s
AEIC at para 11 (1BAEIC at p 7).

At that meeting, Lew and Yu discussed various aspects of RDR’s business,
including its cashflow, existing projects and business model. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Lew’s AEIC at para 85; Yu’s AEIC at paras 11–12 (1BAEIC at p 7).

13 The next day, Ang informed Lew that Yu agreed to invest $250,000 in RDR in
consideration of 5% of RDR’s shares. This would be done by channelling Yu’s
investment of the same amount in Blackswan to RDR via Blackswan. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 57–58 (1BAEIC at pp 184–185); Lew’s AEIC at para 86.

That said, Ang, Lew and Yu later agreed that Blackswan would be allocated a
10% interest in RDR, with a concomitant reduction in Ang’s and Lew’s
shareholding in RDR to 21% and 69% respectively. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 58 (1BAEIC at p 185); Lew’s AEIC at paras 86, 89; Yu’s AEIC
at para 14 (1BAEIC at p 7).

14 Blackswan transferred $250,000 to RDR on 3 May 2018. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 59, pp 2149 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at pp 185; 3BAEIC at p 700);
Lew’s AEIC at para 86; Yu’s AEIC at para 15 (1BAEIC at p 8).

15 On 31 October 2018, the number of ordinary shares in RDR increased from
500,000 to 893,000. Of the additional 493,000 shares, Blackswan, Ang, Yan and
Lew were allotted 89,300, 57,530, 26,790 and 219,380 shares respectively. This
achieved the desired outcome of Blackswan, Ang, Yan and Lew holding 10%, 21%,
3% and 66% of the shares in RDR respectively. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 61, pp 2152–2154 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at pp 185–186, 3BAEIC at pp
703–705).

16 On 15 February 2019, Yan transferred his shares in RDR to Lew for $10,000.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 65, pp 2219–2220 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at p 187, 3BAEIC at pp
770–771); Lew’s AEIC at para 158.

This led to Blackswan, Ang and Lew holding 10%, 21% and 69% of the shares in
RDR respectively.

17 There was one further change in shareholding, which I mention only for
completeness. On 4 September 2019, Lew instructed RDR’s corporate accounting
firm, Agere Accounting and Advisory Pte Ltd (“Agere”), to transfer 35,720 of
the shares he held in RDR to Xie. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 106, p 2629 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at p 208, Bundle of Affidavits
of Evidence-in-Chief Volume 4 of 4 (“4BAEIC”) at p 380).

Two days later, on 6 September 2019, RDR’s board of directors approved the
share transfer and appointed Xie a director of RDR. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 109 (1BAEIC at p 209); Lew’s AEIC at para 157(i); Xie’s
AEIC at para 35–36, pp 23–27 (LX-1)

These changes were registered with ACRA on 20 September 2019. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 111, pp 2651–2653 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at p 210, 4BAEIC at pp
402–404); Xie’s AEIC at para 35–36, pp 23–27 (LX-1)

18 It is helpful to summarise how RDR remunerated Ang, Lew and Xie. This was
as follows:

(a) RDR paid Ang a monthly salary from August 2017. It paid Ang $3,500 a month
from August 2017 to May 2018, albeit as a lump sum on or around 10 April 2018,
and $6,000 a month from May 2018 to January 2019. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 84 (1BAEIC at p 200); Lew’s AEIC at paras 98–99.

RDR did not pay Ang a salary after January 2019 due to its financial
difficulties. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 84 (1BAEIC at p 200).

(b) RDR paid Lew a monthly salary of $10,000 from January 2017. Beginning
April 2017, this sum was bifurcated into a salary of $6,000 and an allowance
of $4,000. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Lew’s AEIC at paras 55–56.

Lew was similarly not paid any moneys from January 2019 to September 2019
because of RDR’s financial difficulties. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Lew’s AEIC at para 99.

He resumed drawing the composite sum of $10,000 a month from September 2019 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Lew’s AEIC at paras 99; 26/8/22 NE, p 80, lines 1–4.

and was paid approximately $20,000 a month from November 2019 (after Ang was
removed as a director of RDR) 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

26/8/22 NE, p 91, lines 17–19.

until Lew resigned as a director of RDR in February 2020. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lew’s AEIC at paras 99 and 187.

(c) RDR paid Xie $6,000 a month from September 2019 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Xie’s AEIC at para 38.

until February 2020. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Xie’s AEIC at paras 49–50.

Promising prospects: The Delta Project

19 In December 2018, RDR was engaged in discussions with Delta Airlines
(“Delta”), a leading international airline based in the United States of
America, to develop autonomous robots for use and deployment in airports
(“Delta Project”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 78–79 (1BAEIC at pp 195–196); Lew’s AEIC at para 41.

Delta and RDR signed a master joint development agreement in May 2019. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lew’s AEIC at paras 42–43.

20 On 12 September 2019, Lew incorporated American Red Dot Robotics Inc
(“ARDR”) in the United States to run the Delta Project. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 118, pp 2660–2687 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at pp 213–214; 4BAEIC at
pp 411–438); Lew’s AEIC at para 154.

ARDR was a wholly owned subsidiary of RDR. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ang’s AEIC at p 2665 (LA-1) (4BAEIC at p 416).

Its two directors were Lew and Voon Way Ho. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 118, p 2663 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at pp 213–214, 4BAEIC at p 414)

21 The Delta Project was upended by the COVID-19 pandemic. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Lew’s AEIC at para 154(m)(iv), 155(g), 156(a), p 278 (JL-12).

On 25 March 2020, Delta indefinitely suspended the Delta Project. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Lew’s AEIC at p 278 (JL-12).

Disappointing reality: Failure to raise funds, Ang’s removal as a director of
RDR and discussions about exit

22 Ang did not succeed in attracting investors to RDR. As time went by, Lew
came to the view that Ang would never succeed in doing so, as he lacked
ability and connections.

23 Things came to a head when Ang arranged a meeting with an accounting
consultancy, Ernst & Young Singapore (“EY”), telling Lew that EY could advise
RDR on its fundraising efforts as well as a potential listing on the Catalist
Board of the Singapore Exchange. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 121–122 (1BAEIC at pp 215–216); Lew’s AEIC at para 161.

Ang and Lew met Mr Mah Keat Meng (“Mah”), a former partner of EY, and three
other partners of EY. This meeting took place on 2 October 2019 (“EY
Meeting”). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 121, 123 (1BAEIC at pp 215–217); Lew’s AEIC at paras 161,
165.

24 For Lew, this meeting confirmed his growing belief that Ang had mislead him
about his capability and connection. On the same evening, at Ang’s restaurant,
Lew informed Ang that he wanted the plaintiffs out of RDR. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 124 (1BAEIC at p 217); Lew’s AEIC at paras 171–172.

Lew declined Ang’s offer to sell the plaintiffs’ stake in RDR for $3,100,000.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 125 (1BAEIC at pp 217–218); Lew’s AEIC at para 173.

His counteroffer of $1,000,000 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 125 (1BAEIC at pp 217–218); Lew’s AEIC at paras 173–174.

was likewise rejected by Ang. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 126 (1BAEIC at p 218).

25 Parties next discussed the plaintiffs’ exit from RDR on 31 October 2019. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 129–130 (1BAEIC at p 219); Lew’s AEIC at paras 176–178.

On this occasion, Lew informed Ang that he was terminating Ang’s services with
RDR. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 130 (1BAEIC at p 219); Lew’s AEIC at para 179.

Ang was formally removed as a director of RDR at an extraordinary general
meeting (“EGM”) held on 8 November 2019 (“8 Nov EGM”). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 133, pp 2704–2706 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at p 221, 4BAEIC at pp
455–457); Lew’s AEIC at para 180; Xie’s AEIC at para 44, pp 29–32 (LX-3).

Bitter end: Lew’s decision to leave RDR and Ang’s withdrawal from an in-
principle deal to sell his shares

26 Lew and Ang could not agree on terms for the sale of Ang’s shares. Lew then
turned to his own departure from RDR. He resigned as a director of RDR on 13
February 2020. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 141, p 2691 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at p 224, 4BAEIC at p 442);
Lew’s AEIC at para 187.

27 A further EGM was held on 19 February 2020. The attendees were Ang, Tan,
Xie, Stephen Chew Ban Eng (Xie’s supervisor at Manulife Financial Advisers Pte
Ltd) (“Chew”) and Clement Huang (Ang’s friend). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 143 (1BAEIC at p 224); Lew’s AEIC at para 191; Chew Ban
Eng’s AEIC dated 1 July 2022 (“Chew’s AEIC”) at para 8.

Tan was appointed a director of RDR 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 138–139, 144, p 2714 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at pp 223–224, 4BAEIC
at p 465); Lew’s AEIC at para 188; Xie’s AEIC at para 48.

and Ang suggested that Lew could buy out the plaintiffs’ shares in RDR for the
aggregate of $250,000 and any outstanding wages and expenses owed to Ang at
this EGM. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 145(ii) (1BAEIC at pp 225–226); Lew’s AEIC at para 195.

28 Several days later, on 24 February 2020, Lau was appointed, and Xie
resigned as a director of RDR. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 166–167 (1BAEIC at pp 230–231); Lau’s AEIC at paras 24–25;
Xie’s AEIC at para 49.

On the same day, Ang and Lew agreed that Lew would purchase the plaintiffs’
shares in RDR for $300,000, with the moneys to be paid by 6 March 2020. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 155–165 (1BAEIC at pp 227–230); Lew’s AEIC at para 195;
Chew’s AEIC at para 12.

Chew sent a draft sale and purchase agreement to Ang on 25 February 2020. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 168 (1BAEIC at pp 231–232); Chew’s AEIC at para 12.

29 Lew incorporated Aviation AI Lab Pte Ltd on or around 28 February 2020. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 187 (1BAEIC at pp 239–240); Lew’s AEIC at para 223.

Aviation AI Lab Pte Ltd was renamed Aison Pte Ltd (“Aison”) in February 2021.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Lew’s AEIC at para 223.

30 On 3 March 2020, Ang decided not to proceed with the sale of his shares in
RDR to Lew. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 170–171 (1BAEIC at pp 232–233); Lew’s AEIC at para 196;
Chew’s AEIC at para 12.

31 RDR held its Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on 29 April 2020. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 176–177 (1BAEIC at pp 234–235); Lew’s AEIC at para 202.

In the wake of Delta’s suspension of the Delta Project, RDR approved the
cessation of ARDR’s operations, the retrenchment of ARDR staff and putting RDR
into dormancy at this AGM. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 178, pp 2900–2910 (LA-1) (1BAEIC at p 235, 4BAEIC at pp
651–661).

32 Lew made a final offer to purchase the plaintiffs’ shares in RDR for
$30,000 on 30 May 2020. Ang did not accept this. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Lew’s AEIC at para 198.

Parties’ cases

Plaintiffs’ case

33 The plaintiffs say that RDR operated as a quasi-partnership because of Ang
and Lew’s relationship of trust and confidence and their common understanding,
developed between 26 July 2017 to 12 September 2017, that: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 44 (1BAEIC at pp 177–179); Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions
dated 29 September 2022 (“PCS”) at paras 32, 40, 118.

(a) Lew would allocate 30% of RDR’s shares to Ang in exchange for Ang’s
participation and contribution to RDR.

(b) The Blackswan Technology would be handed to RDR to be jointly developed
for the benefit of RDR’s shareholders.

(c) Blackswan would invest $250,000 in RDR in exchange for 5% of the shares in
RDR and the redemption of the RCLs.

(d) Lew would redeem the RCLs and Ang would be appointed a director of RDR
thereafter.

(e) Ang would be Lew’s equal in the management of RDR. Parties would consult
each other, agree on key management decisions and keep the other party updated
of all developments in RDR’s business. Key management decisions encompassed
decisions which would affect the future of RDR such as talent management and
acquisition, business development and fundraising and the setting up of
subsidiaries or affiliated companies. It excluded day-to-day operational
matters. These were left to Lew. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 47–48 (1BAEIC at pp 179–180).

(f) Ang would be entitled to all information reasonably necessary to make
decisions for RDR.

(g) RDR would be managed by Lew and Ang without the involvement of any other
individuals, unless otherwise agreed.

34 I shall refer to the alleged common understanding set out in the preceding
paragraph as the “Common Understanding”.

35 Ang and Lew’s shared Christian faith and vision for RDR underpinned the
Common Understanding. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 45 (1BAEIC at p 179); PCS at paras 2, 15, 112.

The Common Understanding encompassed Blackswan because Ang and Lew always
contemplated the possibility that Blackswan would invest $250,000 and become
“involved as an investor or shareholder” in RDR. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at paras 4, 30, 36–39.

36 According to Ang, the Common Understanding is supported by the following
strands of evidence:

(a) Ang and Lew first met on 18 May 2017 with the aim of exploring a
collaboration between Blackswan and RDR in the field of AI. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at paras 17–19.

Following this meeting, Lew made various statements expressing his intent for
Ang to be involved in RDR and explaining how both parties would work together
in different roles to build up RDR’s business. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS at para 21; Agreed Bundle Volume 1 (“1AB”) at pp 585–586.

(b) Ang was heavily involved in RDR even before he was appointed a director or
became a shareholder in the company. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at paras 24, 41.

He attended meetings with potential investors of RDR 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at paras 24(c), 41.

and received RDR’s management accounts, reports and banks statements from Lew.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS at paras 24(a), 24(d), 24(e), 41.

(c) On 5 July 2017, Lew sent Ang a number of WhatsApp messages illustrating
that both parties envisaged that they would be equal partners in RDR. Ang
assured Lew that he would consult Lew on all key decisions and would not
proceed without Ang’s agreement. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 29–30 (1BAEIC at pp 167–170); PCS at paras 25–28.

(d) When Lew informed Ang that he considered only 76% of the shares in RDR
belonged to him at a meeting in February 2018, Lew reassured Ang that the
plaintiffs would continue to be equal partners with Lew in the business of
RDR. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 54–55 (1BAEIC at pp 183–184); Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1) dated 24 May 2022 at para 47.

(e) Blackswan did not insist on receiving its shares in RDR at the time it
transferred $250,000 to RDR because of the mutual trust and confidence shared
between Ang, Lew and Blackswan. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at para 45.

(f) While Lew considered selling the RDR shares he allocated to his mother to
a friend’s then-girlfriend, he changed his mind after Ang expressed concern.
Lew highlighted that it was important for them “to be aligned” and stated that
“if any of us is a no, we won’t proceed”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 67(i) (1BAEIC at pp 187–188); PCS at para 48(a); Agreed
Bundle Volume 3 (“3AB”) at pp 68–70.

(g) During a discussion on 23 July 2018 between Ang and Lew on setting up a
potential testing facility for autonomous robots, Lew reiterated that he would
make decisions together with Ang. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 67(ii) (1BAEIC at pp 188–189); PCS at para 48(b); 3AB at pp
232–234.

(h) Lew regarded Ang as a “founder” for the purpose of a term sheet prepared
to court Delta as a potential investor in RDR. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 67(iii) (1BAEIC at pp 189–190); PCS at para 48(c); Agreed
Bundle Volume 4 (“4AB”) at pp 201, 204.

(i) Lew told Ang that Ang would draw the same salary as him and would be paid
at the same time. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at paras 50–53.

37 Against this backdrop, when RDR appeared poised for success in October
2019, Lew decided that he wanted Ang out of RDR and perpetrated a series of
oppressive acts to marginalise Ang and Blackswan. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at paras 6, 58.

These acts (“Oppressive Acts”) spanned:

(a) the appointment of Xie, Tan and Lau as directors of RDR on 6 September
2019, 19 February 2020 and 24 February 2020 respectively; 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Ang’s AEIC at paras 107–108 (1BAEIC at pp 208–209); PCS at paras 59(a), 59(d),
61–67.

(b) the removal of Ang as a director of RDR in October 2019; 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS at paras 59(b), 72–82.

(c) failing to keep Ang abreast of developments in RDR from October 2019; 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PCS at para 59(c).

(d) failing to consult Ang and obtain his agreement to incorporate ARDR 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PCS at paras 59(e), 68–71, 87–88,100.

and procure a loan of $107,000 from Lau; 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PCS at paras 59(f), 149.

(e) refusing to respond to the plaintiffs’ request for information; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS at paras 59(g), 83–96, 146–148, 154(b).

(f) declining to pay Ang his salary from January 2019 while increasing Lew’s
own salary by $4,000; 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCS at paras 59(h), 102, 127–133, 154(a).

(g) utilising RDR’s moneys for Lew’s personal expenses; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS at paras 135–137.

and

(h) setting up Aison, which came to develop technology similar to the
Blackswan Technology. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS at paras 6, 59(j), 97–98, 138–145.

38 The plaintiffs seek an order for Lew to buy their shares in RDR. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PCS at paras 150–156.

They contend that the three offers previously made by Lew to Ang to purchase
the plaintiffs’ shares in RDR do not preclude the court from granting the
remedy sought for several reasons. For one, Ang and Lew did not reach a
binding agreement. Further, the plaintiffs could not assess the reasonableness
of the prior offers because Lew refused to furnish them with RDR’s financial
information. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PCS at paras 7, 157–163.

39 RDR’s alleged dormancy is similarly no obstacle to a buy out order. To hold
otherwise would require minority shareholders who were excluded from
management to shoulder the burden of the majority’s oppressive conduct when
the company ceases business. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PCS at paras 165–174.

40 The plaintiffs accept that it is not practicable to value their shares when
Ang was removed as a director of RDR on 9 November 2019. There is insufficient
information to assess RDR’s value at this time and the COVID-19 pandemic
scuppered the Delta Project. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS at para 177.

In these circumstances, the plaintiffs submit that a fair remedy would be for
Ang to purchase their shares in RDR for the aggregate of: (a) $250,000,
representing Blackswan’s initial investment in RDR; (b) $38,382, representing
Ang’s unpaid salaries to date; and (c) interest of 5.33% per annum from 9
November 2019 on the sum of $38,382. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS at paras 179–181.

Defendants’ case

41 The defendants deny the existence of the Common Understanding. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Lew’s AEIC at paras 92, 136; Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 27
September 2022 (“DCS”) at paras 8, 10–19.

The messages exchanged between Ang and Lew on 4 and 5 July 2017 show that
Ang’s role in RDR was restricted to growing the business (as compared to
running the company). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCS at paras 20–24.

It was on this basis that Lew kept Ang abreast of RDR’s financial state and
existing projects. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DCS at para 72.

42 Lew contends that if there had been such a Common Understanding, it would
have been put into writing given that parties were only recently acquainted,
and Ang claimed to have consulted a corporate lawyer on the terms of the
Common Understanding. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCS at paras 27–31.

That it was not reduced into writing shows it did not exist. Moreover, Ang did
not raise or refer to it when their relationship soured, and Ang was removed
as a director of RDR. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at para 31.

43 It is also significant that the plaintiffs’ case shifted across their
pleadings. Whereas the plaintiffs initially averred that Ang enjoyed the right
to be consulted on all decisions under the Common Understanding, they later
amended their claim to a more limited right to be consulted on and veto key
management decisions. What these were remains a vague and amorphous category.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS at paras 35–38.

44 Furthermore, Ang acted in a manner inconsistent with the alleged Common
Understanding. He did not voice objections when Lew contravened the Common
Understanding. On the contrary, he endorsed Xie’s appointment as a director of
RDR, did not vote against his own removal as a director of RDR and commended
Lew’s efforts to run RDR even after Lew resigned as a director in February
2020. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS at paras 40–44.

45 In any event, the Common Understanding could not have encompassed
Blackswan. There was no evidence that Ang and Lew contemplated that Blackswan
would become a shareholder of RDR when parties discussed Ang’s entry into RDR
in 2017. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS at para 25.

Yu attested that he had no knowledge of the Common Understanding 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DCS at paras 32, 57–65.

and Blackswan’s investment in RDR was both uncertain 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DCS at paras 53–55.

and expended within a few months. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at paras 67–70.

46 Following from the above, the plaintiffs did not suffer commercial
unfairness warranting a remedy under s 216 of the CA. The so-called Oppressive
Acts could not have amounted to a breach of the non-existent Common
Understanding and were, in any event, justified. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS at paras 73–103.

47 Further, the acts complained of had no part to play in RDR’s becoming
insolvent by October 2019. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS at para 123.

RDR’s business failed for reasons entirely unrelated to any alleged misconduct
of Lew’s.

48 Finally, if this court finds that the plaintiffs suffered commercial
unfairness, Lew should not be ordered to buy out the plaintiffs’ shares in
RDR. Ang previously agreed to Lew’s offer to buy the plaintiffs’ shares for
$300,000 but resiled from this agreement in the hope that the Delta Project
would cause RDR’s valuation to balloon. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS at paras 104–118; Agreed Bundle Volume 6 (“6AB”) at p 631.

The appropriate remedy, if any, would be to wind up RDR. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DCS at paras 125–126.

Applicable law

49 Commercial unfairness is the touchstone by which the court determines
whether to grant relief under s 216 of the CA: Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests
Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 at [81]. In assessing commercial
unfairness, the court should bear in mind that the essence of a claim for
relief under s 216 of the CA lies in upholding the commercial agreement
between the shareholders of a company: Ascend Field Pte Ltd and others v Tee
Wee Sien and another appeal [2020] 1 SLR 771 at [29]. The commercial agreement
between shareholders can be contained in a formal agreement such as the
company’s constitutional documents, a shareholders’ agreement, or other
collateral agreements. The commercial agreement can also come from an informal
understanding among shareholders: Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other
appeals and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 at [172]. Such an informal
understanding must be both clear and shared, if it is be said to be a
legitimate expectation; a mere subjective expectation on the part of a
minority shareholder is not relevant: Lim Kok Wah and others v Lim Boh Yong
and others and other matters [2015] 5 SLR 307 at [121]. There will be
commercial unfairness if, in light of the commercial agreement, there has been
“a visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and a violation of the
conditions of fair play which a shareholder [was] entitled to expect”: per
Lord Wilberforce in Re Kong Thai Sawmill (Miri) Sdn Bhd [1978] 2 MLJ 227,
cited in Over & Over at [77].

50 Just as partners’ rights and obligations in a partnership are mutual, a
minority shareholder should also act fairly and responsibly. That this is so
bears on the court’s task at two stages. First, when determining whether a
majority shareholder acted unfairly to a minority shareholder, it is necessary
to consider how each of them behaved, both in relation to the other and in
responding to the situation that the company was in. Secondly, when
determining the appropriate relief, there must be consideration and weighing
of the relative equities of both the majority and minority shareholders.
Fairness must be assessed in context, and the context includes the conduct of
the minority shareholder.

Issues to be determined

51 The following issues arise for my determination:

(a) Whether Ang, Lew and Blackswan had the Common Understanding.

(b) In the light of my findings on the first issue, whether there was
commercial unfairness under s 216 of the CA.

(c) Whether any commercial unfairness was negated by Lew’s offers to buy out
Ang and Blackswan.

(d) If there was commercial unfairness under s 216 of the CA, what the
appropriate remedy is.

Issue 1: Whether Ang, Lew and Blackswan had the Common Understanding

52 Ang’s case is in essence that there was an informal understanding between
Ang and Lew that limited Lew’s rights as a majority shareholder, namely the
Common Understanding, and that this was the basis on which he became a
shareholder in RDR.

53 Ang and Lew had many discussions about how RDR would operate once Ang
joined. One point is clear, namely that Ang would not be involved in
operational matters and would focus on fundraising. The principal point in
contention is whether Ang would be Lew’s equal despite his being a minority
shareholder, with an effective veto 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

18/8/22 NE, p 43, lines 19–21.

on “all key management decisions”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Ang’s AEIC at para 44(vi) (1BAEIC at p 178).

Ang does not contend that there was an explicit assurance that the board would
only ever comprise the two of them or that he had a perpetual right to be a
director, but this would be the logical mechanism to achieve equality between
them.

54 After summarising the discussions, including lengthy quotation of WhatsApp
messages, Ang’s counsel concluded: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PCS at para 31.

… the relationship between [Ang] and [Lew], arising from mutual trust and
confidence undergirded by their shared Christian faith, resulted in RDR being
akin to a quasi-partnership. There was a common understanding that [Ang] would
be a director of RDR as [Lew]’s equal in management, such that any key
decisions for RDR (including the removal of [Ang] as a director of RDR) would
not be made without [Ang]’s agreement.

55 I am unable to accept that there was any common understanding to this
effect. Although Lew mentioned “transparency” between them, being “Kingdom-
minded” and doing “God’s work”, he did not assure Ang of perpetual equality.
Indeed, he repeated several times that the arrangement would be “70-30” in his
favour. Unsurprisingly, neither spoke about what they would do if the business
did not grow as planned or if either of them underperformed, but that does not
mean that Lew was in effect guaranteeing Ang an equal role in management
regardless of whether Ang performed. Thus, the WhatsApp messages do not
evidence any such alleged understanding, whether unilaterally on Ang’s part or
shared by Lew.

56 It is telling that Ang in his WhatsApp messages of 5 July 2017 mentions a
corporate lawyer several times, inquiring when Lew would be free to meet up
with that lawyer, and indicating he was waiting for that lawyer to get back to
him as he just wanted “to make sure the structure is properly done”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

1AB at pp 587–589.

Ang’s reference to getting things “properly done” and to a corporate lawyer
shows that he understood that any agreement between himself and Lew ought to
be recorded in writing. If Ang truly had in mind a right equal to Lew’s in
respect of key decisions, this would certainly have been something that he
would have explicitly set out, if not in a formal agreement then at least by
WhatsApp. I find that in truth he understood that Lew’s insistence on 70:30 as
opposed to 50:50 meant that if the two of them disagreed, Lew could outvote
him at the shareholder level, including on the question of board composition.

57 Moreover, the Common Understanding is alleged to have extended to
Blackswan. Blackswan only finally decided to invest when Yu met Lew on 2 April
2018. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

19/8/22 NE, p 90, lines 24–30.

There is no evidence that Yu asked Lew for any assurances about Ang’s
participation in management nor that he was given any by Lew. Although Yu
testified that Ang told him words to the effect that Ang and Lew would consult
each other and agree on all key management decisions but not operational
decisions, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

19/8/22 NE, p 89.

he said that it was not told to him that without Ang’s consent Lew could not
change the composition of the board of directors. Further, he knew the
shareholders could vote directors in or out by a majority. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

19/8/22 NE, p 90, lines 11–17 and p 96, line 29 to p 97, line 14.

Yu’s evidence does not support the existence of the Common Understanding.

58 I find that the understanding that Ang and Lew had was a much more limited
one than that contended for by Ang. In the first flush of friendship and
buoyed by their shared religious faith, they thought they could achieve great
things together. They intended to work together as directors and shareholders
toward the success of RDR. However, this is different from their sharing an
understanding that Ang would have a veto over key decisions or had the right
to remain as one of only two directors on the board of RDR. They had no such
understanding.

59 For completeness, I add that the fact that Ang joined RDR because he and
Lew were friends and hence trusted each other is not sufficient to make RDR a
quasi-partnership. What is required is that “the company has the
characteristics of a quasi-partnership and its shareholders have agreed to
associate on the basis of mutual trust and confidence”, whereupon “the courts
will insist upon a high standard of corporate governance that must be observed
by the majority shareholders vis-à-vis the minority shareholders”: per the
Court of Appeal in Lim Swee Khiang and another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and
others [2006] 4 SLR(R) 745 at [83]. There are several reasons why I would not
describe RDR as a quasi-partnership, notwithstanding that like many partners
in a business partnership, both Ang and Lew combined the roles of owners,
managers and workers. The principal reason is that this was a commercially
driven technology start up. It had already involved other investors (who were
paid out when Ang joined). Soon after, Blackswan became an investor. Moreover,
and more significantly, that was not intended to be the final structure of the
company. The whole idea was for Ang to find investors so RDR could grow. This
meant that if RDR succeeded it would precisely have to operate in a commercial
and business-formal way so as to meet the expectations of owners other than
Ang and Lew, namely the hoped-for new equity investors. That RDR failed to
attract equity investors meant it failed. To explain this with an example, in
Lew’s statement on WhatsApp of how they would work together to grow RDR he
mentioned “Gather like-minded power-packed Board of Directors”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

1AB at p 587.

Ang never quite committed to full agreement with what Lew said
(notwithstanding his misplaced reliance on this exchange as evidencing the
alleged Common Understanding), only saying that what Lew said was “Mostly ok”
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

1AB at p 589.

without ever identifying any difference of view. Nonetheless, it is clear that
if RDR was to grow as hoped there would be changes to the board of directors.
The question then is whether one can read into this exchange any understanding
or contemplation that Ang could veto such changes. There is no basis for doing
so. If Lew wanted to bring in a new investor and that investor wanted a board
seat, he as majority shareholder would have been entitled to achieve this over
any objection by Ang. There is simply no basis on the facts of this case to
import into the corporate structure of RDR principles of partnership law such
as that in the absence of a contrary provision in the partnership deed,
admission of new partners would require unanimity. I find that RDR was set up
as and continued to be an ordinary company and was never a quasi-partnership.

60 Moreover, it must be recalled that partners’ fiduciary duties are mutual.
An underperforming partner should adjust his own expectations prospectively in
line with his actual contributions. For this reason, partnerships will
ordinarily agree processes by which partnership shares change as circumstances
and relative contributions change. Partnership shares need not be equal. If
RDR had been a quasi-partnership, it would still not have meant that Ang could
insist on perpetual equality, regardless of his contribution to the business.
The significance of a finding of quasi-partnership lies in the overlay of
equitable considerations that require a majority shareholder, like a majority
partner, to consider the interests of the minority and not simply act
selfishly in his own interest.

61 Finally, I deal with Ang’s argument that Lew’s treatment of him as an equal
reflected the Common Understanding. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at paras 48–50.

Naturally, in the initial stages, Lew consulted Ang and treated him as an
equal. This is not unusual among friends or even colleagues. I do not infer
from this that Ang and Lew believed that Ang had the right to veto decisions,
notwithstanding that he was in the minority. While sometimes it is possible to
infer from how people behave the existence of a prior obligation so to behave,
this is not such a case.

Issue 2: Whether there was commercial unfairness under s 216 of the CA

62 While my findings that the Common Understanding did not exist and that RDR
was not a quasi-partnership render this issue largely moot, I also find that
Lew’s conduct was not commercially unfair to Ang.

63 The principal complaint concerns his removal as director and so I will deal
with this complaint first. I find that he was removed as a director for
reasons genuinely held by Lew on reasonable grounds. I explain.

64 First, it cannot be denied that Ang did not bring in any new investors. His
contention was that he failed in this endeavour because the accounts of RDR
were not “clean” and this put off prospective investors. Ang did not
substantiate his contention.

65 Secondly, I accept that Lew’s disappointment with Ang was genuine and not
unreasonable. I accept Lew’s evidence concerning how he reached breaking point
with Ang. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Lew’s AEIC at paras 160–180.

This may be summarised as follows. Ang often mentioned his banker and
millionaire friends and how easy it would be to raise funds from them, yet
never managed to do so. In September 2019, Ang talked up the EY Meeting
(described at [23] above) but it turned out that EY were only acting as
potential brokers. This was the last straw for Lew. He had known for some time
that Ang did not have the talent, ability or connections to help RDR grow, and
had turned out to be more like a cheerleader than anything else. Lew felt
upset that he had been tricked into giving Ang 26% of the shares in RDR for
one dollar. Lew felt that Ang did nothing to justify his shareholding and
failed to bring in any investors or any value to RDR. He felt that Ang had to
leave as he was a drain on Lew’s time and on RDR’s resources. Consequently,
Lew told Ang in the evening of the same day of the EY Meeting (2 October 2019)
that he should exit and that Lew would buy him out.

66 Ang and Lew then started discussing the terms of that exit. This eventually
culminated in the in-principle agreement on 24 February 2020 for a buy-out, as
described at [28] above.

67 Having reviewed the communications between 2 October 2019 and the 8 Nov
EGM, as well as following that EGM, I find that Ang’s removal as a director
was the natural consequence of Ang’s contemplated exit from RDR. It was not
something done to prejudice Ang or advantage Lew, whether in the negotiations
for the buy-out or otherwise. Indeed, there was a side discussion at the 8 Nov
EGM concerning the intended buy-out, where Ang sought $3,100,000 while Lew
only offered $1,000,000. This was recorded in an email sent by the company
secretary to Ang, Lew and Xie. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

4BAEIC at pp 2708–2709.

This shows how Ang’s focus was on selling his and Blackswan’s shares for a
good price.

68 Thus, even if the Common Understanding existed, Lew’s reasonable
disappointment with Ang’s performance meant that a fair solution had to be
found for them to part ways. This was what Lew sought to do. It is true that
in a situation where erstwhile partners have agreed to part company, the
majority may nonetheless act unfairly, both in the solution sought and the
manner adopted. A majority might unfairly pressure a minority to exit on terms
unfavourable to that minority. Conversely, a majority might unfairly hinder a
minority from finding a reasonable exit from the company. Such types of
conduct may potentially found relief under s 216 of the CA. However, in this
case there was nothing unfair in Lew’s conduct concerning Ang’s contemplated
exit. I reject the suggestion that Lew removed Ang as a director in order to
take money out of RDR or in order to exclude Ang from the potential fruits of
their joint efforts if and when Delta invested in RDR. The reason for Ang’s
removal was simply Lew’s reasonable belief that Ang was not only not
contributing but also a drain on resources.

69 Yu revealed that he and Ang had agreed that he would receive $500,000 from
the $3,100,000 Ang was asking for, while Ang would receive the balance
$2,600,000. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

19/8/22 NE, pp 118–119.

Ang apparently did not report back to Yu the counteroffer of $1,000,000. It is
obvious that in any case Yu would not take more than $500,000 of the lower
amount, leaving Ang with at least $500,000 even from Lew’s counteroffer. The
significance of this is that as of 8 November 2019, Ang was not prepared to
accept $500,000 for the shares for which he had paid one dollar less than two
and a half years previously. I will return to this point in the next section.

70 I have dealt with Ang’s complaint described at [37(b)] above, and now
proceed to deal with the remaining complaints.

71 Ang complains of Xie’s appointment as a director in September 2019. If Ang
and Lew had an understanding that only the two of them would make all key
decisions, then Xie’s appointment was not in accordance with that
understanding. However, Ang signed the directors’ resolution appointing Xie as
a director. Under cross-examination he said that he did not protest because he
treated Lew as a brother and valued their relationship. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

18/8/22 NE, p 63, lines 17–23.

I find that the real reason why he did not protest was that he did not truly
believe that he had equal decision-making rights. Indeed, by September 2019,
he should have felt some embarrassment that his fund-raising efforts had not
borne fruit despite his claimed connections, but on this point and even at
trial he continued to put up a defiant bravado, so it may be that he was not
in fact touched by embarrassment. However, even if the Common Understanding
existed, his agreement to her appointment would certainly diminish the force
of his complaint that appointing Xie to the board was unfair to him.

72 I now turn to Ang’s complaints that he was not kept properly informed of
RDR’s business and that his requests for information were unreasonably denied.
There is no merit to these complaints. The bookkeepers for RDR had in fact
been recommended by Ang, and the evidence shows that Ang received directly
from them monthly management reports, bank reconciliations and annual
financial statements. There is no evidence of Lew giving instructions to the
bookkeepers or anyone else to keep Ang in the dark. In fact, Lew had made
clear on 5 July 2017 in a WhatsApp message that Ang “wont be in office often
and wont interfere with the work”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

1AB at p 586.

Ang’s complaint that he was not kept fully informed of details properly
characterised as operational rings hollow because he never expected to be
involved at such a level of detail.

73 Ang also complained about the incorporation of ARDR and about a loan RDR
took from Lau. There is again nothing to this complaint. There is no
suggestion that ARDR ought not to have been incorporated, nor that RDR did not
require financing. If anything, this complaint reveals Ang’s scouring the
record for things he was not told about when in truth he did not wish to be
involved at an operational level and would not have objected even if told.
Putting forward these complaints is a contrivance that does not reflect well
on Ang.

74 Ang then complains about conduct of Lew’s that was to Lew’s benefit. The
first is that Lew paid himself excessive remuneration, in particular when he
increased his monthly salary from $6,000 to $20,000 after Ang ceased to be a
director. Xie also drew a salary. Related to this complaint are concerns about
whether Lew was improperly charging personal expenses to RDR over and above an
allowance he paid himself for what he termed “consumables”. To add insult to
injury, Ang was owed salary that to date remains unpaid. On this issue, Ang’s
complaint is certainly understandable. Lew initially told Ang that both of
them should “fast” given RDR’s cashflow difficulties. But later between
October 2019 and February 2020, he and Xie were paid more than $110,000 in
salary. The difficulty for Ang is that he has not proved that the increased
salary was excessive for the work that Lew was doing, or a disguised mode of
taking money out of RDR. He has also not shown that the amounts involved or
their timing (principally occurring in the period October 2019 to February
2020) prejudiced him as a shareholder who was negotiating an exit from the
company.

75 The last complaint is that Lew himself exited RDR in February 2020 (which
Ang concedes he was entitled to do) but more pertinently set up Aison to
develop technology similar to the Blackswan Technology. The evidence however
falls far short of establishing that Lew took away any intellectual property
belonging to RDR. While such evidence if available would primarily relate to
whether RDR had any claim against Lew or Aison, it is conduct potentially
founding relief under s 216 of the CA for a majority to strip a company of
assets in favour of another business in which the majority but not the
minority has an interest, even if the majority is justifiably unhappy with the
minority: see for example Leong Chee Kin (on behalf of himself and as a
minority shareholder of Ideal Design Studio Pte Ltd) v Ideal Design Studio Pte
Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 331 at [76] and [77]. That, however, is simply not
the case here.

76 I conclude that there has not been commercial unfairness that prejudices
Ang.

77 There is a further point which the defendants did not take, which is that
by the time these proceedings commenced, the board of directors of RDR did not
include either Lew or Xie, who had both resigned more than a year previously.
The point could have been taken that the proper remedy for Ang would have been
to request the board to look into the questions whether Lew’s remuneration and
reimbursement of expenses had been excessive or improper, whether Lew had
indeed taken any intellectual property of RDR’s and whether RDR should pay out
Ang’s unpaid salary to him. As the point was not taken, I have not heard any
evidence about why this was not done, and I say nothing more about it, except
to note that it remains an option open to Ang.

Issue 3: The impact of Lew’s offers to buy out

78 I have already concluded that the Common Understanding did not exist and
that there was no commercial unfairness toward Ang. In assessing the latter
question, it was material to my assessment that from October 2019, Ang and Lew
were negotiating the former’s exit from RDR. That formed part of the context
for whether there was unfairness. There remains a separate question which is
the question whether proceedings under s 216 of the CA are an abuse of process
if there has been an offer by the defendant compliant with the guidelines laid
down in O’Neill v Phillips [1999] 1 WLR 1092 (“O’Neill”). The decision in
O’Neill is the subject of a recent discussion by Chionh J in the case of
Kroll, Daniel v Cyberdyne Tech Exchange Pte Ltd and others [2022] SGHC 231
which concerned a striking out application.

79 The O’Neill guidelines help to focus the court on relevant factors for the
assessment of whether the offer was reasonable, and if so whether its
rejection makes the prosecution of proceedings under s 216 of the CA an abuse
of process. Ultimately, it is a fact-sensitive exercise. In this case, parties
agreed on a price, namely $300,000. This is a price that exceeds what the
plaintiffs now seek from this court. I was unconvinced by Ang’s claim that he
lacked information and so reasonably reneged on the in-principle agreement for
sale of his and Blackswan’s shares. Indeed, in my view, Ang in pulling out of
the deal behaved capriciously and unfairly to Lew. His conduct bordered on the
vindictive, considering how much more by way of the proverbial blood, sweat
and tears Lew had put into RDR. By refusing to sell at a reasonable price, Ang
was keeping Lew trapped, and thus prioritised his own emotions over fairness
and reasonableness. It is telling that he did not commence these proceedings
until another year had passed.

80 This would indeed have been a case for holding that there was an abuse of
process even if there had been commercial unfairness prior to the in-principle
deal. However, the defendants, while at times in the course of proceedings
coming close to running this argument, ultimately relied on the in-principle
buy-out deal as a reason not to dismiss the claim but to limit any remedy to a
winding up. In any event, given my findings that there was no Common
Understanding and no commercial unfairness, the issue of appropriate remedy is
moot.

Issue 4: The appropriate remedy

81 In light of my findings above, this issue is moot.

Conclusion

82 Having reviewed the documentary evidence and heard the witnesses, I
conclude that this was a case not simply of a friendship’s unfulfilled hopes
but of one party to that friendship overstating his abilities and connections
and when his falling short was revealed, failing to take responsibility and
failing to respond fairly to the other’s attempts to bring their unsuccessful
relationship to a reasonable end.

83 I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims entirely. Parties are to file submissions
on costs limited to ten pages each within seven days of the date of this
judgment.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge|  
---|---  
  
Afzal Ali and Lim Yong Sheng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiffs;

P Padman and Lim Yun Heng (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Nov 2022 (11:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

