Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 199

Criminal Case No 52 of 2021

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

(1)| Eddie Lee Zheng Da  
---|---  
(2)| Yap Peng Keong Darren  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Lee Zheng Da Eddie and another

[2022] SGHC 199

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 52 of 2021  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
6, 7, 12, 13, 19–21 October, 1 November 2021, 13 January, 25 April 2022

24 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 The first accused in this matter is Eddie Lee Zheng Da (“Lee”), who was
tried before me on the following charge of being in possession of three
packets containing not less than 24.21g of diamorphine (“the Three Bundles”)
for the purpose of trafficking, which is an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with
s 5(2) and punishable under s 33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the MDA”):

… you, 1. EDDIE LEE ZHENG DA, on 4 July 2018, at about 10.10pm, at room number
2613 of Pan Pacific Singapore, located at 7 Raffles Boulevard, Singapore, did
traffic in a Class ‘A’ controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), to wit, by having in your
possession for the purpose of trafficking, three packets containing a total of
not less than 1352.8g of granular/powdery substance, which was analysed and
found to contain a total of not less than 24.21g of diamorphine, without
authorisation under the said Act or the regulations made thereunder, and you
have thereby committed an offence under section 5(l)(a) read with section 5(2)
and punishable under section 33(1) of the said Act, and further, upon your
conviction, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under section 33B
of the said Act.

2 The second accused is Yap Peng Keong, Darren (“Yap”), who was jointly tried
with Lee on the following charge of trafficking by delivering the Three
Bundles to Lee, which is an offence under s 5(1)(a) and punishable under s
33(1) of the MDA:

… you, 2. YAP PENG KEONG, DARREN, are charged that you, on 4 July 2018, at
about 10.10pm, at room number 2613 of Pan Pacific Singapore, located at 7
Raffles Boulevard, Singapore, did traffic in a Class ‘A’ controlled drug
listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed), to wit, by delivering three packets containing a total of not less than
1352.8g of granular/powdery substance, which was analysed and found to contain
a total of not less than 24.21g of diamorphine, to one Eddie Lee Zheng Da
(NRIC No. …), without authorisation under the said Act or the regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a)
and punishable under section 33(1) of the said Act, and further, upon your
conviction, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under section 33B
of the said Act.

The undisputed facts leading to the arrest and charges

3 Lee is a male Singaporean who was 24 years-old at the time of the alleged
offence. It is common ground in this case that Lee was a drug trafficker. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 46 lines 18-20, p 54 lines 30-32, p 55 lines 1-8;
21 Oct 2021, p 38 lines 6-8.

He purchased drugs, such as heroin, methamphetamine and cannabis, from his
suppliers who were located in Malaysia. He then sold these drugs to his
customers in Singapore. Yap was one such customer of Lee’s. Yap, who was 30
years-old at the material time, held a job as a private hire driver and thus
had the use of a car. It is not in dispute that Lee later recruited Yap to
transport drugs for him. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 86 lines 20-23; 21 Oct 2021, p 38 lines 24-30.

4 In the afternoon of 4 July 2018, Lee checked into the Pan Pacific Singapore,
a hotel which is located along Raffles Boulevard (“the Hotel”). He was given
room 2613 (“the Room”). Lee was accompanied by his girlfriend, one Nomsutham
Passara (“Passara”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Agreed Facts (“SOAF”) at para 3.

5 Lee had arranged with Yap for the latter to be on standby to collect drugs
that evening. At around 5.21pm, Lee sent Yap a Telegram message, which was a
screenshot of a WhatsApp conversation Lee had with one “Kelvin Mama Ws”. It is
not in dispute that “Kelvin Mama Ws” is the name recorded in Lee’s handphone
for his drug supplier in Malaysia, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 72 lines 9-12.

whom I shall refer to as “Kelvin” in this judgment. The screenshot sent by Lee
to Yap showed a photo of a signboard stating “METALL-TREAT INDUSTRIES PTE LTD
28/30 Gul Avenue”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOAF, Annex A at p 2.

6 By this Telegram message to Yap, Lee was instructing him to proceed to 28/30
Gul Avenue to collect drugs. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOAF at para 4.

There were further messages exchanged between Lee and Yap over Telegram, with
Lee telling Yap to collect the drugs at 8.30pm that night at that stated
location. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOAF, Annex A at p 3.

7 Before heading to 28/30 Gul Avenue, it was arranged between Yap and Lee that
they would first meet at the Hotel. This was for Yap to collect from Lee
moneys amounting to $16,000 (“the Cash”), which Yap had been instructed by Lee
to hand over to the person who would pass him the drugs at 28/30 Gul Avenue. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 19 lines 2-8.

Yap arrived at the Hotel and at about 7.22pm, Lee met Yap at the lift lobby of
the Hotel. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOAF at paras 5(a)-(c).

They then proceeded to the Room where Lee gave Yap the Cash (which had been
placed in a heat-sealed bag) as well as a green bag (later marked as exhibit
B7) which Yap was to use to store the drugs that he was to collect later that
night. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 6 lines 19-24, p 7 lines 28-32, p 8 lines 1-5.

Yap then left the Hotel. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOAF at para 5(e).

8 Yap drove his car to 28/30 Gul Avenue. There, he waited in his car for about
30 minutes, while it was parked at the side of the road. Then, an unidentified
male motorcyclist arrived and stopped his bike next to Yap’s car. Yap passed
the motorcyclist the Cash. In exchange, the motorcyclist threw three bundles
of heroin (later marked as exhibits A1, A2 and A3 respectively), each wrapped
in newspaper, and two blocks of cannabis (later marked as exhibits B1A1 and
K1A respectively), each wrapped in transparent packaging, onto the front
passenger seat of Yap’s car. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOAF at para 6.

Yap then placed these drugs inside the green bag, and proceeded to drive back
to the Hotel. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOAF at para 7.

The three heroin bundles are the Three Bundles which form the subject matter
of the charges against Lee and Yap.

9 Yap arrived at the Hotel at around 9.51pm. It was at that time that Yap sent
a message to Lee over Telegram, saying “I am down”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOAF, Annex A at s/n 17; Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 29 lines 10-12.

After parking his car at the carpark of the Hotel, Yap placed one block of
cannabis (exhibit K1A) under the front passenger seat. He then headed up to
the Room with the remaining drugs in the green bag. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOAF at para 7.

Lee and Passara were present in the Room at that time.

10 In the Room, Yap took out the Three Bundles and the remaining block of
cannabis (exhibit B1A1) from the green bag. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOAF at para 8.

Yap removed the newspaper wrapping around each of the Three Bundles, and
placed the Three Bundles, together with the block of cannabis, on a table. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOAF at para 8.

Lee then weighed the Three Bundles (as well as the block of cannabis) using a
weighing scale on the table. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOAF at para 8.

11 Lee then handed Yap a black trash bag, which Yap placed on the floor of the
Room. Yap then placed the block of cannabis on top of the black trash bag
together with a knife. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOAF at para 9.

12 At around this time, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)
forcibly entered the Room, and arrested Lee, Yap and Passara. Lee was the only
one of the three who resisted arrest. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOAF at para 10.

13 The CNB officers seized the Three Bundles and the block of cannabis
(exhibit B1A1). A search of the Room yielded a host of other drug-related
paraphernalia such as digital weighing scales, numerous empty plastic sachets,
rubber gloves, several improvised glass apparatus and tubes, two fire
starters, heat sealers, a glue gun, a money counter, and spoons. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOAF at para 11.

The subsequent forensic analysis showed, inter alia, that three spoons found
in the Room (later marked collectively as exhibit B3B) were stained with
diamorphine and methamphetamine, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOAF at para 51, s/n 24.

and three weighing scales (later marked as exhibits B4A, C1A and C1B
respectively) were stained with diamorphine. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOAF at para 51, s/n 13-15.

There were also small packets of methamphetamine, diamorphine, and cannabis,
and nimetazepam tablets that were found. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOAF at para 51, s/n 9, 17-19 and 21-22.

14 Yap’s car, which was parked in the carpark of the Hotel, was also searched.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOAF at para 14.

The other block of cannabis (exhibit K1A), which Yap had placed underneath the
front passenger seat (see [9] above), was discovered and seized by the CNB
officers. A zippered pouch was also found in the car, which contained small
packets of methamphetamine, cannabis and an ecstasy tablet. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOAF at paras 14 and para 51, s/n 8-9 and 21.

The CNB officers also found a white envelope labelled “$5,000”, which
contained cash in the amount of $800. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOAF at para 14.

15 I should also add that five handphones (marked as exhibits A9, A10, A11,
H5, F2 respectively), a “Samsung” tablet and a SIM card were seized from Lee.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOAF at para 55.

Three handphones and a SIM card were seized from Yap. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOAF at para 55.

16 The subject of the charges (see [1]-[2] above), which both accused were
jointly tried before the court, are the Three Bundles which Yap had collected
from 28/30 Gul Avenue and had delivered to Lee at the Room in the Hotel. There
is no dispute that the Three Bundles were forensically analysed by the Health
Sciences Authority and found to contain in aggregate not less than 24.21g of
diamorphine. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOAF at para 51, s/n 1-3.

The Prosecution’s case

17 The Prosecution presents its case against the two accused persons as a
straightforward one involving the trafficking of heroin.

18 As against Yap, the Prosecution’s case is that he had delivered the Three
Bundles to Lee at the Room in the Hotel. The Prosecution relies on the
presumption in s 18(1)(a) of the MDA that Yap had knowing possession of the
drugs, as well as the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA that Yap had knowledge
of the nature of what was contained in the Three Bundles. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Prosecution’s Opening Address at para 5(b).

They argue that Yap is unable to rebut both these presumptions on a balance of
probabilities. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at paras 48-49.

19 As against Lee, the Prosecution’s case is that he was in possession of the
Three Bundles for the purpose of trafficking. As set out in the Statement of
Agreed Facts, Lee had ordered heroin from his drug supplier, and the Three
Bundles that had been collected by Yap and delivered to Lee was his order of
heroin. The Prosecution relies on the presumption under s 17(c) of the MDA,
which states that “[a]ny person who is proved to have had in his possession
more than — (c) 2 grammes of diamorphine; … shall be presumed to have had that
drug in possession for the purpose of trafficking unless it is proved that his
possession of that drug was not for that purpose”. Relying on s 17(c), the
Prosecution’s case is that Lee was in possession of the Three Bundles (which
contained not less than 24.21g of diamorphine) for the purpose of trafficking
and it takes the position that Lee is not able to rebut this presumption. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Prosecution’s Opening Address at para 7(c).

The Defence’s case

Lee’s case

20 Lee elected to give evidence in his own defence. He does not deny that the
drugs he had ordered from Kelvin, and which he had instructed Yap to collect
from 28/30 Gul Avenue and deliver to him at the Room in the Hotel, consisted
of heroin and cannabis. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 23 lines 8-15.

He also does not deny that he had ordered those drugs so that he could sell
them to his own customers. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 26 lines 13-15.

In other words, he accepts that he intended to “traffic” in (per s 2(1) of the
MDA: see [32] below) the drugs that were collected by Yap and delivered to him
on the night of 4 July 2018.

21 Lee’s case is that he only ordered three half-pound packets of heroin, but
because of a mistake on the part of the drug supplier, he was given three one-
pound packets instead. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 23 lines 6-23.

In other words, the Three Bundles that had been passed to Yap at 28/30 Gul
Avenue, which were each one-pound packets, was not what Lee had ordered.
Therefore, Lee’s case is that he only intended to traffic in the following
amounts of diamorphine, as extrapolated mathematically from half of the
weights of each of the Three Bundles that Yap had collected: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1st Accused’s Closing Submissions at para 4.

(a) Half of exhibit A1: 8.13g/2 = 4.065g of diamorphine

(b) Half of exhibit A2: 8.27g/2 = 4.135g of diamorphine

(c) Half of exhibit A3: 7.81g/2 = 3.905g of diamorphine

This would add up to an aggregate amount of 12.105g of diamorphine, which is
below the threshold amount for capital punishment, ie, 15g (see the Second
Schedule to the MDA).

22 Lee claims that he was not only oversupplied with heroin but also with
cannabis. He testified that he had only ordered one block of cannabis. When
Yap called him after the drugs had been collected at 28/30 Gul Avenue, he
discovered that he had been given an extra block of cannabis. This was when
Yap described to Lee over the phone that he had received three bundles wrapped
in newspaper and two cannabis blocks from the motorcyclist. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 6-12, p 21 lines 4-14.

Lee’s evidence is that he then told Yap to leave one block of cannabis in his
car, which would be returned to the supplier at some later time. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 12 lines 18-28.

Lee also testified that he called Kelvin immediately after Yap spoke to him to
inform Kelvin about the extra block of cannabis. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 79 lines 1-10.

Kelvin then informed him that he will arrange for the additional block of
cannabis to be returned at Bendemeer or Kallang later. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 79 lines 9-10.

23 Lee testified that he first discovered that he had been oversupplied with
heroin when Yap placed the Three Bundles on the table in the Room and
unwrapped them. Lee said that he recognised from the size of the bundles that
they were not half-pound packets which he ordered, but one-pound packets. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 22 lines 13-17.

Lee then weighed each of the packets, and this confirmed that he had been
given one-pound packets of heroin. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 22 lines 19-32, p 23 lines 1-3.

Lee’s evidence is that he then immediately called his drug supplier, Kelvin,
and told him that he had also been given more heroin than what he actually
ordered. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 23 lines 16-18.

He wanted to return the excess drugs to Kelvin. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 14-16.

According to Lee, Kelvin’s response was that he would make arrangements for an
“exchange”, either from a location in Bendemeer or Kallang, with the exact
place and time to be confirmed later. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 14-16.

All this happened just before the CNB officers forcibly entered the Room, and
arrested Lee and Yap. I should add that it is not in dispute that this call,
as well as some of Lee’s earlier calls to Kelvin on 4 July 2018, were made by
Lee using his handphone that was later marked as exhibit A9 (“Phone A9”). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 26 lines 27-30, p 103 lines 28-29; Exhibit P135;
Exhibit P343.

24 In sum, Lee’s defence is that he is not guilty of the charge of possessing
not less than 24.21g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking. It appears
to follow from Lee’s defence that, if his evidence is accepted, the charge
ought to be amended and he should be convicted for possessing not less than
12.105g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking.

Yap’s case

25 Yap also elected to give evidence in his own defence. His evidence is that
Lee was his drug supplier. He does not dispute the Prosecution’s case that he
had agreed, on Lee’s instructions, to pass the Cash to the unidentified male
motorcyclist at 28/30 Gul Avenue, collect drugs from the said motorcyclist at
the same location, and deliver the drugs to Lee at the Room in the Hotel.
However, his evidence is that he neither knew what kind of drugs he was
collecting at 28/30 Gul Avenue 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 12 lines 19-22.

nor the quantity of those drugs, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 12 lines 23-25.

and he did not ask Lee any questions. Yap also testified that he did not know
why Lee had instructed him to pass the Cash to the male motorcyclist, and that
he did not ask Lee any questions about the same. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 14 lines 16-19, p 16 lines 12-17.

According to Yap, Lee offered to pay him $1,000 for performing the delivery,
in connection with which he also asked no questions. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 12 lines 26-32.

26 At 28/30 Gul Avenue, after he handed over the Cash to the unidentified male
motorcyclist, the motorcyclist threw five bundles of drugs into his car
through the front window. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 4-5.

Yap claims that he only knew and recognised the two blocks of cannabis as they
were wrapped in transparent packaging. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 11-12.

He testified that he did not know the contents of the other three bundles that
were wrapped in newspaper (which turned out to be the Three Bundles). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 15-17.

He discovered that these bundles were heroin only later when they were
unwrapped in the Room. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 30 lines 1-4.

27 It is undisputed that after Yap had collected the drugs at 28/30 Gul Avenue
as instructed, Lee called Yap on three occasions between 9.16pm and 9.20pm. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOAF, Annex A at s/n 14-16.

It is also undisputed that Lee had made these calls using the handphone that
was later marked as exhibit A11. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 73 lines 13-32, p 74 lines 1-3; Exhibit P136;
Exhibit P343.

In his evidence-in-chief, Yap testified that, in the call made to him at
9.20pm, Lee told him to leave one block of cannabis in the car as one of those
two blocks of cannabis that had been delivered was an oversupply because of a
mistake, and that the excess block of cannabis was to be “return[ed]” later to
someone at either Bendemeer or Kallang. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 20 lines 4-6, p 21 lines 10-17.

28 During cross-examination, Yap initially testified that these instructions
were given by Lee over a call exchanged after he had arrived at the carpark of
the Hotel, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 63 lines 16-25.

but later said that these instructions would have been given by Lee before he
arrived at the Hotel. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 65 lines 12-23.

Putting aside the timing at which those instructions were given, the gist of
Yap’s testimony during cross-examination was consistent with his evidence-in-
chief, which is that Lee had informed him that one of the cannabis blocks had
been mistakenly delivered and that Lee wanted him to “return” the block of
cannabis later by delivering it to someone at either Bendemeer or Kallang. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 21 lines 15-17, p 61 lines 6-11.

29 For completeness, I note that in Yap’s investigation statement recorded on
11 July 2018, he had mentioned that Lee had told him to leave one block of
cannabis in the car because it was to be “deliver[ed]” to “another person”,
whose “location was either at Bendemeer or Kallang area”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 733.

In his investigation statement, Yap makes no mention of the fact that Lee had
informed him about a mistaken delivery of an additional block of cannabis.
When pressed on why he had used the word “deliver” rather than “return” in his
investigation statement, Yap could not explain why he had used the former but
explained that he meant to say in the investigation statement that the
cannabis be “return[ed]” to this other person. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 23 lines 16-32, p 24, p 25 lines 1-19.

30 While in the Room, after Lee had weighed the Three Bundles, Yap recalled
that Lee was talking to someone on the phone. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 30 lines 19-20.

Yap testified that he did not know who Lee was speaking with and did not hear
the conversation that Lee was having over the phone. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 30 lines 19-24; 1 Nov 2021, p 63, lines 12-16.

Soon thereafter, the CNB officers forcibly entered the Room.

The law on trafficking

31 Section 5 of the MDA provides as follows:

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

(b) to offer to traffic in a controlled drug; or

(c) to do or offer to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
trafficking in a controlled drug.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

32 “Traffic” is defined in s 2(1) of the MDA as:

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning;

33 In order to make out the charge of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA,
it is well established that the Prosecution must prove that the accused (see
Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR
721 at [59]):

(a) was in possession of a controlled drug, which may be proved or presumed
pursuant to s 18(1) of the MDA, or deemed pursuant to s 18(4) of the MDA;

(b) had knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug, which may be proved or
presumed pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA; and

(c) possessed the controlled drug for the purpose of trafficking which was not
authorised, which may either be proved or presumed pursuant to s 17 of the
MDA.

The issues

34 From my review of the evidence and the closing submissions, both written
and oral, the issues that I have to decide are quite narrowly defined.

35 In the case of Lee, although his contention is to the effect that the
quantity of drugs which he received was more than what he had expected, he
does not dispute that he knew that each of the Three Bundles found in the Room
were one-pound and not half-pound packets of heroin. This is because his
evidence is that he knew, from the appearance of those bundles after they had
been unwrapped, that they were one-pound packets, which was confirmed after he
weighed them (see [23] above). Therefore, while Lee appears to take issue with
the quantity of the transacted drugs, his defence is not about his knowledge
of the quantity of transacted drugs, which is otherwise an issue going to the
question of possession (see Muhammad Abdul Hadi bin Haron v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal [2021] 1 SLR 537 at [28]). In fact, given Lee’s knowledge
that the Three Bundles were each one-pound packets of heroin, there can be no
dispute that Lee was in “knowing possession” of the entire quantity of heroin
contained in the Three Bundles, given that he knew that he had physical
possession, custody or control of those three one-pound packets (see Adili
Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”) at [31], [34]
and [40]). Instead, Lee’s defence concerns what he intended to do with the
excess quantity of drugs which he says had been mistakenly delivered, and
specifically, that he intended that they be returned to Kelvin. In other
words, his defence is that he only intended to possess half the amount of
diamorphine found in his possession for the purpose of trafficking because he
intended that the excess amount be returned to Kelvin.

36 I should also add that there is no dispute that Lee knew that the Three
Bundles contained heroin. This follows from his evidence that the drugs which
he had ordered from Kelvin, and which he had instructed Yap to collect at
28/30 Gul Avenue and deliver to the Room in the Hotel, consisted of heroin and
cannabis (see [20] above).

37 Given that Lee does not dispute possession of or knowledge of the nature of
the Three Bundles, I find that both these elements of the trafficking charge
under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA have been proven as against Lee.
As such, the Prosecution can rely on (as they seek to) the presumption of
trafficking in s 17(c) of the MDA (see Zainal bin Hamad v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 1119 at [49]). The only issue before the court
in relation to the charge against Lee, therefore, is whether he has rebutted
the presumption that he intended to traffic in not less than 24.21g of
diamorphine. Given Lee’s defence that he had been oversupplied by mistake
amounts of heroin equivalent to that found in three half-pound packets, the
question before the court is whether Lee has shown, on a balance of
probabilities, that he only intended to traffic in not less than 12.105g of
the amount of diamorphine in his possession at the time of his arrest. This,
in turn, depends on whether Lee can show that he intended to order only three
half-pound packets of heroin from his supplier, but was instead supplied with
three one-pound packets.

38 As for Yap, it is undisputed, and it is also his evidence at the trial that
he had agreed to collect drugs from 28/30 Gul Avenue at Lee’s instructions and
deliver them to Lee at the Room in the Hotel, and that the Three Bundles were
part of these drugs (see [6] and [25] above). There is therefore no question
that Yap had “knowing possession” of the Three Bundles, in that Yap knew that
he had physical possession, custody or control of “the thing that later turned
out to be a drug” by virtue of him collecting those drugs from the
unidentified male motorcyclist at 28/30 Gul Avenue (see Adili at [40]). It is
therefore unnecessary for the Prosecution to rely on the presumption of
possession in s 18(1)(a) of the MDA, as it has otherwise done (see [18]
above). Since Yap is proven to have had the Three Bundles in his possession,
he is presumed by s 18(2) of the MDA to have known the nature of what was
contained in the Three Bundles.

39 In his evidence, Yap claimed that he did not know that the Three Bundles
which he had collected from 28/30 Gul Avenue actually contained heroin, until
they were unwrapped in the Room (see [26] above). However, a review of Yap’s
closing submissions shows that he does not actually contend that he has
successfully rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA that he knew
the nature of the drugs in the Three Bundles. Instead, the main point raised
by Yap in those submissions is that his role was confined to that of a courier
in respect of the Three Bundles, which is a point that does not appear to be
challenged by the Prosecution. This is an issue that I will return to in the
course of this judgment. I turn first to consider the case against Lee.

Whether Lee ordered half-pound packets of heroin

40 Lee argues that he has rebutted the presumption under s 17(c) of the MDA
that he intended to traffic in the Three Bundles that had been proven to be in
his possession. This is because of his evidence that he only ordered three
half-pound packets of heroin, and not three one-pound packets. The gist of his
evidence in this regard is as follows.

Lee’s evidence

41 Lee gave evidence that he had ordered from Kelvin one “buku” of “ganja”,
which is a reference to cannabis. A “buku” is the term Lee used to refer to
one kilogram of cannabis. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 19 lines 25-27.

Lee also ordered three “halves” of heroin. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 20-21.

According to him, three “halves” meant three half-pound packets of heroin. He
testified that he had not ordered three “batus”, which would be three one-
pound packets of heroin. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 23 lines 21-22.

42 Lee explained that he was not planning to “take” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 26 lines 22-23.

so much drugs for sale to his customers because he was going to plead guilty
in the State Courts on 10 July 2018 to charges of consuming controlled drugs,
whereupon he would be sentenced to imprisonment for at least five years. The
date of his plead guilty mention was about a week away from when he made this
order of drugs, which was on 4 July 2018. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 25 lines 13-22, p 26 lines 2-6 and 11-23.

Lee testified that this was going to be his “last order”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 26 lines 13-16.

43 As mentioned earlier, it is undisputed that Lee had given the Cash
(amounting to $16,000) to Yap, which Yap was to hand over to the unidentified
male motorcyclist at 28/30 Gul Avenue in exchange for the drugs (see [7]-[8]
above). In his evidence-in-chief, Lee explained that half of that amount, ie,
$8,000, was to pay what he owed his drug supplier, Kelvin, for a previous
delivery of drugs (which he described as the “previous order”), while the
remaining $8,000 was to pay Kelvin for the present order of one “buku” of
cannabis and three “halves” of heroin. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 20 lines 15-18.

44 According to Lee, after Yap had collected the drugs, Yap called (while
still at 28/30 Gul Avenue) to tell him that there were three bundles wrapped
in newspaper and two “bukus” of “ganja”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 21 lines 4-11; 19 Oct 2021, p 76 lines 14-20 and
26-29, p 77 lines 1-7.

Lee said that he then called Kelvin to ask why he had been given two “bukus”
of cannabis, when he only ordered one “buku”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 77 lines 13-14 and 26-27.

Kelvin told him that he would make arrangements to pick up the one extra
cannabis block at the Bendemeer or Kallang area later. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 77 lines 28-29.

In the meantime, Lee asked Yap to bring all the drugs back to the Hotel. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 77 lines 29-31.

As mentioned earlier, it is not in dispute that this call to Kelvin was made
by Lee using Phone A9 (see [23] above).

45 When Yap arrived at the Room, Lee claims that, once he saw the Three
Bundles after they had been unwrapped, he recognised immediately that they
were one-pound packets, and not half-pound packets. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 22 lines 13-17.

This was based on his experience. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 22 line 18.

Lee then weighed each of the bundles, which confirmed that they were one-pound
packets. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 22 lines 19-32, p 23 lines 1-3.

He testified that he called Kelvin again, and told him that he had been given
three “batus” instead of three “halves”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 23 lines 14-22.

Kelvin told him that arrangements would be made for “the change”, namely the
exchange of the three one-pound packets for three half-pound packets. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 23-25, p 23 lines 22-23, p 27 lines 7-8.

Lee’s evidence is that this call was made using Phone A9 (see [23] above). 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 26 lines 2-22.

Lee’s evidence is that, in the period of time after he was placed under arrest
by the CNB officers (who forcibly entered the Room shortly after his call with
Kelvin), he was waiting for Kelvin’s phone call back with details of the
arrangements for the exchange (and also for the return of the additional block
of cannabis). 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 24-25, p 26 lines 31-32, p 27 lines 1-8.

In his evidence-in-chief, Lee points to a photo taken by the officers from the
CNB Forensic Response Team (“FORT”) of one of his handphones, that was later
marked as exhibit F2 (“Phone F2”). This photo showed that there was a missed
call on Phone F2. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 27 lines 15-32, p 28 lines 1-24; Exhibit P104.

For context, Phone F2 had been seized when Lee was arrested, and the said
photo was taken at 2.56pm on 5 July 2018 (the time on Phone F2 was displayed
as 14:56h in the photo). Lee’s evidence is that he thinks that the missed call
on Phone F2 “might be” from Kelvin who was calling about the arrangements for
the exchange. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript, 13 Oct 2021, p 28 lines 25-31.

46 The Prosecution submits that Lee has failed to discharge his evidential
burden of showing that he intended to traffic in only half the quantity of
heroin in his possession (ie, half of the heroin contained in the Three
Bundles amounting to not less than 12.105g). It argues that the court should
reject Lee’s evidence about the wrong amount of heroin being delivered to him
as “nothing more than a self-serving fiction that rests entirely on [Lee’s]
bare assertion”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 20.

It contends that Lee has failed to provide a consistent account of this claim
that he had received an oversupply of heroin, and also that his evidence in
this regard lacks credibility.

Assessment of Lee’s evidence

47 I had several difficulties with Lee’s claim that he had been mistakenly
oversupplied with drugs.

Lee’s lack of credibility

48 The first and main difficulty is that this version of events was raised
late in the day. It is not in dispute that Lee never mentioned anything about
being oversupplied with drugs in any of his statements, whether his cautioned
statement or his investigation statements given to the CNB officers. Instead,
the position that Lee had initially taken was quite dramatically different.
His case then was that the Three Bundles did not belong to him. Instead, he
claimed that they belonged to Yap, whom he alleged was his heroin supplier. In
other words, he pushed all the blame to Yap.

(a) In his cautioned statement recorded on 5 July 2018, Lee said, “I only lend
my hotel room to [Yap] to pack the drugs only. The main thing is I lend the
hotel room to [Yap] only”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB at p 499.

(b) In his investigation statements recorded on 15 July 2018 and 24 August
2018, Lee’s position was as follows: (i) he was a heroin addict who consumed
about 7.5g of heroin a day (and about 75 to 100g of heroin a week); (ii) Yap
was his supplier of heroin and every week he purchases about 10 to 15 packets
of heroin from Yap, who will also deliver the heroin to him; (iii) the heroin
purchased from Yap was part for consumption and part for sale; (iv) on 4 July
2018, Yap was making a delivery of heroin to him and Yap had requested to use
the Room to pack the heroin; and (v) the Three Bundles and one cannabis block
found in the Room all belonged to Yap. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB at pp 545-548, pp 606-608 and pp 632-633.

49 At trial, Lee testified that these allegations in his investigation
statements about Yap being his heroin supplier were actually false. He tried
to explain that, when he was arrested, his “first instinct” was not to admit
to guilt, and that is why he lied in his statements. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 35 lines 15-16.

He also explained that he decided to “push everything” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 110 lines 1-4.

(ie, all of the blame) to Yap because he thought that, since the CNB already
knew of Yap’s involvement (which explained why they followed Yap to the Room),
Yap would be in trouble even if he admitted to having bought three half-pound
packets of heroin for sale to his customers. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 108 lines 11-31, p 109, p 110, p 111 lines 1-7.

50 Before a cautioned statement is recorded under s 23 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”), the accused person is served
with a notice informing him that if he holds back any fact that he intends to
rely on in his defence till he goes to court, his evidence may be less likely
to be believed (see s 23(1) of the CPC). Section 261(1) of the CPC allows the
court to draw adverse inferences from the accused person’s failure to mention
such material facts when he has been subject to this caution (see also Kwek
Seow Hock v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 157 (“Kwek Seow Hock”) at [13]).
Thus, while the accused person is not required to minutely detail his defence,
a material fact relied on at trial must be stated in the cautioned statement
or else it is less likely to be believed if it is raised at trial for the
first time (see Roshdi v Public Prosecutor [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1 at [21]).

51 Lee’s claim that he had been oversupplied heroin by mistake was only raised
for the first time in his Case for Defence (“the CFD”) filed on 14 June 2021.
In Lee’s cautioned statement, not only did Lee omit to mention this
exculpatory claim, namely, that he had been oversupplied heroin by mistake, he
lied that Yap was his supplier of drugs and that the Three Bundles belonged to
Yap (see [48] above). Lee kept up with this lie in his investigation
statements, which were recorded after his cautioned statement was taken. Lee’s
evidence is that he had lied in these statements to push all the blame to Yap
(see [49] above). The import of this is that Lee believed that the CNB did not
yet know of his involvement in connection with the Three Bundles, and so he
lied to distance himself from the Three Bundles. Surely, these lies must have
been told out of Lee’s realisation that, if he had told the truth to the CNB
officers, that would link him to the charge relating to the Three Bundles (see
Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 67 at
[152]-[156]). However, for present purposes, I put aside the issue of whether
Lee’s lies are corroborative of other evidence of his guilt because the
inquiry before the court is whether Lee has discharged his legal burden to
rebut the presumption of trafficking in s 17(c). In other words, the court is
assessing the sufficiency of Lee’s own evidence, not the evidence against Lee
(in respect of which corroborative evidence would be relevant). In that
regard, it is established law that a lie that is not corroborative of guilt
can still be relied upon by the court to make a finding that an accused person
is not creditworthy, even if the accused person had a valid explanation for
lying (see Public Prosecutor v Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015] SGCA 33 at
[62]). In my judgment, Lee’s failure to mention his exculpatory claim when his
cautioned statement came to be recorded, and the lie which he made in that
statement and kept up with in his investigation statements, detrimentally
affect his credibility and allows the court to draw an adverse inference that
the version of events which he testified on is not the truth.

52 Putting that aside, another difficulty I find with Lee’s exculpatory claim
about having been oversupplied heroin by mistake is his inability to maintain
a consistent account of this claim. In the CFD, Lee admitted at paragraph 2
that it was he who instructed Yap to collect drugs that he (Lee) had ordered
from his Malaysian drug supplier, Kelvin. At paragraph 5 of the CFD, it was
stated that Lee “in fact ordered” from his Malaysian supplier “3 bundles of
heroin of half-a-pound each and one packet of one kilogram of cannabis”. Then
at paragraph 7 of the CFD, it was stated that:

Before [Lee] could ascertain that the quantity of drugs he had ordered were in
fact delivered, CNB officers entered [the Room] and arrested both [Lee and
Yap].

53 Paragraph 7 of the CFD was subsequently amended by way of Case for Defence
(Amendment No 1) (“the ACFD”) filed on 6 July 2021. The amended paragraph 7
read:

[Lee] weighed the bundles of heroin [referring to the Three Bundles] and
discovered that they were not of the quantities he had ordered. He then
telephoned [Kelvin] and thereon ascertained that he had been supplied with the
wrong quantity of the drugs. [Kelvin] then informed [Lee] that he would
arrange to take back the excess drugs at either Bendemeer or Kallang area,
with exact place and time to be confirmed. Before [Lee] could confirm the time
and place to return the excess drugs, CNB officers entered [the Room] and
arrested both [Lee and Yap].

54 As would be clear, paragraph 7 of the ACFD was substantially different from
paragraph 7 of the CFD. In the CFD, Lee’s case was that, as far as the Three
Bundles were concerned, he did not even have a chance to determine their
weight before the CNB officers entered the Room, and thus the natural
inference to be drawn is that he did not even know, at the time when he was
arrested, that there had been an oversupply of heroin. However, in paragraph 7
of the ACFD, Lee’s case is that he actually weighed the Three Bundles and
discovered that they were in excess of the quantities that he had ordered from
Kelvin, before the CNB officers entered the Room. In other words, he knew, at
the time when he was arrested, that there had been an oversupply of heroin.

55 When confronted with this inconsistency under cross-examination, Lee tried
to explain that either his counsel had made a mistake when the CFD was
prepared and filed, or he had made a mistake when giving instructions to his
counsel in the preparation of the CFD. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 61 lines 15-32, p 62 lines 1-13.

In re-examination, Lee further elaborated that, when the CFD was prepared and
filed, the facts of the case were “not very fresh” in his mind. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 131 lines 24-32, p 132 lines 1-2 and 16-28.

Under further cross-examination by the Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”), Lee’s
evidence is that he “might” have given incorrect instructions to his counsel,
but it also “might” be that his counsel had misheard him. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 140 lines 14-20.

After taking advice from his counsel, Lee declined to waive legal privilege
over the attendance notes that had been prepared by his counsel when taking
Lee’s instructions for the preparation of the CFD and the ACFD. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 142 lines 21-32, p 143, p 144 lines 1-18; 21 Oct
2021, p 1 lines 7-18, p 2 lines 4-5.

56 From my analysis of this part of the evidence, I was quite unconvinced by
Lee’s explanation for the varying accounts in the CFD and the ACFD concerning
whether he had weighed the Three Bundles before the CNB officers entered the
Room and arrested him. I am unable to understand how the facts of the case
could have been more “fresh” in his mind at the time the ACFD came to be
prepared, as compared to when the CFD was prepared. As for Lee’s other
explanation that he might have given incorrect instructions to his counsel, or
that his counsel might have misheard his instructions, this has not been
substantiated by any evidence other than Lee’s own assertion. Since Lee had
declined to waive privilege over the attendance notes prepared by his counsel
when taking his instructions for the preparation of the CFD and the ACFD,
there is no way for the court to ascertain whether there is any factual basis
for his explanation that there might have been some mistake by either him or
his counsel when the CFD was being prepared.

57 There is a further problem with the consistency of Lee’s account of being
oversupplied with heroin. In the ACFD, as I have highlighted earlier, Lee
claimed that he had discovered that he had been given too much heroin upon
weighing the Three Bundles in the Room (see [53] above). However, in his oral
evidence, Lee stated more than once that, once the newspaper wrapping of the
Three Bundles were removed, he knew straight away - in other words, even
before any weighing of the Three Bundles took place - that he had been given
more heroin than what he had ordered. He recognised immediately that each of
the Three Bundles were one-pound packets of heroin based on his “experience”
(see [45] above). As would be clear, this is again quite different from what
was stated in the ACFD.

58 Lee’s shifting accounts about his exculpatory claim (from the time of the
CFD, then the ACFD, and finally during his oral testimony) undermines his
credibility as a witness. In my view, Lee had provided the additional
information in the ACFD and in his oral evidence - namely, that he had weighed
the Three Bundles and phoned Kelvin, and that he also recognised upon sighting
the Three Bundles unwrapped that they were one-pound packets of heroin - in
order to make his defence about having been oversupplied with heroin appear
more believable. In my judgment, Lee’s shifting account, the fact that he had
raised this exculpatory claim only late in the day, and the lie which he made
in his cautioned statement and kept up with in his investigation statements,
substantially affect the court’s assessment of the credibility of his evidence
about having been oversupplied by Kelvin with heroin.

Lee’s evidence that he had called Kelvin to inform him about the oversupply of
heroin

59 I come now to Lee’s evidence that he had called his drug supplier, Kelvin,
and the evidence of a missed call on Phone F2, which Lee relies on in support
of his defence (see [23] and [45] above). To recap, Lee’s evidence is that,
after he had weighed the Three Bundles and confirmed what he already knew, ie,
that he had been wrongly supplied with three one-pound packets of heroin, he
made a phone call to Kelvin just before the CNB officers forcibly entered the
Room. The Call Trace Report for Phone A9 indeed shows a phone call being made
to a Malaysian number (which, as it is undisputed, is Kelvin’s number) at
9.59pm, and which lasted 3 minutes and 41 seconds. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Exhibit P135 [AB at p 201]

Lee’s evidence is that this 9.59pm call was the phone call that he made to
Kelvin. Lee gave evidence that, after this call at 9.59pm was made, he was
expecting a call back from Kelvin about the arrangements for the exchange of
the Three Bundles (and the return of the additional block of cannabis), but he
was arrested before he received any call (see [45] above). Lee also points to
evidence of a missed call shown on Phone F2 (see also [45] above). He refers
to the photo of Phone F2 that was taken by CNB FORT officers on 5 July 2018 at
2.56pm that was entered into evidence, which shows a missed call on this phone
(see [45] above). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Exhibit P104.

Lee believes that the missed call on Phone F2 was from Kelvin who was calling
him about the arrangements in relation to the exchange of the Three Bundles.

60 The Prosecution does not dispute that Lee made the 9.59pm call to Kelvin.
98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See Transcript, 25 Apr 2022, p 6 lines 13–26.

Instead, it only submits that Lee’s version of events - namely, that the Three
Bundles had been unwrapped and weighed before Lee called Kelvin at 9.59pm - is
improbable because Lee could not have done all of that in the short period of
time after Yap entered the Room and before the call to Kelvin was made. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submission at para 32; Transcript, 25 Apr 2022, p 6
lines 13-26.

As I explain later in this judgment, I have some difficulties with that
submission and do not accept it (see [79] below). For now, it suffices for me
to state that, after reviewing the relevant evidence in relation to Lee’s
9.59pm phone call to Kelvin and the missed call on Phone F2 that Lee refers
to, I am unable to agree with Lee that these support his claim that he had
been oversupplied with heroin on 4 July 2018.

61 First, in relation to Lee’s call to Kelvin at 9.59pm on Phone A9, save for
Lee’s bare assertion, there is no other evidence that the call was about Lee
informing Kelvin that he had been oversupplied with heroin. As mentioned
earlier, it is not in dispute that Lee used Phone A9 to communicate with
Kelvin on the day of his arrest (see [23] above). Lee also gave evidence that
he would use messaging applications like Telegram and WhatsApp to send
messages to Kelvin about the arrangements to collect drugs, including the
location and the time, although he testified that he could not remember
whether he used those messaging applications on Phone A9 or Phone F2. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 41 lines 12-31, p 42 lines 1-30, p 44 lines 16-18,
p 45 lines 1-7.

Whichever is the case, an examination of the contents of Phone A9 is likely to
have shed light on the veracity or otherwise of Lee’s claim that he had been
oversupplied with drugs and that he had been communicating with Kelvin about
that issue. After all, according to Lee, immediately after he learnt from Yap
(who called him after collecting the drugs at 28/30 Gul Avenue) that there had
been an extra “buku” of cannabis, he called Kelvin straight away to ask him
about the oversupply of cannabis. As such, there was a period of at least 30
minutes before Yap arrived at the Room when Lee and Kelvin presumably would
have been in some form of communication about the oversupply of cannabis.
Further, according to Lee, after Yap arrived at the Room and unwrapped the
Three Bundles, upon which he discovered that he had also been oversupplied
with heroin, he called Kelvin again (this was the call at 9.59pm). Similarly,
if Lee’s claim about having been oversupplied with heroin and cannabis were
true, one can expect that messages concerning the alleged exchange of the
Three Bundles and the return of the additional block of cannabis would have
been sent by Kelvin to Lee after the call at 9.59pm. In my view, the contents
of Phone A9 would likely be able to shed some light as to the truth or falsity
of Lee’s claim that he had been oversupplied with drugs.

62 What is significant, however, is Lee’s attempts to downplay the importance
and relevance of Phone A9 to this case. When Lee was questioned by the
Investigating Officer Deputy Superintendent Taufiq Abdul Azim (“DSP Taufiq”)
about Phone A9 during the recording of his investigation statement, Lee said:
“I cannot remember the telephone number for this handphone. I seldom use this
handphone. The handphone is my old phone” [emphasis added]. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AB at p 502.

In light of how Phone A9 had been used by Lee to call Kelvin on 4 July 2018,
what Lee had said in his statement is clearly untrue. During cross-
examination, Lee accepted that he downplayed the significance of Phone A9 in
his statements recorded by DSP Taufiq. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 27 lines 15-17.

Also, when asked by DSP Taufiq for the password to unlock Phone A9, Lee’s
answer was “elzd”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, 12 Oct 2021, p 55 lines 1-5.

It is not in dispute that this was an incorrect password that could not be
used to unlock Phone A9. Lee’s evidence is that he thought that he had
provided the correct password to DSP Taufiq, and he did not know that “elzd”
could not be used to unlock Phone A9 until the time of the trial. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 27 lines 6-14, p 28 lines 8-32, p 29 lines 1-4.

In the course of the trial, the Prosecution facilitated a request by counsel
for Lee to attempt to unlock Phone A9 using the various passwords provided by
Lee. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, pp 124-126.

However, none of those passwords provided by Lee could unlock Phone A9 and
counsel informed the court that Lee’s instructions is that he could not
remember any other password for Phone A9. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 1 lines 7-11.

Lee thus never gave the correct password to allow the CNB officers to unlock
Phone A9, and the CNB officers have never been able to examine the contents of
the messages sent and received on Phone A9.

63 While I accept that Lee may no longer remember the password to Phone A9 at
the time of the trial, I am unable to accept that he would have forgotten the
correct password to Phone A9 by the time his first investigation statement was
given on 11 July 2018, about a week after his arrest. I cannot accept that Lee
would not have remembered the password on Phone A9 just a week after using
that device. In my judgment, Lee’s failure to give the correct password for
Phone A9 to DSP Taufiq had been deliberate. Perhaps the reason for Lee’s
reluctance to reveal the correct password to DSP Taufiq at that time was
because a review of his communications with Kelvin would likely show his exact
dealings with Kelvin and that it was Kelvin who was his supplier of drugs and
not Yap. That would have punctured his claim then that Yap was his supplier of
heroin.

64 Lee’s evidence is that he might also have used Phone F2 to communicate with
Kelvin. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 45 lines 18-19.

That is why he believes that the missed call received on Phone F2 was the call
from Kelvin about the arrangements for the “exchange” of the Three Bundles. I
should add that the contents of Phone F2 are also relevant because Lee gave
evidence that he communicated with Yap about the collection of drugs using
mainly Phone F2. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 100 lines 4-28, p 101 lines 9-32.

65 DSP Taufiq testified that, on 5 July 2018, whilst he and Lee were both in
the CNB Exhibit Management Room where the case exhibits were being
photographed, he had asked Lee for the password to unlock Phone F2. DSP Taufiq
recalled Lee as saying that he could not remember the password to Phone F2.
109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript, 12 Oct 2021, p 50 lines 30-31, p 51 lines 1–2, p 52 lines 1-13; 13
Oct 2021, p 6 lines 1-5.

DSP Taufiq testified that he asked Lee again during the recording of one of
his investigation statements for the password for F2, but Lee maintained that
he could not remember the password. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, 12 Oct 2021, p 52 lines 15-21; AB at p 503.

In any event, the CNB FORT officers could not extract any data from Phone F2
because it could not be unlocked. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 12 Oct 2021, p 51 lines 3-5.

They switched off Phone F2 and handed it back to DSP Taufiq. DSP Taufiq
testified that he switched on the phone again on 25 July 2018 in an attempt to
see if the passwords provided by Lee for his other phones could unlock Phone
F2. He was shocked to see that, immediately after Phone F2 was switched on, it
was displayed on the screen that the data on Phone F2 was being automatically
erased. This went on for a while before the phone then restarted itself in the
“factory settings” mode. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 12 Oct 2021, p 51 lines 8-18, p 54 lines 9-11.

A report prepared by the CNB FORT officers pursuant to a forensic examination
of Phone F2 conducted on 14 February 2019 records that Phone F2 has been
restored to factory settings and no information could be extracted from it.
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AB at pp 73-76.

In other words, there no longer remains any data on Phone F2 at all.

66 There were two SIM cards which Lee used for Phone F2. One SIM card had the
number 85817178, and the other had the number 98940344. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Exhibit P342; Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 101 lines 18-20.

The Call Trace Reports for these two SIM cards used on Phone F2 show that
there were no incoming calls received on 4 July 2018. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

AB at pp 87 and 215.

It is common ground that the Call Trace Reports do not show records of missed
calls. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript,12 Oct 2021, p 49 lines 29-31, p 50 lines 1-6.

As such, it is not possible to determine from which number the missed call on
Phone F2 had been made.

67 Given the state of the evidence, I cannot agree with the submission by the
Defence that Lee has been able to show that the missed call received on Phone
F2 is likely to be from Kelvin, who was calling about the arrangements for the
exchange of the three one-pound packets of heroin. There is simply not enough
evidence for the court to come to such a finding. Aside from Lee’s asserted
belief, there is no evidence that the missed call on Phone F2 had been made by
Kelvin. The contents of Phone F2 are also unknown because Lee never provided
the password to unlock it and it has since been reset to “factory settings”. I
also reiterate that there is nothing other than Lee’s own bare assertion that
his call to Kelvin on Phone A9 at 9.59pm was about the oversupply of heroin.
The record of the 9.59pm call on Phone A9 in and of itself does not provide
support to Lee’s claim and its evidential value is only as good as Lee’s own
bare assertion. The contents of Phone A9, which in my view would likely have
been able to shed some light on the truth or falsity of Lee’s claim, are
unknown as the phone remains locked. For reasons best known to himself, Lee
did not provide the correct password to unlock Phone A9 during the
investigation process.

Yap’s evidence does not support Lee’s defence

68 Counsel for Lee also points to the evidence of Yap as being supportive of
the case that Lee had been oversupplied with drugs. To be clear, Yap’s
evidence in this regard was limited to the alleged oversupply of cannabis. Yap
had given evidence that he was told by Lee to leave one “buku” of cannabis in
the car because this had been mistakenly delivered and had to be later sent to
somewhere in Bendemeer or Kallang. Lee argues that this corroborates his claim
that he had been given an extra “buku” of cannabis by mistake.

69 As for the alleged oversupply of heroin, Yap could not shed very much light
on this claim. This is because Yap’s evidence is that, after he returned to
the Room with the drugs and unwrapped the Three Bundles before they were
weighed, he does not recall Lee saying anything to the effect that the heroin
bundles looked too big or expressing any shock or surprise that the heroin
bundles were bigger than what he had ordered. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 61 lines 25-32, p 62 lines 1-7.

Yap also does not recall Lee mentioning anything in the Room about having been
given more heroin than what he ordered, after Lee had weighed each of the
Three Bundles. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 62 lines 21-32, p 63 lines 1-11.

While Yap testified that he saw Lee on the phone with someone after the latter
had weighed the Three Bundles, Yap’s evidence is that he did not know who Lee
was talking to and also did not hear the conversation that Lee was having over
the phone (see [30] above). He was thus not able to say that Lee was speaking
on the phone with his drug supplier about being oversupplied with heroin.

70 Nonetheless, Lee submits that the oversupply of cannabis, which Yap can
corroborate, is consistent with his case that Kelvin had got his order for
drugs wrong, and had given him double the amount of drugs that he had ordered.
Hence, Lee had not only gotten twice the amount of cannabis but also twice the
amount of heroin that he ordered.

71 In my judgment, Lee’s submission does not get off the ground at all. This
is because, when pressed by the DPP during cross-examination, Yap conceded,
quite unequivocally, that his earlier oral evidence that the “buku” of
cannabis that he had left in the car was to be returned to someone in
Bendemeer or Kallang later was a lie. He accepted that the “buku” of cannabis
was his (Yap’s), and that Lee had told him to leave it in the car for that
reason. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 28 lines 3-11.

This concession completely contradicts Yap’s earlier assertion that Lee had
told him that there had been an oversupply of cannabis and that one “buku” of
cannabis was to be returned to the supplier. In my judgment, it is quite clear
that Yap had tailored his oral evidence about leaving one “buku” of cannabis
in the car to be redelivered to the supplier in a misguided attempt to help
Lee in his defence. For completeness, I should add that Yap also conceded
during cross-examination that he had lied in his investigation statement about
Lee instructing him to leave one block of cannabis in his car for delivery to
someone in Bendemeer to Kallang (see [29] above). Yap accepted that he made up
that lie then in order to distance himself from that block of cannabis (which
was actually his) and push the blame to Lee. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 27 lines 17-32, p 28 lines 1-2.

72 Lee argues that Yap’s evidence nonetheless supports his case that he had
been oversupplied with heroin because Yap testified that Lee had weighed the
Three Bundles and then proceeded to make a phone call. I do not see how this
evidence is of much assistance to Lee’s defence. As mentioned earlier, Yap’s
evidence is that he did not hear Lee say anything in the Room to the effect
that the Three Bundles looked too big. Yap is also unable to recall whether
Lee expressed any surprise about the Three Bundles being bigger than what he
had ordered when they were were unwrapped (see [69] above). Not only that, Yap
could not give any evidence as to who Lee had phoned and what that phone
conversation was about (see [69] above). It is also Yap’s evidence that Lee
never told him that there had been an oversupply of heroin or anything about
exchanging the three one-pound packets of heroin. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 63 lines 17-24, p 65 lines 12-29.

I have already pointed out earlier that the Prosecution does not dispute that
Lee had spoken for over three minutes on the phone with his drug supplier,
Kelvin, before the CNB officers forcibly entered the Room (see [60] above).
However, that conversation could have been about anything. There is simply
insufficient evidence to show that Lee was speaking to Kelvin about an
oversupply of heroin during that call.

Price of the drugs

73 The Prosecution also submits that the Cash (amounting to $16,000) that Lee
had handed over to Yap for payment for the drugs is consistent with its case
that Lee had in fact ordered three one-pound packets or “batus” of heroin, and
two “bukus” of cannabis. In this regard, the Prosecution relies on the
evidence of Inspector Tan Keng Chuan (“Insp Tan”), who is with the CNB’s
Intelligence Division.

74 Insp Tan has been working in the CNB for 20 years. His duties involve the
collation of information and intelligence collected by the CNB. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2021, p 36 lines 1-11.

His evidence is that heroin is typically sold by Malaysia-based suppliers to
Singapore-based traffickers in one-pound packets, which are referred to as
“batus”. Each such one-pound packet of heroin would be sold by Malaysia-based
suppliers for about $2,200 to $3,600. As for cannabis, they are usually sold
by the Malaysia-based suppliers to Singapore-based traffickers in one-kilogram
blocks. Each block is sold at the price of $1,700 to $2,600. As such, Insp
Tan’s view is that three pounds of heroin and two kilogrammes of cannabis
would cost a Singapore-based trafficker $10,000 to $16,000 to buy from a
Malaysia-based supplier. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2021, p 34 lines 24-33, p 35 lines 1-10; p 37 lines 6-18;
PS45.

75 Under cross-examination, Insp Tan agreed that it was possible that, in
2018, Malaysia-based drug suppliers might have charged more than $3,600 for
one pound of heroin, and more than $2,600 for one kilogram of cannabis. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2021, p 44 lines 15-17 and 27-29.

He also explained that his opinion about the prices of heroin and cannabis
charged by Malaysia-based suppliers is based on information gathered by the
CNB from arrest cases, accused persons and informants. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2021, p 42 lines 4-17.

76 At trial, it initially appeared to me that counsel for Lee might be
challenging the validity and bases of Insp Tan’s opinions about the prices
charged by Malaysia-based suppliers for heroin and cannabis. It seemed that
Lee might be taking the position that the prices charged by Kelvin for heroin
and cannabis were far higher than Insp Tan’s estimates. However, when Lee took
the stand and gave evidence, he sought to justify the $16,000 he paid by
explaining that he paid $8,000 for his order of three “halves” of heroin and
one “buku” of cannabis. The other $8,000 was to pay Kelvin for his previous
delivery of drugs (see [43] above). In other words, Lee was not contesting
Insp Tan’s estimates for the prices charged by Malaysia-based suppliers for
heroin and cannabis. A review of Lee’s closing submissions confirmed that Lee
was taking the point that he paid only $8,000 for his order of drugs, and the
other $8,000 was for a previous supply of drugs which was unpaid as of 4 July
2018. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

1st Accused’s Closing Submissions at para 22.

77 The Prosecution attacks this part of Lee’s evidence as being inconsistent.
This is because, under cross-examination by the DPP, Lee’s explanation for the
$16,000 he paid changed. He claimed that $8,000 was for the current order, but
the remaining $8,000 was not just for a previous order he made, but also for
repaying Kelvin for earlier orders that remained unpaid. Lee’s evidence is
that what he owed Kelvin from those earlier orders were rolled over and so the
remaining $8,000 was used to repay what he had owed Kelvin. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 74 lines 11-32, p 75 lines 1-4.

In light of his changing evidence, my view is that it is incumbent on Lee to
provide some other evidence, whether in the form of messages exchanged with
Kelvin or something else, to substantiate his bare assertion that the full
$16,000 was not for payment of the delivery of drugs that were received on 4
July 2018. After all, as I mentioned, Lee does not take issue with Insp Tan’s
estimates of the prices charged by Malaysia-based suppliers for heroin and
cannabis, and the amount of $16,000 is within the range of prices for the
delivered quantity of three one-pound packets of heroin and two one-kilogram
blocks of cannabis. However, Lee provided no evidence whatsoever to support
his bare assertion about the amount of $8,000 of the Cash being for an earlier
order or earlier orders of drugs that remained unpaid.

78 The same difficulty afflicts Lee’s evidence as to why he claimed to have
ordered three “halves” instead of three “batus” of heroin. This issue had
arisen because of Insp Tan’s evidence that Malaysia-based drug suppliers
typically transact in one-pound packets of heroin rather than half-pound
packets. Under cross-examination, Lee explained that he had ordered three
“halves” at $2,000 each because he had three customers who each wanted half-
pound packets. He therefore asked his Malaysia-based supplier to pre-pack
three half-pound packets of heroin which he could then sell directly to his
customers. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 120 lines 1-10.

Lee said that these three customers were “King”, “Low” and “Heng”. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 120 lines 11-14.

Lee says that he saved King’s contact on the handphone marked exhibit A11, and
that he had also contacted King on 4 July 2018 using that phone. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 120 lines 16-18.

However, when it was pointed to him that the Call Trace Report of the number
linked to that phone shows that no calls had been exchanged between him and
King on 4 July 2018, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 121 lines 28-32, AB at pp 233-236.

Lee then said that these records “might be in my another [sic] handphone”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 122 line 2.

Quite conveniently, Lee then said that the contact details for these three
customers could be found in Phone A9, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 19 Oct 2021, p 122 lines 10-32, p 123 lines 1-10.

which is one of the two phones that could not be unlocked during the
investigation process. In any case, there was no evidence before the court of
calls or messages that Lee exchanged with any of these three customers on 4
July 2018 on Lee’s other phones. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, pp 2-14.

As mentioned earlier, it is my view that the onus is on Lee to provide some
supporting evidence that his claim that he had ordered three “halves” of
heroin instead of three “batus” is credible. The best way to do this is by
reference to messages that he might have exchanged with his three customers
about their orders for half-pound packets of heroin. Given that Lee has not
provided the correct password to allow Phone A9 to be unlocked, there was an
absence of any such supporting evidence of the messages that Lee might have
exchanged with these customers, King, Low and Heng.

Lee has not rebutted the presumption of trafficking in s 17(c) of the MDA

79 Before concluding this part of the judgment, I ought to deal with one other
submission raised by the Prosecution. It argues that it is highly improbable
that Lee would have weighed the drugs on two different weighing scales (which
Lee claims he did during cross-examination) 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 69 lines 7-32, p 70 lines 1-23, p 86 lines 13-16.

because there was insufficient time between the point when Yap entered the
Room to the time when Lee phoned Kelvin at 9.59pm for Lee to have done so. The
Prosecution argues that, on the evidence, it has established a “tight
timeline” from the time Yap reached the Room to the time Lee phoned Kelvin and
started their over three-minute call. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 32.

That showed that Lee only had a minute or so to weigh the Three Bundles and
the cannabis block. As such, the Prosecution argues that the court should find
that Lee did not weigh the drugs in the manner he says he did, and thus Lee’s
call to Kelvin at 9.59pm could not have been about him being oversupplied with
heroin.

80 First of all, I do not find that it is open for the Prosecution to make any
submission about Lee not having weighed the drugs. It is an agreed fact that
Lee did weigh the three bundles of heroin and one block of cannabis on a
weighing scale in the Room before the CNB officers forcibly entered the Room
(see [10] above). 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

SOAF at para 8.

Further, it was the Prosecution’s own case against Lee that he had weighed the
drugs on two different weighing scales because he wanted to make sure that the
weight of the drugs he received were accurate. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 70 lines 2-5.

During cross-examination, Lee initially said that he only weighed the drugs
once, but later agreed with the DPP that he would have weighed the drugs twice
using two weighing scales. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 20 Oct 2021, p 69 lines 20-32, p 70 lines 1-12.

81 In any event, I do not find this submission by the Prosecution to be
persuasive. If it were true, as Lee claimed, that he recognised straight away
that the Three Bundles were one-pound packets and not half-pound packets, I do
not think that it would have taken him very long at all to confirm his
suspicions by placing the Three Bundles on the electronic weighing scales one
after the other, even if he weighed all the packets twice. After all, he was
simply confirming that they were not half-pound packets, and he was not
recording down their precise weights. Also, as Lee explained, he might have
already phoned Kelvin while the weighing was in progress.

82 In order for Lee to rebut the presumption of trafficking under s 17(c) of
the MDA, the legal burden is on him to prove, on a balance of probabilities,
the existence of facts which show that he was not in possession of the Three
Bundles for the purpose of trafficking, namely, that he had only ordered three
half-pound packets of heroin, instead of three one-pound packets, and that the
Three Bundles came to be delivered to him only by mistake and were to be
exchanged with Kelvin for three half-pound packets (see Roshdi bin Abdullah
Altway v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2022] 1 SLR 535 at [73]). On
the evidence as a whole, I am not satisfied that Lee has done so. Lee’s claim
of being oversupplied with drugs was only raised late in the day, and he has
not been able to maintain a consistent account of how he learnt that he was
oversupplied with drugs. It is also externally inconsistent with Yap’s
evidence which, quite clearly, does not support Lee’s claim about what had
happened. It is also a claim that rests entirely on Lee’s bare assertion, and
is not supported by any evidence, such as messages which Lee might have
exchanged either with his customers who allegedly ordered half-pound packets
of heroin, or with Kelvin who allegedly had gotten Lee’s order wrong. In
short, I do not find Lee’s evidence that he only intended to traffic in three
“halves” of heroin to be credible. In my judgment, on the evidence before me,
Lee has failed to rebut the presumption in s 17(c) of the MDA that he was in
possession of the Three Bundles, which contained not less than 24.21g of
diamorphine, for the purpose of trafficking. Accordingly, I find that the
elements of the trafficking charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA
against Lee have been proven beyond reasonable doubt, and I convict him
accordingly.

Yap’s role in the transaction

83 As mentioned earlier, Yap’s evidence at trial is that he had agreed to
collect drugs for Lee, but he did not know what type of drugs he would be
collecting from 28/30 Gul Avenue, nor the quantity of those drugs. Yap
testified that, when the drugs were thrown into the car by the unidentified
male motorcyclist, he knew from sight that there were two “bukus” of cannabis.
After all, those two blocks of cannabis were wrapped in transparent packaging.
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 11-12.

However, Yap insisted that he did not know that the Three Bundles (each of
which had been wrapped with newspaper) that had been thrown into the car were
heroin, until they were unwrapped in the Room. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 15-17, p 30 lines 1-4; 1 Nov 2021, p 32
lines 7-12.

Yap accepted that, while he was still in the car at 28/30 Gul Avenue, he
physically handled the Three Bundles when he placed them in the green bag that
Lee had given him to store the drugs collected. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 38 line 10.

Yap also agreed that he had felt that the Three Bundles had a lumpy, cuboid
texture when he handled them. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 38 line 24-31, p 39 lines 1-3.

However, Yap denied that he knew from the lumpy, cuboid texture of the Three
Bundles that they contained heroin. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 39 lines 11-15.

84 To rebut the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, the burden
is on an accused person to establish on a balance of probabilities that he did
not know the nature of the drugs found in his possession (see Gobi a/l Avedian
v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 180 (“Gobi”) at [57] and [65]). The
applicable principles were distilled by the Court of Appeal in Gobi as follows
(at [57]-[61] and [64]-[65]):

(a) The starting point is for the accused person to give an account of what he
thought or believed the thing in his possession was. Whether the presumption
of knowledge has been rebutted involves a subjective inquiry into the accused
person’s state of mind or knowledge. The court will assess the veracity of the
accused person’s assertion as to his subjective state of mind against the
objective facts and examine his actions and conduct relating to the item in
question in coming to a conclusion on the credibility of his assertion.

(b) It is incumbent on the accused person to adduce sufficient evidence
disclosing the basis upon which he claims to have arrived at that subjective
state of mind. It is, however, not necessary for the accused person to
establish that he held a firm belief as to, or actually knew, what the thing
in his possession specifically was; the inquiry is whether the accused person
did not in fact know that the thing in question was the specific drug in his
possession.

(c) The presumption of knowledge will be rebutted where the court accepts that
the accused person formed a positive belief that was incompatible with the
knowledge that the thing which he was carrying was the specific drug in his
possession. However, the accused person need not establish a positive state of
knowledge as to the contents of the items found in his possession. Instead, he
is only required to establish a negative, namely, that he did not believe that
the items in his possession were drugs of the particular nature.

(d) It will not suffice for the accused person to simply claim that he did not
know what he was carrying, or if he had been “indifferent” about what the
thing in his possession was (namely, where he was in a position to verify or
ascertain the nature of what he was carrying but chose not to do so). In those
circumstances, the accused person cannot rebut the presumption of knowledge
because he cannot be said to have formed any view as to what the thing in his
possession is or is not.

85 As mentioned earlier, Yap’s evidence is that he neither knew what drugs he
was collecting at 28/30 Gul Avenue nor the quantity of those drugs that were
to be collected, and he also did not ask Lee any questions (see [25] above).
During cross-examination, Yap accepted that he did not care how much drugs he
was told by Lee to collect and deliver. He says that his job was simply to
hand over the Cash to the unidentified male motorcyclist and collect whatever
drugs were given to him. During cross-examination, when asked by the DPP what
he would have done if the unidentified male motorcyclist at 28/30 Gul Avenue
had given him 50 pounds of heroin, Yap testified that he would have still
collected it and delivered it to Lee at the Room in the Hotel. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 86 lines 22-31, p 87 lines 1-6.

Yap’s evidence, therefore, is that he did not care how much drugs he was asked
to collect from 28/30 Gul Avenue by Lee, and that he was also not concerned to
find out what drugs he was collecting.

86 Yap also took no steps to ascertain what was in the Three Bundles, despite
having had the opportunity to do so. According to Yap, the drugs were thrown
by the unidentified male motorcyclist into his car about 30 minutes after he
reached 28/30 Gul Avenue at 8.47pm. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 1-9.

Shortly after, Lee phoned him and asked him to check on the drugs that he
received, and he did so. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 18 lines 21-32, p 19 lines 1-9.

He began driving back to the Hotel shortly thereafter. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript, 21 Oct 2021, p 20 lines 24–32, p 21 lines 1-7.

Yap eventually reached the Hotel at 9.51pm (see [9] above). Yap therefore had
ample time before returning to the Hotel to ascertain the nature of the Three
Bundles by unwrapping them in the car but he never did so.

87 In Yap’s written closing submissions, his counsel did not take the position
that he had successfully rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA
that he knew the nature of the drug in the Three Bundles. In any event, that
would have been a hopeless position to take. As the Court of Appeal emphasised
in Gobi, a mere assertion by an accused person that he is ignorant as to the
nature of the drug found in his possession cannot suffice to rebut the
presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA (at [65]). More importantly, Yap’s evidence
is to the effect that he was simply “wholly indifferent” to the nature of what
was contained in the Three Bundles, in that he did not know what was contained
in the Three Bundles and never bothered to find out about the same. On his
evidence, he could not have had any positive belief as to what was contained
in the Three Bundles that he had collected. That being the case, Yap cannot
rebut the presumption under s 18(2) that he knew the nature of the drug in the
Three Bundles.

88 Yap’s closing submissions was devoted almost entirely to showing that his
role in the transaction involving the Three Bundles was limited to delivering
the drugs from 28/30 Gul Avenue to Lee at the Room in the Hotel. In short, it
was to establish that Yap acted only as a courier and thus his actions vis-à-
vis the Three Bundles fall within s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA. From the position
taken by the Prosecution, I do not think that Yap’s role in this regard is in
dispute. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript, 1 Nov 2021, p 66 lines 1-3, p 69 line 11.

For the avoidance of doubt, I do find that Yap’s involvement in the
trafficking charge under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA was restricted to that of
“transporting” (per s 33B(2)(a)(i) of the MDA) the Three Bundles from 28/30
Gul Avenue to Lee at the Room in the Hotel.

89 That, however, is not relevant to the question of whether Yap is guilty of
the offence with which he has been charged, ie, whether he has committed the
offence under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA of trafficking in heroin. Section 33B(2) is
relevant only to the question of the sentence to be imposed by Yap if he is
convicted of the offence under s 5(1) of the MDA: see 33B(1) of the MDA.

90 Given the evidence before the court, in particular, Yap’s own evidence as
to his role in the transaction, I find that the elements of the trafficking
charge under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA against Yap have been proven beyond
reasonable doubt, and I convict him accordingly.

Conclusion

91 For the above reasons, I convict Lee and Yap of their respective charges
accordingly. I will now hear the parties on the question of sentencing.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
April Phang, Kong Kuek Foo and Lim Woon Yee (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the Prosecution;

Lee Yoon Tet Luke (Luke Lee & Co) and Ng Wai Keong Timothy (Timothy Ng LLC)
for the first accused;

Tan Jeh Yaw (Tan Jeh Yaw LLC) and Wong Hong Weng Stephen (Matthew Chiong
Partnership) for the second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Aug 2022 (16:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

