Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 43

Originating Summons No 920 of 2021

Between

| Hunan Xiangzhong Mining Group Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Oilive Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Arbitration — Arbitral tribunal — Jurisdiction]

[Arbitration — Arbitral tribunal — Appointment of arbitrator]

[Arbitration — Arbitral tribunal — Singapore International Arbitration Centre
— Whether sole arbitrator is to be appointed by Chairman or President]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hunan Xiangzhong Mining Group Ltd v

  

Oilive Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 43

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 920 of 2021

S Mohan J  
2 December 2021

28 February 2022 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

Introduction

1 In HC/OS 920/2021 (“OS 920”), the plaintiff, Hunan Xiangzhong Mining Group
Limited applies, pursuant to s 10(3)(a) of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”), for a declaration that the sole arbitrator,
Mr Timothy Cooke (“Arbitrator”), does not have jurisdiction over the
arbitration proceedings in Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”)
Arbitration No 934 of 2020 (“Arbitration”). In a Ruling on Jurisdiction dated
12 August 2021 (“Jurisdiction Decision”), the Arbitrator ruled that he has
jurisdiction over the Arbitration. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Zhao Meiqing’s affidavit dated 6 September 2021 (“Zhao’s affidavit”) at pp 17
to 36.

2 It is well established that an application made under s 10(3) of the IAA is
to be reviewed by the court de novo. In considering the matter afresh, the
court will consider the arbitral tribunal’s views on its jurisdiction, as what
the tribunal has said might well be persuasive. However, beyond this, the
court is not bound to accept or take into account the arbitral tribunal’s
findings on the matter (Sanum Investments Ltd v Government of the Lao People’s
Democratic Republic [2016] 5 SLR 536 at [41]).

3 The central controversy in OS 920 pertains to the validity of the
Arbitrator’s appointment. In essence, the plaintiff contends that the
appointment of the Arbitrator was not in accordance with the parties’
agreement in the arbitration agreement contained in the underlying contract
between the parties (see [7] below). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 25 November 2021 (“PWS”) at para 20.

The relevant part of the arbitration agreement prescribed that “THE TRIBUNAL
SHALL CONSIST OF A SINGLE ARBITRATOR AGREED UPON BY BOTH PARTIES, OR IF NOT SO
AGREED, BY THE CHAIRMAN FOR THE TIME BEING OF SIAC” [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]. Since the Arbitrator in this case was appointed by the
President of the Court of Arbitration of the SIAC (“President”) and not the
Chairman of the SIAC (“Chairman”), the plaintiff’s position is that the
Arbitrator’s appointment is invalid. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PWS at paras 6 and 8.

In response, the defendant submits that the appointment procedures were
correctly observed and the Arbitrator was properly appointed under the SIAC
Rules (6th edition, 1 August 2016) (“SIAC Rules 2016”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 25 November 2021 (“DWS”) at paras 52 to
53.

In any case, the plaintiff’s application should fail because it was made to
the Arbitrator out of time. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DWS at para 51.

4 At the outset, I note that the parties do not dispute that the institutional
authority responsible for the appointment of arbitrators for arbitrations
conducted under the SIAC’s arbitration rules has changed over time. Before
April 2013, the appointment of arbitrators was made by the Chairman. For
example, r 6.3 of the SIAC Rules (4th edition, 1 July 2010) stated that “In
all cases, the arbitrators nominated by the parties, or by any third person
including the arbitrators already appointed, shall be subject to appointment
by the Chairman in his discretion”. Following an internal reorganisation
within the SIAC which, inter alia, created the office of the President, in r
6.3 of the SIAC Rules (5th edition, 1 April 2013) (“SIAC Rules 2013”), the
reference to Chairman was amended to the President. Rules 1.3 and 1.4 of the
SIAC Rules 2013 also expressly amended the previous editions of the SIAC Rules
to state that “Chairman” would from 1 April 2013 onwards mean “President”.

5 In this judgment, I address the effect of these retrospective amendments and
the proper construction of arbitration agreements that may have been drafted
on the basis of the previous editions of the SIAC Rules. I begin with the
factual background pertinent to the present case.

Factual background

6 The plaintiff in OS 920 is a company incorporated in the People’s Republic
of China and was the respondent in the Arbitration. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Zhao’s affidavit at para 6.

The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore and was the claimant in
the Arbitration. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Zhao’s affidavit at para 7.

7 The parties’ dispute in the Arbitration arose out of a contract dated 18 May
2020 for the sale and purchase of a cargo of 280,000 barrels of light cycle
oil plus/minus 10% at the defendant’s option (“Contract”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Zhao’s affidavit at para 8; Mangkaiyarkarasi d/o Panneer Selvam’s affidavit
dated 14 October 2021 (“MPS’ affidavit”) at para 6.

Clause 16 of the Contract contained the relevant arbitration agreement
(“Arbitration Agreement”) and stated as follows:

16) LAW & ARBITRATION

THE CONTRACT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SINGAPORE
LAW, NOT INCLUDING ANY CONFLICT OF LAWS OR RULES.

ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY
QUESTION REGARDING ITS EXISTENCE, VALIDITY OR TERMINATION

SHALL BE REFERRED TO AND FINALLY RESOLVED BY ARBITRATION IN SINGAPORE TO THE
EXCLUSION OF ANY OTHER FORUM OR JURISDICTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ARBITRATION RULES OF THE SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION CENTRE (SIAC
RULES) FOR THE TIME BEING IN FORCE WHICH RULES ARE DEEMED TO BE INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE IN THIS CLAUSE. THE TRIBUNAL SHALL CONSIST OF A SINGLE ARBITRATOR
AGREED UPON BY BOTH PARTIES, OR IF NOT SO AGREED, BY THE CHAIRMAN FOR THE TIME
BEING OF SIAC.

THE PLACE OF THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE SINGAPORE. THE LANGUAGE OF THE
ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENGLISH. THE REASONED ARBITRATION AWARD SHALL BE FINAL
AND BINDING UPON BOTH PARTIES WITHOUT RECOURSE TO ANY COURTS. ANY COSTS
RELATED TO ARBITRATION, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY’S FEES, SHALL BE BORNE
BY THE LOSING PARTY.

THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS
AND THE SALE OF GOODS ACT SHALL NOT APPLY TO THIS CONTRACT[.]

8 The defendant commenced the Arbitration on 14 September 2020. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Zhao’s affidavit at para 10; MPS’ affidavit at para 8.

In its Notice of Arbitration, the defendant proposed the appointment of a sole
arbitrator and sought the plaintiff’s agreement. It also proposed for the
Arbitration to be conducted in accordance with the expedited procedure under r
5 of the SIAC Rules 2016. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 62 to 63; MPS’ affidavit at para 9.

It should be noted that the defendant stated in the Notice of Arbitration that
“In accordance with the Arbitration Agreement, it has been agreed as follows:
- … (b) The Tribunal shall consist of a single arbitrator agreed upon by both
parties, or if not so agreed, appointed by the Chairman of the SIAC” [emphasis
added]. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 57 (para 10).

I will deal with the significance of this statement below.

9 The plaintiff neither responded to the Notice of Arbitration nor provided
any comments on the constitution of the tribunal or whether the expedited
procedure should apply. On 26 October 2020, the defendant wrote to the SIAC
stating that more than 21 days had passed since the date of commencement of
the Arbitration and parties have not reached an agreement on the nomination of
the sole arbitrator. The defendant requested that the President proceed to
appoint the sole arbitrator and determine the expedited procedure application.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 21 (para 13).

10 On 27 October 2020, the SIAC responded and requested that the plaintiff
provide its comments on the expedited procedure application, failing which,
the application would be placed before the President for determination. Again,
there was no response from the plaintiff. The defendant thereafter repeated
its request for the President to determine the expedited procedure and the
appointment of the sole arbitrator on 3 November 2020. On 4 November 2020, the
SIAC confirmed that the expedited procedure application would be placed before
the President for determination. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 21 (paras 14 to 16).

11 After inviting comments from the parties on 23 November 2020 regarding the
appointment of the sole arbitrator and receiving no response from the
plaintiff, the SIAC announced on 14 December 2020 that it had requested the
President to make the appointment. The President appointed the Arbitrator in
accordance with r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016 on 29 December 2020. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 21 (paras 17 to 19).

12 The Arbitrator held a preliminary meeting on 11 January 2021 and directed
that the defendant arrange for all relevant correspondence, notices,
procedural orders, directions and documents to be served on the plaintiff. The
defendant (as claimant in the Arbitration) proceeded to file its memorial on
25 February 2021. Despite being ordered to do so by 5 April and then 12 April
2021, the plaintiff did not file any memorial and did not communicate with the
defendant, the Arbitrator or the SIAC. The Arbitrator also invited the
plaintiff to confirm its availability to attend a procedural conference call
on 14 April 2021 but there was again no response. At the procedural conference
call, the Arbitrator directed that an evidential hearing take place remotely
on 17 May 2021 at 10.00am. He directed that the order be served on the
plaintiff by courier and by local lawyers at the plaintiff’s two known
addresses. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 22 (paras 22 to 26).

13 The evidential hearing subsequently took place on 17 May 2021, and the
plaintiff did not attend the hearing. The defendant submitted a memorandum of
service recording that all relevant correspondence, notices, procedural
orders, directions, submissions and documents were couriered and/or personally
served on the plaintiff. The Arbitrator was satisfied that the plaintiff was
aware of the evidential hearing and had been provided with the necessary
details to participate remotely. At the end of the hearing, the Arbitrator
directed that the defendant file any further written submissions including
those on costs by 31 May 2021 and the plaintiff to file any written
submissions it wished to make by 14 June 2021. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 22 to 23 (paras 26 to 29).

14 The plaintiff only appointed counsel on 25 May 2021. The defendant, the
SIAC and the Arbitrator were informed of this in an email from the plaintiff’s
solicitors, Wee Swee Teow LLP, on 27 May 2021. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 23 (para 30) and 132.

The Arbitrator responded the same day remarking that he understood that the
plaintiff “has been provided with copies of documents relating to [the
Arbitration] from the outset” and stated that since the Arbitration was being
conducted under the expedited procedure, the final award was to be rendered
within six months of the constitution of the tribunal. He also stated that the
evidential hearing had taken place and a final award was due by 1 July 2021.
In the circumstances, the Arbitrator requested that the plaintiff clarify why
it had waited so long before instructing counsel in the Arbitration and what
steps it intended to take given that it had apparently chosen not to
participate until 27 May 2021. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 23 (para 30).

15 The plaintiff, through its solicitors, responded substantively on 31 May
2021 asserting that the Arbitrator had not been appointed in accordance with
the Arbitration Agreement and protested the continuation of the Arbitration.
The plaintiff made certain proposals for the future conduct of the proceedings
but did not address the Arbitrator’s query as to why it had not participated
in the Arbitration thus far. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 23 (para 31).

16 On 1 June 2021, the Arbitrator wrote to the secretariat of the SIAC,
copying the parties, seeking an explanation of the steps that had been taken
in relation to his appointment. On 3 June 2021, the SIAC responded in the
following terms:

When making the appointment, we noted that the arbitration clause provides
‘The Tribunal shall consist of a single arbitrator agreed upon by both
parties, or if not so agreed, by the Chairman for the time being of SIAC’. The
Chairman was unable to make the appointment.

We also noted that the President of the SIAC Court of Arbitration
(‘President’) has decided that the proceedings be conducted under the
expedited procedure. We proceeded to request the President to appoint the sole
arbitrator pursuant to Rule 10.2 of the SIAC Rules and let the Parties know
that the President would make the appointment (as stated in our email to the
Parties dated 14 December 2020).

17 On 8 June 2021, the defendant sought certain clarifications from the SIAC
regarding the appointment process and the SIAC responded on 23 June 2021 as
follows:

Please be informed that although the Chairman is unable to appoint an
arbitrator under the SIAC Rules 2016, the practice under SIAC Rules 9.2 and
10.2 is to allow the Chairman to nominate an arbitrator for appointment by the
President, provided the Chairman is not conflicted. Here, because the Chairman
had reported a conflict, no request was made to the Chairman to appoint the
sole arbitrator.

The jurisdictional challenge and the Jurisdiction Decision

18 On 23 June 2021, the plaintiff wrote to the Arbitrator and the defendant
stating that it intended to make a jurisdictional challenge under r 28 of the
SIAC Rules 2016 read with Art 16 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration (“Model Law”), and the application was made on 28 June
2021. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 164 to 167 (paras 7 to 9).

The plaintiff objected to the jurisdiction of the Arbitrator on the basis that
his appointment was not in accordance with the Arbitration Agreement. It also
sought a declaration that the application was made within time. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 24 (para 38).

Written submissions were filed by the parties and an oral hearing of the
application took place at the plaintiff’s request on 26 July 2021. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 24 (para 35).

19 The parties agreed that the Arbitrator had jurisdiction to determine the
plaintiff’s jurisdictional challenge and that the application should be
determined as a preliminary issue. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 24 (paras 36 to 37).

The parties also agreed that the Arbitration was governed by the SIAC Rules
2016. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 27 (para 59.1).

20 In the Jurisdiction Decision, the Arbitrator dismissed the plaintiff’s
application and ruled that he had jurisdiction to determine the dispute
between the parties. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 19 (para 2).

The Arbitrator considered that the plaintiff’s application was premised on
arguments that the President did not have power to appoint the Arbitrator and
this power properly vested in the Chairman for two reasons. Firstly, the
reference to the Chairman in the Arbitration Agreement is to be construed as
an agreement by the parties to have the Chairman appoint the Arbitrator and
this was intended to displace anything to the contrary in the rules of
arbitration incorporated (ie, rr 9.2, 9.3 and 10 of the SIAC Rules 2016). The
plaintiff’s position was that the Arbitration Agreement incorporated the
appointment provisions of earlier editions of the SIAC Rules where the
Chairman did in fact have the power to appoint the arbitrator. Secondly, if
the language used in the Arbitration Agreement did not displace rr 9.2, 9.3
and 10 of the SIAC Rules 2016, then the language of the Arbitration Agreement
is inconsistent with those rules and the parties’ express language should
prevail over the conflicting provisions of the SIAC Rules 2016. The Arbitrator
considered that both of these were questions of construction of the
Arbitration Agreement. It was the plaintiff’s case that the President was not
permitted to appoint the sole arbitrator as the parties had agreed for the
Chairman to do so. Therefore, the Arbitrator’s appointment by the President
cannot stand. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 26 to 27 (paras 55 to 57).

21 As regards the construction of the Arbitration Agreement, the Arbitrator
disagreed that the parties objectively intended for the Chairman to appoint
the Arbitrator or to derogate from the appointment provisions in the SIAC
Rules 2016. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 32 (para 79).

He gave the following reasons in support of his decision:

(a) The Arbitration Agreement provides that a sole arbitrator is to be
“agreed” by the parties. It does not provide that the parties or the Chairman
are to “nominate” or “appoint” the Arbitrator. This suggests that parties did
not draw a distinction between a situation where parties “agreed” an
arbitrator (be that by a nomination or an appointment) or when the Chairman
chose one. In the context of rr 9.2 and 9.3 SIAC Rules 2016 which provide that
where parties have agreed to appoint an arbitrator (or have agreed for a third
party to appoint one), such agreement is deemed to be an agreement to
nominate. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 28 to 30 (paras 61, 63 and 68).

(b) The parties did not agree that the Chairman was to play a special role in
the constitution of the tribunal that would displace the provisions in the
SIAC Rules 2016. If parties intended for the Chairman to “appoint” (rather
than “nominate”) the sole arbitrator, notwithstanding that the SIAC Rules 2016
incorporated at the time of commencement of proceedings may provide otherwise,
they would have stated so explicitly. Mere reference to the Chairman is not
sufficient. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 29 (para 63).

(c) The Arbitrator noted that whilst the earlier editions of the SIAC Rules in
2007 and 2009 provided for the Chairman to make appointments, those earlier
rules had been amended in the SIAC Rules 2013 to provide for the President to
make appointments (see also [4] above). Thus, any reference to Chairman in the
older editions of the SIAC Rules is deemed to be a reference to the President.
The effect of this is that the appointment provisions of the SIAC Rules,
regardless of whether the 2007, 2010 or 2013 edition was incorporated, provide
for the President to appoint or confirm any nomination of a sole arbitrator by
the parties or a third party. The parties cannot have intended to have
incorporated an appointment mechanism from an earlier edition of the SIAC
Rules in its unamended form without having set this out expressly. Therefore,
the parties’ mere reference to the Chairman in the Arbitration Agreement is
simply a reference to a third party to nominate the sole arbitrator. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 29 (para 64).

(d) The parties expressly provided that the SIAC Rules “currently in force”
were deemed incorporated into the Arbitration Agreement. This indicates that
the parties intended for the most up-to-date rules to apply when proceedings
were commenced. They did not specifically carve out from that express
incorporation some historical (and since amended) provisions relating to the
appointment of the tribunal. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 29 (para 65).

(e) The Arbitrator rejected the plaintiff’s argument that the Arbitration
Agreement displaces r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016. The Arbitration Agreement
does not state as such. Rule 10 is also not prefaced by words such as “unless
the parties have agreed otherwise”. Thus, the Arbitration Agreement is to be
read with rather than in contrast to r 10. Rule 10.1 provides that parties may
seek to agree to have a person serve as sole arbitrator and where such an
agreement is reached, it is subject to appointment by the President pursuant
to r 9.3. The parties’ provision that they would agree upon the sole
arbitrator was consistent with r 10.1. The part that read “or if not so
agreed, by the Chairman for the time being of SIAC” when read with r 9.2 of
the SIAC Rules 2016 clearly means that if parties could not agree on a
nomination, it was for the Chairman to nominate. Pursuant to r 9.3, any such
nomination would be subject to appointment by the President. Clear unambiguous
wording would have been required to displace the provisions of rr 9.2 and 9.3
of the SIAC Rules 2016 which the parties incorporated into the Arbitration
Agreement. This was not present. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 30 to 31 (paras 69 to 71).

(f) Rule 10 of the SIAC Rules 2016 applies where the parties have agreed to
nominate a sole arbitrator and/or where they have agreed that a third party is
to nominate an arbitrator. Rule 10.2 concerns two circumstances where the
President is to appoint a sole arbitrator, namely: (a) where the parties have
not reached agreement on the nomination of a sole arbitrator within 21 days
(or such other period as may be agreed by the parties or set by the
Registrar); or (b) if at any time either party makes such a request. The first
situation would also apply where a party does not participate in the
proceedings at all. The Arbitrator considered that this provision “caters for
the situation where the parties’ agreed procedure for appointing a sole
arbitrator has failed, either because the parties have not been able to agree
a nomination, or where a third party nominator has not made a nomination”.
Rule 10.2 therefore empowers the President to make the appointment so that the
arbitral process is not stymied. It has a similar effect to Art 11(4) of the
Model Law which allows a party to request a statutory appointing authority to
make an appointment where the parties’ chosen process has failed. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 31 to 32 (paras 73 to 77).

(g) The parties did not state that they intended to supplant the right to
request the President to appoint a sole arbitrator at any time under r 10.2
with the right for the Chairman to “appoint” or “nominate” one (which
nomination would have been subject to appointment by the President). As a
matter of construction, this was not the parties’ objective intention.
Instead, the parties agreed on a mechanism for nomination in the Arbitration
Agreement and at the same time incorporated r 10.2. By doing so, the parties
intended for these provisions to be read together and provided for a fall-back
mechanism to ensure the timely appointment of the tribunal in the event their
own intended mechanism failed. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 32 (para 78).

22 The Arbitrator found that the nomination process undertaken by the SIAC was
entirely proper and in accordance with the parties’ agreement. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 33 (para 87).

The plaintiff did not respond to the defendant’s proposal for the nomination
of a sole arbitrator in the Notice of Arbitration. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 32 (para 81).

Thereafter, the defendant wrote to the SIAC on three occasions requesting the
President to appoint a sole arbitrator because 21 days had passed and parties
had not agreed on the nomination of an arbitrator. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 32 to 33 (paras 82 to 84).

Upon determining that the Chairman had a conflict, the SIAC did not approach
him for a nomination. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 33 (para 85).

By 14 December 2020, the SIAC approached the President for an appointment. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 33 (para 86).

The SIAC had been requested by the defendant to appoint the sole arbitrator.
Further, since 21 days had passed without a nomination from the parties, the
President was empowered by r 10.2 to make the appointment in any event. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 33 to 34 (para 87).

The Arbitrator saw no need for the SIAC to have informed the parties of the
Chairman’s inability to make a nomination since all that would have happened
was that the defendant would presumably have reiterated its request for the
President to appoint and the plaintiff would likely have made no comment since
it chose not to participate in the proceedings. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 34 (para 88).

Thus, the Arbitrator found that he had jurisdiction over the Arbitration. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 34 (para 89).

23 The Arbitrator also found that the plaintiff’s jurisdictional objection was
out of time. The plaintiff did not participate in the Arbitration proceedings
until 27 May 2021 and provided no explanation as to why it failed to respond
to the Notice of Arbitration. It also did not provide any comments on the
nomination of a sole arbitrator or respond to any of the correspondence
between the defendant and the SIAC prior to the appointment of the Arbitrator.
Since there was no suggestion that the Arbitration was not brought to the
plaintiff’s attention or that it was somehow unable to appear, it appeared
that it chose not to participate until the last moment in the Arbitration. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 34 to 35 (paras 90 to 92).

24 The Arbitrator rejected the plaintiff’s argument that since it has not
served a statement of defence, it was not out of time in filing the
jurisdictional objection. By Procedural Order No 1 dated 18 January 2021 (“PO
No 1”), the Arbitrator directed the plaintiff to file its memorial, including
its statement of defence, witness evidence and documents by 5 April 2021 (and
subsequently granted a short extension to 12 April 2021). The Arbitrator did
not consider r 28.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016 to permit a respondent not to file
a statement of defence at all and then seek to contest jurisdiction months
later. The purpose of the rule was to ensure that where a respondent
participates in the proceedings, it must file a jurisdictional objection by
the time it responds substantively to the claim brought against it. Where it
fails to file a statement of defence at all and provides no explanation for
not doing so, the position it is adopting is that it chose not to file a
statement of defence. The Arbitrator considered that to also be a choice not
to file a jurisdictional objection pursuant to the SIAC Rules 2016. There is
no injustice in requiring a respondent to file a jurisdictional objection
within a specific time frame. If there is a justifiable delay explaining why
the respondent may not have filed such an objection in time, the tribunal is
empowered under r 28.3 to admit the objection outside the stipulated time. In
the absence of any justification at all by the plaintiff, the Arbitrator held
that its jurisdictional objection was out of time. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 35 (paras 93 to 97).

The parties’ cases

25 As detailed above at [3], the plaintiff’s case is that the appointment of
the Arbitrator was not in accordance with the parties’ agreement in the
Arbitration Agreement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PWS at para 20.

26 Firstly, the plaintiff relies on the importance of party autonomy in
arguing that the Arbitration Agreement’s reference to “Chairman” must be
strictly upheld. A ruling that a reference to “Chairman” could allow an
appointment to be made by the “President” instead would lead to difficulties
in enforcement of the award in foreign jurisdictions. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PWS at para 25; Notes of Arguments (2 December 2021) (“NOA”) at pp 3 (lines 9
to 11) and 8 (lines 12 to 13).

27 Secondly, the plaintiff argues that the parties agreed that the Chairman
was to nominate and appoint an arbitrator for the arbitration proceedings. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PWS at paras 29 to 32.

Under r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016, there should be no split between
appointment and nomination, unless parties expressly and unequivocally
provided in their agreement for such a split. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PWS at para 33.

Further, the defendant had stated in its own Notice of Arbitration that the
Chairman was to appoint the sole arbitrator and this is confirmation of
parties’ objective intentions. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NOA at p 3 (lines 21 to 32).

The plaintiff contends that the Chairman still has institutional powers of
appointment and thus, conceptually it was akin to parties agreeing to apply an
earlier edition of the SIAC Rules. While the plaintiff does not contend that
an earlier edition of SIAC Rules was incorporated, it is not necessary to
decide which edition of the SIAC Rules would be applicable because in this
case, the parties used the word “Chairman” in the arbitration agreement and
effect should be given to that choice. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NOA at p 8 (lines 24 to 32).

Thus, the Arbitrator erred in finding that the parties intended for the
Chairman to nominate but not appoint the Arbitrator.

28 Thirdly, even if parties had agreed that the Chairman was to nominate but
not appoint the Arbitrator, the Arbitrator’s appointment was still improper
because the Chairman did not nominate the Arbitrator in this case. Instead, it
was the President who nominated the Arbitrator. Since the Arbitrator’s
appointment was not in accordance with the agreed nomination steps and
parties’ agreement, it is defective. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PWS at paras 35 to 37.

In the Jurisdiction Decision, the Arbitrator erred in not considering whether
his nomination had been duly carried out despite his finding that “parties
agreed [on] a mechanism for nomination in the Arbitration Agreement”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PWS at para 38.

The plaintiff also argues that since the Chairman was unable to perform a
function that the parties had stipulated for, it was incumbent on the SIAC to
inform the parties contemporaneously and offer suggestions on what else could
be done, and to act on such decisions that the parties may have agreed on
subsequently. The SIAC did not do so and has not provided any reason for not
doing so. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PWS at paras 42 to 45; NOA at p 4 (lines 5 to 15).

29 The parties did not intend for r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016 to apply at
all or be a “fallback” because they specifically referred to “Chairman” in the
Arbitration Agreement. There is no authority that r 10.2 is a fallback
provision. Even if it acts as a fallback, the Chairman still has to at least
nominate the sole arbitrator but that was not done in this case. The
Arbitrator thus erred in finding that r 10.2 was a fallback provision and that
it applied. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PWS at paras 49 to 51; NOA at p 4 (lines 22 to 32).

30 Finally, the plaintiff argues that its jurisdictional challenge was made
within time because no statement of defence had been filed. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PWS at paras 52 to 56.

Alternatively, procedural rules should not be allowed to defeat substantive
justice and are in any case subject to the rules of natural justice. Thus,
even if its jurisdictional objection was out of time, its objection should
still be heard and considered in full regardless of the absence of any reason
for the delay. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS at para 57; NOA at p 2 (lines 17 to 19).

31 In response, the defendant’s case is that the appointment of the Arbitrator
under r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016 is in accordance with parties’ agreement.
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DWS at para 16.

The Arbitration Agreement, properly construed, provides for the following
methods of appointing the sole arbitrator: (a) nomination by the parties and
appointment by the President; (b) nomination by the Chairman and appointment
by the President; and (c) appointment by the President in accordance with r
10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DWS at para 19.

32 The defendant also argues that the Arbitration Agreement provides that, if
the parties are unable to agree, the Chairman may nominate an arbitrator who
will then be appointed by the President. The words “appoint” and “nominate” do
not appear in the Arbitration Agreement. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DWS at para 28.

Rule 9.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016 clearly states that any agreement for a party
or a third person to appoint an arbitrator will be deemed an agreement to
nominate an arbitrator. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DWS at para 20.1.

The Chairman is one such third person. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DWS at para 38.2.

Since the Arbitration Agreement provides that parties were to agree upon a
sole arbitrator and in effect nominate the arbitrator who would then be
appointed by the President in accordance with r 9.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016,
the alternative regarding a third person should be read in the same way such
that the Chairman may nominate an arbitrator who will then be appointed by the
President. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DWS at paras 30 to 31.

33 There is no basis to assert that the Arbitrator can only be properly
appointed if he is appointed by either the parties or the Chairman. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DWS at para 20.1.

Rule 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016, which was incorporated by reference in the
Arbitration Agreement, applies in the present case. It provides a further
mechanism for the appointment of the arbitrator by allowing the President to
appoint the sole arbitrator. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DWS at paras 32 to 37.

34 Further, there is no basis to assert that the Chairman still retains
institutional powers of appointment. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at para 20.2; NOA at pp 5 (lines 29 to 32) to 6 (lines 1 to 8).

The fact that the Chairman once held powers of confirmation under older
editions of the SIAC Rules does not mean that the Chairman currently holds any
such powers, or that by mere reference to the Chairman, parties intended to
replace the relevant provisions of the SIAC Rules 2016 with particular
provisions from previous editions of the SIAC Rules. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DWS at paras 20.2 and 38.3.

The defendant also highlighted that the SIAC Rules 2013 amended all prior
editions of the SIAC Rules such that Chairman would, from 1 April 2013
onwards, refer to the President. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DWS at para 40.

35 Finally, the defendant submits that the plaintiff’s jurisdictional
challenge was out of time. The plaintiff failed to file its statement of
defence and memorial by the deadline specified by the Arbitrator in PO No 1
(ie, 5 April 2021 and subsequently extended to 12 April 2021) and did not
participate in the proceedings until 27 May 2021. Considering that the
plaintiff had full notice of the Arbitration and all directions and timelines
made therein, it cannot choose not to file its memorial, allow proceedings to
continue and then raise a jurisdictional objection at the eleventh hour after
the evidential hearing had been completed. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DWS at paras 44 to 51.

If the plaintiff’s submissions are to be accepted, it would make a mockery of
the Arbitrator’s directions on the filing of pleadings. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NOA at p 5 (lines 8 to 10).

Issues

36 Based on the parties’ submissions, the main issues that arise for my
consideration are as follows:

(a) first, the following threshold questions:

(i) was the plaintiff’s jurisdictional challenge before the Arbitrator made
out of time and;

(ii) if so, whether the court is precluded from hearing the challenge de novo
under s 10(3) IAA; and

(b) second, whether the Arbitrator has jurisdiction over the Arbitration.

First issue: was the plaintiff’s jurisdictional challenge before the
Arbitrator made out of time and if so, whether the court is precluded from
hearing the challenge de novo under s 10(3) IAA

The parties’ arguments

37 Ms Leong Lu Yuan, counsel for the defendant, submits that the plaintiff’s
challenge should fail because it was made to the Arbitrator out of time, by
reason of the arguments summarised above at [35].

38 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Arvin Lee, submits that the plaintiff’s
jurisdictional challenge was within time because it had not filed its
statement of defence at the time the challenge was made. Rule 28.3 of the SIAC
Rules 2016 and Art 16(2) of the Model Law refer to the actual submission of
the statement of defence. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PWS at paras 52 to 56.

Alternatively, as held by the Court of Appeal in CBS v CBP [2021] SGCA 4 (at
[62]), procedural rules should not be allowed to defeat substantive justice
and are subject to the rules of natural justice. Thus, even if the plaintiff
had submitted its jurisdictional challenge after the requisite time limit had
passed, its challenge should still be heard and considered in full regardless
of the absence of any reason for the delay given the importance of the
question of the Arbitrator’s jurisdiction. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PWS at para 57; NOA at p 2 (lines 17 to 19).

Analysis and decision

39 Rule 28.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016 stipulates the following time limit within
which parties must raise an objection to the tribunal’s jurisdiction:

28 Jurisdiction of the Tribunal

…

28.3 Any objection that the Tribunal:

a. does not have jurisdiction shall be raised no later than in a Statement of
Defence or in a Statement of Defence to a Counterclaim; or

b. is exceeding the scope of its jurisdiction shall be raised within 14 days
after the matter alleged to be beyond the scope of the Tribunal’s jurisdiction
arises during the arbitral proceedings.

The Tribunal may admit an objection raised by a party outside the time limits
under this Rule 28.3 if it considers the delay justified. A party is not
precluded from raising an objection under this Rule 28.3 by the fact that it
has nominated, or participated in the nomination of, an arbitrator.

[emphasis added]

This corresponds to Art 16(2) of the Model Law which states that “[a] plea
that the arbitral tribunal does not have jurisdiction shall be raised not
later than the submission of the statement of defence”.

40 In my judgment, the Arbitrator was correct in finding that the plaintiff’s
jurisdictional objection was out of time. It is critical to note that the
plaintiff does not deny having received the communications and documents
pertaining to the commencement and progress of the Arbitration. As noted at
[13] above, the defendant submitted to the Arbitrator a memorandum of service
recording that all relevant correspondence, notices, procedural orders,
directions, submissions and documents were couriered and/or personally served
on the plaintiff. A reasonably strong inference may therefore be made that
despite the Arbitrator’s direction in PO No 1 for the plaintiff to file its
memorial and statement of defence by 5 April 2021, as extended to 12 April
2021, the plaintiff chose not to comply or participate in the Arbitration
until 27 May 2021 when its current solicitors first came on the record. Its
jurisdictional objection was only raised on 31 May 2021, about 5 months after
the appointment of the Arbitrator, with its formal application being made on
28 June 2021. Despite the Arbitrator querying the plaintiff on 27 May 2021 as
to the reasons it waited so long before instructing counsel in the Arbitration
and what steps it intended to take given that it had apparently chosen not to
participate in the Arbitration, there was no response from the plaintiff
explaining its position (see [14]–[15] above). Even during the hearing before
me, Mr Lee could not offer any explanation for the plaintiff’s conduct. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NOA at p 2 (lines 17 to 20).

41 I find the plaintiff’s argument that its jurisdictional challenge was not
out of time because it had not filed the statement of defence to be wholly
untenable. While this argument is based on the wording of r 28.3 of the SIAC
Rules 2016 and Art 16(2) of the Model Law which state, respectively, that any
jurisdictional objection shall be raised “no later than in a Statement of
Defence or in a Statement of Defence to a Counterclaim” and “not later than
the submission of the statement of defence”, these provisions must be read in
the light of the schema of the Model Law.

42 The raison d’etre of Art 16(2) is to require parties to raise their
jurisdictional objections at the earliest possible time. The United Nations
Commission on International Trade Law, Analytical Commentary on Draft Text of
a Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (A/CN 9/264, 25 March
1985) (“UNCITRAL Analytical Commentary”) on Art 16(2) (at paras 4–5) states
the following:

B. Time-limits for raising objections, paragraph (2)

4\. Paragraph (2) deals with the possible plea of a party that the arbitral
tribunal does not have jurisdiction to decide the case before it or that it is
exceeding the scope of its authority. It aims, in particular, at ensuring that
any such objections are raised without delay.

5\. The respondent may not invoke lack of jurisdiction after submitting his
statement of defence (as referred to in article 23(1)), unless the arbitral
tribunal admits a later plea since it considers the delay justified. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

43 In Rakna Arakshaka Lanka Ltd v Avant Garde Maritime Services (Pte) Ltd
[2019] 2 SLR 131 (“Rakna (CA)”), the Court of Appeal noted that Art 16(2) was
“formulated to deal with challenges to the tribunal’s jurisdiction and was
aimed, in particular, at ensuring that any such objections were raised without
delay. Hence, the provision that such a challenge has to be made at the latest
by the submission of the statement of defence” (at [50]). It requires parties
to an arbitration to bring out their challenges to jurisdiction at an early
point of the proceedings (at [72]).

44 However, as noted by Quentin Loh J (as he then was) in the first instance
decision of Rakna Araksha Lanka Ltd v Avant Garde Maritime Services (Pte) Ltd
[2019] 4 SLR 995 (“Rakna (HC)”), the phraseology of Art 16(2) of the Model Law
contemplates a party that is engaged in the arbitration (see [54] below). What
then happens if the respondent chooses not to file the statement of defence
and ignores the arbitral proceedings? The plaintiff’s submission, taken to its
logical conclusion, is that such a respondent would be perfectly entitled to
file a jurisdictional objection any time during the arbitral proceedings
regardless of any procedural orders or directions made by the tribunal, even
after the evidential hearing has been conducted and just as the tribunal is
about to deliver its final award on the matter – even though it had chosen not
to file a statement of defence.

45 In my judgment, this ought not to be permitted. It would be entirely
antithetical to the purpose behind both provisions if the respondent was
permitted to refrain from filing a statement of defence without reason, wait
until the evidential hearing has concluded and the tribunal is in the process
of preparing the final award before raising a jurisdictional objection.
Instead of preventing undue delay in the raising of jurisdictional objections
and encouraging the raising of such objections at the earliest opportunity
which is the clear aim of Art 16(2) of the Model Law (and by extension r 28.3
of the SIAC Rules 2016), such a construction of these provisions as contended
for by the plaintiff would encourage guerrilla-style tactics of ambushing the
tribunal (and the counterparty) at the eleventh hour with a view to derailing
the arbitral proceedings according to one’s whim and fancy – that can neither
be right nor intended by the drafters of the Model Law.

46 Specifically, in a situation where the respondent does not participate in
the arbitration and the tribunal has made a procedural order stipulating that
the respondent’s statement of defence is to be filed by a certain date, the
reference to “no later than the submission of the Statement of Defence” in r
28.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016 and Art 16(2) of the Model Law should, in my view,
be interpreted to mean that any jurisdictional objection would be out of time
if it was made after the expiry of the timeline as stipulated by the tribunal.
This position should not be different simply because a respondent chooses to
ignore the arbitral proceedings and decides not to file its statement of
defence.

47 The conclusion I have reached above is also the result of a harmonious
reading of rr 20.3 and 20.9 with 28.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016. Rule 20.3 states
that “… the Respondent, shall, within a period of time to be determined by the
Tribunal, send to the Claimant and the Tribunal a Statement of Defence …”
[emphasis added]. Rule 20.9 states that “If the Respondent fails to submit its
Statement of Defence, or if at any point any party fails to avail itself of
the opportunity to present its case in the manner directed by the Tribunal,
the Tribunal may proceed with the arbitration” [emphasis added] – in this
context, to “proceed with” clearly contemplates the tribunal progressing the
arbitration to its conclusion and issuing an award on the merits. It appears
to me that r 20 envisages that the tribunal is in control over the timelines
within which the parties to the reference are required to file their
pleadings/submissions and that if a party (specifically a respondent) refuses
to participate in the proceedings by filing its statement of defence, the
tribunal may proceed with the arbitration. Therefore, reading r 28.3 with r 20
runs contrary to allowing such a respondent to raise its jurisdictional
objection at any time in the arbitral proceedings so long as it has not
actually submitted its statement of defence. Such a conclusion would be
inconsistent with allowing the arbitration to proceed.

48 Thus, in the present case, the Arbitrator was correct to reason that the
plaintiff, in choosing not to respond in the Arbitration, must be taken to
have intended not to submit any jurisdictional challenge under r 28.3 of the
SIAC Rules 2016. As I explain below (at [55] and [58]), this may not preclude
the plaintiff from subsequently challenging the Arbitrator’s jurisdiction in
setting-aside proceedings before the curial court or defending enforcement
proceedings against it before the enforcement court. However, this does not,
in my view, alter the fact that in failing to file its statement of defence in
accordance with the Arbitrator’s directions, the plaintiff’s jurisdictional
objection was made out of time. That being said, the Arbitrator retained the
discretion to nevertheless permit the jurisdiction objection to be heard under
r 28.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016 if he considered the delay justified. However,
given the lack of any explanation by the plaintiff to the Arbitrator as to the
reason for the delay, the Arbitrator was entirely justified in finding that
the plaintiff’s application was made out of time.

49 However, the matter does not end there. I note that Ms Leong does not go so
far as to contend that simply because the plaintiff’s application was out of
time, the court does not have the jurisdiction under s 10(3) of the IAA to
review the merits of the jurisdictional objection vis-à-vis the construction
of the arbitration agreement. However, the defendant’s submissions could be
construed as implying that this is reason alone for the court to dismiss OS
920. Mr Lee on the other hand submits that procedural rules should not be
allowed to defeat substantive justice and are in any case, subject to the
rules of natural justice. Therefore, even if it had submitted its
jurisdictional challenge outside the time limit, its challenge should still be
heard and considered in full given the importance of the point on the
Arbitrator’s jurisdiction. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PWS at para 57; NOA at p 2 (lines 17 to 19).

50 In my judgment, I do not consider that the court is precluded from
considering the plaintiff’s jurisdictional objection under s 10(3) of the IAA
simply because the plaintiff’s jurisdictional objection was brought before the
Arbitrator out of time. I have come to this view for three reasons, which I
elaborate below.

51 Firstly, the UNCITRAL Analytical Commentary on Art 16 (at paras 8–10)
recognises that the preclusive effect of failing to raise a jurisdictional
objection under Art 16(2) may not apply in a case where a party did not
participate in the arbitration. It discusses the effect of a failure to raise
a jurisdictional objection in these terms:

C. Effect of failure to raise plea

8\. The model law does not state whether a party’s failure to raise his
objections within the time-limit set by article 16(2) has effect at the post-
award stage. The pertinent observation of the Working Group was that a party
who failed to raise the plea as required under article 16(2) should be
precluded from raising such objections not only during the later stages of the
arbitral proceedings but also in other contexts, in particular, in setting
aside proceedings or enforcement proceedings, subject to certain limits such
as public policy, including those relating to arbitrability. 55/

9\. It is submitted that this observation accords with the purpose underlying
paragraph (2) and might appropriately be expressed in the model law. 56/ It
would mean, in practical terms, that any objection, for example, to the
validity of the arbitration agreement may not later be invoked as a ground for
setting aside under article 34(2)(a)(i) or for requesting, under article
36(1)(a)(i), refusal of recognition or enforcement of an award (made under
this Law); these provisions on grounds for setting aside or refusing
recognition or enforcement would remain applicable and of practical relevance
to those cases where a party raised the plea in time but without success or
where a party did not participate in the arbitration, at least not submit a
statement or take part in hearings on the substance of the dispute.

10\. As expressed in the above observation of the Working Group, there are
limits to the effect of a party’s failure to raise his objections. These
limits arise from the fact that certain defects such as violation of public
policy, including non-arbitrability, cannot be cured by submission to the
proceedings. Accordingly, such grounds for lack of jurisdiction would be
decided upon by a court in accordance with article 34(2)(b) or, as regards
awards made under this Law, article 36(1)(b) even if no party had raised any
objections in this respect during the arbitral proceedings. It may be added
that this result is in harmony with the understanding (stated above, para. 3)
that these latter issues are to be determined by the arbitral tribunal ex
officio.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

52 The UNCITRAL Analytical Commentary acknowledges the preclusive effect of
Art 16(2) of the Model Law such that the failure to raise a jurisdictional
objection should preclude the applicant from subsequently raising the
objection “not only during the later stages of the arbitral proceedings, but
in other contexts, in particular, in setting aside proceedings or enforcement
proceedings” [emphasis added]. This reference to “other contexts” could
conceivably include a jurisdictional objection raised in an application under
s 10(3) of the IAA.

53 However, the preclusive effect of Art 16(2) does not apply in all
circumstances. One recognised exception is in relation to jurisdictional
objections pertaining to certain defects such as violation of public policy
(including non-arbitrability) which cannot be cured by a party’s submission to
the proceedings. It seems that the Secretariat considered that there was also
another exception, in relation to setting aside and enforcement proceedings,
that jurisdictional objections would not be precluded where “a party did not
participate in the arbitration, at least not submit a statement or take part
in hearings on the substance of the dispute” [emphasis added]. If this is so,
it seems to me anomalous and antithetical to the efficiency of the arbitration
framework to hold that the applicant would be precluded from raising a
jurisdictional objection under s 10(3) of the IAA simply because it was out of
time before the arbitral tribunal.

54 My analysis coheres with the observations made by Loh J in Rakna (HC) in
the context of counterarguments to the view that the preclusive effect of Art
16(3) of the Model Law extended to setting-aside proceedings (at [65]–[67]):

65 First, the phraseology of Art 16(2) contemplates a party that is engaged in
the arbitration; hence the reference to raising the plea not later than its
statement of defence and the reference to a party not being precluded from
raising a plea of no jurisdiction by appointing or participating in the
appointment of an arbitrator. It is therefore unsurprising that texts on Art
16 mostly proceed on the footing that the objecting party is an active
participant in the arbitral proceedings (see Nigel Blackaby et al, Redfern and
Hunter on International Arbitration (Oxford University Press, 6th Ed, 2015)
(‘Redfern and Hunter’) at para 10.30):

Parties are unlikely to succeed on any challenge to an award based on an
objection that they have failed to raise during the arbitration. This is
because they will usually be deemed to have waived that objection. … [emphasis
added]

The authors of Redfern and Hunter referred to the English decision of Thyssen
Canada Ltd v Mariana Maritime SA [2005] EWHC 219 (‘Thyssen Canada’), observing
in a footnote to the above-quoted paragraph (n 57):

[In Thyssen Canada] it was held that a party who takes part in arbitral
proceedings and fails to raise an objection as to a serious irregularity
affecting the proceedings will lose the right to object, unless it can show
that, at the time that it took part or continued to take part in the
proceedings, it did not know and could not with reasonable diligence have
discovered the grounds for the objection. [emphasis added]

66 These views support an argument that where a party has stayed away from the
arbitral proceeding altogether or has walked out at some early stage, eg,
before filing its statement of defence, then Art 16’s time limit is not
binding on it. However, I note that against this, s 10 of the IAA does not
contain such phraseology.

67 Secondly, there is authority that an option remains open to a party to
choose to leave the arbitral proceedings in protest, in which case the time
limits in Art 34 (and therefore by extension, Art 16 as well) do not apply.
This can be found in the first instance decision of Astro Nusantara
International BV v PT Ayunda Prima Mitra [2013] 1 SLR 636 (‘Astro Nusantara’)
at [133]:

If a party chooses the second option of challenge by choosing to leave the
arbitral regime in protest and should the tribunal rule against it on the
merits, that party, as the losing party, is entitled within the time
stipulated in Art 34 to set aside the award under any of the grounds in Art
34. … One way in which a party may challenge the jurisdiction of a tribunal is
simply to step out of the arbitral regime and boycott the proceedings
altogether. If this course of action is chosen (and this course is not without
risk), then the rules for appeal which would apply to parties within the
arbitral regime would no longer apply to the boycotting party. Arguably, the
boycotting party would then be able to apply to set aside the award under Art
34(2)(a)(i) on jurisdictional grounds. The jurisdictional award would not be
final vis-à-vis the boycotting party, and the opposing party would have ample
notice of this from the boycotting party’s absolute refusal to participate.
This possibility is hinted at in UNCITRAL Commentary (A/CN 9/264) on Art 16(2)
at para 9.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

Respectfully, I see the force of these counterarguments and they support the
view that the time limit in Art 16 of the Model Law may not apply in a case
where a party does not participate in the arbitration (whether deliberately or
otherwise).

55 Secondly, my conclusion at [50] above would also be consistent with the
ambit of the preclusive effect of Art 16(3) of the Model Law. In PT First
Media TBK v Astro Nusantara International BV [2014] 1 SLR 372 (at [132]), the
Court of Appeal noted, in obiter dictum, that even if a party did not utilise
the active remedy of a jurisdictional challenge under Art 16, it would not be
precluded from relying on lack of jurisdiction as a ground to subsequently
resist enforcement of a final award. That said, the Court also expressed its
tentative view that the position may not be the same in relation to whether
such a party may raise such a ground to initiate setting aside proceedings
under Art 34 of the Model Law.

56 In Rakna (CA), the Court of Appeal (at [51]) considered it clear that the
drafters of the Model Law intended Art 16(2) to have a preclusive effect and,
in all likelihood, intended the same effect for Art 16(3). However, the
question is whether the preclusive effect operates in all circumstances.

57 After quoting paras 8–9 of the UNCITRAL Analytical Commentary on Art 16
(see above at [51]), the Court of Appeal in Rakna (CA) appeared to accept (at
[63]) that the time limit in Art 16(2) and 16(3) would not have a preclusive
effect on a non-participating party:

63 The second part of the paragraph … goes further than the Working Group did
and reflects the Secretariat’s view that a party who has not participated in
the arbitration at all may still object to jurisdiction at the setting aside
stage. The Secretariat therefore recognised that a different regime should
apply to a non-participating party. At the time of this commentary, the 30-day
time period for application to court was not included in the draft version of
Art 16(3) which was probably why the Secretariat was also able at that time to
say that a party that had raised the plea in time without success could also
bring up the matter again in a setting aside application. In any case, the
submission that the time limit in Art 16(2) would not have a preclusive effect
on a non-participating party must, logically, apply also to non-observance of
the time limit in Art 16(3) by such a party. [emphasis added]

58 The Court of Appeal then held (at [77]), in the context of setting-aside
proceedings, that the preclusive effect of Art 16(3) of the Model Law does not
extend to a respondent who stays away from the arbitration proceedings and has
not contributed to any wastage of costs or the incurring of any additional
costs that could have been prevented by a timely application under Art 16(3).
The Court of Appeal reasoned (at [72]) that while Article 16 requires parties
to an arbitration to bring out their challenges to jurisdiction at an early
point of the proceedings, this requirement “pre-supposes that parties are
before the arbitral tribunal and that a party to an arbitration agreement who
is served with a notice of arbitration by a counterparty has no option but to
participate in the ensuing proceedings”.

59 The Court of Appeal then proceeded to state that the law does not compel a
respondent against whom arbitration proceedings have been started to take part
in those proceedings and defend his position. If the respondent believes that
the arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction, for one reason or another, he is
perfectly entitled to sit by and do nothing in the belief that either the
proceedings will not result in a final award against him or that, if an award
is made, he will have valid grounds to resist enforcement (at [73]). In the
absence of a clear duty on the respondent to participate in the arbitration
proceedings imposed either by the Model Law or the IAA, the Court of Appeal
“found it difficult to conclude that a non-participating respondent should be
bound by the award no matter the validity of his reasons for believing that
the arbitration was wrongly undertaken” (at [74]).

60 In my view, the recognition in Rakna (CA) that a respondent to an
arbitration is not bound to participate in arbitration proceedings brought
against it and that such a non-participating respondent may still raise
jurisdictional objections subsequently at the post-award stage supports the
conclusion I have reached at [50]. By extension, a failure by a non-
participating respondent to raise a jurisdictional objection within time
during the course of an arbitration, whether under r 28.3 of the SIAC Rules
2016 or Art 16(2) of the Model Law, does not preclude the applicant from
raising a jurisdictional objection under s 10(3) of the IAA prior to an award
being rendered. In the present case, I accept that the plaintiff, not having
participated in the Arbitration at the point when the deadline stipulated in
PO No 1 had elapsed, should not be bound by the timelines imposed by Art 16(2)
of the Model Law.

61 Thirdly, unlike the absolute three-month time limit in Art 34(3) of the
Model Law which prevents the court from entertaining setting-aside
applications brought after the expiry of that limit (Bloomberry Resorts and
Hotels Inc and another v Global Gaming Philippines LLC and another [2021] 1
SLR 1045 at [81]), there is no indication from Art 16(2) of the Model Law that
an appeal under s 10(3) of the IAA against a jurisdictional ruling may not be
brought or is precluded if the jurisdictional objection in the arbitration was
brought out of time. Under s 10(3) of the IAA, the court considers the
arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction on the basis of an independent de novo review
(BTN and another v BTP and another [2021] 1 SLR 276 at [66]). In my judgment,
this jurisdiction under s 10(3) of the IAA is retained by the court even where
the applicant raises the jurisdictional objection out of time during the
course of the arbitration.

62 Accordingly, the plaintiff is not precluded from raising the jurisdictional
objection before this court under s 10(3) of the IAA and I decline to dismiss
OS 920 on the sole basis that the plaintiff’s jurisdictional objection was
raised before the Arbitrator out of time.

63 I turn now to consider the substantive issue of whether the Arbitrator has
jurisdiction over the Arbitration.

Second issue: whether the Arbitrator has jurisdiction over the Arbitration

The parties’ arguments

64 For the reasons as already summarised at [25]–[29] above, the plaintiff
contends that the appointment of the Arbitrator was not in accordance with the
parties’ agreement in the Arbitration Agreement. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PWS at para 20.

I do not propose to repeat those arguments here. Similarly, the defendant’s
arguments to the contrary have also already been summarised above at
[32]–[34].

Analysis and decision

65 The guiding principles as regards the construction of an arbitration
agreement have been explained by the Court of Appeal in Insigma Technology Co
Ltd v Alstom Technology Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 936 (at [30]–[34]) as follows:

30 Our first observation is that an arbitration agreement (such as the
Arbitration Agreement) should be construed like any other form of commercial
agreement (see Julian D M Lew QC, Loukas A Mistelis & Stefan M Kröll,
Comparative International Commercial Arbitration (Kluwer Law International,
2003) at para 7-60). The fundamental principle of documentary interpretation
is to give effect to the intention of the parties as expressed in the
document.

31 Our second observation is that, where the parties have evinced a clear
intention to settle any dispute by arbitration, the court should give effect
to such intention, even if certain aspects of the agreement may be ambiguous,
inconsistent, incomplete or lacking in certain particulars (see Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore, vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2003 Reissue, 2003) at para 20.017) so
long as the arbitration can be carried out without prejudice to the rights of
either party and so long as giving effect to such intention does not result in
an arbitration that is not within the contemplation of either party. This
approach is similar to the ‘principle of effective interpretation’ in
international arbitration law, which was described in Fouchard, Gaillard,
Goldman on International Commercial Arbitration (Kluwer Law International,
1999) (Emmanuel Gaillard & John Savage eds) (‘Fouchard’) at p 258 as follows:

B. – THE PRINCIPLE OF EFFECTIVE INTERPRETATION

478. — The second principle of interpretation of arbitration agreements is the principle of effective interpretation. This principle is inspired by provisions such as Article 1157 of the French Civil Code, according to which ‘where a clause can be interpreted in two different ways, the interpretation enabling the clause to be effective should be adopted in preference to that which prevents the clause from being effective.’ This common-sense rule whereby, if in doubt, one should ‘prefer the interpretation which gives meaning to the words, rather than that which renders them useless or nonsensical,’ is widely accepted not only by the courts but also by arbitrators who readily acknowledge it to be a ‘universally recognized rule of interpretation.’ To give just one example of the application of this principle, an arbitral tribunal interpreting a pathological clause held that:

when inserting an arbitration clause in their contract the intention of the
parties must be presumed to have been willing to establish an effective
machinery for the settlement of disputes covered by the arbitration clause.

32 A subsidiary principle to the principle of effective interpretation is the
principle that an arbitration agreement should also not be interpreted
restrictively or strictly. An arbitration agreement is not a statute. This was
noted in Fouchard at pp 260–261:

D. – REJECTION OF THE PRINCIPLE OF STRICT INTERPRETATION

…

[T]his principle [that an arbitration agreement should be interpreted
‘restrictively’] is generally rejected in international arbitration. It is
based on the idea that an arbitration agreement constitutes an exception to
the principle of the jurisdiction of the courts, and that, as laws of
exception are strictly interpreted, the same should apply to arbitration
agreements. …

This has been frequently confirmed in arbitral case law. For example, the
Decision on Jurisdiction rendered in the Amco arbitration sets out the
principle in general terms:

like any other convention, a convention to arbitrate is not to be construed
restrictively, nor, as a matter of fact, broadly or liberally. It is to be
construed in a way which leads to find out and to respect the common will of
the parties: such a method of interpretation is but the application of the
fundamental principle pacta sunt servanda, a principle common, indeed, to all
systems of internal law and to international law.

The interpretation of arbitration agreements by the French courts has,
likewise, never been strict nor restrictive.

33 Another subsidiary principle is that, as far as possible, a commercially
logical and sensible construction is to be preferred over another that is
commercially illogical (see Law Debenture Trust Corporation Plc v Elektrim
Finance BV [2005] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 755 at [39]). In the present case, the Judge
applied this principle at [33]–[34] of the Judgment:

In the absence of an administering authority, the adoption of the ICC Rules is
likely to be construed as designating the ICC to be the institution conducting
the arbitration. Further the selection of a particular institutional arbitral
body to conduct the arbitration will be construed as also selecting the rules
of that body to govern the procedure adopted in the arbitration. [David Joseph
QC, Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements and their Enforcement (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2005)] states at para 4.27:

In many cases parties will expressly agree to submit disputes to a particular
institutional arbitral body. … An agreement to refer disputes to such a body
will be deemed to incorporate an agreement to abide by the rules and
procedures of that body in force at the time arbitration is commenced. Not
only will the arbitration be governed by that institution’s rules but it will
also be administered by that organisation.

The present case, however, despite the nomination of the SIAC as the body to
conduct the arbitration, is not an example of institutional arbitration by the
SIAC, since the arbitration agreement specifically designated the use of [the]
ICC Rules instead. … By designating a separate administering authority, the
parties indicated that the adoption of the ICC Rules was not a selection of
the administering authority but only an agreement for the arbitration to take
place by reference to those rules.

34 This approach to the interpretation of an arbitration agreement is
necessary to uphold the underlying and fundamental principle of party autonomy
as far as possible in the selection of the kind of arbitration and the terms
of the arbitration. Given the inherently private and consensual nature of
arbitration, our courts will ordinarily respect the principle of party
autonomy and give effect to (workable) agreed arbitration arrangements in
international arbitration, subject only to any public policy considerations to
the contrary.

[emphasis in original in italics]

66 These “guiding principles of primary importance” were summarised by Vinodh
Coomaraswamy J in BNA v BNB and another [2019] SGHC 142 (at [22]–[26]) as
follows:

(a) Firstly, the principles for construing an arbitration agreement are
assimilated with those applicable for construing any other commercial
agreement. The fundamental objective of construing a commercial agreement is
to give effect to the parties’ intention as they have manifested it
objectively in that agreement. So too, the fundamental purpose of construing
an arbitration agreement is to give effect to the parties’ intention as they
have manifested it objectively in their arbitration agreement.

(b) Secondly, the court should, as far as possible, construe an arbitration
agreement so as to give effect to a clear intention evinced by the parties to
settle their disputes by arbitration. This gives rise to two subsidiary
principles: first, that the courts should not construe an arbitration
agreement restrictively or strictly and second, the courts should prefer a
commercially logical and sensible construction over one which is commercially
illogical.

(c) Thirdly, a defect in an arbitration agreement does not render it void ab
initio unless the defect is so fundamental or irretrievable as to negate the
parties’ intent or agreement to arbitrate.

67 Having regard to these principles, I find that the Arbitrator was correct
in finding that he had jurisdiction over the Arbitration and his appointment
was in accordance with the Arbitration Agreement.

68 To recapitulate, the relevant sentence in the Arbitration Agreement states
that “THE TRIBUNAL SHALL CONSIST OF A SINGLE ARBITRATOR AGREED UPON BY BOTH
PARTIES, OR IF NOT SO AGREED, BY THE CHAIRMAN FOR THE TIME BEING OF SIAC”
[emphasis added in bold italics]. The crux of the plaintiff’s case is that the
Arbitration Agreement requires the sole (or single) arbitrator to be appointed
by the Chairman, or alternatively to be at least nominated by the Chairman and
since neither of these steps were undertaken, the Arbitrator’s appointment by
the President of the SIAC was invalid.

69 In my judgment, the plaintiff’s argument that the sole arbitrator is to be
appointed by the Chairman is incorrect and misconceived. The parties used the
words “agreed upon by” in the Arbitration Agreement instead of the terms
“nominate” or “appoint”. Thus, they did not appear to have distinguished
between the concepts of nomination or appointment in the Arbitration
Agreement. However, since parties expressly incorporated the SIAC Rules 2016
by reference in the Arbitration Agreement, the Arbitration Agreement must be
construed with the SIAC Rules 2016 in mind as context. Rules 9.2 and 9.3 of
the SIAC Rules 2016 in turn state as follows:

9.2 If the parties have agreed that any arbitrator is to be appointed by one
or more of the parties, or by a third person including by the arbitrators
already appointed, that agreement shall be deemed an agreement to nominate an
arbitrator under these Rules.

9.3 In all cases, the arbitrators nominated by the parties, or by any third
person including by the arbitrators already appointed, shall be subject to
appointment by the President in his discretion.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

70 The phrase “in all cases” in r 9.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016 indicates that
all appointments of the arbitrators shall be made by the President in his
discretion. The effect of r 9.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016 is that even if the
Arbitration Agreement had explicitly stated that parties were to appoint an
arbitrator, this would be deemed as only amounting to an agreement to nominate
an arbitrator. In my view, this puts paid to Mr Lee’s contention that because
the parties used the word “Chairman”, this necessarily means that the Chairman
is to appoint the sole arbitrator. Reading the Arbitration Agreement
harmoniously with rr 9.2 and 9.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016, the parties are
deemed to have intended to agree to nominate a sole arbitrator, or
alternatively, to have the Chairman nominate the sole arbitrator. I see no
reason not to consider the Chairman to be a “third person” that parties have
agreed may nominate the sole arbitrator within the meaning of r 9.2 of the
SIAC Rules 2016.

71 I also reject the plaintiff’s argument that the Chairman has or retains any
institutional powers of appointment or that the sentence in question in the
Arbitration Agreement is conceptually akin to parties agreeing to apply an
earlier edition of the SIAC Rules. As explained at [4] above, the Chairman
possessed institutional powers to appoint a sole arbitrator before April 2013.
However, in r 6.3 of the SIAC Rules 2013, the reference to Chairman was
amended to the President. Additionally, rr 1.3 and 1.4 of the SIAC Rules 2013
expressly amended the previous editions of the SIAC Rules to state that
“Chairman” would from 1 April 2013 onwards mean “President”. Therefore, at the
time when parties chose to incorporate the SIAC Rules 2016 by reference into
the Arbitration Agreement (ie, on 18 May 2020 when the Contract was concluded)
(see [7] above), they must be taken to have known that the Chairman no longer
had or retained any institutional powers to appoint an arbitrator. On the
contrary, it was only the President under r 9.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016 who was
conferred that power, upon nomination by the parties or a third person. Thus,
the Arbitrator was, in my view, undoubtedly correct in noting that “if the
parties intended for the Chairman to ‘appoint’ (rather than ‘nominate’) the
sole arbitrator, notwithstanding that the SIAC Rules incorporated at the time
of commencement of proceedings may provide otherwise, they would have stated
so explicitly; mere reference to the Chairman is not sufficient”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 29 (para 63).

Similarly, I cannot see how it would be conceptually sound to come to the
conclusion that the parties wanted an earlier edition of the SIAC Rules to
apply simply by using the word Chairman in the Arbitration Agreement.

72 Mr Lee conceded that if the Arbitration Agreement refers to a party with no
institutional appointment function or power, the Arbitration Agreement would
be interpreted to mean that party was to nominate the sole arbitrator. During
the hearing before me, Mr Lee raised an example where, if instead of Chairman,
the Arbitration Agreement had referred to the Chief Justice, then the
Arbitration Agreement would be read to mean that the Chief Justice was to
nominate the sole arbitrator because the Chief Justice did not have any powers
of appointment. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PWS at para 58.

Following on from Mr Lee’s example, it would therefore follow that a similar
analysis must naturally also apply to the parties since the parties do not
have any institutional authority to appoint an arbitrator. As noted in John
Choong, Mark Mangan, et al, A Guide to the SIAC Arbitration Rules (Oxford
University Press, 2nd edition, 2018) (“A Guide to the SIAC Rules”) at para
8.12, “Parties cannot ‘appoint’ arbitrators directly to a tribunal, even if
they purport to do so in their agreement. The parties have the right to
‘nominate’ a candidate and thereafter the SIAC President makes the formal
appointment”. Given my conclusion above that the Chairman does not have or
retain any institutional powers to appoint an arbitrator, the Arbitration
Agreement, when properly construed, simply provides for the Chairman (as a
third person) to nominate the sole arbitrator in the event that the parties
are unable to agree on who to nominate, and for the President to subsequently
appoint the sole arbitrator.

73 The plaintiff places considerable reliance on the defendant’s Notice of
Arbitration which stated that the sole arbitrator was to be appointed by the
Chairman (see [8] above). Mr Lee also submits that the defendant did not
address this point at all and that the Arbitrator also failed to give any
consideration to this point in the Jurisdiction Decision. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PWS at para 31.

74 I have not placed much weight on this argument in assessing the proper
construction of the Arbitration Agreement. I do not discount the possibility
that the reference in the Notice of Arbitration was an honest mistake although
I accept that there was no evidence or assertion that it was. Even if it was
not a mistake, it would, in my view, only amount to a unilateral and
subjective expression of the defendant’s understanding of the Arbitration
Agreement post-contract, as opposed to an express confirmation of the parties’
objective intention at the time of contracting. Ultimately, the proper
construction of the relevant sentence in the Arbitration Agreement must be
objectively ascertained applying the guiding principles I have alluded to
above at [65]–[66].

75 In my judgment, that lone reference by the defendant in its Notice of
Arbitration is insufficient to outweigh the importance of seeking to achieve a
harmonious reading of the Arbitration Agreement with the provisions in the
SIAC Rules 2016, which the parties incorporated expressly by reference into
the Arbitration Agreement. Looking at the matter in the round, the proper
construction of the parties’ objective intentions is that they intended for
the Chairman (as a third person) to nominate the sole arbitrator and for the
President to appoint the sole arbitrator.

76 The plaintiff also contends that r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016 does not
apply at all and cannot be a “fallback” provision because the parties
specifically referred to “Chairman” in the Arbitration Agreement. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PWS at paras 49 to 51; NOA at p 4 (lines 22 to 32).

Rule 10.2 provides that:

10.2 If within 21 days after the date of commencement of the arbitration, or
within the period otherwise agreed by the parties or set by the Registrar, the
parties have not reached agreement on the nomination of a sole arbitrator, or
if at any time either party so requests, the President shall appoint the sole
arbitrator. [emphasis added]

77 I reject the plaintiff’s argument. Nothing in the Arbitration Agreement
indicates the parties’ intention to disapply r 10.2. I see no basis to find
that that the mere use of the word “Chairman” can have the effect contended
for by the plaintiff. I also agree with the Arbitrator that it is relevant to
note that r 10.2 is not prefaced by words such as “unless the parties have
agreed otherwise”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 30 (para 69).

Where parties have expressly incorporated a set of institutional rules to
govern the conduct of arbitral proceedings between them, they should not be
lightly assumed to have intended to disapply particular provisions of those
institutional rules unless that intention is clearly expressed in the
arbitration agreement or if such objective intention of the parties to create
such a carve-out is clear as a matter of construction. In the absence of any
such clear indications, the court should incline towards reading the
arbitration agreement harmoniously with the whole of the institutional rules
as chosen by the parties. Thus, in the case before me, if the mechanism
stipulated in the Arbitration Agreement (ie, to nominate the sole arbitrator
according to parties’ agreement or alternatively by the Chairman’s choice)
failed, r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016 remains applicable as a fallback
mechanism. Contrary to the plaintiff’s submission, the Arbitrator’s
appointment is not invalid simply because the Arbitrator was not appointed or
nominated by the Chairman. Nor does it mean that the Arbitrator’s appointment
was not in accordance with the parties’ agreement.

78 If the plaintiff’s argument is to be accepted, this would mean that if the
Chairman was unavailable or unable to appoint an arbitrator for whatever
reason, the Arbitration Agreement would be hamstrung and rendered unworkable.
The plaintiff even suggests that in such a scenario, it would be necessary for
the SIAC to go back to the parties to inform them of this development and to
act on such decisions that the parties may agree on subsequently (see [28]
above). However, this suggestion is problematic for a number of reasons.

79 First, there is no indication in the wording of the Arbitration Agreement
that such a scenario was envisaged by the parties. Second, such an
interpretation would also be commercially absurd and runs contrary to the
principle of effective interpretation. It is also likely to generate undue
uncertainty and inefficiency since it assumes that parties will agree on a
fallback upon being consulted by the SIAC but that begs the question – what if
parties cannot come to an agreement? On the plaintiff’s case, the Arbitration
Agreement would be unworkable or in s 6 IAA parlance, it would be rendered
“inoperative or incapable of being performed”. However, in order not to defeat
the expectations of commercial parties, that is a conclusion that a court will
not arrive at lightly, particularly when it can arrive at a commercially
logical conclusion that upholds the sanctity and efficacy of the Arbitration
Agreement, in accordance with the guiding principles mentioned above at
[65]–[66]. In my view, the purpose behind the fallback provision in r 10.2 of
the SIAC Rules 2016 is this. In cases where the parties are unable to come to
an agreement on who to nominate or if for some reason the mechanism in the
arbitration agreement becomes unworkable, the President may, in accordance
with r 10.2, simply appoint the sole arbitrator and thereby allow the arbitral
proceedings to validly continue. In my judgment, this reading of the
Arbitration Agreement is to be preferred simply because it is (a) a
commercially sensible interpretation and (b) one that does not render the
Arbitration Agreement invalid or incapable of being performed.

80 Finally, the plaintiff also relies on paras 8.29–8.33 of A Guide to the
SIAC Rules for the proposition that r 10.2 is not a “stopgap mechanism” which
allows the President to appoint the arbitrator in all cases. Instead, it is
just to facilitate the expedited formation of the tribunal so that neither
party can delay the constitution of the tribunal. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Zhao’s affidavit at p 289.

81 Paragraphs 8.29–8.33 of A Guide to the SIAC Rules states as follows:

2\. Rule 10.2

…

a. Default procedure for the nomination and appointment of a sole arbitrator

8.29 Parties have a limited time within which they can seek to reach an
agreement on a sole arbitrator. This ensures that one or more parties cannot
derail the arbitration simply by refusing to cooperate in the constitution of
the tribunal.

8.30 Rule 10.2 provides that in the event the parties fail to reach an
agreement on a sole arbitrator within 21 days after the date of the
commencement of the arbitration (ie the receipt by the Registrar of the
complete Notice of Arbitration (39)), or at any time if a party so requests,
(40) the SIAC President ‘shall appoint the sole arbitrator’. (41) The
Registrar may decide (42) or the parties may agree to extend or reduce the
21-day time limit referenced in Rule 10.2 for the parties to reach an
agreement on a sole arbitrator.

8.31 When required to act under Rule 10.2, the SIAC President generally
chooses a candidate from the SIAC Panel of Arbitrators (which, as already
noted, is not a constraint on the parties when making their nominations). …
The SIAC President may appoint an arbitrator who is not on the SIAC Panel of
Arbitrators but who appears on SIAC’s so-called ‘reserve list’, which is often
used for relatively low-value disputes. (45)

8.32 The SIAC President must take into account any criteria for the
appointment of arbitrators agreed by the parties in their contract or set by
relevant legislation. (46) The SIAC Practice Note for Administered Cases
further provides that ‘in all cases, the objective is to appoint an arbitrator
with the attributes of integrity and competence, who is independent and
impartial, and who will be perceived as such by the parties’. (47)

8.33 For cases with a large amount in dispute, involving State parties or
involving complicated questions of law, the SIAC President may choose an
arbitrator in consultation with two or more members of the SIAC Court and with
the assistance of the SIAC Secretariat. …

82 From this extract, the plaintiff highlights footnote 41 which states “…
Rule 10.2 refers to the ‘appointment’ of an arbitrator by the SIAC President.
The SIAC President appoints all arbitrators pursuant to Rule 9.3. Thus, the
reference to ‘appointment’ in Rule 10.2 refers to both the selection of an
arbitrator candidate on a party’s behalf and his or her appointment by the
SIAC President”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 290 and 292.

The plaintiff argues that the comment in this footnote shows that there should
be no split in appointment and nomination functions, unless parties expressly
and unequivocally provided that there is to be such a split. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PWS at paras 33 to 34.

The plaintiff argues that this is one such case.

83 In my view, the plaintiff’s reliance on A Guide to the SIAC Rules is
entirely misplaced. The footnote quoted above goes nowhere near supporting the
plaintiff’s argument. It merely states that where r 10.2 applies, the
President selects and appoints the arbitrator, which in and of itself is an
uncontroversial comment and a correct interpretation of r 10.2 – but that is
as far as the footnote goes. In fact, the footnote acknowledges that under r
9.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016, the President appoints all arbitrators. Logically,
this power operates even where parties have nominated an arbitrator or
requested a third person to do so. In any case, the footnote comment does not
detract from r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016 being a fallback where there is no
nomination of the sole arbitrator by the parties or a third person.

84 Under r 10.2 of the SIAC Rules 2016, where more than 21 days have passed
after the date of commencement of the arbitration, and either (a) “the parties
have not reached agreement on the nomination of a sole arbitrator” or (b) “if
at any time either party so requests”, the President shall appoint the sole
arbitrator. In the present case, after 21 days from the commencement of
Arbitration, the plaintiff did not reply to the defendant’s proposed
nomination of a sole arbitrator. Thus, parties were clearly unable to reach
agreement on the nomination of a sole arbitrator. The Chairman was, as
explained by the SIAC (see [17] above), also unable to nominate the sole
arbitrator due to a conflict. Additionally, as stated above at [22], the
defendant wrote to the SIAC on three occasions requesting the President to
appoint a sole arbitrator because 21 days had passed and parties had not
agreed on the nomination of an arbitrator. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Zhao’s affidavit at pp 32 to 33 (paras 82 to 84).

In these circumstances, r 10.2 was in my view triggered. Accordingly, the SIAC
did not err in requesting the President to appoint the Arbitrator and thus,
when the President appointed the Arbitrator, it was in accordance with the
parties’ agreement in the Arbitration Agreement.

85 Given that I have found that the Arbitrator has jurisdiction over the
Arbitration, I do not see any merit to the plaintiff’s contention that any
resulting award in the Arbitration may face challenges in enforcement overseas
– it does not provide a legitimate reason for the court to rule that the
Arbitrator does not have jurisdiction. In any event, it is not the place of
this court to second-guess the potential success or failure of any challenges
that may be mounted against enforcement of any resulting award from the
Arbitration. That a foreign enforcement court may come to a different view and
decline enforcement is a feature and potential risk inherent within the very
architecture of the Model Law and the New York Convention – parties are taken
to have accepted that potential risk when they agree to arbitration as their
choice of dispute resolution.

Conclusion

86 For the foregoing reasons, I rule that the Arbitrator’s appointment was
valid and that he had jurisdiction over the Arbitration. Accordingly, I
dismiss OS 920.

87 I shall hear the parties separately on costs.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
|  
  
Lee Wei Yuen Arvin, Lyssetta Teo Li Lin, Tay Ting Xun Leon and Wan Hui Ting,
Monique (Wee Swee Teow LLP) for the plaintiff;

Leong Lu Yuan and Ang Xin Yi, Penelope (Clasis LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Feb 2022 (10:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

