Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 83

Suit No 628 of 2020 (Summons No 1478 of 2021)

Between

(1)| Ok Tedi Fly River Development Foundation Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tom Waipa  
(3)| Brian Goware  
(4)| Gariba David Marude  
(5)| Sisa Baidam  
(6)| Max Giawele  
(7)| Robin Inberem Moken Morgen  
(8)| Bob Wai  
(9)| Bosi Kasiman  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Ok Tedi Mining Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| PNG Sustainable Development Program Ltd  
(3)| Mekere Morauta  
(4)| The Independent State of Papua New Guinea  
(5)| TMF Trustees Singapore Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Pleadings — Striking out]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [When arising] — [Characteristics of an
ad hoc fiduciary]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Elements of unlawful means conspiracies]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ok Tedi Fly River Development Foundation Ltd and others

  
v

  

Ok Tedi Mining Ltd and others

[2022] SGHC 83

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 628 of 2020 (Summons No 1478 of
2021)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
19, 20, 30 August 2021

12 April 2022

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The first defendant has owned and operated a mine (“the Mine”) near the Ok
Tedi River in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea since 1981. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Cameron James Clark’s 1st Affidavit dated 30 March 2021 (“CJC’s 1st
Affidavit”) at para 15 (Bundle of Cause Papers (“BCP”) Vol I, Tab 2).

The Mine is an exceptionally lucrative open cast gold and copper mine. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 15 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

But the Mine has caused and continues to cause environmental damage affecting
certain communities in the Western Province. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Proposed Amended Statement of Claim (“PASOC”) at paras 17, 20–24.

The plaintiffs in this action refer to these communities as “the Affected
Communities”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PASOC at paras 2C–2D.

I shall adopt that term for convenience, without necessarily accepting all of
its premises and implications.

2 In the late 1990s, the members of the Affected Communities commenced
litigation against the first defendant and its majority owner seeking
compensation for the environmental damage caused by the Mine. The majority
owner became increasingly concerned about potential liability and reputational
damage if it were to continue to be involved in the operation of the Mine
through the first defendant. As a result, the majority owner transferred all
of its shares in the first defendant to the second defendant in 2002.

3 The plaintiffs now advance in this action three claims against the first
defendant arising from the circumstances of that transfer. First, the
plaintiffs claim that the first defendant deceived members of the Affected
Communities into dropping their claims in the litigation by fraudulently
misrepresenting to them that the transferred shares would be held for the
benefit of the Affected Communities and that the income from the shares would
be applied towards compensating the members of the Affected Communities for
the environmental damage caused by the Mine. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Amended Statement of Claim dated 12 November 2021 (“ASOC”) at p 84.

Second, the plaintiffs claim that: (a) the first defendant was a fiduciary for
the members of the Affected Communities because, by making those fraudulent
misrepresentations, it voluntarily undertook to act in the interests of the
Affected Communities; and (b) the first defendant went on to breach the duties
it owed them as their fiduciary. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Proposed Amended Statement of Claim (“PASOC”) at para 50(d) and p 100, para
(4).

Finally, the plaintiffs claim that the first defendant conspired with the
second and third defendants to cause loss to the members of the Affected
Communities by unlawful means.

4 This first defendant now applies to have all three claims struck out. I have
allowed the first defendant’s application in part. I have struck out as being
obviously unsustainable the plaintiffs’ claims for breach of fiduciary duties
and in conspiracy. I have declined to strike out the plaintiffs’ claim against
the first defendant in deceit. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Minute Sheet dated 30 August 2021 (“MS”) at p 1.

I cannot say on affidavit evidence alone that the claim in deceit is obviously
unsustainable. It raises questions of fact and of mixed fact and law which
ought to be resolved at trial.

5 The plaintiffs have appealed against my decision to strike out their claims
for breach of fiduciary duties and in conspiracy. These are the grounds for my
decision against the plaintiffs on those two claims. The first defendant has
not cross-appealed against my decision not to strike out the plaintiffs’ claim
in deceit. I therefore do not, in these grounds, set out my reasons for
declining to find that that claim is obviously unsustainable.

The parties

The plaintiffs

6 The plaintiffs bring this action in their own right and as representatives
of all of the members of the Affected Communities. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PASOC at paras 6 and 8.

7 The first plaintiff is a company incorporated in Papua New Guinea in 2016. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

John Malcolm Wylie’s 1st Affidavit of 9 September 2020 (“JMW’s 1st Affidavit”)
at p 1193.

It brings this action as the assignee of causes of action originally vested in
members of certain communities forming a subset of the Affected Communities.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PASOC at paras 1, 2A–2C, 6.

In the alternative, the first plaintiff brings this action as trustee on
behalf of those same individuals under O 15 r 14 of the Rules of Court (2014
Rev Ed) (“the Rules”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PASOC at para 7.

8 The second to ninth plaintiffs bring this action as a representative
proceeding under O 15 r 12 of the Rules on behalf of all the members of the
Affected Communities. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PASOC at para 8.

Whether the second to ninth plaintiffs have the procedural right to bring this
action as a representative proceeding is the subject matter of a separate
challenge by the first defendant. In this judgment, I shall assume in the
plaintiffs’ favour, without deciding the issue, that they indeed have the
right to do so.

The defendants

9 The first defendant (“OTML”) is a company incorporated in Papua New Guinea
in 1981 to develop and operate the Mine. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 21 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

10 The second defendant (“PNGSDP”) is a company limited by guarantee
incorporated in Singapore in 2001. PNGSDP was incorporated for the specific
purpose of being the transferee of 52% of the shares in OTML (“the Shares”)
from OTML’s majority owner. PNGSDP is obliged to hold the Shares and to
receive and apply the dividends and other money arising from them
(“Distributions”) 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PASOC at para 36; JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 462.

to promote sustainable development within Papua New Guinea and to advance the
general welfare of the people of Papua New Guinea, in particular those of the
Western Province, by carrying out programmes and projects for social and
environmental purposes for their benefit. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PASOC at para 56(a); JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 428, Art 3(i).

11 The third defendant (“Sir Mekere”) was the Prime Minister of Papua New
Guinea from 1999 to 2002. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PASOC at para 12.

He died at the age of 74 in December 2020. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 10(c) (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

That was about five months after plaintiffs commenced this action. In October
2021, the plaintiffs wholly withdrew their claims against Sir Mekere. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Notice of Discontinuance/Withdrawal filed on 18 October 2021.

He is therefore no longer a defendant to this action. Despite that, the
plaintiffs have not yet amended the writ to reflect the withdrawal. The title
to this action therefore continues to show Sir Mekere as the third defendant.

12 The fourth defendant (“the State”) is the Independent State of Papua New
Guinea.

13 The fifth defendant holds as trustee very broad security interests over
virtually all of PNGSDP’s present and future assets – including the Shares and
Distributions – as security for the punctual performance of PNGSDP’s
obligation to indemnify certain persons (see [51]–[55] below). The fifth
defendant replaced the original trustee of the relevant security interests.
The original trustee was appointed at the time the Shares were transferred in
2002. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PASOC at para 14; JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 534, 538.

Nothing material to this decision turns on the identity of the security
trustee at any given time. It is therefore unnecessary to distinguish between
the fifth defendant and the original trustee. I shall accordingly refer to
both of them simply as “the Security Trustee”.

14 The plaintiffs do not in this action allege that the Security Trustee has
committed any wrong. As a result, they do not seek to hold it liable for any
relief. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PASOC at para 14; CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 10(e) (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

They have named it as a defendant only to ensure that it is bound by the
outcome of this action. The Security Trustee has therefore not participated in
this action otherwise than simply to confirm that it will abide by any order
the court may make.

The factual background

15 This application is the latest episode in long running litigation over the
past 30 years in Singapore, Papua New Guinea 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 35 and p 963.

and Victoria 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PASOC at para 25.

arising from the operation of the Mine. The five earlier judgments in
Singapore arising from the litigation can be found at:

(a) Independent State of Papua New Guinea v PNG Sustainable Development
Program Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 366;

(b) Independent State of Papua New Guinea v PNG Sustainable Development
Program Ltd [2019] SGHC 68 (“State v PNGSDP (HC)”);

(c) Independent State of Papua New Guinea v PNG Sustainable Development
Program Ltd [2020] 1 SLR 97);

(d) Independent State of Papua New Guinea v PNG Sustainable Development
Program Ltd [2020] 2 SLR 200 (“State v PNGSDP (CA)”); and

(e) Ok Tedi Fly River Development Foundation Ltd and others v Ok Tedi Mining
Ltd and others [2021] SGHC 205 (“Ok Tedi (PNGSDP)”).

16 In Ok Tedi (PNGSDP), I heard and allowed PNGSDP’s application to strike out
the plaintiffs’ claims in this action in their entirety as against PNGSDP.
That decision is the subject of a pending appeal. OTML’s striking out
application, which is the subject matter of these grounds, could not be heard
together with PNGSDP’s striking out application because, for various reasons,
OTML was served with the writ of summons and entered an appearance in this
action about six months after PNGSDP. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Memorandum of Service filed on 15 January 2021; Memorandum of Appearance filed
on 15 January 2021.

In that sense, PNGSDP has had the benefit of a six-month head start over OTML
in its efforts to extricate itself from this action without a trial.

17 The subject matter of this long running litigation was and is:

(a) the environmental damage caused by the Mine;

(b) the decision of the Mine’s majority owner to cease its involvement in the
Mine by transferring the Shares to PNGSDP in 2002 and the suite of contracts
entered into on that occasion and at or around that time;

(c) the State’s expropriation of the Shares in 2013; and

(d) a fund now worth about US$1.48 billion 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 29.

which PNGSDP is bound to hold and administer in accordance with the suite of
contracts.

18 The general background to this long running litigation is set out in detail
in State v PNGSDP (HC) at [8] to [36] and in State v PNGSDP (CA) at [5] to
[11]. The background relevant to this specific action is set out in Ok Tedi
(PNGSDP) at [15] to [37]. To enable this judgment to be read and understood on
its own, it is necessary to restate some of the background from Ok Tedi
(PNGSDP), supplemented as necessary by additional facts which are relevant
only to the plaintiffs’ claims against OTML.

The Mine and the environmental damage

19 Until the Shares were transferred to PNGSDP in 2002, OTML’s ultimate
majority owner was a multinational mining company now known as BHP Group
Limited (“BHP Group”). BHP Group incorporated OTML in 1981 to develop and
operate the Mine. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 16, 21 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

Until 2002, OTML’s shares were held as follows. BHP Group held 52% of OTML’s
shares through its wholly owned subsidiary, BHP Minerals Holdings Pty Ltd
(“BHP Minerals”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PASOC at para 18.

The State held 30% of OTML’s shares: 20% directly and 10% through a corporate
vehicle. A minority shareholder held the remaining 18% of OTML’s shares. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 19.

20 In 1995, the State and BHP Group established a system of statutory
compensation for loss and damage caused by flooding arising from the operation
of the Mine. The system comprised both general compensation payable to all
residents of areas which suffered loss or damage and specific compensation
payable to individuals who suffered particular loss or damage. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 28 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

21 Between 1994 and 1996, the members of the Affected Communities brought
proceedings against BHP Group and OTML in the Supreme Court of Victoria and in
Papua New Guinea. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 30 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2); PASOC at para 25.

They claimed compensation in those proceedings for the environmental damage
which the Mine had caused and was continuing to cause to the Affected
Communities.

22 In 1996, all of these proceedings were settled. The terms of the
settlement, broadly speaking, committed BHP Group to pay the claimants’ legal
costs and to underwrite the general compensation fund under the statutory
scheme (see [20] above). In exchange, the claimants agreed to terminate the
proceedings and support the statutory scheme, thereby becoming eligible to
receive compensation under the scheme. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 31 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2); PASOC at paras 26–28.

23 In 1999, OTML commissioned a report to assess the risks which the Mine
posed to human health and to the environment and to make recommendations. The
preliminary recommendation in June 1999 was that the Mine close immediately,
or at the latest by 2001. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 38 and 52 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

That was well before the end of the Mine’s economic life.

BHP Group decides to exit OTML

24 BHP Group was concerned about the damage which the Mine’s operation was
causing to the environment in the Affected Communities and to BHP Group’s
corporate reputation in Australia. As a result, BHP Group was prepared to
accept the recommendation and to close the Mine early. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 39 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

But OTML’s other shareholders and the State were opposed to early closure. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 40 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

The Mine was extremely profitable for its shareholders and was an important
contributor to Papua New Guinea’s economy for the State (see State v PNGSDP
(CA) at [5]). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 52 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

They believed that it was possible to use part of the Mine’s profits to
prevent, mitigate and alleviate the past, present and future environmental
damage arising from its operations. It is fair to say as well that the Mine
brought economic and other benefits to the members of the Affected Communities
which led the weight of opinion in the Affected Communities to oppose early
closure.

25 Given the diverging views between BHP Group on the one hand and OTML’s
shareholders and the State on the other, BHP Group decided to exit OTML. This
would allow the remaining shareholders to continue to operate the Mine through
OTML without BHP Group being involved or being exposed to legal and
reputational risk. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 40 and 46 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2); PASOC at para 30.

The surrounding communities were told of BHP Group’s exit plan (the “Exit
Plan”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 41 to 45 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

The Consultation Programme in 2000 and 2001

26 In July 1999, as a result of the risk assessment report (see [23] above),
OTML undertook a first round of community consultations to consider the way
forward with the Mine, taking into account the environmental damage which it
caused. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 55 and 56 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

27 In late 1999, the State invited the World Bank to comment on the risk
assessment report. The World Bank accepted the report’s conclusion that the
preferred option to prevent further environmental damage to the Affected
Communities was to close the Mine early. But the World Bank criticised the
report for failing to consider the trade-offs involved in early closure and
therefore failing to recognise that closure would inflict disastrous social
costs on the Affected Communities and economic costs on Papua New Guinea and
the State. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 54, p 1774 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2 and Vol III).

The World Bank therefore recommended a process of public consultation to
arrive at a consensus on the way forward.

28 As a result of the World Bank’s recommendations, in February 2000, the
State initiated a programme of further community consultations (“the
Consultation Programme”) 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 56, “CJC-36” (BCP Vol I, Tab 2 and Vol III).

with the leaders of about 156 villages and over 100,000 inhabitants of six
regions of the Western Province (“the CMCA Regions”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 59 to 60 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

The CMCA Regions were the regions most directly affected by the operation of
the Mine.

29 The purpose of the Consultation Programme was: (a) to explain to those
living in the CMCA Regions the environmental impact of mine continuation and
the social and economic impact of mine closure; and (b) to ascertain from
those most directly affected by the environmental damage whether they wanted
the Mine to continue or to close and, in either case, on what terms. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 57 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

Whatever the outcome, the intention was that the Consultation Programme would
achieve finality between the State, the people of Papua New Guinea and OTML
about the way forward with respect to the Mine. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 64 to 65 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

30 BHP Group was not involved in the Consultation Programme. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 87 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

It had already taken a settled decision to exit OTML.

31 The Consultation Programme was a joint effort of the State and OTML. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 64 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

OTML established a Community Relations (“CR”) department to lead the
Consultation Programme. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 62 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

Each community nominated two members to represent them in the consultations.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 61 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

Independent, non-governmental organisations observed the operation of the
Consultation Programme to ensure that the communities were properly informed
and their interests properly protected. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 74 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

The Consultation Programme continued for about a year and involved several
rounds of what started as consultations and then became negotiations. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 62 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

32 The Consultation Programme found widespread support for mine continuation,
so long as the existing statutory compensation scheme (see [20] above) was
enhanced to address the environmental damage the Mine had caused and was
continuing to cause. In-principle agreements to this effect were recorded in
six heads of agreement (“the CMCA Heads of Agreement”). The parties to the
CMCA Heads of Agreement were OTML, the State, the provincial government of the
Western Province and each of the six CMCA Regions. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 65 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

33 Although the CMCA Heads of Agreement were not in themselves a binding or
final resolution, they expressly envisaged a binding and final resolution in
two ways. First, they provided that, if the State decided in favour of mine
continuation, each CMCA Region would negotiate and enter into a mine
continuation agreement with OTML which would set out the terms on which the
Mine would continue to operate. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 67 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

Second, they also provided that these mine continuation agreements would cover
all issues and achieve binding finality on the terms of mine continuation in
perpetuity. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 68 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

34 OTML and the CMCA Regions then negotiated the mine continuation agreements.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 69 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

Some of the six CMCA Regions were further subdivided, creating a total of ten
CMCA Regions. OTML and the ten CMCA Regions entered into ten separate
Community Mine Continuation Agreements (“CMCAs”) between November 2001 and
April 2004. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 70 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

35 The CMCAs set out the terms for mine continuation. So long as the Mine
continued in operation, the CMCAs obliged OTML to pay to each CMCA Region
annual compensation for: (a) the environmental damage caused by the Mine; (b)
for depriving the CMCA Region of possession of land; and (c) for associated
loss and damage. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 75 and 103(a) (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

36 OTML’s case is that the CMCAs set out with finality as against the ten CMCA
Regions the terms on which OTML would continue to operate the Mine. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 75 and 85 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

It is also OTML’s case that the purpose of the compensation scheme agreed in
the CMCAs was to compensate the ten CMCA Regions, thereby discharging OTML's
obligation to pay statutory compensation to the CMCA Regions in accordance
with Papua New Guinea’s Mining Act. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 107 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

The 2000 Class Actions

37 While all this was going on, two individuals acting as representatives of
their respective communities commenced two class actions in the Supreme Court
of Victoria against BHP Group and OTML (“the 2000 Class Actions”). The
claimants alleged that BHP Group and OTML had breached the 1996 settlement
agreement (see [15] above). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 32 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2); PASOC at para 29.

These claimants included but were not limited to members of the ten CMCA
Regions.

38 Once the CMCAs were agreed, the ten CMCA Regions chose to receive
compensation and other benefits from OTML under the terms of the CMCAs rather
than to continue with the 2000 Class Action. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 35 to 36 and 71, “CJC-43” to “CJC-52” (BCP Vol I,
Tab 2 and Vol IV).

As a result, the terms of the CMCAs obliged the ten CMCA Regions to opt out of
the Class Action and to release OTML and BHP Group from all liability. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 71 to 73 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

39 In 2003, the 2000 Class Actions came to an end when all of the remaining
claimants entered into a settlement agreement. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 36 and “CJC-17” (BCP Vol I, Tab 2 and Vol II).

PNGSDP’s incorporation

40 In the meantime, BHP Group had settled on the mechanics of its Exit Plan. A
key part of the plan was for BHP Minerals to transfer the Shares to a special
purpose vehicle. PNGSDP was incorporated in Singapore in October 2001 to be
that special purpose vehicle. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.

41 PNGSDP’s corporate constitution is set out in three documents: (a) its
Memorandum of Association; (b) its Articles of Association (“the Articles”);
and (c) a schedule to the Articles called the “Rules of the PNG Sustainable
Development Program”. This schedule is more commonly referred to as “the
Program Rules”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 23, pp 433, 447.

42 PNGSDP’s objects, as recorded in its memorandum of association, include
promoting sustainable development within Papua New Guinea and advancing the
general welfare of the people of Papua New Guinea – particularly those of the
Western Province – through programmes and projects for social and
environmental purposes for their benefit. It is significant that PNGSDP’s
objects refer to the people of the Western Province and of Papua New Guinea
generally and do not refer to the CMCA Regions, the Affected Communities or
their members specifically.

43 The Program Rules have effect as part of the statutory contract embodied in
the Articles as between PNGSDP and its members for the time being.

44 The Program Rules have two key aspects.

45 First, the central provision of the Program Rules obliges PNGSDP to
establish a fund known as the Long Term Fund. The purpose of the Long Term
Fund is to hold, broadly speaking, two thirds of all Distributions together
with the accumulated investment income earned on the Long Term Fund. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 451–453, 463 (Program Rules, cll 9.2, 9.3, 9.4, 9.5,
21.1).

Under the Program Rules, PNGSDP undertook express contractual obligations to
its members as to how it was to apply: (a) Distributions; (b) the Long Term
Fund; and (c) investment income earned on the Long Term Fund.

46 Second, cl 9 of the Program Rules, among other things, both permits and
obliges PNGSDP to apply Distributions for the benefit of two classes of
people: (a) the people of the Western Province; and (b) the people of Papua
New Guinea. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit, pp 451–452.

Both of these classes include, but are not confined to, members of Affected
Communities. This is because not all of the communities in the Western
Province have been affected by the environmental damage caused by the Mine.
The members of the Affected Communities are therefore a subset of the people
of the Western Province, who are in turn a subset of the people of Papua New
Guinea. The plaintiffs complain about this feature of the Program Rules and
describe it as “the Shared Benefits Arrangement”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PASOC at para 45(f).

BHP Group implements the Exit Plan

47 In 2002, BHP Group caused BHP Minerals to transfer the Shares to PNGSDP and
thereby achieved its objective of exiting OTML. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 51 and 105 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

PNGSDP paid BHP Minerals and BHP Group no monetary consideration for the
Shares. The consideration was instead the suite of contracts which preceded 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 26.

and accompanied 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 27.

the transfer. Part of the purpose of this suite of interlocking and
interdependent contracts was to release and insulate BHP Group and persons
affiliated with it (apart from OTML) from all liability arising from past and
future environmental damage caused by the Mine.

48 Four of these contractual arrangements are relevant for present purposes.

49 First, BHP Group, the State, OTML and OTML’s shareholders entered into a
contract known as the Ok Tedi Mine Continuation (Ninth Supplemental) Agreement
(“Ninth Supplemental Agreement”). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 632.

By this contract, BHP Group confirmed its intention to exit OTML and agreed
that BHP Minerals should transfer the Shares to PNGSDP. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PASOC at para 38; JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 635.

The State went on to give legislative effect to the Ninth Supplemental
Agreement by enacting the Mining (Ok Tedi Mine Extension (Ninth Supplemental)
Agreement) Act 2001 (No 7 of 2001) (PNG). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 77 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

The first schedule to the Act is the Ninth Supplemental Agreement. The second
schedule to the Act comprises the CMCAs.

50 Second, PNGSDP entered into a contract known as the “Master Agreement” with
BHP Group, OTML and all of OTML’s shareholders. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 470.

By cl 3.1 of the Master Agreement, BHP Minerals agreed to transfer the Shares
to PNGSDP. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 474–475.

The consideration for this transfer was PNGSDP’s contractual undertaking in cl
3.2 of the Master Agreement to comply with the Program Rules. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 475.

PNGSDP gave this undertaking expressly for the benefit of four entities: BHP
Minerals, BHP Group, the State and OTML.

51 Third, PNGSDP executed two deeds of indemnity: one in favour of BHP Group
(“BHP’s Indemnity”) 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PASOC at para 45(b); JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 24(b), pp 498 and 504.

and another in favour of the State (“the State’s Indemnity”). 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 24(c) and p 516.

Under these indemnities, PNGSDP agreed to indemnify BHP, the State and a very
broadly defined group of affiliates (apart from OTML) for any and all
liability arising from any future environmental damage caused by the Mine. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 501–504, 519–523 (cll 1.1 and 2.1).

52 Finally, in February 2002, as security for the punctual performance of its
obligations under BHP’s Indemnity and the State’s Indemnity, PNGSDP entered
into: (a) a security deed (“the Security Deed”); 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 24(d) and p 534; PASOC at paras
45(b)(iii)–45(b)(iv).

(b) an equitable mortgage over the Shares (“the Equitable Mortgage”); 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit, at para 24(f) and p 603.

and (c) a security trust deed (“the Security Trust Deed”). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit, at para 24(e) and p 571.

I shall refer to these three contracts collectively as “the Security
Arrangements”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PASOC at para 45(b); JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 24(f).

53 The parties to the Security Deed are PNGSDP, OTML and the Security Trustee.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 534 and 546.

By the Security Deed, PNGSDP created an equitable mortgage over Distributions
and a fixed and floating charge over virtually all of PNGSDP’s present and
future assets in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the State
and BHP as security for the punctual performance of its obligations under
BHP’s Indemnity and the State’s Indemnity. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 546 (cll 2.1 and 3.1).

The Security Deed required PNGSDP to deposit with the Security Trustee a duly
executed blank transfer form in respect of the Shares and to direct OTML to
forward the original certificates for the Shares directly to the Security
Trustee once OTML had issued them in PNGSDP’s name. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 546 (cl 2.3).

54 The parties to the Equitable Mortgage are PNGSDP and the Security Trustee.
By the Equitable Mortgage, PNGSDP created in favour of the Security Trustee an
equitable mortgage over its present and future interest in the Shares, in all
after-acquired shares in OTML and in all future rights arising from these
shares as security for the punctual performance of its obligations under BHP’s
Indemnity and the State’s Indemnity. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 607–608 (cl 2.1).

55 The parties to the Security Trust Deed are the Security Trustee, PNGSDP,
BHP Group, the State and OTML. The Security Trust Deed sets out the rights,
duties, powers and immunities of the Security Trustee. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at pp 586–589 (eg, cll 8 and 9).

The CMCA extension agreements

56 The CMCAs 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 96 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

envisaged the State, OTML, the CMCA Regions and PNGSDP engaging in discussions
from time to time to review the operation of the CMCAs. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 97 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

One such review was held in 2011. At the conclusion of that review, the
parties agreed to allow the Mine to operate until 2025. To record this
agreement, the parties executed nine CMCA extension agreements in 2012 (“CMCA
EAs”). The State went on to give legislative effect to the CMCA EAs by
enacting the Mining (Ok Tedi Mine Extension (Eleventh Supplemental) Agreement)
Act 2014 (No 56 of 2014) (PNG) (the “Eleventh Supplemental Agreement Act”). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 98 to 99 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

57 Under the CMCAs and the CMCA EAs, OTML has made payments totalling
approximately PGK874.16m, or almost $340m, to the CMCA Regions from 2001 to
2020. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 101 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2); Cameron James Clark’s 3rd
Affidavit dated 8 July 2021 (“CJC’s 3rd Affidavit”) at para 180 (BCP Vol XII,
Tab 8).

The plaintiffs do not allege that OTML has breached any of its obligations
under the CMCAs or the CMCA EAs. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 101 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

The State expropriates the Shares

58 In 2013, during an intractable dispute between the State and PNGSDP over
control of PNGSDP which led to the earlier litigation in Singapore, the State
expropriated the Shares without compensation. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at para 30.

It did this by enacting legislation 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

JMW’s 1st Affidavit at p 764.

which cancelled the Shares and obliged OTML to issue to the State new shares
equivalent to 52% of OTML’s issued and paid-up share capital.

59 As a result, PNGSDP ceased to be a shareholder of OTML in 2013. With that,
PNGSDP stopped receiving Distributions. PNGSDP continues, however, to hold the
Long Term Fund and the investment income which it continues to generate
subject to its corporate constitution including the Program Rules.

The plaintiffs commence this action

60 The plaintiffs commenced this action in July 2020 against OTML, PNGSDP, Sir
Mekere, the State and the Security Trustee. The impetus for this action is
said to be (see [73] below) my finding in State v PNGSDP (HC) (at [301]–[341])
that PNGSDP did not hold the OTML shares, Distributions or the Long Term Fund
on any sort of trust for the people of Papua New Guinea, let alone
specifically for the members of the Affected Communities (see also State v
PNGSDP (CA) at [11]). One of my reasons for arriving at this finding was that
the provisions of the Security Deed were inconsistent with any such trust
(State v PNGSDP (HC) at [320]–[331]).

OTML’s striking out application

61 OTML’s striking out application was heard and determined on the basis of
the plaintiffs’ proposed amended statement of claim (“PASOC”). The plaintiffs
tendered the PASOC on 22 January 2021 during the hearing of PNGSDP’s striking
out application. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

TSMP Law Corporation’s letter to the Registry dated 21 January 2021;
Transcript, 25 January 2021, p 2:3–11.

For the purposes of OTML’s striking out application, the plaintiffs confirm
that they have no further amendments to make to the PASOC. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, 19 August 2021, pp 152:31–153:1.

I therefore proceed on the basis that plaintiffs’ claim against OTML as set
out in the PASOC represents its best and final pleading of its case against
OTML, ie that it cannot be improved by amendment.

62 OTML submits that the plaintiffs’ claims for breach of fiduciary duties and
conspiracy ought to be struck out on three procedural grounds. First, the
first plaintiff has no standing to bring these claims against OTML. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

First Defendant’s Written Submissions: Striking-Out Application dated 5 August
2021 (“1DS”) at paras 352–368.

Second, these claims are barred by the contractual provisions of the CMCAs and
CMCA EAs which have the force of law in Papua New Guinea by reason of the
Ninth and Eleventh Supplemental Agreement Acts. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1DS at paras 167–177.

Third, these claims are time-barred under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996
Rev Ed). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

1DS at paras 59–164.

63 I have found that none of these procedural objections are grounds for
striking out the plaintiffs’ claims in deceit. That applies equally to their
claims for breach of fiduciary duties and conspiracy. I therefore need not say
more about these procedural objections. I will focus instead on the substance
of the plaintiffs’ claims for breach of fiduciary duties and in conspiracy. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

MS at pp 2–3.

Law on striking out

64 A pleading may be struck under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules if it discloses
no reasonable cause of action. A reasonable cause of action is a cause of
action with some chance of success when only the allegations in the pleading
are considered: The “Tokai Maru” [1998] 2 SLR(R) 646 at [44]. So long as the
statement of claim discloses some cause of action or raises some question fit
to be decided at trial, the mere fact that the case is weak and is not likely
to succeed is no ground for striking it out under this limb of O 18 r 19(1):
Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another [2012] 1 SLR 457 at [110].

65 A pleading may be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules if it is
scandalous, frivolous or vexatious. There is no suggestion that the
plaintiffs’ pleaded claims against OTML are scandalous. A pleading is
frivolous or vexatious if it is obviously unsustainable (Singapore Civil
Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para
18/19/12). A pleading is unsustainable if it is either (The “Bunga Melati 5”
[2012] 4 SLR 546 at [39]):

(a) legally unsustainable, ie, where “it may be clear as a matter of law at
the outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that
he offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks”; or

(b) factually unsustainable, ie, where “it is possible to say with confidence
before trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful because it is
entirely without substance, [for example, if it is] clear beyond question that
the statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or other material
on which it is based”.

66 I now apply these principles to the plaintiffs’ claims for breach of
fiduciary duties and in conspiracy which are the subject matter of this
judgment. Athough the plaintiffs’ claim in deceit is not the subject matter of
this judgment (see [5] above), an understanding of that claim is essential to
understand the two claims which are. It is therefore necessary to commence the
analysis by summarising the plaintiffs’ claim in deceit.

Deceit claim

67 The plaintiffs plead that OTML represented to the members of the Affected
Communities that, in consideration of their discontinuing the 2000 Class
Actions and releasing OTML, BHP Minerals and BHP Group from liability: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PASOC at para 32.

(a) the Shares and Distributions would belong beneficially to the members of
the Affected Communities; and

(b) Distributions would be used to ameliorate the effects of the environmental
damage caused by the Mine on the members of the Affected Communities.

The plaintiffs refer to these two pleaded representations as “the Share
Offload Representations”.

68 The plaintiffs plead further that the meaning and effect of the Share
Offload Representations were that: 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PASOC at para 32A.

(a) the members of the Affected Communities would have a beneficial interest
in the Shares and Distributions “from the outset”;

(b) “[t]he Shares and the Distributions would be held on trust for the benefit
of the members of the Affected Communities and/or for the purpose of
ameliorating” the environmental damage caused by the Mine; and/or

(c) the Shares would be unencumbered.

The plaintiffs refer to this pleaded meaning and effect of the Share Offload
Representations as the “Share Offload Understanding”.

69 The plaintiffs then plead that OTML is liable to the members of the
Affected Communities in the tort of deceit 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PASOC at para 42.

on the following four grounds, with each ground tracking each of the four
elements of the tort.

70 First, the plaintiffs plead that the Share Offload Representations are
false in three respects:

(a) BHP Minerals transferred the Shares to PNGSDP outright and therefore the
Shares were not held on trust for the members of the Affected Communities (see
[60] above). 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PASOC at para 45(g).

(b) By reason of the Shared Benefits Arrangement (see [46] above),
Distributions were not to be applied for the benefit of the members of the
Affected Communities but were instead to be shared with Papua New Guineans who
were unaffected by the environmental damage caused by the Mine. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PASOC at para 45(f).

(c) The Shares were subject to the Security Arrangements and were therefore
not unencumbered. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PASOC at para 45(c).

71 Second, the plaintiffs plead that OTML made the Share Offload
Representations fraudulently in that it did not have any honest belief or any
present intention to carry out the Share Offload Representations at the time
it made the representations 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PASOC at para 45(a).

and made those representations either knowing that they were false, or
recklessly not caring whether they were true or false. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PASOC at para 47.

72 Third, the plaintiffs plead that, in reliance on the truth of the Share
Offload Representations, the members of the Affected Communities or their
representatives: 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PASOC at paras 33 and 48, p 110.

(a) executed forms agreeing to opt out of the 2000 Class Actions (“Opt-Out
Forms”); and

(b) executed the CMCAs providing for, among other things, mine continuation
and for the members of the Affected Communities to discontinue the 2000 Class
Actions and release OTML, BHP Minerals and BHP Group from all claims arising
from the operation of the Mine 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PASOC at para 33.

in exchange for OTML’s promise to make annual payments to, among others, the
members of the Affected Communities 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at p 1863 (cl 17) (BCP Vol IV).

as “full compensation” for the environmental damage caused by the Mine. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at p 1863 (cl 19) (BCP Vol IV).

73 Finally, the plaintiffs plead that the members of the Affected Communities
discovered that the Share Offload Representations were false only when I
delivered my judgment in State v PNGSDP (HC). The plaintiffs plead that the
members of the Affected Communities learned from that judgment for the first
time that the Shares and Distributions were not subject to any trust and were
not unencumbered (see [60] above). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PASOC at paras 45(h)–45(i).

74 With that background, I now turn to analyse whether the plaintiffs’ claims
that OTML breached its fiduciary duties to the members of the Affected
Communities and conspired to cause them loss are obviously unsustainable. For
the purposes of this analysis, I am prepared to assume in the plaintiffs’
favour, without deciding, that OTML’s deceit claim is well founded. In
particular, I will assume from this point forward that OTML did in fact make
the Share Offload Representations to the members of the Affected Communities
and that the Share Offload Representations are indeed false. Whether these
assumptions are valid will, of course, have to be determined at trial.

Breach of fiduciary duties claim

The plaintiffs’ pleaded case

75 As with the plaintiffs’ claim against PNGSDP for breach of fiduciary duties
(see Ok Tedi (PNGSDP) at [58]), the plaintiffs do not allege as against OTML
that: (a) OTML is a trustee for the members of the Affected Communities; (b)
OTML is within some new category of fiduciary which the plaintiffs submit the
law should recognise; or (c) OTML holds legal title to any property in which
the members of the Affected Communities have a proprietary interest. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 20 August 2021, pp 100:8–109:11; Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions
dated 5 August 2021 (“PS”) at paras 150–199.

76 The plaintiffs’ case is simply that OTML owes fiduciary duties to the
members of the Affected Communities because, in all the circumstances of this
case, it is an ad hoc fiduciary for them. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PASOC at paras 51–55.

The plaintiffs’ case proceeds as follows. By making the Share Offload
Representations, OTML voluntarily undertook to act in the interests of the
members of the Affected Communities and was in a relationship of trust and
confidence with them. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PASOC at para 51.

The members of the Affected Communities were vulnerable to the actions of OTML
in ensuring that the content of the Share Offload Representations was carried
out for their benefit. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PASOC at para 51(a)

Further, OTML had the power to decide whether to carry out an arrangement in
which the beneficial interest in the Shares and in Distributions would in fact
belong to the members of the Affected Communities. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PASOC at para 51(b).

OTML therefore had the power to affect the interests of the members of the
Affected Communities. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, 20 August 2021, pp 106:25–107:6.

In these circumstances, therefore, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PASOC at para 52.

OTML became an ad hoc fiduciary for the members of the Affected Communities.

77 The plaintiffs’ case as to the content of OTML’s fiduciary duties is as
follows. As an ad hoc fiduciary, OTML owes the members of the Affected
Communities six duties. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PASOC at para 52.

These duties include a duty to act bona fide in the interests of the members
of the Affected Communities and a duty not to advance or promote OTML’s own
interests to the detriment of or in conflict with the interests of the members
of the Affected Communities. Most importantly, OTML has a duty to carry out
the content of the Share Offload Representations, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PASOC at para 52(d).

ie, to ensure that: (a) the members of the Affected Communities beneficially
own the Shares and Distributions; 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PASOC at para 52(e).

and (b) Distributions are used to ameliorate the effects on the members of the
Affected Communities of the environmental damage caused by the Mine.

78 The plaintiffs’ case as to OTML’s breach of its fiduciary duties proceeds
as follows. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PASOC at paras 53–54.

OTML deceived the members of the Affected Communities in the manner described
at [70] to [72] above. First, it entered into the Security Arrangements
contrary to the Share Offload Representations. OTML thereby deprived the
members of the Affected Communities of the opportunity to claim any beneficial
interest in the Shares and Distributions and to have the Shares and
Distributions applied for their benefit without hindrance or encumbrance.
Second, OTML effected the Shared Benefits Arrangement. OTML thereby diluted
the entitlement of the members of the Affected Communities to benefit from the
Shares and Distributions by allowing persons outside the Affected Communities
to benefit from them as well.

79 The question I must decide is whether a claim that OTML was an ad hoc
fiduciary for the members of the Affected Communities is obviously
unsustainable (see [65] above).

When an ad hoc fiduciary duty arises

80 I had to analyse the circumstances in which one person (F) becomes an ad
hoc fiduciary for another person (B) in Ok Tedi (PNGSDP). A fuller analysis of
the relevant principles may be found there (at [59]–[68]). For present
purposes, it suffices to extract and restate the following principles.

81 First, “the hallmark of a fiduciary obligation is that the fiduciary is to
act in the interests of another person”: Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and
another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”) at [192]. The core
liability that this entails is a single-minded duty of loyalty to B: Bristol
and West Building Society v Mothew [1998] Ch 1.

82 Second, a person is not subject to fiduciary obligations because he is a
fiduciary; instead, he is a fiduciary because he is subject to fiduciary
obligations: Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and
others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655 (“Turf Club”) at [42]. Thus,
whether a person owes a fiduciary duty to another depends on the nature of his
conduct in relation to that other person in all the circumstances and not
purely on the category into which his broader relationship with that person
falls (Turf Club at [42]–[43]).

83 Third, a fiduciary duty is voluntarily undertaken. It arises as a legal
consequence of the fiduciary’s voluntary conduct and is not imposed by law
independently of the fiduciary’s intention to engage in that conduct. But,
because the obligation is a legal consequence, it can arise even if the
fiduciary was not subjectively willing to undertake the obligation or to
accept that legal consequence when he engaged in that conduct: Tan Yok Koon at
[194].

84 Fourth, in Ok Tedi (PNGSDP) at [68], I adopted the framework for
ascertaining when F becomes an ad hoc fiduciary for B which the Supreme Court
of Canada set out in Her Majesty The Queen in Right of Alberta v Elder
Advocates of Alberta Society and James O. Darwish, Personal representative of
the Estate of Johanna H. Darwish, deceased and Attorney General of Canada and
Attorney General of British Columbia as Interveners [2011] 2 SCR 261
(“Alberta”) at [30]–[36]. Under that framework, F becomes an ad hoc fiduciary
for B if:

(a) F gives an undertaking of responsibility, express or implied, to act in
B’s best interests. In other words, F must undertake “to act in accordance
with the duty of loyalty reposed on” F (at [30]) and to forsake the interests
of all others (including F himself) in favour of B in relation to the legal
interest at stake (at [31]).

(b) B is vulnerable to F in the sense that F has a discretionary power over B
or over the class to which B belongs (at [33]).

(c) F’s power may affect B’s legal interests or his substantial practical
interests (at [34]).

85 Further, where B alleges that F owes the ad hoc fiduciary duty not just to
B but to a class of persons of which B claims to be a member, it is necessary
that that class of persons be defined: Ok Tedi (PNGSDP) at [67] citing Alberta
at [36].

86 As I said in OK Tedi (PNGSDP) (at [68]), I consider the Alberta framework
to be consistent with the principles set out by the Court of Appeal in Tan Yok
Koon, Turf Club and Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R)
737.

87 I also accept, as OTML submits, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

1DS at para 272.

that the threshold for establishing that F has become an ad hoc fiduciary for
B is a very high one (Turf Club at [43]). The threshold is especially high in
a commercial setting, where the parties deal at arm’s length and choose to
govern their legal relationship by contract (Turf Club at [45]). First, a
finding that F gave any sort of undertaking of responsibility to act in B’s
best interests will be justified only in exceptional circumstances (Turf Club
at [43] and [45]; Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen [2013] 1 SLR 1310 at [110]
to [111]). This is because a commercial party does not ordinarily undertake to
subordinate its own interests to another’s. Second, in a commercial setting, B
will not be deemed to be vulnerable to F simply because B mistakenly trusted
or relied on F (Hospital Products Ltd v United States Surgical Corporation
(1984) 156 CLR 41 (“Hospital Products”) at [66] to [67] per Dawson J).
Finally, where F and B have entered into a contract, the terms of their
contract have primacy in assessing F’s power to affect B’s legal interests.
Any ad hoc fiduciary duty which may be superimposed on their relationship will
have to conform to the terms of their contract (Hospital Products at [70] per
Mason J).

88 I therefore apply the Alberta framework to analyse whether the plaintiffs’
claim that OTML became an ad hoc fiduciary for the members of the Affected
Communities is obviously unsustainable. For the following reasons, I accept
OTML’s submission that that claim is obviously unsustainable, even with the
benefit of my assumption in the plaintiffs’ favour that their case in deceit
is well-founded (see [74] above).

No voluntary undertaking to the members of the Affected Communities

89 In my view, it is obviously unsustainable that OTML gave any undertaking of
responsibility to the members of the Affected Communities as required by the
first element of the Alberta framework (see [84(a)] above). This element
requires OTML to have voluntarily undertaken responsibility, expressly or
impliedly, to act in relation to the Shares and Distributions in the best
interests of the members of the Affected Communities in accordance with a duty
of loyalty reposed in OTML, forsaking the interests of all others (including
OTML itself) in favour of the members of the Affected Communities. The
plaintiffs plead that OTML undertook this responsibility when it made the
Share Offload Representations. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PASOC at para 51.

I find the plaintiffs’ case obviously unsustainable for two reasons.

Any such undertaking is inconsistent with the commercial setting

90 The commercial setting in which the plaintiffs allege that OTML made the
Share Offload Representations makes the required voluntary undertaking of
responsibility obviously unsustainable. I say that for three reasons.

(1) A voluntary undertaking of responsibility is at odds with OTML’s pursuit
of its own commercial interests in adversarial negotiations

91 First, a voluntary undertaking of responsibility is completely at odds with
OTML’s status as a commercial entity and the adversarial nature of the
Consultation Programme. OTML was brought into existence and has always carried
on its business for profit and to generate returns for its shareholders on
their capital through its operation of the Mine. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 161.

OTML was not brought into existence and did not carry on its business at any
time for altruistic purposes. There is no basis whatsoever for the plaintiffs’
suggestion that OTML is or is regarded as a “social institution”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 161; Samson Jubi’s 5th Affidavit (“SJ’s 5th
Affidavit”) at para 113.

Indeed, it appears to me that OTML could not have conducted itself in these
discussions and negotiations so as to subordinate its own interests to the
interests of the members of the Affected Communities without OTML’s directors
and management themselves breaching their fiduciary duties to OTML and its
shareholders as a whole.

92 OTML therefore initiated the Consultation Programme in pursuit of its own
commercial interests. The plaintiffs accept that the effect of the CMCAs,
which was the culmination of the Consultation Programme, was to secure the
discontinuance of the 2000 Class Action against OTML and to release OTML from
liability. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PASOC para 33(b); 1DS para 301.

OTML’s pursuit of its own commercial interests in this way is completely
inconsistent with any voluntary undertaking of responsibility to the members
of the Affected Communities.

93 The Consultation Programme was adversarial rather than altruistic. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

SJ’s 5th Affidavit at “SJ-55”.

OTML engaged with the CMCA Regions throughout the Consultation Programme at
arm’s length. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 21.

The clearest indication of this is that non-governmental organisations felt
the need to observe the operation of the Consultation Programme to ensure that
OTML did not misinform the CMCA Regions or take advantage of their lack of
sophistication in the discussions which eventually turned into negotiations in
the course of the Consultation Programme.

94 The CMCAs were therefore the outcome of a genuine negotiation. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

1DS at para 322.

OTML took it upon itself to equip members of the CMCA Regions with negotiating
skills. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

1DS at para 320.

The CMCA Regions had legal advice or access to legal advice. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

1DS at para 321.

The CMCA Regions were not compelled to enter into the CMCAs. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 163.

If the outcome of the Consultation Programme was that the CMCA Regions wanted
OTML to continue to operate the Mine only upon terms as to compensation,
benefits and otherwise which OTML considered uncommercial, I am satisfied that
OTML would simply not have entered into the CMCAs and would have considered
its options. I am equally satisfied that, if OTML offered a package of
compensation and benefits that the CMCA Regions considered inadequate, they
would have refused to sign the CMCAs and considered their options. All of this
is completely inconsistent with OTML voluntarily undertaking any
responsibility to the members of the Affected Communities.

95 As I have pointed out, it is not easy for F to become an ad hoc fiduciary
for B in a commercial setting such as this. It would therefore take
exceptional circumstances to find that OTML voluntarily undertook
responsibility to the members of the Affected Communities in the course of or
by reason of the Consultation Programme. There are no exceptional
circumstances in this case. In fact, all of the objective circumstances
suggest that OTML undertook no such responsibility whatsoever.

(2) A voluntary undertaking of responsibility is at odds with the existence
and the terms of the CMCAs

96 Second, a voluntary undertaking of responsibility is completely at odds
with the existence and the terms of the contracts which OTML entered into with
the CMCA Regions, ie the CMCAs. The intention of OTML, its shareholders and
the CMCA Regions in entering into the CMCAs was that the CMCAs would
completely document and govern the relationship between OTML and the CMCA
Regions. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

CJC’s 3rd Affidavit at para 185.

The CMCAs were given effect to by national legislation. They continue to bind
the parties today, pursuant to the CMC EAs, and expressly provide that they
are “the complete, final and binding basis” on which the Mine is to continue
in operation. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at paras 125(c)–125(e).

97 The CMCAs expressly permit OTML to continue to operate the Mine on the
terms which they set out as to compensation and benefits. The plaintiffs
accept that OTML has complied with all of its obligations under the CMCAs and
the CMC EAs and has paid a substantial sum by any measure to the CMCA Regions
in compensation and benefits over the past 20 years or so (see [57] above). In
any event, whether OTML has breached the CMCAs or complied with them is
irrelevant. The very existence of the CMCAs negates the necessary voluntary
undertaking of responsibility and confines the plaintiffs’ remedies to
contract.

(3) A voluntary undertaking of responsibility is at odds with the suite of
contracts entered on the occasion of the Shares being transferred to PNGSDP

98 Third, a voluntary undertaking of responsibility is completely at odds with
the suite of contracts which OTML entered into when BHP Mineral transferred
the Shares to PNGSDP in 2002. These include the Master Agreement, the Security
Deed, the Security Trust Deed and the Ninth Supplemental Agreement. Under
these agreements, OTML participated in PNGSDP encumbering the Shares and
Distributions in favour of the Security Trustee for the ultimate benefit of
BHP Group and the State. Any voluntary undertaking of responsibility to carry
out the Share Offload Representations and to ensure that the members of the
Affected Communities obtained a beneficial interest in the Shares or
Distributions is wholly inconsistent with the terms of this suite of
contracts.

99 The plaintiffs make no attempt to reconcile or accommodate the terms of
this suite of contracts or of the CMCAs with the scope or content of the
voluntary undertaking of responsibility necessary to make OTML an ad hoc
fiduciary for the members of the Affected Communities. They do not because
they cannot. The voluntary undertaking of responsibility that the plaintiffs
seek to establish cuts across the terms of all of these contracts and cannot
be reconciled with them.

Any such undertaking is inconsistent with the plaintiffs’ case in deceit

100 In any event, a voluntary undertaking of responsibility is wholly
inconsistent with the plaintiffs’ case that OTML made the Share Offload
Representations fraudulently. That case asserts that, at the time OTML made
the Share Offload Representations, it had no present intention to carry them
out and therefore had no honest belief in their truth. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PASOC at paras 45(a) and 47.

101 An intention on OTML’s part to perpetrate a fraud on the members of the
Affected Communities cannot, as a matter of logic, coexist with the necessary
voluntary undertaking of responsibility to them. F cannot voluntarily
undertake responsibility to act in B’s best interests at the same time as it
deceives B into acting against B’s own best interests.

102 As I have pointed out, F’s voluntary undertaking of responsibility to B is
an essential element of F becoming an ad hoc fiduciary for B. That is so even
if the test to ascertain whether F has voluntarily undertaken responsibility
to B is an objective rather than a subjective one (see [83] above). It is not
the law that a court can, contrary to the objective circumstances and the
objective nature of F’s conduct, somehow impute a “voluntary” undertaking of
responsibility to F or somehow impose one on F. That is so even if F is for
some reason considered deserving of equity’s moral condemnation (eg, as a
fraudster) or if B is for some reason considered deserving of equity’s
protection (eg, as unsophisticated subsistence farmers).

103 If OTML’s claim in deceit is well founded, therefore, the first element of
the Alberta framework must necessarily be absent. That in turn makes the
plaintiffs’ claim for breach of fiduciary duty obviously unsustainable.

No power to affect legal or substantial practical interests

104 I also consider the plaintiffs’ case on the third element of the Alberta
framework to be obviously unsustainable. The third element requires the
plaintiffs to establish that OTML has a power which may be exercised so as to
affect the legal or substantial practical interests of the members of the
Affected Communities. Alberta explains this element as follows (at [35]):

In the traditional categories of fiduciary relationship, the nature of the
relationship itself defines the interest at stake. However, a party seeking to
establish an ad hoc duty must be able to point to an identifiable legal or
vital practical interest that is at stake. The most obvious example is an
interest in property, although other interests recognized by law may also be
protected.

105 The plaintiffs’ case on this element proceeds as follows. OTML “had the
power to decide whether to effect an arrangement where the beneficial interest
in the Shares and/or [Distributions] would in fact belong to the members of
the Affected Communities” [emphasis in original omitted]. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PASOC at para 51(b).

This is because OTML had “substantial influence and involvement” in effecting
the arrangements including and surrounding the transfer of the Shares which
failed to confer any beneficial interest in the Shares on the members of the
Affected Communities. OTML had this influence because, among other reasons,
BHP Minerals held a controlling 52% stake in OTML. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PS at paras 198–199; PASOC at para 136(e).

106 OTML’s case in response proceeds as follows. OTML had no power or
discretion over the Shares. It therefore could not have affected the interests
of the members of the Affected Communities in the Shares, whether in a legal
or practical sense. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

1DS at para 294.

It was BHP Minerals and then PNGSDP who owned and controlled the Shares. OTML
had no “power to decide whether to effect an arrangement where the beneficial
interest in the Shares and/or any income therefrom would belong to
the…Affected Communities.” 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

1DS at para 294.

107 I accept OTML’s submission. I find that OTML had no power to affect the
legal or practical interests of the members of the Affected Communities in
respect of the Shares 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

MS dated 30 August 2021 at pp 1–2.

for two reasons.

108 First, it is common ground that OTML never owned the Shares. BHP Minerals
held the Shares when OTML was incorporated in 1981. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PASOC at para 18.

BHP Minerals transferred the Shares to PNGSDP in 2002. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PASOC at para 45(b), p 112 (definition of “Shares”).

OTML never had any legal right or power to determine whether BHP Minerals
should transfer the Shares or Distributions for the benefit of the members of
the Affected Communities. As OTML puts it, if BHP Minerals was going to deal
with the Shares in a manner contrary to the Share Offload Representations,
OTML had “no role in that. BHP [Minerals] will just do what it wants to
do…because the [S]hares don’t belong to [OTML]”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 19 August 2021, p 96:17–21.

109 Second, the plaintiffs’ submission that BHP Minerals controlled OTML is
neither here nor there. The plaintiffs argue this control was evidenced by BHP
Minerals’ majority stake in OTML and its right to nominate senior officers of
OTML. It submits that BHP Minerals’ control of OTML indicates “an alignment of
interests” between the two entities. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PS at para 198.

110 I reject the plaintiffs’ submission for two reasons.

111 First, the point here is not whether BHP Minerals had the power to control
OTML but whether OTML had the power to control BHP Minerals. It does not
follow from BHP Minerals’ right to appoint senior officers of OTML that OTML
therefore somehow had the power to control BHP Minerals (including its
decision to transfer the Shares to PNGSDP and the terms of the transfer). The
plaintiff’s submission is a non sequitur.

112 Second, even if it were the plaintiffs’ case that BHP Minerals and OTML
were a single economic entity such that the BHP Minerals’ power to control the
Shares can somehow be attributed to OTML, this case is nowhere pleaded. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript, 19 August 2021, p 95:10–19.

Under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules, the reasonableness of a cause of action
must be assessed only on the basis of the allegations pleaded (O 18 r 19(2) of
the Rules; Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and
others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [21]). As for the remaining heads of O 18 r 19,
the plaintiffs have put forward the PASOC as their best and final pleading of
their claims against OTML. The single economic entity argument cannot save the
plaintiffs’ obviously unsustainable case on the third element of the Alberta
framework as pleaded.

113 In these circumstances, the allegation that OTML had a power which it
could exercise so as to affect the legal or substantial practical interests of
the members of the Affected Communities is obviously unsustainable. As OTML
submits, 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

1DS at para 273.

the absence of power in the hands of the alleged fiduciary negates an ad hoc
fiduciary duty (Galambos v Perez [2009] 3 SCR 247 at [84]).

No vulnerability to OTML

114 It follows from my conclusion on the third element of the Alberta
framework that the plaintiffs’ case on the second element is also obviously
unsustainable. The second element requires the members of the Affected
Communities to be vulnerable to OTML in the sense that OTML has a
discretionary power over them. The plaintiffs plead that the members of the
Affected Communities were vulnerable to OTML “in ensuring that…the Share
Offload Representations [were] carried out”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

PASOC at para 51(a).

OTML had no such discretionary power over the Shares. The vulnerability
required by the second Alberta element simply could not arise.

115 In the course of oral submissions, plaintiffs’ counsel submitted that the
members of the Affected Communities were vulnerable to OTML’s exercise of
power in another sense. The submission is that OTML’s operation of the Mine
damages the land in the Affected Communities, which in turn affects the
livelihoods of the members of the Affected Communities as subsistence farmers.
150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript, 20 August 2021, p 107:3–22.

116 This allegation is nowhere pleaded. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript, 20 August 2021, pp 155:28–156:15.

The plaintiffs have put forward the PASOC as their best and final pleading.
This submission cannot save the plaintiffs’ obviously unsustainable case on
the second element of the Alberta framework as pleaded.

No breach of duty

117 Even if OTML owed the pleaded fiduciary duties (see [77] above) to the
members of the Affected Communities as their ad hoc fiduciary, I consider any
argument that there was a breach of these fiduciary duties to be obviously
unsustainable.

118 The Share Offload Representations are not representations of past or
present fact. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PASOC at para 44.

Their content is promissory in nature. The Share Offload Representations
amount to a promise that the Shares will become the property of the members of
the Affected Communities in equity without encumbrance and that Distributions
will be applied exclusively for the benefit of the members of the Affected
Communities.

119 But, as I have pointed out, the Shares are shares in OTML, not property
owned by OTML. And Distributions are due to OTML’s shareholders, not to OTML
itself. OTML never owned or controlled the Shares and never received
Distributions or controlled how they could be spent. Only BHP Minerals owned
the Shares. Only BHP Minerals and BHP Group had control over whether to
transfer the shares, when to transfer the shares, to whom to transfer the
Shares, on what terms to transfer the shares and whether to create a trust
over the Shares. Only OTML’s shareholders received Distributions and had any
control over how to spend them or whether to create a trust over them.

120 The promissory content of the Share Offload Representations relates to
matters which are not in any way within OTML’s control. Even if OTML was an ad
hoc fiduciary for the members of the Affected Communities, and thereby obliged
to carry out the content of the Share Offload Representations, any claim that
OTML breached the duty to do so is obviously unsustainable.

Conclusion on fiduciary duties claim

121 For the foregoing reasons, I hold to be obviously unsustainable the
plaintiffs’ claim that OTML was an ad hoc fiduciary for the members of the
Affected Communities and that it breached the fiduciary duties owed to them.
All of these claims are accordingly struck out.

Conspiracy claims

122 The PASOC alleges that OTML was a conspirator in three unlawful means
conspiracies. The PASOC calls them “Conspiracy B”, “Conspiracy C” and
“Conspiracy D”.

123 The plaintiffs’ case is that Sir Mekere was a conspirator in Conspiracies
B and C. Although the plaintiffs have withdrawn their claims against Sir
Mekere, they have not withdrawn their allegation that he was a conspirator in
these two conspiracies. It therefore remains necessary to consider Sir
Mekere’s role in these alleged conspiracies.

124 For the reasons which follow, all three conspiracies are obviously
unsustainable.

Conspiracy B

125 I begin my analysis with Conspiracy B. This is an alleged conspiracy
between OTML, PNGSDP, Sir Mekere and the State to cause OTML to make the Share
Offload Representations and thereby: (a) to deceive the members of the
Affected Communities into discontinuing the 2000 Class Action and abandoning
their claims against OTML, BHP Group and/or BHP Minerals; and (b) to deprive
the members of the Affected Communities of a beneficial interest in the Shares
and Distributions. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PASOC at para 136A.

Conspiracy B is said to have caused the members of the Affected Communities to
suffer loss which is equivalent to the damages they would have secured in the
2000 Class Action. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PASOC at para 136D.

126 To establish Conspiracy B, the plaintiffs must prove the following (EFT
Holdings, Inc v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT
Holdings”) at [112]):

(a) that OTML, PNGSDP, Sir Mekere and the State combined to do certain acts;

(b) that they intended to cause damage or injury to the members of the
Affected Communities by those acts;

(c) that the acts were unlawful;

(d) that the acts were performed in furtherance of the combination; and

(e) that the members of the Affected Communities suffered loss as a result of
the conspiracy.

No combination

127 The plaintiffs’ pleaded case on the element of combination is obviously
unsustainable. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

MS at p 2.

A combination requires: (a) an agreement between the conspirators to pursue a
course of conduct; and (b) concerted action taken pursuant to that agreement
(EFT Holdings at [113]). The conspirators must be “sufficiently aware of the
surrounding circumstances and share the object for it properly to be said that
they were acting in concert at the time of the acts complained of” (Kuwait Oil
Tanker Co SAK v Al Bader [2000] 2 All ER (Comm) 271 at [111], cited in EFT
Holdings at [113]).

128 In Ok Tedi (PNGSDP), I struck out the plaintiffs’ claim against PNGSDP as
a conspirator in Conspiracy B. I found that the plaintiffs’ allegation that
PNGSDP knew that OTML had made the Share Offload Representations was without
factual basis. That left entirely unsustainable the plaintiffs’ case that
PNGSDP knew that the representations were false and therefore shared the
common agreement or object to deceive the members of the Affected Communities
(Ok Tedi (PNGSDP) at [136]). I therefore analyse Conspiracy B on the basis
that PNGSDP has been found not to be a conspirator.

129 The remaining alleged conspirators in Conspiracy B are OTML, Sir Mekere
and the State. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PASOC at para 136.

The plaintiffs’ case is that OTML, Sir Mekere and the State combined to carry
out OTML’s deceit of the members of the Affected Communities 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PASOC at para 136(i).

knowing that the Share Offload Representations were made and were false. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PASOC at paras 136(c) and 136(h).

130 The first point I make is that the plaintiffs’ pleaded case on Conspiracy
B fails to identify the specific individuals in OTML who entered into the
combination. As OTML points out, 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

1DS at paras 341 and 344.

for a corporate entity to be “fixed with the requisite intention or state of
mind, it is necessary to pinpoint some human actor with that state of mind and
to determine whether…that state of mind also counts as the company’s” (The
Dolphina [2012] 1 SLR 992 at [205]). All that the plaintiffs can do in the
PASOC is to refer to unidentified “CRO teams” making the alleged Share Offload
Representations on behalf of OTML. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

PASOC at para 32.

That does not suffice.

131 Further, the plaintiffs’ plea is that OTML, Sir Mekere and the State
shared the common agreement and object to deceive the members of the Affected
Communities into discontinuing the 2000 Class Action and abandoning their
claims against OTML, BHP Group and BHP Minerals. The pleaded basis for this
allegation is that: 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

PASOC at para 136(a)–136(c), 136(f).

(a) Sir Mekere was the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea when the Share
Offload Representations were made.

(b) The State and Sir Mekere were involved in negotiating with OTML the manner
in which the members of the Affected Communities should be compensated for the
environmental damage caused by the Mine;

(c) Sir Mekere and the State were aware that the Share Offload Representations
had been made to the members of the Affected Communities and that the Share
Offload Representations were false; and

(d) Sir Mekere and the State were involved in and aware of the Shared Benefits
Arrangement and the Security Arrangements.

132 OTML accepts that representatives of the State did correspond with it
about Mine continuation and the management of the environmental damage caused
by the Mine. It also accepts that representatives of the State “attended some
consultations with communities”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 167 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

But, it argues that the State had no control over, or significant involvement
in, OTML’s decision-making process in carrying out the Consultation Programme.
163

##### Foot Note 163

×

1DS at para 349; CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 167 (BCP Vol I, Tab 2).

Accordingly, OTML submits that there is no “basis for pleading that the late
Sir Mekere and the State were even aware that the Share Offload
Representations were made by OTML” [emphasis in original in italics]. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

1DS at para 349.

133 I accept OTML’s submission. There is no evidence that Sir Mekere or the
State were involved in OTML’s decision to make the Share Offload
Representations to the members of the Affected Communities. And it does not
follow from the State’s involvement in the Consultation Programme that Sir
Mekere and the State knew that OTML had decided to do so or that it had in
fact done so. The plaintiffs’ case that Sir Mekere or the State were in any
way involved in or aware of OTML’s decision to make the Share Offload
Representations to the members of the Affected Communities is utterly bereft
of any evidence.

134 The plaintiffs’ response to this point is set out in the fifth affidavit
of Samson Jubi (“Mr Jubi”). Mr Jubi is a consultant to the first plaintiff.
His evidence is that the State was “heavily involved” in the Consultation
Programme. As evidence of this, he refers to a letter dated 15 February 2000
issued by the State’s Minister for Mining and Bougainville Affairs to leaders
of communities in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea (“the 15 February
2000 Letter”). 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

SJ’s 5th Affidavit at para 145; CJC’s 1st Affidavit at para 56 (BCP Vol I, Tab
2).

By the 15 February 2000 Letter, the State directed that “government officers
and OTML…work together and carry out [the Consultation Programme] throughout
the affected areas of Western Province”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at p 1801 (BCP Vol III at p 1808).

These consultations were targeted at “all groups in [the] Western Province who
will be affected by mine continuation or mine closure.” 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at p 1800 (BCP Vol III at p 1807).

135 On the basis of this letter, Mr Jubi avers that Conspiracy B should be
permitted to go to trial: 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

SJ’s 5th Affidavit at para 146 (BCP Vol X at p 5424).

I believe there would likely have been communication between [OTML] and the
State over the manner in which the Affected Communities should be compensated
for the damage caused by the Environmental Disaster. This would have at least
extended to whether the Affected Communities would be compensated under both
the CMCA compensation schemes and separately with an interest in the Shares as
promised by the Share Offload Representations.

[emphasis added]

136 This is pure speculation. Even taking into account Mr Jubi’s affidavit,
there is no evidence that Sir Mekere and the State were involved in or aware
that OTML had decided to make or had made the Share Offload Representations to
the members of the Affected Communities. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

1DS at para 349.

137 The 15 February 2000 Letter does not at all suggest that OTML told Sir
Mekere and the State of its decision to make the Share Offload Representations
(before the fact), or that the representations had been made (after the fact).
All that the letter confirms is the State’s interest in whether the Mine
should continue or close. The letter states explicitly that the State will use
the “full report on the outcome” of the Consultation Programme to make its
decision about the future of the Mine. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at p 1801 (CP Vol III at p 1808).

It is a wholly speculative leap to move from that to assert that the State was
involved in the Consultation Programme to the extent of being kept abreast of
the representations that OTML had decided to make or did make to the members
of the Affected Communities on the ground in the course of the Consultation
Programme.

138 Further still, if the State were indeed involved in the compensation
arrangements OTML was going to make for the Affected Communities, it is pure
speculation to suggest that OTML told the State about both the CMCAs and the
Share Offload Representations either while the Consultation Programme was
ongoing or when OTML reported to the State at the conclusion of the
Consultation Programme. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

CJC’s 1st Affidavit at p 1801 (BCP Vol III at p 1808).

As the plaintiffs accept, “the Shares do not form part of the compensation
under the CMCAs payable by [OTML] to the Affected Communities for
environmental damage”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

SJ’s 5th Affidavit at paras 26, 54, 68 (BCP Vol X at pp 5383, 5395, 5399).

The Share Offload Representations and the CMCAs are therefore two distinct
forms of compensation from two distinct sources and for two distinct purposes.
Mr Jubi even recognises that the Share Offload Representations are
“effectively compensation from BHP” [emphasis added], not OTML. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

SJ’s 5th Affidavit at para 68 (BCP Vol X at p 5399).

This distinction holds true even if the plaintiffs’ case is that both forms of
compensation together form a single compensation “package”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Transcript, 20 August 2021, p 83:1–14.

Given this distinction, Mr Jubi’s belief that OTML was likely to have
discussed both the CMCAs and the Share Offload Representations with the State
is not just speculation, it is baseless speculation.

139 In addition, the direction in the 15 February 2000 Letter to government
officers and OTML to work together to conduct the Consultation Programme does
not suffice to save Conspiracy B from being struck out. The plaintiffs have
not pointed to a shred of evidence that any government officer actually knew
that OTML had decided to or had actually made the Share Offload
Representations. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

1DS at para 206.

140 In these circumstances, the allegation that either Sir Mekere or the State
knew of the Share Offload Representations is pure speculation. Because the
alleged combination in Conspiracy B is predicated on Sir Mekere and the State
having this knowledge, the pleading of a combination to found Conspiracy B
obviously unsustainable.

Intention to injure

141 I also accept OTML’s submission that the plaintiffs’ plea that the alleged
conspirators had any intention to injure the members of the Affected
Communities is wholly speculative and obviously unsustainable.

142 Taking the plaintiffs’ case at its highest, their case is that Sir Mekere
and the State came to know about the Share Offload Representations in the
course of their communications with OTML during the Consultation Programme
about OTML’s intended arrangements to compensate the members of the Affected
Communities for the environmental damage caused by the Mine. That was in fact
expressly pleaded as part of the plaintiffs’ case until the plaintiffs deleted
that averment by amendment in the PASOC. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

PASOC, deleted para 134(c) on page 87.

As OTML points out, the plaintiffs cannot at the same time allege that OTML
was involved in a conspiracy to cause damage to the members of the Affected
Communities by unlawful means while also advancing a case that Sir Mekere, the
State and OTML were communicating about conferring an ex gratia benefit on the
members of the Affected Communities. The plaintiffs appear to be approaching
the failure to confer an ex gratia benefit as some sort of injury or loss
recognised at common law as sufficient foundation for a claim in conspiracy.
There is no legal basis for that approach.

143 For these reasons also, Conspiracy B is obviously unsustainable and is
struck out.

Conspiracies C and D

144 I turn now to consider Conspiracies C and D. It is convenient to take them
together.

145 Conspiracy C is pleaded as a conspiracy between OTML, PNGSDP, Sir Mekere
and the State to cause OTML to breach the fiduciary duties it allegedly owed
to the members of the Affected Communities (see [77] above) and thereby: (a)
to cause them to discontinue the 2000 Class Action and abandon their claims
against OTML, BHP Group and/or BHP Minerals; and (b) to deprive the members of
the Affected Communities of a beneficial interest in the Shares and
Distributions. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PASOC at para 136A.

Like Conspiracy B, Conspiracy C is also said to have caused the members of the
Affected Communities to suffer loss which is equivalent to the damages they
would have secured in the 2000 Class Action. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PASOC at para 136D.

146 Conspiracy D is pleaded as a conspiracy between OTML and PNGSDP to cause
PNGSDP to breach the fiduciary duties it allegedly owed to the members of the
Affected Communities. The plaintiffs plead further that PNGSDP did in fact
breach its fiduciary duties by making two specific investments for the sole
benefit of the Mine, and not for the benefit of the members of the Affected
Communities. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PASOC at paras 136J–136L.

147 OTML’s and PNGSDP’s breaches of these fiduciary duties are the unlawful
acts for both Conspiracy C and Conspiracy D. I have held in this judgment that
OTML was not an ad hoc fiduciary for the members of the Affected Communities
and therefore never owed them any fiduciary duties. I made the same finding in
respect of PNGSDP in Ok Tedi (PNGSDP) (at [105]). There are therefore no
unlawful acts to sustain Conspiracy C and Conspiracy D.

148 Both Conspiracy C and Conspiracy D are obviously unsustainable and are
struck out.

Conclusion on conspiracy claims

149 In summary, all of the plaintiffs’ claims against OTML in conspiracy are
struck out as being obviously unsustainable.

Conclusion

150 For all of the foregoing reasons, I have struck out the plaintiffs’ claims
in equity and in the tort of conspiracy against OTML. As I observed in Ok Tedi
(PNGSDP) at [182], the plaintiffs appear to have approached the PASOC as a
box-ticking exercise, in which to plead each of the constituent elements of
their claims against PNGSDP regardless of the available evidence. That
approach did not save the plaintiffs’ claims against PNGSDP. That approach has
not saved their claims against OTML either.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge of the High Court

Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Ong Pei Ching, Veluri Hari, David Aw Jingwei and Ng Rui
Wen

(TSMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs;

Cavinder Bull SC, Adam Muneer Yusoff Maniam, Chua Xyn Yee and Liu Siew Rong
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the first defendant;

The second to fifth defendants absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 05 May 2023 (17:27 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

