Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 215

Suit No 682 of 2014

Between

| HQH Capital Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Chen Liping  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISIOn

[Civil Procedure — Interim orders]

[Civil Procedure — Judgments and orders — Enforcement]

[Civil Procedure — Stay of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
HQH Capital Ltd

  
v

  

Chen Liping

[2022] SGHC 215

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 682 of 2014 (Summons No 1314 of
2022)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
30 June 2022

12 September 2022

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 Initially a creature born of English law, Tomlin Orders have since found a
place in local jurisprudence – and especially in this particular case, which
concerned a Tomlin Order recorded on 9 May 2016 as a result of the parties’
agreement to settle their dispute in suit no 682 of 2014 (“Suit 682”).

2 This case surfaced questions on the nature and effect of Tomlin Orders. I
heard the parties on 30 June 2022 and allowed the plaintiff’s application
under summons no 1314 of 2022 (“SUM 1314”).

Facts

3 The plaintiff, HQH Capital Limited (“HQH”), is a company providing corporate
advisory services and was incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin
Islands. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1.

The defendant, Ms Chen Liping (“Ms Chen”), is a director of Pavillon Holdings
Ltd (“PHL”), a company incorporated under the laws of Singapore. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 2; Defence (Amendment No. 1) (“Defence”) at para 3.

Suit 682

4 The dispute essentially arose over two agreements which Ms Chen had entered
into in 2014. According to Ms Chen, she had required a short-term loan of $2m
to pay for placement shares in PHL. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence at paras 6–7.

It was undisputed that on 15 March 2014, a friend had introduced Ms Chen to Mr
Ang Kheng Hui (“Mr Ang”), 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence at paras 7–8; Reply (Amendment No. 2) (“Reply”) at para 5.

the chief executive officer of HQH. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ang Kheng Hui’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at para 1.

Mr Ang in turn introduced Ms Chen to Mr Lee Chia Chee (“Mr Lee”), 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence at para 9; Reply at para 6.

a director and the sole shareholder of HQH. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lee Chia Chee’s AEIC at para 1.

It was also undisputed that the first agreement had been entered into on or
about 16 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence at para 15.

or 17 March 2014 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Reply at para 6(j).

(“the Principal Agreement”), that Mr Lee had given Ms Chen a cheque for $2 m
on 17 March 2014 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence at para 18; Reply at para 6(m).

and that the Principal Agreement had been amended by way of a supplementary
agreement on or about 7 April 2014 (“the Supplementary Agreement”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 3; Defence at para 4.

5 Where the parties differed was regarding the purpose and intended effect of
the Principal and Supplementary Agreements. HQH’s position was that the
Principal and Supplementary Agreements were call option agreements whereby Ms
Chen would grant HQH a call option (“the Call Option”) to purchase shares
(“the Option Shares”) in PHL and receive a prepaid sum of $2m from HQH as full
consideration for the purchase price of the Option Shares. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at para 5.

Ms Chen averred, however, that Mr Ang and Mr Lee had agreed to grant her a
lump sum loan of $2m. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence at para 10.

Her position was that the Principal and Supplementary Agreements were designed
to disguise this unlicensed and illegal moneylending transaction between the
parties, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence at para 5.

and that Mr Lee had orally represented to her that the Principal and
Supplementary Agreements would not be enforced against her. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence at paras 11(c) and 21(b).

6 On 17 June 2014, HQH gave notice of its exercise of the Call Option via
email. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence at paras 26–27; SOC at paras 8-–9.

However, Ms Chen did not deliver the Option Shares to HQH. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at para 10; Defence at para 28.

7 HQH commenced this suit on 25 June 2014. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See Writ of Summons for S 682/2014 dated 25 June 2014.

Ms Chen pleaded the defence of illegality as well as the defence of estoppel
by convention and/or conduct. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence at para 33.

On 27 June 2014, HQH obtained an ex parte Mareva injunction against Ms Chen
which, inter alia, prohibited her from removing from Singapore or dealing with
assets up to the value of $3,999,930 (“the Mareva Injunction”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See SUM 3170/2014 filed 27 June 2014; ORC 4214/2014 dated 27 June 2014.

The two Tomlin Orders

8 On 20 August 2015, on the application of the parties, Justice George Wei
granted an order by consent that all further proceedings between HQH and Ms
Chen be stayed except for the purpose of carrying into effect the terms set
forth in the Schedule to the order (“the first Tomlin Order”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See ORC 5534/2015 dated 20 August 2015; Affidavit of Lee Chia Chee dated 24
March 2022 at LCC-24 pp 10–13.

These terms had been agreed to by HQH and Ms Chen. Pursuant to the Schedule of
the first Tomlin Order:

(a) Ms Chen was to pay $500,000 to HQH by 22 August 2015.

(b) Ms Chen was to pay $2,350,000 to HQH by 28 August 2015.

(c) In the event that Ms Chen failed to make either payment within the
stipulated time, HQH was at liberty to enter final judgment against her for
the liquidated sum of $3,250,000 (less any payments already paid to HQH), and
Ms Chen was to consent to final judgment being entered against her by HQH for
this sum.

(d) In the event that the total sum paid by 28 August 2015 did not exceed
$2,000,000, HQH was at liberty to apply for an order of committal against Ms
Chen.

(e) After both payments had been received by HQH, HQH was to apply to
discharge the Mareva Injunction and to apply to discontinue this suit on terms
that there be no order as to costs.

9 Ms Chen defaulted on the terms in the Schedule to the first Tomlin Order. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022 at para 6; Chen Liping’s
affidavit dated 11 May 2022 at para 53.

HQH began committal proceedings (“the Committal Proceedings”) against Ms Chen
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See SUM 4278/2015 filed 31 August 2015.

with respect to alleged breaches of the Mareva Injunction. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 31 August 2015 at paras 8–10, 13.

10 Ms Chen and HQH entered into further negotiations. On 9 May 2016, again on
the application of both parties, Justice George Wei granted an order by
consent (“the Revised Tomlin Order”) that all further proceedings against Ms
Chen be stayed except for the purpose of carrying into effect the terms in the
Schedule to the Revised Tomlin Order. The Schedule to the Revised Tomlin Order
stipulated that: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See ORC 2926/2016 dated 9 May 2016.

(a) The total amount payable by Ms Chen to HQH was $3m, of which $498,000 had
already been paid by Ms Chen.

(b) Ms Chen was to pay the remaining sum of $2,502,000 in three instalments –
30 days, 60 days and 90 days respectively, after the discharge of the Mareva
Injunction.

(c) In the event that Ms Chen failed to make any of these three instalment
payments, HQH was entitled to enter judgment against Ms Chen for $3.25m (less
any sums already paid) and legal costs of $50,000.

(d) In the event that Ms Chen failed to pay any of the above instalments or
breached any other terms of the Revised Tomlin Order, Ms Chen’s property at
Tamarind Road was to be put up for sale.

(e) After the Revised Tomlin Order was registered with the Singapore Land
Authority against the Tamarind Road property, HQH was to apply to court to
withdraw the Committal Proceedings and discharge the Mareva Injunction.

11 The summons for a Committal Order was withdrawn on 26 May 2016. Pursuant to
a summons by consent filed by HQH, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See SUM 2625/2016 filed 30 May 2016.

the Mareva Injunction was also discharged on 29 June 2016. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See ORC 4318/2016 dated 29 June 2016.

Deed of Agreement and Addendum to Deed of Agreement

12 Subsequently, Ms Chen requested for an extension of time to make payments
to HQH as Innovative Corporation Pte Ltd (“Innovative”), a company in which
she was a director, was engaged in another High Court suit (“the Innovative
lawsuit”). The parties agreed on an extension of time till 31 May 2019 and
crystallised their agreement by way of a Deed of Agreement dated 24 October
2018. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022 at paras 12–14; LCC-24 at pp
68–73.

Clauses 1 and 5 of the Deed of Agreement were especially relevant to this
application: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022, LCC-24 at pp 69–70.

1\. HQH will withhold entering judgment on the Tomlin Order and enforcement of
payment of the Outstanding Sum against [Ms Chen] upon the completion of the
following events:

i. Innovative warranting to pay HQH the Outstanding Sum as provided in this
Agreement from the amount that it will recover either pursuant to a final
judgment obtained in the Suit against Victor Ow or by way of an out of court
settlement in respect thereof; and

ii. [Ms Chen] shall procure l5% of the total share capital of Innovative to be
transferred to HQH or HQH's representative at a consideration of S$1.00, free
from any encumbrances and HQH shall be entitled to all the rights and
entitlement as a shareholder of such shares.

…

5\. HQH shall within seven days of [Ms Chen] having fulfilled the conditions
set out in 1(i) and l(ii) of this Agreement file a Notice of Discontinuance
(NOD) of the said Suit and notwithstanding the filing of the NOD, all of HQH's
rights under the said Suit shall be deemed transferred and subsumed under this
Agreement and [Ms Chen] shall not dispute the claim by HQH on the Outstanding
Sum is the amount due and owing by [Ms Chen] under the said Suit, as provided
in this Agreement.

13 On 24 April 2019, the parties entered into an Addendum to the Deed of
Agreement (“the Addendum”) to clarify provisions of the Deed of Agreement. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022, LCC-24 at p 72.

Essentially, the Addendum stated that Ms Chen agreed to pay a time premium
cost of S$1,600,000 to HQH as consideration for HQH not enforcing the Tomlin
Order on Ms Chen so that she could focus on the Innovative lawsuit. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022, LCC-24 at pp 72–73.

Summons to enter final judgment

14 It is not disputed that Ms Chen had paid a total of S$1,795,725.54 towards
her debt. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022 at para 12; Chen Liping’s
affidavit dated 11 May 2022 at paras 63–64.

15 On 25 March 2022, HQH filed a summons to enter judgment under summons no
1314 of 2022 (“SUM 1314”). HQH applied for the following orders:

(a) Final judgment to be entered against Ms Chen on the Revised Tomlin Order
dated 9 May 2016 for the sum of $1,454,274.46 (being the sum of $3.25m less
sums paid by Ms Chen to date), along with interest thereon and on all late
instalment payments at the aggregate sum of $496,816.88 (as at 31 March 2022
and continuing).

(b) Ms Chen to pay HQH costs of $50,000 pursuant to cl c of the Schedule to
the Revised Tomlin Order dated 9 May 2016. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See SUM 1314/2022 filed 25 March 2022.

Parties’ cases in SUM 1314

16 Ms Chen opposed HQH’s application on several grounds. Firstly, she
contended that the Revised Tomlin Order was invalid as the court was functus
officio after it made the first Tomlin Order on 20 August 2015. Therefore the
court had no power to make the Revised Tomlin Order on 9 May 2016. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 15(1), 20–21, 34–38, 45–49.

In agreeing for the Revised Tomlin Order to be granted, the parties (and,
presumably, the judge as well) had been labouring under a mistake of law which
vitiated the Revised Tomlin Order. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 47 and 49.

Ms Chen further submitted that she had consented to the terms in the Schedule
to the first Tomlin Order and the Revised Tomlin Order under economic and
psychological duress, and that the recorded terms were onerous, extortionate
and penal. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 22–24, 63–75.

17 Next, Ms Chen submitted that she was not legally represented when she
signed the Deed of Agreement. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 93–94.

18 Lastly, Ms Chen submitted that the Principal and Supplementary Agreements
were unenforceable agreements which concealed an illegal money-lending
transaction. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 16, 76–81.

19 HQH submitted that there had been no coercion of Ms Chen’s will in
procuring her consent to both Tomlin Orders 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 4.5.

and no application of illegitimate commercial pressure, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 4.6.

and that Ms Chen had made a considered decision to consent to the two Tomlin
Orders with the benefit of legal advice. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 4.6.6, 4.7 and 4.8.

HQH also contended that Ms Chen’s allegations and defences in respect of the
Principal and Supplementary Agreements were irrelevant to the enforcement of
the Revised Tomlin Order, and Ms Chen should not be allowed a second bite of
the cherry by relitigating issues on which the parties had agreed to a full
and final settlement. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 3.1–3.2.

Issues in this Suit

20 This application boiled down to three main issues:

(a) Whether the Revised Tomlin Order was validly granted.

(b) Whether agreements subsequent to the Revised Tomlin Order, ie, the Deed of
Agreement and the Addendum, would prevent HQH from succeeding in its
application.

(c) Whether the Revised Tomlin Order should be set aside.

21 On a preliminary note, I found that the arguments canvassed with respect to
the Principal and Supplementary Agreements were not relevant to the court’s
consideration as they concerned issues pertaining to the main dispute in this
suit instead. HQH relied on the rule in Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare
100 (“the Henderson rule”) and its application in Venkatraman Kalyanaraman v
Nithya Kalyani and others [2016] 4 SLR 1365 (“Venkatraman”) to argue that Ms
Chen could no longer bring forth contentions pertaining to the circumstances
under which the Principal and Supplementary Agreements were entered into.

22 As explained in Venkatraman (at [25]), the Henderson rule, also known as
the extended doctrine of res judicata, “operates to preclude litigants in
later proceedings from raising points not previously decided because they were
not raised in the earlier proceedings, even though they could and should have
been raised in those proceedings”. Hoo Sheau Peng JC (as she then was) went on
to explain (at [33]) that:

… it is evident that the Henderson rule may be engaged when the earlier
proceedings concluded amicably, be it by way of a consent judgment or order
issued by the court … or where the settlement agreement was entered into
privately, without being embodied in a court judgment or order …

23 Applying the Henderson rule and Venkatraman, Ms Chen’s concerns about the
enforceability and validity of the Principal and Supplementary Agreements were
matters which should have been litigated at trial. Since the effect of the two
Tomlin Orders was that proceedings had since been stayed, if Ms Chen truly
intended to pursue her complaints vis-à-vis the Principal and Supplementary
Agreements, she should have made an application for the stay to be lifted so
that these matters could be heard at trial. Given that she had opted to settle
the dispute, it was not for her to now reopen these matters before this court
in relation to an application for final judgment on the Revised Tomlin Order.

Issue 1: Validity of the Revised Tomlin Order

Nature and effect of Tomlin Orders

24 A Tomlin Order is a consent order where a court action is stayed, on
agreed-upon terms which are included in a schedule to the order. This order
takes its name from the order made by Justice Tomlin in Dashwood v Dashwood
[1927] WN 276. In that case, Justice Tomlin held that when an order was made
by consent staying an action on terms set out in a schedule to the order, the
terms in the schedule were not an order of the court which ought directly to
be enforced via proceedings for contempt. The proper course where one of the
parties had failed to comply with the terms was instead to apply for specific
performance or an injunction: at 277.

25 In essence, there are three key elements which characterise Tomlin orders:
the furnishing of agreed-upon terms in a schedule to the order, the imposition
of a stay of proceedings so that parties may carry out the settlement, and the
preservation of the power of the court to make orders for the purpose of
compliance with the terms in the schedule. This appears to have been reflected
in local practice: Singapore Court Practice 2017 vol 2 (Jeffrey Pinsler SC ed)
(LexisNexis, 2017) at para 42/1/6:

The standard ‘Tomlin’ order is in the following form: ‘And the plaintiff and
the defendant having agreed to the terms set forth in the schedule hereto, it
is ordered that all further proceedings be stayed except for the purpose of
carrying such terms into effect.’ … The ‘Tomlin’ order is not a consent
judgment because it does not actually order the parties to carry out the terms
of the settlement. In fact, the judge is not really concerned about approving
or disapproving the terms of the settlement in these circumstances … It has
been held that the terms agreed upon may extend beyond the ambit of the
original action so that a term which could not have been enforced in respect
of the original cause of action may be given legal effect as part of the
settlement … What the order does is to impose a stay of further proceedings
which is operative as long as the terms in the schedule are observed. If any
breach is committed, the other party may apply to the court pursuant to the
qualification in the order: ‘except for the purpose of carrying such terms
into effect’. The court may then make the appropriate order requiring the
party in breach to comply with the terms of the agreement. (For instance, by
way of injunction or mandatory order … ) If this order is not complied with,
the aggrieved party may then initiate the procedures for enforcement (for
example, by way of committal proceedings).

26 It appears that little has been said about the nature and effect of Tomlin
Orders in local jurisprudence, save for the Court of Appeal (“CA”)’s
consideration of this species of consent order in Woo Koon Chee v Scandinavian
Boiler Service (Asia) Pte Ltd and others [2010] 4 SLR 1213 (“Woo Koon Chee”).
In Woo Koon Chee, the High Court had ordered by consent that the second, third
and/or fourth respondents purchase the appellant’s shares in the first
respondent. Following delays on the appellant’s part in complying with this
consent order, the relevant respondents applied by way of summons for a
direction that any assistant registrar and/or the Registrar of the Supreme
Court be authorised to sign the share transfer forms on the appellant’s
behalf, so as to effect completion of the sale and purchase of the shares (at
[4]). The High Court allowed the application (at [8]). On appeal, the
appellants contended that the consent order in question was not a Tomlin Order
and the original cause of action had been compromised and superseded by the
parties’ agreement (at [19]). The CA noted that it was unclear what the
appellant’s counsel’s point was in stating that the consent order was not a
Tomlin Order, and that the respondents had not suggested that it was one (at
[20]). Against this backdrop, the CA then provided clarification on the
distinct nature and effect of Tomlin Orders (at [20]):

… A Tomlin Order is a court order in the English civil justice system under
which a court action is stayed, on terms which have been agreed in advance
between the parties and which are included in a schedule to the order. It is a
form of consent order, and permits either party to apply to court to enforce
the terms of the order, avoiding the need to start fresh proceedings. …

27 The CA held that the specific consent order in that case was not, in fact,
a Tomlin Order (at [22]–[23]):

22 It was obvious that the Consent Order was not a Tomlin Order. It did not
contain the essential characteristic of that order. The position here was that
the terms of the settlement between the Appellant and the Relevant Respondents
were in fact incorporated into the Consent Order, unlike what is usually
countenanced under a Tomlin Order … – a separate schedule to the order,
furnishing the precise terms that parties have agreed to. As stated at [15]
above, the present Consent Order did not countenance any external “terms”
listed in a schedule annexed to it to be enforced by applying to the judge who
recorded the order.

23 Here, the Relevant Respondents were not only in agreement with the
Appellant that the Consent Order was not a Tomlin Order, they also agreed that
the original cause which they had against the Appellant in Suit No 56 of 2008
had been extinguished and merged into the compromise agreement and,
consequently, the Consent Order. While a Tomlin Order “does not actually order
the parties to carry out the terms of the settlement”, the present Consent
Order, by its very terms, set out what needed to be done by the parties – the
sale of the shares by the Appellant and the purchase by the Relevant
Respondent. There was no necessity for the Relevant Respondents, in the face
of the Appellant’s persistent non-compliance with the Consent Order, to
initiate any fresh proceedings to compel the Appellant to comply with the
Consent Order. The Consent Order was automatically enforceable in the same way
as any other judgment or order of the court may be enforced. In this regard,
the Relevant Respondents appeared correct to say that “the Consent Order is
better than a Tomlin Order as it specifically orders the parties to carry out
the terms of the settlement contained therein”.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

28 The unique duality of a Tomlin Order – part-order and part-contract – and
the implications that this duality holds for parties seeking to enforce the
order have been similarly elucidated in English case law. In Zenith Logistics
Services (UK) Ltd and others v Keates and others; UUU v BBB [2020] 1 WLR 2982
(“Zenith Logistics”), the court noted that the Tomlin Order had “long been
recognised as a useful form of order” (at [48]):

… It allows the parties to incorporate terms which the court could not order;
and it cuts out the need for separate proceedings on the compromise agreement,
if either party alleges that the terms have been broken.

29 The court held that to ask whether the schedule is part of the court order
at hand “is to set up a false dichotomy, and risks semantic confusion” (at
[59]). On one hand, the schedule is part of a court order in that it is an
integral part of a document approved, sealed and issued by the court in the
exercise of the state’s judicial power. However, when one departs from the
question of material form and instead considers the abstract question of what
the court is doing, ie, whether the schedule contains or records a direction
or imperative issued by the court in the exercise of its judicial function,
then the terms of settlement cannot be said to be part of the immediately
enforceable court order (at [59]–[60]). Rather, the terms recorded in the
schedule to a Tomlin Order amount to a contract between the parties which can
only be enforced by means of a subsequent application (at [61]).

30 In Zenith Logistics, the court considered the question of whether a
confidential schedule to a Tomlin Order is permissible. The court noted that
when parties submit an order in the classic form of a Tomlin Order, they are
not seeking to engage the court’s coercive powers, but merely seeking the
exercise of case management powers following a compromise of the claim (at
[65]). The principle of open justice does not require parties to make their
settlement agreements public, and as a rule, the court should not demand to
see a settlement agreement which the parties have designated as confidential.
The court hence held that a Tomlin Order does not represent endorsement or
approval of the terms in the schedule or a conclusion that they are
enforceable. The court normally has no business inspecting these terms unless
and until an issue is raised on an application to enforce (at [66]–[67]).

31 In Community Care North East (a partnership) v Durham County Council [2012]
1 WLR 338 (“Community Care North East”), the court refused the defendant’s
application to vary the terms of the schedule to a Tomlin Order. The court
explained that unlike terms incorporated as part of a consent order, the
schedule to a Tomlin order sets out an agreement between the parties. The
terms of the schedule are not ordered by the court. Frequently, the terms of
the agreement in the schedule are detailed and contain matters going beyond
the scope of the original dispute in the proceedings. The court held that once
parties have entered into an agreement, the ability to set aside or vary that
agreement depends on there being a remedy in relation to that contract.
Otherwise, the court is only concerned with the meaning of the agreement in
that schedule (at [24]–[26]).

32 From the authorities cited, it can be seen that the operative order in a
Tomlin Order is a stay of proceedings, with the court reserving the power,
despite such stay, to make such orders as are necessary to enforce the terms
of the schedule. The Tomlin Order does not mandate the performance of any term
in the schedule, which operates merely as a record of the terms of the
parties’ contractual agreement. It is only when the parties are deadlocked in
relation to the performance of the terms in the schedule that the court may,
upon application of any party and in exercise of the powers reserved to the
court, make orders to enforce compliance of those terms.

Sub-issue 1: Whether the first Tomlin Order curtailed the court’s power to
lift the stay

33 Counsel for Ms Chen took the position that Justice Wei, after issuing the
first Tomlin Order, was functus officio when he granted the Revised Tomlin
Order, save as to the power to enforce the terms of the Schedule or to clarify
or correct the terms of its orders. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 34–36.

At the hearing, counsel for Ms Chen further posited that the issuance of the
first Tomlin Order curtailed the court’s powers to lift the stay for the
purposes of granting the Revised Tomlin Order. The crux of counsel’s
submission was that insofar as the first Tomlin Order had allowed for
proceedings to be stayed, this meant that the original proceedings had come to
an end. The only way parties could have moved forward was either to apply to
court for enforcement of the first Tomlin Order or to apply for the first
Tomlin Order to be expressly set aside.

34 With the greatest respect to counsel for Ms Chen, I did not agree with this
submission. The power of the court to stay proceedings is made under O 3 r
2(2) of the Rules of Court 2021, which provides that the court may do whatever
it considers necessary on the facts of the case before it to ensure that
justice is done or to prevent an abuse of process. A stay order means that
further proceedings in the action are not allowed unless and until the stay is
lifted. It follows that that the court has the power to lift the stay. The
first Tomlin Order does not state, nor is it a necessary implication from its
terms, that the court has no power to lift the stay.

35 There is simply no basis to suggest that the stay imposed under a Tomlin
Order should carry with it a finality that is not found in a conventional stay
of proceedings. Such a suggestion would have the absurd effect of nullifying
the meaning of a stay by making it no different from the discontinuance or
dismissal of proceedings. In Vanden Recycling Ltd v Kras Recycling BV [2017]
EWCA Civ 354, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Further Authority on Tomlin Orders.

the English Court of Appeal held that the consent order in that case was not a
Tomlin Order (at [47]). While the consent order in that case was expressed in
similar terms to a Tomlin Order and purported to stay the proceedings, there
were in fact no continuing proceedings as Vanden already had a court order
which it could enforce for the payment of its claim. If one had regard to
“what the [consent order] does rather than what it says”, the consent order in
fact amounted to a final order in respect of Vanden’s claims (at [48]–[49]).
In other words, the very nature of a stay is that it puts proceedings on
temporary hold with the possibility of resumption. A Tomlin Order, being an
order characterised by the stay it places on proceedings, simply cannot be
painted as an order which puts proceedings to their final rest.

36 I hence found that the court’s power to lift the stay of proceedings
imposed by the first Tomlin Order was not curtailed. The next question was
whether this stay had been lifted such that the Revised Tomlin Order could be
granted.

Sub-issue 2: Whether the stay had been lifted when parties appeared before
Justice Wei to seek the Revised Tomlin Order

37 Counsel for Ms Chen submitted that an express application to lift the stay
imposed by the first Tomlin Order was required. In response, counsel for HQH
forwarded two alternative lines of argument. Firstly, counsel for HQH
submitted that there was no need for the court to lift this stay before the
Revised Tomlin Order could be imposed as it merely entailed a revision of the
Schedule to the first Tomlin Order and not any change to the substance of the
order. I was of the view that this was one possible interpretation of the
effect of the Revised Tomlin Order. The first Tomlin Order was purely
consensual and the result of an agreement of the parties to resolve their
dispute in that manner. There was no reason in law or policy why the parties
could not have arrived at a subsequent agreement to substitute a new
arrangement in place of the old one to settle the matter. In Community Care
North East (at [31] above), the English High Court stated at [24] that
generally, “once the parties have entered into an agreement the ability to set
aside or vary that agreement depends on there being a remedy in relation to
that contract”. I understood this to refer to the situation in which one party
wishes to set aside or vary the agreement against the wishes of the other
side. It cannot refer to the situation where all parties consent to the
variation. Indeed, judicial policy would be to encourage this rather than to
force the parties to abide by the old agreement which, for a variety of
reasons, may have become impractical or impossible of performance.

38 Secondly and in the alternative, counsel for HQH submitted that the first
Tomlin Order need not be expressly lifted before the Revised Tomlin Order
could be granted. In fact, if parties had expressly applied to Justice Wei to
lift the stay imposed by the first Tomlin Order in order to make the Revised
Tomlin Order, he would have done so.

39 I agreed with this alternative submission and found that Justice Wei would
have lifted the stay imposed by the first Tomlin Order if this had been
necessary in order to make the Revised Tomlin Order. I saw no reason for the
proposition that it was necessary for Justice Wei to make an express order
lifting the stay imposed under the first Tomlin Order, in circumstances where
the parties had come before him to request, in full agreement, to make the
Revised Tomlin Order. To prevent the issuance of the Revised Tomlin Order on
such technical grounds would run counter to the usefulness of a Tomlin Order,
ie, to cut out the need for separate proceedings on the compromise agreement
(see above at [28]). It would also undermine the efficient exercise of the
court’s case management powers following a compromise of the claim (see above
at [30]).

40 For the foregoing reasons, I found that Justice Wei was not functus
officio when granting the Revised Tomlin Order.

Issue 2: Whether subsequent agreements had modified the Revised Tomlin Order

41 Counsel for Ms Chen submitted that the Deed of Agreement and the Addendum
were signed by Ms Chen when she was not legally represented, that the contents
had not been interpreted or explained to her in her mother tongue and that Ms
Chen did not fully understand the legal consequences and the impossibility of
securing Innovative to pay HQH proceeds from its ongoing suit. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 93–94.

HQH’s position was that Ms Chen had received assistance from her legal
advisor, had the opportunity to seek legal advice and had been comfortable
negotiating in English. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Lee Chia Chee’s further affidavit dated 16 June 2022 at paras 13–14.

42 Notwithstanding Ms Chen’s position on the circumstances under which she had
entered into the Deed of Agreement and the Addendum, the critical question for
the purposes of SUM 1314 was how these subsequent agreements interacted with
and impinged on her obligations under the Schedule to the Revised Tomlin
Order. If there was no connection between the Schedule to the Revised Tomlin
Order and these subsequent agreements in the first place, then it would not
have been necessary for this court to examine whether she had given valid
consent to the subsequent agreements or not.

43 As such, it was important to consider the contents of the Deed of Agreement
and the Addendum. As mentioned above (at [12]), cl 1 of the Deed of Agreement
stated that HQH would withhold entering judgment on the Tomlin Order and the
enforcement of outstanding payment against Ms Chen if Innovative would warrant
to pay HQH the outstanding sum and if Ms Chen would procure 15% of
Innovative’s share capital to be transferred to HQH for the consideration of
$1. Clause 5 stated that if the two conditions in cl 1 were fulfilled, HQH
would apply to discontinue this suit. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022, LCC-24 at pp 68–71.

44 As for the Addendum: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022, LCC-24 at pp 72–73.

1.1 In consideration of HQH for not enforcing the Tomlin Order on [Ms Chen],
so as to allow her time to focus on the lawsuit against Victor Ow, [Ms Chen]
agreed to pay a time premium cost of S$1,600,000 to HQH.

45 Ms Chen’s point regarding the impact of the Deed of Agreement and the
Addendum on the terms recorded in the Schedule of the Revised Tomlin Order was
at times confused. Counsel for Ms Chen appeared to suggest that the Deed of
Agreement and Addendum were intertwined with the Revised Tomlin Order as they
had made reference to the Revised Tomlin Order, such that one could not
enforce the Revised Tomlin Order without reference to the Deed of Agreement
and the Addendum. However, even though the Deed of Agreement and Addendum had
made reference to the Revised Tomlin Order, the real question was whether the
Revised Tomlin Order and/or the Schedule to it had been modified in any
binding way by such subsequent agreements entered into between HQH and Ms
Chen.

46 Insofar as cl 5 made provisions for the discontinuance of this suit, it was
the most probable clause that Ms Chen could rely on to suggest that the Deed
of Agreement had modified the terms recorded in the Schedule to the Revised
Tomlin Order. However, cl 5 required HQH to file a Notice of Discontinuance
for this suit “within seven days of [Ms Chen] having fulfilled the conditions
set out in 1(i) and l(ii) of this Agreement”. It was not disputed by Ms Chen
that these conditions in cl 1 of the Deed of Agreement had not been fulfilled.
As such, cl 5 did not come into play and was not relevant to this court’s
consideration.

47 With respect to the Addendum, it did appear that cl 1.1 obliged HQH to
refrain from enforcing the Revised Tomlin Order in return for a time premium
cost. However, Ms Chen did not take the position in her affidavit that the
Addendum was a binding agreement. Rather, she stated that it was signed by Mr
Ang for and on behalf of HQH and that his designation in HQH was not
specified. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Chen Liping’s affidavit dated 11 May 2022 at para 69; Defendant’s Written
Submissions at para 98.

In oral submissions, counsel for Ms Chen also made the point that Ms Chen did
not know the capacity in which Mr Ang had signed the Addendum. I then queried
counsel on whether Ms Chen was seeking to disclaim liability under this
agreement by saying that Mr Ang had not been authorised to sign the agreement
on HQH’s behalf. Counsel for Ms Chen, however, declined to take a firm
position on whether the Addendum was a valid agreement, despite having stated
in the written submissions that the Deed of Agreement and the Addendum were
“unenforceable, void or voidable”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 102.

48 As counsel for HQH rightly highlighted, Ms Chen had adopted a shifting
position on the validity of the agreements subsequent to the Revised Tomlin
Order. The lack of a firm position by Ms Chen as to the status of the Addendum
meant that it was unnecessary – and in fact impossible – for the court to
arrive at a conclusion as to the effect of cl 1.1 of the Addendum on the
Revised Tomlin Order. If it was Ms Chen’s case that the Addendum was an
invalid agreement, then it could not lie in her mouth to suggest that the
Revised Tomlin Order had been modified by the Addendum. If it was Ms Chen’s
case, however, that the Addendum was a valid agreement, then the argument that
the Revised Tomlin Order had been modified by the Addendum would have remained
open to her – but she would then also be bound by the obligation under cl 1.1
to pay a time premium cost of $1,600,000 to HQH. It was unsurprising that Ms
Chen did not take the position that she was bound to make this payment. In
light of her refusal to take a position on the validity of the Addendum (and
to bite the bullet with respect to the trade-offs that either position would
entail), there was no basis for the court to proceed on the basis that the
Addendum was a valid agreement.

49 As such, I did not find that the subsequent agreements to the Revised
Tomlin Order had modified the Revised Tomlin Order. Clause 5 of the Deed of
Agreement was not activated as Ms Chen had not met her obligations under cl 1
of the same Deed of Agreement. Further, Ms Chen had not taken the position
that the Addendum was valid.

50 In light of the foregoing reasons, it was not necessary for me to make a
determination on whether Ms Chen had entered the Addendum and Deed of
Agreement without proper legal representation and without mother-tongue
interpretation. However, I briefly noted that in any event, there did not
appear to be sufficient evidence to establish on a balance of probabilities
that she had been unrepresented or had not understood the Deed of Agreement
and the Addendum. Clause 8 of the Deed of Agreement in fact stated that the
respective parties had been advised to seek independent legal advice on the
agreement. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Lee Chia Chee’s affidavit dated 24 March 2022, LCC-24 at p 71.

Issue 3: Whether the terms recorded in the Revised Tomlin Order should be set
aside

51 Counsel for Ms Chen submitted that terms recorded under a Tomlin Order may
be subsequently examined by the court. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 55.

Indeed, since the schedule to a Tomlin Order is not an order of the court and
amounts to a contract between the parties, the schedule can be set aside on
the basis upon which any ordinary contract can be set aside (Watson v Sadiq
and another [2013] EWCA Civ 822 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities (Volume II) at Tab 27.

(“Watson”) at [49]–[50]).

52 In written submissions, counsel for Ms Chen submitted that the terms of the
Schedule to the Revised Tomlin Order were extortionate and oppressive. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 63–66.

I noted that at times, counsel’s written submissions on this point conflated
arguments about the Schedule to the Revised Tomlin Order and arguments about
the Principal and Supplementary Agreements; as mentioned above at [21]–[23],
arguments on the latter are not relevant to the present application. I also
noted that barring the irrelevant portions of the submissions, little had been
done by counsel to establish how the Schedules to either the first Tomlin
Order or the Revised Tomlin Order were void or voidable in the law of
contract.

53 Nonetheless, I proceeded to consider the terms recorded in the Schedule to
the Revised Tomlin Order. On the evidence available, I did not see any reason
to suggest that Ms Chen had entered into the settlement agreement under
illegitimate pressure. In her affidavit, Ms Chen’s evidence was that she had
been “financially crippled by the Mareva Injunction and under tremendous
economic and psychological pressure with the threat of imprisonment if [she]
breached the [i]njunction orders” and hence consented to the two Tomlin
Orders. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Chen Liping’s affidavit dated 11 May 2022 at paras 44 and 59.

The economic and psychological pressure to which she alluded appeared to be
the ordinary pressures of a lawsuit faced by litigants when compelled to
comply with interlocutory orders in the lead-up to trial. Further, Ms Chen did
not deny that she had been legally represented when agreeing to the two Tomlin
Orders. I hence saw no basis on which she could say that the contractual
agreement recorded in the Schedule to the Revised Tomlin Order was void for
duress.

Conclusion

54 For the above reasons, I found that the Revised Tomlin Order had been
validly granted.

55 Therefore, in exercise of the powers reserved under the Revised Tomlin
Order to make orders for the purpose of carrying out the terms of the
Schedule, I ordered that:

(a) Final Judgment be entered against Ms Chen on the Revised Tomlin Order
dated 9 May 2016 for the sum of $1,454,274.46 (being the sum of $3.25m less
sums paid by Ms Chen to date), along with interest thereon and on all late
instalment payments at the aggregate sum of $496,816.88 (as at 31 March 2022
and continuing).

(b) Ms Chen to pay HQH costs of $50,000 pursuant to clause (c) of the Schedule
to the Revised Tomlin Order dated 9 May 2016.

56 Counsel for Ms Chen requested for a stay of my order pending appeal as he
wished to take instructions from his client on whether to appeal. Counsel for
HQH objected as much time had lapsed since the Tomlin Order had been made. I
agreed with counsel for HQH that this much prolonged matter should not be
delayed further without adequate justification. As counsel for Ms Chen was
unable to confirm that he had instructions to appeal, there was no basis for a
stay. Hence I dismissed the application for a stay pending appeal.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court| |   
---|---|---  
  
Gabriel Choo Wei Liang, Tan Wee Tim Cheryl and Trent Ng Yong En (Kalco Law
LLC) for the plaintiff;

Michael Khoo Kah Lip SC and Josephine Low (Michael Khoo & Partners) and Andy
Chiok (AM Legal LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Sep 2022 (10:33 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

