Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 63

Suit No 86 of 2022

(Summons No 416 of 2022)

Between

Shinhan Investment Corporation

… Plaintiff

And

1\. Yap Shi Wen

2\. Crystal Cove Holdings Private Limited

3\. Elumi Events Pte Ltd

4\. Fundnel Pte Ltd

5\. Aurora Grand Limited

… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Mareva Injunctions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shinhan Investment Corp

  
v

  

Yap Shi Wen and others

[2022] SGHC 63

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 86 of 2022 (Summons No 416 of
2022)  
Choo Han Teck J  
15 March 2022

23 March 2022.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, Shinhan Investment Corporation, is a corporation incorporated
under the laws of the Republic of Korea. The first defendant, Yap Shi Wen
(“Yap”), is a Singapore citizen. The second defendant, Crystal Cove Holdings
Pte Ltd, and the third defendant, Elumi Events Pte Ltd, are both incorporated
in Singapore. At all material times, Yap was the sole shareholder and director
of the second and third defendants. The fourth defendant, Fundnel Pte Ltd
(“Fundnel”), is a private investment company incorporated in Singapore that
assists private companies selling their shares through a network of
institutional and accredited investors. The fifth defendant, Aurora Grand
Limited, referred to as “Aurora BVI” (“Aurora BVI”) by counsel, is a company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

2 The plaintiff applies in Summons 416 of 2022, for a worldwide Mareva
Injunction against the first three defendants.

3 Between March 2019 and June 2019, the plaintiff entered into a series of
transactions to acquire 412,884 Series C Preferred Stock of WeWork Companies
Inc (“the WeWork Shares”). The WeWork shares were purportedly held by Oasis
Buona Limited (“Oasis”), a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, which
was wholly owned by Aurora BVI.

4 The acquisition was brokered by Fundnel. The parties agreed that an
intermediary, SC Global Vision Fund SPC (“South China”), would be used to
purchase the shares on behalf of the plaintiff. South China is an exempted
segregated portfolio company incorporated in the Cayman Islands.

5 Under the agreed transactional structure, the plaintiff would subscribe for,
and be the sole holder of, Class A participating shares in one of the
segregated portfolios of South China (“the Fund”). The Fund would in turn
purchase 100% of the shareholding of Oasis held by Aurora BVI for a total
consideration of US$13,625,172 (“the Purchase Price”). The parties also
entered into an Escrow Agreement which provided that the Fund shall an amount
equivalent to the purchase price with Oxon Law LLC (“Oxon Law”), a law
practice incorporated in Singapore.

6 Pursuant to the agreed transactional structure, the plaintiff remitted the
purchase price of US$13,625,172 through its proxy, South China, to Aurora BVI.
However, Aurora BVI subsequently refused to register the transfer of the Oasis
shares with the Cayman Registry.

7 On or around 27 February 2020, South China commenced legal proceedings
before the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands (“the Cayman Court”) by way of
FSD 39 of 2020 (“FSD 39”) to rectify Oasis’s Register of Members (“ROM”).
Shortly after the filing of FSD 39, Aurora BVI commenced arbitral proceedings
against the Fund by way of ICC Case No 25310/HTG (“ICC Arbitration”), alleging
that the Fund conspired with other parties to defraud Aurora BVI. Aurora BVI
then applied for a stay of FSD 39 in favour of arbitration. This was dismissed
by the Cayman Courts on the ground that “there was no real or substantial
dispute to be referred” to arbitration.

8 After the dismissal of the stay, the ICC Arbitration was discontinued by
reason of Aurora BVI’s non-payment of the requisite advance on costs. The
plaintiff says that the ICC Arbitration was a deliberate attempt to delay and
frustrate FSD 39 and these dilatory and obstructive tactics were performed on
the instructions of Yap, the sole shareholder of Oasis and Aurora BVI.

9 Pursuant to the Order of the Cayman Court, Oasis’ corporate registry was
amended to reflect the change of ownership of Oasis shares. After further
inquiries by the plaintiff, it eventually came to light that the WeWork Shares
were not in fact owned by Oasis.

10 The plaintiff then took steps to uncover the whereabouts of the wrongfully-
dissipated funds. Pursuant to pre-action discovery, the plaintiff discovered
the existence of a Second Escrow Agreement, purportedly entered into between
Fundnel, Aurora BVI, and Oxon Law. The plaintiff says that the Second Escrow
Agreement was signed by Yap on behalf of Aurora BVI, and that Yap instructed
Oxon Law to remit the sum of $3,303,072 to Fundnel.

11 The plaintiff says that the remaining sum of US$10,322,100 was initially
remitted to a Maybank Account held by Aurora Singapore, a sole proprietorship
owned by Yap, but was subsequently emptied out on Yap’s express instructions.
The details are as follows:

(a) Between 13 July 2019 and 19 June 2020, the total sum of US$3,459,569.10
was transferred from the Maybank Account to the second defendant.

(b) Between 17 July December 2019 and 20 February 2021, the total sum of
US$5,464,280.67 was transferred from the Maybank Account to the third
defendant.

(c) Between 2 July 2019 and 19 February 2021, the total sum of US$1,118,654.49
was transferred from the Maybank Account to another Maybank account bearing
account number 4011130965, held by Yap’s sole proprietorship, Aurora Grand STL
AC (“Aurora Singapore”).

(d) On or around 23 February 2021, the Maybank Account held by Aurora
Singapore was emptied of all funds and closed. Aurora Singapore ceased
registration on 31 March 2021.

12 On these grounds, the plaintiff says that it has been defrauded and its
assets dissipated by a complex web of companies incorporated and controlled by
Yap. This is especially when the second and third defendants were incorporated
by Yap just prior to the transactions. The plaintiff, therefore, seeks a
worldwide Mareva injunction against the first to third defendants to prevent
them from further dissipating their assets to frustrate a court judgment in
the plaintiff’s favour.

13 The defendant’s main defence is that Yap is a mere nominee shareholder and
director of Aurora BVI who only acted in accordance with the instruction of
his principal and thus had no knowledge about the fraudulent transactions. I
am unable to accept this self-serving declaration in the context of the
evidence adduced so far on the affidavits. Such mere assertions cannot assist
Yap when the facts before me suggest that fraud has clearly been perpetrated
against the plaintiff. Furthermore, I am not convinced the Yap’s involvement
was entirely innocuous. When Aurora BVI was incorporated on 17 April 2019 with
Yap as its sole shareholder. Yap was also the sole shareholder of Oasis, the
entity which purportedly “owned” the WeWork shares which formed the subject
matter of the fraudulent transactions. Moreover, Yap was also the sole
director and shareholder of second and third defendants, which were
incorporated just prior to the transaction and used to dissipate the funds. In
the light of these circumstances, it is not likely that Yap was merely a
nominee who had no knowledge of the transactions at all. At the very least, a
credible explanation supported by evidence is required, but Yap had not
produced any.

14 The defendant also says that the plaintiff has no standing to sue because
the plaintiff is claiming as a shareholder of South China and that Yap’s
representations, if any, were made to South China, not the plaintiff.

15 I disagree. South China is merely an intermediary in the transaction that
acted on the instructions of the plaintiff to acquire WeWork shares for the
plaintiff. Furthermore, South China has entered into an Assignment Agreement
with the plaintiff on 19 December 2021, under which South China assigned to
the plaintiff “any cause of action available at law and in equity that [South
China] may have against any third party arising out of, or otherwise in
connection with, the purchase of the shares of Oasis Buono by South China”.
Therefore, contrary to the defendant’s argument, there is no risk of double-
recovery by South China.

16 For the reasons above, I am of the view that the plaintiff has a good
arguable case against the defendant. Given that the sale proceeds had already
been dissipated across various jurisdictions, including into and out of the
second and third defendants, I am of the view that there is a real risk of
dissipation of assets to frustrate a court judgment in the plaintiff’s favour.
Therefore, I granted the plaintiff order in terms. Costs reserved to trial
judge.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Daniel Tan Shi Min, Jason Leong Woon Ho and Suresh Viswanath (Shook Lin & Bok
LLP) for plaintiff  
Nichol Yeo Lai Hock, Qua Bi Qi and Zhang Jun (Solitaire LLP) for first, second
and third defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Mar 2022 (10:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

