Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL OF the REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2022] SGCA 73

Court of Appeal / Criminal Appeal No 16 of 2020  

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Miya Manik  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

  

Court of Appeal / Criminal Appeal No 26 of 2020  

Between

| Miya Manik  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

  

Court of Appeal / Criminal Motion No 21 of 2022  

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Miya Manik  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law — Complicity — Common intention]

[Criminal Law — Offences — Murder]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Miya Manik and another appeal and another matter

[2022] SGCA 73

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeals Nos 16 and 26 of 2020 and Criminal Motion
No 21 of 2022  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
11 November 2022

11 November 2022

Tay Yong Kwang JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 CA/CCA 16/2020 (“CCA 16”) and CA/CCA 26/2020 (“CCA 26”) are cross-appeals
against the decision of the High Court Judge (the “Judge”) in HC/CC 20/2019
(“CC 20”). In CC 20, the accused, Miya Manik (“Manik”) was tried on a single
charge with two alternatives, namely, a charge under s 300(c) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) (the “Original Charge”) and in the
alternative, a charge under s 300(c) of the Penal Code read with s 34 of the
Penal Code (the “Common Intention Charge”). He was acquitted on both
alternatives and was convicted instead on a charge under s 326 of the Penal
Code read with s 34 of the Penal Code (the “Substituted s 326 Charge”)
substituted by the Judge. Manik was sentenced to 15 years’ imprisonment and 15
strokes of the cane, with the imprisonment backdated to the date of his
arrest, 30 September 2016.

2 CCA 16 is the Prosecution’s appeal against the acquittal of Manik on the
Common Intention Charge. CCA 26 is Manik’s appeal against sentence on the
Substituted s 326 Charge. In addition, the Prosecution has also applied by way
of CA/CM 21/2022 (“CM 21”) to amend its petition of appeal in CCA 16 to
include the legal position clarified in Public Prosecutor v Azlin binte
Arujunah and other appeals [2022] SGCA 52 (“Azlin”) that the test set out in
Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others v Public Prosecutor [2010] 4 SLR 1119
("Daniel Vijay”) applies to dual crime scenarios while the test in Virsa Singh
v State of Punjab AIR 1958 SC 465 (“Virsa Singh”) continues to apply to single
crime scenarios. As the Judge’s decision was made in 2020 and the decision in
Azlin was delivered in July 2022, we allowed the amendment sought in CM 21.

Factual background

3 Manik, aged 27 at the material time, is a male Bangladeshi who was working
in Singapore. He was a member of a syndicate (“Syndicate 1”) that controlled
the sale of contraband cigarettes at a field at Tuas South Avenue 1 in the
latter half of 2016. Other members of Syndicate 1 included one “Aziz” and one
“Mitho”. The deceased, Munshi Abdur Rahim (“the Victim”) was a member of
another contraband cigarette syndicate (“Syndicate 2”) which was vying for
control over contraband cigarette sales at the same field. The Victim was 32
years old at the time of the incident.

4 The Victim’s tragic death occurred as a result of an incident during the
night of 24 September 2016 between members of the two rival syndicates, with
Syndicate 1 seeking to monopolise the illegal trades at the said field. After
a meeting at a canteen at around 7.00pm that night, members of Syndicate 1
proceeded towards the field, many of them armed with choppers. When they had
reached the field, one of them approached the Victim and asked him why he was
selling cigarettes in that area. Manik knew the Victim from a previous
construction project that he had worked in. Manik went to speak to the Victim
and shook his hand. One of the members of Syndicate 1 suggested that they talk
at Tuas South Avenue 6 and the group of men started moving in that direction.

5 At this point, confusion erupted. The source of the confusion was unclear.
According to one member of Syndicate 1, all of a sudden, another member, Aziz,
wielded a knife and shouted: “Let’s chop hard this son of a bitch.” He
testified that Aziz was “like that”, and that he “gets into [a] fight before
everybody … else”. According to other members of Syndicate 1, there were
shouts warning about police presence, following which people started running.

6 The Victim started running away. The evidence was that Aziz, Mitho, Manik
and a few others (all members of Syndicate 1) started chasing the Victim who
stumbled and fell. Aziz, Mitho, Manik caught up with the Victim and Mitho
kicked the Victim. The three men then attacked the Victim with choppers while
he was struggling and kicking on the ground. There were chopping motions made
by the three attackers. Somehow, the Victim managed to get up and ran away
from his attackers. The attackers did not give chase this time but turned to
run towards where they came from. This incident from the time the Victim ran
and fell up to the time he hobbled away was recorded fortuitously by a camera
installed in a bus parked nearby (the “Video Footage”). This incident was
recorded as having happened at 9.47pm for about nine seconds. As the area was
not well lit, the Video Footage could not provide clear images.

7 The Victim managed to run some distance away before he phoned the police to
report that “[p]eople chopped me with knife”. When the police and the
ambulance arrived, the Victim was lying on his back in a pool of blood, with
most of the bleeding coming from his lower left leg. He was pronounced dead at
the hospital.

8 It was not disputed that the cause of death was acute haemorrhage due to
incised wounds at the left leg and the back of the Victim. The incised wound
at the left leg was identified as the fatal injury (“the Fatal Injury”) as it
could have caused significant haemorrhage individually sufficient to cause
death in the ordinary course of nature. The wound at the Victim’s back
resulted in significant haemorrhage that contributed to death. The other
injuries were relatively superficial and did not have a significant bearing on
the death of the Victim.

9 In the meantime, Manik and several other Syndicate 1 members left in a taxi.
Several of them went to the East Coast Park to discuss the events that
happened earlier. Instead of returning to their dormitories, Manik and a few
others went to stay in a hotel in Geylang. Thereafter, Manik stayed with a
friend until his arrest on 30 September 2016 at a construction site in
Tampines.

The charges

10 Manik was tried on the following Original Charge with the Common Intention
Charge as its alternative:

That you, Miya Manik,

on 24 September 2016, at or about 9.47 pm, at the vicinity of Tuas View
Dormitory located at 70 Tuas South Avenue 1, Singapore, did commit murder by
causing the death of Munshi Abdur Rahim “the deceased”), to wit, by slashing
the deceased’s left leg with a chopper, causing the deceased to suffer, inter
alia, a 16 x 4 cm deep oblique incised wound on the proximal part of the
lateral aspect of the left leg, with intention to cause said bodily injury,
which injury is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death,
and you have thereby committed an offence under s 300(c), punishable under s
302(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

Alternatively,

on 24 September 2016, at or about 9.47 pm, at the vicinity of Tuas View
Dormitory located at 70 Tuas South Avenue 1, Singapore, together with two
unidentified males known as “Aziz” and “Mitho”, and in pursuance of the common
intention of you three, did commit murder by causing the death of Munshi Abdur
Rahim “the deceased”), to wit, by slashing the deceased’s left leg with a
chopper, causing the deceased to suffer, inter alia, a 16 x 4 cm deep oblique
incised wound on the proximal part of the lateral aspect of the left leg,
which injury is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death,
knowing it likely that such injury would be caused, and you have thereby
committed an offence under s 300(c) read with s 34 and punishable under s
302(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

11 Aziz and Mitho, the co-accused persons named in the Common Intention
Charge, were not arrested. While some members of Syndicate 1 were called to
testify, they could only relate what happened up to the point where confusion
erupted and people started to disperse. The only evidence concerning the
events leading up to the Victim running away and the attack by Manik, Aziz and
Mitho therefore came only from Manik and the Video Footage.

The Judge’s decision

12 The Judge considered the evidence and concluded that each of the three
attackers was armed with a chopper. Manik had claimed that he only had a
wooden stick with him. The Judge held that while the Video Footage showed that
it was either Aziz or Manik who inflicted the Fatal Injury, it was not clear
who it was really was. However, the Judge also found that whoever inflicted
the Fatal Injury had done so intentionally and not accidentally. As the
Prosecution could not prove beyond reasonable doubt that Manik was the one who
inflicted the Fatal Injury, the Original Charge was not proved.

13 In considering the Common Intention Charge, the Judge stated that it was
clear from Public Prosecutor v Chia Kee Chen and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR
249 that it was the common intention to inflict the particular Fatal Injury
that was crucial and it was not necessary to ascertain who struck the Fatal
Injury, so long as the court was able to infer beyond reasonable doubt that
the requisite common intention was shared by the participants. The Judge then
referred to Daniel Vijay, where the Court of Appeal held that where a
secondary offender was charged with murder under s 300(c) read with s 34 of
the Penal Code, it was necessary to consider whether there was a common
intention among all the offenders to inflict a s 300(c) injury on the Victim
(the inflicting of such injury being the criminal act which gave rise to the
offence of s 300(c) murder). The Judge held that in the context of s 300(c)
read with s 34, the requisite intention is the common intention to inflict a s
300(c) injury. She disagreed with the Prosecution’s submissions that the
common intention only needed to be to inflict the injury and the question
whether it was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death was
to be determined objectively, similar to the requirements for individual
liability under s 300(c) as set out in Virsa Singh.

14 The Judge held that the evidence suggested that there was no plan to cause
s 300(c) injury from the outset when Syndicate 1 members met earlier in the
evening of 24 September 2016. The evidence indicated that, although armed with
choppers, the members’ intention was to talk to resolve the territorial issue
over the field. If talking did not work and Syndicate 2 members fought them,
they would fight back. There was no plan to kill or to cause serious injury.
The catalyst for the attack on the Victim was also unclear. However, it was
clear that there was a plan of some sort.

15 The Judge also held that the surrounding circumstances pointed away from a
finding that the three attackers held a common intention to cause s 300(c)
injury. The medical evidence militated against a finding that the plan
(whether pre-arranged or emerging on the spot) was to inflict such injury.
Although there were ten knife wounds on the Victim, most of the injuries were
superficial or insignificant. The incised wounds were not directed at the
vulnerable parts of the body such as the head, the chest or the abdomen. Most
of the wounds were inflicted on the Victim’s limbs and back. The lack of
serious injury other than the Fatal Injury raised a reasonable doubt that
their common intention was to cause s 300(c) injury. While the Video Footage
showed large arm movements from the three attackers wielding choppers, the
objective evidence of the injuries belied the apparent ferocity of the attack.

16 The Prosecution contended that the attack was to send a message to mark
Syndicate 1’s territory. However, the Judge stated this would detract from any
intention to cause a fatal injury, because it would attract the attention of
the police and enforcement authorities to the site. The attackers simply
wished to demonstrate their force without going so far as to inflict fatal
wounds. Even if they were reckless as to whether a fatal injury would be
caused, this would be insufficient to show common intention to do so (citing
Daniel Vijay at [87]–[88]).

17 Further, the attack lasted less than nine seconds. When the Victim managed
to get up and run away, the attackers did not give chase. If their intention
was to cause s 300(c) injury, they appeared unconcerned that they had not
accomplished their objective.

18 Viewing the evidence as a whole, the Prosecution’s case that the three
attackers shared the intention to cause s 300(c) injury was a possibility but
that was insufficient to satisfy its burden of proof. Where there was a
reasonable inference that was more favourable to the accused, the court should
act in accordance with the presumption of innocence and prefer the favourable
inference. The Judge concluded that the Prosecution had not proved the common
intention to cause s 300(c) injury and therefore had not proved the Common
Intention Charge beyond reasonable doubt.

19 However, the Judge was of the view that the intention to cause grievous
hurt to the Victim was clear. Common intention could be formed on the spot,
just before the commission of the criminal act. At the very latest, the common
intention of the three attackers was formed when they gave chase and caught up
with the Victim. When the unarmed Victim fell to the ground and they started
to use their choppers, their joint action in slashing the Victim around ten
times with their choppers was sufficient to show their common intention to
cause hurt which endangered life. In that context, the Judge agreed with the
Prosecution that an inference could be drawn from the fact that they were
armed with choppers, weapons which were associated with and apt to cause
serious injury and did cause fatal injury in this case. She held that the
three attackers shared a common intention to attack the Victim with their
choppers in order to cause grievous hurt.

Amendment of charge

20 The Judge considered it appropriate to alter the Common Intention Charge to
one under s 326 read with s 34 of the Penal Code. The Substituted s 326 Charge
was in the following terms:

That you,

Miya Manik

[…]

on 24 September 2016, at or about 9.47pm, at the vicinity of Tuas View
Dormitory located at 70 Tuas South Avenue 1, Singapore, together with two
males known as “Aziz” and “Mitho”, and in furtherance of the common intention
of you all, did voluntarily cause grievous hurt by means of an instrument used
for cutting, to wit, by slashing Munshi Abdur Rahim (“the deceased”) and
inflicting, inter alia, a 16 x 4 cm deep oblique incised wound on the proximal
part of the lateral aspect of the deceased’s left leg, causing the death of
the deceased, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 326
read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap. 224, Rev. Ed. 2008)

21 The Judge held that the common intention was to inflict hurt which
endangered life, a kind of grievous hurt as set out in s 320(h) of the Penal
Code and that the grievous hurt caused was death, another kind of grievous
hurt as specified in s 320(aa) of the Penal Code. This common intention was
shown by the use of the choppers, the nature of the attack and the injuries
caused. In the context of grievous hurt, the necessary common intention did
not need to be to cause the particular grievous hurt inflicted but need only
be to cause an injury within the categories of grievous hurt in s 320 of the
Penal Code.

22 After the Substituted s 326 Charge was read and explained to Manik, his
Defence Counsel confirmed that Manik was not adducing new evidence or
recalling any witness. Based on her findings, the Judge found Manik guilty on
this charge.

23 The Judge sentenced Manik to 15 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the
cane with effect from the date of arrest on 30 September 2016. In arriving at
this sentence, she took reference from Ng Soon Kim v Public Prosecutor [2019]
SGHC 247 and adopted the following approach. First, consider the indicative
sentence if the charge had been under s 325 Penal Code. Second, consider an
uplift for the nature of the dangerous means used. Third, adjust the sentence
according to the aggravating and the mitigating factors.

24 Based on Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127, since death was caused
in this case, the starting point was around eight years’ imprisonment and 12
or more strokes of the cane. The Judge then gave an uplift of three years’
imprisonment for the dangerous means used, which was the use of choppers.
After considering the aggravating and mitigating factors, she applied a
further uplift of four years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane.
Accordingly, the total sentence was 15 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of
the cane.

The Court of Appeal’s decision

25 In the recent decision of Azlin, this court explained that the test set out
in Daniel Vijay for an offence under s 300(c) read with s 34 Penal Code (as
applied by the Judge) applies to dual crime scenarios while the test in Virsa
Singh for an offence under s 300(c) by an individual offender continues to
apply to single crime scenarios even in common intention cases. Manik’s trial
took place in 2020 and the Judge’s Grounds of Decision (“GD”) was delivered in
August 2020. The decision in Azlin was delivered in July 2022. It followed
that the Judge did not have the advantage of this court’s guidance in Azlin.
It was therefore not surprising that her GD did not articulate clearly whether
she considered this case to involve a single crime or a dual crime situation.

26 The Prosecution accepts that the Judge’s material findings of fact were
largely in its favour. This includes the fact that Manik and his co-attackers
had attacked the victim in like manner with choppers and that they had done so
pursuant to their common intention to cause grievous hurt to the victim. The
Prosecution confirms that its appeal does not lie against the Judge’s findings
of fact but only against her application of the law to the facts. Manik’s
defence was rejected by the Judge. The Prosecution contends that since Manik
has not appealed against his conviction on the Substituted s 326 Charge, he
must be taken to have accepted the Judge’s findings of fact. Accordingly, the
Prosecution submits, the sole issue in the present appeal lies in the
applicable mens rea test for the Common Intention Charge.

27 The Prosecution submits that it was clear from the Judge’s findings that
she believed the case was a single crime scenario. Her findings of fact showed
that all the three attackers were involved in the criminal venture, attacked
the Victim in like manner, with weapons apt to cause the very type of injury
that was inflicted, in pursuance of their common intention and either Manik or
Aziz inflicted the Fatal Injury directly. There was swift recourse to violence
after Aziz shouted to Syndicate 1 members to “chop hard this son of a bitch”.
When the Victim fell, the three attackers used their choppers to hack him.
Their swift recourse to violence emphasises their pre-existing common
intention to use their choppers on the Victim and to cause the specific
injuries. The Prosecution submits that the Judge determined correctly that the
case before her was a single crime situation.

28 However, the Prosecution contends that the Judge was wrong in law when she
applied the Daniel Vijay test to the single crime situation and concluded that
the common intention element was not satisfied. This was contrary to the
decision in Azlin where the court held (at [122(a)]) that where multiple
offenders jointly commit a single offence of s 300(c) murder, the current
state of the law is such that the Daniel Vijay test does not apply and there
is no need for the offender who is charged with a s 300(c) common intention
murder charge to have intended to inflict an injury that would be sufficient
in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. The court in Azlin also
stated that the Virsa Singh test applies in that situation and it is
sufficient that the offender intended to cause the actual injury that was
inflicted on the Victim. The Prosecution submits that if the Judge had applied
the correct Virsa Singh test, her findings of fact would have satisfied the
common intention requirement and she ought to have convicted Manik on the
Common Intention Charge.

29 Should this court dismiss the Prosecution’s appeal against acquittal on the
Common Intention Charge, the Prosecution submits that the sentence imposed for
the Substituted s 326 Charge was appropriate and should be upheld. The
Prosecution agrees with the sentencing approach taken by the Judge and submits
that the sentence was in accord with the precedent cases.

30 Manik contends that the Judge was correct in holding that the events on the
night of 24 September 2016 were a dual crime situation. Manik accepts that
common intention can be formed on the spot and that it can also change on the
spot, in the course of a criminal act. He submits that although it may be a
fine line between single crime and dual crime situations, the difference in
the present case is clear and distinct.

31 Manik submits that since the Prosecution has not appealed against the
acquittal on the Original Charge where the Judge held that it was not proved
beyond reasonable doubt that it was Manik who inflicted the Fatal Injury, it
follows that Manik was a secondary offender. Manik submits that as the case
here was a dual crime situation, the Judge’s application of the Daniel Vijay
test was correct. He agrees with the Judge that there was no motive or
incentive for Manik to cause a s 300(c) injury on the Victim. The forensic
evidence was consistent with one actor, the primary offender, being
significantly more vicious than the secondary offenders. While there were many
superficial wounds, there was a single deep and long wound that was inflicted
with such force that the surrounding bone was fractured. The evidence showed
that one primary offender participated to a significantly more aggravated
degree than the secondary offenders. Further, none of the material wounds was
found on vulnerable parts of the Victim’s body. The Video Footage did not show
the three attackers attempting to strike at vulnerable body parts nor did it
show that they started to hack the Victim immediately when he fell. The attack
lasted only about nine seconds and when the Victim got up and ran away, the
attackers did not give chase and Manik was the first to turn to leave.

32 Manik argues that all these facts were plainly inconsistent with an
intention to cause a s 300(c) injury. At most, there was a common intention to
inflict hurt which endangered life. While the primary offender could be liable
for an offence under s 300(c), the secondary offenders would be liable for
only s 326 read with s 34.

33 Even if the present case were a single crime situation, Manik submits that
it has not been proved beyond reasonable doubt that the primary offender
intended to inflict the Fatal Injury. It could have been inflicted recklessly
or accidentally instead of intentionally and that would be insufficient to
sustain a s 300(c) charge, let alone a s 300(c) charge read with s 34. We
dispose of this point quickly by reiterating that the Judge made a clear
finding that whoever inflicted the Fatal Injury did so intentionally and there
could be nothing accidental about it. It is unnecessary for the purposes of
this appeal for us to revisit that finding.

34 On his appeal against sentence on the Substituted s 326 Charge, Manik
submits that the sentence is manifestly excessive as the Judge did not place
any mitigating weight on his remorse and erred in her comparison of the
severity of this case with the precedent cases. Manik asserts that he was
sincerely apologetic for the way the tragedy unfolded. He had always
maintained that he was involved in the confrontation and that he used a
weapon. The key material disputes were the kind of weapon and the parts of the
Victim that he struck. He would have pleaded guilty had the Prosecution
proceeded with a s 326 Penal Code charge from the outset instead of proceeding
with a capital charge which he had no choice but to contest and on which he
has been acquitted. Manik submits that his sentence ought to be not more than
12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

35 As we have stated earlier, the trial took place and the Judge’s decision
was rendered before this court delivered judgment in Azlin. It was
understandable therefore that the distinction between the tests for single
crime situations and dual crime situations was not fully appreciated by the
parties and not clearly canvassed before the Judge.

36 After studying the Judge’s GD in detail, it was plain to us that the Judge
actually considered this case to be a dual crime situation. This can be seen
from her distinction between common intention to commit s 300(c) injury and
common intention to commit grievous hurt. On her understanding, the primary
offence was causing grievous hurt in the form of hurt which endangers life.
The secondary or collateral offence was causing a s 300(c) injury. We accept
that it is a fine line between intention to cause a s 300(c) injury and
intention to cause grievous hurt in the form of hurt that endangers life. The
line between offences such as robbery and rape or between burglary and murder
is of course much clearer and much more easily defined. However, the offences
in question before us remain distinct offences, even if the difference is only
a matter of degree.

37 The Prosecution does not challenge the Judge’s findings of fact and Manik
cannot do so without an appeal against conviction on the Substituted s 326
Charge. The Judge’s findings of fact therefore stand in these appeals before
us. Based on these findings of fact and the decision that this was a dual
crime situation, the Daniel Vijay test was the correct test to apply, which
the Judge did. The three attackers’ common intention was to attack the Victim
with choppers in order to cause grievous hurt. That was the primary offence.
The Judge found that the person who inflicted the Fatal Injury did so
intentionally and not accidentally. He therefore intended to inflict a s
300(c) injury. That was a collateral offence which went beyond the attackers’
common intention. On the facts, it was not proved beyond reasonable doubt that
Manik was the person who inflicted the s 300(c) injury and he was rightly
acquitted on the Original Charge. Applying the Daniel Vijay test, which we
think the Judge did correctly on the facts as found by her, Manik also could
not be guilty on the Common Intention Charge as there was no common intention
among the three attackers to inflict a s 300(c) injury. Further, there was no
evidence that Manik specifically shared the intention of the offender who
inflicted the s 300(c) injury.

38 We therefore dismiss the Prosecution’s appeal in CCA 16. We pointed out to
the Prosecution that the position might have been different under the test in
Lee Chez Kee v PP [2008] 3 SLR(R) 447 instead of the Daniel Vijay test in a
dual crime situation. Whether we should revisit the Daniel Vijay test is a
question that will be left to be answered in a future case.

39 In respect of Manik’s appeal against sentence, we need only say that we
agree with the Judge’s approach which is a completely sensible one. We see no
error in her application of the law to the facts as found by her and we agree
with the sentence that she arrived at. We therefore dismiss Manik’s appeal in
CCA 26 as well.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice | Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
  
Kumaresan s/o Gohulabalan, Andre Chong and Grace Chua (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Eugene Thuraisingam, Chooi Jing Yen and Ng Yuan Siang (Eugene Thuraisingam
LLP) for the Defence.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Nov 2022 (16:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

