Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 317

Suit No 792 of 2020

Between

(1)| Ten-League Engineering & Technology Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ten-League Corporations Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Precise Development Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Choo Lye Weng  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Building and Construction Law — Subcontracts — Direct payments to supplier]

[Contract — Formation — Oral agreement]

[Abuse of Process — Henderson v Henderson doctrine]

[Abuse of Process — Inconsistent positions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ten-League Engineering & Technology Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Precise Development Pte Ltd and another

[2022] SGHC 317

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 792 of 2020  
Valerie Thean J  
22–26, 29–30 August, 3 November 2022

23 December 2022 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 In construction projects, contractors work with sub-contractors, who may, in
turn, work with sub-sub-contractors of their own. Each relationship is
generally governed by its own contract. The plaintiffs in this suit were
involved in supplying construction equipment and machines to one of the sub-
contractors on such a construction project. When concerns arose regarding the
sub-contractor’s ability to pay the plaintiffs, the plaintiffs met with the
main contractor and the director of the sub-contractor regarding a direct
payment arrangement between the main contractor and the plaintiffs. A letter
was sent from the sub-contractor thereafter to the main contractor regarding
their oral understanding.

2 As events unfolded, the main contractor did not pay the sums envisaged in
the letter. The plaintiffs now contend the main contractor is liable to them
for various sums initially owed to them by the sub-contractor whose sub-
contract was duly performed. They bring this suit against the main contractor
for breach of the alleged direct payment arrangement, or in the alternative,
for quantum meruit. They also bring a claim against the main contractor and
the director of the sub-contractor in unlawful means conspiracy.

3 For the reasons I explain below, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim.

Facts

4 This case involves a construction project for the Housing & Development
Board (“HDB”) at Punggol North (the “Project”). The first defendant, Precise
Development Pte Ltd (“Precise”), is in the business of general building
services. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Poon Swi Shone’s AEIC (“PSS”) at para 3 (BAEIC 103).

By a sub-contract agreement dated 18 April 2019 (the “G-Con Sub-contract”),
Precise engaged G-Con Foundation Pte Ltd (“G-Con”) as its piling sub-
contractor for the Project. G-Con is in the business of foundational and
piling construction work. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Choo Lye Weng’s AEIC (“CLW”) at paras 7–8 (BAEIC 199–200).

The G-Con Sub-contract was a measurement contract, which means that the sum
payable from Precise to G-Con thereunder was subject to change based on a
range of factors, including the quantity of work done and materials supplied.
The completion date for the works was stipulated to be 6 January 2020. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PSS at para 6 (BAEIC 104).

The second defendant, Mr Choo Lye Weng (“Mr Choo”), is the Chief Executive
Officer, sole director and sole shareholder of G-Con.

5 To carry out its piling works for the Project, G-Con rented machinery and
equipment from the first plaintiff in this suit, Ten-League Engineering &
Technology Pte Ltd (“TLET”), a fully-owned subsidiary of the second plaintiff,
Ten-League Corporations Pte Ltd (“TLC”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CLW at para 19 (BAEIC 205).

I will refer to the plaintiffs collectively as “Ten-League”. Ten-League is in
the business of providing equipment and machines for construction projects.
The machines that Ten-League provide include drilling and boring rigs, crawler
cranes and excavators. Typically, Ten-League leases these machines to
contractors, and handles the transportation and installation of the machines.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Jison Lim’s AEIC (“JL”) at para 8 (BAEIC 4–5).

The equipment leased by TLET to G-Con included drilling and boring rigs,
excavator cranes and excavators (the “Equipment”). The Equipment were rented
by TLET to G-Con between August 2019 and February 2020. When TLET rented the
Equipment to G-Con in this period, it issued invoices to G-Con on a monthly
basis which set out the terms and conditions for the rental and the rental
charges. All the invoices issued by TLET to G-Con in this period contained
materially the same terms. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

JL at paras 14–15 (BAEIC 7).

I will refer to them as the “Rental Agreements”. TLET invoiced for the rental
charges and TLC invoiced for services and maintenance that G-Con was obliged
to pay. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 11 October 2022 (“PCS”) at para 46.

Background to the direct payment discussions

6 In January 2020, G-Con fell into arrears in respect of its payment
obligations to Ten-League. According to Ten-League, as of 29 February 2020,
G-Con was in arrears to TLET to the amount of $1,910,702.70. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 9.

14 Jan Meeting

7 On 14 January 2020, a meeting took place between representatives of Precise,
representatives of Ten-League, and Mr Choo (the “14 Jan Meeting”). The purpose
of this meeting was to discuss G-Con’s arrears and its continued rental of the
Equipment for the Project. Ms Poon Swi Shone (“Ms Poon”) is Precise’s
Contracts Manager. Her evidence was that she agreed to this meeting out of
goodwill despite the fact that Precise had no obligation to Ten-League,
because parties were all working the Project together. According to her, it is
Precise’s practice that whenever issues between its sub-contractors and their
own sub-sub-contractors or suppliers are brought to Precise’s attention,
Precise would try to assist, where possible. This is to ensure that a smooth
working relationship is maintained between all parties on the project. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PSS at para 9 (BAEIC 105).

8 The 14 Jan Meeting was attended by Mr Jison Lim, Mr Lim Teck Meng and Ms
Zhang Jingting (“Ms Zhang”) for Ten-League. Mr Jison Lim is Ten-League’s
current Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

JL at para 1 (BAEIC 2).

Mr Lim Teck Meng was the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of TLC from November
2014 to September 2020. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Lim Teck Meng’s AEIC (“LTM”) at para 1 (BAEIC 38).

Ms Zhang is Mr Jison Lim’s personal assistant. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Zhang Jiting’s AEIC (“ZJT”) at para 2 (BAEIC 70).

For Precise, Ms Poon, Ms Pang Chia Fen (“Ms Pang”), Mr Teo Chua Chye (“Mr
Teo”) and Mr Seng Chee Keong (“Mr Seng”) attended. Ms Pang is Precise’s Deputy
Contracts Manager 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PSS at para 1 (BAEIC 102); Pang Chia Fen’s AEIC (“PCF”) at para 1 (BAEIC 81).

and Mr Teo is Project Manager for Precise. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Teo Chua Chye’s AEIC (“TCC”) at para 1 (BAEIC 166).

Mr Choo attended on behalf of G-Con. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PSS at para 10 (BAEIC 105–106).

9 Ten-League’s position at the 14 Jan Meeting was that, since G-Con had
defaulted on its payments under the Rental Agreements, Precise could pay all
monies due to G-Con under the G-Con Sub-contract to Ten-League instead of
G-Con. This would be up to the amount that G-Con owed to Ten-League. In
consideration of this arrangement, Ten-League would refrain from shutting down
its machines, so that G-Con could finish its works without delaying Precise’s
Project. Further, Ten-League would agree to cap the outstanding rental owed by
G-Con to it at $2m. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

JL at para 25 (BAEIC 9–10).

10 According to Ms Poon, Precise’s response was that: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PSS at para 12 (BAIEC 107–108).

(a) If Ten-League chose to stop providing machinery to G-Con, Precise would
simply pursue a claim against G-Con for damages resulting from its breach of
contract to Precise.

(b) The outstanding amounts from G-Con to Ten-League related to rental for the
period up to December 2019. Precise had already certified G-Con’s work done up
to December 2019 in payment certificates issued to G-Con.

(c) Nonetheless, Precise would consider Ten-League’s request for direct
payment. However, this would be subject to G-Con’s approval and Precise’s
usual terms and conditions for direct payment arrangements.

(d) If any direct payment was to be made to Ten-League, there would be no
contract between Precise and Ten-League and that direct payment would be made
purely on a goodwill basis.

11 Mr Choo’s evidence is that G-Con stressed that it would need to review Ten-
League’s claims for payment first. Further, G-Con would need to use the
progress payments received from Precise to pay for its overheads and to pay
its workers and sub-contractors. As such, Precise could not pay the entire
progress payment to Ten-League. Finally, while G-Con was prepared to consider
the direct payment arrangement, any sum to be paid directly from Precise to
Ten-League would need to be after G-Con’s deductions and subject to its
confirmation of the actual amount payable. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CLW at para 55 (BAEIC 218–219).

12 It is not disputed that no agreement was reached at the 14 Jan Meeting.
Ten-League accepts that Precise was not willing to commit to an agreement on
the direct payment arrangement, and that Ms Poon had expressed reservations
about a contractual relationship arising between Ten-League and Precise. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

JL at para 26–27 (BAEIC 10)

31 January 2020

13 On 31 January 2020, Ten-League sent a letter to Precise and G-Con (the “31
Jan Ten-League Letter”). The 31 Jan Ten-League Letter referred to the 14 Jan
Meeting, and stated that despite Ten-League’s willingness to resolve the
matter, there had been no progress in terms of either receiving payment or a
commitment to pay the outstanding amount owed. As such, Ten-League would have
to shut the Equipment down on 3 February 2020 (three days later). Ten-League
described this shutdown as having been “activated” by G-Con’s non-payment. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

3AB 2310.

14 Mr Jison Lim explains that Ten-League believed at the time that it could
not rely on G-Con to pay its outstanding debt. While G-Con had issued two
cheques to Ten-League of approximately $300,000 in partial repayment of this
debt, the cheques had bounced. Ten-League feared that this would be a
recurring pattern in G-Con’s attempts to settle its outstanding payments. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

JL at paras 32–34 (BAEIC 12).

15 On the same day, Mr Choo sent a letter on behalf of G-Con to Precise which
was copied to Mr Jison Lim (the “31 Jan G-Con Letter”). In this letter, Mr
Choo referred to the 14 Jan Meeting and G-Con’s outstanding debt to Ten-
League. He stated that he authorised and appointed Precise to pay on his
behalf “whatever that is due from [Precise] for my work done from now until
the end of my foundation work contract work with you to [Ten-League] up to a
maximum of $2m. The letter further stated, “If the amount payable to me is
less than $2m, please make whatever amount available to [Ten-League]. I will
pay [Ten-League] for the shortfall.” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

3AB 2309.

16 Mr Lim Teck Meng and Mr Choo have different explanations for this letter.
For now, it suffices to say that the 31 Jan G-Con Letter was in fact drafted
by Mr Lim Teck Meng for Mr Choo. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LTM at paras 37–39 (BAEIC 47–48).

17 At the same time, Mr Lim Teck Meng drafted a letter that was to be executed
by Precise. This draft was meant to be an acknowledgement by Precise in
response to the 31 Jan G-Con Letter (the “Draft Acknowledgement”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

LTM at para 40 (BAEIC 48).

However, when Ms Zhang sent the draft to Ms Poon via e-mail, Ms Poon responded
that Precise would not be signing because “there [was] no privity of contract
between [them]” and asked Ms Zhang to contact Mr Choo instead. When Ms Zhang
attempted to clarify that the acknowledgment was meant to be from Precise to
G-Con and not from Precise to Ten-League, Ms Poon responded that Precise would
have its own arrangement with G-Con and therefore it was not necessary for
Ten-League to initiate an acknowledgement letter. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

3AB 2305–2308.

Precise did not sign anything on 31 January 2020.

3 & 4 February 2020

18 On 3 February 2020, the day that Ten-League had said it would shut the
Equipment down, Ms Poon met Mr Choo at Precise’s office and asked him to
explain the 31 Jan G-Con Letter. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PSS at para 29 (BAEIC 115).

She asked Mr Choo why G-Con would authorise Precise to pay any outstanding
fees due to G-Con to Ten-League instead, up to a maximum of $2m, without the
need for G-Con to assess and confirm the amount payable. She said that she was
confused because this meant that G-Con would have to be prepared to pay the
full $2m to Ten-League. She added that she could not even be confident that
the sums due from Precise to G-Con would come close to $2m. Mr Choo explained
that Mr Jison Lim had contacted him and told him that Ten-League’s auditors
required G-Con to issue the 31 Jan G-Con Letter such that Ten-League’s initial
public offering exercise (“IPO”) would not be affected. Thus, the 31 Jan G-Con
Letter was simply for show. He explained that he signed the 31 Jan G-Con
Letter despite disagreeing with its contents because he trusted Mr Jison Lim’s
explanation that it was simply to satisfy Ten-League’s auditors. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PSS at paras 30–33 (BAEIC 115–117); CLW at para 67 (BAEIC 223–224).

19 After this discussion between Ms Poon and Mr Choo, Precise issued a letter
addressed to G-Con dated 4 February 2020 (the “4 Feb Letter”) that was copied
to Ten-League by e-mail. The following portions of the 4 Feb Letter are
relevant: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

3AB 2325–2326.

(a) It referred to the 14 Jan Meeting, the 31 Jan G-Con Letter and the 3 Feb
Meeting.

(b) It stated that Precise’s agreement to assist in making direct payments to
Ten-League was “purely to assist [G-Con]’s cash flow and without any
obligation to do so”.

(c) It specified certain conditions that the direct payment arrangement would
be subject to. The arrangement would not relieve G-Con of any of its
obligations under the G-Con Sub-contract and would not create any sub-contract
relationship between Ten-League and Precise. Any payment, after deducting
supply of construction materials on G-Con’s behalf, would be made out to Ten-
League subject to G-Con’s assessment of the actual amount payable. The
aggregate amount paid by Precise to Ten-League would be fully recovered from
G-Con’s sub-contract account with Precise and there would be a 3%
administrative charge imposed on that aggregate amount. Finally, all other
terms of the G-Con Sub-contract would remain unchanged.

20 Ten-League responded later that day by e-mail (the “4 Feb E-mail”),
instructing Ms Poon to “do this after discussion with auditor”. Ten-League
stated that it had “checked with [its] auditor” and noticed that there was no
timing provided for the payment date, and that Precise would pay to Ten-League
whatever was left after deduction subject to G-Con’s assessment and
confirmation of the actual amount payable. What Ten-League said that it needed
was: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

3AB 2327–2328.

(a) to include all projects with G-Con;

(b) to confirm that the amount payable to G-Con could be concluded and paid to
Ten-League by end March 2020;

(c) payment should be made to Ten-League after deducting supply of
construction materials; and

(d) all amount payable to G-Con must be paid until the “tap” of $2m and “this
should be up to 31st Dec 2021”.

Ten-League further stated that “[f]ailing which, the whole amount due to G-con
will be classified as doubtful debts and [their] IPO can be cancelled.”
Finally, it stated that the terms and conditions set out above had been
indicated in “Ten-League’s letter” (presumably the Draft Acknowledgement) and
that if Precise could come out with something of the same effect it “[would]
be good”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

3AB 2327–2328.

21 In relation to the references to an “auditor”, Mr Lim Teck Meng explained
that around the end of 2019, Ten-League had contemplated a listing exercise
and had preliminarily engaged in discussions with financial advisers to
determine what steps it would need to take. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

LTM at para 49 (BAEIC 50).

Mr Jison Lim met with two or three auditing firms for this purpose. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

JL at para 48 (BAEIC 16).

Neither Mr Jison Lim nor Mr Lim Teck Meng gave evidence of what was
specifically discussed with the auditors. However, Mr Lim Teck Meng testified
that, from his own professional knowledge, he believed that if Mr Jison Lim
had discussed the outstanding debts with the auditors, the common-sense reply
would be to collect back the outstanding amount so that there would not be
doubtful debts that could result in a reduction in the profit and accordingly
the valuation of Ten-League. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

LTM at para 51 (BAEIC 50–51).

Mr Jison Lim testified that G-Con’s debt would have been raised by any
interested investor or participant in the proposed listing exercise following
due diligence because after all, the amount was fairly significant and it
would be preferable that there would not be doubtful debts affecting the
valuation of Ten-League. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

JL at para 49 (BAEIC 16).

He further testified that Ten-League would have attempted to seek recovery of
the sums from G-Con in any event. Ultimately, in April 2020 it became clear
that a listing exercise would not be appropriate at the time and therefore no
auditors were ever appointed or formally engaged. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

JL at paras 50–51 (BAEIC 16).

6 Feb Meeting

22 The parties met on 6 February 2020 at Precise’s office. The attendees were
the same as those for the 4 Feb Meeting, except that Mr Teo and Mr Seng did
not attend. What was discussed at the meeting is the subject of much dispute.
It is at this meeting that Ten-League alleges a tripartite contract was formed
between Ten-League, G-Con and Precise regarding a direct payment arrangement
(the “Direct Payment Agreement”). Ten-League (in closing submissions), alleges
that the following was agreed: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PCS at para 76.

(a) the principle that Precise would issue direct payment to Ten-League;

(b) the benefits that both G-Con and Precise would receive would be that Ten-
League would no longer shut down the machines on the Project, Ten-League would
not pursue immediate payment of all outstanding fees and Ten-League would cap
the total invoices for rental and services at $2m; and

(c) the timing and assessment of such direct payments by Precise to Ten-
League.

Both Precise and Mr Choo deny that any such agreement was reached at the 6 Feb
Meeting. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 11 October 2022 (“1DCS”) at para 29;
2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 11 October 2022 (“2DCS”) at paras
167–172.

7 Feb Letter

23 The next day, a letter was sent by G-Con to Precise (the “7 Feb Letter”).
Mr Lim Teck Meng drafted this letter on Mr Choo’s behalf. His evidence is that
the 7 Feb Letter “recorded” the terms of the Direct Payment Agreement which
had been reached at the 6 Feb Meeting. He understood, based on the terms of
the Direct Payment Agreement, that this letter was important to “formalise the
payment arrangement and record that G-con expressly authorised Precise to
settle its debt to Ten-League on G-Con’s behalf, to avoid any potential action
by G-Con against Precise for interfering in its contractual arrangement with
Ten-League.” 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

LTM at para 60–61 (BAEIC 53).

24 The 7 Feb Letter referred to the 4 Feb Letter. It stated that G-Con was
acceptable to Precise’s terms and thereby authorised Precise to pay to TLC,
and deduct from the amount payable to G-Con, the following sums (totalling
$2m): $800,000 on or before 28 February 2020, $700,000 on or before 31 March
2020 and $500,000 on or before 30 April 2020. Finally, it stated, “[i]f the
amount payable to [G-Con] is less than $2m, please make whatever amount
available to [Ten-League]. [G-Con] will pay [Ten-League] for the shortfall.”
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

4AB 2333.

Mr Choo signed the 7 Feb Letter and affixed G-Con’s company stamp to it.
However, his evidence is that he did so simply because Mr Lim Teck Meng and Mr
Jison Lim told him that they needed him to do so to satisfy their auditors.
Like the 4 Feb Letter, his evidence is that he disagreed with the contents. He
would not know how much money he would receive from Precise, and that G-Con
would not be able to pay $2m in three months. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

CLW at paras 81–84 (BAEIC 228–229).

When Ms Poon called him to clarify the 7 Feb Letter, he explained that it was
simply a “comfort” letter and that any direct payment arrangement was still
subject to the conditions he had raised at the 14 Jan Meeting (see [11]
above). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CLW at para 85 (BAEIC 229).

25 Precise did not respond to the 7 Feb Letter. Ms Poon’s evidence is Mr Choo
told her that the 7 Feb Letter was just to satisfy Ten-League’s auditors, and
that the 4 Feb Letter remained applicable. As such, she saw no need to
respond. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PSS at paras 68–69 (BAEIC 131–132).

PC 13 and Precise’s payment to G-Con

26 On 17 February 2020, Precise issued Payment Certificate No. 13 (“PC13”) to
G-Con. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

7AB 4856–4859.

PC13 certified that $1,718,200.23 was payable to G-Con for works done in
January 2020. However, this was subject to contra charges and back charges
amounting to $952,083.20. After factoring GST, the amount due to G-Con from
Precise was $819,766.62. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PSS at para 74 (BAEIC 133–134).

On 24 February 2020, Precise issued a cheque for $811,316.78. This was
$8,449.84 less than the amount stated in PC13 because that sum had been
inadvertently overpaid to G-Con in a previous payment. Ms Poon explained that,
while the cheque was issued on 24 February 2020, Precise left the addressee
field blank because she was waiting to clarify with Mr Choo the amount payable
to Ten-League. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PSS at paras 75–77 (BAEIC 134–135).

27 On 27 February 2020, Mr Jison Lim instructed one of his staff to shut the
Equipment down. He explains that he did so because he suspected that Ten-
League would not be receiving the first payment from Precise stipulated in the
7 Feb Letter. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

JL at para 71 (BAEIC 22).

Later that day, he received a message from a staff member of G-Con, Mr Baktha,
asking him to “consider again” and to “let [him] finish this project”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

5AB 3367; CLW at para 98 (BAEIC 233).

Mr Jison Lim agreed and asked him to chase Precise for payment. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

JL at paras 72–73 (BAEIC 22–23).

28 On 2 March 2020, Ms Poon called Mr Choo to confirm the amount payable to
Ten-League, as the 4 Feb Letter stated she should (see [19(c)] above). Mr Choo
told her to instead issue the cheque to G-Con, and that G-Con would make its
own payment to Ten-League. Ms Poon asked for this to be confirmed in writing,
and Mr Choo did so. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PSS at para 78 (BAEIC 135); CLW at paras 100–101 (BAEIC 233).

This written confirmation referred to PC13 and informed Precise not to make
payment to Ten-League, and instead to make full payment to G-Con. Precise
acknowledged this in writing as well. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

4AB 2454–2455.

In light of G-Con’s instructions, Ms Poon instructed her staff to address the
PC13 cheque to G-Con and sign it. Mr Choo collected the cheque that day. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PSS at para 79 (BAEIC 135–136).

29 G-Con then issued a cheque dated 4 March 2020 to Ten-League for the sum of
$100,000. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

7AB 4980.

Mr Choo prepared a report to show Ten-League how he had allocated the sum
received from Precise to G-Con’s sub-contractors, suppliers and workers. This
report indicated a balance of $162,911.77, and of this balance Mr Choo paid
$100,000 to Ten-League and retained the rest for cash flow. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

2DCS at para 247.

30 Ten-League was not satisfied that it had not received the $800,000 directly
from Precise in accordance with the Direct Payment Agreement and that instead,
Precise had paid G-Con who had then used the sum to pay settle other debts. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

JL at para 76 (BAEIC 58).

Thus, Ten-League proceeded to shut the Equipment down immediately and started
demobilising the Equipment from 6 March 2020. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

TCC at para 30 (BAEIC 176); LTM at para 82 (BAEIC 59).

Ten-League’s legal proceedings

31 On 11 March 2020, TLET commenced proceedings against G-Con (“Suit 226”) for
the sum of $1,810,702.70, being G-Con’s arrears pursuant to the Rental
Agreements as at that date. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

LTM at paras 14–15 (BAEIC 41).

The claim was one for breach of the Rental Agreements. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

8AB 5249.

Mr Lim sent the writ of summons in Suit 226 to Ms Poon and Mr Choo via e-mail
the same day. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

4AB 2479.

He followed this with a further e-mail on 13 March 2020 referring to the 6 Feb
Meeting (the “13 Mar E-mail”). In this e-mail, he stated: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

4AB 2478–2749.

Dear Anna,

Without prejudice,

WE refer to our meeting on or about 6th February 2020,

Where we had discussed and agreed that G-con could give you the attached
letter to authorise direct payment to Ten-League.

We had then obtained the said letter, as attached.

It is based on this trust that Ten-League continued to let G-con use out
machines.

But when it comes to payment date,

Precise passed the payment to G-con.

Based on 3 parties agreement [Precise, Ten League and G-con]

Ten-League had fulfilled our agreement to let G-Con continue the use of our
equipment to complete the punggol site work.

WE hereby request you to honor your promise by:

1) Not making any payment to G-Gon unti [sic] the full payment of $2m to us;
and

2) Collect back the $811k you paid to G-con and pass $800,000 to Ten-League
within 7 working days.

32 Ms Poon responded on 17 March 2020, stating that Precise had at all times
made clear that it had no objection to issue direct payment to Ten-League
subject always to G-Con’s assessment and confirmation of the actual amount
payable. She stated that Precise’s records showed that on 2 March 2020, Mr
Choo did not assess any amount to be paid to Ten-League. She reiterated that
there was no “privity of contract” between Precise and Ten-League and that
Ten-League’s agreement to let G-Con continue to use the Equipment was purely
of its own accord. She suggested that Ten-League pursue the matter with G-Con.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

4AB 2477–2748.

33 On 21 March 2020, TLET obtained judgment in default of appearance in Suit
226.

Precise’s further PCs

34 Thereafter, four further payment certificates were issued by Precise to
G-Con. These are as follows:

Payment Certificate| Date| Amount certified| Back Charges| Net payable to
G-Con  
---|---|---|---|---  
14 (“PC14”) 61

##### Foot Note 61

× 7AB 4987. | 27 Mar 2020| $422,918.98| $1,172,338.19| -$749,419.21  
15 (“PC15”) 62

##### Foot Note 62

× 7AB 5051. | 21 Apr 2020| $553,200.18| $1,745,127.66| -$1,191,927.48  
16 (“PC16”) 63

##### Foot Note 63

× 7AB 5102. | 15 May 2020| -$410,491.22| $1,241,476.41| -$1,651,967.63  
17 (“PC17”) 64

##### Foot Note 64

× 7AB 5135. | 4 Nov 2020| $2,115,228.60| $5,381,893.56| -$3,266,664.96  
  
35 As can be seen, in all the payment certificates following PC13, G-Con was
not due any money and in fact owed money to Precise. This arose from
significant sums stated to be owing to Precise from G-Con, termed by parties
as “back charges”, which far exceeded the certified sums for work completed by
G-Con. The propriety of these back charges for PC14 and PC15 is disputed by
Ten-League and forms the content of an unlawful conspiracy claim (see [44]
below). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS at paras 130–155.

Proceedings involving Precise

36 After obtaining judgment in default, TLET commenced an application against
Precise to garnish any sums due or accruing from Precise to G-Con (“Summons
1449”). On 27 March 2020, the date PC 14 was issued, it obtained a provisional
garnishee order (“PGO”) against Precise. Precise was notified about the PGO on
30 March 2020. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PSS at para 115 (BAEIC 149).

In the course of Summons 1449, Ms Poon filed an affidavit stating that, as at
that date, there were no monies due and owing from Precise to G-Con, and that
in fact, Precise was owed money by G-Con (as per the table at [34] above). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

8AB 5294.

At the hearing on 9 July 2020, the assistant registrar dismissed TLET’s
application to make the PGO absolute and discharged the PGO, accepting that
there were no monies owed by Precise to G-Con as at the date the PGO was
granted. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PSS at para 121 (BAEIC 151); 8AB 5700.

On 22 July 2020, TLET filed a notice of appeal against the AR’s decision. This
was subsequently withdrawn on 17 August 2020. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

8AB 5704–5706.

37 On 26 August 2020, Ten-League commenced this suit against Precise and Mr
Choo.

Parties’ cases

Ten-League’s case

38 Ten-League claims against Precise in breach of contract and in quantum
meruit. It further claims that Precise and Mr Choo engaged in an unlawful
means conspiracy to injure Ten-League. I should note that Ten-League was also
initially pursuing claims in assignment and misrepresentation which were
withdrawn on the third day of trial. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

25 August 2022 Transcript, p 26 line 15 to p 28 line 4.

Breach of contract

39 Ten League’s primary case is that the Direct Payment Agreement was formed
on 6 February 2020, or, in any event, on 7 February 2020. The Direct Payment
Agreement was the culmination of negotiations that had begun as early as 14
January 2020 when it became clear that G-Con would be unable to pay its debt
to Ten-League. Accordingly, Ten-League proposed that Precise make direct
payment of monies due to G-Con to it instead, and in exchange, Ten-League
would agree to allow G-Con to continue to use the Equipment on the Project. Mr
Choo agreed on behalf of G-Con because he wanted to complete the works and get
paid, such that he could pay G-Con’s creditors. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at paras 99–100.

40 Ten-League fits the facts into the contractual analysis of offer,
counteroffer and acceptance in the following manner. Ten-League first offered
to enter a direct payment agreement at the 14 Jan Meeting, and this was
rejected by Precise. Following this, a second offer was made when Ten-League
asked Precise to sign the Draft Acknowledgement in response to the 31 Jan
G-Con Letter. Again, this was not accepted by Precise. On 3 February 2020,
Ten-League made a third, identical, offer, when it sent the 31 Jan Ten-League
Letter to Precise over WhatsApp. This time, however, the offer was accompanied
by a threat to shut the Equipment down unless Precise agreed by that day. When
Ms Poon responded the next day that Precise would “do the necessary”, Ten-
League thought that this offer had been accepted. However, Precise instead
responded with a counteroffer in the form of the 4 Feb Letter. This
counteroffer was not acceptable to Ten-League for the reasons set out in the 4
Feb E-mail. The 6 Feb Meeting was called to resolve the deadlock. Ten-League
provides two options to explain what happened at the 6 Feb Meeting. The first
is that a firm agreement arose as to the following:

(a) Ten-League would cap any outstanding fees to be incurred at $2m and permit
the continued use of machines for the Project;

(b) Precise would agree to make direct payment to Ten-League subject to
G-Con’s assessment and confirmation on the amount payable and confirm the
other conditions set out in the 4 Feb Letter; and

(c) G-Con was to confirm and provide such an assessment and confirmation on
the amount payable, as a condition subsequent for any direct payment.

The second option is that the 6 Feb Meeting culminated in a counteroffer by
Precise to confirm the amounts payable and other terms of the 4 Feb Letter.
This counter offer was accepted by G-Con in the 7 Feb Letter and impliedly
accepted by Ten-League. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at para 105.

41 Thus, the Direct Payment Agreement was entered into no later than 7
February 2020. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS at para 112.

42 The Direct Payment Agreement was breached by Precise in two ways. First,
when it paid the sum of $811,316.78 to G-Con rather than Ten-League on 2 March
2020. Second, when it refused to make further payment to Ten-League despite
G-Con’s assessment of the sums payable in the 7 Feb Letter. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS at para 118.

It is relatively straightforward to see why the first alleged breach would
have been a breach of the Direct Payment Arrangement. The second alleged
breach is not so clear. To establish the second alleged breach, Ten-League
argues that Precise’s back charges in PC14 and PC15 were illegitimate and not
in accordance with the terms of the 4 Feb Letter that formed part of the
Direct Payment Agreement. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS at paras 131–134.

The only legitimate deductions were the sums of $67,605.24 for PC14 and
$93,929.76 for PC15. Thus, Precise was in fact obliged to pay G-Con
$355,313.74 under PC14 and $459.270.42 under PC15. Both sums were below the
caps stated in the 7 Feb Letter. Thus, these sums should have been paid to
Ten-League pursuant to the Direct Payment Agreement. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at 155.

43 As a result of the first alleged breach, Ten-League suffered damage in the
amount of $711,316.78 ($811,316.78 less the $100,000 that G-Con paid to Ten-
League on 4 March 2020). As a result of the second alleged breach, Ten-League
suffered damage in the amount of $814,584.16 ($355,313.74 plus $459.270.42).
77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS at paras 156–161.

Unlawful means conspiracy

44 Ten-League’s unlawful conspiracy claim is premised on the breach of the
Direct Payment Agreement. It alleges that Precise and Mr Choo engineered a
situation whereby Precise would impose unjustified charges on G-Con under the
G-Con Sub-contract that G-Con would simply accept. This was so that the net
amount owing from Precise to G-Con would be zero, such that Ten-League would
receive no payment despite having allowed the continued use of the Equipment
in the belief that payment would be forthcoming from Precise. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS at para 176.

45 Ten-League accepts that this claim is predicated on both the findings that
the Direct Payment Arrangement was entered into and that the alleged
illegitimate back charges on PC14 and PC15 were indeed illegitimate. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS at para 179.

46 Ten-League alleges that the unlawful means conspiracy caused it loss in the
same amount as referred to at [43] above. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at para 215.

Quantum meruit

47 Ten-League advances a quantum meruit claim against Precise on the basis
that Precise was unjustly enriched by the provision of the Equipment after 29
February 2020 until March 2020. It argues unjust enrichment is established
because Precise requested a benefit from Ten-League and accepted it when it
was offered despite knowing that it was not intended to be given freely. It
was also unjust in that Precise declined to pay for the benefit having
received it. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at para 217.

48 Thus, Ten-League seeks reasonable remuneration for the provision of
Equipment for this period. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 221.

Precise’s case

49 Precise denies that any oral agreement was reached on 6 February 2020. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1DCS at para 57.

Precise accepts that it consented to a direct payment arrangement by the terms
of the 4 Feb Letter. However, it is clear from the 4 Feb Letter that such a
direct payment arrangement was not intended to create any contractual
relationship between Precise and Ten-League, any sums payable to Ten-League
would be after deductions by Precise, and that any sums payable would be
subject to G-Con’s assessment and confirmation. No offer by Ten-League was
accepted by Precise. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

1DCS at para 62.

50 Even if Precise did accept Ten-League’s offer at the 6 Feb Meeting, there
was no consideration provided by Ten-League so as to give rise to a contract.
Ten-League’s pleaded case is that the consideration for Precise entering into
the Direct Payment Agreement was that Ten-League would continue allowing the
Equipment to be used for the Project and cap the remaining rent at $2m.
Neither of these was requested by Precise, and accordingly could not amount to
consideration. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

1DCS at paras 96–98.

Further, it is clear from the evidence that Precise had no intention to create
legal relations. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1DCS at para 116.

51 Precise also submits that it acted in accordance with the direct payment
arrangement set out in the 4 Feb Letter. It argues that Ten-League’s
allegation of illegitimate deductions is unpleaded and unsupported by
evidence. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1DCS at paras 163–164.

Further, Ten-League is estopped from challenging these deductions following
the decision in Summons 1449. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1DCS at para 227.

52 The unlawful conspiracy claim should fail because there is no evidence of
an agreement or combination between Precise and Mr Choo with the intention to
injure Ten-League. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1DCS at para 202.

53 In respect of the quantum meruit claim, Ten-League’s claim should fail
because Precise never requested the provision of the Equipment. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1DCS at para 245.

54 Finally, Precise submits that the commencement of this suit by Ten-League
is an abuse of process, and that the extended doctrine of res judicata bars
its claims against Precise. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1DCS at para 251.

Ten-League only raised the Direct Payment Arrangement after failing to enforce
the judgment in Suit 226 and failing to obtain monies from the garnishee
proceedings. Ten-League’s inconsistent positions in Suit 226, Summons 1449 and
the present suit amount to an abuse of process. Ten-League could have brought
its claims against Precise in Suit 226, and there are no bona fide reasons for
not doing so. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

1DCS at paras 257–258.

Further, this suit is an abuse of process as evidenced by Ten-League’s
repeated changes of position, not least that it only raised the existence of
an oral agreement reached at the 6 Feb Meeting after it failed to enforce the
judgment in Suit 226. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

1DCS at paras 252–254.

Mr Choo’s case

55 Broadly, Mr Choo’s case is aligned with Precise’s. However, he raises
certain issues that were not raised by Precise.

56 First, he alleges that TLC is not a proper party to these proceedings. The
rental arrears were from G-Con to TLET only, and the direct payment
discussions related only to the rental arrears. TLC therefore has no standing
to sue on any alleged direct payment agreement. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

2DCS at para 119.

57 Second, he relies on two further doctrines to establish an abuse of process
by Ten-League, namely the doctrines of approbation and reprobation and waiver
by election. Mr Choo argues that Ten-League has obtained a benefit in the form
of judgment in Suit 226, and is now taking positions inconsistent with those
taken in Suit 226. This is precluded by the doctrine of approbation and
reprobation. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

2DCS at paras 368–369.

As for waiver by election, Mr Choo argues that Ten-League is bound by its
election to sue G-Con as principal in Suit 226, and now cannot elect to sue
him as agent. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

2DCS at para 385.

58 Third, he argues that he can be under no personal liability to Ten-League
for unlawful means conspiracy in reliance on the rule from Said v Butt [1920]
2 KB 497 (“Said v Butt”). As held by the Court of Appeal in PT Sandipala
Arthaputra v STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 818 (“PT
Sandipala”), directors will ordinarily be immune from personal liability for
authorising, procuring or participating in the contractual breaches of their
company, including through an unlawful means conspiracy, unless their acts are
in breach of any fiduciary or other legal duties owed as directors to the
company. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

2DCS at para 100.

While Ten-League relies on the exception to the rule from Said v Butt as set
out in PT Sandipala, which involves a director acting in breach of duty, and
has raised allegations of breach of director’s duties in closing submissions,
these allegations should be dismissed because they were not pleaded. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

2DCS at para 112.

Summation of issues arising

59 The following issues arise from the claims and various defences in this
suit:

(a) Is TLC a proper party to the action?

(b) Is Ten-League barred from bringing the claims in this suit?

(c) Was an oral contract formed for a Direct Payment Agreement?

(d) If so, was that agreement breached?

(e) Is Mr Choo a proper defendant?

(f) If so, did that breach occur pursuant to a conspiracy between Mr Choo and
Precise to injure Ten-League?

(g) Was there an agreement between Precise and G-Con that was enforceable by
Ten-League?

(h) If no contract was formed for the Direct Payment Agreement, are there
grounds for a claim in quantum meruit?

(i) If any cause of action is made out, what damages are due to Ten-League?

60 I answer question (a) in the positive and (b) in the negative. Ten-League’s
claim is dismissed because I also answer (c), (g) and (h) in the negative.
Arising from this, the other queries, which are premised on the Direct Payment
Agreement or a successful claim in quantum meruit, do not require
consideration.

Is TLC a proper party to the action?

61 Mr Choo’s real complaint with TLC being a party to the action is that the
alleged Direct Payment Agreement was made to cover rental arrears, and rental
arrears were due to TLET only. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

2DCS at para 119.

There were invoices from TLC to G-Con, but these invoices were for services
that were not the subject matter of the claim. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

3 November 2022 Transcript, p 16 lines 18–20.

62 This position is misconceived. Ten-League clarified that its claim against
Precise and Mr Choo is not premised on the invoices, but on the subsequent
Direct Payment Agreement. On Ten-League’s pleaded case, TLC is a party to the
Direct Payment Agreement. Counsel for Ten-League highlighted that TLC was
listed as a beneficiary of the direct payment in correspondence leading up to
the 6 Feb Meeting, such as the 31 Jan Letter. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

3 November 2022 Transcript, p 16 line 23 to p 17 line 3; PCS at para 115.

The Direct Payment Agreement, on Ten-League’s case at least, was for the
collective benefit of TLET and TLC. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS at para 116.

TLC is therefore a proper party to the action.

Is Ten-League barred from bringing the claims in this suit?

Approbation and reprobation

63 The doctrine of approbation and reprobation dictates that a party may not
reprobate a matter from which he has previously accepted a benefit. In BWG v
BWF [2020] 1 SLR 1296 (“BWG”), the Court of Appeal discussed the doctrine of
approbation and reprobation in detail. The following propositions which are
relevant to this case were set out:

(a) The doctrine can apply to cases involving different proceedings against
different parties: at [118].

(b) The doctrine is engaged as long as the party has received an actual
benefit as a result of its earlier inconsistent position: at [118].

(c) For the purposes of the doctrine, a judgment is considered a benefit, even
where the judgment is ultimately not satisfied. The benefit is the entitlement
to payment that the party receives when it obtains the judgment: at [119].

64 Thus, because Ten-League obtained a benefit in the form of judgment against
G-Con in Suit 226, they may not reprobate from any matter which they relied on
to obtain that benefit. This applies to the present suit even though the
parties are not identical to those in Suit 226.

65 Mr Choo points to three categories of inconsistency between Ten-League’s
position in these proceedings and its position in Suit 226: inconsistency of
parties; inconsistency of factual positions taken on record; and inconsistency
of course of action taken. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2DCS at para 379.

In my view, none of these inconsistencies enliven the doctrine of approbation
and reprobation.

66 In BWG, the Court of Appeal (at [102]) endorsed the description of the
doctrine set out in Treasure Valley Group v Saputa Teddy and another
(Ultramarine Holdings, Ltd, Intervener) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 358 at [31] by Belinda
Ang J (as she then was):

The doctrine of approbation and reprobation precludes a person who has
exercised a right from exercising another right which is alternative to and
inconsistent with the right he has exercised. It entails, for instance, that a
person ‘having accepted a benefit given him by a judgment cannot allege the
invalidity of the judgment which conferred the benefit’: see Evans v Bartlam
[1937] AC 473 at 483…

[emphasis added in BWG]

Thus, in order for the doctrine to be engaged, Ten-League must be seeking to
exercise a right which is inconsistent with the right it exercised in Suit
226.

67 To illustrate, the Court of Appeal in BWG considered (at [103]–[105]) the
example of Express Newspapers Plc v News (UK) Ltd and others [1990] 1 WLR 1320
(“Express Newspapers”). In Express Newspapers, the plaintiff newspaper had
brought an action for breach of copyright against the defendant. The plaintiff
had published an article, based on an exclusive interview, and the defendant
had published a report of the same story. Some time later, the reverse
happened in that the plaintiff republished an exclusive story which the
defendant published first. The plaintiff obtained summary judgment, and the
defendant sought to enter summary judgment on its counterclaim. The plaintiff
objected, but the court considered that the facts of the claim and
counterclaim were “legally indistinguishable” and therefore any defence put
forward to the counterclaim would be equally applicable to the claim on which
the plaintiff had obtained judgment. The plaintiff was not entitled to put
forward two inconsistent cases, and summary judgment was granted on the
defendant’s counterclaim.

68 In Lipkin International Ltd v Swiber Holdings Ltd and another [2015] 5 SLR
962 (“Lipkin”), the plaintiff sought to rely on a document to advance a
contract, but it had in earlier arbitration proceedings used that same
document to advance a different contract with a different party. The doctrine
of approbation and reprobation did not apply, but only because the prior
arbitration had ultimately settled (and therefore the plaintiff did not
“exercise” any right in them). However, the court still frowned upon the
plaintiff’s approach and noted that its adoption of inconsistent attitudes
should be viewed with circumspection and scepticism due to the “wider
dimension” of the doctrine of approbation and reprobation: at [61]–[62].

69 In my view, there is no similar inconsistency here. The Direct Payment
Agreement on which Ten-League’s case is premised was allegedly reached orally
at a meeting on 6 February 2020. It is a contract that co-existed with the
Rental Agreements between G-Con and TLET. In fact, the Direct Payment
Agreement was pleaded (albeit not exactly in the same terms) in TLET’s
statement of claim in Suit 226. I reproduce the relevant paragraphs of TLET’s
statement of claim in Suit 226: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

8AB 5250.

6\. On or about 7 February 2020 following the subsequent meeting on 6 February
2020 which again was attended by the various representatives from [TLET],
[G-Con] and [Precise], [TLET] agreed and wrote to [Precise] authorizing
[Precise] to deduct and pay to [TLET] project moneys owing by [Precise] to
[G-Con], so as to discharge [G-Con’s] debts to [TLET] in full if not at least
in part.

7\. Believing that [TLET] would be paid by [Precise] instead for the matters
set out above, [TLET] allowed [G-Con] to continue using the rental equipment
on site.

8\. In breach of their promise/agreement to pay [TLET] direct, [Precise]
subsequently paid the progress claim of S$811 ,316.78 to [G-Con] instead on or
about 24 February 2020, out of which sum [G-Con] had only paid S$100,000.00 to
[TLET], leaving the sum of S$1,810,702.70 which remains payable and unpaid.

70 The right asserted by Ten-League in Suit 226 was its contractual
entitlement to be paid by G-Con under the Rental Agreements. Here, Ten-League
asserts a related, but not inconsistent, right that arises from a purported
agreement between different parties. The Rental Agreements have been pleaded
in this suit and their validity is consistent with Ten-League’s case. Ten-
League has stressed that it is not taking the position that the Direct Payment
Agreement settles, supersedes or extinguishes G-Con’s debt under the Rental
Agreements. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS at para 228.

As such, I agree that successfully establishing the Direct Payment Agreement
would not in any way undermine the judgment in Suit 226. It is also important
to note that Ten-League accepts that the principle of double recovery applies,
and therefore any risk in that regard can be dealt with when damages are
considered. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PCS at para 229.

71 Thus, I reject Mr Choo’s argument that the doctrine of approbation and
reprobation bars Ten-League’s claims.

Extended res judicata

72 The extended doctrine of res judicata comes from the following passage from
the English decision of Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100 (“Henderson”)
at 115:

… [W]here a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a Court of competent jurisdiction, the Court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(except under special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same
subject of litigation in respect of matter which might have been brought
forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward,
only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident,
omitted part of their case. The plea of res judicata applies, except in
special cases, not only to points upon which the Court was actually required
by the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point
which properly belonged to the subject of litigation, and which [the] parties,
exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at the time. …

73 The doctrine is well-established in Singapore law (see, for example, The
Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT
International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties)
and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104). In Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and
others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453, Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was), explained
that the court should not adopt an inflexible or unyielding attitude but
should remain guided by the balance to be found in the tension between the
demands of ensuring that a litigant who has a genuine claim is allowed to
press his case in court and recognising that there is a point beyond which
repeated litigation would be unduly oppressive to the defendant. The inquiry
should not be directed at whether the issue raised in the later proceedings
could have been raised in the earlier proceedings, but directed at whether it
ought reasonably to have been: at [53].

74 In the present case, I am not satisfied that the defendants have shown that
the present claims against them should have been brought in Suit 226 instead.
It bears reiterating that Suit 226 was between TLET and G-Con, and was
premised on the Rental Agreements. This suit, on the other hand, is between
Ten-League and Precise and Mr Choo, premised on a distinct alleged contract.
Precise’s submissions focus on the fact that Ten-League could have been
brought in Suit 226. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1DCS at paras 257–258.

As explained by Menon JC in Goh Nellie, this is insufficient to give rise to
an abuse of process.

75 Mr Choo focuses on the fact that Ten-League is relying on fundamentally the
same set of facts in these proceedings as they did in Suit 226. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

2DCS at paras 412, 414.

However, the facts giving rise to liability for breach of any Direct Payment
Agreement are distinct from those which gave rise to G-Con’s liability under
the Rental Agreements. This is unlike Manas Kumar Ghosh v MSI Ship Management
Pte Ltd and others [2021] 4 SLR 935 (“Manas Kumar Ghosh”) which Mr Choo cites.
In Manas Kumar Ghosh, the plaintiff suffered injuries while working on board a
vessel. He first commenced a suit against the owner of the vessel in
negligence, which was ultimately settled. Six months later, he brought another
suit, also in negligence, in respect of the same injury, against two ship
managers of the vessel. There, the court rightly noted that the plaintiff was
“covering the same ground already traversed” in the previous suit. In this
case, however, it cannot be said that the existence of the Direct Payment
Agreement was traversed in Suit 226. As I have covered at [69] above, I do not
see the present claim to be inconsistent with that in Suit 226.

76 Mr Choo also argues that this is a collateral attack on the decision in
Summons 1449 as it is a “backdoor means of enforcing the [judgment in Suit
226]”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

2DCS at para 419.

I do not agree that this is the case. Ten-League is simply pursuing separate
claims against separate parties, albeit in respect of the same loss. Leaving
aside the rule against double recovery, there is nothing barring Ten-League
from doing so.

77 I therefore do not agree that Ten-League is barred from bringing the
present proceedings against Precise and Mr Choo.

Was there a Direct Payment Agreement?

The applicable legal principles

78 The Direct Payment Agreement is an oral agreement purportedly reached at
the 6 Feb Meeting. The principles for determining whether an oral agreement
was reached were set out by the court in ARS v ART and another [2015] SGHC 78
(“ARS”) at [53]:

(a) the court will consider the relevant documentary evidence (such as written
correspondence) and contemporaneous conduct of the parties at the material
time;

(b) where possible, the court should first look at the relevant documentary
evidence;

(c) the availability of relevant documentary evidence reduces the need to rely
solely on the credibility of witnesses in order to ascertain if an oral
agreement exists;

(d) oral testimony may be less reliable as it is based on the witness’
recollection and it may be affected by subsequent events (such as the dispute
between parties);

(e) credible oral testimony may clarify the existing documentary evidence;

(f) where the witness is not legally trained, the court should not place undue
emphasis on the choice of words; and

(g) if there is little or no documentary evidence, the court will nevertheless
examine the precise factual matrix to ascertain if there was an oral agreement
concluded between the parties.

79 In order to establish that the Direct Payment Agreement was reached, Ten-
League must show that there was offer and acceptance, that the bargain was
supported by consideration, and that parties intended to create legal
relations: Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009]
2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon Ing”) at [47], [63], [64] and [71]. An offer “must
consist of a definite promise to be bound, provided that certain specified
terms are accepted”: Gay Choon Ing at [47], citing M P Furmston, Cheshire,
Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract (Oxford University Press, 15th Ed, 2007)
at p 40. An acceptance is “a final and unqualified expression of assent to the
terms of an offer”: citing Edwin Peel, Treitel: The Law of Contract (Sweet &
Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para 2-015.

80 Unlike the typical contract, the Direct Payment Agreement involves more
than two parties. Ten-League refers to it as a “tripartite” contract but, as
Mr Choo rightly points out, on Ten-League’s case there are in fact four
parties to the Direct Payment Agreement (TLET, TLC, Precise and G-Con).
Counsel for Ten-League explained that the term “tripartite” was appropriate
because TLET and TLC were acting collectively as a group. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

3 November 2022 Transcript, p 25 lines 16–25.

In any event, the number of alleged parties to the contract does not
materially affect the contractual analysis. In Cooperatieve Centrale
Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA v Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 63
(“CCRB”), there was alleged to have been an agreement entered into between
three parties (at [9]). In setting out the relevant principles, the Court of
Appeal did not consider any rule that set tripartite agreements apart from
bilateral agreements (at [46]–[50]).

81 As recognised in KLW Holdings Ltd v Straitsworld Advisory Ltd and another
[2017] 5 SLR 184 (“KLW Holdings”) at [54] (citing Malayan Banking Bhd v Lauw
Wisanggeni [2003] 4 SLR(R) 287 at [12]), there is no requirement in tripartite
agreements that consideration must benefit each and every other party. This
flows from the trite principle that, while consideration must move from the
promisor, it need not necessarily move to the promisee. Thus, in respect of
the requirement of consideration, Ten-League simply must show that
consideration was provided by each of the alleged parties to the Direct
Payment Agreement.

82 The evidence adduced at trial, however, shows that the Direct Payment
Agreement was not reached.

The contemporaneous documentary evidence

83 On Ten-League’s case, negotiations leading up to the Direct Payment
Agreement began on 14 January 2020. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PCS at para 100.

84 The first relevant documents are the letters between parties on 31 January
2020. The 31 January G-Con Letter was a letter from G-Con to Precise.
Formally, it did not involve Ten-League, but it was in fact drafted by Mr Lim
Teck Meng. The 31 Jan G-Con Letter was a request by G-Con that Precise make
direct payment to Ten-League (see [15] above). The Draft Acknowledgement was
meant to be Precise’s acceptance of this request. The Draft Acknowledgement
was also drafted by Ten-League. It is useful to set out the text of the Draft
Acknowledgement in full: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

3AB 2302.

In consideration of TLC agreeing to continue leasing their equipment to you so
that our job can be completed in time and your request to pay TLC whatever
that is due to you up to a maximum of SGD 2 million,

We hereby warrants that whatever is due to you will be made payable to TLC
until the maximum of SGD 2 million is paid or up till 31st December 2021,
whichever is earlier.

We will also make full payment to TLC on or before 31st March 2020 for
whatever that is payable to you for all the work done. Should there be any
further payments to you, whether for this project or for additional
rewards/rebate/bonus or whatsoever, we will make payment to TLC until the full
SGD2 million is fully paid.

As per your request, no payment will be made to you until the SGD 2million is
fully paid.

[emphasis added]

85 This was not a simple acknowledgement of a request from G-Con to make
direct payment to a supplier. It was a carefully worded document which
provided that Precise promised to make that direct payment, and did so in
exchange for TLC continuing to lease the Equipment to G-Con. This is
especially so given Precise’s use of words such as “consideration” and  
“warrants”, as well as the manner in which Precise’s obligations under the
Direct Payment Agreement are framed. This language appears to at least raise
the possibility that the Draft Acknowledgement would constitute a binding
agreement between G-Con and Precise that was enforceable by Ten-League. On
Ten-League’s case, the Draft Acknowledgement was a letter which recognised a
direct payment agreement between Precise, G-Con and Ten-League. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PCS at para 105(b).

Because Ten-League was responsible for drafting the Draft Acknowledgment, this
sheds important light on Ten-League’s intentions and wishes at the time. Ten-
League wanted an enforceable agreement as against Precise.

86 However, Precise did not agree to sign the Draft Acknowledgment. Ms Poon’s
response via e-mail on behalf of Precise was ultimately that: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

3AB 2306.

We have our own arrangement with G-Con, if required, hence it is not necessary
for your side to initiate an acknowledgement letter.

87 Precise’s “own arrangement with G-Con” then came, in the form of the 4 Feb
Letter. The following extract from the 4 Feb Letter is relevant: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

3AB 2325–2326.

2. Purely to assist in your Company’s cash flow and without any obligation to do so, our agreement to assist in making direct payment to your direct sub-contractor from the assessed monthly progress payments was on the basis of the following conditions mutually agreed. Such arrangement: 

…

(b) shall not purport to create any Sub-Contract relationship between us and
your direct sub-contractor;

(c) payment (after deducting supply of construction materials on your
Company’s behalf, etc.) shall be made out to your direct sub-contractor
subject to your assessment and confirmation on the actual amount payable;

…

[emphasis added]

88 The difference between the 4 Feb Letter and the Draft Acknowledgement is
stark. Under the terms of the 4 Feb Letter, Precise acceded to G-Con’s request
in the 31 Jan G-Con Letter purely to assist G-Con, and without any obligation
to do so. Thus, Precise was clear in this letter that it was not making a
promise, whether to G-Con or Ten-League, to make direct payment to Ten-League.
It was simply accepting G-Con’s request. This is unlike the Draft
Acknowledgement, where Precise promised to perform G-Con’s request. This
difference between the two documents represents the difference between Ten-
League and Precise at the time: Ten-League wanted an enforceable agreement as
against Precise, whereas Precise was only prepared to make direct payment on a
goodwill basis.

89 Ten-League’s witnesses confirmed that they understood the 4 Feb Letter as
indicating Precise’s desire not to enter into a binding contractual
relationship with Ten-League. Mr Jison Lim stated the following in cross-
examination: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

23 August 2022 Transcript, p 51 line 8 to p 52 line 13.

Q. … I’m just going to put it to you, Mr Lim, that you were aware of the terms
and conditions in Precise’s letter of 4 February 2020. You can either agree or
disagree.

…

A. I’m aware.

…

Q. And because you are aware of the terms and conditions, you also know that
Precise’s proposal for direct payment was on the basis that there would be no
contractual relationship between Ten-League and Precise?

A. By “agreement”, it would mean that there’s a contractual relationship?

Q. That’s not my question. My question is: you were aware that Precise’s
proposal for direct payment was on the basis that there would be no
contractual relationship between Ten-League and Precise; right?

A. Yes.

Similarly, Mr Lim Teck Meng said: 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

22 August 2022 Transcript, p 78 lines 2–22.

Q. … Now, you received a copy of this letter on 4 February 2020; right?

A. Yes.

Q. And you read the letter?

A. Yes.

Q. And because you read the letter, you would have realised, at paragraph
2(b), that Precise still did not want to create any subcontract relationship
with Ten-League, even though they were agreeable to making direct payment?

A. Yes.

Q. In fact, if you look at paragraph 2, right at the top, would you agree with
me that Precise was expressing their intention that this direct payment was
purely to assist G-Con’s cashflow and as a matter of goodwill?

A. Yes.

Q. Would you agree with me that if you look at the letter of 4 February as a
whole, it was very clear that Precise was trying to avoid entering into any
binding obligation with Ten-League?

A. Yes.

90 Also, notably, in the 4 Feb Letter, Precise did not make any request that
G-Con or Ten-League do anything in return. Specifically, there was no
reference to “TLC agreeing to continue leasing their equipment to [G-Con] so
that [the Project] can be completed in time”, as there was in the Draft
Acknowledgement. On Ten-League’s case, the 4 Feb Letter was a counteroffer by
Precise (see [40] above). It is curious that Precise’s counteroffer does not
even refer to Ten-League’s alleged end of the contractual bargain. In any
case, Ten-League’s characterisation of the 4 Feb Letter as a counteroffer is
unconvincing. An offer “must consist of a definite promise to be bound,
provided that certain specified terms are accepted”: Gay Choon Ing at [47].
The 4 Feb Letter contained no such promise to be bound, much less a promise to
be bound to Ten-League. While the 4 Feb Letter was sent by e-mail to Ten-
League, it was not even addressed to them. There was nothing in the 4 Feb
Letter that could possibly objectively show that Precise intended to be bound
upon acceptance of its conditions stated in the letter. Ten-League was aware
of this (see [89] above). Thus, the 4 Feb Letter could not have been accepted
to form a binding agreement (see Overseas Union Insurance Ltd v Turegum
Insurance Co [2001] 2 SLR(R) 285 at [28]), and therefore cannot be considered
a counteroffer.

91 I pause to note that parties appear to take a different interpretation of
para 2(b) of the 4 Feb Letter. Ten-League takes this para to provide only that
“there would be no sub-contract relationship (as opposed to a contractual
relationship arising from the terms of any direct payment arrangement itself)
between Precise and [Ten-League] such that [Ten-League] would be considered a
sub-contractor of Precise”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS at para 105(f)(iv).

Ten-League appears to be drawing a distinction between a sub-contractual
relationship and a contractual relationship. In essence, Ten-League submits
that para 2(b) does not amount to an expression of Precise’s intention that
there should be no contract between Precise and Ten-League. I wholly reject
this suggestion as it is contrived and unsupported by evidence. As stated at
[78(f)] above, it is important that the court should not place undue weight on
specific words used by witnesses who are not legally trained. Ms Poon
explained that, as per Precise’s usual practice with direct payment
arrangements, “all obligations under Precise’s sub-contracts would remain
unchanged and no new contractual relationship between Precise and the
suppliers would be created” [emphasis added]. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PSS at para 59 (BAEIC 127).

Ms Poon was asked about this in cross-examination: 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

26 August 2022 Transcript, p 120 lines 13–22.

Q. Does it actually say here that there is no contractual relationship that
will arise out of this arrangement for direct payment?

A. That is stated in item 2(b).

Q. [2(b)] uses the word “Sub-Contract”. I am asking you does it say there is
no contractual relationship?

A. Between?

Q. Ten-League and Precise.

A. Yes.

92 I find that para 2(b), in the context of the 4 Feb Letter as a whole, made
clear that Precise “did not want to enter into a contractual relationship with
Ten-League.” 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

1DCS at para 121.

In fact, Ten-League’s own witness’s evidence (at [89] above) supports this
interpretation. In oral closing submissions, Ten-League’s counsel appeared to
have dropped this contention when he accepted that until 4 February 2020, it
was clear to Ten-League that Precise did not want to enter into a contract
with it, but that this understanding ceased by the time of the 6 Feb Meeting.
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

3 November 2022 Transcript, p 37 lines 1–14.

93 As mentioned earlier at [20], the 4 Feb Letter was unsatisfactory to Ten-
League and their objections were recorded in the 4 Feb E-mail. However, I
should note that the 4 Feb E-mail does not raise concerns about the fact that
the 4 Feb Letter clearly does not contemplate Precise undertaking an
obligation to make direct payment. According to Ten-League, “anything short of
an enforceable agreement would have been commercially meaningless”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at para 104.

If this was true, Ten-League would certainly have responded that the
unequivocal 4 Feb Letter was not acceptable because it did not contemplate an
enforceable agreement.

94 Instead, Ten-League only raised two problems with the 4 Feb Letter: 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

1DCS at para 105(h).

(a) there was no timing given for the payment date; and

(b) it provided that Precise would pay to Ten-League whatever was left after
deduction and subject to G-Con’s assessment and confirmation on the actual
amount payment.

Neither Mr Jison Lim nor Mr Lim Teck Meng explained why no concern was raised
with Precise’s refusal to undertake an obligation to make direct payment or
enter a contractual relationship with Ten-League. In fact, their evidence
confirms that the two issues raised in the 4 Feb E-mail were the only two
issues with the 4 Feb Letter. Mr Jison Lim’s evidence is that the 4 Feb Letter
was “too vague and lacked important details such as payment schedule or even
quantum.” 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

JL at para 45 (BAEIC 15).

Mr Lim Teck Meng’s evidence is that the letter was “lacking in substance” and
complained of its “vagueness”. Essentially, the 4 Feb Letter was
unsatisfactory to him because “Precise proposed only to pay Ten-League any
amount that G-Con had agreed for them to pay on their behalf, without
mentioning that G-Con had agreed to do so.” 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

LTM at para 45 (BAEIC 49).

Thus, the conclusion to be drawn from the 4 Feb E-mail and Ten-League’s
evidence is that Ten-League did not take issue with Precise’s stipulation that
they would not be under any obligation to make direct payment.

95 There are no contemporaneous minutes of the 6 Feb Meeting. The next
relevant document is therefore the 7 Feb Letter from G-Con to Precise which
was sent the day after. It is important to note that the 7 Feb Letter was
drafted by Mr Lim Teck Meng (see [23] above). The 7 Feb Letter stated: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

4AB 2333.

I refer to [the 4 Feb Letter] on the request to pay directly to our sub-
contractor, TLG.

We are acceptable to your terms and hereby authorise you to pay to TLG, and
deduct from the amount payable to us, the following amount:

On or before| Amount  
---|---  
28-Feb-20| $800,000  
31-Mar-20| $700,000  
30-Apr-20| $500,000  
Total Amount| $2,000,000  
  
If the amount payable to me is less than $2m, please make whatever amount
available to TLG.

I will pay TLG for the shortfall.

[emphasis added]

96 It is Ten-League’s pleaded case that the 7 Feb Letter was issued “pursuant
to the [Direct Payment Agreement].” 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 20 (SDB 87).

In closing submissions, it confirms that the 7 Feb Letter was either: an
assessment and confirmation pursuant to the Direct Payment Agreement; or an
acceptance of an offer made by Precise at the 6 Feb Meeting (see [40] above).
Thus, in all the forms of Ten-League’s case, the 7 Feb Letter is consistent
with the Direct Payment Arrangement.

97 A few conclusions can be drawn from the 7 Feb Letter. First, as suggested
by the phrase “if the amount payable to me is less than $2m”, the precise
amount payable by Precise to G-Con pursuant to the G-Con Sub-contract had not
been determined. Second, even following the 6 Feb Meeting, the terms stated in
the 4 Feb Letter were “acceptable”. Finally, and most importantly, the 7 Feb
Letter directly addresses Ten-League’s two concerns stated in the 4 Feb
E-mail. There was now a stipulated timeline of three instalments of direct
payments. There was also a confirmation from G-Con of the amounts that Precise
was authorised to directly pay to Ten-League. This directly addressed Ten-
League’s concern that the 4 Feb Letter provided that direct payments were
subject to G-Con’s confirmation and assessment. Now, Precise was authorised to
pay Ten-League specified amounts. It is a fair inference that these two points
were ironed out in the meeting the day before.

98 The importance of the 7 Feb Letter was not lost on Mr Lim Teck Meng, who
drafted the letter himself: 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

22 August 2022 Transcript, p 84 (line 14) to p 86 (lines 16).

Q. According to your evidence, you drafted this letter; right?

A. Yes.

Q. And if you look at paragraph 61 of your affidavit, it says that this letter
was to formalise the payment arrangement agreed on 6 February; right?

A. Yes.

Q. So this was a very important letter?

A. Yes.

Q. And you knew it was a very important letter --

A. Yes.

Q. -- because if anything went wrong, Ten-League would rely on this letter to
enforce payment directly against Precise; correct?

A. Yes.

Q. You would, therefore, have taken a lot of care to draft this letter?

A. Yes.

…

Q. You also agree that there’s no reference to an oral agreement reached on 6
February in this letter; correct?

A. Yes.

Q. Now, in fact, wouldn’t you agree with me that this letter refers to the
terms contained in Precise’s letter dated 4 February and accepts the terms
there unconditionally?

A. Yes.

Q. Now, you also agree this letter does not refer or contain any assurance or
conditions that the equipment is to be used -- sorry, let me rephrase that.
You also confirm that this letter does not contain any condition in which Ten-
League has to keep the equipment on site until the completion of the works?

A. Yes.

99 Mr Lim Teck Meng relied on a “3 parties” agreement reached at the 6 Feb
Meeting in his 13 March E-mail. However, what the 13 March E-mail says exactly
is: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

4AB 2466.

WE refer to our meeting on or about 6th February 2020, Where we had discussed
and agreed that G-con could give you the attached letter to authorise direct
payment to Ten-League. We had then obtained the said letter, as attached.

It is based on this trust that Ten-League continued to let G-con use out
machines.

…

Based on 3 parties agreement [Precise, Ten League and G-con]  
Ten-League had fulfilled our agreement to let G-Con continue the use of our
equipment to complete the punggol site work.

…

100 The 13 March Email was not contemporaneous, but issued many days after
receipt of G-Con’s $100,000 cheque, and even after Ten-League had commenced
action against G-Con on 11 March. Ms Poon replied on 17 March with a robust
rejection of its content. It is not reliable evidence of any agreement reached
by parties on 6 February.

101 In my view, the picture that emerges from the documentary evidence is
clear. Ten-League wished to obtain direct payment from Precise. It threatened
to shut the Equipment down in order to convince Precise to do so. Ten-League’s
first aim was to obtain an agreement from Precise that it could enforce, and
it sought to do so in the Draft Acknowledgement. Precise did not agree.
However, Precise was not opposed to providing Ten-League with direct payment,
as long as it was not obliged to do so and any arrangement remained solely
between it and G-Con. Precise set this out in the 4 Feb Letter. While this was
not exactly what Ten-League wanted (because it was not an enforceable
agreement), it was still acceptable and commercially meaningful to Ten-League
because it still meant that Precise was likely to make direct payment to it
(see [119] below). After all, Precise had the means to pay, was a reputable
company, and entered direct payment arrangements (on a gratuitous promise
basis) with other parties. Also, there was no incentive for Precise not to
carry out the direct payment because it owed that money to G-Con anyway.
However, the problem for Ten-League was that it did not want the amount that
G-Con was prepared to allow to be paid directly to Ten-League to be up in the
air with no timeline. Thus, the two concerns in the 4 Feb E-mail were raised.
This problem was presumably addressed by parties at the 6 Feb Meeting, because
the 7 Feb Letter came the day after, drafted by Ten-League, accepting the
terms of the 4 Feb Letter but confirming the specific amounts that G-Con was
prepared to pay Ten-League and the appropriate timeline.

102 The documentary evidence therefore reflects that no tripartite oral
agreement was reached between parties at the 6 Feb Meeting. Parties went into
the 6 Feb Meeting with Precise having clearly expressed its position that it
would not be entering into a contract with Ten-League. Even so, the
arrangement carried commercial benefit to Ten-League, who accepted that the
arrangement would be on the terms of the 4 February letter. This was expressed
in the 7 Feb Letter which Ten-League drafted.

Ten-League’s oral evidence

103 Three Ten-League witnesses were present at the 6 Feb Meeting: Mr Lim Teck
Meng, Mr Jison Lim and Ms Zhang. All three gave the same account of the
meeting. The main agenda of the meeting was to “discuss Ten-League’s shutting
down of the Equipment”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

JL at para 54 (BAEIC 17).

Ms Poon and Precise knew that “the Equipment had been stopped… and… would not
be restarted, and G-Con would not be allowed to use Ten-League’s machines,
unless there was some assurance that Precise would make payment to Ten-League
of amounts that it was due to pay G-Con.” 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

JL at para 55 (BAEIC 17).

Hence, the discussion “revolved around how much Precise would be paying to
G-Con, and how much of this sum Precise would be able to pay Ten-League.” 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

JL at para 56 (BAEIC 18).

Accordingly, “Ten-League proposed that any sums due to be paid to G-Con from
Precise be authorised to be paid to Ten-League instead.” It was agreed that
“the monies would be paid to Ten-League in the following manner: a) S$800,000
by February 2020; b) S$600,000 by March 2020; and c) S$600,000 by April 2020.”
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

JL at para 58 (BAEIC 18); JL at para 61 (BAEIC 19).

In return, Ten-League would “allow the Equipment to continue to be used on the
Project” and “cap the remaining rental under the Rental Agreements at S$2
million.” 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

JL at para 59 (BAEIC 19).

104 The first point to note is that none of Ten-League’s witnesses gave
evidence that the 4 Feb Letter was discussed at the meeting. Nor did they give
evidence that the issue of whether Precise was going to undertake an
obligation, either to Ten-League or G-Con, to make direct payment was
discussed. In cross-examination, Mr Lim Teck Meng accepted that the purpose of
the 6 Feb Meeting was to discuss the 4 Feb Letter: 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

22 August 2022 Transcript, p 80 (line 24) to p 81 (line 2).

Q. So I’m going to ask you again: so the main purpose of that meeting was to
discuss the terms in Precise’s letter of 4 February. Do you agree or disagree?

A. Yes.

Given that this was the case, the absence of any evidence on discussions about
Precise’s firm position that it would only agree to direct payment on a
goodwill basis and without an obligation to do so is telling. It suggests that
no agreement to the contrary was reached at the 6 Feb Meeting.

105 Second, Ten-League’s witnesses have been inconsistent on the nature of the
Direct Payment Agreement. As is clear from [103] above, the position of Ten-
League’s witnesses in their affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) was that
an agreement was reached at the 6 Feb Meeting whereby Ten-League would be paid
the sum of $2m in three fixed instalments. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

JL at para 64 (BAEIC 20).

This aligns with Ten-League’s position in its pleadings and in its opening
statement (see [108] below). In contrast, Ten-League’s position in closing
submissions is that these instalments were not fixed but were subject to
legitimate deductions. This reflects what Mr Lim Teck Meng accepted in cross-
examination: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

22 August 2022 Transcript, p 149 (lines 11–18).

MR L TAN: So, Mr Lim, just to catch your answer, I said the figure of 800, 600
and 600 was suggested by you. You say it’s actually by Mr Jison Lim?

A. Yes.

Q. But you know that that 800 was not a fixed figure?

A. Yes.

Q. You know that it is subject to deductions; correct?

A. Yes.

In my view, this is a clear change of case that undermines Ten-League’s
submission that an agreement was reached at the 6 Feb Meeting. Ten-League’s
witnesses have been inconsistent on a key aspect of any Direct Payment
Agreement: whether the sums paid were determined and fixed, or whether they
were subject to future assessment.

106 Finally, Ten-League’s witnesses did not even give clear evidence that they
had told Precise’s representatives at the 6 Feb Meeting that they would shut
the Equipment down unless Precise promised to make direct payment. Mr Jison
Lim and Mr Lim Teck Meng state that Precise “knew” this. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

JL at para 55 (BAEIC 17); LTM at para 53 (BAEIC 51).

Ms Zhang was more specific, and testified that “it was clear to [her] that
based on the previous correspondence in the WhatsApp Group Chat that Ms Poon
(and Precise) knew” that this was the case. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

ZJT at para 20 (BAEIC 75).

There was therefore no clear evidence that the threat of shutting the
Equipment down was even repeated at the 6 Feb Meeting, such that Precise could
have agreed, in exchange, to commit to a Direct Payment Agreement. While it is
true that Precise was at all times aware of Ten-League’s threat to shut the
Equipment down, Precise’s response to this was to offer only a non-binding
gratuitous promise to G-Con in the 4 Feb Letter. When Ten-League did not raise
issue with this in the 4 Feb E-mail, Precise had no reason to believe that it
needed to offer anything more. It would have been reasonable for Precise to
think that the problem could be resolved without them entering into an
enforceable agreement with Ten-League.

Veracity of Ten-League’s narrative

107 The lack of clarity and credibility in the Ten-League narrative is further
reflected in the inconsistency between its closing statement and its
pleadings.

108 Ten-League’s pleaded case is that the Direct Payment Agreement was an
agreement between parties that “G-Con would make direct payments of amounts
due from Precise to Ten-League at set amounts and timelines. In exchange, Ten-
League would not terminate the Rental Agreements and continue permitting its
machines to be used on the Project. Ten-League would cap the remaining rent at
$2 million”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 17 (SDB 86).

The terms of the Direct Payment Agreement were: 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 18 (SDB 86).

(a) Precise would make direct payment to Ten-League of the sums of $800,000 by
February 2020, $600,000 by March 2020 and $600,000 by April 2020 from the
amount due to G-Con;

(b) Ten-League would allow its machines to continue to be used on the Project;
and

(c) Ten-League would cap the remaining rental at $2m.

The 7 Feb Letter was then issued “pursuant to” the Direct Payment Agreement.
While the 31 March 2020 and 30 April 2020 payments stated in the 7 Feb Letter
were not identical to those agreed in the Direct Payment Agreement, neither
Precise nor Ten-League objected to this “[v]ariation” of the Direct Payment
Agreement. This contention of fixed sums being paid by Precise to Ten-League
at fixed dates was also reflected in Ten-League’s Opening Statement.

109 In contrast, in closing submissions, Ten-League now takes the position
that the Direct Payment Agreement contemplated Precise making legitimate
deductions from the sum that it owed G-Con. The concept of legitimate
deductions being a term of the Direct Payment Agreement was not pleaded in the
Statement of Claim. In fact, it runs contrary to what was pleaded in the
Reply, which was that the Direct Payment Agreement was for set amounts to be
paid according to a timeline. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Reply to the first defendant’s defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 12 (SDB 169).

The change reflects, instead, concessions made by its witnesses and the
weakness of its claim.

110 Therefore, even putting aside the difficulty presented by the pleadings, I
do not accept Ten-League’s evidence that a Direct Payment Agreement was
reached at the 6 Feb Meeting.

The defendants’ oral evidence

111 Ms Poon and Ms Pang were present for Precise at the 6 Feb Meeting. Ms Poon
testified that she told Ten-League that Precise could not propose any fixed
dates or quantum of direct payment, and that any amount that Precise would owe
to G-Con could not yet be ascertained. Precise could only advise on the amount
payable to G-Con when it issued its subsequent payment certificates. Further,
she told them that any direct payment agreement would be subject to the terms
and conditions set out in the 4 Feb Letter, including that such arrangement is
solely between Precise and G-Con. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PSS at paras 46–48 (BAIEC 123–124).

112 I accept this evidence. It is only reasonable that Precise would reiterate
at the 6 Feb Meeting that any agreement would be subject to the terms of the 4
Feb Letter. After all, it had been their consistent position through
negotiations that any direct payment agreement would be subject to their
terms. Ten-League accepts that this was Precise’s position at the prior 14 Jan
Meeting. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

JL at para 26–27 (BAEIC 10).

113 The fact that Precise did not know how much it would owe to G-Con under
the G-Con Sub-contract was not challenged by Ten-League. This was in any case
likely to be true, because the G-Con Sub-contract was a measurement contract
(see [4] above). The fact that Precise did not object to the 7 Feb Letter
despite the fact that it contained specific sums payable at specific dates can
be explained by the qualifier that immediately followed: “If the amount
payable to me is less than $2m, please make whatever amount available to TLG.”
Thus, these specific sums adding up to $2m were simply the maximum that
Precise was authorised to pay to Ten-League, rather than sums that they were
obliged to pay.

114 Thus, I accept the evidence of Precise’s witnesses regarding the 6 Feb
Meeting. Their evidence is consistent with the documentary evidence.

The extrinsic evidence

115 Finally, I will consider some of the extrinsic evidence which supports my
finding that no Direct Payment Agreement was reached at the 6 Feb Meeting.

116 First, Ten-League stresses how important it was to Precise that the
Equipment remained at G-Con’s disposal for works on the Project, such that the
project would not be delayed. Ten-League describes this as its “leverage” over
Precise. Ten-League relies on the following facts to show that the Equipment
was important to Precise: piling was not complete; piling was already late to
complete; Precise had not actually deployed additional piling contractors,
suppliers or resources; and Precise scrambled to issue the 4 Feb Letter when
Ten-League threatened to shut down the machines. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 114(c).

However, Ms Poon’s evidence is that as at 6 February 2020, close to 92% of the
bored piles had been completed. As part of Precise’s contingency plan, she had
already sourced for quotations for boring rigs from another supplier, JP
Nelson, at the end of January 2020. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PSS at para 55 (BAEIC 126).

There is e-mail correspondence in evidence which shows Ms Poon asking for said
quotation. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

3AB 2279.

Her evidence on the stand was that “piling machines are easily available in
the market” and that it would only take two or three days to remobilise other
machines. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

26 August 2022 Transcript, p 46 (lines 9–12).

Even Mr Jison Lim’s evidence was that “Ten-League’s equipment was no longer
required” by the time Precise paid G-Con on 4 March 2020. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

JL at para 79 (BAEIC 24).

117 In the WhatsApp correspondence leading up to the issuance of the 4 Feb
Letter, Ms Zhang said (at 2.49pm) that the Equipment would be shut down at
3.00pm and asked Ten-League to “quickly issue” the 4 Feb Letter. In response,
Ms Poon told Ms Zhang to “stop issuing… threats and to show sincerity if [she
was] indeed looking upon [Precise] to assist in [Ten-League’s] debt.” 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

5AB 3358.

This shows that Precise did not issue the 4 Feb Letter in response to a
threat. In fact, the opposite was true. Precise issued the 4 Feb Letter
because it was amenable to assisting Ten-League by entering an arrangement
with G-Con, despite Ten-League’s threats.

118 In light of this evidence, it is clear that Ten-League has overstated the
importance of the Equipment to Precise in order to show that Precise had an
incentive to enter an agreement on 6 February 2020.

119 Second, Ten-League makes the point in closing submissions that “anything
short of an enforceable agreement [for Precise to make direct payment] would
have been commercially meaningless” to Ten-League. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCS at para 104.

However, in my view, this is not borne out by the evidence. The reality is
that in January 2020, Ten-League was in a difficult situation whereby it knew
that it would have trouble recovering its debt from G-Con. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PCS at para 100.

Mr Jison Lim testified that he knew of Precise by reputation and that they
have good standing as an established and award-winning local firm. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

JL at para 6 (BAEIC 4).

There is no evidence that Ten-League had any other opportunities to redeploy
the Equipment and terminate the Rental Agreements, nor were such opportunities
pleaded. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

1DCS at 93–94.

In this context, any sort of agreement from Precise, enforceable or
unenforceable, would have some commercial use to Ten-League. There is
therefore no reason for me to infer that, because Ten-League allowed G-Con to
continue using the Equipment between 6 February 2020 and 6 March 2020, the
parties must have reached a binding agreement for direct payment.

Conclusion on the Direct Payment Agreement

120 In conclusion, I find that no Direct Payment Agreement was reached at the
6 Feb Meeting. The documentary evidence makes clear Precise’s position not to
enter a contract with Ten-League. Precise was adamant that any arrangement
would be between itself and G-Con only, and recorded this in the 4 Feb Letter.
This aspect of the 4 Feb Letter was not rejected or clarified by Ten-League in
any of the written correspondence, nor in the 7 Feb Letter which Mr Lim Teck
Meng drafted after the 6 Feb Meeting. Parties went into the 6 Feb Meeting with
Precise’s clear position in mind, and any “agreement” could only have been in
the context of the 4 Feb Letter and therefore non-binding. Precise’s account
of the 6 Feb Meeting was internally consistent, consistent with the
documentary evidence and also the extrinsic evidence. On the other hand, Ten-
League’s account was not.

121 Two consequences follow from this conclusion. First, because there was no
Direct Payment Agreement, there can be no breach to speak of. As such, I do
not consider whether there was a breach nor any damages applicable. Second,
Ten-League accepts that its unlawful conspiracy claim is entirely premised on
the finding that the Direct Payment Agreement existed. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PCS at paras 178–179.

Thus, I do not proceed to consider whether there was an unlawful means
conspiracy to injure Ten-League. The suit against Mr Choo is dismissed on this
basis.

Was there a contract between Precise and G-Con that was enforceable by Ten-
League?

122 Ten-League makes an alternative argument that if the Direct Payment
Agreement was concluded only between Precise and G-Con on the terms as set out
exclusively in the 4 Feb Letter and as accepted by the 7 Feb Letter, Ten-
League may still sue to enforce the terms of that agreement which confer on
them a benefit. Ten-League relies on s 2 of the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed).

123 There is no factual basis for this argument. For there to be a contract
enforceable by Ten-League, there must be a contract between Precise and G-Con.
However, there is no evidence of such a contract between Precise and G-Con.
First, as discussed at [88] above, the 4 Feb Letter is clear that it does not
create any obligation on Precise to make direct payment to Ten-League. This is
made clear from Precise’s statement that it was agreeing to assist in making
direct payments to Ten-League “purely to assist [G-Con]’s cash flow and
without any obligation to do so” [emphasis added]. To my mind, this makes
clear that Precise did not make a “definite promise to be bound” and there was
therefore no offer capable of giving rise to a contract between it and G-Con
(see [90] above). Further, this makes clear that Precise did not intend, by
this arrangement (if it were ever to materialise), to create any legal
relations with G-Con. And as I have found at [112] above, the terms of the 4
Feb Letter persisted throughout parties’ discussions. Second, even on Ten-
League’s case, the main motivation for Precise entering any Direct Payment
Agreement was to secure Ten-League’s continued leasing of the Equipment to
G-Con such that the Project would not be delayed. A contract only between
Precise and G-Con would not result in Ten-League being obliged to do so. There
is therefore no reason why Precise would enter such an agreement. Precise has
been clear that in the 4 Feb Letter it simply consented to an arrangement that
had been proposed by G-Con. This explanation is consistent with the contents
of the 4 Feb Letter.

124 Ten-League points to a statement by Ms Poon in her affidavit filed in
Summons 1449 and argues that she “confirmed on affidavit … that the Direct
Payment Agreement was entered into, and the only dispute is the parties –
whether it included [Ten-League].” 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at para 113(b).

The relevant portion of Ms Poon’s affidavit reads: 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

8AB 5291.

At all times, the agreement was between Precise and [G-Con]. There was never
any agreement between Precise and [Ten-League] for Precise to make direct
payments to [Ten-League].

125 However, this must be read in context. Just a few paragraphs earlier, Ms
Poon stated that Precise had made clear in the 4 Feb Letter that “any
agreement on its part to make direct payments to [Ten-League] was purely to
assist [G-Con’s] cash flow situation and was without any obligation to do so.”
She then stated that in the 7 Feb Letter, G-Con indicated that it was
“agreeable” to the terms in the 4 Feb Letter. This is the “agreement” referred
to by Ms Poon in the paragraph reproduced above. When read in context, it is
clear that she was simply referring to G-Con’s concurrence with Precise’s
clear statement that any direct payment arrangement was purely out of
goodwill.

Is Ten-League entitled to reasonable remuneration for the Equipment?

126 Ten-League argues that its quantum meruit claim is premised on the
doctrine of unjust enrichment arising from Precise’s request that Ten-League
not demobilise its equipment. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

PCS at para 217.

I do not accept Ten-League’s claim in this regard.

127 At the outset, there is no factual basis to Ten-League’s assertion that
Precise requested that Ten-League continue leasing the Equipment.

128 In any event, whether Precise had requested for Ten-League to not
demobilise the machine is irrelevant to the analysis of whether a claim for
unjust enrichment is made out. In this regard, the elements that a plaintiff
must establish in an unjust enrichment claim are (Singapore Swimming Club v
Koh Sin Chong Freddie [2016] 3 SLR 845 (“Singapore Swimming Club”) at [90]):

(a) a benefit has been conferred on, or an enrichment has accrued to the
defendant;

(b) the benefit was conferred at the expense of the plaintiff; and

(c) the enrichment was unjust.

It is immediately clear that there was no enrichment that was unjust. Precise
and G-Con had a contract, pursuant to which any work done by G-Con was paid
for by Precise. In Singapore Swimming Club at [92]–[93], the Court of Appeal
emphasised that unjust enrichment is not based on a general or broad notion of
unconscionability or unjustness. Thus, in order to establish the third element
above, a plaintiff must identify specific grounds of restitution, which are
legally recognised factors that make the defendant’s enrichment unjust and are
thus often referred to as “unjust factors”. Ten-League has not pleaded any
such unjust factor underlying its claim in quantum meruit.

Conclusion

129 For these reasons, I dismiss the suit against both defendants. Parties are
to write in within 14 days regarding their submissions on costs.

Valerie Thean

Judge of the High Court

Daniel Chia Hsiung Wen, Tang Yuan Jonathan and Charlene Wee Swee Ting (Morgan
Lewis Stamford LLC) for the plaintiffs;

Tan Kon Yeng Eugene, Tan Pei Qian Rachel and Lee Wen Yi (Clasis LLC) for the
first defendant;

Tan Shien Loon Lawrence and Tan Pei May (Eldan Law LLP) for the second
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Dec 2022 (10:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

