Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 122

Criminal Case No 29 of 2022

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

CDL  
---  
  
EX TEMPORE judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Benchmark sentences]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Mitigation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

CDL

[2022] SGHC 122

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 29 of 2022  
Tan Siong Thye J  
23 May 2022

23 May 2022

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The accused is [CDL], a 38-year-old male Singaporean. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Facts (Amended) (“SOF”) at para 1.

From September 2014 to October 2015, the accused committed several sexual
assaults against the victim who is his stepdaughter (“the victim”) in a
Housing and Development Board flat (“the flat”). The victim was between nine
and 11 years old at the time of the offences. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF at para 2.

2 The accused faces the following charges:

That you, [CDL],

1ST CHARGE| on a first occasion, sometime between September 2014 to October
2015, at [the flat], did penetrate with your penis, the mouth of [the victim],
then a female under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under section 376(1)(a) and punishable under section
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).  
---|---  
2ND CHARGE| sometime between September 2014 to October 2015, at [the flat],
did attempt to penetrate with your penis, the mouth of [the victim], then a
female under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under section 376(1)(a) and punishable under section
376(4)(b) read with section 511 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).  
3RD CHARGE| on a second occasion, sometime between September 2014 to October
2015, at [the flat], did penetrate with your penis, the mouth of [the victim],
then a female under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under section 376(1)(a) and punishable under section
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).  
4TH CHARGE| on a first occasion, sometime between September 2014 to October
2015, at [the flat], did use criminal force on [the victim], a female then
under 14 years of age, to wit, by rubbing your penis on her vagina, knowing it
to be likely that you will outrage the modesty of the said [victim], and you
have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 354(2) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).  
5TH CHARGE| on a second occasion, sometime between September 2014 to October
2015, at [the flat], did use criminal force on [the victim], a female then
under 14 years of age, to wit, by rubbing your penis on her vagina, knowing it
to be likely that you will outrage the modesty of the said [victim], and you
have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 354(2) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).  
  
3 The Prosecution proceeds against the accused on the 1st charge and the 3rd
charge (“the Charges”). The accused pleaded guilty to the Charges and admitted
to the Statement of Facts without qualification. The accused’s counsel
confirmed that the accused understood the nature and consequences of his plea
and intended to admit to the offences without qualification. Accordingly, I
found the accused guilty and convicted him on the Charges.

4 The accused admitted to and consented to have the remaining three charges
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing (“the TIC Charges”).

The facts

5 After getting married to the victim’s mother, the accused lived in the flat
with the victim’s mother, the victim and other family members. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF at para 4.

The accused took care of the victim and treated her as his own. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at para 5.

On weekdays, the accused would return home from work in the afternoon. The
victim would enter his room as it was air-conditioned and the pair would watch
television together. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at para 6.

The accused and the victim would be alone in the room. The accused would
cuddle the victim while they were lying on the bed and watching television. At
times, the victim would “play around” with the accused and sit on the
accused’s lap with her legs straddling him when he was lying on the bed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at para 7.

6 On two occasions between September 2014 and October 2015, while the victim
was sitting on the accused’s lap, the accused removed the victim’s shorts and
pulled down his own pants. The accused proceeded to rub his penis on the
victim’s vagina. Both the accused and the victim were not wearing underwear at
the material times. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at para 8.

7 A few months later, the accused began to blindfold the victim by tying the
sleeves of his green army t-shirt at the victim’s nose and flipping the bottom
of the shirt over her head, blocking her vision. The accused initially put his
finger into the victim’s mouth, before progressing to putting his penis into
the victim’s mouth when she was blindfolded. The accused did not succeed in
putting his penis into the victim’s mouth on his first attempt. The accused
would pretend that he was merely putting his finger into the victim’s mouth
before placing his penis into her mouth. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at para 9.

On one occasion, the victim asked the accused what he was doing and the
accused replied that he had put his finger into her mouth. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at para 10.

Facts relating to the Charges

8 On one occasion between September 2014 and October 2015, the accused
blindfolded the victim as described at [7] above while they were alone in his
bedroom. The victim lay prone on the bed with her upper body propped up on her
elbows. While standing at the edge of the bed in front of the victim, the
accused inserted his penis into the victim’s mouth and moved his penis in and
out of her mouth. The incident lasted between ten to 15 minutes. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at paras 11 and 13.

9 On another occasion between September 2014 and October 2015, the accused
penetrated the victim’s mouth with his penis using the same modus operandi.
While they were alone in his bedroom, the accused first blindfolded the victim
as described at [7] above. The victim lay prone on the bed with her upper body
propped up on her elbows. The accused then stood at the edge of the bed in
front of the victim and inserted his penis into the victim’s mouth, moving his
penis in and out of her mouth. This incident also lasted between ten to 15
minutes. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF at paras 12 and 13.

10 The victim was between nine and 11 years old when the incidents occurred.
She did not consent to the sexual acts. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF at para 14.

Discovery of the offences

11 The victim did not disclose the sexual abuse to anyone as she lacked the
courage to do so and was worried that her family would be broken up if she
did. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 15.

12 In 2019, while on a trip with her cousins and their family, the victim told
her cousins that the accused had sexually abused her. The victim’s cousins
advised her to speak to her mother and not to keep silent. On 17 September
2019, the victim reported the sexual abuse to her school counsellor and the
matter was escalated to the police the following day on 18 September 2019. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF at para 16.

13 The accused was first arrested on 19 September 2019 and has been in remand
since 13 November 2019. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF at para 3.

The applicable law

14 The accused had committed offences under s 376 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”). The relevant provisions are as follows:

376.—(1) Any man (A) who —

(a) penetrates, with A’s penis, the anus or mouth of another person (B); …

shall be guilty of an offence if B did not consent to the penetration.

…

(4) Whoever —

…

(b) commits an offence under subsection (1) or (2) against a person (B) who is
under 14 years of age,

shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 8 years and
not more than 20 years and shall also be punished with caning with not less
than 12 strokes.

15 The applicable sentencing framework for cases of sexual assault by
penetration (“SAP”) involving digital penetration was set out by the Court of
Appeal in Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”) at
[158]–[160]. In BPH v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 764
(“BPH”), the Court of Appeal held at [55] that the Pram Nair framework applied
to all forms of non-consensual penetration under s 376 of the Penal Code. The
framework involves a two-stage exercise:

(a) First, the court has to ascertain which of the three sentencing bands the
accused’s offences fall within, having regard to the offence-specific factors
(factors relating to the circumstances of the offence, such as the harm caused
to the victim and the manner by which the offence was committed). Once the
appropriate sentencing band has been identified, the court derives an
indicative starting point by determining precisely where within the range of
sentences the present case falls.

(b) Second, the court calibrates the appropriate sentence for the accused by
having regard to the offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors,
such as offences taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing, the
accused’s remorse or his relevant antecedents, if any.

16 The sentencing bands under the Pram Nair framework are summarised as
follows:

Band| Description| Pram Nair (SAP)  
---|---|---  
1| Cases with no or limited  
offence-specific aggravating factors| 7–10 years’ imprisonment, 4 strokes of
the cane  
2| Cases of a higher level of seriousness involving two or more offence-
specific aggravating factors| 10–15 years’ imprisonment, 8 strokes of the cane  
3| Extremely serious cases owing  
to the number and intensity of offence-specific aggravating factors| 15–20
years’ imprisonment, 12 strokes of the cane  
  
17 The Court of Appeal in Pram Nair further explained at [160] that SAP
offences disclosing any of the statutory aggravating factors in s 376(4) of
the Penal Code should fall within Band 2.

Submissions on sentence

18 The Prosecution’s sentencing position is a total of 20 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions (“PSS”) at para 36.

The Defence asks for a global sentence of not more than 16 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plea-in-Mitigation (“PIM”) at para 25.

Charge| Prosecution’s Sentencing Position| Defence’s Sentencing Position  
---|---|---  
1st ChargeAggravated SAPSection 376(1)(a) p/u s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code|
Ten years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane(consecutive)| Eight to ten
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane(consecutive)  
3rd ChargeAggravated SAPSection 376(1)(a) p/u s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code|
Ten years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane(consecutive)| Eight to ten
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane (consecutive)  
  
19 Both the Prosecution and the Defence agree that the offences warrant a
sentence that serves the sentencing objectives of deterrence and retribution.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PSS at para 5; PIM at para 26.

Both the Prosecution and the Defence also agree that the offences fall within
the midpoint of Band 2 of the Pram Nair sentencing framework, with an
indicative starting point of 12 to 13 years’ imprisonment for each of the two
Charges. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PSS at para 17; PIM at para 31.

The sole questions are:

(a) the sentencing discount that should be accorded to the accused on account
of the mitigating factors; and

(b) the global sentence to be imposed bearing in mind the totality principle.

My decision

Sentencing principles

20 The accused’s actions in subjecting his stepdaughter to several instances
of sexual assaults is reprehensible. This case clearly warrants the imposition
of sentences that incorporate the sentencing principles of deterrence and
retribution. It is apparent from the Prosecution’s and the Defence’s
submissions that both parties agree with the application of these operative
sentencing principles in this case. However, they differ on the application of
these principles when it comes to the proposed appropriate deterrent sentences
on the accused.

21 First, on the principle of general deterrence, the Court of Appeal in Lim
Hock Hin Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 1 SLR(R) 37 (“Kelvin Lim”) stated
at [25(a)] as follows:

Abuse of trust and authority: Where an offender is placed in a position of
trust by the parents or by the victims, the breach of trust justifies a
substantial sentence on the ground of general deterrence. All those who have
charge of children cannot abuse their positions for the sake of gratifying
their sexual urges.

[emphasis in original]

22 This is consistent with the findings of V K Rajah J (as he then was) in
Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 at [40] and [42]:

40 Crimes of sexual assault are notoriously difficult to prosecute. …

…

42 … In my view, our courts would be grievously remiss if they did not send an
unequivocal and uncompromising message to all would-be sex offenders that
abusing a relationship or a position of authority in order to gratify sexual
impulse will inevitably be met with the harshest penal consequences. In such
cases, the sentencing principle of general deterrence must figure prominently
and be unmistakably reflected in the sentencing equation.

[emphasis added]

23 The notorious difficulty of prosecuting intrafamilial sexual abuse is
clearly borne out in the prolonged length of time it took for the accused’s
sexual assaults to be uncovered. The victim only disclosed the sexual abuse to
her cousins close to four years after the last incident of sexual abuse. The
accused’s sexual abuse of the victim is a grave abuse of the trust and
authority reposed in him.

24 Second, according to the sentencing principle of retribution, the sentences
imposed must reflect and befit the seriousness of the crime. Where the victims
are young and vulnerable, “the offence becomes much more serious and the
punishment meted on such offenders has to reflect the gravity of the offence”
(Kelvin Lim at [20]). The sentence imposed must reflect the public opprobrium
towards cases of sexual assault committed against young and vulnerable
individuals. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PSS at para 11.

This is consistent with the Court of Appeal’s pronouncement in Public
Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 at [17]:

Our criminal law is, in the final analysis, the public’s expression of
communitarian values to be promoted, defended and preserved. These
communitarian values include the preservation of morality, the protection of
the person… Sentences must protect the fabric of society through the defence
of these values. Community respect is reinforced by dint of the prescription
of appropriate sanctions to proscribe wrongful conduct. A sentence must
therefore appropriately encapsulate, in any given context, the proper degree
of public aversion arising from the particular harmful behaviour as well as
incorporate the impact of the relevant circumstances engendering each offence.

[emphasis added]

Offence-specific factors

25 I turn to consider the indicative starting point of the individual
sentences based on where the offences fall within the Pram Nair framework. I
agree with the Prosecution and the Defence that the offences fall within the
midpoint of Band 2 of the Pram Nair framework, due to the following factors.

Statutory aggravating factor

26 The accused sexually assaulted the victim on several occasions when she was
below 14 years of age. Thus, this case of aggravated SAP falls within Band 2
of the Pram Nair framework by default.

Abuse of position and breach of trust

27 It is clear that the accused abused his position of responsibility and the
trust reposed in him as the victim’s stepfather. The immense trust placed in
the accused is clear from how he was left alone with the victim in his
bedroom. That the accused sexually assaulted the victim when he was left alone
with her behind closed doors points to the ultimate betrayal of trust. This is
indubitably an aggravating factor.

Premeditation and deception

28 On the facts, it is clear when the accused blindfolded the victim that he
premeditated his assaults. I agree with the Prosecution that premeditation and
deception are present when the accused blindfolded the victim as it “was an
attempt to trick the victim into thinking that he was only using his finger
and not his penis on future occasions”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PSS at para 19(d).

As the Prosecution points out, the accused also lied to the victim that he had
only put his finger into her mouth when she asked him what he was doing. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PSS at para 19(d).

Risk of sexually transmitted diseases

29 In BPH, the Court of Appeal held at [61] that the risk of sexually
transmitted diseases is a factor to be considered when assessing the
seriousness of a particular permutation of the offence. I agree with the
Prosecution that the accused’s act of inserting his penis into the victim’s
mouth carried the risk of sexually transmitted diseases 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PSS at para 19(e).

and is accordingly an aggravating factor. The fact that the accused did not
ejaculate into the victim’s mouth or on her person 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PIM at para 11.

does not diminish the aggravating effect of this factor.

Prolonged nature of the assaults

30 I agree with the Prosecution that the sexual assaults, which lasted ten to
15 minutes each, were of a prolonged nature. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PSS at para 19(f).

That the sexual exploitation continued for a sustained period is an
aggravating factor (see GBR v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 3
SLR 1048 (“GBR”) at [28]). While this observation in GBR was made in the
context of outrage of modesty offences, I find that it is similarly applicable
to SAP offences and distinguishes more prolonged and graver instances of SAP
like in the present case from those where the penetrative act occurred for
only a few seconds (see e.g. Public Prosecutor v CCG [2021] SGHC 207 at [17]).

No violence and intimidation used

31 The accused was not violent when he committed the sexual acts on the victim
and she did not suffer any physical injury. The accused also did not
intimidate or coerce the victim into allowing him to perform the sexual acts.

Conclusion on offence-specific factors

32 Having regard to all of the above, I agree with the Prosecution and the
Defence that this case falls within the midpoint of Band 2 of the Pram Nair
framework with an indicative starting sentence of 12.5 years’ imprisonment and
the statutory minimum of 12 strokes of the cane for each of the Charges.

Offender-specific factors

33 The accused has admitted and consented to the TIC Charges being taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing. It is trite that the presence of
TIC charges may result in an uplift in sentence, especially where the TIC
charges and the charges proceeded with are similar in nature (see Ng Kean Meng
Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) at [64(a)]; Public
Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 (“UI”) at [38]).

34 Balancing the aggravating effect of the TIC Charges against the mitigating
factors identified at [35]–[39] below, I find that the individual sentences
for the Charges should be calibrated downward from the indicative starting
point of 12.5 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane to 9 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

Plea of guilt

35 In Terence Ng, the Court of Appeal held at [71] that an offender’s plea of
guilt is an offender-specific mitigating factor. The mitigatory value of a
plea of guilt is assessed in terms of (a) the extent to which it was a signal
of genuine remorse and contrition; (b) the savings in judicial resources it
brought about; and (c) the extent to which it spared the victim the ordeal of
testifying (Terence Ng at [66]). The sentencing discount to be awarded for a
plea of guilt is not fixed in advance but is a fact-sensitive matter (Terence
Ng at [70]–[71]).

36 The accused in this case pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity and
spared the victim the ordeal of reliving her trauma in court. I agree with
both the Prosecution and the Defence that the accused’s plea of guilt is a
mitigating factor that warrants a reduction in sentence. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PSS at para 22; PIM at paras 19 and 41.

It is evident that the accused is sincerely remorseful and contrite for the
sexual acts on the victim.

Voluntary cessation of abuse

37 The Prosecution accepts that the accused voluntarily stopped his sexual
abuse against the victim after slightly more than a year. The accused
acknowledged what he did to the victim was wrong and he made concerted efforts
to stop the sexual assault on the victim. This is a strong mitigating factor.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PSS at para 23.

38 The Defence submits that after the last incident of sexual assault, the
accused was repulsed by his own behaviour and made a commitment to put an end
to his sexual degradation of the victim. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PIM at para 13.

The accused would ensure that he and the victim were always in the living room
or in the company of other persons, which ultimately put an end to his
repugnant thoughts. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PIM at para 14.

Thereafter, for the next few years after October 2015, there were no longer
any other sexual incidents notwithstanding that there were occasions when the
accused was alone with the victim. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PIM at para 15.

39 Having regard to both the Prosecution’s and the Defence’s submissions on
the accused’s voluntary cessation of his sexual abuse, I agree that this is a
cogent mitigating factor as it is indicative of the accused’s remorse and
awareness of his wrongdoing.

Lack of similar antecedents

40 The accused has only one previous conviction for theft in 2010 where a
S$800 fine was imposed. However, as the Court of Appeal stated in BPH at [85],
the absence of antecedents is a neutral factor in the sentencing process.

Forgiveness by the victim

41 The fact that the victim has forgiven the accused 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PIM at para 23.

is irrelevant and is not a mitigating factor. In Terence Ng, the Court of
Appeal made clear at [45(a)] that forgiveness by the victim is irrelevant to
the assessment of the seriousness of the offence, as forgiveness “is a private
matter between the victim and the offender, and should not affect the sentence
imposed on the offender by the courts, which reflects the public interest in
criminal punishment” (citing UI at [56] and [67]). I, therefore, find that the
fact that the victim has forgiven the accused is not a mitigating factor.

Conclusion on offender-specific factors

42 It is clear from the accused’s conduct that he is genuinely remorseful and
contrite for his disgraceful actions. The accused also did not use force to
hurt the victim when he sexually assaulted the victim. He also did not
intimidate the victim. Further, the accused’s psychiatric report does not
indicate that he is a paedophile. Balancing the aggravating effect of the TIC
Charges against the mitigating factors identified above, I find that the
individual sentences imposed for the Charges should be calibrated downward
from the indicative starting point of 12.5 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane to nine years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for each of
the two Charges.

The global sentence

The one-transaction principle

43 The Prosecution and the Defence agree that the sentences for the Charges
should run consecutively. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PSS at para 27; PIM at para 29.

Given that the two instances of SAP were committed on different days, I find
that they represent two separate and distinct incursions into the victim’s
bodily integrity. I am of the view that to order the two sentences for the 1st
charge and the 3rd charge concurrently would not fulfil the twin objectives of
deterrence and retribution and would give the accused an undeserved discount
for multiple assaults. I, therefore, agree that the sentences for the Charges
should run consecutively. This gives rise to an aggregate sentence of 18
years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

The totality principle

44 The first limb of the totality principle requires the court to consider
whether the aggregate sentence is substantially above the normal level of
sentences for the most serious of the individual offences committed (see
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”) at
[54]). Under the second limb of the totality principle, the aggregate sentence
may be moderated if it is crushing and not in keeping with the offender’s past
record and his future prospects (Shouffee at [57]).

45 I find that the aggregate sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes
of the cane is not crushing as these are grave offences and having regard to
the totality of the accused’s criminal behaviour, including his lack of
similar antecedents, his early plea of guilt, his sincere remorse and the TIC
Charges. I, therefore, find that the global sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane is consistent with the totality principle while
also adequately addressing the sentencing considerations of deterrence and
retribution. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PSS at para 29.

It is also consistent with sentencing precedents.

46 In BWM v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 83 (“BWM”), the appellant had
pleaded guilty to two charges of SAP under s 376(1)(a) punishable under s
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code for penetrating the male victim’s anus with his
penis. The victim was between ten and 14 years old at the time of the
offences. The appellant was in a romantic relationship with the victim’s elder
sister at the time of both offences and they were married at the time of the
second SAP offence. Three other charges, two concerning penile-anal
penetration and one concerning outrage of modesty, were taken into
consideration for sentencing. The Court of Appeal held at [24] that the global
sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane was “clearly
appropriate in principle and in quantum”, given the appellant’s abuse of his
position of trust and authority, the victim’s young age and the appellant’s
premeditation.

47 The case of BWM shares many similarities with the present case, save for
(a) the length of time over which the offences occurred (four years compared
with not more than one year in the present case); (b) the composition of the
TIC Charges; and (c) the mitigatory value of the accused’s plea of guilt. In
BWM two other penetrative offences and one other outrage of modesty offence
were taken into consideration by the court for the purposes of sentencing. In
the present case the charges that are taken into consideration for the purpose
of sentencing are one other attempted penetration offence and two outrage of
modesty offences. The appellant in BWM had also attempted to evade the police
after the police report was made against him by going into hiding, and the
police only managed to arrest him about four years later, by which time he had
remarried and had a child with his second wife. The accused in this case was
very co-operative with the police and he has pleaded guilty at the earliest
opportunity. Thus, the accused has spared the victim from recalling the trauma
of the sexual assaults. Comparing the facts and circumstances of the present
case, the present case warrants a lower global sentence than that in BWM.

48 In Public Prosecutor v BLV [2017] SGHC 154, the offender committed a litany
of sexual offences against his biological daughter over a period of three
years when she was between 11 and 13 years old. Violence was also used in the
commission of the sexual offences. The offender had claimed trial to all ten
charges and was sentenced to ten years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the
cane for the SAP offence after the court considered the totality principle.
The offender would otherwise have been sentenced to 15 years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane for the SAP offence. The Court of Appeal in BLV v
Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 726 increased the sentence for the SAP offence
to 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane, giving rise to an
aggregate sentence of 28 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

49 Having regard to all of the above, I find that the appropriate and fair
punishment in this case is an aggregate sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment and
24 strokes of the cane. The statutory maximum of 24 strokes of the cane sends
a strong signal of deterrence and retribution. This sentence thus strikes the
appropriate balance between reflecting the moral and criminal reprehensibility
of the accused’s actions, while also avoiding a crushing effect on the
accused.

Summary of findings on sentence

50 In summary, my findings on sentence are as follows:

(a) Deterrence and retribution are the governing sentencing principles given
the victim’s young age and the relationship between the accused and the
victim.

(b) Given the presence of several aggravating factors such as the accused’s
abuse of trust and premeditation, the present case falls within the midpoint
of Band 2 of the Pram Nair framework. This gives rise to an indicative
starting point of 12.5 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for each
of the Charges.

(c) There were two cogent mitigating factors that warranted a downward
calibration of the individual sentences to nine years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane for each of the Charges.

(d) Having regard to the one-transaction principle and the totality principle,
a global sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane is
appropriate and reflective of the accused’s crimes.

Conclusion

51 For the above reasons, I sentence the accused to nine years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane on the 1st charge and the 3rd charge respectively.
The sentences of imprisonment are to run consecutively. The aggregate
punishment is 18 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. I further
order that his sentences of imprisonment be backdated to the date of remand on
13 November 2019.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Lim Jian Yi and Lim Yu Hui (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Muntaz Binte Zainuddin (I.R.B. Law LLP) for the Defence.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 May 2022 (17:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

