Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 158

Suit No 447 of 2020

Between

| Dways International Pte Ltd (formerly known as D’way International Pte Ltd
and as Longevite Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lim Seow Hui Ratna Irene  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Kim Hwa  
(3)| Tang Lee Cheng  
(4)| Chua Hong Chor  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies — Directors — Duties]

[Tort — Conspiracy — Conspiracy by unlawful means]

[Tort — Defamation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Dways International Pte Ltd (formerly known as D’way International Pte Ltd and
as Longevite Pte Ltd)

  
v

  

Lim Seow Hui Ratna Irene and others

[2022] SGHC 158

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 447 of 2020  
Audrey Lim J  
10–13, 24–27 August, 1–3, 28–30 September, 5 October 2021, 8 April 2022

6 July 2022 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, (“Dways”), sells nutritional products, which at the material
time were “HL Span”, “Purity” and “B’Glo” (“Product(s)”). It engaged
individuals to distribute the Products via a direct-selling distribution
method with a multi-tier compensation scheme.

2 In this suit (“the Suit”), Dways claims in the main against:

(a) the first defendant (“Irene”), its former director, for breaches of duty
as a director and of loyalty and fidelity as an employee;

(b) the second defendant (“Justin”) for breaches of duty as Dways’ Chief
Financial Officer (“CFO”) (which position of appointment he disputes);

(c) Irene and Justin (collectively “the Lims”) for conspiracy to injure Dways
by their acts;

(d) Irene for defamation; and

(e) the third and fourth defendants (“Karen” and “Steven”, collectively “the
Chuas”) for the return of $30,000 which Dways had lent to them.

Background and Dways’ claims

3 Dways was incorporated in November 2018 with Nancy Long (“Nancy”) as its
director, and Nancy and Zulkifli bin Othman Curran (“Zul”) as its
shareholders. On 8 March 2019, Irene became a director of Dways and the Lims
became shareholders around the same period of time. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2AB 1193; Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at [9]; 1st and 2nd Defendants’ Defence
(“D1D2 Defence”) at [9]; Irene’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at
[10].

Where appropriate, I will refer to Nancy, Zul and the Lims collectively as the
“Four Persons”, and to the Lims and the Chuas collectively as “the
Defendants”.

4 Dways claims that in February or March 2019, the Four Persons agreed that
Irene would be the director in charge of accounts and operations (“Irene’s
Employment Agreement”); and Justin would be appointed as the CFO to assist
Irene in and supervise the execution of her duties (“Justin’s Employment
Agreement”) (collectively “the Employment Agreements”). It claims that the
Lims had exclusive control over its bank records and accounts, and exclusive
access to and control over the Products and sales records, from March 2019 to
February 2020. The Lims dispute the existence of the Employment Agreements. As
for the Chuas, they were engaged as Dways’ distributors and assisted with
stock-taking and collection of Products by other distributors for the purpose
of sales. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at [19]–[21A]; D1D2 Defence at [19]–[20A]; 3rd and 4th Defendants’ Defence
(“D3D4 Defence”) at [5(d)], [6A]; Reply to the 3rd and 4th Defendants’ Defence
at [1A].

5 By about November 2019, the working relationship between the Lims and
Nancy/Zul soured, which Nancy claims was due partly to Irene’s lack of
transparency in managing Dways’ accounts. The Lims claim that by January 2020:
(a) they were unhappy with Nancy and Zul as Zul would misrepresent to
potential distributors/customers about the country of manufacture of the
Products; (b) they became increasingly suspicious as to the safety of the
Products; and (c) they suspected that Nancy and Zul took Products in excess of
their entitlement without paying or accounting for them. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [201]–[204]; Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [55];
Justin’s AEIC at [14]–[15]; Irene’s AEIC at [75], [84]–[85].

6 The disagreements between the Lims and Nancy/Zul came to a head during a
meeting on about 17 January 2020 where the sale of the Lims’ shares was
raised, and thereafter Irene stopped communicating with Nancy. On 22 January
2020 Nancy and Justin discussed the sale of the Lims’ shares to Nancy and/or
Zul (“22 Jan 2020 Meeting”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [237]–[241], [248]–[251]; Justin’s AEIC at [17]; 27/8/21 NE
119.

On 5 February 2020, Irene ceased to be Dways’ director and the Lims ceased to
be shareholders. In February 2020, the Chuas also ceased to be distributors
for Dways. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at [7A], [25], [25A]; D1D2 Defence at [7A] and [21(b)(iv)]; D3D4 Defence
at [5(d)], [6D]; 7AB 3833–3836, 3852–3854; Nancy’s AEIC at [301], [303].

7 On 27 May 2020, Dways commenced the Suit. Its main claims against the Lims
are broadly for: (a) wrongfully making payments from Dways’ OCBC bank account
(“OCBC Account”) and UOB bank account (“UOB Account”) (collectively the “Bank
Accounts”), which were unauthorised and/or illegitimate commercial
transactions; (b) misappropriating Products on 23 and 30 January 2020; and (c)
defamation based on WhatsApp messages and letters which Dways’
distributors/customers had received from Irene in April 2020. Dways also
claims repayment of US$3,055.00 from the Lims pertaining to an investment in
Throne Legacy Capital (“TLC Investment”), and further alleges that the Lims
caused Dways to extend a $30,000 loan to the Chuas that it had not approved
and sought repayment of the loan from the Chuas. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at [28], [28A], [32(i)], [32(j)], [37]; Nancy’s AEIC at [426]; Plaintiff’s
Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [95].

8 Dways also alleges that the Lims had failed to maintain a proper account of
all transactions and inventory, failed to properly hand over its documents
when they left the company, and removed or deleted information in its computer
system without authorisation. I will deal with these at the appropriate
juncture.

The Employment Agreements and the Lims’ roles in Dways

9 I start with the Employment Agreements, which Dways claims were concluded by
oral agreement. Dways claims that, by Irene’s Employment Agreement, Irene had
agreed to be appointed as the director in charge of accounts and operations,
which included maintaining a proper account of: (a) all inventory of Products;
(b) all sales records of Products; and (c) all transactions made pertaining to
the Bank Accounts. Dways also claims that, by Justin’s Employment Agreement,
Justin agreed to be appointed as the CFO to assist Irene in and supervise the
execution of her duties. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at [8], [10], [14]; Nancy’s AEIC at [28], [33], [36], [49]–[50].

10 The Lims deny the existence of the Employment Agreements. They attested
that initially Nancy and Zul had assured them that they would merely be
“sleeping partners” and contribute money to the business. Although Irene
subsequently aided Nancy in Dways’ operations and became a director, she did
not agree to be in charge of Dways’ accounts and operations. Justin denied
being appointed as the CFO or employed by Dways. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

D1D2 Defence at [6A], [8], [10], [13]; Irene’s AEIC at [12]–[15]; Justin’s
AEIC at [5]–[6].

11 I find that Dways has failed to show, on balance, the existence of the
Employment Agreements. There were no documents to evidence the agreements or
their terms. This is despite numerous WhatsApp chat groups created at the
material time where parties would discuss and put on record matters pertaining
to Dways’ business and operations, even in early 2019. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Exhibit B (List of WhatsApp chat groups); 27/8/21 NE 147; 1AB 243–249,
254–265, 269–274, 287–296, 308–312, 317–321.

Dways also could not state when the Employment Agreements were concluded. It
pleaded that the terms were agreed “during the course of several meetings … in
or around February 2019 and/or March 2019” among the Four Persons, and that
Irene was appointed director on 8 March 2019 and Justin was appointed the CFO
on 12 March 2019\. However, Nancy attested that the discussions started in
January 2019, and she and Zul claimed that Justin’s Employment Agreement was
concluded with Justin appointed as the CFO on around 28 March 2019\. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at [8]–[9]; Nancy’s AEIC at [48]–[49]; Zul’s AEIC at [32].

Further, Dways did not consistently represent who its CFO was to third
parties. In an invoice from a vendor signed in July 2019 by Irene and Nancy,
after the purported Employment Agreements were said to have been concluded, it
was Irene and not Justin who signed off as “CFO” (with Nancy as “CEO”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

3AB 1378; 1/9/21 NE 32.

12 Dways relies on an unsigned partnership agreement (“PA”), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Bundle of Documents to be Formally Proved at pp 21–30.

which Nancy claims Irene provided to her in mid-March 2019, that showed the
Lims were intended to be officers of Dways. However, the PA (which was
unsigned) did not embody the terms of the Employment Agreements which Dways
claimed were oral, and instead contradicted Nancy’s claim as it stated that
Irene would be the CFO with Justin as the Chief Operating Officer.

13 Dways also relies on name cards printed for the Four Persons and
specifically Justin’s name card which stated he was “Founder and CFO”, to
support the existence of Justin’s Employment Agreement. I find this to be
equivocal. First, the WhatsApp chats showed the discussions pertaining to the
name cards and the Four Persons’ respective designations in Dways started
around mid-June 2019, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

3AB 1399–1409, 1421–1425; 9AB 4969.

more than two months after Justin’s Employment Agreement was purportedly
concluded. Second, I accept Irene’s explanation that the Lims never used the
name cards. A document entitled “Order of namecards”, which indicated the name
and designation printed on each name card, was not signed by the Lims. This
supported Irene’s claim that when the name cards were ready, the Lims chose
not to acknowledge receipt of them or collect them as Justin did not
eventually agree to being appointed CFO. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

27/8/21 NE 145; 12AB 6525; Justin’s AEIC at [6].

Third, the name cards were also not accurate as they describe the Lims as
“founders” of Dways, when Nancy and Zul claimed to be the only two founders.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [10]; Zul’s AEIC at [10].

Fourth, Nancy’s assertion that Justin had introduced himself as CFO to
potential customers and distributors was a bare one. While there was evidence
that a distributor of Dways had the impression that Justin was one of Dways’
bosses, this did not show that he was thus its CFO. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [53] and [55]; 1/9/21 NE 33–34.

Justin was after all a substantial shareholder of Dways who participated in
its business (see [15] below).

14 The state of affairs just described is unsurprising when one considers how
Dways’ business was run. Nancy and Zul attested that all the shareholders were
to be involved in Dways. Zul explained the intent was for the Four Persons to
be involved in all aspects of Dways’ business because it was a small company
and their roles would overlap. The informal manner in which Dways’ business
was run contradicts Nancy’s testimony that the Four Persons had agreed that
Justin should have a formal position in Dways. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [47]; 10/8/21 NE 43–44; 13/8/21 NE 20–21.

15 Hence, Justin was not a “sleeping partner”, but (as I accept from Nancy’s
and Zul’s testimony) was involved in Dways’ business to some extent albeit
informally. Before and after becoming a shareholder, he participated in Dways’
business operations, as can be seen from the numerous WhatsApp chat groups
discussing its business and operations. When the Lims exited Dways in February
2020, Nancy communicated with Justin for the return of Dways’ keys, accounts
and documents. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1/9/21 NE 11–24; 1AB 245, 260, 339–340, 379, 409–410, 414; 2AB 642–643; 8AB
4503; 9AB 5228–5233; Justin’s AEIC at [8]; Exhibit B.

However, as Dways has failed to show the existence of the Employment
Agreements, the role and duties which Dways claimed Justin had to perform as
the CFO (see [9] above)) are not made out.

16 As for Irene, although she was a director of Dways (and owed duties to it
as such), that did not therefore show the existence of Irene’s Employment
Agreement. Contrary to the submission of Plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Maniam, the
Lims did dispute Dways’ claim that Irene had agreed to be employed as Dways’
director. The Lims had merely pleaded and agreed that Irene was a director,
and no more, and had expressly challenged the existence of the Employment
Agreements. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS at [27]; DCS at [111]; D1D2 Defence at [6A(d)], [8(a)]–[8(b)]; Irene’s
AEIC at [10(b)]–[10(c)], [12]; Justin’s AEIC at [4(e)].

17 Nevertheless, I find there was an agreement between Nancy and Irene for
Irene to be the director primarily in charge of accounts and making payments.
Irene admitted to being one of the directors in charge of Dways’ accounts.
Various messages from her showed that she took charge of Dways’ accounts and
payments. For instance, on 20 December 2019, when Nancy said that she did not
have the tokens for the Bank Accounts and requested to be able to make
transfers and payments online while Irene was travelling, Irene assured Nancy
that she (ie, Irene) would still be able to make payments even if she were
away as she “[took] charge of accounts”. In court, Irene agreed that she was
in charge of making payments for Dways and she had prepared a spreadsheet of
payments Dways had made to its suppliers and vendors. Likewise, Irene had
signed off as “CFO” on an invoice (see [11] above). She also updated Nancy on
the balances in Dways’ accounts and kept a record of the transactions in its
accounts. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [153]–[156]; 1AB 407; 2AB 921–923, 940, 1019; 2AB 940; 4AB
2041–2047; 24/8/21 NE 124, 129, 131–132, 138–142, 144, 157–163; 27/8/21 NE
146–150.

Alleged exclusive control over Bank Accounts, Products, records and inventory
from March 2019 to February 2020

18 I turn to the issue of whether the Lims had exclusive or sole control over
the Bank Accounts, Products, records and inventory from March 2019 to February
2020 (the “Relevant Period”) as Dways claimed.

OCBC Account

19 The OCBC Account was set up in November 2018 with Nancy and Zul as
authorised signatories for cheques and Nancy as the sole authorised person to
conduct internet-banking transactions. Irene was added as an authorised
signatory to the account around end March 2019. I find that Nancy had also,
until November 2019, control over and access to the OCBC Account. She admitted
to having joint control with Irene of that Account until November 2019 and
that until September 2019 the bank statements were sent to her home. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

11/8/21 NE 8–9, 11–12, 15.

20 I disbelieve Nancy’s claim that when the mailing address for the OCBC
Account was changed to Dways’ office address in October 2019, she did not have
access to Dways’ mailbox as the Lims held the key to the mailbox. The evidence
showed that she had access to a set of Dways’ keys including for the mailbox.
On 8 November 2019, Karen informed Nancy to bring her “2 sets of office keys”
to be duplicated for Dways’ new staff. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [159], [161], [167]; 11/8/21 NE 10; 7AB 3637.

Whilst there were seven keys to different parts of the office (including the
mailbox), I disbelieve that Nancy only had the keys to the main door, glass
door and wooden cabinet; but not for the mailbox, metal lockers, storeroom and
mezzanine level where the Products were kept. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

11/8/21 NE 58–60.

It is unbelievable that, being a founder and one of two directors of Dways,
she would not have had the keys to access various parts of Dways’ office, and
there is no evidence that she had ever asked for the keys or that she was not
handed them despite asking. A WhatsApp message from Karen on 24 October 2019
showed the store and locker keys were kept in the office drawer and Nancy did
not then reply to dispute this. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

4AB 2340.

21 In fact, Nancy had, on about 25 November 2019, signed an OCBC form for any
one director to apply for account and banking services. I disbelieve that she
could not recall if she had seen the form in its entirety, given that her
signature appeared in numerous places on it. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

6AB 3018–3027; 11/8/21 NE 40–42.

I find that she had signed the form knowing the purport of it. In my view,
Nancy was not excluded from accessing the OCBC Account. Rather, she did not
care to do so.

22 Nevertheless, I accept that on or about 20 December 2019, when the
relationship was deteriorating, Irene excluded Nancy from accessing internet
banking by withholding the bank token from Nancy (see [17] above). Irene
admitted that she wanted to control the Bank Accounts because she suspected
Nancy was taking Products without paying for them and, if she relinquished the
bank tokens to Nancy, she would lose access to online banking to check the
Bank Accounts. This showed that Irene was at that time the sole person
effecting transfers and making payments from the Bank Accounts. Hence, even if
Nancy was still able to sign cheques independently as the Lims claimed, Irene
was by December 2019 in sole control over the OCBC Account. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

24/8/21 NE 161–164; DCS at [190].

UOB Account

23 Likewise, I find that up until November 2019, Nancy was not excluded from
accessing or performing transactions with the UOB Account. Both Nancy and
Irene were authorised signatories of the account. Nancy agreed that any
internet-banking transaction had to be approved and performed by both of them.
Whilst Nancy sought to show that the mailing address for the UOB Account was
Irene’s home address to portray Irene being in complete control over that
account from its inception, Nancy had agreed to the use of Irene’s home
address as at that time Dways’ office premises were not ready. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [162]–[163]; 11/8/21 NE 15–21, 30; 3AB 1263, 1266–1269, 1277.

24 However, on about 25 November 2019, the signatory for the UOB Account was
changed solely to Irene, and Nancy had signed a form to authorise a single
user to transact. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

11/8/21 NE 35–37; 24/8/21 NE 109; 6AB 3028–3032.

For the same reasons as at [22] above, I find that by December 2019 Irene had
excluded Nancy from accessing internet banking for the UOB Account as Irene
had the token and was solely controlling the Account.

Control over and access to Products

25 Next, Dways claims the Lims had exclusive control over the Products. HL
Span and Purity were kept at the mezzanine level of Dways’ office and in the
display cabinet and metal lockers in the office. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCS at [64]–[65].

As for B’Glo, they were stored at the Lims’ home (“the Lims’ Home”).

26 I find that all Four Persons and the Chuas had access to and control over
the stock of HL Span and Purity. Nancy admitted that she had access to
Products whenever she requested as she was a director and doing sales; that
from 3 December 2019, she had access to Products without having to make a
request; and that in January 2020, she had taken HL Span from Dways’ cabinet.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCS at [205]; 11/8/21 NE 66–68; 8AB 4571–4572.

I have also found that Nancy had the keys to Dways’ premises. Even around 28
November 2019, Carol (Dways’ staff) was updating Irene that Nancy had taken 12
boxes of Purity (“28 Nov 2019 Message”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

6AB 3063.

It should be noted that HL Span, Purity and B’Glo were received by Dways from
the manufacturers only on 21 October, 1 November and 17 November 2019
respectively. As for B’Glo, there is no evidence that Nancy was denied access
to it. In court, Nancy admitted (contrary to her affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”)) that she had instructed the manufacturer to deliver B’Glo to
the Lims’ Home and there is no evidence that she had objected to B’Glo being
stored there. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [345]; 10/8/21 NE 34, 111–112; 5AB 2948.

Control over and access to sales records and inventory of the Products

27 Next, whilst the Lims had access to and control over the sales records and
inventory of the Products, I find that they were not in exclusive control such
that Nancy did not have access to or control over them. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at [209]; Nancy’s AEIC at [3(b)] and [145].

I reiterate that the Relevant Period started from March 2019, whereas Dways
started receiving Products from only 21 October 2019.

28 Nancy admitted that Dways’ staff recorded information pertaining to
Products in its books and computer system. This included a record pertaining
to the movement of HL Span. I disbelieve that Nancy had been unaware of the
existence of this record until the Lims exited Dways. Even if this were true,
this did not show that the Lims had hidden the records from Nancy (as Nancy
had tried to portray). Dways had a computer system which recorded information
regarding its distributors, including the Products they purchased and the
amounts paid to Dways, and I accept Irene’s testimony that Nancy and Dways’
staff had access to this system. I have also earlier found that the store and
locker keys were kept in a drawer in Dways’ office which Nancy claimed had no
lock. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

8AB 4269; 10/8/21 NE 35–36; 25/8/21 NE 45–47; 11/8/21 NE 56–58, 61.

If Nancy claimed not to know about the inventory of stocks (or Dways’
financial position), it was because she did not at the material time bother to
find out. Nancy was also a director of Dways and, as Zul attested, the intent
was for the Four Persons to be involved in all aspects of Dways’ business.

29 In this regard, Dways also claims that the Lims failed or refused to hand
over Dways’ sales records and inventory after their exit. It points to
WhatsApp messages from early February 2020 where Nancy had asked Justin to
return “stocks records” and “updated stock accounts”. However, the WhatsApp
messages showed Nancy subsequently acknowledging the Lims’ handing over of
invoices and records of bank statements (although Nancy claimed they were
incomplete). On Nancy’s account, Irene also left behind inventory records in
Dways’ office which Nancy relied on to show the shareholders’ Arrangement that
she claimed existed among the Four Persons (see [110] below on this
Arrangement). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC at [24]; 9AB 5226–5235; Nancy’s AEIC at [129]–[132].

Hence it is unclear what other sales records and inventory the Lims were to
hand over but failed to.

30 Further, I find the Lims were not responsible for maintaining the inventory
and sales records of Products contrary to Dways’ claim. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PCS at [34].

Dways could not rely on the Employment Agreements which I have found not to
exist. Moreover, Nancy agreed that it was the Chuas who conducted stock checks
and made a record of the stocks. This is supported by the WhatsApp messages
and Karen’s testimony that the Chuas were tasked to do so and that the records
for the stock checks were placed in Dways’ office drawers. Indeed, Dways’
system of managing its inventory was decentralised and honour-based, where
each person would record what he or she had taken. For instance, on 6 January
2020, when Karen stated in a WhatsApp message that there was a shortfall of 17
boxes of HL Span, Nancy responded to say that she had taken them a few days
earlier and had “[a]lready written down today what [she had] taken”. Nancy
also attested to an occasion in December 2019 where she took the Products
first and made a record in Dways’ books later. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

11/8/21 NE 50, 83, 122; 6AB 3577; 8AB 4564–4566; Karen’s AEIC at [39], [43].

31 At trial, Dways pointed to Carol’s 28 Nov 2019 Message (and the subsequent
exchanges with Irene) to show that Irene was the director in charge of Dways’
stocks. However, these messages do not show a general system in which Products
taken were reported to Irene regularly as part of her purported stewardship of
Dways’ inventory. Rather it showed that Nancy could take Products on her own
without prior approval. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

6AB 3063–3067; 24/8/21 NE 182–185.

As for the WhatsApp messages between Karen and Irene on 21 to 22 December 2019
and 30 January 2020 (which Dways relies on to show Irene’s alleged control
over the inventory and sales records), they do not evidence a practice of
Irene tallying Dways’ sales records or payments made for Products against its
inventory. By this time, the relationship between the Lims and Nancy had
deteriorated and the messages thereby related to Irene’s suspicion of Nancy
taking Products without paying and to the Shareholders’ Entitlement to
Products (see [110] below on the Shareholders’ Entitlement). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PCS at [32]–[34]; 12AB 6447–6456; 25/8/21 NE 115; 27/8/21 NE 125.

32 On the above bases, I reject Dways’ claim that the Lims had failed or
refused to hand over or maintain a proper account of Dways’ sales records and
inventory of Products and that they should provide a true and full account of
them. The Lims did not undertake to maintain such an account. Dways has also
failed to show that the sales records and inventory were in the Lims’
exclusive control or that they failed to return these when they left Dways.

Payments made without legitimate basis, the loan to the Chuas and the TLC
Investment

33 I turn to the first main claim by Dways, namely that the Lims had caused
Dways to make payments which were essentially unauthorised, without legitimate
commercial basis or not in Dways’ best interests (“Disputed Payments”). At the
close of trial, Dways pared the number of Disputed Payments down to 37
payments, which total $69,336.00 in value, as follows: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS at [96]–[97] and Annex A.

No| Date| Purpose of payment| Disputed amount  
---|---|---|---  
1| 12/09/2019| To Cosmo System Pte Ltd| $911.64  
2| 04/12/2019| To Cosmo System Pte Ltd| $252.51  
3| 04/12/2019| To Norlin for Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contribution|
$144.00  
4| 04/12/2019| ACRA Business Profile Search| $5.50  
5| 04/12/2019| Season parking fees| $192.60  
6| 09/01/2020| To Enhance Life| $10,210.00  
7| 15/01/2020| To WLP Pte Ltd| $400.00  
8| 01/02/2020| To the Lims as “allowances” | $21,000.00  
9| 01/02/2020| To Karen for “commission”| $4,276.84  
10| 05/02/2020| To Srii Wilano (“Wilano”)| $1,000.00  
11| 05/02/2020| Preparation of accounts| $980.00  
12| 05/02/2020| To CMS Global| $3,000.00  
13| 05/02/2020| To Wilano| $2,000.00  
14| 05/02/2020| To Sandra Ai Choo| $3,000.00  
15| 05/02/2020| To WLP Pte Ltd| $280.00  
16| 31/07/2019| To install 4-panel black aluminum frame with mirror | $2,900.00  
17| 29/08/2019| Cheque for $325.51| $325.51  
18| 02/09/2019| Debit card payment to Ya Kun Kaya Toast| $6.80  
19| 02/09/2019| Debit card payment to Tim Ho Wan| $77.55  
20| 02/09/2019| Debit card payment to Au Croissant| $24.00  
21| 02/09/2019| Debit card payment to Tim Ho Wan| $81.10  
22| 18/09/2019| Debit card payment to Crown Coffee| $20.22  
23| 18/09/2019| Debit card payment to Tim Ho Wan| $75.21  
24| 23/09/2019| Refreshments| $156.10  
25| 23/09/2019| Meals and refreshments| $530.46  
26| 25/09/2019| Fabrication of a mirror| $1,580.00  
27| 26/09/2019| Cheque for $1,619.37| $1,619.37  
28| 27/09/2019| Cheque for $3,000| $3,000.00  
29| 30/09/2019| Cleaning services| $230.00  
30| 30/09/2019| To Norlin for CPF contribution| $178.00  
31| 30/09/2019| Cheque of $1,045.45| $1,045.45  
32| 30/10/2019| Cheque of $3,959| $3,959.00  
33| 06/11/2019| Debit card payment to Tim Ho Wan| $45.79  
34| 19/11/2019| Cheque of $3,664.75| $3,664.75  
35| 29/11/2019| Cheque of $513.60| $513.60  
36| 31/12/2019| Construct and install table cabinet and additional step|
$1,130.00  
37| 31/12/2019| Fabricate and install door | $520.00  
  
34 To begin with, Nancy was perfectly content to leave the management of
Dways’ finances, including payments to vendors/suppliers, to Irene. She
claimed that Irene was in charge of operations and bank transactions and made
all payments for Dways. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

10/8/21 NE 75.

I accept that during the Relevant Period cheques were pre-signed by Nancy and
she was thus unaware of the recipients and purposes of the payments. Nancy
explained that she pre-signed the cheques because she trusted Irene and this
arrangement was convenient as Dways had many payments to make and she did not
meet Irene very often. Hence, it was not as if Nancy wanted to jointly operate
Dways’ accounts or deal with transactions from the outset, but rather she
willingly ceded control to Irene because she trusted her. She did not bother
to look at the bank statements of the OCBC Account even when they were mailed
to her home nor find out how to access internet banking for the UOB Account.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Reply to 1st and 2nd Defendants’ Defence (“D1D2 Reply”) at [13(a)]; 11/8/21 NE
9–19, 22–23; 12/8/21 NE 114.

35 As such, that Nancy was unaware of or did not expressly approve each
payment at the time it was made on Dways’ behalf is not in itself a ground to
find a breach of duty by Irene. Rather the issue is whether the payments were
made for a legitimate commercial purpose. It should also be noted that Dways
operated on the basis that Nancy, Zul or one of the Defendants would sometimes
make payment on Dways’ behalf and claim reimbursement from Dways. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

10/8/21 NE 49–50, 54–55; 12/8/21 NE 112; 24/8/21 NE 68–70; Irene’s AEIC at
[11]; 3AB 1303, 1510.

Disputed Payments – Payments made with a legitimate basis

36 I turn first to the subset of Disputed Payments which I find were made with
a legitimate basis and thus for which there was no breach of duty by Irene in
causing such payments to be made by Dways.

Payments to Cosmo System Pte Ltd (“Cosmo”) of $911.64 and $252.51 (s/n 1 and 2
of Disputed Payments)

37 Dways claims there was no commercial justification to make two payments to
Cosmo as the services provided by Cosmo were a duplicate of services already
provided by one Scrollless Pte Ltd. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [196] and [198]; 11/8/21 NE 184–186.

I find this claim that the services by Cosmo were duplicate services to be
Nancy’s bare assertion.

38 I accept Irene’s explanation that Cosmo had provided cloud servers for
Dways’ computer system and set up its website domain. The payments are
supported by Cosmo’s invoices. The invoice from Scrollless Pte Ltd showed a
different service provided, namely for Dways’ “Customised Business
Application”. Pertinently, Nancy was at the material time aware that Cosmo was
providing services to Dways. On 7 October 2019, Cosmo’s tax invoice (for the
sum of $252.51) was posted on a WhatsApp chat group, of which the Four Persons
were members. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

3AB 1363; 4AB 1854–1855, 2211–2214; Irene’s AEIC at [108], [132], [261];
27/8/21 NE 57–58.

Hence it is disingenuous for Nancy to claim that Irene had engaged Cosmo’s
services without informing her of this and that she only discovered this in
July 2020.

Payments to Norlin for CPF contributions of $144 and $178 (s/n 3 and 30 of
Disputed Payments)

39 Irene had reimbursed herself from Dways the sums of $144 and $178 which she
claims were CPF contributions paid directly to one Norlin, Dways’ employee.
Irene claims that Dways’ policy was to pay the CPF contributions directly to
its staff and for the staff to declare the same to the CPF Board, because at
that time Dways did not have a valid CorpPass account to declare its
employees’ CPF contributions. Dways claims the payments could not be for the
purpose of paying Norlin’s CPF because its records showed that it did not make
CPF contributions for employees prior to December 2019. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Irene’s AEIC at [36], [138], [372]; 25/8/21 NE 77–78; 12AB 6715.

40 I accept Irene’s explanation and find the payments that she had first made
on Dways’ behalf as Norlin’s CPF contributions to be legitimate. Mr Maniam
accepted that Norlin should have been paid CPF. A contemporaneous Dways
voucher also suggests that Norlin was paid $1,294 comprising $1,150 in salary
and $144 in CPF contributions as her October 2019 remuneration. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

25/8/21 NE 78; 4AB 2307.

However, Dways’ CPF records (adduced by Dways) showed that it did not make CPF
contributions for employees prior to December 2019. All these supported
Irene’s explanation that the arrangement in September and October 2019 was for
Dways to pay CPF contributions to its staff directly.

Payment to Karen of $4,276.84 (s/n 9 of Disputed Payments)

41 On 1 February 2020, Dways transferred $4,276.84 to Karen which Irene
claimed was commissions and bonuses due to Karen as a distributor for Dways
(“Karen’s Commission”). This was the net sum due to Karen after deducting a
referral bonus fee which she was no longer entitled to when her customer (or
downline) in Dways, one Sandra Ai Choo (“Sandra”), had requested for a refund
on the Products that Sandra had purchased. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Irene’s AEIC at [188]–[189]; 7AB 3797–3798.

42 I find the payment was legitimate. Nancy admitted that she gave Karen
approval to withdraw her commission and that the referral fee pertaining to
Sandra’s case had been taken into account. Irene also stated that she had
released Karen’s Commission to Karen only after she had seen Nancy’s approval.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOC at [27(h)]; PCS at Annex A (s/n 7); 6AB 3220–3221; 11/8/21 NE 104–107;
27/8/21 NE 167.

43 At trial, Dways claimed the payment to Karen was nevertheless in breach of
Irene’s duty because when Irene made this payment, she intended to instigate
Karen’s downlines to seek refunds from Dways. However, this argument was not
pursued in Dways’ closing submissions. Instead, Dways argued that the
$4,276.84 paid to Karen did not take into account that Karen’s other downlines
(such as Vivianne Sua or “Vivianne”) had also sought refunds from Dways on
Products that they had purchased. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

25/8/21 NE 138; PCS at Annex A (s/n 7).

I find this argument to be without merit. Nancy has not shown who were Karen’s
other downlines that had sought a refund prior to Karen’s Commission being
paid out on 1 February 2020. Vivianne sought a refund only around 13 February
2020. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Vivianne’s AEIC at [27]–[30].

Likewise, there is no evidence that prior to 1 February 2020, Irene had
instigated Karen’s downlines to seek a refund on Products they had purchased.

Payment to WLP Pte Ltd of $280 (s/n 15 of Disputed Payments)

44 On 5 February 2020, a sum of $280 was transferred from the OCBC Account to
WLP Pte Ltd (“WLP”), for an invoice that WLP had rendered to Enhance Life
International Pte Ltd (“Enhance Life”) for that amount. Irene explained that
WLP had made a lodgement with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority (“ACRA”) regarding her resignation from Dways and the transfer of
the Lims’ shares to Nancy and Zul. WLP was the accounting firm engaged by
Enhance Life, and Dways had engaged WLP (through Enhance Life) to effect the
ACRA lodgement. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Irene’s AEIC at [211]–[212]; 7AB 3850–3851.

45 Enhance Life was incorporated in October 2016 with Irene as its shareholder
and director. Subsequently all Four Persons became its shareholders, and Nancy
stated that she was a director from 11 June 2019 to April 2021. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Irene’s AEIC at [145]; Nancy’s AEIC at [405]–[408]; 27/8/21 NE 59; 3AB
1338–1341.

46 I accept Irene’s explanation that WLP had made the ACRA lodgement
pertaining to her resignation as a director in Dways and the share transfer,
and that Dways had engaged WLP for this purpose. WLP’s invoice dated 3
February 2020 recorded the purpose of WLP’s fee as “Transfer of Shares” and
“Resignation of Director”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

7AB 3850–3851.

It is not disputed that Irene ceased to be a director and shareholder of Dways
around 5 February 2020, and WLP’s invoice regarding “Resignation of Director”
could not have applied to the resignation of any director in Enhance Life
since Nancy and Irene were still its directors. As such, the payment to WLP
was for the purposes of Dways’ business operations and thus legitimate, even
if WLP had addressed the invoice to Enhance Life.

Payments of $2,900, $1,580, $1,130 and $520 to VSK Design (s/n 16, 26, 36 and
37 of Disputed Payments)

47 Next, Dways disputes four sums paid to VSK Design Pte Ltd (“VSK Design”),
an entity owned by Steven, pertaining to works it did for Dways, as follows
(“Four Items”):

(a) On 31 July 2019, VSK Design was paid for renovation works for Dways’
office totalling $11,676.75. From this sum, Dways disputes $2,900 pertaining
to the supply and installation of a four-panel aluminium frame with mirror for
Dways’ office (“the Frame”). Nancy claims she was not informed of the
procurement of the Frame. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS at Annex A (s/n 39); 3AB 1452; 10/8/21 NE 77.

(b) On around 23 September 2019, VSK Design was paid $2,340 for three items.
Of this $2,340, Dways disputes the sum of $1,580 pertaining to the fabrication
and installation of a “[m]irror beside existing [f]olding door” (“the
Mirror”), which Nancy claims Dways did not authorise. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS at Annex A (s/n 55); 4AB 2031; Irene’s AEIC at [351]–[352]; Karen’s AEIC
at [26(b)]; 10/8/21 NE 85.

(c) On 31 December 2019, VSK Design was paid $2,220 for items of work. Dways
disputes two items, namely the fabrication and installation of a “[t]able
[c]abinet beside stage and additional step for stage” and “[s]lide & [f]old
door [with] key lock at [s]tore [r]oom downstairs”, for $1,130 and $520
respectively. Nancy claims she was not informed of these payments and did not
authorise the procurement of these items. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PCS at Annex A (s/n 86); 6AB 3362; Irene’s AEIC at [430]–[432]; Karen’s AEIC
at [26(c)].

48 Dways claims the Four Items were not procured in its best interests and
were unnecessary at the time. It states that in July and September 2019, it
did not have any income as it had not started selling Products; and that even
in December 2019, it was only starting to sell Products and build its
distributor base, such that it was still in a precarious financial situation.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

10/8/21 NE 77; PCS at Annex A (s/n 39, 55, 86).

I find Dways’ claim to be without merit and there was no evidence pointing to
a lack of bona fides in the transactions.

49 First, the WhatsApp chat group “DWay Office Reno” (of which Nancy and the
Defendants were members) showed discussions between 20 and 21 July 2019 on
procuring the Frame and the cost of it. Yet, Nancy did not, then, object to
its installation or express any concern as to its price. On 20 July 2019,
Nancy had also in a separate WhatsApp chat with Karen asked Karen about the
“mirror door”, which Karen replied to and exhibited photographs (being the
same reply given on the Dway Office Reno chat). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

3AB 1720–1722; 10/8/21 NE 77–78; 27/8/21 NE 78, 81; Karen’s AEIC at [25(e)],
pp 361–362 (Tab 17).

Thus, Nancy knew of the decision to procure the Frame. Nancy’s explanation
that she did not see the messages in the Dway Office Reno chat cannot be
believed, as she had separately spoken to Karen at the same time about a
“mirror door”. Second, in the “DWay Accounts Updates” WhatsApp chat group (of
which Nancy was a member), Irene had, on 23 September 2019, set out a list of
items with corresponding amounts unpaid by Dways. This included the item
“Office Mirror: (S$1580.00)”. Nancy did not express any concerns as to the
installation or cost of the Mirror, despite expressing concerns on another
item. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

4AB 2042–2044.

50 Pertinently, the Four Items were installed at Dways’ premises and would
have been apparent to Nancy who was operating the business from its premises.
Yet she did not at that time query the necessity for or object to them.

51 On balance, the evidence showed that Nancy was cognisant of and agreed to
the procurement of the Four Items. Even if Dways had yet to or had only begun
to generate revenue, this was immaterial. Dways’ directors could have deemed
it necessary to renovate or refurbish its premises to start business. Indeed,
despite knowing on around 4 September 2019 from Irene that Dways required its
shareholders to top up its accounts (a point Dways relies on to show it was
short of funds then), Nancy did not object to the procurement and installation
of the Four Items. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1AB 177.

Debit card payments for meals (s/n 18–23 and 33 of Disputed Payments)

52 Next, Irene had used Dways’ debit card to pay for refreshments and meals
comprising the following (“Food Expenses”): 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Irene’s AEIC at [322]–[323], [337], [339], [392].

(a) On 30 August 2019, payments of $6.80 at Ya Kun, $77.55 at Tim Ho Wan,
$24.00 at Au Croissant, and $81.10 at Tim Ho Wan were made. Irene claims she
had purchased meals and refreshments for the Chuas who were installing
furniture at Dways’ office.

(b) On 14 September 2019, $20.22 was spent on refreshments at Crown Coffee,
which Irene claims was coffee for the Four Persons.

(c) On 13 September 2019, $75.21 was spent on dinner at Tim Ho Wan for the
Chuas who had assisted Dways in setting up an Opportunity Product Presentation
(“OPP”) conducted by Zul. An OPP is to promote Dways’ products and recruit
distributors.

(d) On 2 November 2019, $45.79 was spent on meals purchased from Tim Ho Wan
for the Chuas, who were assisting with Dways’ OPP on that day.

53 I disagree with Nancy that these expenses were not authorised by Dways or
were not in its best interests. The evidence showed that Irene was authorised
to charge meal expenses to Dways’ account, including meals for the Chuas, as
can be seen from various payments in which Dways’ debit card was used and
which claims Dways is no longer pursuing against Irene. Dways had also paid
for dinner for the Lims, one Doria (Dways’ distributor) and Doria’s friend who
was keen to become a distributor – another claim no longer pursued by Dways.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SOC at [27(x)]–[27(z)], [27(aa)], [27(dd)]–[27(ff)], [27(ww)], [27(xx)],
[27(hhh)]–[27(iii)], [27(qqq)], [27(sss)], [27(ttt)], [27(vvv)]; Irene’s AEIC
at [245], [249], [251], [253], [263], [265], [267], [328], [330], [362],
[390], [394], [396] and [400].

54 Hence, I find that Irene was given the discretion to charge reasonable
expenses for meals and refreshments even for persons who were not Dways’
employees and particularly where Dways might obtain an indirect benefit. I
accept the expenses on 13 September and 2 November 2019 related to the Chuas
assisting in Dways’ business operations, and the expense on 14 September 2019
was made in relation to the Four Persons. Whilst Nancy claimed otherwise, the
evidence showed the Chuas assisted Dways in its business operations and were
not merely distributors for its Products. The WhatsApp chats showed Nancy
instructed Karen on various matters, such as preparing Dways’ compensation
plan for distributors and communication materials, and arranging appointments
with vendors. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

6AB 3132–3137, 3142–3143, 3164, 3340; 8AB 4432–4433; 11/8/21 NE 112–121.

I disbelieve Nancy that the Chuas were managing the Products and daily
operations at only the Lims’ request.

Some payments for which Irene cannot recall their purpose (s/n 28, 31, 32 and
34 of Disputed Payments)

55 Finally, I turn to some of the payments made by way of cheques from the UOB
Account, between September to November 2019. Irene claims she cannot recall
the purposes of these payments, but that Nancy knew and authorised them at the
material time as she had co-signed the cheques. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Irene’s AEIC at [358]–[360], [374]–[375], [387]–[388], [404]–[405].

They are for the sums of $3,000, $1,045.45, $3,959 and $3,664.75.

56 First, a UOB cheque for $3,000, dated 27 September 2019, was made to one
Yang Tjun Yu (“Yang”) – this was pointed out by the Defendants’ counsel, Mr
Lim, in closing submissions. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

4AB 2112; DCS at Annex A (s/n 58).

Mr Lim submits that Yang, also known as Lewis, was part of the “DWay
Executives” WhatsApp chat group (of which the Four Persons were also members)
and that he had carried out works for Dways in respect of its website; hence
the payment was likely made for such works. I accept this payment to Yang was
legitimate and for Dways’ benefit. The WhatsApp chats, contemporaneous with
the time of payment of the $3,000, support Mr Lim’s submission that Yang was
engaged for Dways’ purposes. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

2AB 709; 4AB 2233; 8AB 4575–4805.

57 Second, the cheque for $1,045.45 was again brought to the court’s attention
by both counsel in closing submissions. This cheque was dated 27 September
2019 and made payable to Norlin (Dways’ employee). A payment voucher from
Dways showed a payment of $1,150 to Norlin in the subsequent month, this being
her October 2019 salary. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

4AB 2111, 2307; PCS at Annex A (s/n 63); DCS at Annex A (s/n 63).

Hence, more likely than not, the $1,045.45 was made to Norlin as her
remuneration.

58 Third, in closing submissions, both parties also referred to a cheque for
$3,959, dated 18 October 2019, and which was paid to “Global Premiums & Gifts
Pte Ltd”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

4AB 2319; PCS at Annex A (s/n 67); DCS at Annex A (s/n 67).

I accept that this entity was more likely than not Dways’ vendor or supplier
and hence the payment was made for Dways’ purposes.

59 Fourth, both counsel in closing submissions pointed to a cheque dated 14
November 2019 of $3,664.75 paid to one Stratgeist Pte Ltd (“Stratgeist”). This
payment was supported by contemporaneous invoices from Stratgeist and Dways’
payment voucher. Irene attested that Stratgeist was engaged by Dways to
produce its promotional videos, which is not disputed by Dways. Pertinently
the $3,664.75 was part of a larger sum of $6,473.50 due to Stratgeist. Of this
larger sum, $2,800.70 had been paid without Dways disputing this payment. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

5AB 2618–2619; 12AB 6524; PCS at Annex A (s/n 74); DCS at Annex A (s/n 74);
Irene’s AEIC at [151] and pp 552–556 (Tab 61).

60 In the round, I find Dways has not proved on balance that the above
payments were not made in its best interests or for a proper purpose.
Pertinently Yang and Stratgeist were Dways’ vendors or suppliers and Norlin
was its employee – hence it is unlikely that Irene would have caused Dways to
make payments to them if there was no legitimate basis for the payments.
Whilst I had found that Irene was the director primarily in charge of accounts
and payments, copies of the cheques were in Dways’ possession at the start of
trial and should have been (but were not) put in cross-examination of Irene
for her to explain.

Disputed Payments – Payments without legitimate basis

61 I turn to the remaining Disputed Payments, which I find Irene had caused to
make without legitimate basis and in breach of her directors’ duties.

Season parking fees of $192.60 (s/n 5 of Disputed Payments)

62 Irene claims that Dways paid a sum of $192.60 for season parking for the
month of October 2019 for Karen and that Dways had agreed to do so as Karen
assisted Dways substantially during that time and went to Dways’ office every
day. Dways claims that this payment provided no commercial benefit to it and
was not authorised by Nancy; the Chuas were not Dways’ employees. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at Annex A (s/n 2).

63 Whilst Irene claimed that the $192.60 “must have been” authorised by or
known to Nancy at the material time because Nancy had signed a cheque for
$36,783.22 to reimburse Irene for expenses made on Dways’ behalf (which she
claims included the $192.60), 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Irene’s AEIC at [124]–[125].

I find that this was not the appropriate conclusion to draw. I have accepted
that Nancy had pre-signed blank cheques (see [34] above). In any case, it
would not have been apparent from the $36,783.22 cheque (made out to Irene)
what expenses it comprised. As for the Lims’ assertion that both Nancy and
Irene would together review underlying invoices, bills and receipts before
cheques were signed and reimbursements approved, I reject this as unsupported
by evidence. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Irene’s AEIC at [99]; 24/8/21 NE 155; 27/8/21 NE 82, 148; 2AB 922–923.

As I have found earlier (see [17] above), it was Irene who was primarily in
charge of accounts and payments.

64 In any event, Irene claimed in court that the payment for Karen’s season
parking was agreed orally with Nancy. This implied that authorisation had to
be sought for such an item of expense (regardless of whether it provided any
commercial benefit to Dways). But there was no evidence that Nancy had
knowledge of or agreed to the payment at the material time. Irene did not
mention in her AEIC such agreement or authorisation by Nancy at or before the
time the fees were paid by Dways. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

27/8/21 NE 67–68; Irene’s AEIC at [130].

Hence, Irene was in breach of her directors’ duties in causing Dways to bear
this sum of $192.60 for the Chuas, who were not Dways’ employees. There was no
legitimate commercial basis to do so, as there was no agreement for them to be
remunerated. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

10/8/21 NE 44–45; 11/8/21 NE 112; 2/9/21 NE 87.

Payments relating to Enhance Life (s/n 4, 6 and 7 of Disputed Payments)

65 Next, three payments were made in relation to Enhance Life.

66 First, Irene had reimbursed herself from Dways $5.50 for an ACRA business
profile search relating to Enhance Life made around 30 October 2019. Irene
claims that this was made at the request of Nancy who stated to her that Dways
would ultimately pay for the search. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Irene’s AEIC at [145]; 27/8/21 NE 59–61.

Dways claims that there is no reason for it to bear this cost, as the two
entities are unrelated in that Dways is neither a subsidiary nor holding
company of Enhance Life.

67 Whilst Irene claims that Nancy had authorised Dways to incur this cost,
there was no evidence of such authorisation. More importantly, there is no
legitimate basis for Dways to make this payment which was made for Enhance
Life’s benefit. This is even if Nancy was at the material time a director of
Enhance Life, as it and Dways are two separate entities.

68 Second, on 9 January 2020, Irene caused Dways to transfer $10,210 from the
UOB Account which Irene claims was a transfer to Enhance Life. Irene claims
that Nancy had authorised Dways to transfer the money to Enhance Life as the
latter required a minimum of $10,000 in its DBS bank account to avoid
incurring a “fall below” fee. Nancy denies authorising this transfer. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [405], [409]; Irene’s AEIC at [170]–[172]; 27/8/21 NE 62–64.

69 I find there was no legitimate basis for Irene to have transferred $10,210
from the UOB Account and Irene’s claim that it was done to top up Enhance
Life’s DBS account to avoid incurring the “fall below” fee is contradicted by
the documents. Whilst Irene claims and had recorded in Dways’ payment voucher
dated 9 January 2020 that $10,210 was paid to Enhance Life, the bank
transaction slip shows the money was transferred to Irene’s DBS account on
that date. This casts doubts on her claim as to the purpose of this transfer.
Further, Enhance Life’s bank statement showed that it had $10,210 in its DBS
account even at 31 December 2019, such that it had met the minimum $10,000
threshold even without the transfer. Irene did not produce the January 2020
bank statement to show that its bank balance fell below $10,000 by that time
although she was in a position to do so (as Enhance Life’s bank statements at
that time reflected her home address). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

6AB 3591–3593; 25/8/21 NE 142.

70 Third, Irene had on 15 January 2020 transferred $400 from the UOB Account
to WLP as accounting fees, as WLP was Enhance Life’s accountant. Irene claims
Enhance Life was the entity through which the Four Persons would receive their
commissions for selling Products or introducing customers to Dways, and Nancy
had authorised Dways to pay WLP. Nancy denied authorising the payment to be
made by Dways, which was for Enhance Life’s purposes. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Irene’s AEIC at [171], [177]–[179]; 7AB 3668–3670; 27/8/21 NE 64–65; PCS at
Annex A (s/n 5).

71 I find there was no legitimate basis for Dways to make this payment for
Enhance Life. Even if I accept Irene’s (bare) assertion that Enhance Life was
the vehicle from which the Four Persons would receive their commissions from
Dways’ business, the two are nevertheless separate entities and WLP’s fees
were for work done for Enhance Life. Further, Irene has not produced any
evidence of Nancy having authorised this payment although she claims there was
a “series of WhatsApp” messages in this regard. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

27/8/21 NE 65.

Payments to the Lims as allowances (s/n 8 of Disputed Payments)

72 On 1 February 2020, Irene caused $21,000 to be transferred from the UOB
Account to her account. She claims that this comprises her director’s
allowance of $10,500 and Justin’s shareholder’s allowance of $10,500 (“the
Allowances”), both of which were orally approved by Nancy on a date that Irene
cannot recall. The Lims claim that in about June 2019, the Four Persons orally
agreed that Nancy and Irene would be entitled to directors’ allowances, that
Zul and Justin would be entitled to shareholders’ allowances, and that these
sums were not fixed but would vary depending on Dways’ profits (“June 2019
Agreement”). Nancy denies there was any such agreement. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Irene’s AEIC at [27], [182]–[184]; Justin’s AEIC at [8(a)]; Nancy’s AEIC at
[410]–[411].

73 I find the Lims have not shown that any such agreement was made. This is
despite the existence of more than 70 WhatsApp chat groups which Irene had
created for Dways’ purposes. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

25/8/21 NE 125–126; 1/9/21 NE 35–36, 52.

Even if the June 2019 Agreement existed, it was not an agreement that the Four
Persons would be paid allowances on a pre-determined periodic basis, much less
that the Lims would be paid $21,000 in total; rather it was that an allowance
or a payment might be declared in the future depending on Dways’ profitability
and of a yet undetermined sum. Indeed, Justin explained that on previous
occasions in 2019, there was a need for further approval before any form of
allowance would be disbursed. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Justin’s AEIC at [8(a)(i)], [8(a)(ii)], [8(a)(iii)].

74 In the above regard, I disbelieve Irene’s assertion in court that the Lims
had informed Nancy of payment of the Allowances on 17 January 2020. This
assertion is contradicted by Irene’s claim in her AEIC that the $21,000
payment was orally approved by Nancy “on a date [Irene was] unable to recall”.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

25/8/21 NE 122, 126; Irene’s AEIC at [182].

In any event, this is a claim that is dubious and unsupported by any
documents. By this time, the relationship between the Lims and Nancy/Zul had
deteriorated to the extent that Irene stopped communicating with Nancy. Hence,
it is doubtful that Nancy would have approved the Allowances.

75 Next, the Lims claim they were entitled to $10,500 each to bring their
allowances in line with payments that Zul had received on previous occasions.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at [239]–[241]; 7AB 3800; Irene’s AEIC at [185]; 25/8/21 NE 121, 127–128.

I do not accept this argument. As I have found, the June 2019 Agreement does
not exist. I accept Dways’ position that the payments to Zul were unique to
him and even a payment that had been made to Nancy was only made on an ad hoc
basis. There was documentary evidence (such as the WhatsApp chats) in those
cases to show an agreement to such payments being made whilst there was none
to show any agreement among the Four Persons that the Lims were entitled to
the Allowances. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

2AB 967–970; 3AB 1370–1376; 11/8/21 NE 141–143; 13/8/21 NE 57; 1/9/21 NE
36–37, 47–48.

76 Irene’s disbursement of the $21,000 to Justin and herself was thus in
breach of her duties to Dways, including the no-profit and no-conflict rules.

Payment of $980 for “preparation of accounts” (s/n 11 of Disputed Payments)

77 On 5 February 2020, Irene caused Dways to transfer $980 to her friend
Lionel Lem (“Lionel”), whom she claims she had engaged to prepare its audited
accounts. Irene claims that Dways had agreed to pay $980 as a non-refundable
deposit in preparation of the work that Lionel was to do for it and that she
had informed Nancy of this arrangement, to which Nancy did not object. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Irene’s AEIC at [200]–[201]; 27/8/21 NE 70–71.

78 I find this payment was of no commercial benefit to Dways. I disbelieve
Irene’s claim that the agreement to engage Lionel was oral and find that he
had not been engaged by Dways to prepare its audited accounts. There is no
evidence of discussions pertaining to Lionel’s engagement by Dways, to show
that Irene had informed Nancy of this arrangement to engage Lionel, or of the
purported non-refundable deposit which was to be paid and which Nancy had
agreed to. Pertinently, there is no evidence of Lionel having done any
preparatory work for Dways to justify the $980 payment to him. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

27/8/21 NE 70–72.

Strangely, despite claiming to have engaged Lionel in December 2019 to prepare
Dways’ accounts, the $980 “deposit” was only paid to him on 5 February 2020 –
this was after Lionel had purportedly sought a refund from Dways (on 1
February 2020) for Products that he had purchased and when the Lims had exited
Dways’ business. Lionel has also not testified in support of Irene’s
assertions.

Refunds on 5 February 2020 to Dways’ distributors (s/n 10, 12, 13 and 14 of
Disputed Payments)

79 On 5 February 2020, Dways transferred moneys to its distributors, namely:
(a) $1,000 and $2,000 purportedly to Wilano; (b) $3,000 to Lionel at CMS
Global; and (c) $3,000 to Sandra. Irene claims that Wilano, Lionel and Sandra
had asked for refunds on the Products they had purchased and she caused Dways
to refund them in accordance with its refund policy (which according to the
Lims had no time limit). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Irene’s AEIC at [191]–[193], [204], [206]–[207], [209]; 11/8/21 NE 92–93.

80 Whilst there was some dispute on Dways’ refund policy between Nancy and the
Lims, this was not material to my findings. Although Nancy initially claimed
that Dways would offer a full refund if requested within 30 days of purchase
of Products and the unconsumed Products were returned, she later stated that
even if Dways’ customers asked for a refund after 90 days, Dways would still
make the refund in genuine cases. Nancy herself had acceded to a refund for a
customer Susan more than four months after Susan had purchased Products. It is
also undisputed that one director can exercise the refund policy independently
of, and without having to seek prior approval from, the other. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [472]; 11/8/21 NE 86–89, 95; 12/8/21 NE 6774; 25/8/21 NE
108–109; 9AB 5061–5072.

81 The issue is thus whether Wilano, Lionel and Sandra did in fact seek
refunds from Dways, with Irene then transferring Dways’ moneys to them on that
basis. To support their claim, the Lims produced the following documents (“the
Letters”), the authenticity of which was challenged by Dways: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Bundle of Documents to be Formally Proved at pp 3–5.

(a) A letter from Sandra dated 1 February 2020, addressed to Karen, requesting
for a refund of $3,000 (“Sandra’s Letter”);

(b) A letter from Lionel (for CMS Global) dated 1 February 2020, addressed to
Justin, requesting to return his Products to Dways in exchange for a refund,
as he did not find the Products suitable for him (“Lionel’s Letter”); and

(c) A letter from Wilano dated 5 February 2020, addressed to Irene,
acknowledging receipt of a $3,000 cash refund.

82 I find that Irene has failed to show that the purpose for transferring
moneys from Dways was to refund Wilano, Lionel and Sandra for the Products
that they had purchased. I also find the authenticity of the Letters was
suspect. Irene did not call the three persons to testify and corroborate her
case.

83 Irene could not maintain a consistent account of how the Letters came to
be. In her AEIC, she claimed that Lionel’s Letter was sent to Dways on around
1 February 2020. However, in court, she claimed that the Lims met with Lionel
on 1 February 2020, whereupon Lionel requested for a refund, and they asked
him to provide something in “black and white”. Irene claimed that she then
made a copy of Lionel’s Letter before Justin handed the original to Nancy on 6
February 2020. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Irene’s AEIC at [204]; 24/8/21 NE 7; 25/8/21 NE 112.

Pertinently, there was no evidence of Lionel having returned any Products and,
when confronted, Irene claimed that Lionel had not even collected Products in
the first place. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

25/8/21 NE 116.

This was unbelievable and contradicted Lionel’s Letter, which stated that
Lionel did not find the Products suitable and that he was returning them. All
these undermined the authenticity of Lionel’s Letter and the Lims’ claim that
the payment to Lionel was a refund for returned Products. In any case, even if
I accept that Lionel had requested for a refund, I would have found that Irene
should not have caused Dways to refund moneys without Lionel returning the
Products.

84 As for Sandra’s Letter, Irene’s account in her AEIC was simply that Sandra
had sent a letter to Dways on or about 1 February 2020. In court, she claimed
that Karen had passed her the said letter on 1 February 2020 and told her that
Sandra wanted a refund. Irene then made a copy of Sandra’s Letter before
Justin handed the original to Nancy on 6 February 2020. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Irene’s AEIC at [209]; 24/8/21 NE 6.

But this account was absent in both Irene’s AEIC and Karen’s AEIC. Indeed,
Karen did not appear to be familiar with Sandra (although she claimed that
Sandra was her downline) and merely explained her encounters with Sandra in
general terms. It was only when she was confronted with Sandra’s Letter that
she claimed that Sandra had met her and passed her the letter to request a
refund. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

3/9/21 NE 133–137.

Similarly, Irene claimed that Sandra had not even collected any Products when
the refund was made to her. Again, I find this unconvincing and an
afterthought made to explain away the lack of any Products being returned to
justify a refund. All these undermined Irene’s purported purpose for making
the payment to Sandra.

85 Likewise, I disbelieve that the two payments which Irene claimed were made
to Wilano were for the purpose of refunding Wilano for Products that she had
purchased. Dways’ bank transaction slips showed the two payments were made to
Irene’s bank account and not to Wilano, contrary to what Irene had claimed in
her AEIC. Even if Irene had passed $3,000 in cash to Wilano as she claimed in
court, there was no reason to first transfer the moneys from Dways to her bank
account, when she could have easily withdrawn cash from Dways’ Bank Accounts
to hand to Wilano. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Irene’s AEIC at [192]; 7AB 3820, 3822; 24/8/21 NE 7.

Her action as such casts doubts on her claim that the $3,000 was made to
Wilano and to refund her for Products that she had purchased. Likewise,
Irene’s claim that Wilano had not yet collected any Products when the refund
was made further undermined her purported purpose for making the payment to
Wilano (even assuming the moneys were in fact paid to her).

86 In the round, Irene has failed to show the transfers of the moneys from
Dways were for the purpose of refunding its distributors for Products that
they had purchased. Irene has failed to act bona fide in Dways’ best interests
or for a proper purpose. The payments which were all made within a short span
of time and purportedly as “refunds” to Wilano, Lionel and Sandra, coincided
with the Lims exiting Dways after a deterioration in their relationship with
Nancy. As Mr Maniam pointed out, Irene had sent a letter to some distributors
in April 2021 which evinced her intent to deplete Dways of its moneys through
refunds to the Lims’ friends and to leave a minimal amount in the Bank
Accounts. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

9AB 5106; 25/8/21 NE 103–106, 115–116; 27/8/21 NE 124–125.

Some payments for which Irene cannot recall their purpose (s/n 17, 27 and 35
of Disputed Payments)

87 I turn to a series of payments which were made by cheques from the UOB
Account between August to November 2019. Irene could not recall the purpose of
these payments but claimed that Nancy knew of and authorised them at the
material time as she had co-signed the cheques. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Irene’s AEIC at [320], [358]–[360], [409]–[411].

They are for $325.51, $1,619.37 and $513.60 (“Three Sums”).

88 I find there is insufficient evidence to show the payments were for a
legitimate commercial benefit to Dways. The payees of the Three Sums are not
identifiable, much less the purpose of the payments. Irene, who had caused
Dways to pay the Three Sums, could not merely assert that she could not recall
to whom they were made. As I have found, Irene was the director primarily in
charge of accounts and payments. She agreed that she was in charge of making
payments to vendors and suppliers and she had even prepared a spreadsheet to
show payments that Dways had made to them (see [17] above). Hence, the
payments of the Three Sums would have been within Irene’s knowledge and the
burden was on her to explain what they were for. Indeed, in other transactions
where Irene caused Dways to issue cheques with a lump sum payment to reimburse
her for Dways’ expenses, she could recall the breakdown of each item and its
transaction value and she even kept her own internal records. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See for example Irene’s AEIC at [106]–[107], [124]–[125], [195]–[198],
[313]–[314].

89 I add that Irene’s claim that Nancy would have known of and authorised the
payment of the Three Sums because she co-signed the cheques does not assist
Irene’s case. I have accepted that Nancy had pre-signed blank cheques for
business expediency and because she trusted Irene (see [34] above).

Reimbursement to Irene for “meals and refreshments” and “cleaning services”
(s/n 24, 25 and 29 of Disputed Payments)

90 Finally, I turn to three sums paid to Irene on 23 and 30 September 2019,
which she claimed were: (a) $156.10 for refreshments for Dways’ OPP on 14
September 2019; (b) $530.46 for refreshments and meals for Dways’ directors,
shareholders and staff in or around August/September 2019; and (c) $230 for
the engagement of a cleaning company to clean Dways’ premises in about
September 2019 (collectively “the Expenses”). 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Irene’s AEIC at [341]–[342], [345], [348], [368]–[369], [371].

I find the Expenses were not for any legitimate commercial benefit to Dways.

91 Compared to the Three Sums, Irene’s claims pertaining to the Expenses are
even more tenuous. Irene’s claims for meals and refreshments were part of a
larger cheque of $3,263.56, and the claim for cleaning services was part of a
larger cheque of $3,008, both made to purportedly reimburse her for various
expenses she expended for Dways. However, the goods and services which
generated these Expenses could not be objectively identified from the
evidence. Irene has not provided any documents to show that she had expended
moneys for the stated purposes or to identify the suppliers/vendors, much less
the amounts expended. It is unbelievable and improbable that she could recall
the purpose of each of the Expenses or even the exact figure that she spent on
each of them, if she claimed to be unable to locate any bills or receipts
pertaining to these expenses and there being no evidence of a distinct sum
having been paid to a third party for each of the Expenses.

92 Again, I accept that Nancy had pre-signed blank cheques. Even if the
cheques were signed after the particulars were filled in, it would not have
been apparent on the face of the cheques what components of expenses they
comprised.

$30,000 loan to the Chuas

93 I turn to the $30,000 loan to the Chuas (“the Loan”). Dways claims that:
(a) the Loan was a personal loan from the Lims; (b) Dways did not authorise
the Loan to be made from it; and (c) in any event, the Loan remains due and
owing from the Chuas. The Lims however claim that the Loan was authorised by
and came from Dways, and that Nancy subsequently approved writing it off as a
way of compensating the Chuas for having contributed substantially to Dways’
business and in exchange for them continuing to do so. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [193], [430]–[435]; D1D2 Defence at [26(c)]–[26(g)]; Irene’s
AEIC at [44]–[51].

94 I find that the Loan was from Dways and authorised by both its directors.
This is supported by the WhatsApp chat group “DWay Loan to Steven Karen”
[emphasis added] and the messages therein. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

3AB 1380–1382.

The members of this chat group were Nancy and the Defendants. On 4 July 2019,
Irene sent a message stating that “DWay has agreed to loan S$30,000 to Steven
Karen on 4 July 2019” [emphasis added] with “[l]oan repayment in 4 months’
time”. After disbursement of the Loan, there was a message requesting the
Chuas to acknowledge receipt of the Loan from “DWay to [you]”. Nancy’s
explanation in court, that she did not contradict Irene (when Irene stated
that Dways had agreed to make the Loan) because she thought it was the Lims
who were lending money to the Chuas, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

11/8/21 NE 109–112.

is unbelievable given the clarity of the name of the chat group and the
messages therein. As such Dways’ claim against the Lims in relation to the
Loan fails.

95 Nevertheless, I find that the Loan remains due and owing by the Chuas to
Dways and has not been written off. The Defendants claim that at a 14 August
2019 meeting with Nancy at Crown Café, they agreed to write off the Loan, and
point to WhatsApp messages to show the meeting took place. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

8AB 4422–4426; 11/8/21 NE 123.

However, the WhatsApp messages do not show any discussion on the Loan. Hence
the Defendants’ claim that Nancy had agreed to write off the Loan at that
meeting was but a bare assertion.

96 Instead, the documentary evidence, which spans from 23 September 2019 to 1
April 2020, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

6AB 2984; 7AB 3654–3656; 9AB 5048; 25/8/21 NE 146–152.

all point to the Loan being outstanding from the Chuas. On 23 September 2019,
when Irene was providing reports in the “DWay Accounts Updates” WhatsApp chat
group (which comprised the Four Persons), she stated “there is a loan amount
to Steven Karen of S$30,000”. Irene herself thus treated the Loan as
outstanding, even after the 14 August 2019 meeting at Crown Café. On 5
December 2019, Nancy messaged the Chuas to state that the outstanding Loan was
supposed to have been settled in October but it was now December. Yet the
Chuas did not refute her claim. Their explanation, that they had been on
holiday and had subsequently clarified with Nancy about the Loan which Nancy
then acknowledged had been written off, was but a bare assertion and
unbelievable. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

2/9/21 NE 71–72; 28/9/21 NE 177–178; DCS at [278]–[279].

In fact, WhatsApp messages even on 6 January 2020 showed Nancy and Justin
discussing the repayment of the Loan. Finally, on 1 April 2020, Irene stated
in an email to Nancy that “[s]ince it is a DWay loan to [the Chuas], it is
only proper that DWay to go after them to pay back S$30,000 to DWay.” Although
the Lims had by then fallen out with Nancy and left Dways, Irene did not say
that Nancy had agreed to write off the Loan. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

9AB 5050, 5216–5217; 1/9/21 NE 90–92.

97 Strangely, whilst Irene was quick to record that Dways had agreed to lend
the Chuas $30,000 in a WhatsApp chat, none of the Defendants made a record of
the purported agreement to write off the Loan. This was despite them claiming
that Nancy had been prevaricating on the issue of writing off the Loan (which
I disbelieve). 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

25/8/21 NE 149–152; 2/9/21 NE 71–72; 28/9/21 NE 35.

As such, Chuas are liable to Dways for the Loan amount.

TLC Investment

98 As for the TLC Investment, Dways invested a sum of money in the TLC
Investment through Justin, and Nancy claims that Justin had represented that
the interest payable to Dways included the sums of US$699, US$829 and
US$1,527.20, which have not been paid to Dways. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

5AB 2612–2617; Nancy’s AEIC at [426].

The Lims deny being liable to Dways for the claimed amount of US$3,055. They
pleaded that any profits from the TLC Investment is generated through trading
in foreign currencies and not through accruing interest. Further, the amount
due to Dways was only US$1,527.20, as the profits generated was an accumulated
amount of US$1,527.20 before it was withdrawn. The Lims pleaded that Dways
then used the profits to make a donation of $1,500 to Psalt Care Ltd (“Psalt”)
for its charity dinner on 25 October 2019 and to pay Zul $1,500 on 1 August
2019 as he was in need of money. As such, there was no moneys owing to Dways.
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

D1D2 Defence at [25(c)]; Justin’s AEIC at [87]; 27/8/21 NE 129; 1/9/21 NE
100–106; 2/9/21 NE 15–16, 18–19; 8AB 4799; DCS at [253]–[254].

99 I find that the Lims owed Dways profits of US$1,527.20 from the TLC
Investment, which has not been paid over to Dways. Nancy’s claim of three sums
(of US$699, US$829 and US$1,527.20) was based on a misreading of the
electronic cash wallet for the TLC Investment (“the Wallet”). The WhatsApp
messages between Justin and Nancy (containing screenshots showing the total
assets in the Wallet) reflected a sum of US$699 on 28 July 2019, which became
US$829 on about 31 July 2019, and then US$1,527.20 on about 11 November 2019.
Indeed, Justin’s 31 July 2019 WhatsApp message to Nancy described what was in
the wallet as “[p]rofit U$829 in less than 2 weeks for DWAY888 invested
10,500”. The Wallet would show only one amount, which would increase or
decrease depending on whether more profits were made or moneys withdrawn from
it. There was therefore only one figure of US$1,527.20 that was due. As an
aside, Justin explained that the amount in the Wallet was denominated in the
cryptocurrency USDT, but this distinction was immaterial as 1 USDT is
equivalent to US$1. In any event, the parties’ submissions did not distinguish
between 1 USDT and US$1. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

5AB 2612–2617; 1/9/19 NE 104; 2/9/21 NE 15–19.

100 This sum of US$1,527.20 remained owing to Dways. The $1,500 donation to
Psalt and $1,500 payment to Zul did not change this conclusion. Whilst there
was a message from Justin to Nancy on 28 July 2019 to say “[n]ext week we can
pay Zul S$1500 without using company fund, instead we can withdraw profit from
TLC”, the fact remained that on 11 November 2019, there was an accumulated
amount of US$1,527.20 in the Wallet and there is no evidence that this sum was
subsequently withdrawn and paid to Dways. Likewise, even if the donation of
$1,500 to Psalt was made using the profits from the TLC Investment, this sum
would have been withdrawn from the Wallet before 11 November 2019 as the
dinner took place in October 2019. Hence, I find the Lims liable to pay this
amount to Dways.

Conclusion on the Disputed Payments

101 In summary, I find the Chuas jointly and severally liable for $30,000 to
Dways on the Loan and the Lims jointly and severally liable for US$1,527.20 to
Dways on the TLC Investment.

102 Further, I find Irene liable to Dways on those Disputed Payments that I
have found to have been made without legitimate basis and/or in breach of her
directors’ duties, namely items 4 to 8, 10 to 14, 17, 24, 25, 27, 29 and 35 of
the Table at [33], and for the amounts stated therein. However, Dways has not
proved on balance that Justin was equally liable whether by causing and
procuring these transactions or by conspiring with Irene, as Dways has
pleaded, save for the $21,000 that was transferred to Irene’s bank account
that included his purported “shareholder’s allowance” (see [72] above), a
point which I will return to. I accept that the Lims worked closely with each
other, both in Dways and in preparing for the trial. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

24/8/21 NE 18; 1/9/21 NE 7.

However, this does not therefore mean that Justin was privy to the payments
that Irene was making from the Bank Accounts, much less that he conspired with
her to cause Dways to make them.

103 In the above regard, I also find that Dways has not shown that Justin was
a custodial fiduciary (see in this regard Sim Poh Ping v Winsta Holding Pte
Ltd and another and other appeals [2020] 1 SLR 1199 at [106]). I find that
Dways has not shown that Justin had control over Dways’ funds and the
existence of Justin’s Employment Agreement. As for Irene, I find that she was
a custodial fiduciary of Dways’ Bank Accounts, based on my earlier findings on
her role in Dways . Also, by December 2019, Irene took steps to give herself
greater control over the Bank Accounts (see [22] and [24] above).

104 That said, it is unnecessary to order an account of Dways’ accounts or the
Disputed Payments made without legitimate or proper basis. The partnership
between the Lims and Nancy/Zul lasted merely a year from early 2019 to
February 2020 and Dways would have identified all the transactions from the
Bank Accounts during this period to arrive at its list of Disputed Payments
(and which it even pared down at the close of the trial). Dways’ loss is
already quantifiable by reference to the amounts that were withdrawn from the
Bank Accounts for each of the transactions that I have found Irene to be
liable on. While Dways may elect whether to call for an account, it is the
court which always has the last word (UVJ and others v UVH and others and
another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 336 at [27]).

105 As for the Allowances, I find that Justin had conspired with Irene to
withdraw the $21,000 from the UOB Account and that they did so with intent to
injure or damage Dways. The Lims were not entitled to the Allowances and Nancy
was unaware of and did not consent to its withdrawal at the material time. I
find that Irene had made the withdrawal with Justin’s agreement and knowledge
as he would benefit from a share of the Allowances.

106 I accept Dways’ assertion that the $21,000 withdrawal (as with other
Disputed Payments such as items 6, and 10 to 14 of the Table at [33], all made
when the Lims were intending to exit or were exiting Dways) was intended to
deplete its accounts when the Lims exited the company. In particular, the
$21,000 withdrawal was done to deplete the UOB Account by Irene in concert
with Justin. On 1 February 2020, the UOB Account had $27,981.19 before the
$21,000 was transferred out on the same date, leaving a balance of $6,981.19.
When Irene ceased to be a director on 5 February 2020, the UOB Account had
about $150. This was partly because she had caused further payments to be made
that were not for proper purposes (items 10 and 11 of the Disputed Payments
amounting to $1,980). 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

7AB 3760–3761; 1/9/21 NE 51–53.

Irene’s act of withdrawing the Allowances on 1 February 2020 also occurred
shortly after the Lims had removed Products from Dways’ office on 23 and 30
January 2020, and as I find below, were removed without Nancy’s knowledge at
the material time. As such, I find Justin jointly and severally liable to
Dways for the sum of $21,000.

Misappropriation of Products and/or revenue from sales of Products

107 Next, Dways claims the Lims had misappropriated or removed Products
without its authorisation on 23 and 30 January 2020. Dways also claims the
Lims had misappropriated revenue from sales of Products. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

SOC at [30B], prayer (A)(1)(d).

Misappropriation of revenue from sales of Products

108 I find Dways has failed to make out a claim for misappropriation of
revenue from sales of Products. Dways did not plead particulars of such
misappropriation. This issue was also not canvassed in any detail at trial and
Dways’ closing submissions did not deal with how revenue from sales of
Products was misappropriated but focused on the misappropriation of Products.
There was a paucity of evidence, if at all, on this issue. It was insufficient
for Nancy to simply state that she was unable to tell whether the Lims had
deposited the moneys generated from their sales of Products into Dways’ bank
accounts. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS at [140]–[149]; 12/8/21 NE 130.

Agreements on the entitlement to Products

109 As for the misappropriation of Products, it is not disputed that Justin
had on 23 January 2020, and the Lims (with the Chuas’ assistance) had on 30
January 2020, removed Products from Dways’ office. The Lims claim the removal
of Products was lawful and relied on two purported agreements among the Four
Persons, which is an issue I will deal with first.

110 The Lims claim that in about September or October 2019, it was orally
agreed among the Four Persons that they would each be entitled to 12 boxes of
HL Span, six boxes of Purity and six boxes of B’Glo per month (“Shareholders’
Entitlement”). Nancy attested however that in about October or November 2019,
the Four Persons agreed that they could each take, in each month, two boxes of
HL Span and three boxes of Purity for personal consumption and two boxes of HL
Span and two boxes of Purity to distribute as samples to potential
distributors or customers (“the Arrangement”). This adds up to four boxes of
HL Span and five boxes of Purity per month. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Irene’s AEIC at [35]; Justin’s AEIC at [8(c)]; Nancy’s AEIC at [121], [124].

111 Justin further claims that at the 22 Jan 2020 Meeting with Nancy, when
they were discussing the sale of the Lims’ shares in Dways, he informed Nancy
that he would like to have HL Span and Purity for his and his family’s
consumption. Nancy then agreed to give Justin 120 boxes of HL Span and 120
boxes of Purity, being four months of consumption for him and his family
(“Family Entitlement”). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Justin’s AEIC at [17(c)].

Dways claims there was no such Family Entitlement.

112 I find on balance the Shareholders’ Entitlement existed. Dways’ claim of
the Arrangement is contradicted by Zul and various WhatsApp messages.

113 First, Zul stated that each of the Four Persons could take, per month, two
to three boxes each of HL Span and Purity for personal consumption and the
same amount to provide as samples to potential distributors or customers. This
amounts to up to six boxes each of HL Span and Purity per month. This was more
than the amount under the Arrangement claimed by Nancy. Second, Zul claimed it
was also agreed that the Four Persons could each take a few boxes of B’Glo,
This contradicted Nancy’s version of the Arrangement, which did not include
any B’Glo. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Zul’s AEIC at [77]–[78]; Nancy’s AEIC at [121]; 13/8/21 NE 51; 27/8/21 NE 44.

Whilst Nancy also mentioned in her AEIC that Dways’ records showed that a
certain number of HL Span, Purity and B’Glo were set aside pursuant to the
Arrangement, this contradicted Nancy’s earlier evidence that the Arrangement
pertained only to HL Span and Purity, which evidence she had elaborated on at
length (without mentioning B’Glo). Nancy also maintained in court that the
Arrangement pertained only to their entitlement to HL Span and Purity. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [121]–[127], [131]; 11/8/21 NE 70.

Hence, Dways’ version of the Arrangement was inherently inconsistent and Zul’s
version instead lent support to the existence of the Shareholders’
Entitlement, which included the distribution of B’Glo.

114 Next, various WhatsApp messages provide support for the quantity of
Products as set out in the Shareholders’ Entitlement. On 28 November 2019,
Carol informed Irene that Nancy had taken 12 boxes of Purity for herself and
Zul, which Nancy confirmed was correct during cross-examination. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

6AB 3063–3067; 8AB 4258–4259; 11/8/21 NE 71–76.

On 22 December 2019, Karen informed Irene that Nancy and Zul had taken 12
boxes of HL Span on 3 December and the same amount on 21 December, 12 boxes of
Purity on 26 November and eight boxes of Purity on 21 December, and a total of
13 boxes of B’Glo between 21 and 30 November and a further eight boxes of
B’Glo on 21 December. Again, Nancy confirmed this was largely correct and in
fact admitted that she probably took more than 24 boxes of HL Span in December
because there were a lot of sales then. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

8AB 4258–4259; 11/8/21 NE 74–84.

Nancy’s conduct of taking for herself at least six boxes of Purity in November
and 12 boxes of HL Span in December as well as taking B’Glo, was more
consistent with the numbers in the Lims’ claim of the Shareholders’
Entitlement than with Dways’ claim of the Arrangement.

115 As for Mr Maniam’s suggestion that the Shareholders’ Entitlement could not
be true as this would mean the shareholders were taking Products worth a total
of $17,664 per month, this argument is flawed. Mr Maniam has used the retail
price of the Products to arrive at the figure of $17,664, whereas the cost
price would have been less than $1,500. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

27/8/21 NE 51–54.

116 However, I find the Lims have not on balance shown the existence of an
agreement to the Family Entitlement. The lack of any documentary evidence of
such an agreement is particularly telling. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

1/9/21 NE 109.

By the 22 Jan 2020 Meeting, the relationship between Nancy and the Lims had
deteriorated. It was unlikely that Nancy would have agreed to give the Lims
120 boxes each of HL Span and Purity. It was equally unlikely that Justin
would not have documented this purported agreement (if it existed), such as by
a WhatsApp message to Nancy, given the proliferation of chat groups among the
Four Persons and Irene’s claim to prefer to record matters in writing. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

25/8/21 NE 178.

The assertion of a Family Entitlement was not even raised in the Lims’ Defence
until Dways disclosed evidence from the CCTV cameras in and around Dways’
office (“CCTV Footages”) showing the Lims removing Products on 23 and 30
January 2020. This suggests that the Lims’ claim to a Family Entitlement was
but an afterthought. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

25/8/21 NE 159–161, 164–165, 180–181.

117 Irene claims that the Family Entitlement was part of the agreement for the
Lims to sell their shares. I disbelieve this. It does not cohere with the
Lims’ own version of events. According to the Lims, at the 22 Jan 2020
Meeting, no purchase price for the shares was even proposed. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Justin’s AEIC at [17(b)]; 25/8/21 NE 160, 177; 1/9/21 NE 111.

As such it was unlikely that Nancy would have agreed to the Family Entitlement
on this date.

118 Having found the existence of the Shareholders’ Entitlement, I next
consider whether the agreement provided that a certain quantity of Products
would be for personal consumption whilst the rest would be provided as samples
to potential distributors or customers. This would affect what (if any) the
Lims were entitled to take 23 and 30 January 2020.

119 Whilst Nancy (as I have found) might have understated the quantity of
Products which each of the Four Persons was entitled to per month, this did
not therefore mean that she was lying about the purpose behind the taking of
the Products. Nancy attested that it was important that the Four Persons
personally consumed the Products to experience the health benefits so that
they could market the Products better. However, one to two boxes each of HL
Span and Purity would have been sufficient for an individual’s consumption per
month, and hence the rest were meant for distribution to potential
distributors or customers. As the purpose for this arrangement was to allow
the Four Persons to better market the Products, if any one of them ceased to
be a shareholder, he or she would no longer be allowed to take any Products.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [121]–[128].

120 I accept Nancy’s testimony in relation to the dual purposes for taking the
Products (ie, for personal consumption and distribution to potential
distributors or customers). This was also attested to by Zul whom I had no
reason to doubt. In court, Irene also agreed that part of the Shareholders’
Entitlement was meant for distribution to potential distributors and
customers. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Zul’s AEIC at [77]; 25/8/21 NE 169.

It is not disputed that where an individual wishes to consume the Products,
the recommended monthly dosage is up to two boxes of HL Span and 1.5 boxes
each of Purity and B’Glo. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

25/8/21 NE 165–166.

In the final analysis, I find that each of the Four Persons were entitled to
no more than two boxes of HL Span, three boxes of Purity and two boxes of
B’Glo per month for personal consumption (“Personal Entitlement”). In
particular, in relation to Purity, whilst I have rejected Nancy’s account of
the Arrangement pertaining to the total number of boxes of each Product that
each of the Four Persons was entitled to in a month (being less than the total
under the Shareholders’ Entitlement), I accept Nancy’s account that for the
purposes of personal consumption, each of them was entitled to take three
boxes of Purity (see [110] above).

121 I also accept Nancy’s testimony that the entitlement to Products would
cease to apply to a shareholder who leaves Dways. The Lims were thus entitled
to their respective Personal Entitlement up to January 2020, pursuant to the
Shareholders’ Entitlement which had already been agreed on in 2019. When
Justin met Nancy on 22 January 2020 to discuss the sale of the Lims’ shares,
their relationship with Nancy had deteriorated and it was unlikely that the
Lims intended to continue distributing Products for Dways, nor was there
evidence that they did so. Consequently, when the Lims removed Products in
January 2020, they were not entitled to take anything in excess of their
Personal Entitlements. As for the Lims replacing B’Glo with Purity (which they
claimed they were entitled to do) because they preferred the latter Product,
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Irene’s AEIC at [69].

I see no legitimate basis for this as there was no agreement to vary the terms
of the Shareholders’ Entitlement. Additionally, the Lims were not entitled to
remove Products at any time pursuant to a Family Entitlement which did not
exist.

122 In sum, the Lims were entitled to four boxes of HL Span, six boxes of
Purity and four boxes of B’Glo per month from November 2019 to January 2020,
pursuant to their Personal Entitlements which accrued up to then. As for the
actual quantity of Products already taken (prior to 23 January 2020) and how
many more the Lims were thus entitled to remove on 23 or 30 January 2020
pursuant to their Personal Entitlements, and the consequent damage to Dways by
the Lims’ removal of excess Products, these matters are to be determined at
the assessment of damages stage.

Whether Nancy knew of or authorised the removal of Products on 23 and 30
January 2020 by the Lims

123 It is clear from Dways’ pleadings that it relies specifically on the
occasions of 23 and 30 January 2020 to claim that the Lims misappropriated
Products, and Dways has also attributed the shortfall in the number of
Products in its inventory to the Lims’ removal of Products on these two dates.
131

##### Foot Note 131

×

SOC at [30B]; Nancy’s AEIC at [379]–[380]; PCS at [194]–[196].

While it caveats that there may be more occasions of such misappropriation,
there is no evidence as such and Dways has not in cross-examination of the
Lims alleged that they had taken Products on other occasions without
authorisation. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

25/8/21 NE 190–191; 1/9/21 NE 155–156.

As such, my findings are confined only to the occasions of 23 and 30 January
2020.

124 For completeness of my analysis on the removal of Products, I accept that
Nancy was not informed of, nor did she know about, the removal of Products on
23 and 30 January 2020 at the material time. She only found out after she
obtained the CCTV Footages. By then, the Lims had exited Dways. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [360]–[369].

125 Justin claims that he informed Nancy at the 22 Jan 2020 Meeting that he
would be going to Dways’ office the next day to take the Family Entitlement.
He further claims that on 23 January 2020, he went to the office and left with
one carton of HL Span (which contains 78 boxes of HL Span, a figure not
disputed by the parties) as part of the Family Entitlement and an empty carton
for disposal. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Justin’s AEIC at [17(d)], [43]–[44]; 27/8/21 NE 89–90; 3/9/21 NE 41.

126 The Lims further claim that on the morning of 30 January 2020, they went
to Dways’ office to clear their personal belongings and to collect the
Shareholders’ Entitlement (for the months of November 2019 to January 2020)
and the rest of the Family Entitlement. By this time, they were going to sell
their shares in Dways. At a meeting that afternoon with Nancy, Justin told her
that the Defendants had on that morning gone to Dways’ office to clear the
Lims’ personal belongings and take the Family and Shareholders’ Entitlements.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Justin’s AEIC at [19]–[22], [45].

127 I disbelieve that Justin had informed Nancy on 22 January 2020 that he was
going to Dways’ office the next day to remove Products, and I find that he had
deliberately concealed this from her. As there was no agreement on a Family
Entitlement, there would have been no reason for Justin to tell Nancy in
advance that he was going to take the Family Entitlement. Further, on 23
January 2020 at 8.02am, Nancy messaged Justin to ask if they were meeting that
day, to which Justin replied at 8.38am to say that he could not. The CCTV
Footages showed Justin at Dways’ premises at about 7.51am until 8.35am. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Exhibit D (Figures 2 and 19); 1/9/21 NE 117–118, 124; Justin’s AEIC at
[18(a)].

Justin claims he did not see Nancy’s 8.02am message until after he left the
office. I disbelieve this. Nancy’s 23 January 2020 message was a follow-up
from a message that she had sent to Justin on 22 January at 8.54pm asking if
they could meet up “tomorrow morning”, which Justin did not even reply to. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

9AB 5224–5225.

I find on balance that Justin would have seen the 22 January 2020 message but
chose to ignore it, as he did with Nancy’s 23 January 2020 message, because he
wanted to go to the office on 23 January 2020 morning to remove Products
without telling Nancy. That was the reason why he did not want to meet Nancy
that morning, and not because he “did not intend to stay long”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Justin’s AEIC at [18(b)].

It is telling that even when Justin finally replied at 8.38am to say that he
could not meet her that day, he failed to inform Nancy that he had taken some
Products.

128 Likewise, I find that Nancy was unaware of the Lims’ intent to remove
Products on 30 January 2020. Whilst Irene had, on 29 January 2020, requested
the Chuas to accompany the Lims to the office on 30 January, purportedly to
witness and record the Products that the Lims were going to take, they did not
see it fit to inform Nancy or Zul of the same. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Irene’s AEIC at [63]–[64].

By this time the relationship between Nancy and the Lims had broken down and
there was a lack of trust between them. As such, it would have been natural to
inform Nancy in advance that they were intending to take their entitlement of
Products to ensure that there would be no dispute later with Nancy over
missing Products.

129 The Lims’ omission to inform Nancy that they were going to Dways’ office
on 30 January 2020 to take Products was all the more glaring considering that
on 29 January 2020 Nancy messaged Justin to ask if they could meet “tomorrow
morning or afternoon”, to which Justin’s reply was merely that they could meet
in the afternoon. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

9AB 5225.

I disbelieve that Justin had, in the afternoon of 30 January 2020, then
informed Nancy that the Defendants had in the morning gone to Dways’ office.
Justin’s claim was not supported by any documentary record and was
inconsistent with Irene’s account in court that he had informed Nancy
beforehand of the Lims’ intention to remove Products on 30 January 2020.
Irene’s attempt to explain the lack of documentary evidence, claiming that the
Defendants’ method of communicating with Nancy was “always … oral or meet up”
and that the Lims never messaged Nancy, is unbelievable given the numerous
chat groups that Irene created for Dways’ communication purposes. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

25/8/21 NE 181–182; Justin’s AEIC at [21]–[22].

Products removed on 23 and 30 January 2020

130 Next, I turn to address the quantities of Products removed on 23 and 30
January 2020. Dways cites a shortfall of 415 boxes of HL Span, 415 boxes of
Purity and 406 boxes of B’Glo, with a total retail value of $205,094, as the
basis for this claim in the Suit. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

SOC at [31(a)]–[31(d)], [32(g)]; Nancy’s AEIC at [388]–[389].

The Lims claim that they only removed 78 boxes of HL Span on 23 January 2020,
and 75 boxes of HL Span and 162 boxes of Purity on 30 January 2020. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Justin’s AEIC at [43(b)], [44(b)]; Irene’s AEIC at [65].

Products removed on 23 January 2020

131 I turn first to the incident on 23 January 2020. Whilst Justin claims, in
his AEIC, to have removed only two cartons (ie, a carton of HL Span containing
78 boxes of HL Span and an empty carton to dispose of) the CCTV Footages
showed Justin doing the following: (a) carrying a sealed carton to the lift
lobby (not disputed by Justin); (b) returning to the lift lobby with another
sealed carton (“2nd Carton”) and a tote bag (“Tote Bag”) filled with items;
and (c) finally emerging from the office with an empty carton (“3rd Carton”)
before entering the lift with three cartons and the Tote Bag (not disputed by
Justin). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

1/9/21 NE 123–126, Exhibit D (Figs 13–19).

132 In court, Justin agreed that he had taken three cartons. He claimed that
he was going to dispose the 2nd Carton which was empty. I disbelieve Justin
and find the 2nd Carton was a sealed carton. The CCTV Footages showed the 3rd
Carton as being empty (which Justin agreed to). The CCTV Footages also showed
that when Justin walked into the lift with the empty 3rd Carton and Tote Bag,
there were two unopened cartons that looked alike on the floor outside the
lift. I thus accept on balance that the 2nd Carton (which was sealed) also
contained 78 boxes of HL Span, and that Justin had removed two cartons
containing a total of 156 boxes of HL Span. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PCS at [170].

133 I also accept that the Tote Bag contained Products. It is not disputed
that Justin was at the mezzanine level of Dways’ office where boxes of HL Span
and Purity were kept and that he was packing white boxes into a tote bag. It
is also not disputed that HL Span and Purity came in white boxes. I disbelieve
Justin’s claim in court that the Tote Bag contained the Lims’ personal items,
including items bought from IKEA and which came in white boxes. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Exhibit D (Figs 5–10, 16); 1/9/21 NE 118–121, 128–129.

Justin did not in his AEIC mention that he had gone to the office on 23
January 2020 to also remove the Lims’ personal belongings, and only stated
that he had informed Nancy on 22 January 2020 that he was going to Dways’
office the next day to take his Family Entitlement without more. His lack of
explanation in the AEIC is telling considering that he knew of Dways’ pleaded
case, which asserted that the Lims had misappropriated Products on 23 January
2020, and that he saw the CCTV Footages before preparing his AEIC. Whilst
Justin claims that it was unnecessary to mention in his AEIC that he had
removed personal items on 23 January 2020, the Lims had seen it fit to state
on affidavit that they had gone to Dways’ office on 30 January 2020 to clear
their personal belongings. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

1/9/21 NE 126–127; Irene’s AEIC at [63]; Justin’s AEIC at [22], [45]–[46].

134 That said, I am unable to determine what Products the Tote Bag contained.
The CCTV Footages show that it was a large Dways tote bag that was completely
filled. It would have thus been filled with 20 boxes of Purity or 30 boxes of
HL Span, or a combination of both. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCS at [172]–[174]; Exhibit D (Figs 9, 10, 16).

The issue of how this is to be assessed will be determined at the assessment
of damages stage.

Products removed on 30 January 2020

135 In closing submissions, Dways claimed the following were removed by the
Lims on 30 January 2020: (a) at least 16 large tote bags filled with HL Span
and/or Purity (“16 Bags”, which I will call “TB1” to “TB16” respectively); and
(b) eight other tote bags which might have contained Products (“8 Bags”, which
I will call “TB-A” to “TB-H” respectively). 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

PCS at [179].

136 The Lims claim that the 8 Bags did not contain Products. As for the 16
Bags, the Lims’ position is as follows: (a) TB1, TB2, TB5 to TB9, and TB13 to
TB16 were filled to the brim with Products; (b) TB3 was filled to the brim but
appears to contain a mix of Products; (c) TB4 and TB12 were not filled to the
brim with Products; and (d) TB10 and TB11 did not contain any Products. They
also claim that different sizes of tote bags were used, and Dways has not
shown that all of the tote bags contained either 30 HL Span or 20 Purity
boxes. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

DCS at [299]–[301]; 30/9/21 NE 108–110.

The Lims claim that they removed only a total of 75 boxes of HL Span and 162
boxes of Purity on 30 January 2020.

137 For the 8 Bags, I am unable to find on balance that they contain any
Products, after reviewing the CCTV Footages. In particular, TB-G and TB-H
appeared to be filled with miscellaneous items of various shapes which did not
look like the white boxes in which HL Span and Purity are stored, and Mr
Maniam agreed that these tote bags were also used to contain other items. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Exhibit D (Figs 57–58); Exhibit D2 (Figs 25–37, 40–61); 27/8/21 NE 99.

Likewise, from my observation of the CCTV Footages capturing TB-A to TB-F, the
footages do not reveal their contents or any white boxes.

138 As for the 16 Bags, I accept that they were all large tote bags. Parties
agree that a large tote bag can fill up to 30 boxes of HL Span (in five rows
of six boxes each) or 20 boxes of Purity (in four rows of five boxes each).
Additionally, the photographs show a HL Span box to be slimmer than a Purity
box. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DCS at [297]; Exhibit F (Figs 3 and 27).

Mr Lim accepted that the CCTV Footages show the Chuas packing 20 boxes of
Purity in one tote bag and 30 boxes of HL Span in another tote bag. As such
the two bags the Chuas packed would have been large tote bags, as Dways’
medium-sized tote bags can accommodate only up to 20 boxes of HL Span or 12
boxes of Purity. Parties further agreed that the two bags the Chuas packed
were part of the 16 Bags. The CCTV Footages also show the 16 Bags to be of the
same size, and whilst the Lims claim that they were of different sizes, they
have not identified which bags were of which sizes. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

30/9/21 NE 110–115; Exhibit D3.

139 Next, I find on balance that the tote bags contained as follows:

(a) TB1 was filled to the brim. I accept Mr Lim’s submission that it was
filled with HL Span (ie, it contained 30 boxes of HL Span). 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Exhibit D2 (Figs 1–2); DCS at [301].

(b) For TB2 and TB3, parties agree that one bag was filled to the brim with
Purity (20 boxes) but disagree on the other bag’s contents. Mr Lim submits
that the other bag appeared to be filled with HL Span and two boxes of Purity,
whilst Mr Maniam was unable to confirm whether there was a mix of Products.
155

##### Foot Note 155

×

5/10/21 NE 1–2; DCS at [301]; Exhibit D2 (Figs 2–19); Exhibit D2A (Figs 2–5);
Drew & Napier LLC’s letter dated 8 October 2021.

I accept Mr Lim’s submission that one of the bags was a mix of Purity and HL
Span and that based on his submissions the maximum number of Products that
could be accommodated in the bag would have been 28 boxes of HL Span and two
boxes of Purity.

(c) Parties agree that TB4 contained Purity and that the bag was not full. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

5/10/21 NE 2; Exhibits D2 and D2A (Fig 14); PCS at [185].

Based on the CCTV Footages I find TB4 was three-quarters filled (ie, with
three rows of five boxes) with an additional box on the top. Hence there were
16 boxes of Purity.

(d) I find TB5 to be filled completely with HL Span (ie, 30 boxes), 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Exhibit D2 (Figs 5–6).

consistent with Mr Lim’s submissions.

(e) For TB6, TB7, TB8, TB9, TB15 and TB16, I observe them to be filled to the
brim with Purity (ie, 20 boxes each), 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Exhibit D2 (Figs 15–16, 21–24, 57–60); Exhibit D2A (Fig 27).

consistent with Mr Lim’s submissions.

(f) For TB10 and TB11, I find they contain Products and appear to be almost
filled to the brim with the top row empty. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Exhibit D2 (Figs 28–34); Exhibit D2A (Figs 8–9, 18–22).

However, it is unclear whether each bag contained 15 boxes of Purity or 24
boxes of HL Span or a combination of both. The issue of how this is to be
assessed will be determined at the assessment of damages stage.

(g) For TB12, TB13 and TB14, the CCTV Footages show that two of the bags were
filled to the brim with five boxes in a row. I find these to be boxes of
Purity, totalling 40 (ie, 20 in each bag). I also find the remaining bag to
contain Purity but filled only three-quarters up with one further box on top,
thus totalling 16 boxes of Purity in the bag. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

5/10/21 NE 2; Exhibit D2A (Fig 26).

140 Additionally, Mr Maniam pointed to a carton (“Carton 1”) that Steven was
seen pushing on the mezzanine level of Dways’ office. Dways claims that it
also contained Products but was unable to identify what Products were in it.
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

30/9/21 NE 116–121; 5/10/21 NE 2; Exhibit D (Fig 20); Exhibit D4.

It is not disputed that Carton 1 was of a different shape and size from a
carton of HL Span or Purity and that it had the words “Travelite Tote Bag” on
it. As such I find that Dways has not shown Carton 1 to contain any Products –
the description of the carton would suggest that it contained tote bags.

Total Products misappropriated by Justin and Irene

141 In the round, I find that Justin had conspired with Irene to remove: (a)
on 23 January 2020, 156 boxes of HL Span and the Tote Bag (containing HL Span,
Purity or both); and (b) on 30 January 2020, 88 boxes of HL Span, 214 boxes of
Purity and TB10 and TB11 (containing HL Span, Purity or both), subject to any
Products that they were entitled to under their Personal Entitlements. They
did so with intent to cause damage or injury to Dways. In relation to the
incident on 23 January 2020, although it was Justin who removed Products on
that day, I find that Irene had combined with Justin to do so. As I have found
at [102], the Lims worked closely with each other in Dways. Specific to the
removal of the Products, Irene attested that Justin’s version of events (eg,
on the Family Entitlement and his removal of Products pursuant to their Family
Entitlement) matched her recollection, a version of events which I have not
accepted to be true. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Irene’s AEIC at [53]–[54].

In combining with Justin to misappropriate the Products, Irene has also
breached her duties to Dways as a director, including the no-conflict and no-
profit rules.

142 Dways claims the Lims removed far more Products on 23 and 30 January 2020
than what could be observed on the CCTV Footages. In particular, Nancy claims
there was a shortfall (“the Shortfall”) of 415 boxes each of HL Span and
Purity and 406 boxes of B’Glo, based on her calculations as well as stock
checks she conducted on 2 February 2020 and on another date (“Stock Checks”).
163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS at [194]; Nancy’s AEIC at [388]; 11/8/21 NE 163, 165; 13/8/21 NE 53–55;
7AB 3825.

The Shortfall is derived from the number of boxes of each Product received by
Dways from manufacturers (“Quantity X”) after deducting: (a) the number of
boxes taken by Dways’ customers, Dways’ stockist and the shareholders under
the Arrangement, namely 703 boxes of HL Span, 334 boxes of Purity and 172
boxes of B’Glo (“Quantity Y”); and (b) the remaining number of boxes with
Dways pursuant to the Stock Checks (“Quantity Z”).

143 I am unable to accept Nancy’s calculations as showing the Shortfall. Nancy
did not explain how she derived the number of Products for Quantity Y nor
produce evidence to explain this, let alone give a breakdown of the quantities
taken by Dways’ customers, stockist and shareholders.

144 Mr Maniam in closing submissions relied on a spreadsheet generated from
Dways’ system (“Product Record”) for the above purpose. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PCS at [192]; 12AB 6781–6783.

But the Product Record was not complete nor accurate. First, it did not record
the number of Products taken by the stockist (a component of Quantity Y).
Second, the Product Record was inaccurate as to the quantities taken by each
shareholder pursuant to the Arrangement (another component of Quantity Y). In
this regard, Nancy claims the Product Record showed that, as at 10 November
2019, 50 boxes of HL Span, 35 boxes of Purity and 30 boxes of B’Glo were set
aside pursuant to the Arrangement. But this is contradicted by: (a) Nancy’s
assertion of the number of HL Span and Purity that each shareholder was
entitled to take per month (which did not add up to the quantities in the
Product Record); and (b) the exclusion of B’Glo from the Arrangement (whereas
the Product Record recorded quantities of B’Glo being set aside). The Product
Record is also contradicted by Karen’s WhatsApp message to Irene on 22
December 2019, for instance, which showed that Nancy and Zul had taken 24
boxes of HL Span in December 2019 alone. Notably, Nancy admitted at trial that
she probably took more than that (see [114] above). Nancy also admitted to
having taken 17 boxes of HL Span in early January 2020 (see [30] above), 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

6AB 3576–3577.

but it is unclear if this was recorded in the Product Record. Taken together
with Nancy’s claim that she was not responsible for keeping a record of sales
or an inventory, and the evidence which showed she would take Products first
and make a record later (see [30] above), I do not find her record of Quantity
Y and its components and of the Product Record at the time the Lims exited
Dways to be reliable.

145 As Dways’ claim on the Products is premised on the Shortfall numbers, it
falls on Nancy to show some evidence of how she derived the Shortfall. There
is no dispute on Quantity X but even if I accept her evidence on Quantity Z
(which to some extent is supported by a contemporaneous written note of the
Stock Check on 2 February 2020), 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

7AB 3825.

she is unable to show any evidence of the figure for Quantity Y. Hence, on the
best evidence available, I find that the total number of Products that the
Lims took from Dways on 23 and 30 January 2020 (including their Personal
Entitlements if any) amounted to: (a) 244 boxes of HL Span and 214 boxes of
Purity; and (b) three tote bags which contained HL Span and/or Purity (the
quantities of which are to be determined at the assessment of damages stage).

Transferring and deleting information belonging to Dways

146 At this juncture I deal briefly with Dways’ claim that Irene, with Karen’s
assistance, had transferred and/or deleted documents or information
(collectively, “Information”) stored in Dways’ desktop computers. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

SOC at [24A].

Suffice to say, Irene had admitted in court that on 30 January 2020 (when the
Defendants went to Dways’ office to take Products), Karen had assisted her to
transfer Information belonging to Dways from its computer system into a thumb
drive and then deleted the Information on Dways’ computers, and that she did
not inform Nancy of this at the material time. The Defendants also did not
challenge the expert report provided by Dways regarding the files that were
transferred to an external storage device. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

26/8/21 NE 20–27; 3/9/21 NE 65; 11AB 5873–6416; PCS at [89].

147 Irene’s actions as such were clearly in breach of her duties as a director
and (taken together with the Lims’ acts of removing Products) meant to injure
Dways’ business. I accept Mr Maniam’s assertion that Dways would have
difficulty operating without the necessary records and the deletion of Dways’
Information would have made it more difficult for it to detect what Products
might have been taken. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

26/8/21 NE 29–30.

148 That said, this particular claim is made for the limited purpose of
supporting Dways’ case on the need for an account of its inventory, sales
records and bank records. In other words, this was essentially to assist Dways
to discover what payments were made from its Bank Accounts (and whether they
were for proper purposes) and what Products were taken by the Lims. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

PCS at [94].

However such an account is unnecessary. Dways’ claim on the transactions in
the Bank Accounts has been pared down specifically to the Disputed Payments,
for which I have made my findings and explained why an account is unnecessary
(see [104] above). It is also unnecessary to order an account of the inventory
or sales records of Products, as Dways has defined its claim against the Lims
as being the Shortfall amount, of which I have made my findings (see [145]
above). Dways also has not specifically pleaded what other injurious acts (if
any) have resulted from Irene’s removal and deletion of Dways’ Information.

Defamation

149 Finally, I turn to Dways’ claim for defamation against Irene based on
WhatsApp messages and letters that Irene had sent, as follows:

(a) on 10 and 11 April 2020, Irene sent WhatsApp messages (under the alias
“Lisa Chew”) to Inge Listya Halim (“Inge”), Lee Yet Tit (“Lee”) and Ng Swee
Kim (“Ng”), Dways’ distributors/customers (“WhatsApp Messages”); 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

SOC at [33B]–[33C]; 9AB 5075–5080, 5087–5102, 5103–5104; Nancy’s AEIC at
[482]–[483].

(b) in April 2020, Irene sent an undated and unsigned letter to Inge, Lee and
Ng (“1st Letter”); 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

SOC at [33E]; Nancy’s AEIC at [488]–[489]; Irene’s AEIC at [443(b)]; 9AB
5105–5107; 25/8/21 NE 101–102.

and

(c) in April 2020, Irene sent another undated and unsigned letter to Lee (“2nd
Letter”). 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

SOC at [33G]; Nancy’s AEIC at [491]; Irene’s AEIC at [443(c)]; 9AB 5108–5109;
26/8/21 NE 42.

150 Irene had sent the WhatsApp Messages, 1st Letter and 2nd Letter from a
different phone number and pretended to be one “Lisa Chew” (“Lisa”) because
she wanted to remain anonymous. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Irene’s AEIC at [446]; 25/8/21 NE 99, 135, 185; 26/8/21 NE 41–42.

WhatsApp Messages

151 Dways relies on the following words, amongst others, in the WhatsApp
Messages which it claims are defamatory (“the Words”):

(a) “If u hv been told that the product was from USA or New Zealand or
Australia … then u hv bn cheated.”

(b) “The capsules turn black easily, pls dun take as it may contain ‘mould’.”

(c) “My name is Lisa … I joined DWay buying their products. Hv bn cheated … I
hv returned the products n got back my refund.”

(d) “These products were not made from USA, Australia or New Zealand … The
products were made from a country that do not meet the World Hygiene
Standard.”

(e) “If u know d country, u wil not buy at all!”

(f) “U see d capsules turn black easily n is so scary!”

(g) “… not to follow people that lie n cheat!”

(h) “… u are putting your health at stake n wil get yourself into trouble!”

(i) “You hv bn cheated by them”.

(j) “We r coming fr good intention, to stop Nancy n Zul continuing to cheat
people.”

(k) “We hv bn chested [sic] n we dun want more people to b cheated!”

(l) “I bought the products but I hv returned n got back my money … they hv to
return as they told me their products r made fr USA but it was not true … they
hv cheated many ppl ..”

152 Dways claims that the Words in their natural and ordinary meaning meant or
were understood to mean: (a) that a genuine customer “Lisa Chew” had been
cheated by Dways; (b) that the Products were dangerous, unhygienic or unsafe
for consumption and its distributors and customers had been cheated and should
seek a refund from Dways; and (c) that Dways’ business was conducted in a
dishonest manner. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

SOC at [33D]; Nancy’s AEIC at [484]–[485].

Irene denies the Words were defamatory and submits that even if they were,
they were defamatory of Nancy and Zul (and not Dways). 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

D1D2 Defence at [30C]–[30D]; DCS at [327]–[330].

I find the WhatsApp Messages referred to and were defamatory of Dways.

153 Irene admitted she was pretending to be “Lisa” and sought to portray
“Lisa” as a former Dways distributor/customer who had been cheated and who had
legitimate concerns about the safety and manufacturing origins of the
Products. She used an alias to make her allegations appear objective. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Irene’s AEIC at [446]; 25/8/21 NE 135; 26/8/21 NE 35–36, 50.

154 I accept that the Words meant and were understood to mean that Dways’
business had been conducted in a dishonest manner through misrepresentations
to its customers as to where its Products were manufactured. When Lee informed
“Lisa” that she had been told the products had been manufactured in the USA,
“Lisa” replied that Lee was another person cheated by Dways. “Lisa” made
multiple comments asserting that Dways had misrepresented the country of
manufacture of its Products, ie, that they were from the USA, New Zealand or
Australia. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

9AB 5075, 5078–5080, 5091–5092, 5094–5097, 5099, 5103–5104.

It is not disputed that HL Span and Purity were manufactured in China while
B’Glo was manufactured in Malaysia. As Irene stated, she had sent the WhatsApp
Messages to warn distributors/customers of misrepresentations which had been
made in relation to the Products. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

12/8/21 NE 58; Irene’s AEIC at [447]–[450].

The words “lie” and “cheat” also suggest dishonesty or business misconduct.

155 Additionally, the Words meant and were understood to mean that Dways sold
products that were unsafe for consumption. In particular, “Lisa” stated that
“[t]he capsules turn black easily, pls dun take as it may contain ‘mould’” and
added that the Products were manufactured in a country that did not meet the
“World Hygiene Standard” (which Irene admitted at trial was a standard that
did not exist). Irene agreed she was informing Inge, Lee and Ng that the
Products were unsafe because they were made in a country that did not conform
to minimum hygiene standards and that they should be careful. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

26/8/21 NE 67–68, 70–75, 82–83.

156 It is also clear that the Words and WhatsApp Messages referred to Dways
and its reputation. The WhatsApp Messages (which were sent to Dways’
distributors or customers) referred to its Products, and related to the
conduct of Dways in selling its Products and to the safety of the Products.

1st Letter

157 Dways relies on the following words, among others, in the 1st Letter which
it claims are defamatory:

(a) “[T]hey discovered Nancy & Zul, that took many stocks to sell but the
money they had collected went to their pockets instead of DWay accounts !”

(b) “With Nancy & Zul malpractice w totally no integrity, d ex-directors
refunded all d products’ amounts to some Product Purchasers (Distributors)
which were their friends n left a minimal amount in d DWay accounts in return
to Nancy !!”

(c) “The Ungrateful & Ruthless Nancy & Zul – Do not trust them ! Whatever they
say, seek for proof ! Such despicable character, better to stay away, if not,
next time you wil suffer more than us !”

158 Dways claims the words in the 1st Letter in their natural and ordinary
meaning meant or were understood to mean: (a) that its director Nancy and
distributor Zul were untrustworthy and malicious; (b) that they had stolen
Dways’ Products; and (c) that Dways’ business was conducted in a dishonest and
improper manner. Moreover, reading the letter in its entirely, the 1st Letter
suggested that Dways’ business was one where uplines could be abruptly
terminated and unreasonably so. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

SOC at [33E]–[33F]; Nancy’s AEIC at [489]–[490].

Irene denies that the words were defamatory, and submits that even if they
were, they were defamatory of only Nancy and Zul. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

D1D2 Defence at [30G]–[30I]; DCS at [327]–[330].

I likewise find the 1st Letter referred to and was defamatory of Dways.

159 Irene admitted to creating the impression that some other distributor had
written the 1st Letter. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

26/8/21 NE 50–51.

Whilst it referred to Nancy’s and Zul’s conduct in Dways and impugned their
integrity and reputation, read in totality, it also: (a) referred to Dways’
business being conducted in a dishonest and an improper manner by its
“directors” (which was how Irene described the Four Persons); and (b) sought
to weaken Dways’ business reputation by citing its mismanagement in
terminating distributors unjustifiably. For instance, at the beginning of the
1st Letter, Irene stated that “[o]ur uplines were terminated due to this
reason, they discovered Nancy & Zul, that took many stocks to sell but the
money they had collected went to their pockets instead of DWay accounts !” At
the end of the letter, Irene stated “[f]or those that continue w DWay, good
luck to you ! Do remember to withdraw your Commission. Do not work for FREE !”
Finally, Irene admitted that when she wrote the words “Nancy felt that our
uplines hv betrayed her by telling d ex-Directors of their stealing of stocks
with no money banked into DWay accounts ! All of us did not expect Nancy to be
so unscrupulous, unethical, immoral & full of crooks !”, she wanted to create
the impression that Dways was managed by a director who was unscrupulous,
unethical, immoral and a crook. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

27/8/21 NE 12.

2nd Letter

160 Finally, Dways relies on the following words, among others, in the 2nd
Letter which it claims are defamatory:

(a) “Your HL Span capsules turn black easily which we hv no confidence in d
quality of your products ;” [emphasis in bold in original]

(b) “On your packaging box, there is no indication where the product is made
from;”

(c) “[Y]our money came from the stocks you took with no sales amount paid to
DWay accounts”.

161 Dways claims the words in the 2nd Letter in their natural and ordinary
meaning meant or were understood to mean: (a) that its Products were unsafe
for consumption; (b) that its director Nancy and distributor Zul had stolen
its Products; and (c) that its business was conducted in a dishonest and
improper manner. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

SOC at [33G]–[33H]; Nancy’s AEIC at [491]–[492].

Irene denies the 2nd Letter was defamatory, and submits that in any event, it
was defamatory of only Nancy and Zul. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

D1D2 Defence at [30L]–[30N]; DCS at [327]–[330].

Again, I find the 2nd Letter referred to and was defamatory of Dways.

162 The statements in the 2nd Letter meant and were understood to mean that
Dways’ Products were unsafe for consumption. For instance, it stated that the
“HL Span capsules turn black easily which we [have] no confidence in [the]
quality of [Dways’] products” [emphasis in original]. It also stated that if
consumers knew the country in which the Products were made, they would “never
buy to consume” them. Further, the statements meant and were understood to
mean that Dways’ business was conducted in a dishonest and improper manner.
They included allegations that Dways had actively misrepresented to its
customers where its products were manufactured. For instance, one line stated
that “[i]n your Product Presentation, you have told us that [Dways’] products
are from one of these countries (USA or Australia or New Zealand), however, we
later found out that you have lied to all of us! Your products are not made
from any of these mentioned countries.”

163 In defence, Irene claims that even if the WhatsApp Messages, 1st Letter
and 2nd Letter were defamatory, they were fair comment on a matter of public
interest or alternatively that they were true in substance and in fact. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

D1D2 Defence at [30E]–[30F], [30J]–[30K], [30O]–[30P].

Justification

164 For the defence of justification, the onus is on Irene to prove that the
defamatory statements in the WhatsApp Messages, 1st Letter and 2nd Letter are
true in substance and in fact. I find that Irene has failed to make out this
defence.

Whether Products were safe for consumption

165 In relation to the safety of the Products, Irene claims there were black
spots on the Products and Dways began to receive complaints related to this
from customers in around November or December 2019. Irene also claims that
Vivianne’s father had passed away suddenly after consuming the Products. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

D1D2 Defence at [30E(c)]–[30E(d)]; Irene’s AEIC at [88], [93]–[94].

166 I find that Irene has failed to show that Dways’ Products were unsafe for
consumption (which is the sting of Irene’s defamatory statements in the
WhatsApp Messages and 2nd Letter). She therefore fails to make out the defence
in so far as this ground is concerned. Even if there were black spots on some
of the Products or even if the Products were made in a particular country,
neither of these would in itself cause a product to be unsafe.

167 There was no objective evidence to show the Products were unsafe. Irene
agreed there was no evidence that the Products contained mould and no such
thing as a “World Hygiene Standard”. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

26/8/21 NE 67–71; 27/8/21 NE 11.

She sought to rely on a report by Axiom Laboratory Pte Ltd (“Report”) dated 10
June 2021 based on tests conducted on HL Span, 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Vivianne’s AEIC at [41]; 12AB 6483; 26/8/21 NE 80.

which: (a) stated the black spots were likely plant based organic oil
compounds “that had deteriorated and oxidized causing it to turn black”; and
(b) further advised that HL Span should not be consumed until the possible
cause of the spots was rectified in the manufacturing process. I give no
weight to the Report (which was admitted through Vivianne’s AEIC) and its
suggestion of possible safety issues. The maker of the Report was not called
and his evidence not tested in cross-examination. It is unclear whether he was
even qualified to give an opinion on the safety or effects of HL Span. There
was also no explanation on the tests performed on the Product or the basis for
any opinion on its safety for consumption.

168 Even if some of Dways’ distributors or customers expressed concerns about
black spots being present (specifically on HL Span), this did not in itself
prove the Products were unsafe for consumption. Whilst Vivianne sought to
imply that her father’s daily consumption of HL Span caused or contributed to
his death, she agreed that there was no evidence to show this causal link. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

29/9/21 NE 18–22, 25–27.

Whether misrepresentations were made about the manufacturing origin of
Products

169 Next, I find Irene has not shown that Dways represented to its
distributors or customers that the Products were manufactured in the USA,
Australia or New Zealand. Irene sought to rely on the testimony of Dways’
former customers and distributors to show that such representations were made.
However, I find their testimony to be unreliable and partial, and made to
support Irene’s defence in the Suit. Whilst these customers and distributors
claimed that Zul or Nancy had informed them of the specific place of
manufacture, none of them have provided documentary evidence to support this.
This is despite the fact that the Chuas had recorded some of the OPPs which
Zul had spoken at. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

3/9/21 NE 116–117; 28/9/21 NE 167–168; 29/9/21 NE 8, 85, 103–104; 30/9/21 NE
41–42.

170 First, Vivianne claimed that Zul stated at an OPP on 26 October 2019 that
the Products were manufactured in the USA. She then decided to become a
distributor as the USA is a reputable country with high manufacturing
standards for health supplements. She claimed that Zul made the same
representations again at OPPs in November 2019. I disbelieve Vivianne’s claim
that Zul had made such representations. Vivianne claimed that when she first
found out from Justin on 13 February 2020 that the Products were manufactured
in China, she became “extremely upset”, and this further convinced her that
her father’s death was caused by his consumption of HL Span. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Vivianne’s AEIC at [6(a)(iii)], [7(a)], [9]–[11], [13], [25], [26(b)].

Yet, she did not confront and ask Zul why he had misrepresented the place of
manufacturing, despite having sent a message to him on the same day asking why
her father had suddenly passed away when he had been consuming the Products.
This is also despite that she had on 15 December 2019 already queried Justin
about her father’s passing and told Justin that she had lost confidence in the
Products. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

8AB 4225, 4243; Vivianne’s AEIC at [23], [27]–[29]; 29/9/21 NE 70–72.

I thus infer that she did not confront Zul with the purported
misrepresentation because there was none made.

171 Second, one Doria Teo (“Doria”) claimed that Zul told her in September
2019 that the Products were manufactured in the USA. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Doria’s AEIC at [10].

I disbelieve Doria. In around February or March 2021, Doria claimed not to
recall where the Products were manufactured, so much so that when her friend
(“Yang”) purportedly asked her for recommendations for health supplements,
Doria had to check with another distributor, Denny, on this. In her AEIC in
July 2021, however, Doria stated that she was now able to recall that Zul told
her the Products were manufactured in the USA. In cross-examination in
September 2021, she then claimed that she “had a very strong impression on
USA” because of Zul’s presentation. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Doria’s AEIC at [14]–[15], [18]; 29/9/21 NE 133–134.

Her account is unbelievable. One would have thought that her recollection
would have been better in February or March 2021, closer in time to her
purchase of Products in 2019, rather than in July or September 2021.

172 I accept Dways’ submission that Doria tailored her evidence to assist
Irene’s case. Doria had sent the WhatsApp messages to Denny to enquire on the
Products’ country of manufacture on 7 March 2021, some five days before the
Defendants informed Dways that they intended to call her as a witness in the
Suit. Strangely, the only issue which Doria appeared to be interested in (when
conversing with Denny) was the place of manufacture of the Products, despite
claiming that she had messaged Denny because Yang had asked her over the phone
to recommend health supplements and wanted more information about the
Products. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PCS at [258]; 29/9/21 NE 119, 126–127, 129; Doria’s AEIC at [14]; 9AB 4996–
4997.

I disbelieve Doria that Yang had approached her to find out more about Dways’
Products. There was no record of any calls made between them. I find, as Mr
Maniam put to Doria, that she had agreed to be Irene’s witness in the Suit by
the time she communicated with Denny. Doria was Irene’s friend and her
partiality to Irene can be seen from the fact that she attempted to downplay
Irene’s role in Dways by claiming (repeatedly) in court that Irene did not at
that time inform her that Irene was selling Dways’ Products, despite having
said the contrary in her AEIC. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

29/9/21 NE 114–116, 121, 126–127, 141–142; Doria’s AEIC at [5(a)].

173 Third, one Neo Thiam Beng (“Neo”) attested that at Dways’ OPP on 20
November 2019, Zul informed him the Products were made in the USA. He then
became a distributor. On about 29 November 2019, Vivianne informed Neo that
her father had passed away and also told him that her father had consumed 12
capsules of HL Span daily. Neo was shocked to hear of her father’s demise and
he grew sceptical about the purported health benefits of HL Span. Then on 17
February 2020, Vivianne told him that she was going to seek a refund from
Dways for the Products and he also decided to do the same. They finally
obtained their refunds on around 18 February 2020. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Neo’s AEIC at [4]–[11].

174 I likewise find Neo’s testimony (particularly that Zul had told him the
Products were made in the USA) to be unreliable and made to assist Irene in
her case. Neo’s testimony that he grew sceptical about the alleged health
benefits of the Products after the passing of Vivianne’s father was undermined
by the fact that he only sought a refund on the Products some three months
later when Vivianne informed him that she was going to seek a refund. This is
also despite the fact that he had purchased a very substantial amount of
Products, namely, Dways’ “platinum package” (being the most expensive package)
at $3,000. I disbelieve Neo that he did not seek a refund from Dways
immediately upon discovering Vivianne’s father’s death (despite claiming to
have then become sceptical of the Products and to have been informed by
Vivianne that her father’s death was caused by consuming HL Span) because it
was “inconvenient” to do so at that time. I disbelieve that he had to wait for
Vivianne as he could only get his refund by going through her as she was his
upline. Neo did not explain in his AEIC that he had already wanted to seek a
refund but was merely waiting for an opportune time to do so through Vivianne.
200

##### Foot Note 200

×

29/9/21 NE 99–102; Neo’s AEIC at [10]–[11].

Vivianne was Karen’s downline but that did not prevent her from going directly
to Dways or Nancy to seek a refund. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Vivianne’s AEIC at [5], [8], [24], [27], [31].

175 Fourth, one Ong Chong Peng (“Ong”) claimed that Zul first told him at an
OPP on 7 September 2019 that the Products were manufactured in the USA, but
when he met Zul on a few other occasions, Zul said that HL Span was made in
the USA and Purity in Australia. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Ong’s AEIC at [3(b)] and [5]; 30/9/21 NE 8–13.

Despite Ong’s assertion that the source of the Products was important to him,
he did not seek clarification from Zul on his inconsistent representations of
the place of manufacture, and even went on to purchase more Products from
Dways. This casts doubts on Ong’s evidence as to what Zul had actually
informed him. The reliability of Ong’s evidence was further called into
question by the fact that he was unable to provide a satisfactory answer for
why he made no genuine attempt to return the Products and seek a refund,
despite claiming to have concerns about them after black spots appeared on HL
Span capsules and to have a lot of remaining Products. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Ong’s AEIC at [6]–[7]; 30/9/21 NE 13, 16–19.

176 Fifth, one Theresa Ong (“Theresa”) claimed that in September 2019, Nancy
informed her that Dways sold health supplements and tried to convince her to
buy the Products by claiming, among other things, that they were manufactured
in New Zealand. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Theresa’s AEIC at [16(c)].

I do not find Theresa to be a credible witness. Instead, I find that she was
partial to Irene, her friend of two decades.

177 Theresa sought to portray herself as a neutral party in the Suit, claiming
in court that she was a friend of both Nancy and Irene because they previously
worked at AIA together and that she actually dealt with Nancy more than with
Irene at AIA. But this was contradicted by her AEIC where she stated that when
she was at AIA she was not acquainted with Nancy whereas she came to know
Irene personally. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

30/9/21 NE 23–24, 33–35; Theresa’s AEIC at [4], [21].

In court, Theresa also acknowledged that she had raised her other past
dealings with Nancy in her AEIC, despite these being irrelevant to the Suit,
to show Nancy’s poor character. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

30/9/21 NE 38–39.

Further, her account that she was so angry with Nancy at the end of 2019 when
she discovered that black spots had appeared on some of the Products, so much
so that she purportedly deleted all her messages with Nancy and threw away all
the remaining Products, does not appear consistent with her behaviour in
February 2020 when she attended a gathering organised by Dways and even spoke
to Nancy at the gathering. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

30/9/21 NE 43–47; Theresa’s AEIC at [20], [22].

Finally, her claim in a chat group (of which Nancy, Zul, the Defendants and
her were members) that she knew “Lisa Chew” as someone she had met at Dways
and her insistence that “Lisa” was not Irene, despite being informed in court
that Irene had admitted she was “Lisa”, showed up her partiality. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

30/9/21 NE 24–32.

I add that whilst Theresa claimed to have been informed by her friends Fenella
and Delphin that Nancy had told them the Products were made in the USA, this
was hearsay, and in any event, I disbelieve her account. It should be noted
that the Defendants had intended to call Fenella and Delphin as witnesses but
subsequently decided against it. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Theresa’s AEIC at [25]–[26]; 30/9/21 NE 52–56.

As such, I place no weight on Theresa’s assertion that she was told the
Products were manufactured in New Zealand or the USA.

178 Finally, as for Loy Sai Guat (“Loy”), it was clear that she had been
called to support Irene in the Suit. Loy attested to matters relating to Nancy
when she was selling health supplements in previous companies, which were
clearly irrelevant and only raised to cast Nancy in a bad light. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Loy’s AEIC at [3]–[11]; 30/9/21 NE 67, 76.

Loy’s claim that none of the Defendants asked her to testify in the Suit and
that she had instead volunteered to do so was unbelievable. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

30/9/21 NE 77–79.

Loy further claimed that in July 2020, after trying the Products for a few
days (at Nancy’s and Zul’s insistence), she experienced difficulty and pain in
walking which had never occurred before. In court, Loy admitted that she
failed to reveal that she was and is still suffering from lupus and rheumatoid
arthritis which had caused her to experience difficulty and pain in walking.
212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Loy’s AEIC at [12]–[15]; 30/9/21 NE 63–64, 88–91.

I accept Dways’ submission that Loy was trying to create the impression that
the cause of her health problem was due to the Products. It was clear that
Loy’s evidence was unreliable.

179 For completeness, I deal with the point made by Irene where Lee said to
“Lisa” that Dways had told her that HL Span was manufactured in the USA. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Irene’s AEIC at [450]; 9AB 5091.

I give no regard to this as Lee was not called as a witness and the statement
is hearsay.

180 I accept Zul’s evidence, consistent his AEIC and in cross-examination,
that he never informed customers or distributors of the manufacturing origin
of the Products, and that he would reveal that HL Span and Purity were made in
China and B’Glo in Malaysia only if he was asked. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Zul’s AEIC at [111] and [289]–[290]; 13/8/21 NE 31–37.

In the round, I find that Irene has failed to show that Dways (through Zul or
Nancy) had misrepresented to its distributors or customers the country of
manufacture of its Products.

Conduct of business in dishonest or improper manner

181 Next, Irene claims that Nancy and Zul took Products without paying or
accounting for them and that the Chuas were terminated as Dways’ distributors
because they discovered what Nancy and Zul had done. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

D1D2 Defence at [30J(c)]–[30J(d)]; Irene’s AEIC at [75]–[80], [456(a)].

Again, I find that Irene has not shown this to be true.

182 Whilst Karen attested that Steven and her were unable to access the portal
for Dways’ distributors (“Portal”) on about 10 February 2020 as Nancy had
blocked their access rights, 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Karen’s AEIC at [64]–[65].

this did not show that they had been terminated as distributors. I accept
Nancy’s explanation that at that time (when the Lims had just exited Dways),
she was concerned about missing Products and that the Chuas (who were close to
the Lims) might have played a part in this. This led to her decision to
temporarily block their access to the Portal, which contained personal data of
Dways’ customers, but she did not terminate the Chuas’ accounts with Dways.
217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [81], [325]–[329].

Karen attested that when she could not access the Portal, she did not pursue
the matter further and just stopped contacting Nancy. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Karen’s AEIC at [67].

Hence this was not a case in which the Chuas were terminated as Dways’
distributors; rather, they chose to stop being involved in Dways. Indeed,
Nancy’s concerns turned out to be justified when the CCTV Footages showed the
Chuas assisting the Lims to remove Products on 30 January 2020. There was in
any event no evidence to show that the Chuas’ distributorship was terminated
because they discovered Nancy and Zul’s purported misappropriation of Products
or sale proceeds.

183 I mention briefly that there is insufficient evidence to show on balance
that Nancy or Zul had taken Products without paying for them or pocketed the
proceeds of sales of Products. The WhatsApp messages between Irene and Karen
on 30 January 2020 which the Lims relied on to show that Nancy had taken
Products without paying for them, 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

8AB 4266–4270; DCS at [363].

did not prove that Nancy had misappropriated Products or the proceeds of sale
thereof. The messages were between only Irene and Karen, of which Nancy was
unaware at the material time, and it was Irene who claimed in these messages
that Nancy had taken Products without paying. In court, Karen admitted that
she simply accepted what Irene had said without verifying it independently,
and that what she asserted in her AEIC regarding Nancy and Zul taking Products
without accounting for them was not supported by evidence. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

3/9/21 NE 97–101, 107–108.

Pertinently, the 30 January 2020 messages were made when the Lims had already
removed Products on 23 and 30 January 2020.

Fair comment

184 I turn to Irene’s defence of fair comment, in which she must establish the
following (Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another
appeal [2010] 1 SLR 52 (“Review Publishing”) at [139]):

(a) the words complained of are comments, though they may consist of or
include inferences of fact;

(b) the comment is on a matter of public interest;

(c) the comment is based on facts; and

(d) the comment is one which a fair-minded person can honestly make on the
facts proved.

185 Irene claims that the words in the WhatsApp Messages, 1st Letter and 2nd
Letter were fair comment on a matter of public interest in relation to the
health and safety of those who consumed or intended to consume the Products
and that they were made to allow these individuals to make an informed
decision on whether to purchase or be a distributor of the Products. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

D1D2 Defence at [30E], [30J], [30O].

I find the defence of fair comment is not made out.

186 First, an ordinary reasonable person reading the tone and language of the
WhatsApp Messages, 1st Letter and 2nd Letter would have understood that the
writer was making factual statements and not merely comments (Review
Publishing at [144]). For instance, in the WhatsApp Messages, Irene
categorically claimed that she “[had] been cheated”, that Dways “[had] cheated
many people”, and that the Products were made in a country that did not meet
the “World Hygiene Standard”. These were not words of opinion but assertions
of fact that the Products were unsafe for consumption because they did not
meet a specified standard and that Dways had in fact cheated many people.
Likewise, the mention in the 1st Letter that distributors were terminated
because they discovered Nancy and Zul had misappropriated the proceeds of sale
of Products was not a comment but a definitive statement of fact. Irene’s
claim in the 2nd Letter that Dways had informed distributors that the Products
were manufactured in the USA, Australia or New Zealand, but that they
subsequently discovered this to be untrue, was again putting across a factual
statement.

187 Second, Irene failed to show that many of the statements, assuming they
were comments, were based on true facts. For instance, she claimed that she
was “Lisa” (which was false) and joined Dways to buy its Products but was
cheated. If Irene claimed to have been cheated because she (as “Lisa”) was
informed the Products were made in the USA, New Zealand or Australia, then
Irene would have known this was not true. She had, even in March 2019, been
aware that HL Span and Purity were manufactured in China. She also admitted in
court that even when she was still a director of Dways, she was perfectly
happy for it to sell products manufactured in China. Irene also knew that
B’Glo was manufactured in Malaysia at the material time. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

26/8/21 NE 61–65, 75; Irene’s AEIC at [58]–[59].

Her claim that the Products were made from a country that did not meet the
World Hygiene Standard was also not based on true facts as there was no such
standard.

188 Also, the defence of fair comment is defeated by malice. In this regard, I
find that Irene did not genuinely believe in what she said. She knew the
manufacturing origins of the Products and knew there was no “World Hygiene
Standard”. Whilst she explained in court that what she had wanted to say in
the WhatsApp Messages was “fair standard”, she admitted that she did intend to
type the words “World Hygiene Standard”. At trial, Irene attempted to distance
herself from her statements that the country of manufacture was a cause for
concern, claiming instead that she was actually concerned about the
manufacturing plant. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

26/8/21 NE 64–73.

This showed that Irene did not genuinely believe that the country of
manufacture was a cause for concern. In any event, I disbelieve that she had
concerns about the manufacturer. The WhatsApp Messages referred in many
instances to the manufacturing “country”. Contemporaneous messages showed the
Lims were involved in Dways’ operations from the outset, and I reiterate that
Irene knew very early on of the origins of the Products and was nevertheless
perfectly happy for Dways to sell them. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

10/8/21 NE 98.

189 Next, I also find that Irene did not genuinely believe the Products
(particularly HL Span) were unsafe for consumption just because they had black
spots. Irene agreed there was no evidence that the Products contained mould.
225

##### Foot Note 225

×

27/8/21 NE 11.

As late as in December 2019, Irene was explaining to distributors the reason
for black spots on the Products and even requested they disseminate the
information to their downlines. She had accepted the manufacturer’s
explanation that the capsules turned black because of exposure to moisture,
and she did not have any concerns then and in fact continued to promote the
Products. Additionally, the Lims had in January 2020 brought home a few
months’ worth of Products (pursuant to the purported Family Entitlement),
which showed that Irene was not genuinely concerned about the safety of the
Products for consumption. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

D1D2 Reply at [18B(e)]–[18B(f)]; 5AB 2576–2577; 26/8/21 NE 85–92; Justin’s
AEIC at [17(c)].

190 Pertinently, the Lims’ removal of Products in January 2020 took place
after Vivianne had informed Justin on 15 December 2019 about her father’s
passing and told Justin she had lost confidence in HL Span. Irene also agreed
that she continued to promote the Products to various persons on 19 December
2019 even after knowing of Vivianne’s father’s passing. This undermined
Irene’s case that she became increasingly concerned about the safety of the
Products for consumption after knowing of Vivianne’s father’s passing.
Although Irene claimed that her concerns were confirmed when the Lims met with
Vivianne on 13 February 2020, she agreed there was no proof that Vivianne’s
father’s death was caused or contributed to by the Products. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

26/8/21 NE 87–88, 92–93; 29/9/21 NE 51; 5AB 2582–2584; 8AB 4225–4226; D1D2
Defence at [30E(d)].

Conclusion on the defamation claim

191 In the round, I find that Dways has made out its case in defamation on the
WhatsApp Messages, 1st Letter and 2nd Letter. The statements therein sought to
undermine the Products and business reputation of Dways and I accept that by
seeking to undermine the reputation of Nancy and Zul (who are the founders of
and key persons in the company) and the safety of the Products, Irene was
damaging the trust and confidence distributors and customers had in Dways and
its Products. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Nancy’s AEIC at [493].

192 In closing submissions, Mr Lim raised for the first time that even if
defamation is made out, the publications were made only to three persons.
There was thus no real or substantial tort committed; further any damage to
Dways would be minimal, as would any vindication to it should it succeed on
the action. Hence, even if Dways succeeds, the cost of Dways pursuing the
claim would have been out of proportion to what has been achieved and an abuse
of process (citing Qingdao Bohai Construction Group Co, Ltd and others v Goh
Teck Beng and another [2016] 4 SLR 977 at [145] and Jameel (Yousef) v Dow
Jones & Co Inc [2005] QB 946 (“Jameel”) at [69]–[70]). 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

DCS at [331]–[335].

193 It should be noted that Irene has raised this issue belatedly (unlike in
Jameel where the defendant applied for summary dismissal of the plaintiff’s
claim) when this should generally be raised at an early stage to support a
case that it would be disproportionate to permit the matter to proceed any
further. Moreover, it is unclear at this stage whether the damage to Dways is
minimal or wholly disproportionate to the cost of pursuing proceedings as the
trial is bifurcated and the extent of publication is a matter for
determination at the stage of assessment of damages. This is also given the
seriousness of the allegations made (ie, the Products were unsafe for
consumption and Dways’ business was conducted in a dishonest manner) and the
fact that publication to a limited number of people may still be very
damaging. (See Yan Jun v Attorney-General [2015] 1 SLR 752 at [118] and [119],
citing Gatley on Libel and Slander (Alastair Mullis & Richard Parkes QC joint
eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2013) and Carter-Ruck on Libel and Privacy
(Alastair Mullis & Cameron Doley gen eds) (Lexis Nexis, 6th Ed, 2010).) As
such, I do not accept Mr Lim’s submission that Dways’ claim for defamation
should be dismissed at this stage based on the extent of publication of the
defamatory statements.

Conclusion

194 In so far as I have found any of the Defendants liable to Dways on claims
in which damages need not be assessed, I summarise as follows:

(a) Irene is liable to pay the sum of those Disputed Payments which I found
were made without any legitimate basis and/or in breach of her directors’
duties and, of those Disputed Payments, Justin is jointly and severally liable
with Irene in relation to the sum of $21,000;

(b) Karen and Steven are jointly and severally liable to repay the Loan of
$30,000; and

(c) Irene and Justin are jointly and severally liable for US$1,527.20 on the
TLC Investment.

195 In addition, damages are to be assessed for Dways’ claim against the Lims
for misappropriation of Products and against Irene for defamation.

196 I will reserve the issue of costs.

Audrey Lim  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Adam Muneer Yusoff Maniam, Charmaine Yap Yun Ning and Liu Siew Rong (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;

Lim Wei Ming Keith and Derek Tan Chang Shen (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Jul 2022 (15:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

