Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 311

Suit No 1000 of 2021

Between

(1)| CXN (a minor suing by her father and litigation representative)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| CXO  
---|---  
(2)| Chui Jin Hua Vincent  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Tort — Negligence — Duty of care]

[Tort — Negligence — Breach of duty]

[Tort — Negligence — Apportionment of liability]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CXN (a minor suing by her father and litigation representative)

  
v

  
CXO and another

[2022] SGHC 311

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1000 of 2021  
Teh Hwee Hwee JC

19–23 September, 18 November 2022

13 December 2022 Judgment reserved.

Teh Hwee Hwee JC:

Introduction

1 This matter concerns a collision between the panel van (the “first
defendant’s van” or the “van”) driven by the first defendant, and the motor
car (the “second defendant’s car” or the “car”) driven by the second
defendant, which occurred on 23 October 2020 at about 8.10pm along Woodlands
Avenue 12 towards Seletar Expressway (“SLE”). The plaintiff, who was then 8
years of age, was on board the van in the rear cargo compartment, which had
neither seats nor seat belts. Upon collision, the plaintiff and another
passenger travelling in the rear cargo compartment of the van were ejected
from the van. The plaintiff sustained multiple and severe injuries and seeks
damages against both defendants for negligence. Neither of the defendants
allege contributory negligence on the part of the plaintiff. Each defendant
alleges negligence on the part of the other, and consequently, a liability by
the other to contribute to the plaintiff’s damage in the event that the
defendant concerned is found to be liable to the plaintiff. The trial before
me was on the issue of liability only, and the key issue for determination is
the apportionment of liability between the defendants.

Background

2 The first defendant is the plaintiff’s uncle. On the night of the accident,
the first defendant was driving the plaintiff and other passengers from a
temple event near Woodlands back to the plaintiff’s home. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AEIC of the plaintiff’s father, [L], dated 12 May 2022 (“[L]’s AEIC”) at para
5 (Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEICs (“PAEIC”) at p 29).

The van had capacity for two passengers in the front (next to the driver) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

[L]’s AEIC at p 29 (PAEIC at p 56); 20 Sept Notes of Evidence (“NE”) at p 7,
lines 7–8.

and a rear cargo compartment. The seating arrangement on board the van was as
follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

[L]’s AEIC at para 6 (PAEIC at pp 29–30); AEIC of the First Defendant dated 28
July 2022 (the “First Defendant’s AEIC”) at para 5 (First Defendant’s Bundle
of AEICs (“1DAEIC”) at pp 4–5).

(a) the first defendant in the driver seat;

(b) the plaintiff’s sister in the front middle passenger seat;

(c) the first defendant’s daughter, [J], in the front left passenger seat; and

(d) the plaintiff and the first defendant’s son, [K], in the rear cargo
compartment.

3 The collision was captured in video footage 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABD”) at p 191.

(the “video footage”) by a non-party vehicle that was travelling behind the
second defendant’s car, which was travelling straight along Woodlands Avenue
12 towards SLE. Traffic that evening was described variously as moderate or
light. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of [K] dated 21 April 2022 at p 5 (PAEIC at p 8); AEIC of [J] dated 21
April 2022 (“[J]’s AEIC”) at p 7 (PAEIC at p 18); Supplementary AEIC of [L]
dated 5 August 2022 (“[L]’s Supplementary AEIC”) at p 14 (PAEIC at p 316); the
First Defendant’s AEIC at para 8, pp 18, 50 and 72 (1DAEIC at pp 5, 20, 52 and
74); 21 Sept NE at p 10, line 31 to p 11, line 1; AEIC of the Second Defendant
dated 9 June 2022 (the “Second Defendant’s AEIC”) at para 4 (Second
Defendant’s Bundle of AEICs (“2DAEIC”) at p 2); 23 Sept NE at p 22, lines 3–8.

The first defendant’s van was originally travelling in the opposite direction
to the second defendant’s car. Just before the collision, the first
defendant’s van was executing an authorised U-turn along Woodlands Avenue 12,
to travel towards the SLE. Before the U-turn could be completed, the second
defendant’s car, which could be seen in the video footage to be racing down
the road, collided with the first defendant’s van with a tremendous force. The
van was thrown into a spin, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

22 Sept NE at p 83, lines 26–28 and p 84, lines 17–25.

eventually causing the van to mount the nearby kerb and land with the front
half of the van on the grass patch next to the kerb. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The First Defendant’s AEIC at para 11 and pp 26–30 (1DAEIC at pp 6 and 28–32).

The passengers in the rear cargo compartment, namely the plaintiff and [K],
who were seated on the floor of the rear cargo compartment and not secured by
seat belts, were flung out of the van, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

[L]’s AEIC at para 9 (PAEIC at p 30); The First Defendant’s AEIC at para 17
(1DAEIC at p 8).

onto the grass patch next to the kerb and onto the road respectively. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

The First Defendant’s AEIC at para 12 (1DAEIC at p 6); [J]’s AEIC at para 11
(PAEIC at p 14).

The impact of the collision was also evident from the post-accident
photographs of the second defendant’s car. It was badly damaged; the front of
the car was wrecked and crushed to such a degree that what was left of the
hood was mangled metal. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

The Second Defendant’s AEIC at p 15 (2DAEIC at p 15).

4 The first defendant pleaded guilty to one charge of driving without
reasonable consideration for other persons using the road by failing to keep a
proper look-out while performing an authorised U-turn, resulting in a
collision and causing hurt, which was an offence under s 65(1)(b) of the Road
Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (the “RTA”) punishable under s 65(4)(a) of
the RTA. Another similar charge was taken into consideration for the purposes
of sentencing. The first defendant was fined $2,500 and disqualified from
holding or obtaining all classes of driving licences for a period of 12 months
with effect from 1 August 2022. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

[L]’s Supplementary AEIC at paras 4–6 and pp 7–16 (PAEIC at pp 304 and
309–318).

5 The second defendant pleaded guilty to one charge of speeding for travelling
at a speed of 124km/h, such speed being in excess of the imposed speed limit
of 70km/h, which was an offence under s 63(4) of the RTA. His offence was
punishable under s 131(2)(a) of the RTA, given that it was his first such
offence. He was fined $800. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

[L]’s AEIC at para 13 and pp 34–37 (PAEIC at pp 31 and 61–64).

6 The plaintiff pleaded the following particulars in respect of her claim
against the first defendant for his negligence in causing the collision: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (“Plaintiff’s SOC”) at paras 8(a)–(j).

(a) failing to give way to oncoming straight-going traffic, especially the
second defendant’s car, before executing the U-turn;

(b) failing to keep any look-out or any proper look-out for oncoming straight-
going traffic on the said road (along which the second defendant’s car was
travelling);

(c) failing to wait for the oncoming straight-going traffic to clear before
executing the U-turn;

(d) failing to observe the second defendant’s car in time or at all so as to
avoid the collision;

(e) obstructing the path of travel of the second defendant’s car;

(f) failing to give way to the second defendant’s car which was going straight
and which therefore had the right of way;

(g) failing to exercise due care and attention for other road users when
executing the U-turn;

(h) failing to stop, slow down or swerve or otherwise so as to manage and/or
control the first defendant’s van in order to avoid the collision;

(i) failing to ensure that the plaintiff was wearing a seat belt or approved
child restraint; and

(j) allowing the plaintiff to be seated in the rear of the first defendant’s
van when it was inappropriate and/or unsafe to do so.

7 In respect of the second defendant’s negligence in causing the collision,
the plaintiff pleaded the following particulars: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s SOC at paras 8(k)–(p).

(a) travelling at an excessive speed in the circumstances;

(b) failing to apply his brakes in time or at all so as to avoid the
collision;

(c) failing to observe the first defendant’s van in time or at all so as to
avoid the collision;

(d) failing to keep any look-out or any proper look-out for vehicles in front,
in particular, vehicles that were executing a U-turn;

(e) failing to exercise due care and attention for other road users when
driving along the road, in particular, the first defendant’s van;

(f) failing to stop, slow down or swerve or otherwise so as to manage and/or
control the second defendant’s car in order to avoid the collision.

8 As a result of the injuries sustained, the plaintiff was on medical leave
for 277 days 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

[L]’s AEIC at para 17 (PAEIC at p 34).

and suffered the following disabilities: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s SOC at para 10.

(a) right third cranial nerve palsy;

(b) dysarthria with reduced breath support and articulation;

(c) higher executive function/cognitive deficits and reduced higher order
language skills;

(d) long term weakness and spasticity on the right upper and lower limbs;

(e) inability to use right hand functionally;

(f) bilateral equinovarus deformities over left and right ankles; and

(g) 31% permanent disability under the Workmen Compensation Guidelines (for
eye injuries only).

The parties’ arguments

9 The plaintiff submitted that the first defendant was negligent in allowing
the plaintiff to travel in the rear cargo compartment, which was designed for
cargo and not passengers, and allowing her to travel without seat belts or
even a seat. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 28 October 2022 (“PCS”) at paras 33 and
36.

The plaintiff further submitted that the first defendant failed to keep a
proper look-out for oncoming traffic and, in connection with this, that the
first defendant’s view of the second defendant’s car was not obstructed,
unlike what the first defendant claimed. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS at paras 12 and 29–30.

As for the second defendant, the plaintiff submitted that he had driven far in
excess of the speed limit of 70km/h, which contributed to the collision. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS at para 45.

10 The first defendant argued that the second defendant’s excessive speed
played a major part in causing the collision. His submission was that the
expert evidence showed that the second defendant’s car was travelling at a
speed greater than 140km/h in the six seconds prior to emergency braking, or
at least greater than 99km/h, and that the first defendant would have
completed the U-turn safely if the second defendant had not been speeding. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 October 2022 (“1DCS”) at paras
84–85.

Further, the collision could have been avoided if the second defendant had
travelled at the speed limit of 70km/h or even up to 99km/h. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1DCS at para 93(d).

In addition, the first defendant emphasised his expert’s evidence that the
severity of the collision, the force of the impact and the points of the
impact upon collision were attributable to the second defendant’s speed. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1DCS at para 89.

The first defendant also submitted that the second defendant’s speed hindered
the second defendant’s ability to take evasive actions to avoid the collision.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1DCS at para 93(g).

In the circumstances, the first defendant sought a 55% to 45% apportionment
against himself and the second defendant respectively. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1DCS at para 126.

11 The second defendant submitted that the first defendant was substantially
(if not fully) liable for the collision and causing the plaintiff’s injuries
because the first defendant failed to give way to the second defendant’s car,
which had the right of way, and failed to keep a proper look-out for the
second defendant’s car before executing the U-turn. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Second Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 October 2022 (“2DCS”) at paras
7(a)–(b).

In addition, the first defendant negligently exposed the plaintiff to a higher
risk of injury by allowing her to travel as an unbelted passenger in the rear
cargo compartment of the van. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

2DCS at para 7(c).

He thus submitted that the first defendant should be fully liable for the
collision. In the alternative, the second defendant submitted that his
liability should not exceed 10 to 20%. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2DCS at para 49.

Issues to be determined

12 Given that the plaintiff’s claim is in negligence, the following must be
established (Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 18 (LexisNexis, 2020)
(“Halsbury’s”) at para 240.222):

(a) the existence of a duty of care;

(b) breach of the duty of care;

(c) a causal connection between the breach and the plaintiff’s damage; and

(d) the plaintiff’s damage was not so unforeseeable as to be too remote.

13 Neither the first defendant nor the second defendant disputed that they
owed the plaintiff a duty of care. Similarly, neither disputed the causal
connection between the collision and the plaintiff’s injuries, nor did they
allege that the plaintiff’s injuries were too remote or that the plaintiff was
contributorily negligent. The only issues to be determined are as follows:

(a) whether either or both of the defendants breached the duty of care owed to
the plaintiff; and

(b) if both defendants breached that duty of care, the apportionment of
liability between the two.

Decision on liability

The first defendant’s liability

Failure to keep a proper look-out and failure to give way to oncoming traffic
and exercise due care

14 The law imposes an obligation on the first defendant, who was executing a
U-turn, to keep a proper look-out and to give way to oncoming traffic, and to
exercise prudent judgment in executing the turn. This is clear from rule
13(2)(b)–(c) of the Road Traffic Rules (Cap 276, R 20, 1999 Rev Ed), which
states:

(2) A driver or rider of any vehicle making a U-turn under paragraph (1) shall
—

…

(b) give way to any on-coming vehicle; and

(c) wait for a safe opportunity to complete the turn.

15 As the driver of the right-turning vehicle, the first defendant had a duty
to give way to oncoming traffic and to make sure that the road was clear
before making the turn (Chai Yew Cian v Yeoh Yeow Yee and others [2015] SGHC
124 (“Chai Yew Cian”) at [20]). It has been observed that in accidents with
this fact pattern, namely, where there is a collision between a turning
vehicle and an oncoming straight-moving vehicle, the turning vehicle is prima
facie more likely to be the primary cause of the accident (Chai Yew Cian at
[20]).

16 Although the first defendant had pleaded guilty to one charge of driving
without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road (by failing
to keep a proper look-out while performing an authorised U-turn, resulting in
a collision and causing hurt), with a similar charge taken into consideration
for the purposes of sentencing, the first defendant maintained during the
trial that he had kept a proper look-out for oncoming traffic before
performing the U-turn. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

The First Defendant’s AEIC at paras 9–10 (1DAEIC at pp 5–6).

During his cross-examination, he testified that he had stopped for “about 2
second[s]” to check for oncoming traffic before executing the U-turn. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

21 Sept NE at p 10, lines 24–26.

According to him, he had given way to a bus that was travelling along
Woodlands Avenue 12 in the opposite direction (ie, the direction that the
second defendant’s car was travelling in) and had proceeded to make the U-turn
when there were no other oncoming vehicles. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

21 Sept NE at p 43, lines 8–13.

He claimed that he did not see the second defendant’s car, despite having
checked. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

21 Sept NE at p 44, lines 1–10.

When asked why he did not see the second defendant’s car even though he
claimed to have checked for oncoming traffic, the first defendant offered two
explanations. The first was that the second defendant’s car was on the curved
portion of the road along Woodlands Avenue 12 and was not visible to him. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

21 Sept NE at p 25, lines 19–22.

The second was that he could not see the second defendant’s car because of the
position of his van when he was making the U-turn. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

21 Sept NE at p 43, lines 23–31.

17 [J], who was seated in the front left passenger seat, testified that she
personally witnessed her father, the first defendant, stopping to look for
oncoming vehicles before making the U-turn. Her evidence was that the first
defendant had allowed the bus to pass, and that both she and the first
defendant had confirmed thereafter that there were no other oncoming vehicles
before the first defendant made the U-turn. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

20 Sept NE at p 30, lines 12–13.

According to her, even when the first defendant started to make the U-turn,
she looked to the left and did not see any car coming towards them. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

20 Sept NE at p 37, lines 7–12.

Counsel for the second defendant pointed out that [J] had not previously
stated that she had personally checked for oncoming traffic, whether in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) or her police report. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

20 Sept NE at p 42, lines 20–29.

[J] accepted this but denied that it was an afterthought. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

20 Sept NE at p 42, line 30 to p 43, line 3.

18 Counsel for the second defendant challenged [J]’s version of events by
pointing out that the time interval, from the point when the bus passed the
U-turn intersection and the point when the second defendant’s car reached the
U-turn intersection, was very short. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

20 Sept NE at p 31, lines 1–17.

He put to [J] that she and the first defendant would have been able to see the
second defendant’s car, but were focused on the leftmost lane, which the bus
was on, and the first defendant thereby failed to keep a proper look-out for
oncoming traffic from the rightmost lane, which the second defendant’s car was
on. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

20 Sept NE at p 38, lines 12–22.

[J] was adamant that she and her father had kept a proper look-out, but were
unable to see the second defendant’s car. She stated that they were unable to
see the second defendant’s car due to the curve in the road along Woodlands
Avenue 12. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

20 Sept NE at p 34, line 5.

She also stated that they were unable to see the second defendant’s car
because it was “far away”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

20 Sept NE at p 32, line 18; p 34, lines 1–3.

19 The charge to which the first defendant pleaded guilty stated that the
first defendant “[on] the 23 October 2020, at or about 8.08 P.M., along
Woodlands Ave 12 towards SLE, lamp post 17/1, Singapore, did drive a motor van
… on a road, without reasonable consideration for other persons using the
road, to wit, by failing to have a proper lookout while performing an
authorized U-turn, resulting in a collision with a motorcar … which was
travelling on the opposite direction from [the first defendant’s] left to
right and hurt was caused to [the first defendant’s] passengers …, by such
driving, [the first defendant had] thereby committed an offence under Section
65(1)(b) of the Road Traffic Act, Chapter 276 an offence punishable under
Section 65(4)(a) of the same Act”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PAEIC at p 309.

[emphasis in original removed and emphasis added]

20 Paragraph 10 of the statement of facts for the first defendant’s charge
stated that “[on] the 23 October 2020, at or about 8.08 P.M., the [first
defendant] was driving a motor van … along Woodlands Ave 12 towards Seletar
Expressway (SLE), lamp post 17/1, Singapore, on a road, without reasonable
consideration for other persons using the road, by failing to have a proper
lookout while performing an authorized U-turn, resulting in a collision with a
motorcar … which was travelling on the opposite direction from the [first
defendant’s] left to right and hurt was caused the fourth and fifth victims,
by such driving”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PAEIC at p 314.

[emphasis added]

21 Pursuant to ss 45A(1) and (5) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“EA”), the first defendant’s conviction upon a plea of guilty, the charge he
was convicted of, and the statement of facts, are admissible in evidence,
given that they are relevant. Although such matters are not conclusive in and
of themselves, they constitute “extremely significant pieces of evidence” that
“weighed very heavily” against the first defendant in the context of these
proceedings (Ong Bee Nah v Won Siew Wan (Yong Tian Choy, third party) [2005] 2
SLR(R) 455 (“Ong Bee Nah”) at [42]). By virtue of the first defendant’s
conviction, he is to be taken to have committed the acts and to have possessed
the state of mind which at law constitute the offence that he had been charged
with and pleaded guilty to. The onus was on the first defendant to prove the
contrary (see s 45A(3) of the EA and Ong Bee Nah at [58]). The first
defendant’s claim at the trial that he had kept a proper look-out for oncoming
traffic before performing the U-turn is directly contradicted by his
conviction, the charge he was convicted of and the statement of facts for the
charge. The position that he took at trial was undermined, in particular, by
the fact that he had pleaded guilty to, inter alia, failing to keep a proper
look-out.

22 The first defendant’s own expert, Dr Shane Richardson (“Dr Richardson”), a
principal forensic engineer and the managing director and owner of Delta V
Experts 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ABD at p 137.

who has expertise in vehicle crash reconstruction, testified that at the time
when the first defendant started to execute the U-turn at the intersection,
the first defendant could have or ought to have seen the oncoming approach of
the second defendant’s car as it was in the first defendant’s line of sight:
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

22 Sept NE at p 50, lines 6–29 and p 51, lines 26–29.

Q: … [the first defendant] told this Court many, many times that he did check
but he did not see [the second defendant’s car] … would it be fair for me to
suggest to you that … [the first defendant] had failed to keep a proper
lookout?

A: I think it’s evident that it’s within the line of sight.

Q: So---

A: And the video illustrates that that is the case. But it’s within the line
of sight.

…

Q: … [the first defendant] insisted that he did check and he did not see any
vehicle coming on the extreme right lane …

…

A: I disagree if that is the premise.

Q: That’s his premise. He told the Court that.

A: I disagree with that and I think the evidence illustrates that that’s not
the case, that the vehicle was there and it was within a line of sight.

…

A: … I think it is evident from the video and from the analysis that there is
a line of sight between the driver if [sic] the Nissan and the Audi that’s
approaching him …

[emphasis added]

23 The claim that the second defendant’s car was on the curved portion of the
road along Woodlands Avenue 12 and was not visible to the first defendant was
also not consistent with the first defendant’s own evidence. When shown,
during cross-examination, the screenshot that showed the position of the van
just before he made the U-turn, the first defendant admitted that the second
defendant’s car was already on the straight portion of the road: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

21 Sept NE at p 27, lines 9–11 and lines 15–18.

Q: … Do you agree that this screenshot represents the instant just before you
made the U-turn?

A: Yes, I was about to make the U-turn.

…

Q: … My question was: Do you agree with me that the screenshot on page 126
shows that … the road here was already straight; it was not curved?

A: Yes, the road was straight. That is why the Audi was speeding.

[emphasis added]

24 It is evident that the first defendant contradicted his own position while
he was on the stand, and his own expert did not support his claim that he
could not see the second defendant’s car. I have also earlier explained the
weighty nature of the evidence flowing from the first defendant’s conviction
upon a plea of guilty to the charge he faced, the charge itself and the
statement of facts for the charge (see [21] above). I do not find the bare
assertions of the first defendant and [J] that were made for the first time at
trial reliable or credible, let alone sufficient to prove that the first
defendant had not committed the offence he had been charged with and pleaded
guilty to. I therefore do not accept the first defendant’s evidence that he
had kept a proper look-out and that he could not see the second defendant’s
car because it was on the curved portion of the road along Woodlands Avenue 12
towards the SLE or because of the position of the first defendant’s van.
Despite their obvious relevance, those assertions had not been raised in the
first defendant’s affidavit and had only emerged for the first time at trial.
For the same reasons, I give little weight to [J]’s evidence that she, as a
passenger, personally checked for oncoming traffic and that she and the first
defendant could not see the second defendant’s car because it was on the
curved portion of the road or because it was too far away. From the way that
[J] testified, it appeared that what she claimed had happened was not
something that she would have attached little significance to or that she had
to try to recall. If, on the stand, [J] could recall clearly and was certain
that she and the first defendant had kept a look-out but did not see the
second defendant’s car for the reasons that she had given, it begs the
question of why she had only raised this for the first time at trial. I find
her explanation that she brought it up for the first time at trial because she
was responding to the questions posed to her at cross-examination 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

20 Sept NE at p 43, lines 23–24.

to be suspect. The lack of a proper explanation for why she did not mention
something that she was so insistent about at trial, even in her AEIC, was
unsatisfactory. Taking the totality of the evidence into account, I find the
first defendant negligent for failing to keep a proper look-out for oncoming
vehicles and for failing to give way to the second defendant’s car, which was
going straight and had the right of way. In this regard, I note that counsel
for the first defendant submitted in closing that the first defendant “accepts
that he was to some extent, negligent” in view of Dr Richardson’s opinion that
the first defendant ought to have seen the approach of the second defendant’s
car as it was in his line of sight. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

1DCS at para 123.

The first defendant’s negligent driving, as described above, contributed to
causing the collision, which led to the plaintiff’s injuries.

Failure to ensure that the plaintiff was fastened into a seat with a seat belt

25 The first defendant had permitted the plaintiff to travel in the rear cargo
compartment of his panel van without a seat and unsecured by a seat belt. I
find him negligent, and in breach of the duty of care owed to the plaintiff as
his passenger, for in doing so, he exposed the plaintiff to a higher risk of
injury, and contributed to the extent and severity of the injuries suffered by
the plaintiff. I will deal with this later in my judgment, together with how
the second defendant was also responsible in this respect (see [47]–[53]
below).

The second defendant’s liability

Failure to keep within the speed limit and failure to keep a proper look-out
and exercise due care

(1) Legal principles

26 It is undisputed that the second defendant’s straight-moving vehicle had
the right of way. This means that other road users, such as those in the first
defendant’s position, should yield or give way. However, a right of way is not
unfettered. The Court of Appeal held in Asnah bte Ab Rahman v Li Jianlin
[2016] 2 SLR 944 (“Asnah”) at [64] that “a pedestrian, whilst enjoying a
statutory right of way over motorists, cannot disregard attendant traffic
perils arising from human lapses”. While Asnah concerned a different fact
situation, namely, an accident between a pedestrian and a taxi, the principles
as to the fetters on one’s right of way set out there apply to the present
case with the same, if not greater, force. This is so considering the
potential danger that may be caused by a motorist.

27 Having the right of way does not absolve a road user of the need to
exercise due care (Ting Jun Heng v Yap Kok Hua and another [2021] SGHC 44
(“Ting Jun Heng”) at [36]). The law requires a motorist to act on the basis
that there could be negligence and incompetence on the part of other road
users, and to make allowance for them (but without having to contemplate
possibilities that are remote). The degree and nature of the care required
will vary according to the circumstances. Hence, road users with traffic
lights in their favour must still keep a proper look-out and maintain a speed
that enables them to take appropriate actions as and when necessary (SBS
Transit Ltd v Stafford Rosemary Anne Jane (administratrix of the estate of
Anthony John Stafford, deceased) [2007] 2 SLR(R) 211 (“Stafford”) at [33] and
[37]; Chai Yew Cian at [21]). They must be mindful that other road users may
not observe the rules and must ensure that they are able to react to avoid a
collision by driving in such a fashion that they would be able to avoid or
mitigate a dangerous situation that might be created by other road users (Chai
Yew Cian at [22]).

28 Motorists have a related duty to take reasonable care to avoid harm to
other road users, and driving at an excessive speed in the circumstances may
constitute negligence (Halsbury’s at paras 240.255 and 240.257). It is
incumbent on motorists to drive at a speed that would enable them to react
appropriately (Stafford at [37]). A finding of speeding is a strong indication
of driving in a dangerous or negligent manner (Cheong Ghim Fah and another v
Murugian s/o Rangasamy [2004] 1 SLR(R) 628 (“Cheong Ghim Fah”) at [53]).

29 Further, the duty to travel at a reasonable speed is necessarily linked to
the duty to keep a proper look-out. This is encapsulated in the observations
of Rowlatt J in Page v Richards and Draper (unreported), cited with approval
in Cheong Ghim Fah at [51]:

It seems to me that when a man drives a motor car along the road, he is bound
to anticipate that there may be people or animals or things in the way at any
moment, and he is bound to go not faster than will permit of his stopping or
deflecting his course at any time to avoid anything he sees after he has seen
it … where a man is struck without the driver seeing him … either [the driver]
was not keeping a sufficient look-out, or if he was keeping the best look-out
possible then he was going too fast for the look-out that could be kept.
[emphasis added]

30 In the same vein, the Court of Appeal noted in Ng Li Ning v Ting Jun Heng
and another [2021] 2 SLR 1267 (“Ng Li Ning”) at [29] that the high speed of 74
to 87km/h reached by the straight-moving vehicle in the collision there was
“not a speed at which the driver could take reactive action if some other
turning vehicle also started to cross [its] path”.

31 A finding on the speed at which the second defendant was travelling at the
material time is therefore important for the fair and proper determination of
the question of liability and how it should be apportioned in this case. I
therefore turn now to consider the evidence and make a finding on the speed at
which the second defendant was travelling at the material time, and to
consider the issue of liability and its apportionment on the basis of that
finding.

(2) The second defendant’s position on the speed at which he was travelling

32 The second defendant had maintained consistently throughout the trial that
he was travelling between 70 to 79km/h. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

22 Sept NE at p 81, lines 14–15.

In fact, he initially testified that the last time he checked his speedometer
before the collision, he saw that “it was still 70, 70 plus”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

22 Sept NE at p 72, line 5.

When pressed, he tried to explain that he was unsure of his actual speed, but
was certain that the first number on his speedometer was “7” at the point when
he last checked his speedometer. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

22 Sept NE at p 81, lines 14–15.

This is despite the fact that the second defendant had pleaded guilty to one
charge of speeding for travelling at a speed of 124km/h. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

[L]’s AEIC at para 13 and pp 34–37 (PAEIC at pp 31 and 61–64).

(3) The speed stated in the criminal charge

33 The charge to which the second defendant pleaded guilty stated that the
second defendant, “[on] the 23rd day of October 2020 at about 8.08 P.M., along
Woodlands Ave 12 towards SLE, Singapore, did drive a motor car, bearing
registration … at a speed of 124 Kmph, such speed being excess of the imposed
speed limit of 70 Kmph of the road and [the second defendant had] thereby
committed an office under Section 63(4) and punishable under Section 131(2)
(a) of the Road Traffic Act, Chapter 276”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PAEIC at p 61.

34 Paragraph 3 of the statement of facts for the second defendant’s charge
stated that “[on] the 23rd day of October 2020 at about 8.08 p.m., along
Woodlands Ave 12 towards SLE, Singapore, the [second defendant] did drive a
motor car, bearing registration … at a speed of 124 kmph, such speed being
excess of the imposed speed limit of 70 kmph of the road. The speed was
calculated through Health Sciences Authority, Forensic Science Division”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PAEIC at p 64.

The speed stated in the charge was based on a report (the “first HSA report”)
prepared by Ms Leong Wai Ying (“Ms Leong”), a senior forensic scientist with
the forensic chemistry and physics laboratory of the Health Sciences Authority
(“the HSA”). As none of the parties sought to tender the first HSA report as
evidence, the report itself was not before this Court. However, during cross-
examination, Ms Leong stated that she prepared the first HSA report and
calculated the speed in that report. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

19 Sept NE at p 14, lines 11–27.

She could not remember the speed that she had calculated in the first HSA
report but she was able to say that the speed stated in the first HSA report
was an average speed and not a maximum speed. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

19 Sept NE at p 25, lines 11–14; p 40, lines 24–30; p 41, lines 5–7.

She also clarified that average speed refers to “the speed that the car was
travelling over … a certain distance” and “not the instantaneous speed at each
point in time”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

19 Sept NE at p 41, lines 10–17.

(4) The expert evidence

35 In addition to being inconsistent with the charge which he pleaded guilty
to, the second defendant’s evidence is contradicted by the experts, namely Ms
Leong and Dr Richardson.

36 Ms Leong prepared a report dated 17 March 2022 titled “Report under Section
263 of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010” that was disclosed by the Prosecution
during the criminal proceedings against the first defendant (the “second HSA
report”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

The First Defendant’s AEIC at para 22 and pp 58–65 (1DAEIC at pp 9 and
60-–67).

The second HSA report was admitted into evidence at the trial of this matter.
The purpose of her second report was to, inter alia, “[d]etermine the maximum
travel speed of [the second defendant’s car] that would allow it to brake to a
stop to avoid the collision, from where the brake lamps of the car lit up” and
“[e]valuate the visibility of the car to the first defendant prior to the
collision”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

1DAEIC at p 61.

37 Ms Leong visited the site of the accident to examine and record laser scans
of the site. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1DAEIC at p 60.

Based on these scans, she created a scaled diagram of the road along Woodlands
Avenue 12 towards the SLE. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1DAEIC at p 61.

She marked points along the road based on the broken white lines that made up
the lane markings on the road. The laser scans allowed her to measure the
distance between the lane markings. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

19 Sept NE at p 5, lines 20–27.

Ms Leong also referred to the video footage for her analysis, noting the time
at which the second defendant’s car’s brake lamps first lit up. She estimated
that at that point, when the second defendant presumably first braked, the
rear of the second defendant’s car was about 71.4m from the start of the
U-turn junction. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1DAEIC at p 62.

Taking into account the length of the second defendant’s car, there was an
available distance of about 54.7 to 67.7m for the second defendant’s car to
decelerate and avoid the collision. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1DAEIC at p 63.

Ms Leong then went on to calculate the maximum speed at which the second
defendant could still avoid a collision by braking. In so doing, she assumed
that the deceleration rate of the car was around 0.70g to 0.92g (g refers to
gravitational acceleration of 9.8m/s2). This range represents emergency
deceleration rates (ie, rates reached by hard braking). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

19 Sept NE at p 11, lines 2–3 and lines 16–21.

Ms Leong concluded that if the available braking distance was 54.7m, and the
second defendant’s car had travelled at a speed of between 99 and 113km/h, the
second defendant would have been able to stop in time to avoid the collision.
If the available braking distance was 67.7m, and the second defendant’s car
had travelled at a speed of between 110 and 126km/h, the second defendant
would have been able to come to a stop to avoid the collision. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1DAEIC at p 63; 19 Sept NE at p 26, lines 7–27.

Ms Leong therefore opined that if the second defendant’s car had been
travelling at the speed limit of 70km/h, the collision would have been
avoided.

38 Dr Richardson was instructed by the first defendant’s insurers to provide
his views on the “cause of the [collision]”, with particular consideration to
“[t]he speed at which [the first defendant’s van] was travelling at prior to
the impact”, “[t]he speed at which [the second defendant’s car] was travelling
at prior to the impact” and “[w]hether the speed at which [the second
defendant’s car] was travelling could have caused the two rear passengers
travelling on board [the first defendant’s van] to be flung out of [the van]”.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ABD at p 66.

Dr Richardson provided a report dated 24 February 2022. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ABD at pp 68–136.

39 Dr Richardson visited the site of the collision and surveyed the location
using “photographic and software technique which stitches multiple images
together to create a 3d point cloud”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

ABD at p 75.

In addition, he reviewed the video footage and developed a computer model of
the collision circumstances and evaluated that model, among other things. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ABD at p 76.

Dr Richardson relied on the broken white lines that make up the lane markings
on the road to estimate distance. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ABD at p 100; 22 Sept NE at p 34, lines 15–20.

He also relied on the video footage, which he believed to be an accurate
representation of the timing of events, given that the audio of the video did
not appear to have been sped up. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

ABD at p 100.

40 Using the video footage, Dr Richardson took screenshots at various time
intervals from the start of the video leading up to the time of the collision.
Relying on the time and the distance travelled, as indicated by the lane
markings on the road, Dr Richardson estimated the separation speed of the
second defendant’s car at those intervals, as reflected in Figure 1 below: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ABD at p 106.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 1

41 “Figure 37” referenced in Figure 1 is a screenshot of the video footage at
the 5.08s mark. It can be seen from the screenshot that this was the point
when the second defendant’s car’s brake lights first lit up. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ABD at p 127.

At the screenshot labelled “Figure 40”, which is of the 6.56s mark of the
video footage, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

ABD at p 130.

the second defendant’s car had collided with the first defendant’s van. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

ABD at p 107.

Based on this tabulation in Figure 1, Dr Richardson opined in his report that
the second defendant’s car was travelling at a speed greater than 140km/h in
the six seconds prior to emergency braking and at a speed greater than 100km/h
at the point of impact. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ABD at p 106.

To better understand Dr Richardson’s evidence on the second defendant’s speed
as set out in Figure 1, I refer to his explanation during cross-examination.
Counsel for the plaintiff queried if it would be accurate to, per the numbers
stated in Figure 1, approximate the speed of the second defendant’s car when
it was the position “Figure 28” to have been 138km/h. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

22 Sept NE at p 10, lines 13–14.

Dr Richardson answered in the negative. He explained that it would be
incorrect to refer to the individual speeds tabulated in Figure 1 as the
second defendant’s speed at those points. Instead, these numbers represent
“small segments of speed” which, viewed holistically, gave rise to Dr
Richardson’s assessment that the second defendant’s car was travelling at
above 140km/h in the six seconds prior to emergency braking. In his words: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

22 Sept NE at p 10, line 13 to p 11 line 4.

Q: … So at the car where it was in figure 28, its corresponding speed was
138km per hour?

A: No. Not at that point. I’ve used two those points [between figures 27 and
28] as starting main points for an estimate of the speed over that range and
then I’ve done segment. Substantially small segments of speed. I’ve made
estimates of the speed of the vehicle. I have a segment and then I have used
that to make an estimate of the speed of the vehicle, over the overall
passage. So I’m not trying to say that the car is doing 138, 144, 142,
145[km/h]. They are my measurements for segments of the vehicle speed. I think
what I’ve said in closing is that I estimate that the speed of the vehicle is
greater than 140 kilometres an hour across that range pre-braking.

…

A: … I was confident enough that my speed variation that I was giving across
the vehicle as it’s approaching it was not---it wasn’t one value but it was
consistent and it was consistently above 140 kilometres an hour to come and
present to the Court that I believe the speed of the vehicle is greater than
140 kilometres an hour as you are watching it go round the bend, then come---
before you see the brake lights come on.

[emphasis added]

(5) My findings on the speed at which the second defendant was travelling

42 I do not accept the second defendant’s evidence that he was travelling
between 70 to 79km/h. His evidence is inconsistent with the charge to which he
pleaded guilty. The legal principles mentioned at [21] in respect of the
evidentiary value of the charge against the first defendant, the statement of
facts, and the first defendant’s plea of guilty and conviction apply equally
to the second defendant. Under s 45A(3) of the EA, the burden has shifted to
the second defendant to prove that he had not been travelling at a speed of at
least 124km/h. The second defendant did not lead any evidence to substantiate
his assertions that he was travelling at 70 to 79km/h. I find that the second
defendant has failed to discharge his burden by his bare assertions. His
evidence is also unbelievable when considered against the evidence of Ms Leong
and Dr Richardson, whose evidence I turn now to analyse.

43 Ms Leong and Dr Richardson were given different mandates (set out at [36]
and [38] above). Ms Leong approached the analysis from the perspective of
collision analysis and was calculating the maximum speed of travel that would
allow the second defendant’s car to brake in time to avoid the collision. Dr
Richardson was tasked to determine the speed at which the second defendant’s
car was travelling prior to the impact. The experts also used different
methods, as set out above at [37] and [39]–[40]. Ms Leong started with the
available distance for the second defendant’s car to decelerate and come to a
stop, and then set parameters for the likely deceleration rate, in order to
arrive at the maximum speed of travel at which the collision could still be
avoided. Dr Richardson used what he described as “photogrammetry” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

22 Sept NE at p 40, line 5.

to reconstruct the position of the second defendant’s car, based on the video
footage and the distance indicated by the broken white lines that make up the
lane markings on the road. Using the positions of the second defendant’s car
at various time intervals, he calculated the separation speed between those
intervals. He then arrived at his conclusion as to the speed of travel of the
second defendant’s car. Yet, their conclusions point unequivocally to the
mendacity of the second defendant’s evidence. Read together, it shows that
regardless of the approach taken, the speed of the second defendant’s car was
far in excess of the speed limit of 70km/h and of the speed range of 70 to
79km/h that the second defendant insisted he was travelling at.

44 I find both Ms Leong and Dr Richardson to be credible witnesses. They were
objective and balanced in giving their testimony. Their respective analyses
were carefully reasoned and stood the test of cross-examination. As mentioned
earlier at [42], the second defendant did not lead any evidence to
substantiate his assertions that he was travelling at 70 to 79km/h. He also
did not lead evidence to rebut the expert evidence of Ms Leong and Dr
Richardson. Further, none of the parties challenged the correctness or
reliability of the experts’ evidence, nor raised any apparent inconsistencies
or contradictions in the testimony of the two experts, in their closing
submissions. I accept Ms Leong’s evidence that the second defendant was
travelling at a speed higher than 99km/h. I also accept Dr Richardson’s
evidence that the second defendant was travelling at a speed of more than
140km/h in the six seconds prior to emergency braking and at a speed greater
than 100km/h at the point of impact. Based on the evidence, I find the second
defendant’s travelling speed to be around 140km/h in the six seconds prior to
emergency braking. For completeness, I add that the speed of 124km/h stated in
the speeding charge against the second defendant, which the second defendant’s
counsel appeared to be advocating that the Court should take as the second
defendant’s average speed of travel, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Second Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“2DRS”) at paras 5–7.

is not preferred since none of the parties sought to admit into evidence the
first HSA report. There is no evidence before the Court as to how the charge
of speeding at 124km/h was made out, and if 124km/h was an average speed, how
it was derived and which segment of the second defendant’s travel it related
to. Ms Leong was also not cross-examined on the calculations that were made by
her for the purposes of preparing that report. In any event, if the speed of
124km/h was the second defendant’s average travelling speed, the second
defendant must have travelled in excess of 124km/h at certain points in time
before the collision. There was no evidence that controverted Dr Richardson’s
evidence that the second defendant’s travelling speed exceeded 140km/h in the
six seconds before emergency braking. Indeed, the second defendant’s counsel
did not raise any argument in his closing submissions that there were any
errors in Dr Richardson’s calculation, or that Dr Richardson’s calculation was
in any way unreliable, when considered and compared with the speed of 124km/h
that was stated in the charge against the second defendant.

45 At the speed which the second defendant was found to be travelling, the
second defendant’s ability to keep a proper look-out and to exercise due care
would have been compromised. His ability to deal with exigencies on the road,
and to avoid or mitigate the consequences of the mistakes of other motorists,
would also have been significantly limited. The time for him to notice the
hazard and to take reactive actions, as well as the distance left between his
car and the first defendant’s van by the time he perceived and reacted to the
hazard, were all drastically reduced. I therefore find the second defendant to
be in breach of the duty of care owed to the plaintiff, to have contributed to
causing the collision, and the second defendant to be liable in negligence for
the plaintiff’s injuries.

46 Beyond contributing to the occurrence of the accident, the second
defendant’s speed also contributed to the extent and severity of the injuries
suffered by the plaintiff. I will turn next to consider the first defendant’s
and the second defendant’s respective contributions in this regard.

The first defendant’s and the second defendant’s negligence contributed to the
extent of the plaintiff’s injuries

47 In considering the first defendant’s and the second defendant’s negligence
that contributed to the extent and severity of the plaintiff’s injuries, I
start by setting out Dr Richardson’s testimony on the role that being ejected
from a vehicle plays in injury outcomes: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

22 Sept NE at p 16, lines 11–19.

… it’s the---the ejection, the passing through components of the vehicle being
thrown out of the vehicle lying on the ground is where the injury mechanisms
come from. So as you are separated, you have a velocity in---in this
direction. The vehicle is rotating around, you go through components of the
vehicle, the potential to be injured while striking it, the potential to then
hit the ground at the speed that you are being ejected out, that’s where the
injury mechanisms come from and that’s why you have a much higher chance of
sustaining lower injuries or lesser injuries by being retained in the vehicle.
[emphasis added]

48 Dr Richardson also testified that, generally speaking, a person would have
what he estimated to be an 80% chance of a better outcome if the person is
retained in the vehicle as opposed to being ejected. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

22 Sept NE at p 16, lines 6–9.

49 I consider next the evidence as to what caused the plaintiff to be ejected
from the van. In his report, Dr Richardson stated: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

ABD at p 109.

The impact speed of [the second defendant’s car] combined with the points of
impact … caused [the first defendant’s van] to rotate rapidly. The rapid
rotation of [the first defendant’s van] is what would have caused the two rear
occupants [of the van] to be flung out of the [van].”

50 During cross-examination, counsel for the second defendant suggested to Dr
Richardson that the reason the plaintiff was ejected from the van was because
she was not properly or safely secured in a seat with a seat belt. Dr
Richardson responded that this was not a fair statement 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

22 Sept NE at p 23, lines 22–30.

because the severity of the collision, how hard the van was impacted and where
the van was impacted were all related to the speed of the second defendant’s
car. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

22 Sept NE at p 24, lines 1–3.

He agreed, however, that if the plaintiff were seated and wearing a seat belt,
there would be a greater chance she would have been retained within the van.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

22 Sept NE at p 15, lines 28–30.

He estimated that the chances of the plaintiff being flung out of the van
would have been between 10 to 50% had she been belted. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

22 Sept NE at p 17, lines 29–32 and p 18, lines 1–25.

He also agreed that it was not the speed of the second defendant’s car alone
that caused the plaintiff to be flung out of the van. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

22 Sept NE at p 24, lines 4–10.

Further, when asked whether he agreed that had the plaintiff been properly
secured with a seat belt, she would not have been flung out of the van, since
the plaintiff’s then 6-year-old sister, who had been secured in a seat with a
seat belt in the front of the van was not flung out of the vehicle, he agreed
“with the logic” of that statement. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

22 Sept NE at p 23, lines 13–19.

51 In my judgment, the first defendant was in breach of the duty of care he
owed to the plaintiff and negligent when he allowed the plaintiff to travel in
the rear cargo compartment without safety restraints. Under cross-examination,
the first defendant himself accepted that he should not have allowed the
plaintiff to sit in the rear cargo compartment of the van, because it was
intended for goods and not passengers. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

21 Sept NE at p 8, lines 19–22.

The first defendant also accepted that it was probable that the cartons and
trolley in the rear cargo compartment would have moved and hit the plaintiff
while the van was rotating from the impact of the collision. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

21 Sept NE at p 8, lines 13–16.

52 In view of Dr Richardson’s evidence, and the fact that the first defendant
and the other two persons seated in the front of the van who were properly
restrained by seat belts were not ejected from the van, while the two
unsecured passengers in the rear cargo compartment, including the plaintiff,
were ejected from the van, I come to the conclusion that the first defendant’s
failure to ensure that the plaintiff was properly seated and secured with a
seat belt is a key contributing factor to the extent and severity of the
plaintiff’s injuries.

53 I accept Dr Richardson’s evidence that the impact speed of the second
defendant’s car and the points of impact had caused the first defendant’s van
to rotate rapidly, and that the rapid rotation was what would have caused the
plaintiff and [K], who were travelling without proper seats and unsecured by
seat belts, to be flung out of the van. Further, I accept that the severity of
the collision and how hard the van was impacted were related to the speed of
the second defendant’s car. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

22 Sept NE at p 24, lines 1–3.

If the second defendant had not travelled at the speed that the second
defendant was found to be travelling, then the impact of the collision would
not have been as forceful, and the injuries suffered by the plaintiff would
not have been as devastating. Accordingly, I find that the second defendant
also contributed significantly to the extent and severity of the plaintiff’s
injuries.

Decision on apportionment of liability

54 Having found that both the first defendant and the second defendant were
negligent and liable to compensate the plaintiff, I turn now to determine the
apportionment of liability. In making this determination, regard must be had
to the extent of the first defendant’s and the second defendant’s individual
responsibility for the plaintiff’s injuries so as to arrive at a just and
equitable apportionment (s 16(1) of the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed)).
This is an exercise involving the comparison of the relative significance of
the acts or omissions of the parties in causing the plaintiff’s injuries, and
of the relative culpability of the parties (Cheng William v Allister Lim &
Thrumurgan and another and another appeal [2015] 3 SLR 201 (“Cheng William”)
at [45]).

55 Counsel for the first defendant submitted that liability should be
apportioned at 55% and 45% to the first defendant and the second defendant
respectively. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

1DCS at para 126.

He submitted that the liability contribution of the second defendant should
underscore his moral blameworthiness, and take into account the excessive
speed at which the second defendant was travelling at the material time. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

1DCS at para 121.

He emphasised, in particular, that the first defendant would have had
sufficient time and space to complete the U-turn safely based on the
expectations of speeds of vehicles travelling on the road if the second
defendant had not been travelling at the speed that he was travelling at. The
cause of the accident was therefore the second defendant’s excessive speed. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

First Defendant’s Reply Submissions dated 11 November 2022 at paras 11–12.

56 Counsel for the first defendant conceded that the first defendant’s
negligence, while momentary, remains a larger contributing factor. Although Dr
Richardson was of the opinion that the first defendant ought to have seen the
approach of the second defendant’s car as the second defendant’s car was in
his line of sight, that has to be countenanced against Dr Richardson’s
evidence that the U-turn could have been completed safely had the second
defendant not been travelling at an excessive speed. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1DCS at para 123.

In addition, counsel for the first defendant submitted that while the first
defendant had permitted the plaintiff to travel in the rear cargo compartment
of his van without being secured in a proper seat with a seat belt, that was
irrelevant to the occurrence of the accident or collision itself and that it
was only relevant insofar as the extent of injury is concerned. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

1DCS at para 124.

57 Counsel for the second defendant submitted that speeding in and of itself
does not establish negligence 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

2DCS at para 42.

and that the speed at which the second defendant was travelling at the
material time should be of little relevance to the Court’s apportionment of
liability. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

2DCS at para 44.

According to him, as there was “no general duty for [the second defendant],
who had the right of way at the material time, to reduce speed as he
approached the U-turn junction”, the material cause of the accident was the
first defendant’s failure to keep a proper look-out before making the U-turn,
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

2DCS at paras 43–47.

and that based on the authority of Ong Bee Nah and Stafford, the first
defendant should be made fully liable. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

2DCS at para 48.

58 He further submitted that if the Court is minded to take into consideration
the speed of the second defendant’s car, liability should be apportioned at 80
to 90% to the first defendant and 10 to 20% to the second defendant. He
referred to the guidelines set out in the Motor Accident Guide (2nd Edition)
issued by the State Courts (the “MAG”), which provides that liability should
be apportioned at 80% against the vehicle making the U-turn and 20% against
the straight-going vehicle. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2DCS at para 50.

He also referred to Ng Li Ning, where the Court imposed an additional 15% on
the indicative 20% liability against the speeding straight-going vehicle that
had the right of way, and contended that it is distinguishable. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

2DCS at para 51.

He submitted that if, however, the Court takes the view that Ng Li Ning is
instructive, the case should be taken only as a starting point, as “an uplift”
of 15 to 25% liability must be applied against the first defendant to account
for his neglect in allowing the plaintiff to travel in the rear cargo
compartment of his van without being secured in a proper seat with a seat
belt. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

2DCS at paras 53–54.

The apportionment would then be 80 to 90% to the first defendant and 10 to 20%
to the second defendant, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

2DCS at para 55.

which is the same apportionment as the one that does not take the speed of the
second defendant’s car into account.

59 I considered the breaches by the first defendant and the second defendant,
in particular, the relative causative potency and relative moral
blameworthiness of their respective breaches (Cheng William at [45]–[46]), and
find that the first defendant should be held responsible for a higher
percentage of the plaintiff’s injuries.

60 As explained by the Court of Appeal in Cheng William (at [43]–[45]), there
is a need for the Court to regard both causative potency and relative moral
blameworthiness of the tortfeasors when determining each tortfeasor’s
contribution. The Court observed (at [43]) that:

Each tortfeasor’s causal responsibility will commonly be the same because each
of their acts/omissions will be equally important forming one part of the
continuous causal link resulting in the eventual loss.

61 On blameworthiness, the Court in Cheng William observed (at [46]) that:

The term ‘blameworthiness’ is broad and it gives the court the flexibility to
take into account a wide range of conduct to arrive at a just and equitable
result in a myriad of situations. This inevitably necessitates a value
judgment … [internal citations omitted]

62 Counsel for the first defendant and the second defendant took diametrically
opposed positions in relation to how the second defendant’s speed should
feature in the apportionment of liability. On the one hand, counsel for the
first defendant argued that whether the first defendant had kept a proper
look-out for the second defendant’s car is not the issue as there is evidence
that the first defendant would have had sufficient space and time to complete
the U-turn based on expectations of speeds of vehicles travelling on the road.
On the other hand, counsel for the second defendant argued that the second
defendant’s travelling speed is a “red herring” 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

2DRS at para 9.

and “irrelevant”, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

2DRS at para 8.

and that the first defendant’s argument unfairly places the burden on the
second defendant to avoid the first defendant’s van and ignores the fact that
the first defendant has a duty to keep a proper look-out and give way to the
second defendant’s car.

63 I start by making the observation that the concession made by the first
defendant’s counsel, that the first defendant’s negligence remains a larger
contributing factor, is a proper and fair one. The law requires the first
defendant, as the driver of the vehicle making a U-turn, to keep a proper
look-out for vehicles travelling straight and to give way to oncoming
vehicles. The first defendant’s failure to do so was negligent, and was
significant both in causative potency and moral blameworthiness. His omission
was particularly blameworthy as it created a hazard, and put the second
defendant in a position where the second defendant had to avoid the collision.
The first defendant should therefore bear a greater share of the liability.

64 I deal now with the arguments of the second defendant. In Ong Bee Nah, the
defendant argued that the driver who had the right of way should have slowed
down as he approached the junction even though the lights were in his favour.
The Court rejected the defendant’s argument and held that in the absence of
clear and compelling circumstances to the contrary, there is generally no duty
on a driver with the right of way to slow down each time he or she approaches
a junction if there is no stop sign or the lights are in his or her favour
(Ong Bee Nah at [109]). In that case, the driver was driving along the extreme
left lane and he was not found to be speeding. It is unclear how the case of
Ong Bee Nah assists the second defendant since it is not in dispute that the
second defendant here had not been travelling within the speed limit. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

2DCS at para 42.

There was no issue raised on whether the second defendant should have slowed
down as he was approaching the intersection for the U-turn. That question
simply did not arise since the case against the second defendant was that he
was travelling far beyond the speed limit.

65 In my view, the argument that the second defendant’s travelling speed
should be of little relevance to the apportionment of liability is
misconceived and against the weight of the authorities. Indeed, the Court of
Appeal in Stafford, which the second defendant’s counsel relied on 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

2DCS at para 48.

in support of his argument that the first defendant should be wholly
responsible for the plaintiff’s injuries despite the speed at which the second
defendant was travelling, observed (at [38]) that speed would be a factor in
determining whether there was contributory negligence.

66 In that case, the deceased was proceeding across an intersection and the
defendant bus driver was making a discretionary right turn when only the green
light (but not the green right-turn arrow light) was showing. As it was not
proved that the speed at which the deceased entered into the intersection was
too fast, the Court of Appeal found the defendant bus driver to be wholly
liable. The Court of Appeal unequivocally stated at [38] that:

… if the Deceased had ridden into the Intersection at a speed that did not
countenance the possibility that the bus would make the turn before he could
clear the Intersection, we would have no hesitation in holding that the
Deceased was contributorily negligent. [emphasis added]

Based on the holdings in Stafford, the speed at which the second defendant was
travelling is, contrary to the second defendant’s argument, a relevant factor
for consideration. While Stafford is concerned with contributory negligence,
the same principle should apply to the apportionment of liability between
tortfeasors. After all, the same considerations (of relative causative potency
and relative moral blameworthiness) underpin the apportionment of liability in
cases concerning contributory negligence and cases on apportionment of
liability between tortfeasors (Asnah at [118]; Cheng William at [45]).

67 Further, in the recent case of Ng Li Ning, the Court of Appeal upheld an
apportionment of liability at 65% against the driver of a right-turning
vehicle and 35% against the driver of a straight-going vehicle who had the
right of way after taking into account that the latter was driving above the
speed limit.

68 There is no question that the travelling speed of the second defendant is
relevant in the apportionment of liability. Based on the evidence, the
travelling speed of the second defendant is significant both in causative
potency and moral blameworthiness. There is evidence that if the second
defendant had not exceeded the speed limit to the extent that he did, the
accident could have been avoided. In fact, had the second defendant travelled
even up to 99km/h, the accident would not have taken place. According to Dr
Richardson, it was a split-second difference between a collision and a near
miss. In his words: 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

22 Sept NE at p 50, lines 17–20.

If [the second defendant’s car] had been travelling at the speed limit, the
manoeuvre would have been completed … it’s the fact that [the second
defendant’s car] is travelling at that speed that the manoeuvre was not able
to be completed. We are probably talking about point 1 or maybe point 2 of a
second difference. [emphasis added]

69 In this case, the speed at which the second defendant was charging into the
intersection for the U-turn sealed the parties’ fates; there would not be a
near miss, but instead a violent collision that sent the first defendant’s van
into a spin. In the circumstances of this case, even a driver who was keeping
a proper look-out would have had little time and opportunity to register and
respond to the second defendant’s oncoming car because of the second
defendant’s excessive speed. This is especially because the second defendant’s
car would only come within such a driver’s line of sight after it emerged from
the curvature of the road onto the straight portion of the road that leads to
the U-turn intersection in question. For the same reason, the second
defendant’s own ability to see what was ahead and respond to any perceived
hazards would be very limited at the speed he was racing down that road. The
second defendant’s culpability must also be seen in light of the fact that he
confirmed that he had previously driven along that section of the road in both
directions before, since his office is situated near Woodlands Avenue 12. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

22 Sept NE at p 67, lines 5-–7 and lines 18–28; p 68, lines 4–6.

He would therefore be aware of the speed limit and the risks of speeding along
that road. Further, the evidence is that the “impact speed” of his car was one
of the factors that caused the van to spin, leading to the plaintiff and [K]
being ejected from the van. The second defendant must bear responsibility for
his recklessness and total disregard for the life and safety of himself and
other road users. The question is simply of how much.

70 In support of his contention that his liability should not exceed 10 to 20%
if the first defendant were not held to be fully liable, the second
defendant’s counsel referred to scenario 15(b) of MAG that a vehicle making a
U-turn (where a U-turn is permitted) should bear 80% liability, with 20%
liability borne by the straight-going vehicle. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

2DCS at para 50.

In my view, the justice of this case requires me to depart from the
guidelines. Although the MAG provides helpful guidance, as was held in Ng Li
Ning, each case must be assessed on its own facts in the apportionment of
liability.

71 In Ng Li Ning, the Court of Appeal upheld an apportionment of liability at
65% against the driver of the right-turning vehicle (the “taxi”), and 35%
against the driver of the straight-going vehicle (the “Nissan”) who had the
right of way. The accident happened around 7.30pm at a traffic light-
controlled junction with moderately heavy traffic. The taxi driver did not
keep a proper look-out and made a permitted discretionary right turn while the
Nissan, straight-moving and coming from the opposite direction, had the right
of way. The Nissan was speeding and did not slow down as it approached the
junction and collided with the taxi’s left side.

72 The trial judge found that the Nissan driver was travelling at 74 to
87km/h, at an average speed of 82km/h, above the road’s speed limit of 70km/h.
The trial judge further held that the Nissan driver had failed to exercise due
care when approaching the large and busy junction, and apportioned liability
at 65% to 35%, with the taxi driver bearing the greater liability.

73 On appeal, the Nissan driver referred to various cases involving accidents
between a straight-moving vehicle with the traffic light in its favour and a
vehicle making a discretionary right turn into the path of the first vehicle
and argued that the liability against the straight-moving vehicle was assessed
consistently at 0% and 20% in almost 90% of the cases. The Nissan driver also
pointed to the MAG, which recommends 15% liability against the straight-moving
vehicle, as well as the Motor Accident Claims Online portal by the Courts of
the Future Task Force (the “MACO outcome predictor”), which gives a predicted
outcome of 20% liability against the straight-moving vehicle.

74 The Court of Appeal saw no merit in the Nissan driver’s arguments on
appeal. The Court pointed out (at [37]–[39]) that the MACO outcome predictor
assumes that all parties are driving at normal speed in normal traffic
conditions, and that in any event, the MAG and MACO outcome predictor were
meant to provide only estimates; apportionment of liability is a highly fact-
sensitive exercise (Ng Li Ning at [39]). In my view, the present case is
another appropriate case to deviate from the guidance provided by the MAG as
there is nothing to suggest that the guidelines have been drafted to deal with
extreme cases of recklessness and cases where there is a total disregard for
life and safety such as this one. Apportioning 10 to 20% of the liability to
the second defendant would be an under-estimation of his responsibility for
the accident.

75 As for the submission of counsel for the second defendant that Ng Li Ning
is distinguishable because the accident in that case took place at a traffic
light- controlled junction while the junction here is uncontrolled, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

2DCS at para 52.

I accept that there are differences in the facts of this case and Ng Li Ning.
Nonetheless, Ng Li Ning is instructive as it discussed how certain cases may
warrant deviation from the MAG or MACO outcome predictor, to properly take
into account the relevant factual circumstances. In terms of factual
distinctions, other than what was pointed out by counsel for the second
defendant, there are others, such as the traffic volume and conditions of the
traffic junction in Ng Li Ning. Most pertinently, the speed of the Nissan
there was nowhere near that of the second defendant’s car. In Ng Li Ning, the
Nissan was travelling at 74 to 87km/h, and at an average speed of 82km/h.
Here, the second defendant’s travelling speed was around 140km/h in the six
seconds prior to emergency braking. The accident happened on a Friday evening
at around 8.00pm when people would be returning home from work and families
would be on the road at the beginning of the weekend. Although the traffic was
light to moderate and the second defendant was not approaching a traffic
light-controlled junction, he was not on the racetracks and had no excuse for
driving at the speed that he had anywhere on our roads at any time of any day.
The second defendant is highly blameworthy by virtue of the sheer speed of his
car. The Court of Appeal in Stafford observed that a motor vehicle is, by
reason of its mass and speed, a potentially dangerous weapon. The law
therefore requires the driver to handle it with good sense and common decency
(Stafford at [34]). The second defendant’s car was indeed such a dangerous
weapon when it travelled at the speed that it did at the material time.

76 On the facts of the present case, I find that the actions/omissions of the
first defendant and the second defendant had equal causative potency insofar
as the collision is concerned. If the first defendant had kept a proper look-
out, the accident could have been avoided. Similarly, if the second defendant
had not exceeded the speed limit to the outrageous extent that he did, the
accident would not have happened. As for moral blameworthiness, balancing the
first defendant’s blameworthiness from failing to keep a proper look-out and
to give way to the second defendant who had the right of way, against the
second defendant’s blameworthiness from the dangerous speed at which he was
travelling, the first defendant is more blameworthy but not by a wide margin.
If the analysis were to end here, I would have apportioned liability to the
second defendant above the 35% that was apportioned to the Nissan driver in Ng
Li Ning. But the analysis should also account for the impact of the first
defendant permitting the plaintiff to travel in the rear cargo compartment of
his van without being secured in a proper seat with a seat belt on the extent
of the injuries suffered by the plaintiff. In this regard, I do not think that
it will be appropriate to simply apply an “uplift” against the first defendant
as the effect which the second defendant’s travelling speed had on the extent
of the plaintiff’s injuries has to be considered too.

77 The evidence before this Court is that the first defendant’s failure to
ensure that the plaintiff was properly seated and secured with a seat belt, as
well as the impact speed of the second defendant’s car and the points of
impact, were factors that contributed to the extent and severity of the
plaintiff’s injuries. The first defendant’s omission in this regard is a
weighty factor against him, considering that the first defendant, [J] and the
plaintiff’s sister who were seated in the front of the van and properly
restrained by seat belts were not ejected from the van while the plaintiff and
[K], who were travelling in the rear cargo compartment without safety
restraints, were flung out of the van.

78 The first defendant was irresponsible and reckless to place an 8-year-old
child in the rear cargo compartment of his van that was not meant to carry
passengers. He knew that was unsafe for the plaintiff since he was aware that
the rear cargo compartment of his van was meant to carry goods, and not
passengers. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

21 Sept NE at p 8, lines 19–22.

He also knew that the rear cargo compartment of the van was not fitted with
seat belts and that passengers travelling in his van are required to be
belted. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

21 Sept NE at p 7, lines 16–18.

Although he might not have intended to do so, he was in effect betting on a
safe journey and placing the plaintiff at grave risk of serious injury, which
unfortunately materialised. I therefore add this factor onto the scale to be
weighed against the first defendant, to be considered together with the first
defendant’s failure to keep a proper look-out and to give way to the second
defendant, after also taking into account the impact of the collision which
was contributed by the second defendant’s travelling speed.

79 For completeness, I should mention that I did not consider the points of
the impact as a factor weighing solely against either the first defendant or
the second defendant. To my mind, it is a factor that would be more fairly
attributed to both of them equally, given that their actions/omissions in
causing the collision had equal causative potency.

Conclusion and orders made

80 Considering all the facts in the balance, and in particular, the first
defendant’s failure to keep a proper look-out and to give way to the second
defendant, and in permitting the plaintiff to travel in the rear cargo
compartment of his van without being secured in a proper seat with a seat
belt, against the speed of the second defendant’s car which significantly
limited his ability to keep a proper look-out and to avoid the collision, and
created the forceful impact that contributed to the severity of the accident,
I conclude that a just and equitable apportionment of the liability for the
plaintiff’s injuries is as follows:

(a) the first defendant: 65%; and

(b) the second defendant: 35%.

Accordingly, interlocutory judgment is granted in favour of the plaintiff
against the defendants at 100% with damages to be assessed and interest
reserved, with the defendants to bear liability in the abovementioned
proportion.

81 I will hear parties on the issue of costs separately.

Teh Hwee Hwee  
Judicial Commissioner|  
  
---|---  
  
Ng Kwong Loong (Leagle Sense LLC) for the plaintiff;

Pillai Remesha Chandran (M/s Jacob Mansur & Pillai) (instructed), Fernandez
Christopher and Low Huai Pin (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the first
defendant;

Yeo Kim Hai Patrick, Lim Hui Ying and Ooi Jingyu (Legal Solutions LLC) for the
second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Dec 2022 (11:27 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

