Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 291

Originating Application 480 of 2022

Between

(1)| Jumaat bin Mohamed Sayed  
---|---  
(2)| Lingkesvaran Rajendaren  
(3)| Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah  
(4)| Saminathan Selvaraju  
  
… Claimants

And

| Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Constitutional law — Accused person — Rights]

[Constitutional law — Fundamental liberties — Right to life and personal
liberty]

[Constitutional law — Natural justice — Right to fair hearing]

[Criminal law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jumaat bin Mohamed Sayed and others

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2022] SGHC 291

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 480 of 2022  
Valerie Thean J  
14 November 2022

25 November 2022 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

1 This application is brought by four inmates of Changi Prison who have been
sentenced to the mandatory death penalty for offences under the Misuse of
Drugs Act 1973 (2020 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). These four claimants, Jumaat bin Mohamed
Sayed (“Jumaat”), Lingkesvaran Rajendaren (“Lingkesvaran”), Datchinamurthy a/l
Kataiah (“Datchinamurthy”), and Saminathan Selvaraju (“Saminathan”) apply
under O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court (2021 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) for permission to
seek the following relief:

a. A Declaration that the Presumptions contained in Section 18(1) and 18(2) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act 1973 (“MDA”) which were imposed upon the Claimants
should be read down and given effect as imposing an evidential burden only in
Compliance with Articles 9(1) and 12(1) of the Constitution and the Common law
Presumption of innocence.

b. Alternatively, a Declaration that the Presumption upon Presumption
contained in Section 18(2) read with Section 18(1) of the MDA which were
imposed upon the Claimants are unconstitution [sic] for violating Articles
9(1) and 12(1) of the Constitution.

c. A Prohibitory order against the execution of the death sentences upon the
Claimants.​

2 I dismiss the application for the reasons that follow.

Background

3 The claimants were convicted and sentenced to the death penalty by the High
Court. Their appeals against conviction and sentence have been dismissed. The
facts pertinent to the claimants’ convictions were detailed in the following:

(a) Public Prosecutor v Jumaat bin Mohamed Sayed [2018] SGHC 176 (“Jumaat”) at
[1]–[44]. The Court of Appeal upheld Jumaat’s conviction on 3 July 2019.

(b) Public Prosecutor v Lingkesvaran Rajendaren and another [2018] SGHC 234 at
[1]–[31]. The Court of Appeal upheld Lingkesvaran’s conviction on 27 March
2019.

(c) Public Prosecutor v Christeen d/o Jayamany and another [2015] SGHC 126 at
[1]–[17]. The Court of Appeal upheld Datchinamurthy’s conviction on 5 February
2016, and his application for review was dismissed by Chao Hick Tin SJ on 5
April 2021 (see Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 30
at [5] and [49]).

(d) Public Prosecutor v Zulkarnain bin Kemat and others [2018] SGHC 161 at
[1]–[46]. The Court of Appeal upheld Saminathan’s conviction on 8 May 2020
(see Mohammad Rizwan bin Akbar Husain v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
and other matters [2020] SGCA 45 at [107]).

Proper defendant

4 A preliminary matter arose out of the submissions filed by the defendant,
who makes the point that this application ought to have been brought against
the Attorney-General (“AG”) in the light of s 19(3) of the Government
Proceedings Act 1956 (2020 Rev Ed). The AG does not take any objection on that
ground, and in their submissions dealt with the application as one brought
against the AG. At the hearing, the claimants did not object to the AG’s
position and did not object to a substitution of the PP for the AG. I
therefore exercised my powers under O 3 r 2 of the ROC to substitute the PP
for the AG at the commencement of the hearing.

Claimants’ arguments

5 The claimants argue that Arts 9 and 12 of the Constitution of the Republic
of Singapore (2020 Rev Ed) (“Constitution”) protect the fundamental rules of
natural justice, which are procedural rights aimed at securing a fair trial. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Claimants’ Written Submissions (“CWS”) at paras 5–9.

One such right is the presumption of innocence, as was described by the House
of Lords in Woolmington v Director of Public Prosecutions [1935] AC 462
(“Woolmington”). This presumption has been repeatedly recognised by the
Singapore courts as an integral part of our criminal justice system: see AOF v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [314]–[315] and Public Prosecutor
v GCK and another matter [2020] 1 SLR 486 at [126]. This shows that the
presumption of innocence is “entrenched in Singapore law, and is guaranteed by
the Constitution under Art 9(1) and Art 12(1)”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CWS at para 13.

6 The claimants submit that ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the MDA violate the
constitutionally protected presumption of innocence. This is because the
presumption of innocence mandates that the prosecution prove each and every
element of the offence beyond a reasonable doubt. In contrast, the
presumptions in ss 18(1) and 18(2) shift the legal burden of proof in respect
of certain key elements of the offence in question to the accused person. In
addition, the presumptions in ss 18(1) and 18(2) can “stack”, in that the
presumption under s 18(1) operates to shift the burden of proof in respect of
possession to an accused person, and also triggers the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2).

7 In the alternative, the claimants submit that the twin presumptions should
be read down to impose only an evidential (rather than legal) burden on the
accused. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

CWS at paras 15–19.

They rely on the Hong Kong case of HKSAR v Hung Chan Wa [2006] HKCU 1464
(“Hung Chan Wa”) for this. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CWS at paras 15–19.

At the hearing, this was the main submission of the claimants.

8 Further, because these presumptions must be rebutted by the accused person
on the balance of probabilities, there could be a situation where an accused
person is convicted even though a reasonable doubt exists as to his guilt: for
example, where he is able to raise some doubt about either his knowledge or
possession, but is unable to satisfy the court of his defence on a balance of
probabilities. This offends the presumption of innocence. The claimants rely
on R v Lambert [2002] 2 AC 545 (“Lambert”) and R v Oakes [1986] 1 SCR 103
(“Oakes”) in support of this argument. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CWS at paras 20–24.

9 The claimants also highlight the severity of the offence of drug
trafficking, and argue that this means the presumption of innocence should be
given added weight when interpreting ss 18(1) and 18(2). This is because the
courts should be slower to derogate from an individual’s constitutional rights
when the penalties are severe. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CWS at paras 25–27.

10 The claimants conclude that the solution is to interpret ss 18(1) and 18(2)
such that they do not interfere with the constitutional rights of accused
persons more than necessary. Their proposal is to read the provisions such
that the presumptions may be rebutted where the accused raises a reasonable
doubt. The claimants submit that this is consistent with the parliamentary
intention in relation to ss 18(1) and 18(2); and contend that Parliament did
not intend to seriously infringe the presumption of innocence.

Defendant’s arguments

11 The AG raises various procedural and preliminary issues, as follows:

(a) An application for judicial review pursuant to O 24 r 5 of the ROC is the
wrong procedure for the relief sought by the claimants. The claimants should
have commenced proceedings under s 394H of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010
(2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) instead, which would entail an application to the Court
of Appeal for permission to do so. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 5–13.

(b) The claimants do not have standing. Jumaat does not have sufficient
interest in the matter because the Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal
against his conviction without relying on the relevant presumptions. For
Lingkesvaran, Datchinamurthy and Saminathan, they have not shown how the
burden of proof and stacking arguments would have had any impact on their
convictions. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DWS paras 17–23.

(c) The application is time-barred, given that more than three months have
passed since the final determinations of the claimants’ respective criminal
proceedings. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DWS paras 24–27.

12 In respect of the substantive issue, the defendant does not dispute that ss
18(1) and 18(2) of the MDA place a legal burden of proof on accused persons to
rebut the presumptions on a balance of probabilities and that the presumptions
may operate together. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CWS paras 16–17; DWS paras 29–33.

The AG argued that the presumptions under ss 18(1) and 18(2), being
presumptions of fact, do not detract from the need for prosecution to prove
its case beyond reasonable doubt, and do not contravene Arts 9(1) or 12 of the
Constitution. While the presumption of innocence is a bedrock principle of the
criminal justice system, Parliament may still legislate statutory provisions
which shift the burden of proof to the accused in certain circumstances. This
is settled law from Ong Ah Chuan and another v Public Prosecutor [1979–1980]
SLR(R) 710 (“Ong Ah Chuan”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DWS paras 39–44.

13 The AG contends that the foreign cases cited by the claimants are unhelpful
because they were decided in different constitutional contexts. In particular,
the UK and Hong Kong courts were subject to specific legislation that
curtailed the effect of the presumptions contained in their drug legislation.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DWS paras 46–47.

Issues

14 Order 24 r 5(1)(b) of the ROC provides that no application for a
prohibiting order must be made unless permission to make the application has
been granted. Order 24 r 5(1)(a) provides that the application may include an
application for a declaration that is consequential upon or ancillary to that
prohibiting order. The requirement for permission applies to a claimant
seeking both orders: see Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v Attorney-General [2013] 4
SLR 1 at [53], in the context of the requirement for leave under O 53 r 1 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”).

15 In Gobi a/l Avedian and another v Attorney-General and another appeal
[2020] 2 SLR 883 (“Gobi”), the Court of Appeal set out the following
requirements for leave to commence judicial review proceedings (at [44]):

(a) The subject matter of the complaint is susceptible to judicial review.

(b) The claimant has sufficient interest or locus standi in the subject
matter.

(c) The materials before the court disclose an arguable or prima facie case of
reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by the
claimant.

16 The various arguments and objections in this application may be neatly
organised under the three requirements for ease of analysis. The defendant’s
objections to the timing and mode of the application relate to the first
criterion, its objections that relate to standing are relevant to the second
criterion, and its arguments on the substantive application pertain to the
third criterion. I therefore frame my analysis with reference to the three
requirements of Gobi:

(a) Is the matter susceptible to judicial review?

(b) Do the claimants have sufficient interest?

(c) Is there an arguable or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion?

Is the matter susceptible to judicial review?

Is the application brought timely?

17 Under O 24 r 5(2) of the ROC, an application for permission to apply for a
mandatory, prohibiting or quashing order must be made within three months
after the date of the omission, judgment, order, conviction or proceedings
which gave rise to the application. As detailed at [3] above, more than three
months have passed since the final judicial determinations in all of the
claimants criminal cases.

18 The 3-month requirement is a procedural requirement mandated by the ROC.
Under O 3 r 2(1) and (4) of the ROC, the court has the general power to waive
the non-compliance in the interests of justice. I do not do so because there
is no merit in the application for permission, for the reasons I explain
below.

Is judicial review appropriate?

19 In the present case, the claimants seek a prohibiting order against the
execution of their death sentences which were meted out in respect of drug
offences for which they were convicted. This would require analysis of the
facts substantiating their convictions and sentences. The declaratory reliefs
sought rest on the argument that they were convicted using an interpretation
of the MDA provisions that offends the Constitution. This would involve
revisiting the interpretation of the MDA provisions undergirding their
convictions. Despite the claimants’ assertion that they seek only to examine
the Constitution, the true subject matter of the present application is the
propriety of the claimants’ convictions, which were the remit of their
respective cases in the High Court and Court of Appeal. This application for
permission amounts to a collateral attack on the earlier criminal decisions.

20 The AG makes a further point that the proper forum for any reconsideration
of their convictions would be a review application under ss 394F to 394K of
the CPC and the proper mode for the remedies sought by the claimants should be
a review application under s 394H of the CPC. I agree with the AG’s submission
that if proper reason exists to reconsider their convictions, the proper mode
for such reconsideration would be a review application.

21 Notwithstanding, having regard to the issues raised in this application,
the claimants would not have been able to meet the requirements for the Court
of Appeal to exercise its power of review under s 394H of the CPC. In order
for the Court of Appeal to exercise its power of review under Division 1B of
the CPC, the claimants would have to show that there is sufficient material on
which the court may conclude that there has been a miscarriage of justice in
their respective criminal matters in which the earlier decision was made (s
394J(2) of the CPC). For any material consisting of legal argument to be
sufficient, ss 394J(3) and (4) mandate the following cumulative requirements.
The material:

(a) must not have been canvassed at any stage of the proceedings in the
criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision was made;

(b) could not have been adduced in court earlier, even with reasonable
diligence;

(c) must be compelling, in that the material is reliable, substantial,
powerfully probative, and capable of showing almost conclusively that there
has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which
the earlier decision was made; and

(d) must, in addition to satisfying all of the requirements above, be based on
a change in the law that arose from any decision made by a court after the
conclusion of all proceedings relating to the criminal matter in respect of
which the earlier decision was made.

22 In the present case, none of the above criteria are met.

Do the claimants have sufficient interest?

23 The AG makes various arguments about the standing of the claimants. First,
for Jumaat, it contends that the Court of Appeal did not rely on the
presumptions in their oral reasons given at the dismissal of the appeal. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities (Volume 2) filed on 10 October 2022 at p
1606.

For the other claimants, the AG argues these claimants have not shown how the
burden of proof and stacking arguments would have had any impact on their
convictions.

24 In the present case, the claimants contend that they were convicted and
sentenced pursuant to a statute that was interpreted in a manner that is
inconsistent with the Constitution. This would, if established, constitute a
violation of their constitutional rights. For Jumaat, while the Court of
Appeal upheld Jumaat’s conviction without relying on the presumptions that are
now being challenged, the High Court did come to its decision by using the
presumptions (Jumaat at [82]). In Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General [2012] 4 SLR
476 at [115], the Court of Appeal held that sufficiency of interest is prima
facie made out once there is a violation of constitutional rights. There is no
need for a subsisting prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law for
this prima facie sufficiency of interest to arise (at [110]):

At the same time, and for the avoidance of doubt, we state conclusively that
we also reject the proposition that a subsisting prosecution under an
allegedly unconstitutional law must be demonstrated in every case before a
violation of constitutional rights can be shown. A law is either
constitutional or it is not. The effects of a law can be felt without a
prosecution, and to insist that an applicant needs to face a prosecution under
the law in question before he can challenge its constitutionality could have
the perverse effect of encouraging criminal behaviour to test constitutional
issues. Even though a violation of constitutional rights may be most clearly
shown where there is a subsisting prosecution under an allegedly
unconstitutional law, we find that a violation may also be established in the
absence of a subsisting prosecution. In certain cases, the very existence of
an allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books may suffice to show a
violation of an applicant’s constitutional rights.

25 In my judgment, the claimants possess sufficient interest in the subject
matter for the purposes of obtaining permission for judicial review. The
difficulties with their application lie elsewhere.

Is there an arguable or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion?

26 The claimants’ arguments involve three related concepts: the presumptions
under s 18 of the MDA, Arts 9 and 12 of the Constitution, and the presumption
of innocence. These concepts may be analysed through the lens of the following
three issues:

(a) the effect and ambit of the s 18 MDA presumptions;

(b) their relationship with Arts 2, 9 and 12 of the Constitution; and

(c) how the presumption of innocence interacts with the provisions above.

Effect and ambit of the s 18 MDA presumptions

27 Section 18(1) of the MDA provides:

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his or her possession or
custody or under his or her control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

is presumed, until the contrary is proved, to have had that drug in his or her
possession.

28 Section 18(2) provides that:

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
or her possession is presumed, until the contrary is proved, to have known the
nature of that drug. [emphasis added]

29 It is not disputed that these presumptions impose a legal burden of proof
on the defendant once the facts triggering them have been proved by the
prosecution. As the Court of Appeal explained in Obeng Comfort v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633 (“Obeng Comfort”) at [34], s 18(1) lists certain
things which, if the accused is proved to be in possession, control or custody
of them, give rise to a presumption that he was in possession of a controlled
drug. This is a presumption of fact. The accused, by virtue of his possession
of that thing, is presumed to have in his possession the drugs which are
contained in or related to that thing. To rebut this presumption, the accused
has to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he did not have the
controlled drug within his possession.

30 Where the accused has either been proven to have the controlled drug in his
possession, or been presumed under s 18(1) to have had the controlled drug in
his possession and such presumption not been rebutted, s 18(2) contains a
presumption that he had knowledge of the nature of the drug. In the same vein
as the presumption under s 18(1), the accused must prove on a balance of
probabilities that he did not have knowledge of the nature of the controlled
drug in order to rebut this presumption: Obeng Comfort at [36].

31 With the reversal of the burden of proof, where the presumptions operate,
it is not sufficient for the accused to raise a reasonable doubt: Masoud
Rahimi bin Mehrzad v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 257
(“Masoud Rahimi”) at [42]. It does not suffice to simply deny knowledge or by
suggest that one was indifferent as to the nature of the drugs: Munusamy
Ramarmurth v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGCA 70 at [43]–[44]. The Court of
Appeal explained the practical effect of the presumptions as follows in Public
Prosecutor v Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015] SGCA 33 (“Ilechukwu”) at
[32]:

Since s 18(2) of the MDA has been triggered, the legal burden has shifted to
the Respondent. It is not sufficient for the Respondent to merely raise a
“reasonable doubt” vis-à-vis the issue of knowledge (see eg, Iwuchukwu Amara
Tochi v PP [2006] 2 SLR(R) 503 at [9]). Further, as Chan Sek Keong CJ pointed
out in Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor [2011] 4 SLR 1156
(at [23]), “[t]he material issue in s18(2) of the MDA is not the existence of
the accused’s knowledge of the controlled drug, but the non-existence of such
knowledge on his part” (emphasis in original).

32 In context, the court is cognisant of the inherent difficulties that the
accused faces in having to prove a negative, and has made clear that “the
burden on an accused person to rebut a presumption which operates against him
should not be so onerous that it becomes virtually impossible to discharge”:
Muhammad Nabill bin Mohd Fuad v Public Prosecutor [2020] 1 SLR 984 (“Nabill”)
at [92], citing Gopu Jaya Raman v Public Prosecutor [2018] 1 SLR 499 at [2]
and [24]. In respect of s 18(1), the presumption could be rebutted by showing
that the accused did not know that the thing in issue (such as the premises or
the container) contained the drugs: Obeng Comfort at [35]. In the case of s
18(2), the presumption could be rebutted by an accused proving that he
genuinely believed he was carrying something innocuous, or that he was
carrying a different controlled drug: Masoud Rahimi at [55].

33 In Zainal bin Hamad v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR
1119 (“Zainal”) at [46], the Court of Appeal emphasised that s 18(2) operates
as an ancillary provision to s 18(1), in that the prosecution may rely on s 18
to invoke presumptions of both possession and knowledge of what the accused is
in possession of:

We emphasise, in particular, the fact that the statutory scheme of the MDA
makes clear that s 18(2) is to operate as an ancillary provision to s 18(1),
in the sense that where an accused is in physical control of an object, the
Prosecution may rely on s 18 as a whole to invoke a presumption of possession
and also of knowledge of what it is that the accused is in possession of.
Further, s 18, as a whole, stands apart from s 17 in the sense that it is an
entirely separate section and deals with the distinct issue of knowing
possession. We add that Parliament has framed s 18(2) in terms that it may be
invoked whether the fact of possession is proved or presumed.

The express words of s 18(2) allow for what the claimants describe as the
stacking of presumption upon presumption, and that Parliamentary intention was
recognised in Zainal.

34 Therefore, the effect of the presumptions, as set out in the claimants’
submissions, is not controversial. In particular, the presumptions in ss 18(1)
and (2) may be used together; they impose a legal burden on the defence; and
this could result in a conviction where reasonable doubt arises on specific
elements that are the subject of the presumptions. To obtain the relief they
seek, the claimants must show that this is impermissible under Arts 9 and 12
of the Constitution.

Ambit of Articles 2, 9 and 12 of the Constitution

35 The claimants rely on Arts 2, 9 and 12 of the Constitution. Arts 9 and 12
both make references to “law”. I first deal with Art 2 which reads:

“law” includes written law and any legislation of the United Kingdom or other
enactment or instrument whatsoever which is in operation in Singapore and the
common law in so far as it is in operation in Singapore and any custom or
usage having the force of law in Singapore;

36 While the definition of “law” in Art 2 refers to UK legislation and common
law, it only includes UK legislation or common law which is in operation in
Singapore. The only UK law that is in operation in Singapore is the common law
of England in so far as it was a part of Singapore law before 12 November 1993
by virtue of s 3(1) of the Application of English Law Act 1993 (2020 Rev Ed).
Lambert, which the claimants rely on, was decided in 2002 and does not fall
within Art 2.

37 I turn then to Arts 9 and 12.

38 Art 9(1) of the Constitution provides:

9.—(1) No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in
accordance with law.

The words “in accordance with law” have been interpreted to go beyond the
formal validity of a statute. In Tan Seng Kee v Attorney–General and other
appeals [2022] 1 SLR 1347 (“Tan Seng Kee”), the Court of Appeal summarised the
requirements from various cases as the following (at [254]):

(a) A statute must comply with the fundamental rules of natural justice which
are procedural rights aimed at securing a fair trial.

(b) A statute cannot be colourable legislation, such as legislation directed
at securing the conviction of particular individuals.

(c) A statute cannot be absurd or arbitrary.

(d) A statute cannot be contrary to the rule of law.

Art 12(1) provides that:

12.—(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

39 The claimants have not suggested that the MDA provisions are absurd or
arbitrary. Nor are they saying that the provisions are directed at securing
the conviction of particular individuals. Instead, the claimants focus on the
presumption of innocence as a rule of natural justice, and make the argument
that the presumptions in the MDA derogate from the right to a fair trial. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CWS at paras 15 and 32.

The question is therefore whether ss 18(1) and (2) offend any fundamental rule
of natural justice.

40 In this regard, I note that the claimants’ reliance on Art 12(1) is
therefore misplaced. Although Art 12 was raised in Ong Ah Chuan (see [21], Ong
Ah Chuan), it was explained more recently by the High Court in Tan Eng Hong v
Attorney-General [2013] 4 SLR 1059 at [28], that it is not correct to import
into the word “law” in Art 12(1) the requirement that law is in accordance
with the fundamental rules of natural justice. The relevant test for
contravention of Art 12(1) is the “reasonable classification” test, and this
test is only engaged if an impugned statute is discriminatory in the first
place: Lim Meng Suang and another v Attorney-General and another appeal and
another matter [2015] 1 SLR 26 at [57]. The claimants have not suggested that
ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the MDA are discriminatory and their case is focused
solely on the fundamental rules of natural justice. I therefore do not
consider Art 12(1) further.

41 Coming then to Art 9 and the requirement that a statute must comply with
the fundamental rules of natural justice. Ong Ah Chuan is on point.

42 In Ong Ah Chuan, the Privy Council considered the previous iteration of s
17 of the MDA, which provided that an accused person would be presumed to have
had controlled drugs in his possession for the purpose of trafficking if it
was proven that he was in possession of more than a specified quantity of
controlled drugs. The appellants’ arguments closely resembled those of the
claimants in the present case (at [21]):

The appellants’ argument may be stated shortly. This statutory presumption, it
is said, is in conflict with what their counsel termed the “presumption of
innocence”; this is a fundamental human right protected by the Constitution
and cannot be limited or diminished by any Act of Parliament which has not
been passed by the majority of votes necessary under Art 5 for an amendment to
the Constitution. The “presumption of innocence”, it is contended, although
nowhere expressly referred to in the Constitution, is imported into it by Art
9(1) which provides:

No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance
with law.

and by Art 12(1) …

43 The Privy Council first concluded (at [26]) that “the law” in Art 9(1)
referred to:

… a system of law which incorporates those fundamental rules of natural
justice that had formed part and parcel of the common law of England that was
in operation in Singapore at the commencement of the Constitution …

44 Lord Diplock dealt with the presumption of innocence at [27]:

One of the fundamental rules of natural justice in the field of criminal law
is that a person should not be punished for an offence unless it has been
established to the satisfaction of an independent and unbiased tribunal that
he committed it. This involves the tribunal’s being satisfied that all the
physical and mental elements of the offence with which he is charged, conduct
and state of mind as well where that is relevant, were present on the part of
the accused. To describe this fundamental rule as the “presumption of
innocence” may, however, be misleading to those familiar only with English
criminal procedure…

Remarking that the technical rules of evidence and permitted modes of proof of
facts as they stood in England at the time the Constitution may be
inappropriate in Singapore, Lord Diplock’s conclusion on the fundamental rules
of natural justice was as follows:

… What fundamental rules of natural justice do require is that there should be
material before the court that is logically probative of facts sufficient to
constitute the offence with which the accused is charged.

45 In the context of the equivalent of s 17 of the MDA, Lord Diplock stated at
[28]:

In a crime of specific intent where the difference between it and some lesser
offence is the particular purpose with which an act, in itself unlawful, was
done, in their Lordships’ view it borders on the fanciful to suggest that a
law offends against some fundamental rule of natural justice because it
provides that upon the Prosecution proving that certain acts consistent with
that purpose and in themselves unlawful were done by the accused, the court
shall infer that they were in fact done for that purpose unless there is
evidence adduced which on the balance of probabilities suffices to displace
the inference. The purpose with which he did an act is peculiarly within the
knowledge of the accused. There is nothing unfair in requiring him to satisfy
the court that he did the acts for some less heinous purpose if such be the
fact. Presumptions of this kind are a common feature of modern legislation
concerning the possession and use of things that present danger to society
like addictive drugs, explosives, arms and ammunition. [emphasis added]

46 To summarise, then, the Privy Council in Ong Ah Chuan held that the
equivalent of s 17 of the MDA, being a statutory presumption which, upon proof
of certain facts, shifted the burden of proof to the accused and could be
rebutted on a balance of probabilities, was not contrary to Art 9(1) of the
Constitution. What the Constitution requires is that a person should not be
punished for an offence until it has been established to the satisfaction of
an independent and unbiased tribunal that he committed an offence, and that
there is material before the tribunal that is logically probative of facts
sufficient to constitute the offence.

47 The claimants have not suggested that there is any difference between the
presumption held to be constitutionally valid in Ong Ah Chuan and the
presumptions which are the subject of this application. As is clear from the
discussion on ss 18(1) and 18(2) at [29]–[30] above, the presumptions only
operate when there is material logically probative of either possession or
knowledge before the court. This material would be the evidence produced by
the prosecution to prove, beyond reasonable doubt, the fact giving rise to the
presumption, such as the fact that the accused was in possession of a
container which contained controlled drugs. Sections 18(1) and 18(2) therefore
comply with the rule stated in Ong Ah Chuan. It is also important that the
Privy Council expressly considered the fact that the relevant presumption
could only be rebutted on the balance of probabilities (at [28]). In this
context, while the claimants emphasise caution in the cumulative use of ss
18(1) and (2), stacked one atop the other as the claimants put it, the Court
of Appeal in Zainal expressly sanctioned this at [46], referencing
Parliamentary intent. While Zainal did not consider the express question of
Art 9, testing the use of the two complementary presumptions against the tests
propounded in Ong Ah Chuan or in the more recent case of Tan Seng Kee at [254]
(see [38] above) does not impose any difficulty.

The presumption of innocence

48 Therefore, what the claimants seek to do by the declarations pursued, is to
seek leave to return to the argument in Ong Ah Chuan, which Lord Diplock
summarised at [21] (see [42] above) and framed as misleading at [27] (see [44]
above). The fundamental rules of natural justice are “an evolving concept”
(see Tan Eng Hong v AG [2013] 4 SLR 133 at [32]; Haw Tua Tau v PP [1981] –
[1982] SLR(R) 133 at [26]). The claimants seek now to raise the argument that
the presumption of innocence is a fundamental rule of natural justice,
premised on various local and foreign cases decided after Ong Ah Chuan.

49 The claimants’ case centres on the proposition that the presumption of
innocence requires the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt each
element of an offence. Therefore, it is violated so long as an accused can be
convicted despite the existence of a reasonable doubt. They rely on Oakes,
where Dickson CJ held at [57] that:

… a provision which requires an accused to disprove on a balance of
probabilities the existence of a presumed fact, which is an important element
of the offence in question, violates the presumption of innocence … If an
accused bears the burden of disproving on a balance of probabilities an
essential element of an offence, it would be possible for a conviction to
occur despite the existence of a reasonable doubt. This would arise if the
accused adduced sufficient evidence to raise a reasonable doubt as to his or
her innocence but did not convince the jury on a balance of probabilities that
the presumed fact was untrue.

50 In this context, the AG’s answer to the issue is that the presumptions are
only presumptions of fact, and it remains the prosecution’s burden to prove
the case, as a whole, beyond a reasonable doubt. In my view, this contention
does not engage with the specific argument raised by the claimants, which is
that the existence of a legal burden on an accused makes it possible for a
conviction to occur despite the existence of a reasonable doubt on an element
of the offence. The fact being presumed under s 18(1) is possession of a
controlled drug, and the fact being presumed under s 18(2) is knowledge of the
nature of a controlled drug. These facts are essential elements pertaining to
the mens rea of the offence of drug trafficking.

51 The possibility that a reasonable doubt may exist on an element of an
offence where a statutory presumption was applicable in securing a conviction
was explicitly accepted in the Court of Appeal decisions of Masoud Rahimi and
Ilechukwu: see [31] above. Illustration may be made by reference to Ramesh a/l
Perumal v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1003 (“Ramesh”),
where the accused (“Ramesh”), was arrested while in possession of a bag
containing diamorphine (“D1”) which he had received from someone else
(“Chander”). Ramesh argued that he did not know the contents of D1. He claimed
he thought D1 contained office documents, passed to him for safekeeping, and
that he was to return to Chander later that day. Chander, on the other hand,
gave evidence that Ramesh was to deliver the bundles within D1 to a recipient
in Bedok. On appeal, Ramesh admitted to opening D1 and handling one of the
four bundles inside, although he was unsure of what was inside the bundles.
The Prosecution relied on the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA to
establish that Ramesh had knowledge of the nature of the drugs that were in
D1. On the evidence, the Court of Appeal accepted that it was reasonably
plausible that Ramesh did not know the precise contents of the bundles, and
that therefore it was not proven beyond reasonable doubt that he had knowledge
of the nature of the drugs. However, because Ramesh’s explanation that he
thought D1 contained office documents was wholly unsustainable in light of his
admission that he had opened D1 and saw that it contained four bundles, he was
unable to rebut the s 18(2) presumption and the element of knowledge was still
made out (at [69]–[70]).

52 In none of these cases was Art 9 explicitly raised or considered. The point
that the claimants introduce in this case is that of the relationship between
the presumption of innocence and Art 9. I first analyse the presumption of
innocence, how it is conceptualised in Singapore and elsewhere, before dealing
with it in the context of Art 9.

Local cases on the presumption of innocence

53 The claimants contend, and it is not disputed, that the presumption of
innocence is fundamental to the criminal justice system in Singapore. In AOF v
Public Prosecutor [2002] 3 SLR 34, the Court of Appeal held at [314] that:

It cannot be overemphasised that the need to convict an accused person (such
as the Appellant) based on the standard of proof beyond a reasonable doubt is
– as pointed out above – a time-honoured and integral part of our criminal
justice system (and, to the best of our knowledge, all other criminal justice
systems as well).

The Court of Appeal then went on to cite V K Rajah J’s (as he then was)
remarks in Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45
(“Jagatheesan”) at [58]–[60]. Rajah J described the presumption of innocence
as “a central and fundamental moral assumption in criminal law” and explained
at [59] that:

That threshold below which society will not condone a conviction or allow for
the presumption of innocence to be displaced is the line between reasonable
doubt and mere doubt. Adherence to this presumption also means that the trial
judge should not supplement gaps in the Prosecution’s case. If indeed gaps in
the evidence should prevail so that the trial judge feels it is necessary to
fill them to satisfy himself that the Prosecution’s burden of proof has been
met, then the accused simply cannot be found legally guilty. In short, the
presumption of innocence has not been displaced. [emphasis added]

54 At issue is the relationship between statutory presumptions relating to the
factual elements of an offence and the presumption of innocence. Of relevance
is that Rajah J in the extract above pinpointed “gaps” in the prosecution’s
case; statutory presumptions, on the other hand, operate to obviate such gaps.
Statutory presumptions were also an assumed component of the landscape in
Rajah JA’s remarks in XP v Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 686 at [90],
where he described the presumption of innocence as “the cornerstone of the
criminal justice system and the bedrock of the law of evidence”. At [91],
citing the English Court of Criminal Appeal in R v Dennis Patrick Murtagh and
Kenneth Kennedy (1955) 39 Cr App R 72 at 83, when he stated that it is “not
for the accused to establish their innocence” he added: “save of course in
certain special circumstances expressly mandated by Parliament” [emphasis
added].

55 Public Prosecutor v GCK and another matter [2020] 1 SLR 486 (“GCK”) is
especially instructive. There, the Court of Appeal described the presumption
of innocence as “the very foundation of criminal law” (at [126]). At [129], it
stated the general rule:

The principle of proof beyond a reasonable doubt is simply that upon a
consideration of all the evidence presented by the Prosecution and/or the
Defence, the evidence must be sufficient to establish beyond a reasonable
doubt each and every element of the offence with which the accused person is
charged: see Jagatheesan at [48]. [emphasis added]

56 After stating this general premise, the judgment discusses legal and
evidential burdens. It does not discuss the situation where a legal burden may
be placed on the accused. Notwithstanding this, at [134] and [135], Sundaresh
Menon CJ discusses how reasonable doubt may arise:

134 In our judgment, the principle of proof beyond a reasonable doubt can also
be usefully conceptualised in two ways. First, a reasonable doubt may arise
from within the case mounted by the Prosecution. To be clear, the term “within
the case mounted by the Prosecution” should not be confused with the term “at
the close of the Prosecution’s case”. The latter was articulated by the Privy
Counsel in Haw Tua Tau and others v Public Prosecutor [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133
(“Haw Tua Tau”), and is now statutorily codified in s 230(1)(j) of the CPC. It
involves the procedural task of calling upon the accused person to give his
defence. This takes place when the court is satisfied that there is some
evidence which is not inherently incredible that satisfies every element of
the charge. On the other hand, the former term proof beyond a reasonable doubt
“within the case mounted by the Prosecution” denotes the evaluative task of
considering all of the evidence adduced by the Prosecution at each stage of
the proceedings.

135 Second, a reasonable doubt may arise on the totality of the evidence. As
we shall explain further in this judgment, the totality of the evidence
necessarily includes a holistic assessment of both the Prosecution’s and the
Defence’s cases, and the interactions between the two …

57 GCK did not involve the use of any statutory presumptions. Nevertheless,
the Court of Appeal’s two conceptualisations implicitly allow for such
presumptions to be accommodated within the analytical frame. As a logical
matter, and as cases show, statutory presumptions may be used in tandem with
the analysis elucidated in [134] and [135].

58 In particular, in Nabill, the Court of Appeal discussed GCK in the context
of presumptions contained in ss 17 and 18(2) of the MDA. It held, at [69],
that the specific facts of the case squarely engaged the Prosecution’s
evidential burden to adduce sufficient evidence to rebut a defence raised by
the accused that had properly come into issue. In particular, in relation to
the second charge concerning a trolley bag containing cannabis where the
Prosecution relied on s 18(2) of the MDA to establish the accused’s knowledge
of the cannabis, the appellant contended that he had been told by the person
who left the trolley bag in his storeroom that the bag contained cigarettes.
The Court of Appeal found on the facts, at [146], that there was no reason to
disbelieve Nabill’s defence, and at [157], held that this shifted the
evidential burden to the Prosecution. As no evidence had been led by the
Prosecution to discharge that burden, the appellant was held to have rebutted
the presumption. The appellant was acquitted of the second charge.

59 The Court of Appeal further reiterated in Roshdi bin Abdullah Altway v
Public Prosecutor and another matter [2022] 1 SLR 535 (“Roshdi”) that where
the legal burden is on the accused, as it was in Nabill in respect of
knowledge, the accused’s evidential burden is to point to evidence that is
capable of proving the existence of the relevant facts on the balance of
probabilities (at [79]–[80]), in line with principles that were “well settled
and entirely in line with the established law set out in GCK at [129]–[149]
(at [82]). The accused in Nabill succeeded in rebutting the presumption under
s 18(2) of the MDA because his defence had properly come into issue, and on
the totality of the evidence before the court, he had discharged his burden to
the requisite standard of proof (see [86], Roshdi).

60 Nabill concerned s 18(2) of the MDA. Public Prosecutor v Sugianto bin Pardi
and another [1994] 1 SLR(R) 865 (“Sugianto”) discloses a similar factual
scenario in relation to s 18(1) of the MDA. In this case, the trial judge
accepted, on the balance of probabilities, the accused’s explanation as to why
he had no knowledge of drugs contained in a suitcase for which he was in legal
possession.

61 Putting Nabill, Sugianto and Ramesh side by side with [134] and [135] of
GCK explains how the presumption of innocence informs the concept of
reasonable doubt where statutory presumptions are engaged. In GCK at [134],
the Court of Appeal defined proof beyond a reasonable doubt “within the case
mounted by the Prosecution” to denote “the evaluative task of considering all
of the evidence adduced by the Prosecution at each stage of the proceedings”.
GCK at [135] concerned a holistic assessment of the prosecution and Defence’s
cases. Once the prosecution has proved the facts necessary to raise a
presumption, if an accused raises a bare assertion or makes an unsustainable
contention, such as Ramesh did in relation to D1, neither [134] nor [135] of
GCK is engaged. The prosecution does not in such a case bear the legal burden
on the issue of knowledge (and it has thus proved all it is required to prove
in the GCK at [134] sense). Nor did Ramesh raise a doubt in relation to D1 on
the totality of the evidence in the GCK at [135] sense, because at that stage
weaknesses in the defence may be considered (see GCK at [144]). Thus, at [70]
of Ramesh, the Court of Appeal found the accused’s case unsustainable. The
onus is on the accused to explain and he has failed to do so. In contrast, in
cases where the accused has raised an explanation acceptable to the court as
to why he had no knowledge or possession (in Sugianto, for example), doubt
arises in the GCK at [135] sense. In Nabill, the Prosecution failed to call
material witnesses. There, the Prosecution proved what was within its legal
burden to prove, but failed to meet its evidential burden on the particular
defence raised in respect of the rebuttable presumption. Knowledge of the
nature of the drugs was also incompatible with the accused’s explanation as to
his belief that the bag contained cigarettes. Reasonable doubt in both the
ways described at [134] and [135] of GCK was present.

62 When analysed with granularity, therefore, the presumption of innocence is
an encapsulation of guiding principle, which the Court of Appeal has shown to
be consistent with the use of statutory presumptions. While stated as a
presumption, it defines an approach, and this approach does not necessitate
that the legal burden should be applied in a literal-minded manner to each
element of an offence. Its various descriptions reflect its nature:
“cornerstone … bedrock” (XP at [90]), “a necessary hallmark of any criminal
justice system” (AOF at [315]), and “a central and fundamental moral
assumption in criminal law” (Jagatheesan at [59]). In a common law
jurisdiction where law evolves over time in a continued search for justice,
such guiding principles are treasured directional markers. The common law and
written law particular to the case must guide the specific steps to be taken.
In the same way, it is the underlying approach of the common law that the
prosecution must prove each and every element of the offence. This carries an
assumption that mens rea must be proved in each case. Nevertheless, this does
not mean that, when Parliament defines an offence, it cannot expect an accused
person, in specified circumstances, to explain how it is that he asserts he
has no knowledge of what was found in his possession. The role of the courts,
in this context, has been aptly delineated by the Court of Appeal in Tan Seng
Kee at [11]:

… It is incontrovertible that the doctrine of the separation of powers is part
of the basic structure of the Westminster constitutional model that Singapore
adopts. Constitutions based on the Westminster model incorporate this doctrine
so as to diffuse state power amongst different organs of State (see Mohammad
Faizal bin Sabtu v Public Prosecutor [2012] 4 SLR 947 … at [11]–[12]). It
follows from this doctrine that the court must refrain from trespassing onto
what is properly the territory of Parliament.

63 This position is not at all surprising nor is it autochthonous. Viscount
Sankey’s famous description in Woolmington rests on the same premise. At p
481, he incorporates the statutory exception as a veritable part of the golden
thread, and highlights that reasonable doubt is to be considered at the end of
and on a holistic assessment of the case:

Throughout the web of English Criminal Law one golden thread is always to be
seen, that it is the duty of the prosecution to prove the prisoner’s guilt
subject to what I have already said as to the defence of insanity and subject
also to any statutory exception. If, at the end of and on the whole of the
case, there is a reasonable doubt, created by the evidence given by either the
prosecution or the prisoner, … the prosecution has not made out the case and
the prisoner is entitled to an acquittal. No matter what the charge or where
the trial, the principle that the prosecution must prove the guilt of the
prisoner is part of the common law of England and not attempt to whittle it
down can be entertained … [emphasis added]

64 In Sweet v Parsley [1970] AC 132 (“Sweet v Parsley”), Lord Reid put the
Woolmington perspective alongside the use of statutory presumptions in the
following way at p 150:

Parliament has not infrequently transferred the onus as regards mens rea to
the accused, so that, once the necessary facts are proved, he must convince
the jury that on balance of probabilities he is innocent of any criminal
intention. I find it a little surprising that more use has not been made of
the method: but one of the bad effects of the decision of this House in
Woolmington v Director of Public Prosecutions [1935] A.C. 462 may have been to
discourage its use. [emphasis added]

65 Professor Andrew Ashworth, in Four Threats To The Presumption of Innocence,
(2006) IJEP 10 4 (241) states (at p 2), “[f]rom the fact that the presumption
of innocence finds a place in every known human rights document, it may be
assumed that it is one of the least controversial rights. Its scope and
meaning are, however, eminently contestable”. He posits (at p 5) that the
presumption of innocence “is not a factual presumption”, but rather, “a moral
and political principle, based on a widely shared conception of how a free
society (as distinct from an authoritarian society) should exercise the power
to punish”. It would follow, from this assertion, that each free society would
choose the specific way to implement and protect the principle in keeping with
its own social mores. It is in this context that the English, Hong Kong and
Canadian cases which the claimants seek to rely upon should be examined.

Foreign cases cited by the claimants

66 The claimants rely on the Canadian case of Oakes, the English case of
Lambert, and the Hong Kong case Hung Chan Wa. Each is best explained in
accordance with its statutory framework. Each is also a useful illustration of
Prof Ashworth’s point (at p 9 of Four Threats To The Presumption of Innocence)
that, “[i]n no system of human or constitutional rights is the presumption of
innocence regarded as absolute”.

67 The Canadian and English statutory frameworks impose a two-step test: (a)
whether the presumption of innocence is derogated from; and (b) whether that
derogation is permissible.

68 In Oakes, the Supreme Court of Canada found that s 8 of the Narcotic
Control Act, a provision similar to s 17 of the MDA, constituted a “reverse
onus” clause and held it to be unconstitutional because it violated the
presumption of innocence entrenched in s 11(d) of the Canadian Charter of
Rights and Freedoms (the “Canadian Charter”). Section 11(d) of the Canadian
Charter provides that any person charged with an offence has the right:

to be presumed innocent until proven guilty according to law in a fair and
public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal.

Section 1 of the Canadian Charter provides that:

The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms guarantees the rights and freedoms
set out in it subject only to such reasonable limits prescribed by law as can
be demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society. [emphasis added]

69 Thus, the court in Oakes had to first determine whether s 8 of the
Narcotics Control Act placed a “limit” on the right contained in s 11(d) of
the Canadian Charter. It considered that s 11(d) “constitutionally entrenches
the presumption of innocence as part of the supreme law of Canada” (at [27]),
and that a provision which requires an accused to disprove on a balance of
probabilities an element of an offence violates the presumption of innocence
(at [57]). The court then went on to consider whether the limit placed by s 8
of the Narcotics Control Act on the presumption of innocence was “reasonable
and demonstrably justified” within the meaning of s 1 of the Canadian Charter
(at [62]–[79]). In Lambert, an appellant brought an appeal against his
conviction, arguing that a presumption contained in the Misuse of Drugs Act
1971 (“UK MDA”), that was similar to s 18 MDA, was contrary to s 3(1) of the
Human Rights Act 1998 (the “HRA”), which imported Art 6(2) of the European
Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (the
“Convention”). Section 3(1) of the HRA provides:

So far as it is possible to do so, primary legislation and subordinate
legislation must be read and given effect in a way which is compatible with
the Convention rights.

Of relevance is the fact that one of the two grounds on which the appeal was
dismissed (with Lord Steyn dissenting on this aspect) was that the appellant’s
conviction was secured before the date the HRA was in force. This illustrates
how pivotal s 3(1) of the HRA was to the reasoning which the claimants rely
on.

70 By virtue of s 3(1) of the HRA, the court is charged by statute to “read”
and give effect to legislation in a manner consonant with the Convention.
Article 6(2) of the Convention states:

Everyone charged with a criminal offence shall be presumed innocent until
proved guilty according to law.

71 In accordance with this mandate, Lord Steyn first considered that the
relevant section of the UK MDA constituted a legislative interference with the
presumption of innocence that was protected by Art 6(2) of the Convention (at
[35]). At [34], Lord Steyn acknowledged that “in a constitutional democracy
limited inroads on the presumption of innocence may be justified”. In this
regard, he adopted the approach of the European Court of Human Rights in
Salabiaku v France (1988) 13 EHRR 379 (“Salabiaku”), where it held at [28]:

Presumptions of fact or of law operate in every legal system. Clearly, the
Convention does not prohibit such presumptions in principle. It does, however,
require the contracting states to remain within certain limits in this respect
as regards criminal law … Article 6(2) does not therefore regard presumptions
of fact or of law provided for in the criminal law with indifference. It
requires states to confine them within reasonable limits which take into
account the importance of what is at stake and maintain the rights of the
defence.

72 Lord Steyn went on to consider whether the UK MDA’s interference with the
presumption of innocence was justified and proportionate (at [36]–[41]) and
ultimately concluded that the provision of the UK MDA had to be read as
imposing only an evidential burden on the accused in order to be compatible
with the Convention (at [41]). As the conviction would have been inevitable
even if the judge had directed the jury accordingly, this formed an additional
reason for the House of Lords to dismiss the appeal (at [43]).

73 Lord Hutton’s dissenting judgment is pertinent. Contrary to the majority,
Lord Hutton took the view that the imposition of a legal burden did not
violate Art 6(2) of the Convention, and it was a proportionate means to an
end. After citing the cases of R v Warner [1969] 2 AC 256 and Sweet v Parsley,
Lord Hutton concluded at [197]–[198]:

My Lords, when judges of such eminence considered that transferring the burden
of proof in relation to knowledge would not result in an unfair trial to the
defendant, I consider that 30 years later when the problem has not changed
there is no reason for this House to take a different view. Section 2 of the
1998 Act now requires the House in determining a question which has arisen in
connection with a Convention right to take into account judgments of the
European Court and decisions of the European Commission, but in my opinion the
judgments and decisions to which I have referred provide no basis for the view
that under the jurisprudence of the European Court the transfer of the onus of
proof as to knowledge in drugs cases would constitute a violation of article
6(2).

Therefore my conclusion is that the difficulty in some cases of convicting
those guilty of the crime of possession of a controlled drug with intent to
supply, if the burden of proving knowledge beyond a reasonable doubt rests on
the prosecution, is not resolved by placing an evidential burden on the
defendant, and that it is necessary to impose a persuasive burden as section
28(2) and (3) does. I further consider that the transfer of the onus satisfies
the test that it has a legitimate aim in the public interest and that there is
a reasonable relationship of proportionality between the means employed and
the aim sought to be realised. Accordingly I am of the opinion that sub-
section 28(2) and (3) does not violate art 6(2) and I am in full agreement
with the Court of Appeal on this issue.

[emphasis added]

74 Lambert may therefore be summed up as follows. But for s 3(1) of the HRA,
the majority would not have embarked on the inquiry. Further, in the context
of considering Art 6(2) of the Convention, Lord Hutton was of the view that
the legal burdens were consonant with the presumption of innocence.

75 In Hung Chan Wa, the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal (“HKCFA”) held that
two provisions of the Dangerous Drugs Ordinance imposed only evidential
burdens on accused persons. The accepted position prior to this decision was
that the provisions imposed legal burdens. The two provisions in question are
identical to ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the MDA. The HKCFA held that the
presumptions “[derogated] from the presumption of innocence and consequently
the right to the fair trial”, applying the approach of HKSAR v Lam Kwong Wai
and another [2006] HKCU 1465 (“Lam Kwong Wai”). The relevant constitutional
provisions are set out in Lam Kwong Wai at [20]. Article 87(2) of the Basic
Law provides that “[a]nyone who is lawfully arrested shall have the right to a
fair trial by the judicial organs without delay and shall be presumed innocent
until convicted by the judicial organs”. Article 11(1) of the Hong Kong Bill
of Rights provides that “[e]veryone charged with a criminal offence shall have
the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law”. After
concluding that reverse onus provisions derogate from the presumption of
innocence and the right to a fair trial (at [74]), the Hong Kong Court of
Final Appeal in Hung Chan Wa undertook an inquiry similar to that taken in
Lambert, at [75]–[85]. This arose from the court’s acknowledgement in Lam
Kwong Wai that, although the rights to a fair trial and to be presumed
innocent until proven guilty were expressed in absolute terms and not subject
to explicit exceptions or qualifications, the presumption of innocence was not
an absolute right and was capable of derogation where the derogation was
justified (at [21]).

76 What we see in these other approaches is that, where the relevant
constitutional statute entrenches the presumption of innocence, it has
furnished a balancing counterpoint within the remit of the courts. In Canada
and England, that counterpoint is provided in the same statute that guarantees
the presumption. The presumption of innocence cannot be applied in an
unfiltered, literal-minded method. The legislature specifically granted the
courts the power to articulate the balance. In Hong Kong, the presumption of
innocence was entrenched in the Basic Law without a balancing measure, and the
courts saw a need to read into the law such a measure. Art 9 contains neither,
as in England and Canada, a statutory framework where the judiciary is
specifically charged to maintain the balance, nor, as in Hong Kong, a
provision whose width requires the intervention of the courts. These positions
illustrate the points made at [62] and [65] above. The varied statutory
interpretations in Lambert further reflect Professor Ashworth’s view that no
system of law regards the presumption of innocence “as absolute”, its scope is
“eminently contestable”; its interpretation reflects societal values.

77 In GCK the Court of Appeal explained how the presumption of innocence is
interpreted through the concept of reasonable doubt. Nabill and Roshdi further
illustrate how the legal burdens imposed on an accused by ss 18(1) and (2) of
the MDA are rationalised within the context of reasonable doubt. The reversal
of the legal burden of proof on specific factual elements of an offence – and
accordingly, a conviction on the offence despite the existence of reasonable
doubt on the specified factual elements – sits appropriately within the Art 9
concept and system of “law” set out in Ong Ah Chuan and more recently summed
up in Tan Seng Kee. This is because, as the “bedrock” and “cornerstone” of our
criminal law, the presumption of innocence is not a mechanistic formula but a
fundamental guiding principle that finds expression through technical rules.
These technical rules are the rules pertaining to the legal and evidential
burdens and the manner in which the prosecution proves a case beyond
reasonable doubt. That the prosecution bears the burden of proving its case
beyond reasonable doubt “provides concrete substance for the presumption of
innocence”: Winship, In re 397 US 578 at 363, referred to in Jagatheesan at
[59]. The presumption of innocence, viewed in this light, is a hallowed thread
that has been woven into the fabric of our laws.

Conclusion

78 I dismiss the application for permission. The application was filed outside
of the requisite three-month period, it is a collateral attack on the
claimants’ criminal convictions, and there is no arguable case that Arts 9(1)
and 12(1) of the Constitution have been infringed. Parties are to write in
regarding the issue of costs within 14 days of today.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
The claimants in person;

Hay Hung Chun, Claire Poh, Theong Li Han and Chong Ee Hsiun (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Nov 2022 (12:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

