Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 54

Suit No 636 of 2020 (Summons No 5185 of 2021)

Between

| Wang Xiaopu  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| (1) Koh Mui Lee (2) Goh Ming Yi, Melissa (Wu Mingyi)(3) Goh Keng Meng,
Jeremy (Wu Qingming)  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Evidence — Witnesses — Video Link]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wang Xiaopu

  
v

  

Koh Mui Lee and others

[2022] SGHC 54

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 636 of 2020  
(Summons No 5185 of 2021)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
8 February 2022

11 March 2022

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 While remote hearings have become common during the COVID-19 pandemic, it is
important that we do not lose sight of a fundamental tenet of any judicial
proceeding, that “justice should not only be done, but should manifestly and
undoubtedly be seen to be done”: R v Sussex Justices; Ex parte McCarthy [1924]
1 KB 256 at 259. In that light, notwithstanding the many advantages that a
remote hearing presents, there are often situations that call for a physical
hearing to be held. The present summons before me, which was an application
for leave under s 62A of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”) for a
witness to give evidence via video-link, is one such case.

Background

2 The plaintiff in the present action is Wang Xiaopu (“Wang”). She is a
Chinese national who is ordinarily resident in Guangzhou where she is the
director of Guangdong Marubi Biotechnology Co Ltd (“Marubi”), a China-
incorporated company that is in the business of manufacturing, marketing and
selling facial and skincare products in China. While she has held the status
of a Permanent Resident of Singapore since October 2013, she has never resided
in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions dated 31 January 2022 (“Plaintiff’s Submissions”) at
para 3.

3 Wang had previously sued, and obtained judgment against, a Dr Goh Seng Heng
(“Dr Goh”): Wang Xiaopu v Goh Seng Heng and another [2019] SGHC 284. When the
judgment debt remained unpaid, she commenced the present action against the
three defendants, who are Dr Goh’s family members. She alleged that Dr Goh had
transferred and/or acquired various assets or properties in their names so as
to put them out of reach of his creditors. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 5.

4 On 12 November 2021, Wang filed the present application for leave to give
evidence by way of video link. She argued that the application should be
granted for the following reasons:

(a) She was unable to travel to Singapore because of the uncertain travel
climate, the real and substantial risk of contracting COVID-19 that she would
be exposed to if required to travel to Singapore, and the onerous requirements
she had to fulfil in order to travel from Guangzhou to Singapore. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 13–35.

(b) She would be severely prejudiced if she was made to travel to Singapore to
give evidence. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 36–46.

(c) The defendants would not suffer any prejudice if she were to give evidence
via video-link as they would not be deprived of an opportunity to cross-
examine her and she was, in any case, not a material witness.

5 In response, the defendants argued that the application should be dismissed
for the following reasons:

(a) Wang was not unable, but rather, unwilling to travel to Singapore to
testify in person. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st, 2nd and 3rd Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 5185/2021 dated 31
January 2022 (“Defendants’ Submissions) at paras 20–34.

(b) The defendants would suffer substantial prejudice if Wang was not present
in court for their counsel to cross-examine her. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendants’ Submissions at paras 35–45.

(c) Wang had not proved that there were adequate and sufficient technical
arrangements for her to give evidence via video link from Guangzhou. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendants’ Submissions at paras 46–48.

6 Having heard parties on 8 February 2022, I dismissed the application. I now
provide written grounds for my decision.

The law on giving evidence via video-link

7 The general principle is that a witness must physically be in court to
testify: Anil Singh Gurm v J S Yeh & Co and another [2020] 1 SLR 555 (“Anil
Singh”) at [2]. An exception, however, can be found in s 62A of the EA which
allows the court to grant leave for evidence to be given via video link in
certain situations:

Evidence through live video or live television links

62A.—(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, a person may, with
leave of the court, give evidence through a live video or live television link
in any proceedings, other than proceedings in a criminal matter, if —

(a) the witness is below the age of 18 years;

(b) it is expressly agreed between the parties to the proceedings that
evidence may be so given;

(c) the witness is outside Singapore; or

(d) the court is satisfied that it is expedient in the interests of justice to
do so.

(2) In considering whether to grant leave for a witness outside Singapore to
give evidence by live video or live television link under this section, the
court shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case including the
following:

(a) the reasons for the witness being unable to give evidence in Singapore;

(b) the administrative and technical facilities and arrangements made at the
place where the witness is to give his evidence; and

(c) whether any party to the proceedings would be unfairly prejudiced.

…

(5) The court shall not make an order under this section, or include a
particular provision in such an order, if to do so would be inconsistent with
the court’s duty to ensure that the proceedings are conducted fairly to the
parties to the proceedings.

8 In the present case, s 62A(1)(c) of the EA was satisfied as Wang made the
application on grounds that she was outside of Singapore. In considering
whether leave should be granted, I was required by s 62A(2) of the EA to take
into account all the circumstances of the case. It is to that inquiry that I
now turn.

Whether Wang was unable to travel to Singapore to give evidence

9 Two reasons were advanced in support of the argument that Wang was unable to
travel to Singapore to give evidence. First, the uncertain travel climate
meant that it was uncertain whether she would be able to travel to Singapore
to give evidence at the trial. Second, that requiring her to come to Singapore
to testify would expose her to the substantial risk of catching COVID-19.

10 It was held by the Court of Appeal in Anil Singh, at [30], that s 62A(2)(a)
of the EA does not cover situations where the witness is able to, but
unwilling to, attend proceedings in Singapore. The use of the word “unable”
implies a lack of choice on the witness’s part. Therefore, the reasons given
by Wang for not travelling to Singapore must have related to circumstances
outside her control.

11 I was not satisfied that there were circumstances outside of Wang’s control
that prevented her from travelling to Singapore. While Wang stated in her
affidavit that there were no direct flights between Guangzhou and Singapore
scheduled for late February to early March 2022, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Wang’s 16th Affidavit dated 6 December 2021 (“Wang’s Affidavit”) at para 6.

which was when the trial was to be held, in her written submissions, she noted
that “indirect travel appears to be possible, but in unideal conditions, such
as requiring 2 stopovers ranging from 14 to 25 hours” in contrast to the
significantly shorter direct flight. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 17.

However, the fact that there was the option of an indirect flight, as Wang
herself pointed out, meant that she was indeed able to travel to Singapore.
While it may have been inconvenient, she was not unable to do so: see Bachmeer
Capital Ltd v Ong Chih Ching and others [2018] 4 SLR 29 (“Bachmeer Capital”)
at [19]; Anil Singh at [39].

12 Similarly, I was not persuaded by the argument that the uncertain travel
climate created by the COVID-19 pandemic meant that Wang was unable to travel
to Singapore. Wang pointed out that flights may be delayed or cancelled if
passengers exhibit symptoms of COVID-19, or if travel restrictions between
China and Singapore were varied. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 18.

But even accepting that there were dynamic and evolving travel conditions due
to the COVID-19 pandemic, this simply meant that travel to Singapore from
Guangzhou was difficult, but not impossible.

13 While the COVID-19 pandemic has indeed caused disruptions, especially where
hearings are concerned, I would caution against blindly citing the COVID-19
pandemic as reason as to why a witness is unable to testify physically at
trial. For one, the world has battled the pandemic for over two years. Gone
are the days of uncertainty when people did not know what COVID-19 was, and
how it affected us as people and the community at large. Although air travel
was indeed hit during the early stages of the pandemic, it is safe to say that
the situation appears to have stabilised. Close attention must be paid to the
precise facts explaining exactly why the witness is unable to travel – mere
generalisations about travel disruptions brought on by the pandemic are simply
insufficient.

14 In a similar vein, I did not see how the substantial risk of Wang
contracting COVID-19 related to her inability to travel to Singapore. It may
have been relevant if it was shown that she had health-related issues that put
her at risk of serious complications if she contracted COVID-19. However,
there was simply no evidence of that before me. Therefore, the substantial
risk of contracting COVID-19 simply meant that she was unwilling, but not
unable to, make the trip.

15 Wang further cited the case of Chua Eng Kok (Cai Rongguo) v Douglas Chew
Kai Pi [2021] SGDC 159 at [21] where the court said:

21 Uppermost in the Court’s mind when this application was heard, was the fact
that we were – and still are – in the midst of a pandemic. The call out to
businesses by the Singapore government is for work-from-home to be the default
work arrangement. These had not changed even as Singapore transited through
different phases of this pandemic. Social interactions had also been heavily
restricted. There are also the travel bans in place. It would appear to be the
sensible and safer course of action for the defendant to be granted leave to
testify from outside Singapore …

16 I would observe that this passage appears to have been cited out of context
if one looks at the district judge’s subsequent remarks:

21 …Yet, the defendant’s application was dismissed and the defendant expected
to physically attend at the hearing to testify.

22 As it was not raised at the hearing before me, the Court was therefore not
accurately apprised of the extent of the travel restrictions between Singapore
and China or of the travel bubble between the two countries. However, there
was the suspicion even at the point in time of the hearing, that the travel
bubble was already in place. It appears that border restrictions between the
two countries were lifted sometime in early November 2020.

23 Although mindful of the safety issues, the Court considers it important
that safety must be properly balanced with the justice and equity of the case.
Parties must not be allowed to manipulate the present situation and compromise
a fair hearing …

17 The proposition which Wang cited, that the sensible and safer course of
action would be to allow the witness to testify remotely because of the
COVID-19 pandemic, must be read in its proper context. It is clear that safety
issues, on their own, are not determinative of the issue as to whether leave
should be granted. On the other side of the equation is the need to ensure
justice, and the equity of the case. The court will not countenance any
attempt by parties to manipulate the prevailing situation to their advantage
and compromise a fair hearing.

18 In the present case, while there was no evidence suggesting that Wang was
attempting to manipulate the present situation to her advantage, I would point
out that she is the plaintiff in the present suit. She has chosen to institute
this action against the defendants, involving a very large sum of money, in
Singapore. The trial dates, from the end of February to early March, were
known well in advance; at the very latest, they were known by the pre-trial
conference on 16 December 2021. In that light, Wang’s argument that
responsibilities at work meant that she would be unable to travel overseas due
to the long quarantine period carried little weight. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 33–34.

There was sufficient time to make travel and work arrangements to be present
at the trial.

19 In my view, a plaintiff’s unwillingness to travel would carry little weight
in the consideration of an application for leave under s 62A of the EA, unlike
in an application involving a witness over whom the plaintiff has little
control. Ultimately, of course, there must be a holistic assessment of all the
circumstances of the case. I turn now to examine the other factors Wang raised
in support of her application to testify via video link.

Whether any party would be substantially prejudiced

20 The reasons Wang gave in support of her argument that she would be
substantially prejudiced if made to travel to Singapore for the trial were the
same reasons she gave above for being unable to travel to Singapore. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 37.

21 In response, the defendants argued that it was them, and not Wang, who
would suffer substantial prejudice if Wang was allowed to testify remotely as
they would have to cross-examine Wang remotely, which would deprive them of
the opportunity to assess her demeanour and credibility in person. The
defendants further argued that their disadvantage of cross-examining a witness
by video link was magnified by the fact that Wang was her only witness. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Koh Mui Lee’s 15th Affidavit dated 26 November 21 at para 21.

22 Under s 62A(2)(c) of the EA, the court must consider whether any party to
the proceedings would be unfairly prejudiced in a manner that cannot be
compensated by an appropriate costs order. This question of unfair prejudice
is an overriding concern when determining if leave should be granted under s
62A of the EA: Anil Singh at [64] citing Sonica Industries Ltd v Fu Yu
Manufacturing Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R) 119 (“Sonica Industries”) at [15].

23 In Anil Singh, the court ruled (at [65]) that the appellant would have
suffered serious prejudice if leave was refused. This was because denying a
party who sought to call an overseas witness would almost always result in the
overseas witness’s evidence being inadmissible which would, in turn, have
grave consequences on the litigant’s ability to put its best case forward.

24 Similarly, in Sonica Industries, it was held (at [17]) that if the
plaintiffs were refused leave to have their witness testify via video link,
they would be unable to adduce critical evidence pertaining to their case. The
court took the view (at [16]) that the defendants would not be prejudiced if
leave was granted as the plaintiffs had identified the particular facts and
issues which would be provided by the witness’s testimony, and furnished the
witness’s statement of evidence.

25 In my view, the present facts are readily distinguishable from those in
Anil Singh and Sonica Industries. In those cases, the witness was not a party
to the suit. As litigators know all too well, witnesses are not in any way,
obliged to give evidence: see Sonica Industries at [12]. This may, on
occasion, present difficulties for parties seeking to call witnesses who are
living or working abroad to testify on their behalf. However, the present case
is different because Wang is the plaintiff. As I noted at [18] above, this
means that Wang would have known about the trial dates and have been able to
make the proper arrangements to be present for the trial. I would further add
that Wang is choosing to give evidence in support of her case. It would
therefore be all the more incumbent upon her to make the necessary
arrangements to testify at trial.

26 I turn now to the defendants’ argument that they would be prejudiced from
having Wang testify remotely as it would be harder to assess her demeanour and
credibility. In Anil Singh, the court noted at [71]:

71 Second, although there was a real likelihood that the trial court’s
decision in Suit 580 would turn on the trial judge’s assessment of the
witnesses’ credibility, this would not have resulted in unfair prejudice to
the respondents if leave were granted. As this court observed in Sandz
Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others v Strategic Worldwide Assets Ltd and
others [2014] 3 SLR 562 at [42], a court’s assessment of a witness’s
credibility would, and should, seldom hinge on that witness’s demeanour on the
stand (ie, behavioural patterns that are not reflected on the transcript, see
Thomas Bingham, The Business of Judging (Oxford University Press, 2000) at p
8). As such, we were not persuaded that a trial judge’s assessment of a
witness’s credibility would be hindered if that witness was not some “ten feet
away in the witness box” (see, eg, Asia-Pac Infrastructure Development Ltd v
Ing Yim Leung, Alexander and others [2011] 1 HKLRD 587 (“Asia-Pac
Infrastructure”) at [62]; Polanski (CA) ([51] supra), per Simon Brown LJ at
[29]; Bachmeer Capital ([47] supra) at [18]). In any case, trial judges can
take into account any particular deficiencies arising from the use of video
link testimony when deciding on the weight to be assigned to a witness’s
evidence (McGlinn v Waltham Contractors Ltd and others (No 2) [2006] EWHC 2322
(TCC) at [11]). We noted that it has been observed that “the solemnity of the
court atmosphere and the threat of immediate sanction” was conducive to
obtaining truthful testimony from a witness (Re Chow Kam Fai ex parte Rambas
Marketing Co LLC [2004] 1 HKLRD 161 (“Re Chow Kam Fai (CFI)”) at [28]; Erceg v
Erceg ([66] supra) at [14]). In our view, however, questions about a
particular witness’s truthfulness would be a matter for a trial judge to
determine based on all the evidence before the court. It is, therefore,
unhelpful for us to speculate as to whether, generally speaking, testifying in
court necessarily encourages witnesses to be more truthful than when
testifying via video link.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

27 What can be gleaned from the above passage is that because the court’s
assessment of a witness’s credibility seldom hinges on their demeanour when on
the stand, whether the witness testifies remotely or in person, makes little
difference as to the court’s assessment of their credibility: see Aaron Yoong,
“Zooming into a New Age of Court Proceedings: Perspectives from the Court,
Counsel and Witnesses” [2020] SAL Prac 19 (“Zooming into a New Age of Court
Proceedings”) at paras 44–47; Auken Animal Husbandry Pty Ltd v 3RD Solution
Investment Pty Ltd [2020] FCA 1153 at [48]–[51]. Further, it is also unclear
whether witnesses are necessarily more inclined to tell the truth when
testifying in person than when testifying via video link.

28 That said, court proceedings do not revolve entirely around the judge.
Parties too, have an important role to play in proceedings, and their
perception of how the trial unfolds is also important. As Snaden J observed in
Rooney v AGL Energy Limited (No 2) [2020] FCA 942 at [17]–[19]:

17 A more significant factor warranting vacation of the existing trial dates
is the need to expose key witnesses to the processes of in-person examination
and cross-examination. Plainly, there are aspects of the trial—openings,
closings and secondary witnesses, for example—in respect of which remote
hearing technology will likely suffice. Other aspects, however—principally,
the oral evidence of the applicant and the key decision makers within the
respondent—don’t as easily qualify in that regard. As all parties rightly
appreciate, the present matter will turn largely upon contested questions of
fact. As with most general protections matters, the court’s assessment of the
witnesses who are called to give evidence (or at least the key witnesses
amongst them) will be paramount.

18 I acknowledge that some judges of this court have expressed the view that
such assessments can be made as well by remote means as by traditional in-
court examination: see, for example, ASIC v Wilson [2020] FCA 873, [35] (Lee
J); Tetley v Goldmate Group Pty Ltd [2020] FCA 913, [16] (Bromwich J); and
Capic v Ford Motor Company of Australia Limited [2020] FCA 486, [19] (Perram
J). Those conclusions are, of course, personal to those who have drawn them.
My own experience of present-day remote hearing technology is slightly less
positive (although, I stress, not negative). I consider it a good and, in many
instances, necessary “Plan B”. However, the available technology cannot fully
replicate the court room environment that is so often central to an
adversarial system of civil justice. In my experience, the technology inhibits
(if not prohibits) the cadence and chemistry—both as between bar and bench,
and bar and witness box—that personify well-run causes. Those are traditional
forensic benefits of which litigants ought not too lightly be deprived:
Campaign Master (UK) Ltd v Forty Two International Pty Ltd (No 3) (2009) 181
FCR 152, 171 [78] (Buchanan J). Further, the technology often begets delay,
particularly when documents are to be supplied remotely. Although broadly
reliable, it is not uncommon for connections to be momentarily of poor
quality, occasionally to the point that they are unusable. All of these
factors influence the user experience of a justice system from which all
litigants are entitled to benefit.

19  Moreover, there is a sense of solemnity—perhaps even intimidation—that
attaches to the receipt of oral evidence from a courtroom witness box that not
even the best technology can replicate. When all witnesses (or crucial
witnesses) in a matter are subjected to that same stage, the truth is less
easily spun, and unsuccessful parties are less inclined or less able to find
fault with the process that delivered their defeat. That is especially
important in cases such as this one, where serious allegations of statutory
contravention are advanced, and the outcome of the cause turns upon contested
facts and the credit of those who recount them: see, in that vein, Roberts-
Smith v Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited (No 4) [2020] FCA 614, [22]
(Besanko J). Appreciating that there should be no one-size-fits-all approach
and that, as Lee J put it in Wilson, care should be taken to ensure that the
perfect does not become the enemy of the good, the circumstances that
currently present in this matter favour-, in my view, an orthodox approach to
the receipt of crucial witness evidence.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

29 Indeed, while judges are able to conduct trials remotely, the perspective
of the litigants, who come to court seeking justice, should not be forgotten.
As I alluded to in the introduction above (at [1]), it is not only important
that justice be done, but that the litigants themselves see that justice has
indeed been done. Often, the vindication litigants receive may not necessarily
come from a favourable outcome, but rather, from having had the opportunity of
confronting the opposing party physically in court. In that sense, the
perception of litigants as to how the trial is conducted is also a
consideration that can, and should, in my view, be taken into account in
deciding whether leave should be granted.

30 In the present case, I was of the view that Wang would not be unfairly
prejudiced if required to travel to Singapore to testify. In cases such as
Sonica Industries and Anil Singh, the unfair prejudice was in relation to the
parties’ ability to present their case. In the present application, the
reasons Wang gave as to why she would be unfairly prejudiced did not relate to
the presentation of her case, but rather, the inconvenience and potential
health risk she would face.

31 In contrast, however, the defendants would, in my view, be unfairly
prejudiced if Wang was allowed to testify remotely. Notwithstanding the fact
that most of Wang’s evidence relates to matters that are not disputed, there
are at least two matters which the defendants wish to cross-examine her on.
The defendants, being the parties sued by Wang, should not be deprived of the
opportunity to respond to Wang’s claims by cross-examining her in person.

32 For completeness, I would add that it made no difference that Wang’s
counsel offered to remove the portions of her affidavit evidence-in-chief that
the defendants wished to cross-examine her on. It was, to my mind, more
important that the defendants be allowed to confront Wang in person, and be
allowed to put questions to her physically in cross-examination. Depriving
them of the opportunity to do so could leave them, and a neutral observer,
with the impression that they were not fairly treated compared to the
plaintiff.

Availability of technology and administrative facilities for remote testimony

33 I turn now to examine the arguments relating to the availability of
technology and administrative facilities for remote hearing. The defendants
argued in written submissions that while Wang stated that she would make the
necessary technical and administrative arrangements to give evidence via video
link, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Wang’s Affidavit at paras 19–20.

there was no evidence of the same. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 46.

34 Pursuant to s 62(2)(b) of the EA, the court must have regard to the
administrative and technical facilities made at the place where the witness is
to give evidence. In Bachmeer Capital for example, the Singapore International
Commercial Court was satisfied (at [11] – [12]) that because of efforts taken
by the applicant’s solicitors and the court’s information technology staff to
test the video link set up before trial, there was a video link of sufficient
quality that would enable the witness to testify.

35 However, in Hi-Tech Rubbers v Dai Ichi Intertrade Pte Ltd [2018] SGDC 133,
which the defendant cited, the court was of the view that the applicant in
that case had not satisfied the court that the necessary administrative and
technical facilities had been made. This was because it was simply stated in
the affidavit filed in support of the application, and in the reply affidavit
(reproduced at [18] of the judgment) that:

…“[t]he Plaintiff is able to make arrangements for my evidence to be adduced
by live video-link from India at our office, and would be able to arrange for
a video conference to adduce my evidence”…

“The Plaintiff is able to make arrangements for my evidence to be adduced via
video-link using platforms such as Skype from our office in India, or if need
be, from the office of our solicitors in India”…

36 There was therefore no evidence that the necessary administrative and
technical facilities were in place for the witness to testify remotely. To
compound matters, when the applicant’s counsel was questioned on this, the
response was that while it was ideal for arrangements to be made before trial,
any technical issues could be sorted out on the day of trial itself.
Consequently, given the lack of evidence of the administrative or technical
facilities and arrangements made for the witness to give evidence in India,
and the fact that the witness’s evidence was not material, the court declined
to grant leave.

37 The question then is what is the level of detail that must be provided in
the supporting affidavit to satisfy the court that the necessary
administrative and technical arrangements have been made to facilitate the
witness’s remote testimony? In my view, while it is sufficient to state that
the witness would testify from a venue “equipped with the necessary video
conferencing facilities, such as a web-camera, microphone, speakers and a
stable internet connection”, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Wang’s Affidavit at para 19.

given how ubiquitous remote hearings have become, I do not think it would not
be unduly burdensome on parties to provide more evidence. However, if this is
an issue in the application, then the applicant would have to provide evidence
to persuade the court that those arrangements are adequate to ensure smooth
conduct of the hearing.

38 I would state that this was not an issue in the application before me but
even if I was satisfied that there were administrative and technical
arrangements in place, it would not have affected the balance of the competing
considerations in the present case.

Conclusion

39 I therefore found that that, considering all the circumstances, it would be
inappropriate to grant leave in the present case. I would add that it is of
utmost importance for any trial conducted in our courts to not only be fair,
but be seen to be fair by all parties to the action. While much has been said
and written as to the impact of remote testimony on the judge’s assessment of
witnesses, we should not forget that the perceptions of litigants in the trial
process are equally important where the administration of justice is
concerned, and should not be overlooked.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Jimmy Yim Wing Kuen SC, Lee Soong Yan Kevin, Dierdre Grace Morgan, Yeow Ying
Xin Madeline and Chloe Shobhana Ajit (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff.

Koh Swee Yen SC, Ang Shunli Alanna Suegene Uy, Dana Chang Kai Qi, Ayagari
Srikari Sanjana, and Axl Rizqy (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 14 Mar 2022 (15:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

