Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGCA 55

Civil Appeal No 29 of 2022

Between

Nazeri bin Lajim  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Application No 347 of 2022

Between

Nazeri bin Lajim  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Respondent

ex tempore judgmeNT

[Constitutional Law — Equal protection of the law]

[Constitutional Law — Fundamental liberties — Right to life and personal
liberty]

[Constitutional Law — Judicial review]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Stay of execution]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Nazeri bin Lajim

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2022] SGCA 55

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 29 of 2022  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, Tay Yong Kwang JCA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD  
21 July 2022

21 July 2022

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 In 2017, Mr Nazeri bin Lajim (the “appellant”) was convicted on a capital
charge and sentenced to the mandatory death penalty. On 19 July 2022, three
days before his scheduled execution on 22 July 2022, the appellant filed
Originating Application No 347 of 2022 (the “Originating Application”)
seeking: (a) a declaration that the Attorney-General (“AG”) had arbitrarily
imposed the capital charge upon him in breach of his rights under Arts 9(1)
and 12(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“Constitution”) and (b) a prohibiting order and/or a stay of execution in
respect of the execution of his sentence of death, pending the disposal of
this matter.

2 A judge of the General Division of the High Court (the “Judge”) heard the
Original Application on an expedited basis on 20 July 2022 and dismissed it,
but made no order as to the stay of the execution of the appellant’s sentence
of death. The appellant appealed against the Judge’s decision and an expedited
appeal was ordered and heard at 2.30 pm today by this court.

3 Before the commencement of the hearing, the appellant filed further
submissions seeking time to consult and/or hire a lawyer to present the
arguments he had made in support of his Originating Application. We rejected
his request for an adjournment, for reasons which will be elaborated upon
below.

Background

4 On 8 August 2017, the appellant was convicted by the High Court on a capital
charge of possessing two bundles containing not less than 33.39g of
diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “MDA”) (see Public
Prosecutor v Dominic Martin Fernandez and another [2017] SGHC 226 (“Nazeri (HC
Conviction)”) at [1] and [54]). As the appellant did not fulfil any of the
criteria in the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B of the MDA, he was
sentenced to the mandatory death penalty pursuant to s 33(1) of the MDA
(Nazeri (HC Conviction) at [57]–[58]). Meanwhile, the appellant’s co-offender,
who was arrested by the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) in the same operation
and in respect of the same subject matter as the appellant, was convicted of
trafficking in not less than 35.41g of diamorphine under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA,
but qualified for the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B of the MDA and
was sentenced to life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane (Nazeri (HC
Conviction) at [1], [34] and [57]–[58]).

5 The appellant’s appeal against his conviction and sentence was dismissed by
this court in CA/CCA 42/2017 (“CCA 42”) on 4 July 2018.

6 On 1 October 2020, the appellant, along with 21 other plaintiffs, filed an
application in HC/OS 975/2020 for pre-action discovery and leave to serve pre-
action interrogatories against the AG and the Superintendent of Changi Prison
in respect of the disclosure of personal correspondence of some of the
plaintiffs in the possession of the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”). The
General Division of the High Court dismissed the application in HC/OS 975/2020
on 16 March 2021 (see Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin and others v Attorney-General
and another [2021] 4 SLR 698 (“Syed Suhail (OS 975)”). It was undisputed that
no correspondence was sought by the AG or forwarded to the AG by the Singapore
Prison Service in respect of the appellant (see Syed Suhail (OS 975) at [7]).
No appeal has been filed against the General Division of the High Court’s
decision in Syed Suhail (OS 975).

7 On 9 March 2021, the appellant filed CA/CM 12/2021 (“CM 12”) to the Court of
Appeal seeking leave pursuant to s 394H of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) to file an application for review of the Court of
Appeal’s decision in CCA 42. The Court of Appeal summarily dismissed CM 12
(see Nazeri bin Lajim v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 41).

8 Thereafter, on 13 August 2021, the appellant and 16 other plaintiffs filed
HC/OS 825/2021 (“OS 825”) seeking declaratory relief to the effect that the
CNB and the AG had discriminated against persons of Malay ethnicity in
investigating and prosecuting capital drugs offences under the MDA, in
violation of their constitutional rights. On 2 December 2021, the General
Division of the High Court dismissed the application (see Syed Suhail bin Syed
Zin and others v Attorney-General [2021] SGHC 274 (“Syed Suhail (OS 825)”).
There was no appeal against this decision.

9 The President’s order for the appellant’s execution under s 313(f) of the
CPC was issued on 6 July 2022, and the Warrant of Execution under s 313(g) of
the CPC was issued on 8 July 2022 for the death sentence to be carried out on
22 July 2022.

10 On 19 July 2022, three days before his scheduled execution, the appellant
filed the Originating Application seeking: (a) a declaration that the AG had
arbitrarily imposed the capital charge upon him in breach of his rights under
Arts 9(1) and 12(1) of the Constitution and (b) a prohibiting order and/or a
stay of execution in respect of the execution of his sentence of death,
pending the disposal of this matter.

The parties’ cases

11 Before the Judge, the appellant argued that his rights under Art 9(1) of
the Constitution (“Art 9(1)”) were violated on the basis that the deprivation
of his life is in breach of his rights under Art 12(1) of the Constitution
(“Art 12(1)”).

12 In respect of his challenge pursuant to Art 12(1), the appellant submitted
that he was to be regarded as equally situated with other accused persons who
– in relation to the MDA offences of trafficking, possession for the purpose
of trafficking and importing – were caught with drugs of a quantity that was
above the minimum amount required to attract the mandatory death penalty (ie,
the capital threshold). However, he argued that the AG had acted arbitrarily
and unfairly in preferring and maintaining a capital charge against him,
whilst reducing the charges of other equally situated accused persons from a
capital charge (ie, for a quantity of drugs above the capital threshold) to a
non-capital charge (ie, for a quantity of drugs below the capital threshold).
The appellant therefore submitted that by placing him on trial for a capital
charge, the AG had breached his rights under Art 12(1).

13 On a related note, the appellant complained of the lack of transparency as
to how, and on what legal basis, the AG exercises his discretion in preferring
a capital or non-capital charge. In Exhibit A of his affidavit, the appellant
listed cases wherein the convicted offenders faced a non-capital charge
despite trafficking in a quantity above the capital threshold, and sought a
court order for the AG to further disclose detailed records of accused persons
whose charges were reduced from a capital to a non-capital charge, and those
who were not given this reduction.

14 Lastly, the appellant sought to clarify that the Originating Application
was not an abuse of process. He asserted his belief that this application was
meritorious, and claimed that he had, for “a very long time”, wanted to raise
these issues but was unable to because no lawyer was willing to take up his
case. The appellant also alleged that the counsel who represented him in Syed
Suhail (OS 825), Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”), tried to raise this issue
back in 2021, but he found out recently that his counsel had not appropriately
addressed the matter and had instead “mixed up and/or combined the issue with
racial discrimination” against persons of Malay ethnicity. As a result, the
issues which the appellant now raise in this Originating Application, were
overlooked.

15 In response, the AG argued that the Originating Application, which was
filed only after the appellant had been notified of his execution date, was an
abuse of process. The AG argued that the application was time-barred under O
24 r 5(2) of the Rules of Court 2021 because it was brought more than three
months after the prosecutorial decision was made to proceed against the
appellant in the High Court for a capital charge for being in possession of
not less than 35.41g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking. There was
no reason why the present application could not have been filed earlier,
especially since the appellant had filed a similar constitutional challenge in
OS 825. It could therefore be inferred that the true purpose of the
Originating Application was to frustrate the appellant’s scheduled execution
from being carried out on 22 July 2022.

16 The AG, in any event, dealt with the Originating Application on its merits.
The AG pointed out that leave must be obtained to commence judicial review
proceedings, and in so far as the three-fold leave requirements were concerned
(see below at [24]), the AG did not dispute that the subject matter at hand
was susceptible to judicial review and that the appellant had sufficient
interest in the subject matter. However, the AG contended that the materials
fell far short of showing a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the
appellant’s rights under Art 12(1) had been violated:

(a) First, the appellant had not shown a prima facie case as to how he was
equally situated with the offenders referred to in the cases listed in Exhibit
A (see [13] above). The fact that the quantities involved in those other cases
were also above the capital threshold did not in and of itself mean that the
appellant was equally situated with those other offenders. Citing the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49
(“Ramalingam”), which held at [70] that the mere differentiation of charges
between co-offenders, even between those of equal guilt, is not per se
sufficient to constitute prima facie evidence of bias or the taking into
account of irrelevant considerations, the AG argued that a multitude of fact-
specific considerations may legitimately influence the exercise of
prosecutorial discretion, and the surrounding circumstances would justify not
finding that the accused persons are equally situated, and provide an
eminently reasonable basis for treating different offenders differently.

(b) Secondly, the appellant had not shown any impropriety in the exercise of
prosecutorial discretion in relation to his case, in that it was biased or
based upon irrelevant considerations.

17 As against the appellant’s argument that the AG was more fit and
appropriate to disclose the details of those whose charges were reduced to a
non-capital charge and those who were not given a similar reduction, the AG
argued that this argument was legally unsound. Citing the Court of Appeal’s
decisions in Ramalingam and Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-General
[2015] 5 SLR 1222 (“Ridzuan”), the AG contended that he will only be under an
evidential burden to justify his prosecutorial decision when an applicant has
produced prima facie evidence of the alleged unconstitutionality. Since the
appellant in this case had failed to present the requisite prima facie
evidence, the AG was under no obligation to disclose details of other cases or
to justify his prosecutorial decision.

18 Finally, the AG submitted that there had been no breach of the appellant’s
rights under Art 9(1). The appellant was sentenced to death after being
afforded due process through a trial in the High Court, and not as a result of
the Prosecution’s decision to charge him. The appellant was given every
opportunity to present his case at trial, and in CCA 42 following his
conviction, and was given the opportunity in CM 12 to seek leave to reopen his
concluded appeal after his appeal was dismissed.

Decision below

19 During the hearing below, which took place on 20 July 2022, the appellant
sought an adjournment so that he could seek legal representation. The Judge,
pointing to the fact that the appellant had filed his application, affidavit
and submissions without the help of a lawyer, found that the appellant’s last-
minute attempt to adjourn the hearing of the Originating Application was
clearly an abuse of process and refused the appellant’s application for an
adjournment.

20 Next, the Judge held that the Originating Application was filed way out of
time, and that the appellant did not furnish an acceptable explanation for the
delay.

21 In so far as the merits of the Originating Application were concerned, the
Judge observed that in substance, the appellant’s case rested only on a breach
of Art 12(1), because the appellant’s case in respect of Art 9(1) was premised
on there being a breach of Art 12(1). Noting the principle set out in
Ramalingam that the mere differentiation of charges between co-offenders is
not sufficient prima facie evidence of a breach of Art 12(1), the Judge held
that this principle applied with even greater force in this case because the
appellant’s complaint of differentiation of charges compared his case not
against his co-offender’s case, but against other unrelated cases. The Judge
therefore dismissed the appellant’s application for (a) a declaration that the
charge against him breached Arts 9(1) and 12(1), and (b) a prohibiting order
in respect of the execution of the sentence of death against him, on the basis
that the appellant had not discharged his burden of producing prima facie
evidence of a breach of Art 12(1).

22 The Judge, however, made no order as to the appellant’s stay of execution
of his sentence of death pending the disposal of those proceedings.

23 We turn now to the issue to be decided in this appeal.

Issue to be determined in this appeal

24 The appellant framed the Originating Application as an application for
judicial review. However, before such an application can proceed, leave to
commence judicial review must first be obtained. We will therefore focus our
inquiry on whether the appellant should be granted leave, on the assumption
that we are prepared to waive any non-compliance as to procedure (including
the time limit to file such leave applications). Three requirements must be
satisfied before the court will grant an applicant leave to commence judicial
review (see Gobi a/l Avedian and another v Attorney-General and another appeal
[2020] 2 SLR 883 (“Gobi”) at [44]):

(a) the subject matter of the complaint has to be susceptible to judicial
review;

(b) the applicant has to have a sufficient interest in the matter; and

(c) the materials before the court have to disclose an arguable or prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by the
applicant.

25 The first two requirements are undisputed. In relation to the third
requirement, we agree with the Judge that, since the appellant’s other ground
in respect of Art 9(1) is premised on there being a breach of his rights under
Art 12(1), the appellant’s case turned essentially on whether there was a
breach of Art 12(1).

26 Therefore, the central issue which arises for our determination is whether
there is an arguable or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the AG,
by preferring and maintaining the appellant’s capital charge, breached the
appellant’s rights under Art 12(1). It is to this issue which we now turn.

Analysis

27 The concept of equality under Art 12(1) does not mean that all persons are
to be treated equally, but simply that “all persons in like situations will be
treated alike” (see Public Prosecutor v Taw Cheng Kong [1998] 2 SLR(R) 489 at
[54]; Attorney-General v Datchinamurthy s/l Kataiah [2022] SGCA 46 at [29]).
In assessing whether executive action has breached Art 12(1), the applicant
must first discharge his evidential burden of showing that he has been treated
differently from other equally situated persons, before the evidential burden
shifts to the decision-maker in question to show that the differential
treatment was reasonable, in that it was based on legitimate reasons which
made the differential treatment proper (see Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin v
Attorney-General [2021] 1 SLR 809 at [61]–[62]).

28 Art 12(1) merely requires the AG (in his capacity as the Public Prosecutor)
to give unbiased consideration to every offender and to avoid taking into
account any irrelevant consideration (see Ramalingam at [51]).

29 In this connection, this court has held that the AG may take into account a
myriad of factors in determining whether or not to charge an offender
(including his co-offenders in the same criminal enterprise, if any) and, if
charges are to be brought, for what offence or offences. These factors include
the question of whether there is sufficient evidence against the offender and
his co-offenders (if any), their personal circumstances, the willingness of
one offender to testify against his co-offenders and other policy factors.
Where relevant, these factors may justify offenders in the same criminal
enterprise being prosecuted differently (see Ramalingam at [52]; Yong Vui Kong
v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 872 at [17]).

30 Applying these legal principles to the facts, we agree with the Judge that
the appellant has not discharged his burden of producing prima facie evidence
of a breach of Art 12(1).

31 The appellant’s entire case proceeds on the flawed premise that he is
equally situated with other offenders who were likewise caught with drugs
above the capital threshold, in relation to the MDA offences of trafficking,
possession for the purpose of trafficking and importation. However, simply
because these other offenders were (literally) also caught with drugs above
the capital threshold, does not mean that they are (in law) equally situated
with the appellant. The reality is that offences are committed by all kinds of
people in all kinds of circumstances, and the AG must be entitled to take into
account all the facts of a particular case, beyond the quantity of drugs
involved, in arriving at his charging decision. There are many other factors,
as enumerated above at [29], which may equally justify not regarding the
appellant as being equally situated with these other offenders, and which
justify differential treatment.

32 Indeed, due to the fact-sensitive manner in which the AG has to exercise
his discretion, this court in Ramalingam observed at [70] that even where
accused persons involved in the same criminal enterprise are concerned, the
mere fact that there is a differentiation of charges between co-offenders,
even if they have equal guilt, is not per se sufficient to constitute prima
facie evidence of bias or the taking into account of irrelevant
considerations. As noted by the Judge, this observation in Ramalingam applies,
a fortiori, to the present case because the appellant’s complaint of
differentiation of charges compared his case not against his co-offender’s
case, but against other unrelated cases.

33 We therefore affirm the Judge’s decision that the appellant has failed to
established an arguable or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that there
has been a breach of the appellant’s rights under Art 12(1). The same can be
said of the appellant’s case pursuant to Art 9(1), since it is premised on an
alleged breach of Art 12(1). The requirement for leave to commence judicial
review is a means of filtering out groundless or hopeless cases at an early
stage (see Gobi at [45]), and this is clearly one such case.

34 Given that the appellant has not been able to show any prima facie breach
of Art 12(1), the AG is not required to justify his prosecutorial decision to
the court. This accords with the presumptions of constitutionality and
legality which apply as a matter of the separation of powers doctrine (see
Ridzuan at [36]).

35 It must be evident by now that the orders sought by the appellant are
entirely devoid of factual basis. It is for this reason that we decline to
grant the adjournment sought for by the appellant (see above at [3]). Whilst
the court would consider reasonable attempts by an applicant to seek legal
counsel to vindicate his rights, the situation here is similar to that in
Norasharee bin Gous v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGCA 51 (“Norasharee”), in that
there is simply “no substratum of fact to support a real possibility of relief
being granted” (see Norasharee at [12]). We emphasise that the law in this
area is already well-settled and the issue with the appellant’s case is that
it is completely unsupported as a matter of fact. Legal assistance would not
give factual substratum to a case which has none to begin with.

36 We also highlight that the appellant has been afforded full due process
when he was represented by counsel during his trial before the High Court, the
appeal arising therefrom, and his leave application for a criminal review in
CM 12. There must come a point in time that the appellant accepts the
consequences of his actions. It is impermissible for the appellant to prevent
the law from taking its course by taking out meritless applications at the
eleventh-hour, and the court would not allow its processes to be abused where
an applicant asks for a last-minute adjournment in order to seek legal
representation for what is an application that has no factual basis to begin
with.

37 Indeed, this is yet another instance of an abuse of the court’s process,
conducted with the aim of frustrating the imposition of capital punishment on
an offender whose guilt has been finally and fairly determined in accordance
with the law. The timing of this patently unmeritorious application says it
all.

Conclusion

38 In conclusion, we affirm the Judge’s dismissal of the appellant’s
application for (a) a declaration that the charge against him breached Arts
9(1) and 12(1), and (b) a prohibiting order in respect of the execution of the
sentence of death against him. We also dismiss the appellant’s application for
a stay of the execution of his sentence of death since there is no reason for
this stay now that proceedings relating to the appellant’s application for a
declaration and a prohibiting order has been finally determined and dismissed.

Postscript

39 On 20 July 2022, shortly after the Judge dismissed the appellant’s
application, and shortly before the appellant filed his notice of appeal
against the Judge’s decision, the court registry received an email from Mr
Ravi.

40 In that email, Mr Ravi states that he wrote a letter dated 5 October 2021
under the letterhead KK Cheng Law LLC (the “5 October Letter”) to AGC, on
behalf of the appellant and the other plaintiffs, in a matter involving a
possible contempt of court by Minister Mr K Shanmugam (“Minister Shanmugam”).
Mr Ravi explained that the subject matter of the 5 October Letter was a
statement made by Minister Shanmugam “who [was] directly responsible for
Changi prison which schedules executions”. By a letter dated 23 March 2022, Mr
Ravi was allegedly notified that he was being investigated under s 182 of
Penal Code 1871 (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) on a complaint that he did not have
instructions from the appellant, amongst others, in writing the 5 October
Letter. On the basis that the appellant’s statement, evidence and testimony is
“crucial” to his (Mr Ravi’s) defence in the said investigation, and for the
purpose of the ongoing police investigation, Mr Ravi asked this court to
exercise its inherent powers “to safeguard the administration of justice by
ordering a stay of the scheduled execution of [the appellant] pending the
completion of the police investigation[s]”. According to Mr Ravi, AGC is
scheduled to report on the status of police investigations to the State Court
on 15 August 2022.

41 Mr Ravi further stated that he would be happy to appear before this court
should this court require his attendance to clarify matters for the stay.

42 We directed AGC to respond to Mr Ravi’s email. AGC subsequently replied by
way of its letter dated 21 July 2022 (the “21 July Letter”):

We refer to your letter and the Registrar’s Notice dated 20 July 2022 on the
abovementioned matter, and the e-mail from Mr M Ravi dated 20 July 2022.

2 Mr M Ravi was the counsel on record for the 17 plaintiffs in HC/OS 825/2021
(“OS 825”), which included the [a]ppellant, Nazeri bin Lajim (“the
Plaintiffs”). On 5 October 2021, the Attorney-General’s Chambers received a
letter from Mr M Ravi (“the [5 October Letter]”), seeking a sanction from the
Attorney-General (“AG”) to commence contempt of court proceedings on behalf of
the Plaintiffs against the Minister for Home Affairs Mr K Shanmugam.

3 On 16 November 2021, a police report was lodged against Mr M Ravi for a
potential offence under s 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The
alleged offence relates to whether Mr M Ravi had falsely represented to the AG
that he had acted under the instructions of the Plaintiffs when he sent the [5
October] Letter. The police commenced investigations thereafter. In a letter
dated 23 May 2022, Mr M Ravi was required to attend before the investigation
officer for an interview. Mr M Ravi was interviewed on 26 May 2022.
Investigations into this matter are still ongoing.

4 To date, the Police has not interviewed the [a]ppellant. In view of the
scheduled judicial execution on 22 July 2022, the Police will not be
interviewing the [a]ppellant in respect of the investigations against Mr M
Ravi. In the event that Mr M Ravi faces criminal charges arising from these
investigations, the Prosecution will not aver that Mr M Ravi had acted without
the instructions of the [a]ppellant in sending the Letter.

5 Finally, the review before the District Court on 15 August 2022 was fixed by
District Judge Loh Hui-min (“DJ Loh”) in connection with the return of Mr M
Ravi’s passport following his application under s 113 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), which was heard on 13 May 2022. Mr M
Ravi’s passport was seized by the police on 20 March 2020 following
investigations into possible contempt of court under s 3(1)(b) of the
Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (No. 9 of 2016). On 13 May
2022, DJ Loh ordered that the passport be returned to Mr M Ravi. DJ Loh
subsequently fixed the matter for a review on 15 August 2022 to provide Mr M
Ravi’s sureties more certainty as to when Mr M Ravi would be required to
attend before the Court, and for the Prosecution to provide an update on
investigations against Mr M Ravi.

43 Mr Ravi responded by way of an email received by the Registry at 11.37 am
on 21 July 2022, essentially reiterating that the appellant’s evidence
“remains crucial to [his] defence and the police investigation”.

44 In further submissions received by the Registry at 1.26pm, the appellant
makes reference to Mr Ravi’s claim that he (Mr Ravi) requires his (the
appellant’s) evidence for the purpose of an ongoing police investigation, and
seek a stay of his execution so that he could testify in Mr Ravi’s criminal
proceedings in the event that Mr Ravi faces criminal charges.

45 The position of AGC in the 21 July Letter is clear and we therefore saw no
reason for Mr Ravi’s attendance. Given that the appellant is one of the many
plaintiffs in OS 825, and the AGC’s position that it would not be averring
that Mr Ravi had acted without the appellant’s instructions in the criminal
proceedings against Mr Ravi, no prejudice would be occasioned to Mr Ravi if
the execution of the appellant’s sentence of death is not stayed.

46 We would like to add that this judgment is the final word in respect of
this case and the court will not be replying to or entertaining any further
application or correspondence.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
  
The appellant in person;

Anandan Bala, Chan Yi Cheng and Rimplejit Kaur (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 25 Jul 2022 (08:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

