Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 290

Tribunal Appeal No 9 of 2022

Between

| The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2553  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1)| Chia Yew Liang  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Yi Fei (Lin Yifei)  
(3)| Chiu Chee Keen  
(4)| Soh Beng Suan  
(5)| Tan Chian Eng  
(6)| Teng Khar Imm (Ding Qiaoyin)  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Land — Strata titles — Management council]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2553

  
v

  

Chia Yew Liang and others

[2022] SGHC 290

General Division of the High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 9 of 2022  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
27 October 2022

28 November 2022

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2553
for the development known as Palm Gardens (the “MCST”), against the decision 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chia Yew Liang and others v The MCST Plan No. 2553 [2022] SGSTB 4 (“GD”).

of the Strata Titles Board (the “STB”) in relation to s 53A of the Building
Maintenance and Strata Management Act 2004 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “BMSMA”).

2 The defendants are subsidiary proprietors (“SPs”) in Palm Gardens. They
filed an application to the STB to determine whether the MCST was wrong to
have reserved a seat on the management council for a SP of a commercial shop
unit in Palm Gardens, Mer Zhang Zhibin (“Mr Zhang”), during the 19th Annual
General Meeting (the “AGM”) of the MCST.

3 The STB held that s 53A of the BMSMA does not apply as Palm Gardens was a
residential development and not a mixed development. Accordingly, the STB
found that Mr Zhang did not have an automatic right to be on the council and
his appointment was therefore invalidated. The grounds of decision issued by
the STB on this will be referred to as the “GD”. I allowed the appeal by the
MCST. These are my grounds of decision.

Whether appeal is on a point of law

4 The first issue was whether the MCST could bring an appeal against the
decision of the STB. Section 98(1) of the BMSMA states:

No appeal shall lie to the High Court against an order made by a Board under
this Part or the Land Titles (Strata) Act 1967 [(2020 Rev Ed)] except on a
point of law.

5 The Court of Appeal in Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and
others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal [2009] 3
SLR(R) 109 (“Ng Eng Ghee”) held at [101] that ex facie errors of law would
entitle a party to appeal under s 98(1) of the BMSMA. The court cited (at
[90]) the following definition of errors of law from Halsbury’s Laws of
England vol 1(1) (Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1989) (“Halsbury”) at para 70,
which stated:

Errors of law include misinterpretation of a statute or any other legal
document or a rule of common law; asking oneself and answering the wrong
question, taking irrelevant considerations into account or failing to take
relevant considerations into account when purporting to apply the law to the
facts; admitting inadmissible evidence or rejecting admissible and relevant
evidence; exercising a discretion on the basis of incorrect legal principles;
giving reasons which disclose faulty legal reasoning or which are inadequate
to fulfil an express duty to give reasons, and misdirecting oneself as to the
burden of proof. [emphasis in original omitted]

6 Prior to affirming at [101] that ex facie errors of law entitle a party to
appeal under s 98(1) of the BMSMA, the court in Ng Eng Ghee considered and
rejected the narrower definition of “question of law” that had been applied in
Northern Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 494 in the context of applications for leave to appeal against
domestic arbitral awards brought under s 28(2) the Arbitration Act (Cap 10,
1985 Rev Ed). The court observed at [100] that different policy considerations
apply in the context of private arbitrations, which were underpinned by the
principle of party autonomy, as compared to a hearing before a STB, which
performed functions that would affect the wider public interest.

7 The defendants submitted that the STB did not make an error of law, as its
decision had been premised on findings of fact. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Arguments (“DSA”) at paras 11–15.

They argued that s 53A(2) of the BMSMA only requires that a MCST council
office be reserved in the case of a mixed-use development. The STB’s decision
– that s 53A(2) of the BMSMA did not apply – was based on a finding of fact
the STB had made, ie, that Palm Gardens was not a mixed-used development.

8 The MCST’s case was that there were ex facie errors of law in the STB’s
decision. The MCST made the following submissions.

(a) The STB had asked and answered the wrong questions: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions (“CWS”) at para 7.

(i) by asking whether Palm Gardens was residential or mixed-use, because while
there was no dispute that Palm Gardens was a residential development, it did
not follow that Palm Gardens could not be a mixed-used development under s 53A
BMSMA; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CWS at paras 62–64.

and

(ii) by asking whether the presence of one shop unit was sufficient to render
an otherwise fully residential development a mixed-use development. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CWS at paras 65–68.

(b) The STB had taken into account irrelevant considerations such as the Urban
Redevelopment Authority (the “URA”) Land Zoning. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CWS at paras 54–57.

(c) The STB had wrongly relied on and/or misconstrued several emails from
various officers in the URA and the Building and Construction Authority (the
“BCA”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CWS at paras 78–86.

(d) The STB had failed to take into account the following relevant
considerations when purporting to apply the law to the facts:

(i) the disproportionately higher share value allocation in Palm Gardens for
the shop unit compared to residential units, which suggested that Palm Gardens
was a mixed-use development; 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CWS at paras 25–30.

and

(ii) the email replies from a senior BCA officer. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CWS at paras 87–90.

9 The issues raised by the MCST related to whether the STB was correct in its
interpretation of “mixed-use development” in s 53A(2) of the BMSMA. As will be
seen below, this involved an interpretation of what the phrase “buildings
authorised under the Planning Act 1998 [(2020 Rev Ed)] for 2 or more of the
following classes of use” in s 53A(1) of the BMSMA means. Related questions
included whether the STB had erred in considering if there needed to be a
minimum number of a particular type of unit to constitute a class of use.
These were questions of law and not merely factual questions.

10 Counsel for the defendants accepted during the hearing that this appeal
involved questions of law. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Minute Sheet for HC/TA 9/2022, 27 October 2022 (“Minute Sheet for TA 9”) at
page 2.

I also agreed with the MCST that the allegations raised related to ex facie
errors of law within the meaning set out by the court in Ng Eng Ghee, in that
they allege that the STB asked and answered the wrong questions, took into
account irrelevant considerations and failed to take into account relevant
considerations (see [5] above).

11 I thus found that the MCST was entitled to bring this appeal.

The Appeal

12 The relevant part of s 53A BMSMA, which the STB had to apply, states:

Councils for mixed-use developments

53A.—(1) This section applies only in relation to a management corporation
with more than 3 subsidiary proprietors constituted for a parcel in a strata
title plan, whether or not comprising limited common property but consisting
of buildings authorised under the Planning Act 1998 [(2020 Rev Ed)] for 2 or
more of the following classes of use:

(a) residence;

(b) office;

(c) commercial (other than as an office), such as a shop, food establishment
or theatre;

(d) boarding premises, such as a hotel, serviced apartment or nursing home;

(e) a prescribed purpose.

(2) Subject to this section, in the case of a management corporation of a
mixed-use development mentioned in subsection (1), there must be reserved for
each class of use mentioned in that subsection and authorised for that
development under the Planning Act 1998 [(2020 Rev Ed)], at least one office
as member of the council of that management corporation (called in this Act a
reserved council office).

[emphasis added]

13 In applying s 53A of the BMSMA to the present case, the first steps were to
consider whether s 53A of the BMSMA was applicable to begin with. Pursuant to
s 53A(1) of the BMSMA, s 53A of the BMSMA would only apply in relation to a
management corporation which:

(a) has more than three SPs; and

(b) consists of buildings authorised under the Planning Act 1998 (2020 Rev Ed)
(the “PA”) for two or more of the classes of use identified under s 53A(1) of
the BMSMA.

In relation to the second requirement, the identified classes of use include
“residence” and “commercial … such as a shop, food establishment or theatre”.

Whether there must be a minimum number of SPs in a particular class of use for
a development to be “mixed-use”

14 As a preliminary issue, I noted that s 53A(1) of the BMSMA does not require
a development to have a minimum number of SPs in a particular class of use,
before it can be considered as a “mixed-use development” under s 53A(2) of the
BMSMA. That was relevant to this case, as there was only one SP that was
argued by the MCST to fall within the class of “commercial” use.

15 The STB had decided that although s 53A(1) of the BMSMA did not specify a
minimum number of lots for the constitution of a different class of use, there
remained an overarching issue to be addressed, namely, “whether the presence
of one shop unit, particularly one in the form of a minimart or a pizza making
and delivery outlet, is sufficient to render an otherwise fully residential
development a mixed-use development for the purpose of Section 53A [of the]
BMSMA”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [30].

16 I was, with respect, unable to agree with this. Section 53A of the BMSMA
plainly does not contain a requirement for a minimum number of SPs in order to
constitute a class of use. There was accordingly no legal basis to inject an
additional requirement that was unsupported by the text of s 53A of the BMSMA.
In fairness to counsel for the defendants, he did not make any submissions in
respect of this.

Whether Palm Gardens is a mixed-use development

17 Section 53A(2) of the BMSMA pertains to developments that meet the criteria
of being a “mixed-use development”. A development would be a “mixed-use
development”, where the two criteria in s 53A(1) of the BMSMA (identified at
[13] above) are met. That a “mixed-use development” under s 53A(2) of the
BMSMA is defined with reference to s 53A(1), is clear from the phrase in s
53A(2): “in the case of a management corporation of a mixed-use development
mentioned in subsection (1)”. As identified by the STB in the GD, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at [29].

such a reading is also consistent with reg 2(1) of the Building Maintenance
and Strata Management (Strata Units) Regulations 2005 (S 196/2005), which is
substantially similar to s 53A(1), and defines a “mixed-use development” as “a
development that consists or is to consist of 2 or more different classes of
use”.

18 In this case, it was not disputed that Palm Gardens was a MCST with more
than three SPs. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CWS at para 42; DSA at para 26.

Thus, the only issue was whether Palm Gardens consisted of buildings
authorised under the PA for two or more of the classes of use identified under
s 53A(1) of the BMSMA.

19 During the second reading of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management
(Amendment) Bill (Bill No 29/2017), the Second Minster for National
Development explained the rationale for the proposed introduction of s 53A of
the BMSMA as such (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (11
September 2017) vol 94 (Desmond Lee, Second Minister for National
Development)):

On the issue of fair representation, clause 38 or new section 53A provides
that each class of use in a mixed-use development will be given a reserved
seat in the council. Different classes of uses have different needs, so it is
important for each to have a “voice”. The classes of use include residential,
commercial and single independent lot groups like hotels and serviced
residences. There was feedback about a residential and retail development
where the council was dominated by retail SPs. This resulted in a skewed
decision by the council to lease common property cheaply to the retail shops
in the development. The facility of reserved seats for each user class will go
some way to address over-domination by any one user class, and put each group
in a more equitable position in managing the MCST.

It was thus apparent that the legislative purpose of s 53A of the BMSMA is to
ensure adequate representation across different classes of use within a
development. With that as the background, I examined the specific question
arising in this case, of how to determine whether a development was authorised
for a particular class of use.

The grant of written permission by the URA

20 The “competent authority” under the PA is defined under s 2 of the PA as
“any competent authority appointed under section 5 to be responsible for the
operation of [the PA]”. Section 5(1) of the PA confers on the Minister the
power to “appoint any person or persons as the Minister thinks fit to be the
competent authority or authorities responsible for the operation of [the PA]”
by notification in the Gazette. In turn, by para 1(a) of the Planning Act
(Appointment of Competent Authority) (Cap 232, N 7, 2007 Rev Ed) (GN No S
110/2001) (“GN 110/2001”), “the Chief Executive Officer of the [URA]
established under the Urban Redevelopment Authority Act (Cap 340)” was
appointed to be “the competent authority responsible for the operation of the
provisions of the [PA] and any rules made thereunder, except sections 7 and 8
of the [PA] and any rules made under section 10 of the [PA]”. By para 1(b) of
GN 110/2001, the Chief Planner of the URA was appointed to be the competent
authority for the operation of ss 7 and 8, and any rules made under s 10 of
the PA.

21 Section 14(4)(a) of the PA states that subject to any rules, the competent
authority, ie, the URA, may “grant written permission, either unconditionally
or subject to any conditions the competent authority considers fit”. Section 2
of the PA defines “written permission” as “a planning permission … granted by
a competent authority”. In other words, the URA is effectively the competent
authority which determines whether buildings have been authorised for
particular classes of use under the PA. Following from this, whether the
development consists of “buildings authorised under the Planning Act 1998 for
2 or more of the following classes of use”, such that s 53A of the BMSMA is
applicable, may be assessed by examining the written permission issued by the
URA for that property. This is also common ground among the parties. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CWS at paras 51–53; DSA at para 38.

22 The Grant of Written Permission issued by the URA for Palm Gardens on 14
December 2000 under the Planning Act (Cap 323, 1998 Rev Ed) (the “WP”), is the
latest grant on record. It states that strata subdivision permission was
granted for the subdivision of the development into “695 separate strata units
(comprising 694 residential units and 1 shop unit)” 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Chai Yi Ling, Gillian dated 28 September 2022 (Gillian Chai’s
Affidavit) at pages 73–74.

. The residential units would clearly fall within the “residence” class of use
stipulated under s 53A(1) of the BMSMA. Palm Gardens was also authorised to
have “1 shop unit”. In my view, the fact that Palm Gardens was authorised to
have both residential units and a shop unit meant that Palm Gardens was
authorised under the PA for two classes of use – residence and commercial.

23 The defendants submitted that merely because permission was granted for the
opening of a shop within the development, did not necessarily mean that the
development was authorised for the “commercial” class of use. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Minute Sheet for TA 9 at page 3.

I was unable to agree with this, given what is plainly stated in s 53A(1) of
the BMSMA. In particular, s 53A(1) of the BMSMA stipulates, as a class of use,
“commercial … such as a shop, food establishment of theatre” [emphasis added].
It is thus clear that under s 53A(1) of the BMSMA, where permission has been
granted for the opening of a shop in a development pursuant to a grant of
written permission, that development would essentially have been authorised
for commercial use for the purposes of s 53A of the BMSMA.

24 The defendants also submitted that because the header of some of the
earlier written permissions issued by the URA described Palm Gardens as a
“condominium housing development”, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See, eg, the Written Permission dated 14 Feb 2000 in the affidavit of the
defendants dated 14 September 2022 (“Defendants’ Affidavit”) at page 41.

that meant that there was no other separate class of use that was authorised
for the development. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Minute Sheet for TA 9 at page 3.

However, that missed the question that had to be examined, which is whether a
development, whether described as “condominium housing development” or
otherwise, is authorised for two or more classes of use under s 53A(1) of the
BMSMA.

25 Such information is contained in the latest WP for Palm Gardens, where it
is stated that Palm Gardens would comprise “695 separate strata units
(comprising 694 residential units and 1 shop unit)”. As explained at [22]
above, this would mean that Palm Gardens has two authorised classes of use
under the PA, namely, residence and commercial. The requirements in s 53A(1)
BMSMA (identified at [13] above) would consequently be satisfied.

26 The defendants further submitted that just because Palm Gardens was
authorised for two or more different classes of use, it did not necessarily
mean that the development is a “mixed-use development” within the meaning of s
53A(2) of the BMSMA. I was unable to agree with this submission. As explained
above at [17], s 53A(2) of the BMSMA defines “mixed-use development” with
reference to the requirements set out under s 53A(1) of the BMSMA. It follows
that a development would be a mixed-use development under s 53A(2) of the
BMSMA, where s 53A(1) of the BMSMA is satisfied.

The relevance of the URA’s land zoning

27 While the STB agreed that the latest WP should be referred to, it was also
influenced by the URA land zoning categories, and the fact that the land on
which Palm Gardens is situated is zoned as “Residential”. As s 53A(1) of the
BMSMA makes specific reference to whether the property consists of “buildings
authorised under the [PA] for 2 or more … classes of use”, it was in my view,
important to refer to the PA in ascertaining the significance (if any) of the
URA land zoning categories, on whether a particular development was a mixed-
use development.

28 I noted that under the PA, “zoning” is only mentioned in s 8(3)(a). This
provision states that proposals for amendment to the Master Plan may provide
for rezoning in relation to the whole of the area which is the subject of the
Master Plan or any part thereof. The Planning Act Master Plan Written
Statement 2019 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Gillian Chai’s Affidavit at pages 131–156.

sets out 31 different zoning categories. These include categories such as
“Residential”, “Residential with Commercial at 1st storey” and “Commercial &
Residential”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Gillian Chai’s Affidavit at page 141.

29 However, even where a condominium is situated on land that is zoned as
“Residential”, the URA guidelines allow for shops to operate in such
developments under limited circumstances. For instance, such shops are limited
to a maximum of 0.3% of the proposed residential gross floor area and may
engage only in personal trade services (as the STB noted at [34] of the GD).
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendants’ Affidavit at page 91.

In other words, even where land is zoned as “Residential”, the URA guidelines
allow for commercial shops to operate in developments built on such land,
within certain parameters. It was thus clear that the URA land zoning of a
particular plot of land is not determinative of whether a development has two
or more authorised classes of use under the PA. Whether there is such
authorisation would still have to be assessed with reference to the latest WP
issued by the URA (see [21] above).

30 The defendants submitted that a shop subsisting in land zoned as
“Residential” is not a “shop” that falls under the “commercial” class of use
under s 53A(1) of the BMSMA. Instead, shops which are operated on land zoned
as “Residential” should be classified as “ancillary shops”, which are allowed
for under the URA guidelines. With respect, this went against the plain words
of s 53A(1) of the BMSMA, which clearly indicates as a possible class of use
“commercial … such as a shop”. Section 53A(1) of the BMSMA does not state that
only a non-ancillary shop can be authorised for commercial use. To accept the
defendants’ submission would have meant imputing into s 53A(1) of the BMSMA,
the restriction that “shop” only refers to a shop that is not ancillary to the
development, when the plain language of s 53A(1) of the BMSMA cannot sustain
such an interpretation.

31 In addition, if Parliament had intended that the authorised classes of use
under the PA for the purposes of s 53A(1) of the BMSMA were to be determined
according to the URA land zoning, the provision could have stated so expressly
in those terms, but it did not. On the contrary, s 53A of the BMSMA makes no
mention of land zoning.

The replies from officers of the BCA and the URA

32 The replies from the BCA officers and/or the URA officer to queries from
the parties were not binding on the court in answering the question of whether
Palm Gardens was a residential or mixed-use development, or more generally,
how s 53A of the BMSMA was to be interpreted. However, as the STB made
reference to these replies in the GD, I examined the correspondence for
completeness.

33 When the MSCT’s managing agent wrote to a Deputy Director in the Building
Management Department, Building Plan and Management Group of the BCA (the “BCA
Deputy Director”), to ask him generally whether s 53A of the BMSMA would apply
to a development consisting of 600 plus residential units with one shop unit,
the BCA Deputy Director replied: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Gillian Chai’s Affidavit at pages 774–775.

… The following is an extract of section 53A(1) & (2) of the BMSMA. You may
wish to refer to the Written Permission issued by URA for the development to
check what class of use the ‘shop’ comes under. …

34 In relation to a more specific query regarding Bayshore Park, a residential
condominium, with more than 1,000 residential units and several shops, the BCA
Deputy Director said: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Gillian Chai’s Affidavit at page 777.

…

2 Under Section 53A of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act
(BMSMA), a management corporation (MCST) comprising 2 or more classes of use
authorised under the Planning Act, should first reserve at least one seat in
the council for each class of use listed in this provision.

3 We note that the grant of written permission of 16 May 1983 stated that
there were housing units (residence) and shop units (commercial) in the
development, which these two types of unit also fall under the classes of use
in Section 53A of the BMSMA. Thus, Section 53A applies to this development. …

35 The STB did not explain in the GD why it did not refer to the BCA Deputy
Director’s explanations. The STB stated that replies from the BCA and the URA
“unambiguously stated that [Palm Gardens] is classified as a residential
development” (GD at [33]). It appears that the STB had relied on a reply from
a more junior officer in the BCA, a Senior Manager in Building Management (the
“BCA Senior Manager”), who stated (GD at [33]): 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendants’ Affidavit at page 46.

… Section 53A of the BMSMA provides for the election of council in a mixed -
use development. Based on our records, MCST 2553 is registered as residential
development....

36 As the exact question posed to the BCA Senior Manager was not disclosed in
the records, it was not known what the registration mentioned by that officer
relates to. In any event, the central inquiry under s 53A of the BMSMA is not
whether the BCA had registered the MCST as residential or otherwise, but
whether under the PA, the MCST consisted of buildings authorised for two or
more of the classes of use identified in s 53A(1) of the BMSMA. That must be
answered with reference to the latest WP for Palm Gardens.

37 In determining that Palm Gardens was not a mixed-use development, the STB
also noted that the URA stated that Palm Gardens is classified as a
residential development. It appears that the other correspondence relied on by
the STB was from an URA officer. The defendants had written to the URA to ask,
with reference to the WP, whether Palm Gardens was a mixed-use development and
whether Section 53A BMSMA applied to Palm Gardens. The URA officer replied: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Gillian Chai’s Affidavit at page 24.

… Palm Gardens is approved as a Residential (not mixed) development. I am
unable to comment on the BMSMA as it is administered by BCA. … [emphasis
added]

38 Notably, the URA officer specifically declined to comment on whether Palm
Gardens was a “mixed-use” development under s 53A of the BMSMA. While s 53A of
the BMSMA specifically states that the question of whether a development is
“mixed-use” is assessed with reference to the authorisation under the Planning
Act, the URA officer did not make reference to this, but instead simply said
that she was not able to comment on the BMSMA. It thus appeared that she was
not familiar with s 53A of the BMSMA.

39 From the above examination of the two correspondences from the URA and the
BCA relied on by the STB, it could not be said that “both the authorities
unambiguously stated that the Property is classified as a residential
development”, as the STB had found (GD at [33]). Instead, a more senior BCA
officer, the BCA Deputy Director, had stated that reference should be made to
the written permission issued by the URA (see [33] above) and that where the
written permission stated that there were housing (residence) and shop units
(commercial), s 53A BMSMA would apply (see [34] above).

40 I would add that the determination of what constitutes a “mixed-use
development” for the purposes of s 53A of the BMSMA is not related to the duty
or power of a MCST under s 29(1)(a) of the BMSMA. In the course of
submissions, the defendants highlighted that in an earlier STB decision, the
STB had found that the MCST has the power pursuant to s 29(1)(a) of the BMSMA
to restrict members of the public who are not residents, guests of residents
or related staff to enter the development and accordingly, to patronise the
commercial units in the development. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Minute Sheet for TA 9 at pages 2–3.

As this issue was not before me, I made no judgment on this. However, it
appeared that there was some concern that if Palm Gardens were found to be a
“mixed-use development” under s 53A of the BMSMA, that would affect the
ability of the MCST to make restrictions on entry. However, there is nothing
in s 29(1)(a) of the BMSMA that refers to s 53A of the BMSMA, or vice versa.
In my analysis, and in the submission of both counsels, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Minute Sheet for TA 9 at page 3–4.

the two provisions are not related.

Conclusion

41 For the reasons above, I allowed the appeal. I consequently granted the two
orders sought by the MCST, which were that:

(a) on a proper construction of s 53A of the BMSMA, the section applies so
long as the conditions in s 53A(1) are satisfied; and

(b) the decision of the STB in STB No 6 of 2022 invalidating the election
result of the AGM of the MCST, and ordering Mr Zhang to vacate his council
seat, be set aside.

42 Before the STB, the MCST had been ordered to pay the defendants costs of
$1600 (GD at [41(F)]). Some of the findings made by the STB were not appealed
against. I awarded the MCST some of the disbursements sought for in the
proceedings before the STB, in the sum of $800. I awarded the MCST costs for
this appeal, in the sum of $15,000 plus disbursements in the amount of
$5701.29.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Toh Kok Seng, Chai Yi Ling Gillian and Tan Hong Xun Enzel (Lee & Lee) for the
claimant;

Tan Siang Teck Kenneth, Bridges Christopher and Elwyna Ee Lin Yu (Christopher
Bridges Law Corporation) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Nov 2022 (09:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

