Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 202

Suit No 1028 of 2020

Between

Chiap Seng Productions Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Newspaper Seng Logistics Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Landlord and Tenant — Agreements for leases]

[Landlord and Tenant — Creation of tenancy — Contract]

[Landlord and Tenant — Capacity to grant tenancies — Companies]

[Landlord and Tenant — Distress for rent — Illegal distress]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chiap Seng Productions Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Newspaper Seng Logistics Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 202

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1028 of 2020  
Tan Siong Thye J  
18–20 May, 24–27 May, 22 July 2022

22 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Chiap Seng Productions Pte Ltd, is in the business of
supplying and installing scaffolding and seats for spectator events, such as
the Formula 1 (“F1”) night race held in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Facts (“ASOF”) at para 3.

The defendant, Newspaper Seng Logistics Pte Ltd, is in the business of
newspaper recycling and manufacturing. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement (“DOS”) at para 5.

It was formerly known as Hup Eng Wooden Cases Co Pte Ltd (“Hup Eng”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ASOF at para 4.

2 The dispute arises out of a Service Agreement signed between the plaintiff
and the defendant on 1 November 2019 (“the Service Agreement”). Under the
Service Agreement, the plaintiff and the defendant agreed that the plaintiff
would store its assets (“the Assets”) at 33 Defu Lane 6, Defu Industrial Park
A, Singapore 539381 (“the Premises”) for a monthly fee payable to the
defendant. The defendant was at the material time occupying the Premises. It
had leased the Premises from the main landlord, JTC Corporation (“JTC”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DOS at para 5.

3 On 24 September 2020, after the plaintiff was in arrears of its monthly
fees, the defendant seized all of the Assets which were stored within the
Premises. Although the plaintiff’s business was adversely affected by the
restrictions imposed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it was prepared to pay the
arrears if the defendant had informed the plaintiff of the correct Statements
of Accounts (“SOAs”). On 5 October 2020, the defendant sold the Assets for
scrap at a price of $42,800 (inclusive of Goods and Services Tax (“GST”)) to
Yew Huat Scaffolding & Construction Pte Ltd (“Yew Huat”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DOS at para 19.

4 The plaintiff claims against the defendant for damages arising out of the
defendant’s intentional disposal of the Assets which were stored at the
Premises. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 5) (“SOC”) at para 1(a).

The plaintiff claims for restitution, payment and/or recovery of the monies
for which the Assets were sold. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 1(b).

The plaintiff also claims against the defendant for theft and/or criminal
misappropriation. This was on the grounds that the defendant knew and had
actual knowledge that the plaintiff did not consent to the sale of the Assets.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 3.

Based on the above, the plaintiff seeks, inter alia, the following: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 93.

(a) a declaration that the defendant had:

(i) trespassed against the Assets;

(ii) unlawfully sold and/or disposed of the Assets without the plaintiff’s
consent;

(iii) unlawfully misappropriated the Assets;

(iv) unlawfully converted the Assets;

(b) a declaration that the plaintiff is and was at all material times the
lawful owner of the Assets and/or that title to the Assets vests in the
plaintiff;

(c) a declaration that any sale and/or disposal of the Assets to any other
person, and in particular to Yew Huat, is unlawful and any such arrangements,
contracts and/or agreements between the defendant and these other persons are
null and void;

(d) an account and/or itemisation of the Assets which were sold and/or
disposed of by the defendant;

(e) an order for immediate delivery to the plaintiff of all of the Assets
within the control and/or possession of the defendant;

(f) an order for the plaintiff to recover from Yew Huat the Assets;

(g) an order for the defendant to recover from Yew Huat the Assets at its own
expense;

(h) an assessment of damages in respect of the Assets sold and disposed of by
the defendant;

(i) an indemnity from the defendant in the event of claims made against the
plaintiff arising from the defendant’s actions in respect of the Assets; and

(j) damages to be assessed.

5 The defendant counterclaims against the plaintiff for the sum of $6,750,
this being the balance of the outstanding arrears due from the plaintiff after
taking into account the sale proceeds of the Assets. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DOS at para 69; Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 32 lines 11–14.

Background to the dispute

The parties’ contractual relationship

6 The defendant wanted to sublet part of its premises to a tenant. It engaged
a real estate agent from ERA Realty Network Pte Ltd to seek for a tenant. On
23 October 2019, the defendant accepted the Letter of Intent (“LOI”) from the
plaintiff. In the LOI, the defendant agreed to lease 10,400 square feet of the
Premises to the plaintiff to store the Assets comprising scaffolding for
multi-tiered seating galleries and for the F1 night race. The LOI indicated
that the rental was for a period of 24 months at $10,400 per month, and also
indicated that the plaintiff was to pay two months of security deposit, ie,
$20,800. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Amended Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”) at p 1.

Subsequently, the plaintiff and the defendant executed and entered into the
Service Agreement on 1 November 2019. The main terms of the Service Agreement
are as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at para 16.

(a) The plaintiff was allowed to use a portion of the Premises measuring about
10,400 square feet (“the Service Area”) for a period of 12 months from 1
November 2019 to 31 October 2020. The duration of the lease in the Service
Agreement was changed from 24 months as stated in the LOI to 12 months.

(b) The monthly service fee was $10,400 per month plus GST (“the Service
Fee”).

(c) The use of the Premises was for storage.

(d) Should JTC, the main landlord of the Premises, disallow the Service
Agreement or the use of the Service Area by the plaintiff for storage, the
Service Agreement shall be deemed terminated and the plaintiff is to vacate
the Premises within the time set out by JTC.

7 Following the signing of the Service Agreement, the plaintiff moved the
Assets comprising scaffolding for multi-tiered seating galleries and for the
F1 night race to the Service Area. The other occupier of the Premises was the
defendant. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at para 5.2.

The COVID-19 Act

8 On 3 April 2020, the Singapore Government announced the “Circuit Breaker”
measures, which lasted from 7 April 2020 to 1 June 2020. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at paras 19–20.

Large audience events were prohibited during this period. This resulted in a
significant fall in the plaintiff’s income. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at paras 23–24.

The COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) Act 2020 (Act 14 of 2020) (“the COVID-19
Act”) was passed during this period to support businesses like the plaintiff,
which were adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the “Circuit
Breaker” measures.

Events from December 2019 to June 2020

9 On 1 December 2019, the defendant issued an invoice for $10,400 to the
plaintiff for the use of the Service Area. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASOF at para 5.3.

On 26 December 2019, Mr Lau Poh Seng (“Mr Lau”) purchased a 49% share in the
defendant and became the defendant’s managing director. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASOF at para 5.4.

10 In January 2020, before the COVID-19 pandemic, the parties agreed to reduce
the Service Area to 9,000 square feet. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASOF at para 5.5; SOC at para 17.

Correspondingly, the Service Fee was also reduced to $9,000 per month with
effect from 1 January 2020. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at para 18.

However, this reduction was only reflected in the invoices issued by the
defendant from June 2020 onwards. The invoices issued by the defendant to the
plaintiff from January 2020 to May 2020 are as follows:

(a) 2 January 2020: invoice for $10,400; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ASOF at para 5.6.

(b) 2 February 2020: invoice for $10,400 plus GST; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ASOF at para 5.7.

(c) 2 March 2020: invoice for $10,400 plus GST; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ASOF at para 5.9.

(d) 1 April 2020: invoice for $10,400 plus GST; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ASOF at para 5.10.

and

(e) 2 May 2020: invoice for $10,400 plus GST. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ASOF at para 5.12.

11 On 6 February 2020, the defendant sent a letter to the plaintiff demanding
payment of the Service Fees for January and February 2020 amounting to $22,256
including GST (“the 1st LOD”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ABOD at p 14.

The 1st LOD was received by the plaintiff at its office. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript (20 May 2022) at p 60 lines 7–12.

12 On 13 February 2020, the plaintiff paid $10,400 to the defendant according
to the invoices issued by the defendant for January and February 2020. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ASOF at para 5.8.

13 The defendant issued the following SOAs to the plaintiff from April to June
2020:

(a) On 30 April 2020, the defendant issued its SOA as at 30 April 2020 in the
sum of $54,912. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ASOF at para 5.11.

(b) On 9 June 2020, the defendant issued its SOA stating that the outstanding
amount owed by the plaintiff was $57,150. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ASOF at para 5.15.

14 On 1 June 2020, the defendant issued two credit notes of $1,400 and $5,992
to offset the overcharged amount from January 2020 to May 2020 (“the Credit
Notes”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC at para 18.

15 On 29 June 2020, the defendant’s solicitors sent a letter of demand to the
plaintiff for arrears in rental from December 2019 to June 2020 amounting to
$57,150 (“the 2nd LOD”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ABOD at p 40.

The 2nd LOD was also faxed to xxxx3492. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ASOF at para 5.16; DOS at para 10(b).

Events from July 2020 to September 2020

16 The defendant issued the following invoices to the plaintiff from July 2020
to September 2020:

(a) 1 July 2020: invoice for $9,000 plus GST; 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ASOF at para 5.17.

(b) 2 August 2020: invoice for $9,000 plus GST; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ASOF at para 5.19.

and

(c) 1 September 2020: invoice for $9,000 plus GST. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ASOF at para 5.22.

17 The plaintiff paid the following amounts to the defendant from July 2020 to
August 2020:

(a) On 15 July 2020, the plaintiff paid the defendant two months of the
Service Fees totalling $18,000 plus GST. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ASOF at para 5.18.

(b) On 19 August 2020, the plaintiff paid the defendant one month of the
Service Fee amounting to $9,000 plus GST. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ASOF at para 5.20.

18 On 31 August 2020, CHBC Integrated Builders Pte Ltd (“CHBC”), a
representative of JTC, issued a letter addressed to the defendant informing
the defendant that its subletting of the Premises to the plaintiff was not
authorised and that there were unapproved structures present on the Premises
(“the CHBC Letter”). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ASOF at para 5.21.

19 On 9 September 2020, the defendant’s solicitors sent the plaintiff a letter
of demand for $37,120 in arrears as at June 2020 (“the 3rd LOD”). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ASOF at para 5.23.

The 3rd LOD was faxed to xxxx3492. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ABOD at p 49.

In the 3rd LOD, the defendant’s solicitors also mentioned that JTC had found
that the defendant’s lease of the Premises to the plaintiff was unapproved and
requested that the plaintiff vacate the Premises by 14 September 2020. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ABOD at p 49.

On 15 September 2020, the defendant’s solicitors sent the plaintiff a reminder
copy of the 3rd LOD. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ASOF at para 5.24.

20 On 18 September 2020, the defendant’s solicitors sent the plaintiff a
letter of demand for the sum of $37,120 in arrears (“the 4th LOD”). In the 4th
LOD, the defendant’s solicitors also mentioned that JTC had found that the
defendant’s lease of the Premises to the plaintiff was unapproved and that JTC
requested that the plaintiff vacate the Premises by 22 September 2020. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ASOF at para 5.25; ABOD at p 51.

21 On 24 September 2020, the Assets began to be transported out of the
Premises. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ASOF at para 5.26; Answer to Interrogatories dated 17 November 2021 at para
11.

This was observed by Ms Isabel Tan (“Ms Tay”), the plaintiff’s accounts
executive, who had gone down to the Premises attempting to make payment with a
cheque for $20,000. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) (“RDCC”) at para 9(a).

Ms Tay spoke to a man in pink, whom Mr Lau identified in Court as “Patrick”,
one of the defendant’s managers (“Mr Patrick”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 75 line 22.

However, before the trial, Mr Lau, had in his answer to the plaintiff’s
interrogatories, denied knowing “the man in pink ” to whom Ms Tay had referred
to. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Set Down Bundle at pp 172–173.

Mr Patrick was supervising the removal of the Assets. He told Ms Tay that
based on the 4th LOD, the defendant had the right to sell the Assets as they
had not been removed by 22 September 2020. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

RDCC at para 10(b).

22 On 25 September 2020, the defendant’s solicitors sent the plaintiff a
letter informing the plaintiff that the defendant had removed the Assets from
the Premises and sold them. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ASOF at para 5.27; ABOD at p 58.

23 From 25 September 2020 to 30 September 2020, the plaintiff sent numerous
e-mails to the defendant containing, inter alia, the plaintiff’s creditor
statement and a letter informing the defendant that it had unlawfully
trespassed against the plaintiff’s property. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ASOF at sub-paras 5.28–5.33; ABOD at pp 65–66 and 68–69.

On 29 September 2020, the plaintiff also arranged for its employees to
retrieve the remainder of the Assets from the Premises, but Mr Patrick refused
to allow them to do so. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

RDCC at para 10(c).

On 30 September 2020, the plaintiff’s employees witnessed a transport company
removing the remainder of the Assets from the Service Area. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

RDCC at para 10(d).

24 On 30 September 2020, the defendant issued its SOA as at 30 September 2020
showing: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ASOF at para 5.34.

(a) a one-month deposit of $10,400;

(b) an outstanding sum of $46,750; and

(c) the Credit Notes dated 1 June 2020 for $1,400 and $5,992.

25 It is undisputed that the defendant failed to do the following when it
removed the Assets and sold them for scrap:

(a) The defendant did not obtain any Court order for the disposal of the
Assets. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ASOF at para 6.

(b) The defendant did not carry out an inventory of the Assets before
disposing of them. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ASOF at para 7.

(c) The defendant did not carry out any valuation of the Assets before
disposing of them. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ASOF at para 8.

The IRAS Grant

26 On 18 February 2021, the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”)
issued a letter to the defendant with the title “NOTICE OF CASH GRANT AND
RENTAL WAIVER (RENTAL RELIEF FRAMEWORK)”, informing the defendant that it
would be issued a cash grant amounting to $5,760 (“the Notice of Cash Grant”).
The Notice of Cash Grant named the plaintiff as a subtenant eligible for a
two-month rental waiver. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ASOF at para 5.36; ABOD at pp 82–87.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

27 The plaintiff submits that the Service Agreement is a tenancy agreement, or
at the very least a license agreement. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

SOC at para 92C.

The plaintiff relies on IRAS’ direction for the plaintiff to pay stamp duty on
the Service Agreement. This direction was given following the plaintiff’s
application under the COVID-19 Act for a waiver of two months’ rental. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SOC at para 92A.

On 30 October 2020, the plaintiff was also informed by the Registrar of
Assessors that its application for rental waiver fell within Part 2A of the
COVID-19 Act. Part 2A of the COVID-19 Act prohibits landlords, ie the
defendant, from taking enforcement actions described in s 19G(2) of the
COVID-19 Act against the prescribed tenant-occupier (“PTO”), ie, the
plaintiff. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SOC at para 92D.

28 Further and/or in the alternative, the plaintiff submits that the Service
Agreement being a tenancy agreement is governed by the Distress Act (Cap 84,
2013 Rev Ed) (“Distress Act”). This is because IRAS considers the Service
Agreement to be a tenancy agreement. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

SOC at para 92F.

The defendant, therefore, breached the Distress Act by: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

SOC at para 92G.

(a) failing to give the plaintiff sufficient reasonable notice to make payment
of the arrears in rental, particularly during the COVID-19 lockdown;

(b) failing to secure a Judgment in its favour;

(c) failing to apply for a Writ of Possession; and

(d) disposing of the Assets which relate to the plaintiff’s business or work.

29 The plaintiff maintains that it did not install the illegal structures.
However, before the trial started, the defendant alleged that the plaintiff
had erected the “illegal structures” highlighted by CHBC when the latter
inspected the Premises. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB at pp 46–47; SOC at paras 58–59.

30 The plaintiff claims that the 2nd LOD, the 3rd LOD and the 4th LOD issued
by the defendant were defective on the following grounds:

(a) The plaintiff did not receive or have sight of the 2nd LOD dated 29 June
2020. The plaintiff also denies that the amount outstanding as at 29 June 2020
was $57,150 as alleged in the 2nd LOD. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

RDCC at para 4(a).

(b) The amount claimed by the defendant in the 3rd LOD dated 9 September 2020
is $37,676. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC at para 31.

This is erroneous. The plaintiff submits that the correct amount following the
reduction in the Service Area and Service Fees should be $36,350. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SOC at para 32.

The 3rd LOD also demanded vacant possession by 14 September 2020. However, the
plaintiff only received the 3rd LOD on 15 September 2020 when the plaintiff’s
staff were allowed to return to the office to work in accordance with the
COVID-19 restriction measures imposed by the Government. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC at para 31.

The defendant’s counsel wrongly faxed the 3rd LOD to xxxx3492 when the
plaintiff’s correct fax number was and is xxxx2991. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SOC at para 33; Transcript (20 May 2022) at p 59 lines 9–12.

(c) The 4th LOD dated 18 September 2020 was not sent to the plaintiff’s active
managing director, Mr Heng Lee Kiang (“Mr Heng”). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

RDCC at para 8(a).

The 4th LOD was addressed to Mr Heng but the address stated therein was one Mr
Heng Nge Guan’s registered address. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

RDCC at para 8(a).

Mr Heng Nge Guan was the plaintiff’s other registered director. He was,
however, not active in the running and management of the plaintiff. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC at para 4.

Thus, the plaintiff was unaware that it had to vacate the Premises before 22
September 2020 as it only had sight of the 4th LOD on 24 September 2020, ie,
past the deadline of 22 September 2020. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

RDCC at para 8(b).

31 The plaintiff further argues that the defendant fabricated “an artificial
situation and artificial excuse” to dispose of the Assets with no regard to
the interests of the plaintiff. The plaintiff also argues that the defendant
“was disingenuous in sending letters of demand which the [d]efendant knew or
ought to have known would most probably be missed”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC at para 53.

The defendant was also uncontactable or refused to accept payment of
outstanding rental arrears when the plaintiff attempted to do so. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

RDCC at para 10(a).

32 Finally, the plaintiff submits that the defendant had unilaterally sold off
the Assets without authority. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOC at para 55.

The defendant also failed to itemise the Assets such that the plaintiff had no
information to ascertain if the price at which the Assets were sold ($40,000)
was a fair price. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC at para 56.

The plaintiff claims that as at 30 September 2020, the Assets were worth
$3,153,118.64. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC at para 27.

33 Alternatively, the plaintiff submits that, in late June to early July 2020,
the defendant’s manager, Mr Alex Ang (“Mr Ang”), called Mr Heng and requested
a payment of only two months of rental fees. This payment was made by the
plaintiff soon thereafter. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC at para 29B.

Given that the Circuit Breaker measures were in force at the time, the
plaintiff was under the impression that the payment of two months of rental
fees was sufficient for the defendant not to enforce any rights or penalties
against the plaintiff. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SOC at para 29D.

Accordingly, the defendant represented that the payment of two months of
rental fees was satisfactory and/or the defendant is estopped from acting
against the plaintiff and the Assets. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SOC at para 29E.

The defendant’s case

34 The defendant submits that the Service Agreement was a mere contract for
the provision of services and was not a lease or licence for the use of the
Service Area. First, the defendant argues that it did not have proprietary or
ownership rights in the Premises. Therefore, the defendant could not have
granted a lease or licence to the plaintiff to use the Service Area. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 10–44; Transcript (20 May
2022) at p 107 lines 6–12.

Second, the defendant avers that the parties had fully intended to enter into
a mere agreement for services and not a tenancy agreement and/or licence
agreement for the use of the Premises. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS at paras 45–61.

The defendant argues, among others, that the Service Agreement is not a lease
agreement as the plaintiff did not have exclusive possession of the Premises.
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DOS at para 59.

For example, the defendant had a right to conduct random inspections of the
Premises without giving notice and the plaintiff was forbidden from displaying
any signboards and notices under any circumstances. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DOS at sub-paras 60(d) and 60(h).

35 The defendant avers that the Service Agreement does not fall within the
ambit of the Distress Act or Part 2A of the COVID-19 Act. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at paras 62–94.

The defendant also argues that the plaintiff’s conduct removes it from seeking
protection under s 19G of the COVID-19 Act. Section 19G of the COVID-19 Act
stipulates that the moratorium only applies in relation to “non-payment of
rent”. However, the defendant’s termination of the Service Agreement was not
only due to the plaintiff’s non-payment of the Service Fees, but also due to
the installation of illegal structures found on the Premises as stated in the
CHBC Letter. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DOS at para 68.

36 The defendant further submits that it was contractually entitled to dispose
of the Assets due to the plaintiff’s repudiation of the Service Agreement
under Clause 3(cc) of the Service Agreement. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS at paras 95–107; DOS at para 26.

The defendant argues that the plaintiff breached the Service Agreement as
follows: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DOS at para 9.

(a) the Service Fee for January 2020 was only paid on 13 February 2020;

(b) the Service Fees for February and March 2020 were only paid on 15 July
2020;

(c) the Service Fee for April 2020 was only paid on 19 August 2020; and

(d) the Service Fees for May 2020 to September 2020 were completely unpaid.

37 Finally, the defendant avers that the plaintiff may not rely on estoppel to
establish its claim as (a) the plaintiff has not properly pleaded its case on
estoppel; and (b) in any event, there was no actionable representation made.
89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DOS at para 41.

Issues to be determined

38 The main issues are as follows:

(a) Was the Service Agreement, in substance, a tenancy agreement between the
plaintiff and the defendant?

(b) If the Service Agreement was a tenancy agreement, was the plaintiff
protected under the COVID-19 Act from enforcement actions taken by the
defendant as its landlord?

(c) If the Service Agreement was a tenancy agreement, was the defendant’s
intentional disposal of the Assets in breach of the Distress Act?

(d) If the defendant’s intentional disposal of the Assets was wrongful either
under the COVID-19 Act or the Distress Act, what is the appropriate remedy to
be awarded to the plaintiff?

(e) Regarding the defendant’s counterclaim, is the defendant entitled to the
sum of $6,750 being the balance outstanding arrears due from the plaintiff?

My findings

39 I shall confine my findings to the issues pertaining to liability as the
parties have agreed to bifurcate and defer the issues relating to quantum of
damages after the Court has ascertained the issues on liability.

Was the Service Agreement a tenancy agreement?

The parties’ intention was to enter into a landlord-tenant relationship

(1) The LOI

40 The LOI is an important document as it is the first instrument agreed
between the parties and it discloses their intention and purpose in entering
into a legal relationship. The LOI clearly shows that the parties intended to
enter into a landlord-tenant relationship. First, the LOI expressly refers to
the plaintiff as the “Tenant” and the defendant as the Landlord. Mr Keh Eng
Hong (“Mr Keh”), the majority shareholder of the defendant, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 49 lines 3–8.

signed the LOI as the defendant’s representative. He affixed the defendant’s
then-named Hup Eng’s company stamp beside his signature under the “Signature
of Landlord” field on the second page of the LOI. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ABOD at p 2.

The LOI makes no mention of any “Service Fee”. Instead, it refers to payment
of a “Monthly Rental”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

ABOD at p 1.

Numerous other references to a landlord-tenant relationship are also present:
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

ABOD at p 1.

(a) Clause 1 of the LOI provides that the “lease shall be for a term of 24
months”.

(b) Clause 8 of the LOI confers a “rent-free fitting-out period” to the
“Tenant”, ie the plaintiff.

(c) Clause 10 of the LOI expressly refers to a “Tenancy Agreement” and
provides that the “cost of stamping [the tenancy agreement is] to be borne by
the Tenant”.

41 It is patently clear from the language of the LOI that the LOI was intended
by the parties to reflect a landlord-tenant relationship. The defendant’s
attempt to suggest that the LOI did not create a landlord-tenant relationship
is completely misconceived. Further, the fact that the LOI is specified to be
“Subject To Contract” 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

ABOD at p 2.

does not change the inference that the parties had intended to create a
landlord-tenant relationship.

(2) The Service Agreement

42 The Service Agreement may not have explicitly referred to the parties as
landlord and tenant unlike in the LOI. But the substance of the Service
Agreement reflects that of a tenancy agreement. The defendant argues that if
the plaintiff intended for the Service Agreement to be a tenancy agreement, it
was always open to the plaintiff to insist that it be reworded to follow the
LOI. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions dated 20 June 2022 (“DRS”) at para 6.

However, when the Service Agreement was signed, the plaintiff thought the
Service Agreement was, in substance, a tenancy agreement as expressed in the
LOI which was a template completed and filled in by the defendant’s real
estate agent. The Service Agreement was also prepared by the defendant. The
plaintiff was unaware of the sinister motive of the defendant in calling it a
Service Agreement to avoid seeking approval from JTC to sublet the Service
Area to the plaintiff.

43 The focus of an analysis in identifying the nature of an agreement is one
of substance and not form. From a reading of the Service Agreement, it is, in
substance, a tenancy agreement. There are tell-tale signs that the Service
Agreement was a tenancy agreement. This is most clear from the manner in which
the Service Agreement describes the subject matter in question, as well as the
nature of the obligations. For instance, the Service Area was referred to as
the “rental premises” (see para 3(d)), “Demised Premises” (see para 3(l)),
“DEMISED SERVICE AREA” (see para 3(n)), with no unauthorised subletting (see
para 3(t)). Further, the plaintiff’s responsibilities in paragraphs 3(l), (m),
(o), (q)–(s) and (aa) and the defendant’s duties in paragraphs 4(a) and (b)
suggest that the Service Agreement was in substance a tenancy agreement.

44 Further, it looks like the only service provided by the defendant in the
Service Agreement was to allow the plaintiff to use the Service Area for the
storage of the Assets. The physical arrangement at the Premises pursuant to
the Service Agreement also echoes this finding. I shall deal with the specific
clauses of the Service Agreement and the physical arrangement at [98]–[107]
below. Even taking the defendant’s case, ie that this was a service agreement,
I do not see the defendant providing any form of service other than an area
for storage. Indeed, the counsel for the plaintiff points out in his oral
closing submissions that the only purported “service” that the defendant
offered was to provide a space for the plaintiff to store the Assets, and no
other forms of benefits were conferred. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at p 30 lines 8–18.

As I informed the counsel for the defendant (Ms Lim) in her oral closing
submissions that it would be to overstretch and do violence to the common-
sensical understanding of a “service agreement” if the Court were to accept
the defendant’s position: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at pp 42 line 18 to 43 line 10.

COURT: Are you stretching the word “service” to the extent of corrupting the
word “service” and you are saying that the service is to allow the plaintiff
to store the assets in the premises?

MS LIM: Your Honour, my client’s case can only go insofar as what the service
agreement states and –

COURT: That’s precisely my point. I have to construe the terms and conditions
of the service agreement and come to a decision as to whether it is a service
agreement or was it a tenancy agreement. If it is a service agreement, the
fundamental question that I need to address is what is the service? The only
service I can see is to allow the plaintiff to store their assets and you
confirmed that that is the only service provided. If that is the only service,
are you not corrupting the word “service”? There is no service whatsoever. It
is just to allow the plaintiff to put the assets there.

45 Be that as it may, the evidence and the witness’ testimony adduced at trial
support my finding that the Service Agreement was, in substance, a tenancy
agreement.

46 The starting point is to note that the plaintiff would not know whether the
Premises was leased to them legally or otherwise. This is because the
plaintiff was given the impression that the defendant was the landlord in the
LOI. The defendant was described categorically as the landlord in the LOI and
Mr Keh, in his personal capacity, was not a party in the LOI. The cover page
of the Service Agreement refers to the defendant and the plaintiff as parties
to the Service Agreement. Similarly, Mr Keh was not a party to the Service
Agreement. Mr Keh signed the Service Agreement on behalf of the then-named
defendant, Hup Eng. This is consistent with Ms Tay’s answers given in court
during her cross-examination. Specifically, Ms Tay was questioned by counsel
for the defendant (Ms Lim) on why she inserted Mr Keh’s name as the landlord
of the Premises instead of the defendant’s when she submitted the plaintiff’s
application for rental relief to the Ministry of Law. In response, she said
that Mr Keh represented the defendant in signing the Service Agreement: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 9 lines 1–6.

MS LIM: Yes, my question is, Ms Tay, based on this rental detail form,
plaintiff had always known that the landlord is Keh Eng Hong; correct?

A. No, from my understanding Keh is represent defendants, so when I see the
landlord’s name, so he -- the one I fill is the name.

[emphasis added]

Therefore, from the plaintiff’s perspective, it is clear that the plaintiff
viewed the defendant as its landlord and Mr Keh as the defendant’s
representative.

47 Further, Mr Lau had given inconsistent evidence during cross-examination by
counsel for the plaintiff (Mr Loh) as to whether the Service Agreement was a
tenancy agreement. Initially, Mr Lau admitted that the plaintiff was paying
“rental” and stated multiple times that the Service Fees and rental fees were
one and the same: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 89 line 16 to p 90 line 9.

A. Yes, even though it’s meant for storing, it is -- it is still considered
renting because they need to pay rental, they need to pay money.

Q. Okay. So, Mr Lau, you just told the court that Chiap Seng needs to pay
rental; correct?

A. Service fee, rental is the same.

Q. It’s the same?

A. It’s all money.

Q. Mr Lau, please be careful. Rental and service fee are different things. I
will ask you one last time. Chiap Seng paid rental or Chiap Seng paid a
service fee?

A. Service fee.

Q. Okay then.

A. It’s the same, it’s all money.

Q. Beg your pardon?

A. It’s the same, it’s all money.

COURT: What?

A. It’s the same, your Honour, it’s all money.

[emphasis added]

48 However, he later changed his evidence that the Service Agreement was not a
tenancy agreement: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 34 line 20 to p 38 line 19.

COURT: … when you receive a letter from JTC stating about the subletting --
before I go into that, I am not sure of your evidence when you were asked
about the service agreement. You mentioned something like service agreement,
tenancy agreement also the same, payment of money. Is that how you understand
it to be?

A. For service it is only temporary, they must complete -- service is only
temporary and they must -- for the contract they must fulfil one year.
Otherwise they have to pay for losses.

COURT: Tenancy is also the same, right, you can have a one-year tenancy, you
can have a two-year tenancy, you can have a three-year tenancy?

A. Mr Keh said if we put the word “service”, then we would not be fined.

…

COURT: So your thinking as far, Mr Lau, is whether it is a service agreement
or a tenancy agreement, it is the same, because it’s about payment of money.
Is that correct? Your thinking.

A. Mr Keh told me it was different.

COURT: Mr Lau, did I ask you what is Mr Keh’s thinking?

A. But to me it is also different, to my mind.

COURT: Yes, but why did you tell the court a few days ago that tenancy
agreement or service agreement is the same? You pay money.

…

COURT: So, Mr Lau, now you are saying that service agreement is different from
tenancy agreement?

A. Privately it’s the same, but when we talk about the government, it’s
different.

COURT: Why? How do you know the government is different?

A. Because it cannot be rented out. That was why we put “service”.

[emphasis added]

49 From the above exchanges, it is clear that Mr Lau vacillated repeatedly in
his evidence on the central issue of this Suit: were the parties in a
landlord-tenant relationship? Mr Lau accepted that the Service Agreement and a
tenancy agreement were one and the same where it suited him, ie, as the
defendant would get paid either way. However, Mr Lau adamantly denied that the
Service Agreement and a tenancy agreement were the same where it would
disadvantage the defendant, ie, where it would mean the defendant was in
breach of its main lease agreement with its landlord, JTC. Mr Lau’s
inconsistent evidence on this central and critical issue was plainly
unsatisfactory.

50 It can be inferred from the evidence that Mr Lau accepted that there was a
tenancy agreement. Although the contract was termed as the Service Agreement,
in reality, it was in fact a tenancy agreement. The defendant thought that by
calling it a Service Agreement instead of a tenancy agreement, it could
overcome JTC’s prohibition against subletting the Premises without approval
from JTC. However, it is clear from the language of the LOI that the plaintiff
and the defendant were tenant and landlord respectively. The characterisation
of the agreement as a Service Agreement was simply to conceal from JTC that
the defendant was subletting to the plaintiff without JTC’s approval. I shall
elaborate on this below.

Was the defendant the tenant of JTC?

(1) The defendant’s arguments

51 The defendant argues that it was not JTC’s tenant of the Premises 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript (20 May 2022) at p 79 lines 3–4.

and, therefore, had no authority to grant a lease or licence to the plaintiff
for the plaintiff’s use of the Service Area. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS at para 10.

Accordingly, the Service Agreement is not a lease agreement. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript (20 May 2022) at p 107 lines 6–12.

The defendant’s case is three-fold.

52 First, the defendant avers that the joint tenants of the Premises were Mr
Keh and his wife, Mdm Tan Chwee Gnoh (“Mdm Tan”). 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) (“Defence”) at para 19R(a).

Mr Keh and Mdm Tan are also reflected as joint tenants of the Premises in the
Singapore Titles Automated Registration System (“STARS”). 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at D1, p 4.

The title search on the Premises, which the defendant relies on, reads as
follows: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at D1, p 1 and p 4.

Lot Number : MK22-3510T

Property Address : 33 DEFU LANE 6

SINGAPORE 539381

Lot Area : 3600.0 SqM

Final Plan : CP 18659

CP 20011

Approved On : 05/07/1982

CT (SUB) VOL 479 FOL 76

Private Leasehold Details

\-------------------------

Land Tenure : LEASEHOLD ESTATE

Lease Duration : 30 Years

Commencement Date : 01/12/1978

Instrument : LEASE I/18433E

VARIED VIDE I/32901M

…

=========== PARTICULARS OF PROPRIETOR AND ADDRESS ===========

JOINT TENANTS

ID No : S[xxxxx]31H

Name : KEH ENG HONG

Address : [address redacted]

Noted vide TOTAL DISCHARGE OF MORTGAGE I/88582P Registered on 27/06/2001

Citizen of / : SINGAPORE

Place Incorpd

Instrument : LEASE I/18433E Registered on 24/08/1988

ID No : S[xxxxx]49B

Name : TAN CHWEE GNOH

Address : [address redacted]

Noted vide TOTAL DISCHARGE OF MORTGAGE I/88582P Registered on 27/06/2001

Citizen of / : SINGAPORE

Place Incorpd

Instrument : LEASE I/18433E Registered on 24/08/1988

53 On the face of the title search on the Premises, it states that Mr Keh and
Mdm Tan held the Premises as joint tenants and were the registered proprietors
of the Premises. Counsel for the defendant emphasised in her closing
submissions that this status, ie, that Mr Keh and Mdm Tan were the registered
proprietors of the Premises, has remained unchanged since 2001 to date.

54 The defendant, thus, argues that, according to s 164(3) of the Land Titles
Act 1993 (2020 Rev Ed) (“LTA”), the STARS title search constitutes prima facie
evidence that, as between 27 June 2001 and 23 May 2022, it was Mr Keh and Mdm
Tan, and not the defendant, who were the registered proprietors of the
Premises. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS at paras 22–25.

55 Therefore, since November 2019, the plaintiff must have known that the
defendant was not the landlord of the Premises and that accordingly, the
defendant could not grant a tenancy or licence for the Premises. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 11 lines 1–6.

The defendant also argues that the plaintiff was aware that Mr Keh was the
true owner of the Premises and not the defendant, as the plaintiff had stated
the landlord of the Premises to be “Keh Eng Hong” when it submitted its rental
details form to the Ministry of Law for rental relief. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at P1, p 13.

56 Second, the defendant argues that since the STARS title search shows Mr Keh
and Mdm Tan to be the registered proprietors of the Premises, it follows that
there could not have been an assignment of a valid leasehold interest to the
defendant. Accordingly, the defendant would not have been able to grant a
lease or licence to the plaintiff. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DCS at paras 28–31.

57 In support of its case that the assignment of the leasehold for the
Premises was invalid, the defendant, during the trial, introduced email
correspondence between the defendant’s solicitors and JTC, along with other
signed documents between the defendant and JTC. These documents are as
follows:

(a) JTC’s Offer of Lease Extension to “Hup Eng Wooden Case Co” dated 4
December 2018 for the period 1 December 2018 to 30 November 2023; 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at D5, pp 15–20.

(b) JTC’s consent to the proposed assignment of the lease from Hup Eng Wooden
Case Co to the defendant dated 25 January 2019; 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at D5, pp 5–10.

and

(c) the acceptance of terms of the assignment of lease dated 28 January 2019
that was executed by Mr Keh and a “Keh Woon Ping” as assignors 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at D5, at p 11.

and the defendant as an assignee (“the Assignment Acceptance”). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at D5, at p 12.

58 The defendant refers to the STARS title search and submits that Mr Keh and
Mdm Tan were listed as the Premises’ joint tenants (see [53] above). The
defendant contrasts this to the documentary evidence, which shows that Mr Keh
and Keh Woon Ping were the ones who executed the assignment to the defendant.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DCS at paras 27–31; DRS at paras 13–17.

Keh Woon Ping was not a registered proprietor of the Premises as shown in the
STARS title search. Accordingly, the defendant argues that the purported
assignment by Mr Keh and Keh Woon Ping to the defendant is “ineffective and
legally impossible to pass any proprietary rights to the defendant”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCS at paras 29–31.

59 Finally, and following from the argument that there was no proper
assignment of any proprietary rights in the Premises to the defendant, the
defendant argues that the agreement between the parties can only be a mere
contract for the provision of storage services on the Premises, and not a
lease or licence for the use of the Premises. In support of this proposition,
the defendant refers the Court to Vinodh Coomaraswamy J’s observations in the
High Court decision of Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management &
Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 (“Ritzland”) at [63] which
states as follows:

The fact that a putative landlord does not have any or any sufficient
proprietary right out of which he can carve and convey a valid leasehold
interest to a putative lessee affects only the proprietary right which ought
to arise under the lease. It does not affect the parties’ contractual rights.
Therefore a lack of sufficient title may prevent the parties from having a
lease. But it will not prevent the parties from having a contract. For the
defendant to succeed in showing that the parties did not have a contract, the
defendant must establish one of the vitiating factors under the law of
contract.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

60 According to the defendant, the proposition laid down by Coomaraswamy J in
Ritzland is that there is a difference between a mere contract conferring only
personal rights that may appear to be in the character of a lease or licence,
and an actual lease or licence that was granted by the proper owner of the
land which may confer proprietary rights. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DCS at para 17.

Indeed, counsel for the defendant emphasised, in her oral closing submissions,
the distinction which Coomaraswamy J drew in Ritzland between a contractual
right and a proprietary right. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at p 42 lines 2–4.

This distinction, in her submissions, means that if the defendant was not the
actual owner of the Premises, it could not have granted any leasehold interest
to the plaintiff. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at p 57 lines 20–25.

It also follows that the defendant could also not have permitted the plaintiff
to use the Premises under a licence. She says, however, that this would not
preclude the parties’ contractual rights under the tenancy agreement from
being recognised and enforced. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at para 18.

(2) The plaintiff’s arguments

61 The plaintiff submits that the documentary evidence shows that the
defendant was, at all times, a tenant of JTC. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at para 14; PRS at para 30.

In particular, counsel for the plaintiff clarified in his closing remarks that
the STARS title search is irrelevant. This is because the lease as indicated
on the STARS title search was for 30 years, and since the lease was recorded
to have commenced on 1 December 1978, it would have expired on 1 December
2008. Further, the defendant had renewed the lease agreement with JTC. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at pp 4 lines 14–21.

The plaintiff further argues that, if indeed the defendant is not a tenant of
JTC in respect of the premises, then JTC would not have offered the defendant
an extension of the lease from 1 December 2018 to 30 November 2023. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PRS at para 34.

The fact that the defendant continued to pay rent to JTC amounting to around
$16,000, in the plaintiff’s submission, strengthens the view that the
defendant was a tenant of JTC. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PRS at paras 40–42.

Finally, counsel for the plaintiff stressed in his oral closing submissions
that the defendant has admitted, in its first set of unamended pleadings, that
JTC was the landlord and it was the lessee. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at pp 16 lines 10–17.

62 Counsel for the plaintiff also made the point in his oral closing
submissions that there was an evidential gap between December 2008 when the
initial lease recorded on the STARS title search ended and December 2018 when
JTC offered the defendant an extension of the lease. He submits that if the
defendant seeks to maintain its position that Mr Keh and Mdm Tan remained
JTC’s tenants in respect of the Premises, the onus is on them to adduce
documentary evidence stating as such. In the absence of this, counsel for the
plaintiff submits that the defendant’s position should not be accepted. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at p 17 line 10 to p 22 line 8.

63 Accordingly, the plaintiff submits that the defendant continues to maintain
a proprietary interest in respect of the Premises, out of which it could carve
a sublease to be granted to the plaintiff. In so far as the decision of
Ritzland is concerned, I understood counsel for the plaintiff as making the
submission that Coomaraswamy J’s observations which I have stated at [59]
above, are obiter in nature. This is because Ritzland concerned an application
for summary judgment and the simple issue was whether the defendant in that
case had showed that it had raised a triable issue, such that unconditional
leave ought to be granted to the defendant in that case to proceed to trial.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at p 61 line 20 to p 62 line 15.

(3) The defendant has a valid proprietary interest

64 The arguments raised above by the defendant, in so far as they rely
entirely on the STARS title search to show that Mr Keh and Mdm Tan were the
lessees of the Premises vis-a-vis JTC in 2019, are completely misconceived.
This last-minute defence is decisively rebutted by the contemporaneous
evidence. It is clear on the face of the evidence that the defendant was
indeed JTC’s tenant of the Premises. Accordingly, the defendant possessed a
proprietary right in respect of the Premises which it could carve out or
sublease to the plaintiff. Thus, the defendant cannot rely on Ritzland to
argue that there was no lease or licence as it lacked the ability to grant a
lease or licence.

65 At the outset, I reproduce s 164(3) of the LTA, which reads as follows:

Certified copies: Value as evidence

164.— …

…

(3) A print-out of any information (other than computer folios) stored in a
computer in the Land Titles Registry issued by the Registrar and bearing a
facsimile of the Registrar’s seal shall be received in evidence in any court,
or before any person having authority by law or by consent of parties to
receive evidence, as prima facie proof of all the matters contained in or
entered on any instrument filed in the Land Titles Registry.

…

[emphasis added]

66 I note that while s 164(3) of the LTA states that such Land Titles Registry
searches constitute “prima facie proof of all matters contained in or entered
on any instrument” [emphasis added], that is all it is – prima facie proof.
Nothing in s 164(3) of the LTA states that the information contained in such
instruments is final, conclusive or irrebuttable. I accept that the matters
contained in such Land Titles Registry searches may be rebutted if the
evidence available before the Court shows otherwise. Therefore, even though
the STARS title searches may constitute prima facie proof that legal interest
in the Premises vested in Mr Keh and Mdm Tan, this may be rebutted by the
evidence available before the Court. The objective contemporaneous evidence
and the in-court testimony of the defendant’s sole witness, Mr Lau,
contradicts the information as stated in the land titles searches on the
Premises shown in STARS, ie, that Mr Keh and Mdm Tan were the registered lease
proprietors of the Premises.

67 The land titles searches on the Premises as shown in STARS state that the
lease duration of the Premises granted by JTC to Mr Keh and Mdm Tan is for a
period of 30 years. The lease commenced on 1 December 1978 and thus would have
expired on 1 December 2008. Hence, it is erroneous and misleading for the
defendant to submit that this STARS title search on the Premises indicates
that Mr Keh and Mdm Tan were still the lessees (vis-à-vis JTC) of the Premises
in 2019 when the plaintiff and the defendant entered into the Service
Agreement. Unfortunately, the defendant fails to raise this important point in
its written submissions – that the STARS title search is silent as to whether
Mr Keh and Mdm Tan were still the lessees of JTC in 2019.

68 The defendant’s reliance on the 30-year lease which expired in 2008 is
therefore completely irrelevant to this case. There is clearly an evidentiary
gap in the STARS title search as to the lease status of the Premises with JTC
between 2 December 2008 and 2019. In fact, the other objective contemporaneous
evidence clearly indicates that JTC had leased the Premises to the defendant
in 2019.

69 First, the main lease with JTC as attached to the STARS title search
defined Hup Eng Wooden Cases Company as the lessee. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at D4, p 7.

It is not disputed that Hup Eng Wooden Cases Company was the previous lessee
of the Premises before the assignment of the lease to the defendant. In any
event, this put to rest the defendant’s claim that Mr Keh and Mdm Tan were
joint tenants and that Hup Eng Wooden Cases Company, and hence the defendant,
had no legal interest in the Premises to sublet. On the contrary, the evidence
shows that Hup Eng Wooden Cases Company, as the lessee of the Premises, had
sufficient proprietary interest in the Premises. When Hup Eng Wooden Cases
Company assigned the lease to the defendant 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at D4, pp 12–13.

under its previous name, Hup Eng Wooden Cases Company’s proprietary interest
in the Premises would likewise have been assigned to the defendant. Second,
the defendant admitted that it leased the Premises to the plaintiff. The
defendant’s previous solicitors informed the plaintiff in the 3rd LOD and the
4th LOD that “the lease of the Premises to to [sic] [the plaintiff] is without
approval” [emphasis added]. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

ABOD at pp 49–50.

Third, in the Notice of Cash Grant, IRAS stated “the property owner” of the
Premises to be the defendant and the defendant’s subtenant as the plaintiff.
131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ABOD at p 82–87.

These went uncorrected and unchallenged by the defendant. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 44 lines 19–21.

I shall elaborate further on the Notice of Cash Grant at [93]–[97] below.
Fourth, the defendant’s company stamp, which bore its then-name Hup Eng, is
affixed next to Mr Keh’s signature in the LOI. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

ABOD at p 2.

This shows that Mr Keh signed and entered into the LOI on behalf of the
defendant. During the trial, counsel for the defendant also accepted that Mr
Keh had entered into the Service Agreement “in the capacity of the defendant”.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript (20 May 2022) at p 103 lines 23–25.

Fifth, the CHBC Letter is addressed to the “Managing Director” of the
defendant and refers to the Terms of Agreement of Lease signed between the
defendant and JTC. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ABOD at p 44.

The CHBC letter was not addressed to Mr Keh and Mdm Tan. Hence, JTC leased the
Premises to the defendant and not Mr Keh and Mdm Tan. Mr Lau does not dispute
this. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 52 line 13.

70 In fact, during cross-examination by counsel for the plaintiff (Mr Loh), Mr
Lau confirmed that the defendant is the tenant of the Premises as it had
leased the Premises from JTC: 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 52 lines 10–16.

MR LOH: … Is it your evidence that from November 2019 to September 2020
Newspaper Seng is not the tenant of 33 Defu Lane 6 from JTC?

A. We are the tenant. If not, how could we operate?

Q. I see, so you confirm that Newspaper Seng is the tenant from JTC of 33 Defu
Lane 6?

A. Yes, correct.

71 Mr Lau then changed his evidence and averred that Mr Keh was the tenant or
“owner” in his words and had allowed the defendant to use the Premises: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 52 line 17 to p 56 line 21.

Q. Okay then, I will give you an opportunity. So regarding Mr Keh, what is Mr
Keh regarding 33 Defu Lane 6, owner, tenant, sub-tenant, what?

A. He is the owner.

Q. He is the owner?

A. Yes, he and his wife are the owners.

Q. I see.

COURT: Owner of what?

A. Owners of 33 Defu Lane 6 your Honour.

MR LOH: Okay, just for the record, can I confirm, according to you Mr and Mrs
Keh are the owners, your words, of 33 Defu Lane 6, that's what you say,
correct?

A. Yes.

Q. And you also say that Newspaper Seng is the tenant from JTC regarding 33
Defu Lane 6 as well; correct?

A. So Mr Keh, who is the owner, allowed the then Hup Eng, which is the now
Newspaper Seng, to use this space.

COURT: Sorry?

A. Mr Keh, who is the owner, allowed the then Hup Eng who, which is the now
Newspaper Seng, to use this space, your Honour. There was just a change of
name.

…

MR LOH: … Mr Lau, who is the landlord of Newspaper Seng?

COURT: Mr Lau, listen to the question, the question is a very simple question.
Who is the landlord of 33 Defu Lane 6?

A. Mr Keh, your Honour.

72 However, when questioned further, Mr Lau admitted that the defendant had
“illegally sublet” the Premises to the plaintiff: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 91 line 24 to p 93 line 8.

Q. … Now, my next question is this: if you didn’t write to JTC to explain
about your legal action if you started, how do you know that JTC will reject?

A. I've used JTC’s land for 40-plus years. Every time we were late in paying,
they will call and kick up a fuss. How could Newspaper Seng still write an
appeal letter to JTC when Newspaper Seng had illegally -- Newspaper Seng had
sublet to Chiap Seng?

Q. So you admit Newspaper Seng sublet to Chiap Seng, yes?

A. This is wrong.

Q. I know it may be wrong, that's not my question. You admit Newspaper Seng
sublet to Chiap Seng, “yes” or “no”?

A. No.

Q. Okay, my next question. You had illegally sublet to Chiap Seng, “yes” or
“no”?

A. Yes, the previous director illegally sublet to Chiap Seng.

Q. Legal or illegal, Mr Lau, it's still subletting, is that your evidence?

A. We were not allowed to, that was why JTC kicked up a fuss.

Q. All right, but you did use the word “sublet”; correct?

A. (No interpretation).

Q. No, Mr Lau, my question is, you are using the word “sublet”; correct?

A. (No interpretation).

Q. No, Mr Lau, my question is, you used the word to Mr Interpreter being
“sublet”; correct?

A. I said was not allowed to lease or were not allowed to rent out this land.

[emphasis added]

73 In my view, Mr Lau’s responses in cross-examination are germane. First, Mr
Lau confirms that the defendant is the tenant, vis-a-vis JTC, of the Premises.
Second, and more pertinently, Mr Lau’s Freudian slip discloses the defendant’s
true knowledge that it was not allowed to sublet without the approval of JTC.
Implicit in this is the admission that the defendant is a lessee of the
Premises with respect to JTC. If this were otherwise, and if indeed the
defendant does not have a valid lease, Mr Lau would not have acknowledged that
the subletting of the Premises to the plaintiff without JTC’s approval was
illegal. This showed that Mr Lau understood that the substance of the
plaintiff’s and the defendant’s relationship was one of a landlord and tenant.
It follows, therefore, that the defendant must have a valid proprietary
interest. His inconsistent and feeble attempts to refute this were futile.

74 From the above, it is clear that the defendant had rented the Premises from
JTC and, therefore, had a proprietary interest when it sublet a portion of the
Premises to the plaintiff. Indeed, even in her oral closing submissions, the
counsel for the defendant was unable to refer to any objective or reliable
documentary evidence to show that the leasehold interest remained with Mr Keh
and Mdm Tan in 2019. Yet the defendant urges the Court to draw the inference
that Mr Keh and Mdm Tan were the lessees of the Premises in 2019 and not the
defendant. The evidence is totally against the drawing of this inference. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at pp 45 line 8 to 46 line 25.

75 I now refer to the defendant’s argument on the invalidity of the assignment
of the leasehold interest to the defendant. I emphasise that the defendant’s
argument on the invalidity of the assignment is premised entirely on the
leasehold interest remaining with Mr Keh and Mdm Tan, such that the Assignment
Acceptance which was executed by Mr Keh and Keh Woon Ping would be defective
as only Mr Keh and Mdm Tan could have executed the assignment.

76 I shall begin by reiterating, as I held above at [65], that the STARS title
search only constitutes prima facie proof as to title. Given that the
defendant had rented the Premises from JTC and in the absence of any evidence
that the leasehold interest remained with Mr Keh and Mdm Tan after 2008, the
assignment was not defective. On the contrary, my finding that the assignment
was valid is fortified for the following reasons.

77 First, JTC had, in a letter dated 4 December 2018, offered to extend the
lease of the Premises from 1 December 2018 to 30 November 2023 to Hup Eng
Wooden Cases Company, prior to the assignment to the defendant in January
2019. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Exhibit D5 at p 15.

The defendant, Hup Eng Wooden Cases Company and JTC subsequently discussed,
and eventually secured an assignment of the leasehold interest to the
defendant as evidenced by the Assignment Acceptance. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Exhibit D5 at p 12.

This showed that the offer for the extension of the lease for the Premises was
accepted. Indeed, Hup Eng Wooden Cases Company must have had extended its
lease with JTC, before JTC would agree to the assignment. Second, the
Assignment Acceptance specifically states that Mr Keh and Keh Woon Ping
executed the Assignment Acceptance in their capacity as directors, “[f]or and
on behalf of” the defendant as the assignee, and in their capacity as partners
for Hup Eng Wooden Cases Company as the assignor. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Exhibit D5 at pp 11–12.

Further, it is crucial to note that JTC had in fact agreed to the assignment
of the lease. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Exhibit D5 at p 5.

This would not have been the case if the leasehold interest which JTC has
granted was defective. Third, the fact that the CHBC Letter is addressed to
the “Managing Director” of the defendant and refers to the Terms of Agreement
of Lease signed between the defendant and JTC supports the view that there was
a proper assignment of the leasehold interest to the defendant. Finally, the
fact remains that the defendant paid JTC a rent of $16,000 per month for the
lease of the Premises for the year of 2020, as Mr Lau confirmed in cross-
examination. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 41 line 2 to 8.

This would not have been the case, if the defendant genuinely believed that it
did not have any proprietary interest. Indeed, counsel for the defendant could
not offer any satisfactory response when queried on this point. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at pp 47 line 1 to 49 line 25.

78 The evidence, therefore, shows that there was a valid assignment of the
leasehold interest of the Premises to the defendant. I cannot accept the
defendant’s suggestion that the Court should infer that there was a defective
proprietary right arising from the allegedly defective assignment.

79 Finally, I do not accept that the High Court’s decision in Ritzland
supports the defendant’s case. In that case, the plaintiff had leased a plot
of land from the head lessor for a period of three years, with an expectation
that it would be able to renew the master lease for two more consecutive terms
of three years each. The plaintiff duly renewed the master lease for two
subsequent terms for a total of nine years. The second master lease that the
plaintiff executed was for the term of January 2011 to January 2014. During
the tenure of the second master lease, on February 2012, the plaintiff and the
defendant entered into a sublease for the premises for a duration of 1 April
2012 to 31 March 2015. Crucially, this sublease extended beyond the tenure of
the plaintiff’s second master lease. The plaintiff brought a summary judgment
action against the defendant for unpaid arrears. In resisting the plaintiff’s
summary judgment action, the defendant raised several possible defences, one
of which was that the sublease was “bad in law” as the plaintiff “did not have
a leasehold title to [the premises] out of which it could carve the sublease
granted to the defendant [over the premises]” (Ritzland at [59]).

80 Coomaraswamy J dismissed part of the summary judgment application on the
basis that the defendant was able to show the existence of triable issues
owing to some of the defences raised (Ritzland at [8]). However, in so far as
the defendant’s defence was that the plaintiff did not have a valid leasehold
out of which it could carve the sublease to the defendant, Coomaraswamy J
rejected this defence. The master lease was not defective, nor did it impose
any restriction on the duration for which a sublease could be granted
(Ritzland at [60]–[61]).

81 Similarly in the present case, given that the defendant had a valid
proprietary interest out of which it could carve a sublease for the plaintiff,
I do not think that the defendant has a lack of sufficient title. Accordingly,
Coomaraswamy J’s observations at [63] of Ritzland would not apply to the
present case.

82 In any event, I observe that it may be possible for the facts of the
present case to accommodate a tenancy by estoppel. In Ritzland, Coomaraswamy
J, rendered the following observations on the doctrine of tenancy by estoppel
at [67] and [68] as such:

67 [Section 118(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)] gives effect to
one half of the doctrine of tenancy by estoppel at common law. Furthermore, it
enacts that half of the doctrine as it was understood at the time of its
enactment in 1893. The full doctrine of tenancy by estoppel is bilateral:
applying both to the landlord and the tenant. Wee Chong Jin J (as he then was)
put the doctrine in this way in Methani v Perianayagam [1961] 1 MLJ 5, relying
on English common law:

The doctrine is that a tenant may not question his landlord’s title and,
conversely, that a landlord having by his offer of a tenancy induced a tenant
to enter into (or remain in) occupation and to pay rent, cannot deny the
validity of the tenancy by alleging his own want of title to create it (see
Harman J delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal in EH Lewis & Son Ltd
v Morelli [1948] 2 All ER 1023 at p 1024).

68 The principles underlying tenancy by estoppel are summarised by the learned
authors of Tan Sook Yee, Tang Hang Wu and Kelvin F K Low, Tan Sook Yee’s
Principles of Singapore Land Law (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Principles of
Singapore Land Law”) at para 17.23 as follows:

The principle of estoppel as it applies in this context is that it precludes a
person who has held out that a certain state of facts exists, thereby inducing
the other party to act on this to his detriment, from denying the truth of the
state of facts. In the context of landlord and tenant relationship, it means
that a landlord, who may in fact have no title or estate that would support
the lease he had purported to grant, is precluded from denying that he had
such a right. Likewise, the tenant in such a case, provided his possession is
undisturbed, is precluded from denying that the landlord has the title to
create the tenancy. The estoppel arises either by deed or by the landlord’s
[unambiguous] representation as to his title which the tenant relies upon when
he takes the lease. Thus, where the parties accept that there is a landlord
and tenant relationship between them even though the landlord may not have the
interest to generate the tenancy, a tenancy by estoppel arises …

83 Coomaraswamy J also observed that the common law doctrine of tenancy by
estoppel is consistent with s 118(1) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“EA”), and that both operate in tandem (at [65] and [89]):

65 In any event, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant is
estopped from denying the plaintiff’s leasehold title to 231 Mountbatten Road.
For this submission, the plaintiff relied on s 118(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed). That section provides that a tenant is estopped during the
continuance of a tenancy from denying that the landlord had title to the
immovable property at the beginning of the tenancy. I set out s 118 in full:

Estoppel of tenant and of licensee of person in possession

118.—(1) No tenant of immovable property, or person claiming through such
tenant, shall during the continuance of the tenancy be permitted to deny that
the landlord of the tenant had at the beginning of the tenancy a title to the
immovable property.

[emphasis added]

…

89 On that view, s 118(1) prescribes a rule of evidence which applies to a
tenant during the continuance of the tenancy. That rule of evidence says
nothing about any estoppel which may or may not apply to a tenant after the
determination of the tenancy, whether by effluxion of time or otherwise.
Section 118(1) is not, on that view, inconsistent with the common law rule
which provides that the estoppel “continues to operate and bind the parties
even after the term has ended except where the tenant is dispossessed by a
third party with a superior title to his landlord” (per Belinda Ang Saw Ean J
in Thode Gerd Walter v Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd [2009] SGHC 44 at [10]).
Indeed, on this view, the common law rule of evidence complements s 118(1)
rather than contradicting it. The result of taking this approach is that the
same principle applies whether it is raised against a landlord or a tenant,
whether it arises out of court or in the context of litigation and whether it
arises in viva voce evidence at trial or in affidavit.

84 Applying s 118(1) of the EA, Coomaraswamy J found that the defendant in
Ritzland was precluded from denying the plaintiff’s title to the demised
premises (at [90]–[91]).

85 In the present case, given my findings above in relation to (a) the manner
in which the defendant had given the plaintiff the impression that the
defendant had the requisite leasehold interest (at [43]–[46] above); and (b)
the circumstances surrounding the assignment of the leasehold interest to the
defendant (at [67]–[77] above), it is likely that the defence of tenancy by
estoppel may be made out. However, counsel for the defendant had argued that
this was not pleaded by the plaintiff. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript (22 July 2022) at p 53 lines 8–11.

Accordingly, I say no more on this point.

86 Lastly, I should also point out that the first time the defendant raised
this point, ie, that it is not the tenant of the Premises vis-à-vis JTC and
had no authority to lease out the Premises, was at the start of the trial. The
defendant did not raise this point in its pleadings filed before trial, or at
any other time since the Suit was commenced in late 2020. Counsel for the
defendant sought to argue that this point was raised in response to the
plaintiff’s late amendments to its Statement of Claim on the eve of the trial.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 57 lines 19–25.

However, this claim is patently incongruous with the substance of the defence
and the defendant’s admissions in the latest version of its Defence (Amendment
No. 4). I shall now elaborate. The defendant’s argument that it is not the
tenant of the Premises in the first place would go to the heart of its defence
against the plaintiff’s claim for wrongful disposal of the Assets. If this was
indeed the true state of affairs, the defendant would have raised it at the
first opportunity and not during the trial itself. Further, the defendant
admits to the following:

(a) In the latest version of its Defence (Amendment No. 4), the defendant
admits to being “the [p]laintiff’s direct landlord of the Premises”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Defence at para 9; SOC at para 9.

(b) In the defendant’s Opening Statement, the defendant admitted that it “was
at the material time the tenant of the Premises and the master landlord of the
tenant was Jurong Town Council [sic]”. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

DOS at para 5.

(c) In the 2nd Agreed Statement of Facts, the parties acknowledge that the LOI
described the defendant and the plaintiff as landlord and tenant respectively.
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

2nd Agreed Statement of Facts at p 1 para 1.

87 It was also not put to Mr Heng when he took the stand whether he was aware
the defendant did not have a legal interest in the Premises and/or that the
defendant had no authority to lease out the Premises. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 16 line 22 to p 17 line 17.

88 If the defendant now claims that it did not have the proprietary interest
to sublet the Service Area to the plaintiff, why did it represent to the
plaintiff and its own ERA housing agent that it had the proprietary interest
in 2019 to sublet the Service Area? Furthermore, the defendant signed the LOI
and the Service Agreement, which was in reality a tenancy agreement, with the
plaintiff.

89 In these circumstances, the defendant’s attempt to deny that it was the
landlord of the Premises (vis-à-vis the plaintiff) and the tenant of the
Premises (vis-à-vis JTC) is factually unsustainable. On the contrary, I find
that for all intents and purposes, the defendant conveyed to the plaintiff
that it had the authority to lease a portion of the Premises to the plaintiff
on payment of a monthly rental.

The IRAS’ determination

90 The defendant’s argument that the Service Agreement was not a tenancy
agreement is decisively rebutted by IRAS’s determination that the Service
Agreement was a tenancy agreement.

91 First, on 2 October 2020, the plaintiff applied for a determination by the
Registrar of Assessors that it was entitled to a waiver of two months’ rental
fees under the COVID-19 Act. Ms Tay, the plaintiff’s employee in charge of the
accounts, made the application to IRAS and she submitted the LOI as a
supporting document. IRAS requested the plaintiff to submit the Service
Agreement for its consideration. The Service Agreement was accordingly sent to
IRAS. On 1 December 2020, IRAS sent an email to the plaintiff. In that email
IRAS considered the Service Agreement to be a tenancy agreement and required
it to be stamped. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at P1, pp 9–10.

The relevant portions of the email read as follows: 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Bundle of Exhibits Admitted During Trial at P1, p 10.

We have noted that you had executed a tenancy agreement on 1/11/2019 to rent
the property at 33 Defu Lane 6 from 1/11/2019 to 30/10/2020 at a rental of
$9,000 per month.

However, based on e-stamped records, we have noted the aforesaid tenancy
agreement was not stamped.

…

For audit review purpose, please let us know reason for not stamping the
tenancy agreement.

Please do not proceed to stamp the tenancy agreement at your end as we have
already commenced the audit on the non-stamping.

Upon receiving the reason for non-stamping from you, we will review the case
and inform you on the stamp duty and penalty amounts payable on the tenancy
agreement.

…

[emphasis in original]

92 The plaintiff, however, had stamped the LOI which indicated the tenancy was
for 24 months. Thus, the plaintiff paid the stamp duty and penalty on the
basis that it was for a lease for two years. The total payment came to $1,996.
155

##### Foot Note 155

×

SOC at paras 92A–92C; PBOD at p 2.

Subsequently, the plaintiff realised that it had overpaid the stamp duty as
the rental term was only for a period of 12 months as reflected in the Service
Agreement. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

ABOD at p 4.

Ms Tay testified that on 8 April 2021, the plaintiff forwarded the Service
Agreement to IRAS and received a refund of one year’s stamp duty fees. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 24 lines 12–25, p 26 line 19 to p 27 line 17.

The email from IRAS at [91] clearly shows that IRAS accepted the Service
Agreement to be a valid tenancy agreement.

93 Second, on 18 February 2021, IRAS sent the Notice of Cash Grant to the
defendant. The Notice of Cash Grant confirmed that: 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

ABOD at p 82.

(a) the defendant would receive a cash grant of $5,760 which would be credited
to the defendant by 19 February 2021; and

(b) up to two months of the defendant’s subtenants’ rent must be waived in
accordance with the COVID-19 Act.

94 Annex 1 of the Notice of Cash Grant explicitly named the plaintiff as the
“Eligible Tenants/Sub-Tenants for Rental Waiver of Up to 2 months”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

ABOD at p 83.

The defendant accepted the Notice of Cash Grant and did not write to IRAS to
correct this or to reject the cash grant. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 39 lines 6–13.

That being the case, the defendant cannot now claim the Notice of Cash Grant
identifying the plaintiff as an eligible tenant/subtenant to be erroneous. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DCS at para 43.

That the Notice of Cash Grant expressly identifies the plaintiff as an
eligible tenant/subtenant for rental waiver also decisively negates Mr Lau’s
claim that the cash grant was meant as a rebate for the rental payable from
the defendant to JTC. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 38 lines 4–11.

And crucially, the defendant’s acceptance of the Notice of Cash Grant also
cuts against its claim that the Service Agreement was merely a contract for
services.

95 It is clear from the above that the Government authorities considered that
the Service Agreement was a tenancy agreement and that accordingly, the
plaintiff was protected under the COVID-19 Act. The defendant has not provided
cogent reasons to raise doubts as to the findings of these authorities. In
fact, Mr Lau testified that he accepted the findings of the authorities that
the Service Agreement was a tenancy agreement. The COVID-19 Act was enacted to
help entities like the plaintiff who had suffered significantly due to the
restrictive measures implemented by the Government, which were aimed at
protecting the people of Singapore from the contagious and deadly coronavirus.
Indeed, this was confirmed by the Minister for Law Mr K Shanmugam in his
Speech when he introduced the COVID-19 Act for debate in Parliament (see
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (7 April 2020) vol 94 at col
130):

Turning then to COVID-19, the Government has had to impose border constraints,
direct most businesses to shut down, get their people to work from home, and
if that is not possible, no work can be done. Imposing a whole variety of
restrictions on travel and movement, these were not foreseeable. Their impact
on the supply chain – many businesses could not procure the supplies they
needed. The impact on flow of manpower – sectors that depended heavily on
foreign manpower like construction were seriously affected.

…

The first category covered leases, licences of non-residential property. A
tenant who seeks relief must show that he is unable to pay rent during the
prescribed period and that the inability to pay is to a material extent caused
by a COVID-19 event. If he can show, that then the lease or licence cannot be
terminated on the basis that rent has not been paid; and legal proceedings
cannot be commenced against tenants on the basis that rent has not been paid.

This is help in real terms because the tenants will get breathing space, to
adjust their businesses, survive in the medium term: it is liquidity for them.
And these measures, of course, should be seen together with other measures
that the Government and the financial industry have announced.

[emphasis added]

96 When Mr Lau was asked during cross-examination whether he thought the
Government authorities could have made a mistake in disbursing money to the
defendant, he denied the possibility. However, when put on a spot, he claimed
that the authorities were incorrect in naming the plaintiff as the defendant’s
subtenant: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 47 line 1 to p 50 line 7.

Q. I put it to you the reason why Newspaper Seng Logistics Pte Ltd did not
write a letter to IRAS after 18 February 2021 to clarify that Chiap Seng
Productions Pte Ltd is not the sub-tenant was because Newspaper Seng accepted
IRAS’ recognition of Chiap Seng as a tenant of Newspaper Seng. “Yes” or “no”?

A. Disagree.

Q. I put it to you that if you disagree, Newspaper Seng Logistics should have
written a letter to IRAS to set the record straight about Chiap Seng
Productions, yes? “Yes” or “no”?

A. If the lawyer had reminded us, we would have written to IRAS.

…

Q. So you do not need to write to IRAS to clarify, is that your answer?

A. (No interpretation).

Q. “Yes” or “no”?

A. Yes.

Q. So as far --

COURT: Sorry, “yes” what? “Yes” what?

A. Yes, we do not need to write to IRAS to clarify, your Honour. Because the
government wouldn’t have made a mistake in disbursing the money. …

…

A. Your Honour, Chiap Seng wrote to IRAS saying that they were occupying the
premises and requesting the grant, only after their goods were auctioned off.
Otherwise, they wouldn’t have -- IRAS wouldn’t have made a mistake with the
money, it would have gone to Chiap Seng and not Newspaper Seng.

Q. I’ll leave the rest for submissions, the record is clear. You just said
that the government cannot be wrong in paying the money to Newspaper Seng
Logistics. My question to you, in the same way, the government cannot be wrong
in describing Chiap Seng Productions as your sub-tenant for 2020. Yes?

A. Because Chiap Seng --

Q. “Yes” or “no”?

A. Disagree.

Q. So the government cannot make a mistake when it suits you. But the
government can make a mistake when it doesn’t suit you; is that correct?

A. No, that’s not what I mean.

Q. I'll ask you again. You just said the government cannot make a mistake in
paying Newspaper Seng Logistics the money in this letter, yes?

A. Yes.

Q. And this payment of the money from this letter is related to Chiap Seng
Productions being a sub-tenant, in the letter, do you agree?

A. Disagree.

Q. So you are saying that the government was wrong or IRAS was wrong in
referring to Chiap Seng Productions as a sub-tenant, is that your answer?

A. (No interpretation).

Q. No, “yes” or “no”?

A. No, it is not correct to refer to them as sub-tenant.

Q. I put it to you, Mr Lau, since you have not -- sorry, since Newspaper Seng
has not written anything to the government or IRAS to tell them that page 82
is wrong, that you and/or Newspaper Seng has accepted the contents of this
letter from IRAS as true, correct and accurate; “yes” or “no”?

A. It's an accounts mistake.

…

Q. So you did not pay attention to page 82, I put it to you that you are just
giving the court a convenient answer to hide behind to explain why Newspaper
Seng logically should have written a letter of objection to IRAS.

A. We didn’t write a letter to IRAS.

[emphasis added]

97 Mr Lau’s attempt to cast aspersions on the accuracy of IRAS’ determination
speaks volumes. If the defendant did not view the plaintiff as its subtenant
at the time of the Notice of Cash Grant on 18 February 2021, the logical
reaction would have been to write to IRAS to clarify the error. This was not
done. The evidence clearly weighs in favour of a finding that there was a
tenancy agreement. The defendant’s feeble attempt to deny this is implausible.

Exclusive possession

98 In NTUC Foodfare Co-operative Ltd v SIA Engineering Co Ltd and another
[2018] 2 SLR 588, the Court of Appeal held at [33] that “the two distinctive
features of exclusive possession are (i) the exclusory power of the occupier,
and (ii) the occupier’s immunity from supervisory control” (citing Tan Sook
Yee, Tang Hang Wu & Kelvin F K Low, Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore
Land Law (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 17.38).

99 The defendant maintains that there was no tenancy agreement as the
plaintiff did not have exclusive possession of the Service Area due to, inter
alia, certain clauses in the Service Agreement, namely: 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

DOS at para 60.

(a) Clause 3(h) conferred on the defendant a right to conduct random checks of
the Premises to ensure that the plaintiff was not using illegally hired
workers on the Premises. Clause 3(h) also conferred on the defendant an
entitlement to terminate the Service Agreement with immediate effect if such
illegally hired workers were found on the Premises. The defendant argues that,
according to Re Tan Tye, deceased; Tan Lian Chye v British & Malayan Trustees
Ltd [1965–1967] SLR(R) 226 (“Re Tan Tye”), the inclusion of such a clause in
the Service Agreement means that the Service Agreement “clearly did not grant
exclusive possession to the [p]laintiff and the Service Agreement cannot be
deemed to be a tenancy”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCS at paras 59–61.

(b) Clause 3(i) prohibited the plaintiff from making structural or other
alterations or additions to the Premises without the prior consent of the
defendant.

(c) Clause 3(k) forbade the plaintiff from allowing any person to reside or
sleep on the Premises.

(d) Clause 3(o) forbade the plaintiff from displaying any signboards, notices,
etc, under any circumstances.

100 In my view, the presence of these clauses does not necessarily mean that
the agreement was not a tenancy agreement. Rather, such clauses could also be
inserted into a tenancy agreement. I do not agree with the defendant that Re
Tan Tye stands for the proposition that the inclusion of a clause like Clause
3(h) in the contract necessarily means that the parties intended there to be
no exclusive possession and thus it was not a tenancy agreement. The Federal
Court in Re Tan Tye observed at [14] that it is “established law that the
relationship between the parties is determined by the law and not by the label
which parties to a contract choose to put on it.” The ultimate question is one
of substance, ie, what was the substance of the parties’ relationship as
intended when they signed the Service Agreement?

101 The only “service” provided by the defendant in the Service Agreement was
the permission to use a space of 10,400 square feet which was subsequently
reduced to 9,000 square feet for the storage of the plaintiff’s Assets. This
agreement between the parties granting the plaintiff an exclusive use of the
said space means that the agreement is, in substance, a tenancy agreement. In
fact, Mr Lau testified that when he became the managing director in December
2019, he knew that the Service Agreement was in reality a tenancy agreement
and he raised this issue with Mr Keh, the other director and majority
shareholder. Mr Lau was concerned as he knew that JTC would not permit
subletting of the Premises. Mr Keh assured him that it was alright as it was
not called a tenancy agreement but a Service Agreement. Hence, from the very
beginning the term “Service Agreement” was used to mask what was really a
tenancy agreement. That was why when JTC, through CHBC, 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

ABOD at pp 44–45.

accused the defendant of subletting to the plaintiff, Mr Lau did not write to
JTC to explain that it was not subletting and that the Service Agreement was
not a tenancy agreement. In fact, Mr Lau accepted the finding of JTC that the
plaintiff was its subtenant without question. I reproduce the relevant portion
of the transcript where Mr Lau testified as described: 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 31 line 2 to p 35 line 10.

COURT: So how do you look at Chiap Seng? Is he your tenant? Or should I say
was he your tenant at that time in your thinking in December 2019.

A. No, your Honour, when I came in on 26 December, in the first two days I
already asked them to move.

COURT: To?

A. To move.

COURT: To move out?

A. Yes, your Honour. Because this premises cannot be rented out, we wanted to
use it for newspapers, we didn’t have enough space to use.

COURT: Did you write a letter to them to tell Chiap Seng that please move out?
In December?

A. I discussed with Mr Keh. Mr Keh said they had signed a service contract for
a year.

COURT: So the reason why you wanted Chiap Seng to move is because at that time
your thinking was that he was a tenant and you cannot sublet, right?

A. Yes, because the land was not approved for subletting, I wanted to buy from
Mr Keh, but he could not sell 100 per cent.

…

COURT: So, in other words, in December 2019 you already knew that you cannot
sublet?

A. Yes, on the second day of my joining the company I already knew that I
could not sublet.

COURT: So why didn’t you send a letter to Chiap Seng to say that, you know, we
cannot sublet, so therefore can you vacate the premises?

A. My partner, Mr Keh, had discussed with Chiap Seng.

COURT: No, no, my question is not about discussing with Chiap Seng. Anyway,
what is it that you discussed with Chiap Seng?

A. Mr Keh asked Chiap Seng to move but Chiap Seng said they signed one year.

…

A. Mr Keh said if we put the word “service”, then we would not be fined.

[emphasis added]

102 The evidence that surfaced during the trial showed that, for all intents
and purposes, the plaintiff was granted exclusive possession over the Service
Area. During cross-examination on 25 May 2022, Mr Lau stated multiple times
that the Service Area was separated from the rest of the Premises by a gate or
fence which could be locked by the plaintiff. The plaintiff could also
separately enter or leave the Premises as they wished: 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 29 line 12 to p 30 line 3, p 56 line 19 to p 57
line 6.

Q. … If Chiap Seng from January 2020 had paid in full every month on time, Mr
Lau, number 1, Chiap Seng can enter 33 Defu Lane 6 at any time to store or to
take out their assets; correct?

A. Yes.

Q. All right. There is no time limit like business hours for Chiap Seng to
come in or go out of 33 Defu Lane 6; is that correct?

A. They have a door of their own.

Q. I see. So Chiap Seng has a door that they can open at any time to enter the
9,000 square feet for their assets; is that correct?

A. Correct.

Q. Can the door be locked?

A. They lock it themselves.

Q. So they lock it themselves?

A. Yes.

…

MR LOH: … Mr Lau, before lunch you had given evidence that you know that there
was a door which the plaintiffs use to go in and out of the storage area. Do
you remember?

A. Yes.

Q. And you said that the plaintiffs were the people who locked the door, do
you remember?

A. Yes, they lock it themselves.

Q. So once the door is locked, nobody else can go into the 9,000 square feet
because it is within a wall area perhaps or within some sort of a barrier
perhaps?

A. Yes, there’s a fence.

[emphasis added]

103 On 26 May 2022, Mr Lau backtracked on his position and claimed that the
Service Area was not separated from the rest of the Premises by a fence: 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 72 line 21 to p 74 line 6.

MR LOH: Mr Lau, can I ask you to turn to page 49 of the agreed bundle which is
the sketch map that you drew on.

A. Yes.

Q. You drew a box in red on the top right-hand corner of the square of the
sketch map, do you remember?

A. Yes.

Q. You said that Chiap Seng occupied this square; correct?

A. Yes, 20-plus per cent.

Q. Yes, so since Chiap Seng is within this area after the main gate, it’s
natural and commonsense that Newspaper Seng’s assets would not be within the
same square, correct?

A. Okay, the whole compound is fenced, but within the compound it connects,
there is no fence within the compound.

Q. Now your story has changed.

A. It’s not that I have changed my story.

Q. You didn’t say this earlier, you just said it now to protect your evidence.
Correct?

A. The factory naturally would have a fence. But Chiap Seng didn’t put up a
fence, inside there’s no fence.

Q. That's not the impression you gave the court in your in [sic] evidence in
the past few days. You drew a square, I asked you a question, you said, yes,
there was a fence around it with a main gate. Now you are changing your
evidence to say that apart from the main gate, there is no fence separating
Chiap Seng’s 9,000 square feet and the rest of 30 Defu Lane 6; is that
correct?

A. It cannot be fenced because it’s JTC's land, you cannot just fence as you
like.

Q. I put it to you, Mr Lau, you’ve changed your evidence today. “Yes” or “no”?

A. No.

[emphasis added]

104 Evidently, Mr Lau vacillated significantly in his evidence on whether the
Service Area was separated by a fence. He unequivocally confirmed in court
twice on 25 May 2022 that the Service Area was separated from the rest of the
Premises by a locked gate and a fence. On 26 May 2022, however, Mr Lau changed
his evidence and alleged that there was no fence. Be that as it may, although
Mr Lau changed his evidence that there was no fence, he said that the
plaintiff’s use of the 9,000 square feet compound was demarcated and the
plaintiff was to keep within that compound for his exclusive use. Mr Lau also
admitted that he could not enter the Service Area: 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 57 lines 17–23.

Q. Okay, but just now Mr Lau when I asked you whether you went to take a look
or inspect, you said you took a look and inspected the [A]ssets and now you
say that you didn’t go inside the enclosed area. Your answers are different,
do you know that?

A. We only took a look from the outside. There was no way we could go into the
area to take a look.

105 The plaintiff’s Service Area was further enclosed with a separate gate
which would be locked by the plaintiff. This clearly shows that the plaintiff
had exclusive use of the rented compound and further, that it had exclusory
power and immunity from supervisory control from the defendant.

106 The defendant attempted to camouflage the lease agreement as a “Service
Agreement” and included the clauses at [99] above to mask the true nature of
the Service Agreement which was a tenancy agreement. This was deliberately
done by the defendant with the hope of circumventing the prohibition against
subletting the Premises in its main lease with JTC and to avoid being detected
by JTC for subletting the Premises without approval. Essentially, the
defendant was trying to have its cake and eat it too. Mr Lau admitted as such
when questioned: 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 35 lines 9–10.

A. Mr Keh said if we put the word “service”, then we would not be fined.

107 Having regard to the totality of the evidence, I, therefore, find that the
plaintiff had exclusive possession of the Service Area. Accordingly, the
avalanche of evidence leads to a finding that there was a lease agreement
between the plaintiff and the defendant, notwithstanding that it was called a
Service Agreement.

Summary on the tenancy agreement

108 Calling a spade a spade, the substance of the Service Agreement is that of
a lease. The physical arrangement at the Premises, with the Service Area being
separated from the rest of the Premises by a locked gate and a defined
demarcation of the Service Area, clearly shows that the plaintiff had
exclusive possession of the Service Area. This supports my finding that the
LOI and the Service Agreement were clearly intended to create a landlord-
tenant relation as between the plaintiff and the defendant. The defendant had
called the Service Agreement a “Service Agreement” instead of a tenancy
agreement to (a) evade its rights and obligations as a landlord to the
plaintiff as its tenant; and (b) mask its breach of the terms of its lease
agreement with JTC, which prohibited it from subletting the Premises without
approval. The defence seeks, impermissibly, to elevate form over substance. On
the contrary, the nature of the clauses located within the Service Agreement
further supports my finding that that agreement is a lease.

109 I also do not accept the defendant’s argument that there was no valid
leasehold interest out of which the defendant could grant the plaintiff a
sublease over the Premises. Given that the STARS title search which the
defendant seeks to rely on is outdated, it is irrelevant in ascertaining the
nature of the leasehold interest over the Premises in 2019. On the contrary,
the evidence before the Court points clearly to the conclusion that there was
a valid leasehold which was assigned to the defendant, and that the assignment
was valid.

The defendant’s wrongful disposal of the Assets

110 Having found that the Service Agreement was a tenancy agreement, I shall
turn to consider whether the defendant’s disposal of the Assets was wrongful
under the COVID-19 Act and the Distress Act.

The defendant had no contractual entitlement to dispose of the Assets

111 I shall first consider the defendant’s argument that it was contractually
entitled to dispose of the Assets. The defendant argues that the plaintiff had
repudiated the Service Agreement as it did not make the outstanding monthly
payments to the defendant and did not take steps to vacate the premises by 22
September 2020. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

DOS at para 34.

Accordingly, the defendant was entitled to dispose of the Assets pursuant to
Clause 3(cc) of the Service Agreement, which reads as follows: 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

DOS at para 26; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lau Poh Seng at p 23.

If the Service Recipient [ie, the plaintiff] fails to remove his assets and
properties from the Service area upon the termination of the service period,
the Provider [ie, the defendant] shall have the right to dispose or deal with
them in whatever way the Provider thinks fit. The Service Recipient shall not
have the right to make any claim against the Provider for compensation or
otherwise but shall indemnify the Provider against all liability due to any
wrongful disposal of the assets or properties belonging to third parties. All
expenses incurred by the Provider pursuant to this clause shall be borne by
the Service Recipient, and may be deducted from the Service Deposit.

112 In RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2007]
4 SLR(R) 413 (“RDC Concrete”) at [113], the Court of Appeal laid down the
framework setting out the situations that entitle an innocent party to
terminate a contract at common law (“the RDC framework”). The RDC framework is
as follows:

SITUATION| CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH TERMINATION IS LEGALLY JUSTIFIED|
RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER SITUATIONS  
---|---|---  
I EXPRESS REFERENCE TO THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE AND WHAT WILL ENTITLE THE
INNOCENT PARTY TO TERMINATE THE CONTRACT  
1| The contractual term breached clearly states that, in the event of certain
event or events occurring, the innocent party is entitled to terminate the
contract.| None – it operates independently of all other situations. In other
words — Situations 2, 3(a) and 3(b) (ie, all the situations in II, below) are
not relevant.  
II NO EXPRESS REFERENCE TO THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE AND WHAT WILL ENTITLE THE
INNOCENT PARTY TO TERMINATE THE CONTRACT  
2| Party in breach renounces the contract by clearly conveying to the innocent
party that it will not perform its contractual obligations at all.Quaere
whether the innocent party can terminate the contract if the party in breach
deliberately chooses to perform its part of the contract in a manner that
amounts to a substantial breach.| None – it operates independently of all
other situations. In other words —Situation 1 is not relevant.Situations 3(a)
and 3(b) are not relevant.  
3(a)| Condition-warranty approach – Party in breach has breached a condition
of the contract (as opposed to a warranty).| Should be applied before the
“Hongkong Fir Approach” in Situation (3)(b).Situation 1 is not
relevant.Situation 2 is not relevant.  
3(b)| Hongkong Fir approach – Party in breach which has committed a breach,
the consequences of which will deprive the innocent party of substantially the
whole benefit which it was intended that the innocent party should obtain from
the contract.| Should be applied only after the Condition-warranty approach in
Situation (3)(a) and if the term breached is not found to be a
condition.Situation 1 is not relevant.Situation 2 is not relevant.  
  
[emphasis in italics, bold and bold italics in original]

113 The defendant claims that the plaintiff’s failure to pay the Service Fee
falls within Situations 3(a) and/or 3(b) of the RDC framework. Situation 3(a)
of the RDC framework applies where the “[p]arty in breach has breached a
condition of the contract (as opposed to a warranty)” (RDC Concrete at [113])
[emphasis in original]. Situation 3(b) of the RDC framework applies where the
consequences of the breach “will deprive the innocent party of substantially
the whole benefit which it was intended that the innocent party should obtain
from the contract” (RDC Concrete at [113]) [emphasis in original]. According
to the defendant, “[t]he payment of the Service Fee was the sole
consideration” that the defendant was receiving from the plaintiff. The
defendant’s ability to receive regular payments was therefore “the most
fundamental term in the contract”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

DOS at para 32.

The plaintiff, in failing to pay the defendant, committed a “serious” breach
that would be captured under either Situation 3(a) or Situation 3(b) of the
RDC framework. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

DOS at para 32.

114 The defendant’s submission that the plaintiff breached the Service
Agreement by failing to pay the Service Fees is flawed. During the course of
the trial, it became abundantly clear that the plaintiff intended to pay and
attempted to pay the defendant. This was even though the defendant’s invoices
were erroneous and the defendant’s SOAs were inaccurate. However, the
defendant refused to accept payment from September 2020. The defendant’s
refusal to accept payments from the plaintiff and its determination to evict
the plaintiff are largely attributed to the defendant’s receipt of the CHBC
letter dated 31 August 2020 which highlighted, inter alia, the unapproved
subletting to the plaintiff.

115 On 23 September 2020, Ms Tay sent a WhatsApp message to Mr Ang, one of the
defendant’s managers, conveying the plaintiff’s intention to make payment of
the rental arrears. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

ABOD at p 276.

Mr Ang did not reply. On 24 September 2020, Ms Tay wrote an email to Mr Ang
asking for an SOA. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 83 lines 17–24.

She also brought a cheque for $20,000 to the Premises on 24 September 2020 to
pay the defendant. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 33 line 25 to p 34 line 24.

However, Mr Patrick, who was one of the defendant’s managers, refused to
accept the cheque. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 35 lines 2–13.

Subsequently, Ms Tay wrote a second cheque for $37,676 as she was under the
impression that the defendant wanted full payment. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 38 lines 4–21.

Ms Tay then called Ms Lim, the defendant’s solicitor, intending to pay the
outstanding amount with both cheques. Ms Lim responded that she would revert
to Ms Tay. However, Ms Lim did not. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 37 line 16 to p 38 line 21.

Subsequently, Ms Tay also sent a WhatsApp message to Mr Ang informing him that
the defendant’s solicitor had instructed her to contact him. However, she
again received no response from Mr Ang. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

ABOD at p 276.

116 This being the case, the defendant cannot now argue that the plaintiff’s
failure to pay the Service Fees amounts to a “serious” breach of the terms of
the Service Agreement falling either within Situation 3(a) or Situation 3(b)
of the RDC framework. The fact remains that the plaintiff was at all times
willing and able to perform its contractual obligation by making payment of
the Service Fees. The plaintiff’s failure to make payment can thus only be
attributed to the defendant’s refusal to accept payment. I, therefore, find
that the defendant has no contractual right to dispose of the Assets. I shall
now consider the defendant’s reasons for refusing to accept payment at [118]
below.

117 I should note at this juncture that Mr Lau gave materially inconsistent
evidence on why Mr Ang was not called to testify on behalf of the defendant.
In Mr Lau’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Mr Lau stated that Mr Ang “had
left my employment and I am not able to contact [Mr Ang and another employee,
Patrick Siah,] at all”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lau Poh Seng at para 4.

This turned out to be false as Mr Lau admitted in court that he had Mr Ang’s
contact number saved in his mobile phone and could “call him now”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 24 lines 13–18.

Mr Lau then explained that Mr Ang was not called as a witness as he had told
the defendant’s solicitors that he did not want to be contacted. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 25 line 24 to p 26 line 20.

This is inadmissible hearsay evidence.

In September 2020 the defendant insisted that the plaintiff pay the arrears in
cash or cashier’s orders

118 On the issue of payment of the arrears in September 2020, Mr Lau raised a
whole host of reasons why the defendant refused to accept payment from the
plaintiff. The defendant was happy to accept payment of the rental arrears by
way of cheques in July and August 2020. However, Mr Lau averred during his
cross-examination that he would have only accepted payment in the form of cash
or cashier’s orders in September 2020. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 85 line 6.

This unreasonable demand was, however, not mentioned in any correspondence to
the plaintiff and was also not communicated to the plaintiff at all. Mr Lau
could not give any good reason as to why this was so when the plaintiff had
all along been making payments by way of cheques: 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 84 line 15 to p 85 line 25.

Q. Okay, but you already said if Chiap Seng can pay even on the 24th, you can
still stop Yew Huat from taking away the [A]ssets and give it back to Chiap
Seng; correct?

A. Chiap Seng could have brought cash to Defu, but that did not happen. We
were there for three days.

Q. So you wanted cash, is it?

A. Definitely.

Q. But you never said in any of your letters you only wanted cash, right?

A. Definitely I would want cash, otherwise what would I want?

Q. My question is this, you did not say in any of your lawyer’s letters cash
only, correct? “Yes” or “no”?

A. There’s no need to mention.

Q. If you don’t mention it, how is Chiap Seng to know.

A. It’s either cash or cashier’s order.

…

Q. … “Yes” or “no”, you did not tell your lawyers to write in their letters
cashier’s order only, “yes” or “no”?

A. No, I did not.

Q. Okay, no you did not tell your lawyers. If that’s the case, Chiap Seng also
will not know to bring a cashier’s order as well, “yes” or “no”?

A. There’s no need to say.

Q. I’m sorry, Mr Lau --

A. Because it is over the date.

Q. I’m sorry, Mr Lau, if you don’t say it it’s not Chiap Seng’s fault if they
don’t know, yes?

A. The fact that they started a company they should know, there’s no need for
me to say.

119 When questioned further, Mr Lau affirmed that the plaintiff’s cheques were
never dishonoured. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 45 lines 13–19.

Considering that the plaintiff’s cheques were never dishonoured, I find it
difficult to believe that Mr Lau adamantly required the plaintiff to pay in
cash or cashier’s orders. Furthermore, why was the plaintiff not informed of
this new mode of payment in cash or cashier’s orders? In these circumstances,
it appears that Mr Lau’s claim that he would only accept cash or cashier’s
orders from the plaintiff in September 2020 is an afterthought.

The plaintiff wanted to pay the defendant

120 The plaintiff was not able to make full payment to the defendant as the
latter’s invoices from January to June 2020 were incorrect. The rental was not
$10,400 per month as it had been mutually reduced by the parties to $9,000
starting January 2020 (at [10] above). 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

ASOF at para 5.5.

Furthermore, the two months’ deposit of $20,800 based on $10,400 per month for
a duration of two years, which was paid by the plaintiff when the LOI was
signed, should have been reduced to one month’s deposit of $9,000. This is
because the two-year lease was reduced to a year. The defendant also did not
seek to regularise the accounts even when Ms Tay brought it to the attention
of the defendant’s housing agent, Kim, in January 2020. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript (20 May 2022) at p 23 lines 12–17.

This was not done until June 2020 when the defendant attempted to regularise
the monthly fee through the issuance of credit notes.

121 Further, when the defendant asked the plaintiff to pay two months’ fees in
June and July 2020, the plaintiff obliged and paid the defendant on 15 July
2020. This was despite the plaintiff facing financial difficulty because of
the COVID-19 pandemic. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

ASOF at para 5.18.

In August 2020 when the defendant asked the plaintiff to pay a further one-
month fee, the plaintiff again obliged, and payment was made on 19 August
2020. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

ASOF at para 5.20.

The plaintiff’s conduct clearly indicated that it was willing to settle the
outstanding monthly arrears.

122 In September 2020, the plaintiff continued wanting to settle the monthly
arrears with the defendant. The defendant, however, was not interested to
entertain the plaintiff. By this time, the defendant was more interested to
evict the plaintiff. This was because of JTC’s discovery of the unapproved
subletting to the plaintiff. Thus, the defendant was afraid of the
consequences that JTC could impose if the plaintiff continued to remain in the
Premises. The plaintiff was contractually entitled to remain in the Premises
as the tenancy agreement had not expired then.

The defendant’s failure to ensure that the 3rd LOD and the 4th LOD were
correctly addressed to the plaintiff

123 I should also mention that there were issues relating to the receipt of
the defendant’s 3rd LOD and the 4th LOD by the plaintiff. The 3rd LOD dated 9
September 2020 was wrongly faxed by the defendant to xxxx3492 when the
plaintiff’s correct fax number was xxxx2991. In the 3rd LOD, the defendant
demanded that the plaintiff pay $37,676 which the plaintiff alleged was
erroneous as the correct amount should have been $36,350. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

SOC at para 32.

The 3rd LOD also demanded vacant possession by 14 September 2020. However, the
plaintiff only received the 3rd LOD on 15 September 2020 when the plaintiff’s
staff were allowed to return to the office to work in accordance with the
COVID-19 restriction measures which were imposed by the Government. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

SOC at para 31.

Thus, it was not the fault of the plaintiff that it did not receive the 3rd
LOD timely.

124 The 4th LOD dated 18 September 2020 was also sent to the wrong address.
Although the 4th LOD was addressed to Mr Heng Lee Kiang, the plaintiff’s
managing director, it was sent to Mr Heng Nge Guan’s registered address. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

RDCC at para 8(a).

Mr Heng Nge Guan was the plaintiff’s other registered director who was not
active in the running and management of the plaintiff. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

SOC at para 4.

As a result, the 4th LOD did not reach the plaintiff. Thus, the plaintiff was
unaware that it had to vacate the Premises before 22 September 2020 as it only
had sight of the 4th LOD on 24 September 2020, ie, past the deadline of 22
September 2020. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

RDCC at para 8(b).

The plaintiff also cannot be faulted for not attending timely to the 4th LOD
when it was the defendant who had sent the 4th LOD to the wrong address.

125 Hence, the defendant’s failure to issue the correct SOA and the errors
surrounding the issuance of LODs with an ultimatum to vacate the Premises by
certain deadlines cannot be held against the plaintiff as a failure to pay the
arrears promptly.

The defendant’s failure to secure the best price for the Assets

126 Apart from refusing to accept payment from the plaintiff who was prepared
to pay the outstanding monthly arrears, the defendant also took no steps to
mitigate its losses. The defendant failed to conduct proper and adequate due
diligence to ascertain the fair market value of the Assets. Instead, the
defendant sold the Assets for scrap. The defendant also failed to value the
Assets before the sale, 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 48 lines 3–7.

nor did it advertise the sale or auction the Assets. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 48 lines 8–18.

It is no coincidence that the defendant sold the Assets for $40,000, which is
close to the amount of outstanding rental arrears ($46,750).

127 Evidently, the defendant’s sole interest was to evict the plaintiff as
quickly as possible and to sell the Assets at a sum which would enable the
defendant to quickly recoup what Mr Lau believed he was owed by the plaintiff.

The defendant was keen on evicting the plaintiff in September 2020

128 It is strange that the defendant considered the plaintiff as an enemy and
their disputes as a war. During cross-examination, Mr Lau openly admitted that
he saw the plaintiff as “the enemy”: 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 86 line 11 to p 87 line 24.

MR LOH: The cheque payment in July for the two months payment and the cheque
month payment in August for the one-month payment. Newspaper Seng accepted
them, yes?

COURT: Two payments, what? Two months payment what?

MR LOH: Two months payment by cheque in July and a one-month payment by cheque
in August 2020.

A. That was before the battle began.

COURT: That was what?

A. That was before the battle began. Sorry, before the war began, your Honour,
sorry.

…

A. The war -- your Honour, I was referring to on the 24th the two companies
were already fighting with each other, so definitely they would have to bring
cash.

COURT: Mr Loh.

MR LOH: So, by the 24th you considered Chiap Seng the enemy, yes?

A. Definitely, because they didn’t pay, they’re definitely the enemy.

Q. So whatever they do to ask for help, to ask to pay, you would reject;
correct?

A. We would not reject them if they had asked to pay.

Q. I quote Ms Isabel’s email:

“We would like to make the outstanding payment to your company.”

Mr Alex must have told you what Ms Isabel wrote in the email; correct?

A. There’s no use for her to write such things because I want cash or
cashier’s order.

[emphasis added]

129 This explains the defendant’s hostile disposition in September 2020. The
defendant’s unresponsiveness to the plaintiff who wanted to pay the monthly
arrears (at [115] above) and the unreasonable demands that payment of the
monthly arrears had to be either in cash or cashier’s order (at [118] above)
can be attributed to an intention to evict the plaintiff. Indeed, it is
evident that, by September 2020, the defendant had already made up its mind to
evict the plaintiff from the Premises and ultimately did so in an unacceptably
abrupt and high-handed manner through capitalising on the plaintiff’s alleged
failure to pay the monthly rental and arrears. The non-payment of the monthly
arrears by the plaintiff was thus an excellent opportunity or excuse for the
defendant to evict the plaintiff.

130 The defendant, by its own unreasonable behaviour, refused to accept the
plaintiff’s payment of the arrears in September 2020. This can be contrasted
to the situation before the defendant received the CBHC letter dated 31 August
2020 in which JTC threatened to take action against the defendant for the
illegal structures and the unapproved subletting to the plaintiff. Before 31
August 2020, the defendant had received and accepted payments of the arrears
in July and August 2020 from the plaintiff. The reality is that the defendant
refused to accept payment of the arrears from the plaintiff who wanted to pay
despite not knowing the correct SOAs from the defendant. This being the case,
and in the absence of any reasonable explanation at the defendant’s end, the
defendant cannot now claim that the plaintiff’s failure to pay the defendant
amounted to a repudiatory breach of the Service Agreement.

131 Having regard to the above, I find that the defendant had no contractual
entitlement to dispose of the Assets under Clause 3(cc) of the Service
Agreement (see [111] above).

The COVID-19 Act

132 In any case, the COVID-19 Act prohibits the defendant from taking
enforcement actions against the plaintiff on the ground of the plaintiff’s
non-payment of rent. I turn to consider the plaintiff’s rights as a PTO under
the COVID-19 Act.

133 Since the Service Agreement is a tenancy agreement, it undoubtedly
qualifies as a “lease agreement” protected by Part 2A of the COVID-19 Act.
Section 19B(1) in Part 2A of the COVID-19 Act defines a lease agreement as
follows:

“lease agreement”, for any property, includes a lease or licence for that
property;

134 The relevant portions of s 19G of the COVID-19 Act read as follows:

Moratorium on rent recovery

19G.—(1) Despite any law or anything in any lease agreement in a PTO chain for
a prescribed property, a PTO’s landlord or a prescribed landlord in the PTO
chain (called in this section the applicable landlord) may not take any of the
actions described in subsection (2) in respect of the applicable landlord’s
tenant during the moratorium period described in subsection (3) in relation to
the non-payment of rent under the lease agreement between the applicable
landlord and the tenant.

(2) The actions mentioned in subsection (1) are —

…

(h) the commencement or levying of execution, distress or other legal process
against any property of the tenant or the tenant’s guarantor or surety;

(i) the termination of the lease agreement;

(j) the exercise of a right of re-entry or forfeiture under the lease
agreement, or the exercise of any other right that has a similar outcome;

…

(3) The moratorium period mentioned in subsection (1) starts on the date of
commencement of section 15 of the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Amendment)
Act 2020 and ends on the earlier of the following:

(a) the date a notice of cash grant pertaining to the PTO is issued by the
Authority to the owner of the prescribed property under the terms of the
public scheme;

(b) the prescribed date.

[emphasis added]

135 Section 19G of the COVID-19 Act imposes a moratorium on all enforcement
actions for rental arrears taken by landlords against PTOs. The moratorium
under s 19G of the COVID-19 Act against landlords’ enforcement actions
requires no notice. Thus, there was no requirement for the plaintiff to notify
the defendant that it is protected from enforcement actions under s 19G of the
COVID-19 Act. Section 9(1) of the COVID-19 Act only requires notification
where the party intends to seek relief under s 5, 5A or 7 of the COVID-19 Act:

Notification for relief

9.—(1) If a party to a scheduled contract (called in this section A) intends
to seek relief under section 5, 5A or 7, A must, within the period specified
in regulations made under section 19, and whether with or without prior demand
for performance, serve a notification for relief that contains the prescribed
information on —

(a) the other party or parties to the contract;

(b) any guarantor or surety for A’s obligation in the contract; and

(c) such other person as may be prescribed.

136 The moratorium under s 19G of the COVID-19 Act remained in force until
IRAS issued the notice of cash grant or, if no such notice was issued, until
31 December 2020. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

PBOD at pp 15–17; SOC at para 92D.

The Notice of Cash Grant was only issued on 18 February 2021. The moratorium
was thus in force when the defendant entered the Premises and took away the
Assets from 24 to 30 September 2020. Therefore, the defendant’s seizure and
disposal of the Assets are in clear breach of s 19G of the COVID-19 Act. The
defendant, by selling the Assets as scrap in order to recover the rental
arrears, did the very thing the COVID-19 Act prohibited.

137 The Notice of Cash Grant provides that up to two months of the plaintiff’s
rent must be waived in accordance with the COVID-19 Act. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

ABOD at p 82.

Thus, it is clear that the plaintiff was deemed to be a PTO within the meaning
of the COVID-19 Act. The defendant’s attempt to argue otherwise is
unsustainable. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

DOS at para 56.

(1) Automatic termination clause

138 The defendant disputes the applicability of s 19G of the COVID-19 Act.
Section 19G(1) of the COVID-19 Act confines its applicability to where there
was “non-payment of rent under the lease agreement between the applicable
landlord and tenant” [emphasis added]. The defendant relies on Clause 5(c) of
the Service Agreement to argue that it was entitled to terminate the Service
Agreement on grounds unrelated to the non-payment of the Service Fees, namely
JTC’s alleged “refusal to approve the Service Agreement”. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

DOS at para 68.

Clause 5(c) of the Service Agreement reads as follows:

DISALLOWED BY AUTHORITIES

Should the JTC Corporation and/or any Government or quasi-Government body for
any reason disallow this service agreement and/or the use of the service area
by the Service Recipient for the purposes. This Agreement shall be deemed to
be terminated and the Service Recipient shall vacate the service area within
the period of time stipulated by the body concerned and neither party shall
have any claim against the other whatsoever.

[emphasis added]

Accordingly, the defendant submits that s 19G of the COVID-19 Act is
inapplicable.

139 This argument fails as Clause 5(c) of the Service Agreement was not
engaged on the facts. The condition precedent in Clause 5(c) is that JTC must
disallow the Service Agreement or the use of the Service Area by the
plaintiff. It is clear from the wording of the CHBC Letter that JTC did not go
so far as to disallow the Service Agreement or the use of the Service Area by
the plaintiff. JTC merely required that the defendant regularise its
unapproved actions and seek the necessary approvals. This is clear from the
CHBC Letter: 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

ABOD at pp 44–45.

4 If you should decide to retain the above structures, please submit the
necessary building plans through a Qualified Person (QP) to JTC’s Land
Planning Division (LPD) for its consent by 30 October 20 and then subsequently
to the URA, BCA and other government agencies for approval. …

5 We noticed that Chiap Seng Contractors Pte Ltd is occupying the premises
without obtaining JTC’s approval. You are required to cease the unapproved
subletting within 2 months from the date of this letter. Alternatively, to
submit an application to JTC within 2 months from the date of this letter.
Uppon [sic] approval, liquidated damages for the unapproved subletting period
will be payable.

6 If no action is taken by you to either rectify or regularize the items that
have been mentioned by 30 October 20, we will have to consider referring your
case to the government agencies for enforcement action.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

140 When JTC discovered that the defendant had sublet the Service Area to the
plaintiff without prior approval, the defendant was not directed by JTC to
evict the plaintiff within two months without any other alternative or option
open to the defendant. JTC gave the defendant an alternative to evicting the
plaintiff, ie, to submit an application to JTC to allow the plaintiff to
continue as a tenant. Should JTC’s approval be given, the defendant would then
have to pay liquidated damages to JTC for the unapproved subletting period.
The defendant was not prepared to pay liquidated damages to JTC for its
wrongful act of subletting to the plaintiff without seeking JTC’s prior
approval. Thus, the defendant had to evict the plaintiff from the Premises as
otherwise JTC would take punitive action against the defendant.

141 Thus, the CHBC Letter did not disallow the “[S]ervice [A]greement and/or
the use of the [S]ervice [A]rea” by the plaintiff as specified by Clause 5(c)
of the Service Agreement. This is not a case where JTC discovered the
unauthorised subletting of the Premises by the defendant and directed the
defendant to evict the plaintiff within two months of JTC’s letter. Rather,
the defendant voluntarily terminated the Service Agreement as it did not wish
to pay JTC the stipulated liquidated damages for the period of unauthorised
subletting. The defendant knew that it was not permitted to sublet the
Premises without approval from JTC but, nevertheless, went ahead to sublet the
Service Area to the plaintiff. The latter was unaware of the unauthorised
subletting by the defendant. In this situation, JTC was not even given the
opportunity to consider the Service Agreement. It, therefore, cannot be said
that JTC had “disallowed” the plaintiff’s use of the Service Area. At best,
the defendant may, in accordance with the CHBC Letter, argue that any
disallowance on JTC’s part would be after 30 October 2020. But even this does
not help the defendant’s case. I, therefore, find that Clause 5(c) was not
engaged and the defendant was not entitled to terminate the Service Agreement
on this basis.

(2) Illegal structures on the Premises

142 The defendant also cannot argue that it terminated the Service Agreement
because the plaintiff had erected the illegal structures on the Premises. In
both the 3rd LOD and the 4th LOD, the defendant’s solicitors stated as
follows: 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

ABOD at pp 49–50.

On 25 August 2020, JTC attended at the Premises to conduct an inspection.
During the inspection, it was discovered that there are illegal structures
which you had fitted to the Premises.

[emphasis added]

143 However, Mr Lau conceded in court that the illegal structures mentioned in
the CHBC Letter were not within the Storage Area and had “nothing to do with”
the plaintiff: 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 63 line 18 to p 64 line 3.

MR LOH: … So, Mr Lau, since you have drawn in red the area that Chiap Seng
occupies in 33 Defu Lane 6, and from your own drawing, this area is outside of
CHBC’s area A and area B. Clearly the unapproved structures have nothing to do
with Chiap Seng, correct?

A. Yes, it has nothing to do with Chiap Seng.

Q. Thank you. So you don’t blame Chiap Seng for building the illegal
structures then at 33 Defu Lane 6?

A. I did not blame them.

[emphasis added]

144 I, therefore, find that Clause 5(c) of the Service Agreement was not
engaged on the facts. The defendant’s hurried and haphazard termination of the
Service Agreement following the CHBC Letter, and its subsequent and sudden
disposal of the Assets, was a drastic, unreasonable and high-handed act. The
defendant did not have any right, whether in contract or in law, to terminate
the Service Agreement and dispose of the Assets.

The CHBC Letter

145 Mr Lau’s evidence on his knowledge of the CHBC Letter was also
contradictory. The CHBC Letter was addressed to the managing director of the
defendant and was dated 31 August 2020, by which time Mr Lau had been the
defendant’s managing director for around eight months. Yet, Mr Lau denied that
he had sight of the CHBC Letter and claimed that he had not seen the CHBC
Letter before the trial: 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Transcript (24 May 2022) at p 73 line 3 to p 74 line 20.

Q. This is a letter issued by CHBC dated 31 August 2020; correct?

A. Yes.

…

Q. So on page [44 of the ABOD] are you there?

A. Yes.

Q. When CHBC on behalf of JTC addresses the letter to Newspaper Seng Logistics
Pte Ltd, it is correct?

A. What is CHBC?

Q. Mr Lau, this is Newspaper Seng’s evidence.

A. So, okay, I guess, that means yes.

Q. Are you saying you’ve not seen this document before?

A. I have not seen this document.

[emphasis added]

146 Mr Lau eventually showed that he was aware of the contents of the CHBC
Letter when he explained why the defendant was in a hurry to sell off the
Assets: 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 45 lines 20–25.

COURT: What is the hurry for selling away Chiap Seng’s [A]ssets?

A. JTC said we had to move out between the beginning of August to the end of
October. They also spoke of the illegal structures. So when the government say
so, we have to take action.

147 It can be inferred that the defendant, upon receipt of the CHBC Letter,
jumped to the conclusion that it would have to evict the plaintiff from the
Premises or face enforcement action by JTC. Mr Lau admitted that he was aware
since December 2019 that the defendant was prohibited from subletting the
Premises without JTC’s approval. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Transcript (27 May 2022) at p 32 lines 8–11.

The plaintiff was also in arrears for seven months before the CHBC Letter
dated 31 August 2020, ie, from as early as February 2020. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

RDCC at para 3(d).

Yet, it was only after the receipt of the CHBC Letter that the defendant
sprang into action to evict the plaintiff. Following the receipt of the CHBC
Letter, the defendant was put on notice that JTC was aware that it had sublet
the Premises to the plaintiff without JTC’s approval and was desperate to fix
the situation. Thus, in a hurried bid to save its own skin, the defendant
acted without a single thought for the plaintiff’s interests. The defendant
then capitalised on the plaintiff’s failure to pay rent to evict the plaintiff
from the Premises and to then sell the Assets to Yew Huat.

148 The evidence also suggests that the sale of the Assets to Yew Huat was
done in an extremely rushed manner. Mr Lau testified that the defendant
reached an agreement to sell the Assets to Yew Huat “between 15 and 20
September” 2020. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 13 lines 13–17.

This means that the defendant had already agreed to sell the Assets for scrap
to Yew Huat even before 22 September 2020, which was the deadline given to the
plaintiff to vacate the Premises in the 4th LOD. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

ABOD at p 50 para 5.

The plaintiff avers that Yew Huat is its competitor. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 97 lines 2–3.

According to Mr Lau, Yew Huat “had always known that [the Assets] actually
belonged or belongs to Chiap Seng”. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 98 lines 19–23.

Mr Lau also testified that he showed Yew Huat the letters of demand sent from
its solicitors to the plaintiff. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 97 line 24 to p 98 line 7.

In these circumstances, it can be inferred that the defendant had approached
Yew Huat knowing that Yew Huat was likely to buy the Assets. This would allow
the defendant to quickly dispose of the Assets and remedy its illegal
subletting.

149 It is, therefore, no coincidence that (a) the disposal and sale of the
Assets came less than a month after the CHBC Letter dated 31 August 2020; and
(b) the Assets were sold for $40,000, almost the same amount of rental arrears
owed by the plaintiff to the defendant at that time. The defendant’s conduct
is plainly unacceptable and inconsistent with the spirit of the COVID-19 Act,
which was specifically enacted to protect tenants who were badly affected by
the COVID-19 pandemic from enforcement actions by their landlords. Indeed, the
plaintiff’s business came to a standstill as a result of the Government’s
COVID-19 restrictive measures. In these circumstances, it is clear that the
defendant took such drastic action against the plaintiff in order to save its
own skin and stave off enforcement action by JTC. The defendant’s seizure and
disposal of the Assets were extremely high-handed.

The Distress Act

150 As I have found that the Service Agreement is a tenancy agreement, the
Distress Act is applicable to this case. It is undisputed that the defendant
did not comply with the Distress Act as it did not consider the Service
Agreement to be a tenancy agreement. Thus, the defendant committed multiple
breaches of the Distress Act in its imperious and abrupt disposal of the
Assets.

151 First, the Distress Act requires that the defendant apply for a writ of
distress. This the defendant had failed to do. The defendant thus acted
contrary to the relevant sections of the Distress Act, which read as follows:

No distress otherwise than under this Act

4. No landlord shall distrain for rent except in the manner provided by this Act.

Application for writ of distress

5.—(1) A landlord or his agent duly authorised in writing may apply ex parte
to a judge or registrar for an order for the issue of a writ, to be called a
writ of distress, for the recovery of rent due or payable to the landlord by a
tenant of any premises for a period not exceeding 12 completed months of the
tenancy immediately preceding the date of the application; and the judge or
registrar may make such order accordingly.

(2) Such authority may be in the prescribed form, with such variations as
circumstances require, and shall be produced at the time of the application.

(3) Arrears of rent may be distrained for after the determination of the
tenancy, provided that either the tenant is still in occupation of the
premises in respect of which the rent is claimed to be due, or any goods of
the tenant are still on the premises.

…

Writ of distress

7. A writ of distress shall be addressed to the sheriff, directing him forthwith to distrain any movable property found by him on the premises named therein, or such part of the property as may in his judgment be sufficient, when sold, to realise the amount of rent therein stated to be due to the applicant, together with such sum as may be due to the applicant by way of costs and to the sheriff for his fees and expenses.

152 Second, the defendant’s seizure of the Assets comprising scaffolding for
multi-tiered seating galleries and for the F1 night race were the plaintiff’s
main tools of trade. Thus, the defendant’s seizure of the Assets was in breach
of s 8(d) of the Distress Act. Section 8(d) of the Distress Act reads as
follows:

Property exempted from seizure

8. Property seizable under a writ of distress shall not include —

…

(d) goods in the possession of the tenant for the purpose of being carried,
wrought, worked up, or otherwise dealt with in the course of his ordinary
trade or business;

153 Having regard to the above, I find that the defendant’s actions of seizing
and disposing of the Assets without a writ of distress were in breach of the
Distress Act.

Estoppel

154 Given that I have already found the defendant’s intentional disposal of
the Assets to be wrongful under the COVID-19 Act and the Distress Act, it is
not necessary for me to deal with the plaintiff’s claim that the defendant was
estopped from disposing of the Assets. I also note that much of the
plaintiff’s estoppel claim rests on the representations made by Mr Ang, who in
any event was not called as a witness. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

SOC at paras 29B–29E.

Summary on the defendant’s wrongful disposal of the Assets

155 In summary, I make the following findings:

(a) The defendant had no contractual entitlement to dispose of the Assets as
it had, by its own accord, refused to accept the payment of the arrears from
the willing plaintiff.

(b) The defendant’s disposal of the Assets was in breach of s 19G of the
COVID-19 Act.

(c) The defendant’s disposal of the Assets without obtaining a writ of
distress was in breach of the Distress Act.

156 I, therefore, find that the defendant was not entitled to dispose of the
Assets, and is liable for damages payable to the plaintiff. I shall not
consider the extent of damages due to the plaintiff as parties agreed to
bifurcation.

The defendant’s breach of trust

157 According to the plaintiff, the defendant held the Assets on trust for the
plaintiff when the defendant took possession of the Assets. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

SOC at paras 64A and 76.

The defendant therefore owed a duty to act in the plaintiff’s best interests,
219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 172–175.

which encompasses, inter alia, not disposing of the Assets or, if the
defendant was entitled to dispose of the Assets, to sell them at fair market
value. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

SOC at para 64A.

158 It is not necessary to deal with the issues of whether the defendant held
the Assets on trust for the plaintiff and acted in breach of trust as I have
found above that the defendant was not entitled to dispose of the Assets and
is liable for damages payable to the plaintiff.

The defendant’s counterclaim

159 I find that the defendant is not entitled to its counterclaim for the sum
of $6,750 as it had failed to mitigate its losses.

160 Mr Lau’s evidence on how he sold the Assets suggests that he did not
conduct due diligence to secure the best prices for the plaintiff’s Assets. Mr
Lau claimed that he verbally invited two or three buyers to inspect the Assets
before selling them. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 10 lines 11–18.

The defendant failed to call the purported potential buyers to testify before
the Court. Mr Lau initially claimed that the potential buyers said “they [had]
to weigh the scrap metal”. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 10 lines 19–22.

However, this was not done by the potential buyers. Mr Lau averred that as the
potential buyers were in the scrap metal business, they would “be able to tell
the weight of the assets based on the area the assets occupied. They will know
that it’s scaffolding, racks and it is hollow”. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 12 lines 7–11.

Mr Lau also claimed that it was the defendant who then weighed the Assets
using a weighing scale on the Premises and showed the prospective buyers the
weight of the Assets. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 10 line 11 to p 12 line 22.

No objective evidence was produced to support any of Mr Lau’s claims as the
above was all allegedly done verbally. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 13 lines 11–12.

161 In these circumstances, Mr Lau’s claim that he negotiated the price with
other buyers before eventually selling the Assets to Yew Huat is suspect. As I
noted at [148] above, the objective circumstances indicate that the defendant
sold the Assets in a hurried and rushed manner. This being the case, it was
unlikely that the defendant had taken steps to mitigate the losses that form
the subject of its counterclaim. If the defendant had, to the contrary, taken
the time to ascertain the fair market value of the Assets, it may have been
able to recover all or even an amount in excess of the plaintiff’s rental
arrears.

162 I, therefore, find that the defendant failed to mitigate its losses and
dismiss the defendant’s counterclaim.

Assessment of the witnesses

163 The plaintiff called three witnesses: Mr Heng, Ms Tay and Mr Ponnusamy
Anbarasan, one of the plaintiff’s truck drivers. Their evidence was largely
consistent and contained no serious discrepancies.

164 The defendant’s sole witness was Mr Lau. Mr Lau’s evidence was
contradictory, confusing and unreliable. I have pointed out multiple occasions
when Mr Lau vacillated in his evidence on critical issues (at [47]–[49],
[145]–[146] and [160]–[161] above). Further, the defendant’s counsel argues
that Mr Lau’s opinions on the nature of the Service Agreement must be treated
with caution because he was not involved in the negotiations leading up to the
execution of the Service Agreement. Thus, Mr Lau would not have known the
parties’ true intentions. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

DRS at paras 7–11.

I find the submission on this point to be a non-starter. Throughout the cross-
examination, Mr Lau has displayed a clear awareness and understanding of the
nature of the Service Agreement as evident from his answers to the numerous
questions put by the plaintiff’s counsel.

165 I also find that Mr Lau has a stubborn streak, which explains the
defendant’s uncompromising and high-handed conduct. For example, Mr Lau was
asked about the 1st LOD dated 6 February 2020 which demanded payment of the
January and February 2020 fees amounting to $22,256. Since this letter was
issued after the parties mutually agreed to reduce the monthly fee to $9,000
from $10,400, the sum of $22,256 for January and February 2020 is incorrect.
That the 1st LOD listed an incorrect sum of arrears is also undisputed by both
parties as the defendant later issued the Credit Notes on 1 June 2020 to
refund the overpaid amount to the plaintiff. However, Mr Lau adamantly denied
that the sum of $22,256 stated in the 1st LOD was incorrect and vehemently
defended the accuracy of the figure. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 33 line 15 to p 34 line 1.

It was only after the Court mentioned the Credit Notes did Mr Lau reluctantly
admit, albeit implicitly, that the sum of $22,256 was incorrect and that was
why he “added a [credit note]”. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Transcript (26 May 2022) at p 36 line 2 to p 37 line 23.

The declaration to nullify the sale of the Assets to Yew Huat

166 The plaintiff asked for, inter alia, a declaration that the sale of the
Assets to Yew Huat is null and void. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

POS at para 50; SOC at para 93(c).

However, this Court is unable to grant this remedy as (a) Yew Huat is not a
party to these proceedings; and (b) Yew Huat appears to be a bona fide third
party purchaser for value without notice of the plaintiff’s interest as
claimed in these proceedings. The declaration will affect the right of Yew
Huat to the Assets for which it had paid $40,000 to the defendant. The
plaintiff should have included Yew Huat as a party to these proceedings so
that Yew Huat was given an opportunity to defend itself.

167 To successfully establish that Yew Huat is a bona fide third party
purchaser for value without notice (“the purchaser”), the following elements
must be present: (a) the purchaser acted in good faith; (b) the purchaser had
paid valuable consideration; (c) the purchaser obtained the legal interest in
the property; and (d) the purchaser had no notice of the plaintiff’s equitable
interest in the property: Snell’s Equity (John McGhee, Steven Elliott, ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2020) at paras 4-017–4-027.

168 Mr Lau testified that he told Yew Huat the plaintiff was in arrears and
showed Yew Huat the letters of demand sent from the defendant’s solicitors to
the plaintiff. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Transcript (25 May 2022) at p 97 line 16 to p 98 line 4.

This gave Yew Huat the impression that the defendant had the legal right to
seize and sell the Assets as the plaintiff was in arrears. Accordingly, Yew
Huat had no notice of the plaintiff’s interest in the Assets. Thus, it appears
that Yew Huat might have acted in good faith when it purchased the Assets and
furnished consideration of $40,000 to obtain the Assets. The Court’s hands
are, therefore, tied and it cannot make a declaration that the sale of the
Assets to Yew Huat is null and void.

Conclusion

169 For the above reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant
for its intentional disposal of the Assets. I grant all of the plaintiff’s
prayers as pleaded in the SOC, 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

SOC at para 93.

save for: (a) a declaration that the sale of the Assets to Yew Huat is null
and void; and (b) an order for the plaintiff and the defendant to recover the
Assets from Yew Huat.

170 I also dismiss the defendant’s counterclaim for the balance outstanding
arrears. However, I make the following findings:

(a) There was a tenancy agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant. The
language of the LOI plainly shows that the parties intended to create a
landlord-tenant relationship. The Service Agreement was, in substance, a
tenancy agreement. IRAS also considered the Service Agreement to be a tenancy
agreement. Further, the plaintiff had exclusive possession of the Service
Area. The name “Service Agreement” was an attempt by the defendant to
circumvent JTC’s prohibition against subletting the Premises. In fact, JTC,
through the CHBC letter, concluded that the plaintiff was the defendant’s
subtenant and the defendant did not dispute JTC’s finding. Finally, the
assignment of the leasehold to the defendant was valid.

(b) The defendant had no contractual entitlement to dispose of the Assets. The
plaintiff made attempts to make payment of the arrears in September 2020 but
the defendant unreasonably refused to accept the plaintiff’s payment. The
defendant’s intentional, unreasonable and high-handed disposal of the Assets
was in breach of the COVID-19 Act and the Distress Act.

(c) The defendant’s counterclaim fails as the defendant did not mitigate its
losses. The defendant did not make attempts to ascertain the fair market value
of the Assets. Its sole concern was to sell the Assets as quickly as possible
in order to evict the plaintiff as its tenant so as to avert punitive actions
from JTC.

171 The defendant should have lived up to its responsibilities as landlord of
the plaintiff and engaged in discussions with the plaintiff who acted at all
times as an amiable and willing tenant. Disappointingly, the defendant refused
to engage the plaintiff in September 2020 and was instead determined to evict
the plaintiff from the Premises so that JTC would not take action against the
defendant for unapproved subletting.

172 The defendant is to pay costs to the plaintiff for the main suit and the
defendant’s counterclaim, to be agreed or taxed.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Loh Yik Ming Michael (Clifford Law LLP) for the plaintiff;

Lim Bee Li and Wong Zhen Yang (Chevalier Law LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Aug 2022 (16:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

