Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 212

District Court Appeal No 20 of 2022

Between

| Youprint Productions Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Mak Sook Ling  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Contract — Breach]

[Contract — Remedies — Damages — Nominal damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Youprint Productions Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Mak Sook Ling

[2022] SGHC 212

General Division of the High Court — District Court Appeal No 20 of 2022  
Chua Lee Ming J  
18 August 2022

31 August 2022

Chua Lee Ming J:

1 This appeal against the decision of the District Court involves a short
point. Where the plaintiff in a claim for breach of contract proves the breach
but fails to prove loss or damage, should his claim be dismissed or should it
be allowed with nominal damages awarded?

2 The full facts are set out in the District Judge’s Grounds of Decision in
Youprint Productions Pte Ltd v Mak Sook Ling [2022] SGDC 131 (the “GD”).
Suffice it to say that the appellant sued the respondent (a former employee)
in the District Court for breach of her employment contract. The District
Judge found that the respondent had breached her employment contract, but the
appellant had not proved loss. The District Judge also declined to make an
order for an account of profits because it had not been pleaded and, in any
event, ordinary compensatory damages were available as a remedy save that the
appellant had not adduced sufficient evidence.

3 The District Judge did not award nominal damages to the appellant. Instead,
he dismissed the appellant’s claim, relying on LighthouseCarrwood Ltd v
Luckett [2007] EWHC 2866 (QB) (“LighthouseCarrwood”) (GD at [18]). In that
case, the English High Court struck out a claim for breach of contract for the
following reasons (at [84]):

… To win the case, the Claimant must prove liability and prove that he has
sustained a computable loss. One without the other is no good. What is the
merit in establishing liability if no provable loss can be shown to flow from
the breach? I have to say that, even if the case were to go ahead on the issue
of liability and the Claimant were to win on liability, the Claimant will be
faced with the costs bill in any event, in all probability from this
particular judge, having been unable to establish any part of its claim other
than liability for no remedy. Accordingly, the sensible thing to do, and I do,
is to make the final step which I am asked to make and strike out the whole of
the claim. I only add this observation. In my judgment this is a strike out in
name only. What I am really doing is ruling that the Claimant’s case fails
because it cannot, on the evidence which it is allowed to place before the
court, establish a crucial part of that case. Thus there has to be a judgment
in favour of the Defendant.

4 The appellant argued that the District Judge was wrong in dismissing its
claim outright and that he ought to have allowed the claim and awarded nominal
damages instead. The respondent supported the District Judge’s decision,
relying on LighthouseCarrwood. I agreed with the appellant. In my view, the
District Judge’s decision was wrong as a matter of law.

5 The innocent party is always entitled to claim damages as of right for loss
resulting from breach of contract: see RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S)
Pte Ltd and another appeal [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 at [40]; Denka Advantech Pte
Ltd and another v Seraya Energy Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2021] 1
SLR 631 at [60]. Breaches of contract are actionable without proof of damage,
but recovery of substantial damages requires proof of such loss: The Law of
Contract in Singapore vol 2 (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy
Publishing, 2022) at para 20.073. If the claimant fails to prove either the
fact of damage or the quantum of its loss, only nominal damages may be
awarded: Biofuel Industries Pte Ltd v V8 Environmental Pte Ltd and another
appeal [2018] 2 SLR 199 (“Biofuel”) (at [44]).

6 The position is explained in Butterworths Common Law Series: The Law of
Damages (Andrew Tettenborn gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2010) (“The Law of
Damages”) as follows, at paras 2.05–2.07 and 2.09:

2.05 A fundamental fault-line runs through the English law of obligations. It
divides wrongs into two categories: (1) those for which proof of loss is an
essential ingredient, and (2) those which are actionable per se. In cases in
the former category, which importantly includes the torts of negligence,
nuisance, deceit and the economic torts, no cause of action at all arises
unless and until some loss is suffered by the claimant. In the latter, any
infringement is automatically wrongful, and damages are available as of right
whether or not any loss is suffered. It follows from this that, if no other
recoverable loss is proved, the claimant still has a right to nominal damages.
…

2.06 … nominal damages are essentially symbolic. The giving of them is only
appropriate where no actual recoverable loss is shown. …

2.07 For the purpose of the award of nominal damages, wrongs actionable per se
include all breaches of contract …

…

2.09 …where a claimant proves a breach but no recoverable loss, the court has
effectively no choice but to award nominal damages. …

7 The District Judge noted (GD at [18]) that LighthouseCarrwood was recently
cited in Phua Seng Hua and others v Kwee Seng Chio Peter and another [2022]
SGHC(A) 11 at [46]. However, in that case, the Appellate Division had cited
LighthouseCarrwood for the principle that a claim for Wrotham Park damages has
to be pleaded. The question as to whether a breach of contract is actionable
as of right was not in issue in that case and nothing in the Appellate
Division’s grounds of decision can be said to have approved the statement in
LighthouseCarrwood that was relied on by the District Judge. In my view, in so
far as LighthouseCarrwood decided that a claim for breach of contract fails if
loss cannot be proved, it was wrong and should not be followed.

8 The respondent also relied on Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen
Consultants Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“Robertson Quay”) and
Biofuel.

9 In Biofuel, the Court of Appeal referred to Robertson Quay and stated as
follows (at [42]):

… In Robertson Quay, we recognised that there were two competing
considerations that a court should take into account when assessing damages –
while the claimant bears the burden of proving the fact and amount of loss,
and therefore must adduce sufficient evidence to quantify the damage, in some
cases, absolute certainty and precision as to the quantum of damage would be
impossible to achieve (see [30]). … The starting point remains that ‘a
plaintiff cannot simply make a claim for damages without placing before the
court sufficient evidence of the loss it has suffered even if it is otherwise
entitled in principle to recover damages’ (Robertson Quay at [31]). It is only
‘where the [claimant] has attempted its level best to prove its loss and the
evidence is cogent’ that the court will allow it to recover the damages
claimed even if the quantum of loss cannot be determined with exact certainty
(Robertson Quay at [31]) [emphasis in original].

10 The respondent submitted that the appellant was not entitled to nominal
damages as it had not shown that it had attempted its level best to prove its
loss and adduce cogent evidence. I disagreed with the respondent’s submission.
The references to the claimant having attempted its level best to prove its
loss were made in the context of proof of substantial damages, not nominal
damages: see Robertson Quay at [27] and Biofuel at [40].

11 I would add that where the trial is not bifurcated and the claimant
succeeds in proving breach of contract but recovers only nominal damages
because it fails to prove loss, generally, the claimant ought to be awarded
costs. The quantum of costs may, of course, take into account the fact that
the claimant has failed to prove loss. On the other hand, where the trial is
bifurcated and the claimant fails to prove loss during the hearing for the
assessment of damages, the claimant would generally either recover no costs or
be ordered to pay the costs of the assessment. This is because at the
assessment hearing, the only issue is the quantum of loss and a claimant who
merely receives nominal damages has effectively lost: The Law of Damages at
para 2.15.

12 In the present case, the appellant confirmed that it was not seeking costs
of the trial below but submitted that it should be awarded costs of the
appeal. The respondent pointed out that it had made an offer to settle before
the hearing of this appeal. The terms of the offer to settle were more
favourable to the appellant than my decision in this appeal. However, the
respondent submitted that there should be no order as to costs in respect of
this appeal. In the circumstances, I made no order as to costs in respect of
this appeal.

13 In conclusion, I allowed the appeal, set aside the District Judge’s order
dismissing the appellant’s claim and awarded the appellant nominal damages
fixed at $1,500. Finally, I made no order as to costs of this appeal.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Roche Eng Keng Loon (R.E. Law LLC) for the appellant;

Wong Jieh (Circular Law Chambers LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Aug 2022 (14:57 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

