Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL OF the republic of singapore

[2022] SGCA 51

Criminal Appeal No 12 of 2016

Between

| Norasharee Bin Gous  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX Tempore judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Stay of execution]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Norasharee bin Gous

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGCA 51

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 12 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA and Tay Yong Kwang JCA  
6 July 2022

7 July 2022

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 Criminal Appeal Nos 12 and 13 of 2016 (“CCAs 12 and 13”) were heard by this
court on 27 October 2016. Those appeals arose from a trial that involved three
joint accused, one Mohamad Yazid bin Md Yusof (“Yazid”), one Kalwant Singh a/l
Jogindar Singh (“Kalwant”) and the present applicant, Norasharee bin Gous
(“Norasharee”). The High Court Judge (“the HCJ”) who heard the matter
convicted all three accused persons of their respective charges under the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) as follows:

(a) Yazid faced one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA for
possessing not less than 120.90g of diamorphine for the purpose of
trafficking.

(b) Kalwant faced one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA for
possessing not less than 60.15g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking
(in respect of the three bundles in his haversack) and another charge under s
5(1)(a) of the MDA for trafficking in not less than 120.90g of diamorphine (in
respect of the six bundles delivered to Yazid).

(c) Norasharee faced one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 12 of the MDA for
abetting, by instigation, Yazid to traffic in not less than 120.90g of
diamorphine.

2 The HCJ sentenced Yazid to life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane,
while Kalwant and the present applicant, Norasharee, were sentenced to the
mandatory sentence of death as they did not qualify for the alternative
sentencing regime provided for under the MDA.

3 On 10 March 2017, we issued our judgment in Norasharee bin Gous v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 820 (“the
Judgment”) dismissing the appeals that had been brought by Kalwant and by the
present applicant. Both these cases then involved some further applications
and in the case of the present applicant, he applied for and obtained from us
an order that the matter be remitted to the HCJ to enable some further
evidence to be taken in his effort to establish a defence of alibi. For
present purposes, it suffices to note that the HCJ found that the defence of
alibi was not made out. The only witness called by the present applicant at
the remittal hearing was found to be an unreliable witness and when the matter
came back before us, we dismissed the application to re-open the appeal.

4 The sentence imposed by the HCJ and affirmed by us is scheduled to be
carried out tomorrow, 7 July 2022. On 5 July 2022, we received a motion filed
by Kalwant seeking a stay of execution. We fixed the matter for an urgent
hearing at 3.00pm today, 6 July 2022. We dismissed Kalwant’s application this
afternoon at 4.33pm.

5 At about 4.00 pm, the court received a letter from the present applicant
stating that he wished to seek a stay of execution of his own sentence. Just
prior to this, the Court had also received some letters from the present
applicant’s wife and another letter from Yazid’s ex-wife, Nordiana bte Mohd
Yusof, who we refer to as “Nordiana”. The letter from the applicant’s wife
included a statutory declaration sworn by Nordiana in essentially similar
terms to what was in her letter. We directed that the present applicant’s
letter be treated as an oral application for a stay of execution even though
there was no filing of a formal motion in accordance with the rules and no
supporting affidavit. We also directed that the Prosecution be served the
letters and be asked to attend. The Prosecution attended by DPP Yang Ziliang
at very short notice.

6 The heart of the present applicant’s contention is that new evidence had
just come to his awareness which cast doubt on the correctness of our decision
in the original appeals. His precise words in his letter are as follows:

The evidence in Nordiana’s letters has a direct bearing on the judgment of the
court of appeal. In paragraph 61 the court said that my failure to explain how
Yazid knew I was at VivoCity on 25 October 2013 [the actual date in question
was 23 October 2013] was ‘critical’.

Nordiana’s new evidence explains this clearly to my benefit and renders
Yazid’s testimony unreliable. The attached evidence are [sic] self-evident on
that.

7 For present purposes, we take the applicant’s case at its highest. We begin
by setting out what we said in the material part of [61] of the Judgment in
CCAs 12 and 13 as follows:

Norasharee’s evidence failed in three critical aspects – his failure to
explain why Yazid would want to frame him, how Yazid knew he was at VivoCity
on 23 October 2013 and why he denied previously that he knew Yazid.

8 There were three separate and distinct aspects of the evidence which
undergirded our conclusion that the present applicant’s contention at trial
and at the appeal that Yazid’s evidence should be rejected was unsustainable.
As we explained to the present applicant, taking his case at its highest, he
only puts Nordiana’s evidence forward in an attempt to challenge the second of
these bases. Nothing is put forward to attack or undermine the first and third
bases on which we came to our finding on that issue.

9 But beyond that, Nordiana’s evidence in fact says nothing at all about that
second basis. To reiterate, as we said in the Judgment and as the present
applicant perfectly understood as seen from that extract of his letter, that
second basis had to do with whether the present applicant could explain how
Yazid knew that the applicant was at VivoCity on the day in question. But
nothing in Nordiana’s evidence touches on this. Instead, her evidence is
directed at her contention that Yazid would allegedly go to VivoCity quite
frequently to drop Nordiana at her workplace and/or to have lunch with her.
Even if we accept that this is true, it says nothing about how Yazid would
know that the present applicant was at VivoCity that day.

10 In the circumstances, there is nothing before us that even remotely
displaces the validity of the conclusion we reached in the appeal, nor on any
one of the three separate grounds on which we reached that conclusion
including that we found Yazid’s evidence to be reliable. In these
circumstances, we dismiss the present application.

11 We would add that in the Judgment, we had also explained at [100]–[101]
that the present applicant’s contention that he did not meet Yazid at VivoCity
on that day was fanciful and incredible not least because there was simply no
reasonable hypothesis that could sustain that possibility. We repeat what we
said there as follows:

100 If Yazid did not take instructions from Norasharee in person that day in
VivoCity, then there were only a few hypotheses that could possibly explain
how Yazid knew that Norasharee was at VivoCity:

(a) Yazid met Norasharee at VivoCity but they did not talk about drugs. We
reject this hypothesis because Norasharee did not take the position that there
was a meeting.

(b) Yazid saw Norasharee at VivoCity fortuitously. If so, why did Yazid not
volunteer information about Norasharee’s presence at VivoCity earlier to help
the CNB track Norasharee down, especially if his alleged intent was to frame
an enemy from a rival gang?

(c) Yazid learnt subsequently that Norasharee had gone to VivoCity in the
afternoon of 23 October 2013. This raised the question as to how Yazid came
across this information despite being in remand and although Norasharee was in
VivoCity for only 33 minutes. There was also the issue of how he could state
very early during the investigations that he had taken instructions from Boy
Ayie in the afternoon of 23 October 2013.

(d) Yazid was telling lies that turned out to be consistent with objective
facts.

101 We find that all the above hypotheses contain no merit and create no doubt
as to the truthfulness of Yazid’s evidence. ….

12 Those observations remain completely valid in our judgment. We explained
the key points of what we have just set out to the applicant before we just
stood down and the applicant then asked that the stay of execution be granted
to enable him to consult counsel. The present applicant has been extended the
fullest protection of the law and of due process. There is no basis at all for
us to grant a stay of execution for him to consult counsel when there is no
substratum of fact to support a real possibility of relief being granted. We
therefore dismiss the application.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice| Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
  
The appellant in person;

Yang Ziliang, Marcus Foo and Andrew Low (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Jul 2022 (14:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

