Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 162

Suit No 1268 of 2016  
(Assessment of Damages No 19 of 2021)

Between

| Borneo Ventures Pte. Ltd.  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ong Han Nam @ Edward Ong  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Damages - Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Ong Han Nam

[2022] SGHC 162

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1268 of 2016 (Assessment of
Damages No 19 of 2021)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
20–24 September, 8 November, 6 December 2021

8 July 2022 Judgment reserved

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 The assessment of damages (“the AD hearing”) in this suit is a follow-up of
this court’s earlier decision in Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd v Ong Han Nam [2020]
SGHC 91 (“the first judgment”) and the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ong Han
Nam v Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 1248 (“the Appeal judgment”). The
first judgment followed from an eight days’ trial to determine liability that
took place before this court in July 2019 (“the first trial”). Where
abbreviations are used, they would be those used in the first judgment unless
otherwise stated.

2 In the first trial, this court had inter alia found the defendant, Ong Han
Nam(“Ong”) liable to the plaintiff, Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd (“Borneo”), for
breach of various warranties in a share subscription agreement dated 30
December 2013 (“the SA”), pursuant to which Borneo acquired 77.5% of the share
capital in the Sutera Harbour Group (“SH Group”) of companies for a
consideration of about RM700m. The acquisition was completed on 26 March 2014.

3 Ong appealed against the first judgment. In Civil Appeal No 78 of 2020 (“the
Appeal”), the Court of Appeal partially allowed Ong’s appeal and varied the
first judgment. It held that Ong was only liable for breach of what it termed
the Land Warranty under the SA, namely that Borneo’s subsidiary Sutera Harbour
Golf & Country Club (“SHGCC”) was the sole legal and beneficial owner of
236.18 acres (or 95.58 hectares) of land in Sembulan (“the Sembulan Land”)
including a portion measuring 1.459 acres (“the Subject Land”) when it was
not. Ong had sold the Subject Land to one of his companies Omega Brilliance
Sdn Bhd (“OBSB”) for RM1,000 consideration without the knowledge of Borneo.

4 The Court of Appeal disallowed the injunction that this court had granted
restraining Ong from transferring the land to OBSB and held at [80] that
damages would be an adequate remedy for Ong’s breach of the Land Warranty. The
appellate court then said (at [81]):

In our view, the appropriate amount of damages should be based on the fair
market value of the Subject Land at the time of purchase, with interest. This
would have been the amount that would have been deducted from the acquisition
price if GSH had been properly apprised of the fact that the Subject Land was
not part of the deal. The award of damages should also have regard to any tax
liability incurred by SHGCC on account of the S&P, and any tax penalties that
SHGCC would be required to pay due to the S&P. Based on the figure so arrived
at, Ong should only pay to Borneo Ventures 77.5% of the same, as under the SA,
Borneo Ventures only acquired 77.5% of the shares of SH Group and the
remaining still belong to Ong.

5 This court was tasked with assessing damages due to Borneo based on the
above extract from the CA judgment.

The assessment

6 There were four witnesses for the assessment. The witnesses who testified
for Borneo were Gilbert Ee (“Gilbert”), who had given evidence at the trial on
liability, and Borneo’s expert Wong Chaw Kok (“Wong”), a chartered surveyor
and registered valuer. On Ong’s part, he was a witness together with his
expert Ms Yen Sie Fui (“Ms Yen”), who like Wong is also a registered valuer.

(i) Borneo’s case

7 To recapitulate, Gilbert is the group Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of GSH
Corporation Ltd (“GSH”), the ultimate holding company of Borneo. In his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Gilbert deposed 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

At paras 30 - 33 of his AEIC

that had Borneo been apprised by Ong that the Subject Land was not part of
Borneo’s acquisition under the SA, GSH/Borneo would have insisted on a
reduction of the consideration payable under the SA. GSH/Borneo would have
looked into all matters pertaining to the Subject Land to derive the
appropriate fair market valuation of the Subject Land at the material time.

8 Through such investigations, GSH/Borneo would have known of the letter dated
28 January 2014 (“the 28 January letter”) which Ong had sent to the Land and
Surveys Department Sabah (“LSDS”) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See 1AB300

and realised that in the subdivision of the whole piece of land, the Subject
Land was to be an individual lot without being subject to the restrictions
that it may only be transferred to Sabah Electricity Sdn Bhd (“SESB”) or
surrendered to the Sabah State government. This meant that once the Subject
Land was carved out of and subdivided from the Sembulan Land, the registered
owner of the Subject Land could deal with it privately as an individual lot
without any particular restrictions subject to the conversion of its use.

9 Gilbert understood that the registered owner of the Subject Land could
easily apply for a change of use to convert the use of the Subject Land from
“Industrial (Co-Gen Plant)” (“Co-Gen” is short for co-generation) to that of
“Mixed Use” (namely commercial, tourism, residential, golf, resort,
hospitality) to realize its development potential.

10 Gilbert deposed that there was significant potential for the Subject Land
due to its size and prime location. The Subject Land has its own access to and
from the main road, has a good frontage and is situated in a convenient and
accessible area of Kota Kinabalu (“KK”) just at the fringe of the city centre,
10 minutes away from the airport.

11 He deposed that in 2014, in the immediate vicinity of the Subject Land,
there were completed and/or ongoing developments with commercial, office and
residential use, including:

(a) Gleneagles Hospital;

(b) Riverson, a mixed development comprising of a shopping mall with 247
retail outlets, 152 residential/small office units and larger corporate
offices;

(c) Imago KK Times Square Shopping Mall which had a total floor space of about
1,400,000 sq ft and a net retail area of 800,000 sq ft spanning four levels
with a trade mix of about 300 tenants like a departmental store, a
supermarket, shops selling fashion, accessories and electronic gadgets, a
cinema, an indoor kid’s playground, bookstores, toy stores, karaoke, gaming
arcade as well as a range of dining outlets, cafes and bars;

(d) Imago KK Times Square Loft, a commercial strata property of service
residences comprising of 44 units; and

(e) rows of restaurants and food and beverage outlets just a short walk away
from the Subject Land.

12 Consequently, Borneo obtained from Wong a valuation of the Subject Land
based on the development value of the Subject Land for “Mixed Use”.

13 During cross-examination, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See transcripts on 20 Sep 2021 at p 20

Gilbert accepted that the use of the Subject Land as at 1 October 2014 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Date of the offer letter from Lands & Surveys Department Sabah at AB2550 or
DCB36

was changed from “Tourist Complex” to “Industrial/Co-Gen”. Gilbert explained
he accepted that change of use offered by the LSDS on 1 October 2014 because
the Subject Land was then being used as “Co-Gen” land and the change of use
was aligned to that usage. However, that did not mean that the change of use
in October 2014 was cast in stone and could not be changed subsequently. He
disclosed that when SHGCC was negotiating the SA with Ong, the latter himself
had indicated that a portion of the land occupied by 27 holes of the golf
course could be converted into 18 holes and the balance land occupied by the 9
holes could be redeveloped.

14 Gilbert reminded counsel for Ong (“Mr Lem”) that Borneo bought assets from
Ong, not land. Moreover, GSH is a land developer and is not in the hotel
business. In re-examination, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See transcripts on 20 Sep 2021 at pgs 72-75

Gilbert explained that GSH did negotiate with Ong (as Mr Lem suggested to him)
to acquire Ong’s companies which owned the physical assets on an “as is where
is” basis. The physical assets not only included buildings, plant and
machinery in the Sutera Harbour Resort, but also land. As a developer, GSH
would look at the redevelopment potential of land it acquires and add value to
it to earn a return. Clearly, whatever GSH buys must have development
potential. In the case of the Subject Land, the co-generation plant (“the Co-
Gen Plant”) situated thereon had ceased functioning permanently.

15 In the Malaysian Suit between SHGCC and OBSB/Ong, SGHCC had relied on a
valuation report dated 27 April 2017 by Taylor Hobbs 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See AB1935 -1947

(the “Taylor Hobbs’ valuation”) in which the market value for the Subject Land
as at 1 March 2014 was RM12.7m as a tourist complex and RM8.9m for industrial
use. No valuation was provided for “Mixed Use”. Cross-examined, Gilbert
explained that was because the issue in the Malaysian Suit was Ong’s breach of
fiduciary duties where he sold the Subject Land to himself for RM1,000. The
person who instructed for the Taylor Hobbs valuation to be prepared was not
him but the CFO and the lawyers; he had limited involvement in the Malaysian
Suit. In fact, Gilbert was not a witness in those proceedings.

16 In the AD hearing, Wong was Borneo’s main witness, just as Ms Yen was Ong’s
main witness. Credentials-wise, there is little doubt that Wong is well
qualified to be an expert and his curriculum vitae was impressive. He is
registered with the Board of Valuers, Appraisers, Estate Agents and Property
Managers (“the Valuers’ Board”) and has been conducting valuations since 1982.
He founded Azmi & Co (Sabah) Sdn Bhd (“Azmi & Co”) in 2009 and is its
director/shareholder to-date.

17 Wong’s valuation report of the Subject Land dated 27 July 2021 (“Wong’s
report”) was based on a market value as at 26 March 2014, that being the date
of completion of the SA; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See [2] supra

he arrived at a figure of RM34,954,700 rounded up to RM35m (“Wong’s
valuation”) or RM550 per sq ft (RM35m ÷ 63,554 sq ft).

18 Wong’s report was prepared in accordance with the 2011 4th edition of the
Malaysian Valuation Standards (“2011 MVS”) 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See 2SAB1817-1883

issued by the Valuers’ Board. In accordance with his instructions from Borneo,
he only valued the Subject Land without regard to the building and structures
thereon. He inspected the Subject Land on 23 March 2021 using adjoining
landmarks and features to identify the plot as well as aerial viewing through
drone photography. He did not carry out soil investigations.

19 Wong’s report looked at the areas surrounding the Subject Land and
identified the buildings listed in Gilbert’s AEIC set out at [11] above. Wong
described the land on which the buildings listed in [11] are located as part
of the extended central business district (“CBD”) of KK, which is about 550
acres in area and is almost fully developed save for about 115 acres of which
approximately 95 acres are government related sites. Wong opined that there is
upward pressure on prices for all types of real estate end-products as joint
ventures on government-owned sites take a very long time to develop. He cited
a number of projects that were built on government-owned sites. One reason was
because government-owned sites are on reclaimed land.

20 It is to be noted that when Ong was cross-examined 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See transcripts on 22 September 2021 at p 410-411

on the Subject Land, he did not disagree it was in a prime location, with easy
access by major roads and near the landmark developments listed by Gilbert at
[11] above.

21 As an example of current prices of land, Wong cited a beach front site at
Tanjong Aru about 2.8km by road south-west from the Subject Land which was
sold for RM35m or RM749 per sq ft notwithstanding the nation-wide lockdown due
to the Covid-19 pandemic.

22 Wong stated utilities such as electricity, public water supply and fixed
line communications are available to the whole of Sutera Harbour and can
easily be extended to the Subject Land. Public transport also plies along the
main roads Jalan Coastal and Jalan Coastal Bypass.

23 Wong had obtained from the Kota Kinabalu City Hall (known as “DBKK”, which
is the abbreviation for Dewan Bandahara Kota Kinabalu 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See 2SAB2096

or Kota Kinabalu City Hall in Malay) the draft KK Local Plan 2020 (“the KK
Draft Plan”) 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See 2SAB2097-2204

prepared by the Town and Regional Planning Department. He ascertained
therefrom that in or around 2010, the Subject Land was zoned for “Mixed Use”
(ie, tourism, resort, retail, commercial, residential). The KK Draft Plan was
released for public consultation from 26 September to 16 December 2011.
Although to-date it has not been gazetted. Wong said it has nonetheless been
used as the basis for planning decisions under the interim planning powers
provided under the Sabah Town and Planning Ordinance.

24 Wong opined that conversion of the Subject Land from Industrial to “Mixed
Use” is almost certain since the co-gen station ceased operations in 2014. The
authorities are unlikely to permit industrial use of the Subject Land in the
city centre in order to avoid issues such as noise, smell and traffic. It was
also part of the Sembulan land and Sutera Harbour site that is zoned for
tourist complex use. Even if a piece of land is zoned for a specific purpose
such as industrial, Wong was of the view that rezoning would be reasonably
attainable. He cited examples of properties that had been rezoned from
industrial to mixed/commercial use in KK’s CBD. He added that since a premium
had already been paid for approval of the SH Resort site for commercial use
(under tourism), no additional premium would be levied for the Subject Land.

25 Wong’s report contained five comparable transactions that were used in
arriving at Wong’s valuation (referred to respectively as “Wong’s Comparable
No 1–5”), and these are as follows:

(a) Wong’s Comparable No 1 is a town lease for hotel use in an area dominated
by old shophouses and warehouse and is located in a fringe area of the city
area in a standalone position with poor connectivity to the city area. The
transaction for the vacant land zoned for commercial city centre at
RM9,810,788, or RM225 per sq ft, took place on 11 July 2014;

(b) Wong’s Comparable No 2 is also a town lease and is a piece of vacant land
in an old shophouse precinct where a number of shophouses have been converted
to budget hotels. Its road frontage is a six-lane carriageway in the city
centre. Planning proposal for a hotel was submitted after the transaction and
its zoning is also commercial city centre. It was transacted at RM21,912,000,
or RM550 per sq ft, on 8 July 2014;

(c) Wong’s Comparable No 3 is a town lease located in the city centre’s
Central Business District fronting and across a four-lane road. It is zoned
for commercial city centre with commercial use and was transacted on 20
January 2014 at RM83m, or RM792 per sq ft;

(d) Wong’s Comparable No 4 is a plot of vacant land with a country lease
located at the south end of the city centre and is diagonally across and on
the opposite side of Jalan Coastal from the Subject Land. Jalan Coastal is the
main thoroughfare leading into and out of the city centre, at the south end.
Hence, the plot of land enjoys prime advertising frontage. Its locality is
dominated by shopping malls, offices and hotels which are a short drive away.
However, the remnants of the Sembulan water village which is in a squalid
state is at its rear. It is zoned for commercial city centre and was
transacted on 28 August 2018 at RM10,713,129 or RM420 per sf ft; and

(e) Wong’s Comparable No 5 is an old bungalow with a country lease situated
next to the Kota Kinabalu Golf Club in Tanjong Aru in a tourism belt and is a
stone’s throw away from the Yacht Club and the five-star Shangri-La Resort. It
fronts Jalan Aru.

26 In cross-examination, Wong was questioned on the definition of market value
set out under clause 1.3.1 of the 2011 MVS. The clause states:

Market value is defined for the purpose of these Standards as follows:

Market value is the estimated amount for which a property should be exchange
(sic) on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in
an arm’s-length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had
each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion.

27 Wong was also taken to para E 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AT 2SAB1828

of the 2011 MVS headed “Highest and Best Use” which states:

(a) Highest and best use is defined as the most probable use of a property
which is physically possible, appropriately justified, legally permissible,
financially feasible and which results in the highest value of the property
being valued.

(b) A use that is not legally permissible or physically possible cannot be
considered a highest and best use. A use that is both legally permissible and
physically possible may nevertheless require an explanation by the Valuer
justifying why that use is reasonably probable. Once analysis establishes that
one or more uses are reasonably probable uses, they are tested for financial
feasibility. The use that results in the highest value, in keeping with the
other tests, is the highest and best use.

28 Mr Lem also drew Wong’s attention to the 2019 6th edition of the MVS where
“market value” set out in clause 4.3.2 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See 2SAB1903-1904

states:

The definition of Market Value shall be applied in accordance with the MVS, as
follows:

(a) “The estimated amount” refers to a price expressed in terms of money
payable for the asset in an arm’s length market transaction. Market value is
the most probable price reasonably obtainable in the market on the valuation
date in keeping with the market value definition…

(c) “On the valuation date” requires that the valuation is time specific.

29 The court does not see the relevance of the 2019 6th edition of the MVS to
a valuation done as at 26 March 20214, and said as much to Mr Lem when he
revisited this edition with Wong later in the course of his cross-examination.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

At transcripts on 21 September 2021 at p 165

30 Wong’s attention was also drawn to the 1st edition (October 2019) 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

At DBD27- 56

of the guidance note of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors (of which
Wong is a member) and to para 3.3.2 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

At DBD38

which referred to retrospective and projected valuations. The court also does
not find this document relevant for the determination of the meaning of market
value.

31 Mr Lem took issue with Wong’s report where he stated that the Co-Gen Plant
ceased operation in 2014 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

At pg 22 (P 38 PF HOIS aeic)

and the plant on-site is defunct. This was because in the first judgment, this
court said (at [155]):

However, under cross-examination, [Ong] conceded that OBSB only supplied
electricity to SESB and it was SESB that supplied electricity to SH Resort.
Further, after one year of operation, OBSB ceased supplying electricity in
2015 and the Co-Gen Facility became dormant.

The court agreed with counsel for Borneo (“Ms Teh”) that the above extract of
the first judgment was taken out of context. The plant was dormant or defunct
in 2014 when the owner of the Subject Land was Profound Heritage Sdn Bhd
(PHSB) and before OBSB bought it over and supplied electricity to SESB.

32 Mr Lem drew Wong’s attention to the licence issued by SESB to OBSB dated 15
April 2015 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See AB305-306

to operate the Co-Gen Plant (“the SESB licence”) which was valid for one year.
Mr Lem pointed out that as the said licence was valid for one year, the plant
could not have been defunct as at 26 March 2014 as stated in Wong’s report.
Wong responded 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See transcripts on 21 September 2021 at p 117

that he was not privy to the information on the licensing.

33 Wong was certain that a separate title would be issued for the Subject
Land. He testified that it was a question of costs, and the separate title
would be issued once a letter of offer was given and accepted and a
subdivision done. The application would be processed naturally and the
separate title would be issued in due course.

34 Mr Lem had raised the point during his cross-examination of Wong of the
importance of having a separate title being issued for the Subject Land before
it can be transacted noting that Wong’s four comparable transactions all had
their own titles issued. Wong opined that the lack of a separate title for the
Subject Land was not an important consideration.

35 What is clear from Wong’s testimony is that while the current use of the
Subject Land is for industrial purposes, the KK Draft Plan and the proposed
planning is for “Mixed Use”. Wong maintained his view that conversion would be
permitted for the Subject Land from “Industrial” to “Mixed Use”.

36 It was in cross-examination 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

At transcripts on 21 September 2021 at p 159

that Wong disclosed that his valuation of the Subject Land was on a vacant
land basis without regard to the power plant situated thereon. He acknowledged
that there would be a cost which he had not factored into his valuation,
should the power plant need to be demolished. Questioned by the court, Wong
estimated 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ibid p 160

that such demolition costs would approximate RM200,000–RM300,000.

37 Wong’s Comparable No 5 was dated 25 February 2021 and was said by Mr Lem to
be not in accordance with the MVS standards 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See transcripts o 21 September 2021 at p 192

as it was transacted after 26 March 2014. Wong disagreed – he pointed out that
Comparable No 5 was most appropriate due to its size (73.137 sq ft) and its
location adjoining a golf course with excellent sea views similar to the
Subject Land. Wong made a total adjustment of 37.5% for Comparable No 5.

38 Wong had also carried out a valuation of the Subject Land on the basis it
was industrial land and arrived at figure of RM17.68m. He did a similar
comparative analysis of the Subject Land with four other plots of industrial
land 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See table at PSB209.

all of which had titles issued but were located in various districts different
from that of the Subject Land. Mr Lem noted that Wong’s Comparable No 3 was
zoned 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See PSB252

for general industry and not commercial “Mixed Use”. Wong explained 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See transcripts on 21 September 2021 at p 214-215

that was due to the fact that its title was issued for industrial use like the
Subject Land but it was zoned for commercial “Mixed Use”. If an adjustment was
made to Wong’s Comparable No 3, and its zoning changed to commercial “Mixed
Use”, then its value should be adjusted downwards. Apparently general use
purpose commands a higher premium than commercial “Mixed Use” and the latter
commands a slight premium over tourism use 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See Wong’s re-examination on 21 September 2021 at p 243

as “Mixed Use” has more flexibility.

39 In re-examination, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See transcripts on 21 September 2021 at p 234

Wong explained that conversion of title is subservient to zoning. Only after a
landowner has the right zoning and has its development plan approved will he
apply for conversion. A buyer of land however will not have a development plan
ready or in mind when he buys a piece of land – that comes later after his
purchase.

40 Mr Lem also questioned Wong on the transaction dates of four comparables
which transacted after 26 March 2014 (namely Wong’s Comparable No 1, 2, 4 and
5). In re-examination, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

At transcripts on 21 September 2021 at p 252

Wong explained that the 2011 MVS provided no guidance on choosing comparables.
He thus selected Comparable No 5 (dated 25 February 2021) as the most
appropriate comparable because of the factors he listed out in his analysis 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See [36] supra

which were akin to the Subject Land.

41 As for the fact that the comparables dated after 26 March 2014, Wong
explained 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ibid at p 253-254 of the transcripts

that he chose Comparable No 4 dated 28 August 2018 because the land in
question is located a stone’s throw away from the Subject Land and hence
provided good guidance to him.

42 In his report 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

At p 25 which is p 42 of his AEIC

in relation to Comparable No 5, which was transacted on 25 February 2021, Wong
had stated

[Comparable No 5] was transacted during Covid 19 pandemic suggesting that
market interest is strong for scarce property despite bearish conditions.

During re-examination, he said the price would have been much higher during a
more buoyant or bullish period.

43 As for locality, Mr Lem had also questioned Wong why he had added 50% in
value to the four comparables transacted after 26 March 2014 instead of
reducing their values. Wong explained that the Subject Land was not located
near the comparables which were near or in, industrial areas. In fact, the
Subject Land is located at a prominent junction and has dual frontages being
accessible by a road called Jalan Coastal Link as well as a six-lane
carriageway that leads to the city centre.

44 It was during re-examination that Wong explained 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ibid p 263-264

there were a scarcity of sites that had main road frontages like the Subject
Land. Accessibility for industrial use land is important because industrial
sites would usually have the presence of large 20ft or 40ft containers and
easy accessibility is convenient. Hence, Wong added a premium for the
locations of the four comparables transacted after 26 March 2014.

45 Mr Lem criticised these four comparables on the basis that because Wong had
to make such large adjustments ranging from 46% (Comparable No 3) to 125%
(Comparable No 4), they should not even be used as comparables. Wong
disagreed.

46 During re-examination, Wong disclosed 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ibid p 256

that the KK property market peaked between 2013-2014 but turned cautious from
mid or the latter half of 2014. The cautious trend continued into 2016 and up
to 2018.

(ii) Ong’s case

47 Ong’s AEIC in large part repeated the evidence he presented for the first
trial on liability. In his AEIC, Ong went into great detail 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

At paras 27 to 42

on the subdivision exercise to carve out the Subject Land from the Sembulan
Land. He referred to the correspondence exchanged between SGHCC and LSDS
between the period August 1999 and October 2014. Ong also placed emphasis on
the valuation reports 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

CH Williams, Talhar & Wong’s report dated 24 April 2013 and Azmi & Co’s report
dated 2 September 2014.

that SGHCC had either been given during the period leading up to the signing
of the SA or had itself commissioned, in particular that from Azmi & Co dated
2 September 2014 (“Azmi’s 2014 report”) that was carried out by Wong.

48 For this judgment, it is not necessary to repeat Ong’s earlier testimony.
Instead, the court turns to review the evidence that was adduced from Ong in
the course of his cross-examination.

49 Questioned by Ms Teh, Ong confirmed he had instructed Ms Yen to value the
Subject Land on the basis it was for “Industrial Use (Co-Gen Plant)”. His
justification for doing so was the letter dated 1 October 2014, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See [13] and AB2550

where the LSDS agreed to convert the Subject Land from the existing tourism
complex to “Industrial (Co-Gen Plant)”. However, as Ms Teh rightly pointed,
that change of use was offered after 26 March 2014 and the said letter did not
exist on the completion date.

50 It bears remembering that PHSB went into liquidation on 11 January 2012 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See [11] of the first judgment

and its liquidators gave notice to SESB that it would cease providing power
supply by 30 September 2013. However, Ong refused to accept that the Co-Gen
Plant was dormant as of 30 September 2013 – he insisted it was ‘on standby’.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See transcripts on 22 September 2021 at p 292

H added that to-date, he had seven staff maintaining the plant 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ibid p 378

. He did agree with Ms Teh that after 30 September 2013, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Ibid p 293

all the customers of PHSB including the SH Resort, were transferred to SESB.
Further, all the assets of PHSB were taken over by OBSB from 1 October 2013.
As of October 2013, no agreement had been reached between SESB and OBSB for
the latter to resume supplying electricity. It was only later that OBSB
reached agreement with SESB to supply electricity for one year commencing from
15 April 2014.

51 However, the agreement turned out to be an unprofitable venture, so OBSB
decided not to and did not, renew the contract with SESB upon its expiry. Ong
confirmed that thereafter OBSB ceased the business of electricity generation.
Yet, he would not agree that the plant became defunct – he maintained it was
still on standby to-date with seven staff.

52 Questioned by the court 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ibid p 300

whether in the six years since 2015, OBSB had actually supplied electricity to
SESB, Ong answered no. Indeed, in answer to Ms Teh, Ong disclosed that since
October 2013, SH Resort had obtained its electricity supply from SESB. In
further cross-examination by Ms Teh, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ibid p 377

Ong finally admitted that after the agreement between OBSB and SESB ended in
April 2015 and up to the AD hearing, the Co-Gen Plant did not resume
operations. Yet, Ong instructed Ms Yen to value the Subject Land on the basis
it was a co-gen plant and for industrial use.

53 It was also adduced from Ong that by February 2015, he had decided to
relocate the power plant on the Subject Land outside Malaysia, as can be seen
from the minutes of a board meeting of SH Resort held on 2 February 2015 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

At 2AB688-689

where he announced his intention in the presence of board members which
included Sam Goi Seng Hui and Gilbert.

54 It is a known fact that by October 2013, Ong had commenced negotiations
with GSH/Borneo on the proposed SA. He admitted that by then he knew the
Subject Land could be put to better use than to operate a co-gen plant 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ibid p 305

although he had not firmed up any change of plans yet.

55 It was in evidence from the first trial 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See the first judgment at [204]

that Ong’s letter dated 28 January 2014 (“the 28 January letter”) to the LSDS
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

At AB2501-2502

on behalf of SHGCC was only sent to the department on 12 February 2014 as
shown by the endorsement of receipt on the letter. The winding-up petition
filed against SH Holdings 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See the first judgment at [135]

on 29 January 2013 had been adjourned to 12 February 2014. After considerable
prevarication and repeated questioning by Ms Teh, Ong finally admitted 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See transcripts on 22 September 2021 at p 344

that he waited until after GSH had paid the RM70m deposit (“the deposit”)
under the SA to MTB to stave off the winding-up proceedings before he arranged
for the 28 January letter to be delivered to LSDS. However, he disagreed with
Ms Teh that his letter to LSDS would have been pointless if the deposit was
not made as there would then have been no acquisition by GSH.

56 It should also be noted at this juncture that the contents of the 28
January letter were patently untrue as Ms Teh put to Ong 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ibid p 356-357

. Ong had stated therein:

Apart from the electricity sub-stations, Sutera Harbour Resort also contains a
Co-Generation Facility in the way of an independent power plant (“the Co-Gen
Plant”) to supply electricity to the Resort and some parts of Kota Kinabalu
vide a Licence granted to Profound Heritage Sdn Bhd by the Energy Commission
under the Electricity Supply Act 1990...

PHSB had already been wound up on 11 January 2012 (see [50]). Yet, Ong
insisted he did not mislead LSDS, maintaining it was a fact that PHSB had a
licence to operate the plant as of 28 January 2014 notwithstanding that the
company no longer existed.

57 The 28 January letter pointed out to the SESB that the authority had failed
in its letter of offer dated 27 July 2007 to address the sub-division for the
site of the of the Co-Gen Plant as an individual lot. Nothing was said about
the removal of the restriction of the transfer of the Subject Land to SESB.
Yet, in SESB’s letter dated 1 October 2014, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See AB2550

the transfer restriction to SESB was removed. Despite Ong’s repeated denials,
the court accepts as valid Ms Teh’s surmise that either Ong or his lawyers
must, in the interval between 28 January and 1 October 2014, have spoken to
the addressee of the 28 January letter to ask for the restriction to be
removed and it was. Removal of the restriction on transfer of the Subject Land
only to SESB was crucial as it meant that the plot could be transferred to any
party for good consideration or, it could be redeveloped by the owner for any
commercial “Mixed Use” purpose, subject to change of use.

58 Ong had admitted 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ibid p 348

that if LSDS had removed the restrictions on transfer from the title of the
Subject Land, the plot could be sold to any third party and such third party
would pay a reasonable market price for it. However, he disagreed that if
GSH/Borneo had known of the removal of transfer restrictions and the exclusion
of the Subject Land from the acquisition deal, it would not have agreed to the
SA or, it would have insisted on deducting from the deal the value of the
Subject Land based on its potential use as prime development land 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ibid p 349

.

59 Despite the fact that the first trial before this court took place less
than two years ago, Ong’s answers during cross-examination were frequently
peppered with “I don’t know”, “I’m not sure” and “I can’t remember” and often
times his answers contradicted the testimony he gave during the first trial.
An example would be his admission on 26 July 2019 where he testified 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See extracts from the transcript at SAB803

that OBSB would definitely get the approval when Ms Teh said the transfer of
the Subject Land to OBSB could not take place with the transfer restriction.
Yet, when the same question was asked of him by Ms Teh on 22 September 2021 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See transcripts on 22 September 2022 at p 351 lines 12-15

on whether he would have obtained approval for the transfer of title based on
the 28 January letter at [51], Ong replied “I really don’t know”.

60 When the court questioned him 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See trancripts on 22 September 2021 at p 353

whether he was telling the truth on 26 July 2019 or on 22 September 2021 since
his answers were inconsistent, Ong sought to explain away his July 2019
response by claiming that he meant the approval came with a lot of conditions
which he was unsure about. Questioned further by the court, he added that his
July 2019 answer was hence qualified. He then changed his testimony from “I
really don’t know” to “We would get the approval but I don’t know what
condition they are going to put on”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Ibid p 354 lines 1-2

61 Ong’s professed lack of recollection included not remembering he had
instructed an architectural firm subsequent to the OSBS’s purchase of the
Subject Land to prepare development plans for a block of serviced residences
and hotel on the Subject Land 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Ibid p 380

. He denied giving such instructions. He further denied he was responsible for
SHGCC’s application for change of the Subject Land to “Mixed Use” before OBSB
bought the plot, since GSH did not make the application. He also claimed he
was not aware of the current change of use of the Subject Land to “Mixed Use”
or of the KK Draft Plan. The court has no doubt Ong feigned ignorance of the
same.

62 It is undisputed from Wong’s evidence and admitted by Ong 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Ibid p 398

that he instructed Wong to exclude the Subject Land from Azmi’s 2014 report in
[47]. That being the case, the Azmi valuation report has no relevance to the
Subject Land more so when Ong agreed (after being pressed by the court 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ibid p 405

) that the valuation was of the club’s entire assets excluding its
memberships. The same comment is equally applicable to a subsequent report by
Azmi dated 8 January 2016 (“Azmi’s 2016 report”).

63 The court cannot understand Ong’s justification for his surreptitious
conduct vis a vis selling the Subject Land to OBSB for a nominal RM1,000 on
the basis that he/PHSB invested RM155m in the Co-Gen Plant. His testimony
during re-examination 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Ibid p 426

that it was “prudent” for that reason for PHSB to own the Subject Land is
inconsistent with his conduct of selling the plot to OBSB for a song. For the
same illogical reason, Ong claimed it was not necessary for change of use to
be effected for the Subject Land. His further testimony that the Subject Land
“is very strategic for power plant” rings hollow against his own admission
that the plant is no longer in operation since April 2015, regardless of
whether it is on standby (indefinitely) according to him or dormant/defunct
according to Borneo.

64 The undisputed evidence before the court shows clearly that the Co-Gen
Plant on the Subject Land is no longer in use and will not be revived in the
future to generate electricity because that purpose is now academic since SESB
generates enough electricity for the whole of KK including the SH Resort.

65 The court moves next to consider the evidence of Ms Yen, Ong’s expert. Her
valuation could not be more different from Wong’s. She valued the Subject Land
at RM3.4m (“Ms Yen’s valuation”) as at 26 March 2014 as well as at 30 December
2013, a far cry from Wong’s figure of RM35m. The date 30 December 2013 was the
date of the SA. Ms Yen’s valuation was roundly criticised by Borneo in its
closing submissions. The court will return to those criticisms in the later
part of this judgment.

66 Ms Yen is from VPC Alliance (Sabah) Sdn Bhd (“Alliance”) and according to
her letter dated 20 July 2021 addressed to Ong (which was attached to her
AEIC), her brief from him was “to exclude the Co-Gen Plant and other
improvements on the site and to assess the subject property as vacant land”.
Like Wong, Ms Yen’s valuation was based on the 2011 MVS. Ms Yen inspected the
Subject Land on 21 June 2021 for purposes of her valuation exercise. During
her site inspection 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See p 7 para 6.0 of Ms Yen’s valuation

, Ms Yen noted that “the subject property is utilised as an industrial site
for a power station known as Co-Generation Plant (Co-Gen Plant). The Co-Gen
plant was constructed in 1997 solely for the purpose of supplying power supply
to the SH Resort. The Co-Generation Plant has since ceased operation”.

67 Like Wong, My Yen’s valuation looked at the size and location of the
Subject Land, its approach/accessibility, the surrounding developments as well
as town planning provisions. She used the comparison method approach by
considering three transactions as guidelines. Two of the three transactions
were zoned for general industrial use and the third, although described by Ms
Yen as being zoned for industrial use, was actually zoned for agricultural
use. Ms Yen considered the three comparables to be appropriate as they had
similar land use to the Subject Land which was intended for industrial use 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See p 14 para 16,03 of Ms Yen’s valuation.

.

68 Under Salient Facts in Ms Yen’s valuation, she stated the following:

Permitted use of the main title: Tourist Complex

Zoning of the main title: Hotel & Resort under Kota Kinabalu Local Plan 2020
(South Region) [draft]

Intended Use of the Subject Property: Co-Gen Plant (Industrial Use).

69 Amongst the documents that Ms Yen’s valuation relied upon were:

(a) LSDS’s letter of offer to SHGCC dated 29 October 2004; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See 1AB1975-1976

(b) LSDS’s letter of offer to SHGCC dated 27 July 2007; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See 1AB1983

(c) SHGCC’s letter to LSDS dated 12 January 2005; 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See 1AB1979

(d) the licence granted to PHSB by the SESB for 10 years (commencing 1 October
2006 and expiring on 30 September 2016) to operate and maintain the power
station and to supply electricity to the SH Resort;

(e) SHGCC’s letter dated 28 January 2014 to LSDS 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See [55]-[56] supra and 1AB2501-2502

requesting amendment of the letter of offer in (a) for the Subject Land’s
zoning to be changed from SESB reserve to industrial land;

(f) LSDS’s letter dated 1 October 2014 to SHGCC 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See 1AB2550

amending the terms of its letter of offer dated 27 July 2007 in (b) above; and

(g) the licence granted to OBSB by SESB dated 15 April 2014 to operate and
maintain the power station and to supply electricity to SH Resort for one year
from the date of issuance of the licence.

70 Ms Yen had applied to court for leave which was granted on 16 August 2021,
to file and admit into evidence her supplementary AEIC that was subsequently
filed on 23 August 2021 (“Ms Yen’s supplementary AEIC”). In Ms Yen’s
supplementary AEIC, she exhibited the titles to her three comparable
transactions set out earlier at [67].

71 Ms Yen’s report was the subject of vigorous cross-examination by Ms Teh. As
alluded to earlier at [65], Ms Yen’s report was heavily criticised by Borneo
in its closing submissions. It would be appropriate at this juncture for the
court to turn to the evidence that was adduced from Ms Yen in the course of
her cross-examination that prompted Borneo’s criticisms.

72 Under para 2 of Ms Yen’s valuation, she had said:

The property under assessment is a parcel of land intended for industrial use
presently constructed with a power plant (Co-Gen plant) and other
improvements.

73 Ms Teh took issue with Ms Yen’s reliance in her Terms of Reference (“TOR”)
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

At item 7 of the TOR

on the licence granted to PHSB in [69(d)] when Ms Yen herself confirmed that
as at the date of her valuation, she knew that PHSB was no longer generating
electricity from the Co-Gen Plant. Questioned by Ms Teh as well as the court,
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 485-486

Ms Yen agreed that she should have stated in her TOR that PHSB no longer
operated the plant.

74 Another issue raised during her cross-examination was Ms Yen’s reference 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

At item 8 of her TOR

to SHGCC’s letter in [69(e)] stating it requested amendment of the latter’s
letter of offer dated 29 October 2004 from SESB reserve to industrial land.
Pressed by Ms Teh and the court, Ms Yen admitted there was no such request
stated in the letter. What SHGCC wanted was stated in the following extracts
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See 1AB2501

from paras 3 to 5 of the letter:

…..The Co-Gen Plant has a different ownership and operating model as compared
to the electricity sub-stations sited within the Resort. It is to be privately
owned and independently operated, and not intended to be treated in the same
manner as the sub-stations.

We have recently discovered that the Letter of Offer does not address the
terms of sub-division for the site of the Co-Gen Plant as an individual lot...

In view of the foregoing, we should be grateful if you could kindly look into
the discrepancy and make the necessary amendment to the Letter of Offer.

The court finds it unprofessional and misleading on her part for Ms Yen to
give an incorrect interpretation of the above letter.

75 At item 9 of the TOR, Ms Yen had said the Letter of Offer from LSDS dated 1
October 2014 at [69(f)] amended its previous accepted Letter of Offer dated 27
July 2007. The Letter of Offer dated 27 July 2007 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

At 1AB1983

was for subdivision/conversion of the Subject Land (part of the Sembulan Land)
at a premium of RM4,000 for erection and use as an electricity substation. The
Letter of Offer dated 1 October 2014 from LSDS requested payment from SGHCC of
an annual rent of RM31,800 for the use of the land as Industrial Co-Gen Plant.
Since the usage of the Subject Land remained unchanged, there was no amendment
of change of use. What did change was that the restriction on transfer and
sublease of the title only to SESB was removed from the 1 October 2014 letter.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 500

76 Eventually. Ms Yen agreed that the only change between the two letters was
the decrease in annual rent from RM117,500 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See 1AB1986

in the July letter to RM31,800 in the October letter. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See transcripts 23 September 2021 p 498

She admitted that the removal of the restriction on transfer to SESB was a
very relevant factor but, when questioned by the court, she was unable to
explain why that she omitted that important factor from the TOR. However, she
disagreed with Ms Teh’s suggestion that she omitted that fact so as to justify
her low valuation of the Subject Land.

77 Ms Yen testified she had conducted a search in DBKK in March 2021 and
ascertained therefrom (verbally from the staff) that the Subject Land was
zoned for infrastructure and utilities use. However, when she returned to DBKK
in July 2021 and obtained a plan, she was told that the Subject Land was zoned
for “Mixed Use”.

78 Cross-examined why she did not submit to court her search results, Ms Yen
explained for her first visit to DBKK, she was given the information scribbled
on a piece of paper. On the second occasion, she requested for a plan but was
not provided with one.

79 What made Ms Yen’s testimony in regard to her alleged difficulties in
obtaining a copy of KK Draft Plan less than credible was Ms Teh’s disclosure
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See transcripts at p 564

that Borneo and/or its solicitors could and did, download the KK Draft Plan
from the website of DBKK without difficulty. Ms Teh even provided Ms Yen with
the link.

80 Ms Yen’s two visits to DBKK were not mentioned in her valuation report. She
denied Ms Teh’s suggestion that she failed to disclose the fact that the DBKK
had zoned the Subject Land as “Mixed Use” to justify her valuation of the same
as for industrial use.

81 Ms Yen was referred to the KK Draft Plan 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See [23] supra

that Wong had obtained from DBKK in September 2011. The printed copy dated 30
March 2012 was endorsed with a stamp of City Hall 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See PSB149

. She agreed that she could also have obtained the same printed plan and that
it showed the Subject Land was zoned for “Mixed Use”. However, she denied she
had deliberately withheld the document from the court because it would go
against her valuation that the Subject Land was for industrial use 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 536

. The plan that Ms Yen obtained did not have any stamp/endorsement by DBKK
affixed thereon. Repeated attempts by Ms Teh and the court to obtain an
explanation from her for the difference were futile as what Ms Yen said made
no sense 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Ibid pg 538-539

.

82 After she was shown that the version of the KK Draft Plan she herself
obtained from DBKK 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

At PSB147-148

showed the Subject Land had been re-zoned for “Mixed Use”, Ms Yen agreed 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See transcripts at p 546.

. Further, when Ms Teh pointed out to Ms Yen that the Subject Land’s zoning
was different from that of the Sembulan Land which was for hotel and resort,
Ms Yen agreed. Despite such concession however, Ms Yen denied that it was
incorrect for her to state in her valuation report that the intended use of
the Subject Land was “Industrial Use (Co-Gen Plant)”. She also would not agree
that the owner of the Subject Land can submit a development plan for the
Subject Land on the basis of “Mixed Use” and there would be a high chance it
would be approved by the LSDS. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Ibid p 550

83 However, Ms Yen conceded that if the owner of the Subject Land is willing
to pay a higher premium to the LSDS, it would not be difficult to have the
Subject Land converted from industrial use to “Mixed Use” 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Ibid p 551

. Despite this concession however, Ms Yen disagreed such conversion would be
reasonably attainable in December 2013 or March 2014. She opined that LSDS may
not approve the conversion because at that time, the licence to supply
electricity from the Co-Gen Plant was still valid until 2015.

84 Ms Yen’s answer conveniently overlooked the fact that the licence in favour
of OBSB was an unprofitable venture for OBSB who hardly used the licence as,
since October 2013, SH Resort had obtained its electricity supply from SESB.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See [48] supra

Who else would OBSB supply electricity to? By 30 December 2013 and more so by
26 March 2014, the Co-Gen Plant was at least dormant if nor defunct. Yet Ms
Yen failed to take this material factor into account raising serious questions
on the accuracy of her valuation and report.

85 Ms Yen did concede that if the Subject Land is zoned for “Mixed Use”, it
would be worth substantially more than her valuation of RM3.4m.

86 The court now turns to the three comparable transactions used in Ms Yen’s
valuation report (referred to as Ms Yen’s Comparables No 1–3). Based on those
transactions, Ms Yen arrived at a valuation for the Subject Land at RM54 per
sq ft.

87 Ms Yen’s Comparables No 1 and 3) were located in the north region of Kota
Kinabalu in Inanam while her Comparable No 2 is in the Kolombong area. All are
in remote areas whereas the Subject Land is at the fringe of the city centre.
When the court told Ms Yen she was not comparing like with like, she
disagreed. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 570

Cross-examined why she did not select comparables that were nearer to the city
centre, Ms Yen said there were none. It should be noted that Ms Yen withdrew
her Comparable No 3 during cross-examination on the ground it was
inappropriate, that being agricultural land 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Ibid at p 576

.

88 When Ms Yen was taken to task for using her Comparable No 1, as its land
title has no specific use stated and it would thereby by default under the
Sabah Land Ordinance be used for agricultural purposes, Ms Yen agreed. She had
arrived at a price per sq ft for her Comparable No 1 of RM73 based on the
transacted price of RM11,885,422 and land area of 162,814 sq ft.

89 During cross-examination, it was revealed that a conversion premium had to
be paid to convert the land in Ms Yen’s Comparable No 1 to general industrial
land. Based on a conversion formula 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Shown at 2SAB2208

of 10% x 70% of vacant industrial land value, Ms Teh came to a figure of
RM831,979 as the premium payable which Ms Yen failed to take into account in
her valuation.

90 Ms Yen was further informed that the owner of her Comparable No 1 (Harmony
Broadway Sdn Bhd) had purchased the land with an approved development plan.
Indeed, she herself had requested leave from court to correct her
classification of the land from “vacant land” to “development land”. Common
sense dictates that land slated for development would be more valuable than
vacant land (to which Ms Yen agreed) 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 591

.

91 Ms Teh also pointed out to Ms Yen that her Comparable No 1:

(a) has a proposed local distributor road running through its centre and there
would be two road reserves one of which would occupy 13,345 sq ft;

(b) has a drainage reserve which would take up 4,279 sq ft;

(c) is required by law to keep 10% of the development land vacant for open
space; and

(d) is required to keep another 10% of the development land vacant for a
detention pond for flood mitigation purposes.

The acreage calculations in (a) and (b) were done by Wong. Taking all the non-
usable factors in (a) to (d) into account (which Ms Yen did not), Ms Teh put
it to Ms Yen that the area available for actual development in her Comparable
No 1 would only approximate 55% of the 162,814 sq ft stated in its land title.
That being the case, the price transacted would be RM133 per sq ft instead of
Ms Yen’s figure of RM73 per sf ft, amounting to a gross undervalue of RM60 per
sq ft. Surprisingly, Ms Yen disagreed with Ms Teh. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See transcripts on 23 September at p 604

92 Moreover, Ms Yen’s Comparable No 1 comprises of hilly or undulating
terrain, according to Borneo’s search result using Google Maps. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See photograph at PSB296

Ms Yen, who visited the site, claimed she saw flat land. If the terrain is not
flat land, costs would have to be incurred to carry out hill cutting to level
the land. It was also located 200m away from a cemetery based on a search done
by Google Maps. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See PSB182A

Yet, Ms Yen would not agree that these two negative factors meant she should
not use her Comparable No 1 as a benchmark to value the Subject Land. She
confirmed she did not take into account the two negative factors in the value
of her Comparable No 1 and make the necessary adjustments.

93 The court moves next to consider Ms Yen’s Comparable No 2 in Ms Yen’s
valuation report. She used that transaction as it was zoned for general
industrial use. However, that was an error as under the KK Draft Plan; 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See PSB188

that plot of land was zoned for government use. It was also not located in the
north region as she had stated in her valuation report but near a cemetery and
funeral parlour 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See map at PSB185A

both of which were omitted from her report. She did not make adjustments for
those two negative factors nor for the fact that the land in question had no
direct access to a nearby main road called Jalan Lintas. Indeed, not only did
Ms Yen not make a downward adjustment to her valuation due to the three
negative factors in [91], in her table at para 15.0 of her valuation report,
she added 10% to her valuation as a plus factor. This is wholly erroneous.

94 Under the special terms of the lease 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Ibid p 19

for Ms Yen’s Comparable No 2, the purpose was restricted to industry, whilst
subleasing was prohibited and the owner had covenanted to complete
construction of a building thereon before January 2007. As the covenant was
not fulfilled (as at 28 March 2013), the land registry title 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Ibid pg 19

showed that the government imposed on the land an additional premium and
increased the annual rent payable. In return for the additional premium and
increased annual rent, the covenant to build was first extended to 2019 and
then further extended to 2022. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Ibid p 22

Ms Yen failed to take these factors into account in her analysis of her
Comparable No 2.

95 During her further cross-examination, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See transcripts on 24 September 2021 at p 656-657

Ms Yen was informed that the vacant land in her Comparable No 2 had still not
been developed since it was transacted on 28 March 2013. She was told (to
which she disagreed) that it was because the owner could not get his
development plan approved as the permitted use of the land under the current
zoning is for government use.

96 I turn next to Ms Yen’s testimony on her Comparable No 3. Questioned on why
she used her Comparable No 3 which Special Term decreed it can only to be used
agricultural land, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See p 25 of Ms Yen’s supplementary AEIC

Ms Yen’s excuse was that in 2009, there was an industrial building situated
thereon, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See transcripts on 24 September 2021 at p 633

namely a bus terminal.

97 As a premium is payable to convert agricultural land to industrial purpose
land based on the formula 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

See SAB2207

of 10% x 70% (referred to earlier at [89]) and based on the transacted price
of RM2.5m, a premium of RM175,000 would have been imposed by the relevant
authorities. Ms Yen did not take this into account in her use of her
Comparable No. 3. It did not assist Ms Yen that she made another mistake: Ms
Yen’s Comparable No 3 is in fact zoned for commercial group centre according
to Borneo’s search 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

At PSB193

(which Ms Yen conceded) and not for industrial use. She further made an
unjustified downward adjustment by 10% in her table 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

At p 26 of her valuation report

for the Subject Land for the reason its title was not yet issued. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

See transcripts on 24 September 2021 at p 637

98 In relation to the lease for Ms Yen’s Comparable No. 3, in Ms Yen’s
supplementary AEIC 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

At p 24

it was shown that the lease for 99 years commenced on 17 September 1970, which
meant that the lease would expire in 2069. As at March 2014, the lease had a
balance tenure of 55 years. In her table, Ms Yen failed to take that into
account and stated that the land had a 99 years’ lease while at the same time
understating the lease of the Subject Land by 6 years for which she gave a 10%
discount.

99 Despite being aware that the Subject Land was zoned for “Mixed Use”, Ms Yen
failed to take that factor into account in her choice of using for comparison
transactions that involved industrial use land. She said it was because she
relied on the letter to SHGCC from LSDS dated 1 October 2014 at [69(f)] above.
Both counsel and the court pointed out to Ms Yen (who disagreed) that LSDS is
in charge of change of use, not zoning. There was no rational basis for her to
rely on a letter which did not deal with zoning but reduced the quantum of
annual rent in its original offer letter dated 27 July 2007 listed at [69(b)].

100 Borneo had taken, via Google Street View, a photograph of the road leading
to the entrance to Ms Yen’s Comparable No 3 in October 2014 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See PSB192.

. It showed a ticketing booth at the entrance and on the court’s inquiry, Ms
Teh confirmed it was the side extension of a bus station/terminal. That meant
access was restricted and would be a negative factor in its value which again,
was not taken into account in Ms Yen’s valuation. However, she conceded that
her Comparable No 3 was not a reliable comparison as it had been acquired by
and surrendered to the government in August 2011 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 646 and PSB200

for the extension and construction of a bus terminal.

101 It was noted that the gazette notifications for the acquisition 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

At PSB203

were dated 3 and 10 September 2009. Ms Yen’s Comparable No 3 was transacted on
30 March 2009 and sold to Inai Rampai Sdn Bhd. Ms Yen disagreed with Ms Teh’s
suggestion that it was likely the said purchaser would have known of the
impending acquisition at the time of its purchase and not paid a full but
discounted price for the land. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 648

Apparently, she did not take the acquisition factor into consideration.

102 During cross-examination, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Ibid p 649

Ms Yen explained she wanted her Comparable No 3 to be deleted not because of
its impending acquisition but because it was zoned as agricultural land. Ms
Teh pointed out her Comparable No 2 was also wrongly zoned as industrial land
when it should be for government use and yet Ms Yen did not ask for its
deletion. Ms Yen sought to explain that, in relation to the fact that the
title for her Comparable No 2 was industrial use even though it was zoned for
government use, she had wanted to change the title but the court disallowed
her request (because she was prompted to do so after having sight of the PSB
111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at pg 576

).

103 Ms Yen was shown graphs 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

At PSB180

from the Malaysian National Property Information Centre Annual Property Report
2014, which showed a 50% increase in prices for industrial properties from
2009 to 2014. She had only made a 21% adjustment for the same time lapse in
her Comparable No 3 which Ms Teh described as “grossly inadequate”; 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 653

Ms Yen disagreed.

104 Contrary to her denial, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See transcripts on 24 September 2021 at p 661-662

the court accepts as valid Borneo’s surmise that Ms Yen deliberately failed to
take into factors that would have allowed for a greater upward adjustment on a
per sq ft basis of her three comparables because she wanted a good outcome for
Ong. Had she done so, her values would have been significantly higher for land
for industrial use. In addition, her comparables were not the correct ones to
be used because the Subject Land is not zoned for industrial use under the KK
Draft Plan but for “Mixed Use”.

105 On the other hand, Wong’s comparables for industrial use land (termed
“Wong’s industrial Comparables No 1 to 3”) were far more appropriate, if
indeed the Subject Land was to be compared to industrial use land. The
locations of Wong’s industrial Comparables were shown in maps and photographs
in PSB 210, 212, 222 to 256. Wong’s industrial Comparables were comparing with
like with like in terms of zoning, accessibility (being close to dual
carriageway in the case of Wong’s industrial Comparable No 1). Yet Ms Yen did
not use any of them in her valuation report.

106 Cross-examination of Ms Yen on Wong’s industrial Comparables No 1 to 3 did
not improve Ms Yen’s credibility with the court. Her repeated reaction was to
disagree with Ms Teh even when the latter’s questions called for other answers
and/or explanations.

The submissions

(i) Borneo’s submissions

107 Borneo was critical of Ong’s testimony 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Ibid paras 11-18, 48- 61.

as it was of Ms Yen’s. The court considers Borneo’s criticisms as justified in
the light of the court’s own dim view of his evidence (see [137]).

108 As alluded to earlier at [65], Borneo was highly critical of Ms Yen’s
valuation/testimony. Indeed, Borneo submitted 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See paras 129-204 of Borneo’s closing submissions

that her valuation report should not be relied upon. Some of Borneo’s lengthy
criticisms of her evidence 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Ibid paras 31, 62- 105, 129-204.

mirrored the court’s own observations of Ms Yen’s testimony as set out earlier
at [73] to [106] and need not be repeated.

109 In summary, Borneo submitted 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Ibid at para 129

that Ms Yen’s valuation report cannot be relied upon for the following
reasons:

(a) she failed to take into consideration the nature and characteristics of
the Subject Land;

(b) she took no care to ensure the accuracy of the information in her
valuation report;

(c) she did not use suitable or appropriate comparables and did not make
appropriate adjustments for her comparables;

(d) she deliberately chose not to highlight the deficiencies of her
comparables in her valuation report;

(e) she was not consistent in the manner she treated her comparables; and

(f) she failed to use comparables which are more appropriate.

110 Borneo submitted that the court should instead accept Wong’s evidence and
valuation report. Hence, the Subject Land ought to be valued on the basis of
“Mixed Use” and the same was in all probability zoned as “Mixed Use” as at 26
March 2014 based on Wong’s valuation and circumstantial evidence (citing Chua
Kok Tee David v DBS Bank Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 231). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See Borneo’s closing submissions paras 23-48

111 Borneo urged the court to accept that the fair market value of the Subject
Land should be fixed at Wong’s valuation of RM35m arguing that Ong’s attempts
via his counsel to find flaws in Wong’s valuation had no merit. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Ibid paras 106 -107.

Borneo submitted that Wong’s valuation was well supported by logic and
evidence.

112 In regard to Ms Yen’s shortcomings listed at [109] above, Borneo made
copious reference in its submissions to the transcripts 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Ibid paras 132 - 204

to buttress their criticisms of her testimony.

113 Borneo further submitted 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Ibid paras 108 -117

that there was no bar to using as comparables transactions that took place
after 26 March 2014. The 2011 MVS applicable to this case did not contain any
prescribed standards as to the transaction dates of comparables that can be
used by a valuer in his valuation, according to Wong’s testimony. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

At transcripts on 21 September 2021 at p 251-252

Wong was mindful that the 2011 MVS applied but where he could find no guidance
therefrom, he would look at other guidance (which in this case was in the 6th
edition).

114 Borneo submitted it was irrelevant that no separate title was issued for
the Subject Land 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See Borneo’s closing submissions at paras 118 – 120

pointing out that Ms Yen’s valuation did not take that factor into account.
The same submission was made for the fact that there was no development plan
for “Mixed Use”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Ibid paras 121 -125

115 Even if “Industrial Use” is determined to be the correct basis for valuing
the Subject Land, Borneo submitted that Ms Yen’s valuation cannot be relied
upon 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Ibid paras 129 -204.

due to the factors listed at [109] above.

116 Borneo also argued that the previous valuation reports of the Sembulan
Land that Ong referred to should not be relied upon either. Borneo pointed out
that none of the following four valuation reports were commissioned for the
purpose of ascertaining the fair market value of the Subject Land as at 26
March 2014:

(a) The valuation report of SHGCC dated 24 April 2013 of CH Williams Talhar &
Wong (“CH William’s valuation”);

(b) Azmi’s 2014 report;

(c) Azmi’s 2016 report; and

(d) the Taylor Hobbs’ valuation dated 27 April 2017. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See [15] supra

As such, these reports should be disregarded.

117 Earlier at [62], the court had already expressed the view that Azmi’s two
reports are irrelevant. Hence, the court accepts Borneo’s submission in [116
(b) and (c)].

118 As regards CH William’s valuation, Borneo 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

At paras 207-209

pointed out that it specifically excluded the Subject Land and was
commissioned to value the Sembulan Land. As for Taylor Hobbs’ valuation, it
was prepared for the purpose of and adduced in, the Malaysian proceedings to
determine whether the dispute fell within the monetary limits of the Malaysian
High Court.

(ii) Ong’s submissions

119 Ong argued that GSH/Borneo negotiated and purchased the assets of SH on an
“as is where is” basis which meant that the highest and best use of the
Subject Land under the MVS 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

See [27] supra

as at 26 March 2014 was that of “industrial co-gen plant”, its legally
permissible use at the material time. Ong alleged that Borneo’s request to
assess damages based on the development potential of the Subject Land as
“Mixed Use” was an afterthought which was contradicted by the objective facts.

120 Wong’s testimony was alleged to be biased and not independent. It was said
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See paras 310 of Ong’s closing submissions

that Wong’s valuation report was unreliable, unfair and partial to the
interests of GSH. Wong was accused of biasness because he conducts valuations
(which he listed in his curriculum vitae) for GSH and/or its related companies
on a yearly basis for five developments (including three hotels).

121 Wong’s valuation was criticised as being based on “Mixed Use” of the
Subject Land when it was zoned for industrial use. He did so on the
instructions of Borneo. Wong’s valuation was also said to be premised on
numerous unfounded assumptions. It was said that Borneo had no proof that the
Subject Land was zoned as “Mixed Use” as of 26 March 2014. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Ibid at paras 189 - 203

It was a leap of logic on Borneo’s part to rely on the KK Draft Plan. The 2011
version of the KK Draft Plan indicated that the Subject Land was zoned (in
blue) under public utilities, for drainage, water bodies etc, but it was not
zoned for “Mixed Use”. There was no evidence that SHGCC or Ong had applied to
the KK City Hall for a change in zoning of the Subject Land to “Mixed Use” at
the material time.

122 It was submitted 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Ibid at Section B para 258

that Wong’s industrial Comparables valuing the Subject Land on Industrial Use
basis were unsuitable and inapplicable due to the following (non-exhaustive)
factors:

(a) Wong’s Comparables had their own individual titles;

(b) the transactions should not be considered as they took place after 26
March 2014;

(c) Wong’s Comparable No 4 is located in the Penumpang district whereas the
Subject Land is located in the KK district;

(d) Wong’s Comparable No 3 was wrongly zoned as “General Industry” when it
should be “Commercial Mixed Use” and Wong had conceded he needed to make a
downward adjustment in value;

(e) Wong erred in giving a 50% uplift to his comparables – he should have made
a downward adjustment. This was due to the position taken by Wong that the
Subject Land was not suitable for use as “Industrial (Co-Gen Plant)” given its
location near the city centre. That being the case, the Subject Land would be
in an inferior position compared to Wong’s comparables;

123 Additionally, Wong was said to be mistaken in his assumption that the Co-
Gen Plant was defunct 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See Ong’s closing submissions at paras 320 - 325

as well as in his baseless assumption that development plan approval for
“Mixed Use” for the Subject Land would be readily forthcoming. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Ibid para 326.

124 Ong submitted that the lack of a separate title would have been a
significant factor that would have reduced the fair market value of the
Subject Land. Wong was also criticised for failing to take into account that a
conversion premium was payable to change the zoning of the Subject Land to
“Mixed Use” if it was assumed to be zoned tourism due to being part of the
Sembulan Land’s title. Wong had also overlooked demolition costs for the Co-
Gen Plant sitting on the Subject Land.

125 Ong left no stone unturned in his closing submissions. He urged the court
not to admit Borneo’s documents found in the Plaintiff’s Supplemental Bundle
of Documents (“PSB”) as their authenticity had not been proven. Since they
were not part of the agreed documents, Borneo must satisfy ss 66 and 67 of the
Evidence Act 1893 (“the EA”) before those documents can be considered as part
of the evidence before the court (citing Jet Holdings Ltd and Others v Cooper
Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2005] 4 SLR(R) 417). As the PSB documents were
not formally proven, Ong urged the court to exclude them pursuant to the
inherent powers of the court under O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322 r
5) (“the Rules”) and s 47(4) of the EA.

126 By the same token, Ong submitted the court should exclude Wong’s rebuttal
report that formed part of the PSB 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

At PSB209

as no leave was sought or granted for Borneo to file or adduce additional
expert report to rebut Ms Yen’s report, and Ong would be wholly prejudiced if
the same was allowed into evidence.

127 In short, Ong submitted that Wong’s valuation report should be rejected in
its entirety. On the other hand, Ong urged the court to accept Ms Yen’s
valuation report and testimony for the following (non-exhaustive) reasons:

(a) she had only factored relevant considerations in her valuation; 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

See Ong’s closing submissions at Section B at para 204 onwards

and

(b) Ms Yen’s comparables were appropriate and suitable to derive the fair
market value of the Subject Land. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Ibid at Section C para 245 onwards

Nothing was said in Ong’s submissions on the shortcomings in Ms Yen’s
valuation including those in the three comparables she used, or how her
credibility was undermined in the course of her cross-examination. These
factors were addressed at length in Borneo’s closing submissions and also
noted by the court earlier at [73] to [104] above.

128 Ong concluded his closing submissions with a request to the court to
accept Ms Yen’s valuation and that damages be assessed at 77.5% (that being
Borneo’s interest) of RM3.4m or RM2,635,000.

129 Both parties filed Reply submissions to counter/rebut the other side’s
closing submissions.

130 Borneo pointed out in its Reply submissions 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

At paras 228-242

in response to Ong’s objections at [125] to [126], that the documents
pertaining to Ms Yen’s comparables were to give her advance notice of what she
could expect to be asked in cross-examination. It is an undisputed fact that
Ms Yen withdrew her Comparable No 3 after she had had sight of the documents
in PSB.

131 Boneo pointed out that some documents such as PSB 268-295 originated from
Ong’s documents in the defendant’s bundle of documents. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DBD 27-56

They were Wong’s version of Ong’s slides.

132 In any case, as Borneo pointed out in its Reply submissions, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See para 225-226

Mr Lem had indicated 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

See transcripts on 20 September at pg 4-5

on the first day of trial that the documents in the PSB were largely agreed
save for Wong’s rebuttal report. For that reason, the court marked the entire
bundle for convenience as Borneo’s/the plaintiff’s documents instead of as an
agreed bundle as the documents were partly agreed and partly not agreed.
Moreover, Ong did not specifically challenge the authenticity of the documents
in the PSB during the trial.

133 Borneo added 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

At para 226 p 92 of Boneo’s Reply submissions

that Ong himself had tendered to court on the first day of trial his own
supplementary bundle of documents. Hence, what is sauce for the goose is sauce
for the gander.

134 In its Reply submissions, Borneo argued that Wong’s rebuttal report (to
which Ong did object at the start of trial) was not an expert report. Rather,
the documents were prepared for the purpose of cross-examination – hence no
leave was required. Wong’s Comparables were used to cross-examine Ms Yen to
demonstrate how unreliable and biased her valuation was.

135 Borneo submitted 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Para 224 of Borneo’s Reply submissions

that Ong’s challenge to the authenticity of the documents in the PSB is
belated and should not be entertained by this court.

The issues

136 The only issues the court needs to determine are:

(a) What is the correct date to assess the damages due to Borneo?

(b) What is the fair market value of the Subject Land as at the date of
assessment?

The findings

(i) The factual witnesses

137 Between Gilbert and Ong, the court preferred the testimony of the former.
As at the first trial, Ong’s evidence was riddled with untruths and
contradictions. He was again an unreliable witness at the AD hearing as can be
seen from the court’s earlier observations at [52] to [61]. Consequently, the
court disregards his evidence as being wholly unreliable.

(ii) The experts’ testimony

138 The court turns next to the testimony of the parties’ experts. Before
doing so, it would be helpful to look at the provisions in the Rules of Court
pertaining to expert witnesses.

139 Order 40A r 2 of the Rules of Court Cap 322 R 5 (“the Rules”) states:

Expert’s duty to the Court

(1) It is the duty of an expert to assist the Court on the matters within his
expertise.

(2) This duty overrides any obligation to the person from whom he has received
instructions or by whom he is paid.

140 Wong came across as an experienced and professional valuer who adhered to
the requirements of O 40A r 2 of the Rules. This can be seen from the fact
that the credibility of his valuation report was not undermined and his
testimony was not shaken in the course of cross-examination. Unlike Ms Yen, he
did not have to make any concessions or material corrections to his valuation
when questioned by Mr Lem. In this regard, the court rejects as unjustified,
Ong’s criticisms of Wong’s testimony and valuation set out at [120] to [124]
above or that he was biased merely because his firm Azmi & Co had carried out
valuations for SHGCC and or its associated companies which Wong disclosed in
his curriculum vitae attached to his valuation 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See p 9 of Wong’s AEIC

. As this court said in Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific
Management Pte Ltd and Another [2007] SGHC 50 at [206] (citing Macro v
Thompson No 3 [1997] 2 BCLC 36), it is actual partiality, rather than the
appearance of partiality, that is the crucial test in deciding whether the
evidence of an expert should be discounted.

141 It is the court’s finding that the five comparables that Wong used were
fair and he had given logical explanations as to why he used them.

142 On the other hand, and contrary to her repeated denials when the
suggestion was put to her, the court has no doubt whatsoever that Ms Yen
compromised her independence as a valuer and put the interests of her client
Ong first when she prepared her valuation. She was beholden to him so much so
that she paid lip service to O 40A r 2 of the Rules and failed to act
independently and impartially. She was totally biased in favour of Ong in her
AEIC, in her valuation report and in her oral testimony.

143 Ms Yen came across as unprofessional and her evidence was sometimes
incomprehensible, if not incoherent. She even miscalculated the unexpired term
of the lease of the Subject Land (71 years as of 26 March 2014 when it should
be 77¾ years) and that for her comparable no 3. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

See [96] supra

Despite that error, Ms Yen had the temerity to insist that it did not affect
her valuation 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 511

which answer the court rejects as untrue – her answer is inconsistent with her
arbitrary discount of 10% on the value of the Subject Land at [98] because she
mistakenly thought the tenure of its lease was 71 years instead of 77¾ years.
She cannot blow hot and cold when it suits her purpose to do so.

144 Under the KK Draft Plan, zoning for “Mixed Use” 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

See PSB143-146

gave the owner/developer of such zoned land a wide discretion to develop the
land for myriad purposes/uses including building flats and condominiums, all
types of commercial buildings such as supermarkets, cinemas, banks, clinics,
restaurants, barbers, pharmacies (including museums) and hotels/resorts. None
of these factors were taken into account by Ms Yen in her valuation exercise
and report. While her answer during cross-examination 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

See transcripts on 23 September 2021 at p 558

was that she did not spell out such potential usage in her valuation report,
the court entertains no doubt that she never took those factors into
consideration. She was bent on complying with Ong’s instructions and valuing
the Subject Land as “Co-Gen” or industrial land. Although she was unable to
justify her valuation, Ms Yen adopted what the court described as a pugnacious
attitude. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Ibid at p 498

145 At table 14.0 in her valuation, instead of making an upward adjustment for
its prime location, Ms Yen discounted the Subject Land by 10% even though it
has dual access by Jalan Coastal and a six-lane carriageway and is situated at
a prominent junction.

146 Despite Ms Yen’s disagreement with Wong’s views, the court accepts his
opinion and believes it is highly unlikely that the Sabah authorities would
agree to allow the owner of the Subject Land to develop it for industrial use
when it has such a prime location and frontage, with good and easy access and
is situated on the fringe of the city centre as at 26 March 2014, when it is
currently zoned for “Mixed Use”.

147 It bears noting that the Taylor Hobbs’ valuation that Ong relied on 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

See [15] supra and AB19350-1947

had stated the market value of the Subject Land as at 1 March 2014 was RM12.7m
as a tourist complex and it was RM9.8m for industrial use. Yet Ms Yen’s
valuation 25 days later of the Subject Land showed a drastic drop of RM6.4m!
That cannot be right. Nowhere, either at the first trial or at the AD hearing,
did the court hear from Ong or his counsel that Taylor Hobbs’ valuation should
be ignored; indeed, they relied on it in the cross-examination of Gilbert as
noted at [15] above.

148 Ms Yen’s three comparables were not a useful or fair comparison for the
Subject Land. They were either zoned as agricultural or industrial land and/or
had restrictive covenants on their titles whereas the Subject Land was zoned
for “Mixed Use” and no longer had any restrictions on transfer of its title.

149 Despite being discredited in the course of cross-examination as set out
earlier at [84] to [99], Ms Yen did not have the professionalism to admit she
was not comparing like with like in her choice of the three comparables. She
was either wrong and/or had no basis for many of the assumptions/adjustments
she made in her tables at paras 14.0 and 15.0 of her report. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

See [93] supra

It bears noting that her arbitrary discount (twice) of 10% for the Subject
Land for lack of a separate title and its 71 years’ lease (which was in any
case wrong) are not factors to be considered in the 2011 MVS.

150 Sometimes, the court had the distinct impression that Ms Yen disagreed
with Borneo’s counsel only because she was unable to explain what was stated
in her valuation report. In the light of the court’s own assessment of Ms
Yen’s evidence, the court affirms its earlier view at [108] that Borneo’s
criticisms of her testimony are not unjustified. Indeed, in the eyes of the
court, Ms Yen lost all credibility due to her inconsistent and contradictory
and sometimes downright untruthful answers in cross-examination.

151 Even though the Subject Land was initially zoned for industrial use, the
court accepts Wong’s testimony that it is more likely than not that if SGHCC
had owned the Subject Land and had applied to convert it to “Mixed Use”, SLDS
would have granted approval for the reasons Wong gave as set out at earlier at
[23] to [24].

(iii) Other findings

152 It would be appropriate at this juncture to address the objections raised
by Ong at [125] and [126] respectively on the admissibility of the documents
in PSB and on Wong’s rebuttal report.

153 It is noted that documents in the PSB comprised inter alia of colour maps
of the Sembulan Land and Subject Land in the KK Draft Plan as well as Ms Yen’s
comparables and the zoning of the lands. The maps also had legends showing
what the various colours represented in terms of usage including various blue
shades for public utilities, drainage, waterbodies, government and orange for
“Mixed Use”. The court found the maps and colour coding for usage very useful
as at a glance, a reader knows immediately the zoning for a particular plot of
land.

154 The KK Draft Plan was incorporated into the Supplementary Agreed Bundle of
Documents 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

As 2SAB2097-2204

(“SAB”) for the AD hearing. Ms Yen herself had applied for a copy from the KK
City Hall except that the court could not understand why she was unable (as
she claimed) to obtain a copy, as her garbled explanation made no sense. The
blown-up portions and legends in the KK Draft Plan were included in the PSB.

155 It seems to the court that Ong objected to the admission of sections of
the KK Draft Plan in the PSB only at the submissions stage because it suited
his purpose to do so. The court further notes that Ong himself had referred to
the KK Draft Plan in his submissions and also produced blown up extracts
therefrom. Ong stated: 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Para 195 at p 98

There is no dispute as to the authenticity of the 2011 Draft KK Local Plan
exhibited at p 2202 which was produced by the Defendant’s expert Ms Yen. DBD
4, 5 are blown up portions of the said 2011 Draft KK Local Plan.

156 Borneo had included in the PSB the title deeds, searches and related
documents pertaining to Ms Yen’s comparables and which were the subject of Ms
Teh’s cross-examination set out earlier at [87] to [98]. Those documents
should rightly have been included in Ms Yen’s report as part of her valuation
report but were not.

157 Ong’s objections to the title searches and related documents produced by
Wong is akin to objections being taken to the admissibility in court without
formal proof, of title searches and other documents extracted from the
Singapore Land Authority.

158 The court accepts Borneo’s submission in [135] that Ong’s belated
objections to the documents in the PSB are without merit.

159 Even if the court were to exclude the Wong’s industrial Comparables (or
Wong’s rebuttal report as Ong’s closing submissions described Wong’s
analysis), it would not make one iota of difference to the court’s findings
that Wong’s valuation is to be preferred to Ms Yen’s as being more sound and
logical based on his Comparables No 1 to 5.

160 The court notes that Ong’s Reply Submissions merely repeated in large part
what was stated in Ong’s Closing submissions – that Ms Yen had only factored
relevant considerations into her valuation. No attempts were made to repair
the damage done to Ms Yen’s credibility and the doubts cast on her valuation,
from her evidence/admissions given during cross-examination.

The decision

(i) What is the date the damages due to Borneo should be assessed?

161 The court holds that the damages due to Borneo should be assessed as at
the completion date of the SA namely 26 March 2014. No other date would be
more appropriate. This is impliedly accepted by Ong as he had instructed Ms
Yen to carry out a valuation as at 26 March 2014. The date was also not
disputed in Ong’s Closing or Reply submissions.

(ii) What is the fair market value of the Subject Land as at 26 March 2014?

162 There is little doubt that the Subject Land should be valued for “Mixed
Use” as at 26 March 2014 since on that day, its zoning for “Industrial Use
(Co-Gen Plant)” was academic. The Co-Gen Plant on that date was either defunct
(as the court said at [155] in the first judgment 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

See [31] supra

) or even using Ong’s word, it was on “standby”. This was a permanent state of
affairs as to-date; it has not resumed operations.

163 Borneo had submitted that the Subject Land was likely zoned for “Mixed
Use” whereas Ong had argued 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

At Section B at p 12 of Ong’s Reply submissions

that it was in all probability zoned as “public utilities” or “infrastructures
and utility use” as of 26 March 2014 or 16 December 2011 and not zoned “Mixed
Use”.

164 At this juncture, the court turns to consider Ong’s argument in his
closing submissions that GSH/Borneo bought the assets of SH Group on an “as is
where is” basis. Ong argued that such a purchase meant that the Subject Land
would have been acquired as a co-gen plant as that was then its use at the
material time.

165 With respect, Ong’s argument conflates two issues namely what GSH/Borneo
acquired under the SA transaction and what they intended to do with their
acquisition. As Gilbert had clarified, 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See transcripts on 20 September 2021 at pg 24

the “as is where is” condition applied to the physical assets and the land
that GSH/Borneo purchased. Any land that the group bought has potential which
comes from change of use. The SA was an investment and the investment included
redevelopment potential. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

See Gilbert’s re-examination at transcripts on 20 September 2021 at p 72

Gilbert had explained that GSH is a land developer and it had never purchased
a hotel prior to the SA; it was also not in the hotel business. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Ibid p 38

Buying assets and land on a “as is where is” basis did not mean that the
situation remained static. GSH bought the Sembulan Land and SH Resort with a
view to redevelopment (which has since taken place, according to Gilbert’s
testimony 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

See [15] supra and transcripts on 20 September 2021 at p 23

). He pointed out that his company “don’t [sic] buy a business to break even;
we don’t buy a business at valuation; we buy a business so that we can add
value and that we can get a return from it. Clearly, anything that we buy must
have a development potential”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

See transcripts on 20 September 2021 at p 24

166 Gilbert disclosed that Ong himself when negotiating the SA had indicated
to GSH that some part of the golf course could be redeveloped. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Ibid p 23

He was able to produce the slides that Ong used when Ong made the presentation
to that effect. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

See 2SAB2209-2218.

167 Gilbert revealed 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Ibid at pg 47-49

that the plot of land referred to in the first judgment 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

At [145] – [146]

as plot A with an area of about 12 acres had been developed with 400 plus
units and SHGCC was looking to develop plot B as well. Gilbert further
disclosed that SGHCC acquired an island called Mantanani of about 6 acres with
a 30 years’ lease and 40 villas situated thereon. SGHCC had managed to convert
the native title of the island to country title and changed its zoning from
coconut plantation to tourism. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Ibid p 49

168 Even using Ong’s test as to the highest and best use of the Subject Land,
166

##### Foot Note 166

×

As defined under para E of the 2011 MVS at [27] supra

the court is of the view that it is highly improbable that the KK City Hall
would have allowed the Subject Law to revert to its former use as an
industrial co-gen plant as of 26 March 2014. The court takes into
consideration the factors Wong had raised at [24] above, namely it is highly
unlikely that the authorities would allow the Subject Land to be used for
industrial purposes given its proximity to and fringe location to, the city
centre and the attendant issues of noise, smell and traffic associated with
industrial use.

169 Moreover, Wong’s valuation report 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

At p 26 para (c)

stated:

Continued usage of the site by a potential bidder as a power plant for
electricity supply to the general public is unlikely to be a viable option as
it is not sufficiently large enough and there are cheaper and larger sites
available elsewhere especially at Kota Kinabalu Industrial Park where there
are now three independent power suppliers.

The above comment explains why the Co-Gen Plant has been continuously on
“standby” 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Using Ong’s word

since 2015 when the licence to OBSB expired and was not renewed.

170 Although Wong’s Comparable No 5 was transacted on 25 February 2021 and
criticised in Ong’s submissions for that reason 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

See [37] supra

, the court notes that it was a like for like comparison as it was located in
Tanjong Aru, had an area of 73,087 sq ft and was transacted at RM35m or RM479
per sq ft 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

See p 28 of Wong’s valuation report

. Save for the transaction date, it is an ideal comparison.

171 The court takes judicial notice of the fact that the above February 2021
transaction took place in the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic in Malaysia which
worsened and peaked in mid-2021/the third quarter of 2021. The state election
in Sabah in September 2020 was the catalyst for the spread of Covid-19
infections in the state. The pandemic may have been a factor that affected the
market value of Comparable No 5. Consequently, the court accepts Wong’s
statement set out at [42] that despite the bearish sentiment in 2021, there
was still market interest for scarce property.

172 It is a fact that valuation is not an exact science. Even two valuers
valuing the same piece of property may not arrive at the same or similar
figures. The court in this case can only look at the comparable transactions
that the parties put forward and select what can be considered the closest
comparable to the Subject Land.

173 In light of the court’s earlier adverse findings against Ms Yen’s
testimony and her valuation which was largely if not totally discredited in
cross-examination, the court is of the view that the best comparable would be
Wong’s Comparable No 5.

174 The court therefore accepts that the Subject Land should be valued as
zoned for “Mixed Use” and Wong’s valuation of RM35m. However, taking into
account that the Co-Gen Plant located thereon has to be demolished before
redevelopment, the court accepts that a deduction should be made for
demolition costs for which Wong gave a range of RM200,000–300,000. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

See [36] supra

175 In the event Wong is wrong and a development charge would be payable on
change of use of the Subject Land from “Industrial” to “Mixed Use”,
notwithstanding that such a charge had already been paid previously (according
to Wong for approval of SH Resort to commercial purpose use 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

See [24] supra

), the court looks to the conversion table 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

At SAB2208.

and it would be based on the formula 15% x 50% of vacant commercial land.

176 The court is in no position to determine how the formula is applied nor
what the figure for development charge would be. Erring on the side of
caution, the court will deduct from Wong’s valuation RM300,000 for the
demolition costs of the Co-Gen Plant and a further RM1m for possible
development charge and thereby reduce the net value of the Subject Land to
RM33.7m. As Borneo acquired 77.5% of the SH Group under the SA 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

See [2] supra

, its share of RM33.7m is RM26,117,500.00 (33,700,000.00 x 77.5%).

Conclusion

177 The court therefore awards to Borneo the sum of RM26,117,500.00 as 77.5%
of the value of the Subject Land as of 26 March 2014. It follows therefrom
that Borneo is also entitled to statutory interest at the rate of 5.33% per
annum on the sum from 26 March 2014 until payment. Costs on a standard basis
are also awarded to Borneo to be taxed unless otherwise agreed.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Teh Guek Gor Engelin SC, Yeo Yian Hui Mark and Charmaine Lim (Engelin Teh
Practice LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Andy Lem, Sharmini Sharon Selvaratnam, Poon Pui Yee & Cherrilynn Chia (Harry
Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Jul 2022 (17:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

