Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 167

Suit No 744 of 2018

Between

| 3D Networks Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Voon South Shiong  
---|---  
(2)| Sunway Digital Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract — Illegality and public policy — Restraint of trade]

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Fraudulent]

[Equity — Fiduciary relationships — Duties]

[Employment Law — Employees’ duties]

[Confidence — Breach of confidence]

[Tort — Inducement of breach of contract]

[Tort — Conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
3D Networks Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Voon South Shiong and another

[2022] SGHC 167

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 744 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn SJ  
16–20, 24–27, 30 November, 1–4 December 2020, 7–10, 13–17, 20, 21 September, 3
December 2021

18 July 2022 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn SJ:

Introduction

1 The tale told by the plaintiff in this matter is one familiar to most
companies: a trusted employee resigns and collaborates with a competitor, and
in so doing, sweeps up with him a large swathe of his former employer’s
clients and other employees.

2 The defendants, ie, the formerly trusted employee (the “first defendant”)
and the competitor company he collaborated with (the “second defendant”), tell
a different story.

The parties

3 The plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of supply,
installation and implementation of information technology systems, with
affiliated companies in various countries. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 19 May 2021 (“SOC”) at para 2.

It is a subsidiary of Planet One Pte Ltd (“Planet One”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 34.

4 The first defendant was an employee of the plaintiff. When he left the
plaintiff on 15 April 2018, he held the positions of Country Manager,
Singapore and Head of Global Accounts Management. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Voon’s AEIC at paras 7 and 19.

The first defendant is also the sole shareholder and director of Juice Master
Pte Ltd (“JMPL”), a company incorporated in Singapore on 18 July 2014. JMPL is
in the business of selling fresh fruit juice. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 16 (“16 AB”) 60–61.

5 The second defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore in January 2018.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defence of the 2nd Defendant (Amendment No 2) dated 4 June 2021 (“2D’s
Defence”) at para 10.

Its chief executive officer and sole director is Sng Sheau Huei (“Mr Sng”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Sng’s AEIC at para 1.

Mr Sng describes the second defendant as being in the business of supplying,
customising, installing and implementing digital transformation solutions, by
which he means the integration of digital technology into all areas of a
business. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Sng’s AEIC at para 13.

The second defendant has also branched out into various specific niches, such
as AI software in the healthcare and education industries. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Sng’s AEIC at paras 14 and 15.

Apart from Mr Sng, Mr Samuel Tan, the second defendant’s chief operating
officer, also features prominently in this matter. Prior to his employment
with the second defendant, Mr Samuel Tan was employed by the plaintiff from
2009 to 2013.

Background

The first defendant’s employment with the plaintiff

6 The first defendant joined the plaintiff on 9 April 2007. The terms of his
employment were initially governed by two documents: the letter offering him
employment (the “Employment Letter”) and a non-disclosure agreement (the
“NDA”). In 2011, the first defendant signed a third document known as the
“Conduct Guide”, which set out certain practices and procedures which
employees of the plaintiff were required to follow.

7 In the 11 years that he was with the plaintiff, the first defendant assumed
many positions. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 7.

By the time he left, he was part of the senior management of the plaintiff,
and reported directly to its chief executive officer. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 16.

His role entailed substantial contact with the plaintiff’s clients and
suppliers, with his network of connections having been built up over the
years. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 40; Ambrose’s AEIC at paras 11–12.

Further, the first defendant had considerable input in setting sales targets
for each country manager and for each salesperson in the Global Accounts team.
He was also heavily involved in the hiring, promotion and remuneration of
sales employees, and had the power to approve claims for reimbursement and
applications for leave by sales employees. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Voon’s AEIC at paras 10–12; Ambrose’s AEIC at para 10.

8 During his employment, the first defendant also incorporated a separate
business venture, JMPL, on 18 July 2014, and was its sole director and
shareholder. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Voon’s AEIC at paras 124–125.

JMPL’s primary business was to sell fruit juice under the brand of Beesket
Juice Bar (“Beesket”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 40; Defence of the 1st Defendant (Amendment No 1) dated 14 October
2020 (“1D’s Defence”) at para 76.

There is no indication that the plaintiff objected to the first defendant’s
involvement with JMPL per se.

The setting up of the second defendant

9 Towards the end of 2017, Mr Sng met the first defendant, the two of them
having been acquainted for a number of years already. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Sng’s AEIC at para 20.

Mr Sng shared that he was considering setting up a new entity in the digital
transformation business. As the first defendant demonstrated some interest in
this, Mr Sng asked the first defendant to share his thoughts. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Sng’s AEIC at para 20.

10 As a result of this discussion, the first defendant sent Mr Sng a detailed
business plan in October 2017. The two of them continued to correspond over
the next few months on this matter. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Sng’s AEIC at para 21.

The first defendant’s departure from the plaintiff

11 On 16 March 2018, the first defendant resigned from the plaintiff; his last
day of work was 15 April 2018. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 19.

Shortly before the first defendant’s last day of work, on 13 April 2018, the
plaintiff and JMPL entered into a consulting agreement, whereby JMPL was to
provide the plaintiff with consultancy services from 16 April 2018 to 15 July
2018. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Voon’s AEIC at p 39.

It is not disputed that the main purpose of this consulting agreement was for
the first defendant to provide advice and assistance to the plaintiff as an
external consultant. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 7; Voon’s AEIC at para 21.

12 Shortly after the first defendant’s last day of work, on 17 April 2018,
JMPL also entered into an agreement with the second defendant. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 29.

Under this agreement, JMPL was to provide business development services to the
second defendant for a period of 12 months. Once more, notwithstanding the
fact that it was JMPL which was party to an agreement with the second
defendant, it was the first defendant who was providing services to the second
defendant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 30.

The reason for JMPL’s involvement was apparently because the second defendant
could only issue invoices to an entity. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 30; Sng’s AEIC at para 23.

13 Shortly after JMPL’s agreement with the second defendant, the plaintiff
learned that the first defendant was providing services to the second
defendant. Hence, on 19 April 2018, the plaintiff terminated its consulting
agreement with JMPL. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 9.

14 The first defendant’s departure from the plaintiff coincided with a steady
stream of employees leaving the plaintiff to join the second defendant between
March and August 2018. These eight employees were: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at para 114.

(a) Jenny Woo Sok Leng (“Ms Woo”), who held the title of Sales Administrator
when she left the plaintiff;

(b) Tay Chek Kwang (“Mr Tay”), Solution Consultant (Pre-Sales);

(c) Alicia Tan Kar Mun (“Ms Tan”), Account Manager;

(d) Liau Ling Kai (“Mr Liau”), Solution Consultant (Pre-Sales);

(e) Cazaria Carol Lee Song Leng (“Ms Lee”), Service Account Manager;

(f) Kurniawan Chandrajaya (“Mr Kurniawan”), Solution Consultant (Pre-Sales);

(g) Lim Puay Koon (“Mr Lim”), Regional Project Manager; and

(h) Yeo Choon Sheng (“Mr Yeo”), Head of Solution (Pre-Sales).

15 For completeness, a ninth employee, Lerraine Chua (“Ms Chua”), who was an
Account Manager, also left the plaintiff in this same period. She applied to
join the second defendant but did not accept the employment offer in the end.
I shall refer to these nine employees as the “Former Employees”.

The parties’ cases

16 The primary thrust of the plaintiff’s case against the first defendant
concerns the events surrounding the first defendant’s departure. The plaintiff
claims that the first defendant (a) solicited the Former Employees along with
suppliers and customers of the plaintiff and diverted them to the second
defendant; and (b) misappropriated the plaintiff’s confidential and
proprietary information. There is also a secondary edge to the plaintiff’s
case, which has to do with alleged misconduct on the first defendant’s part
throughout his employment with the plaintiff, through his handling of
remuneration and reimbursements as well as the utilisation of the plaintiff’s
resources for the benefit of JMPL.

17 Arising from these events, the plaintiff submits that the first defendant
is liable for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duties, breach of
implied duties of good faith and fidelity, breach of confidence and fraudulent
misrepresentation.

18 In addition, the plaintiff claims that both defendants induced the Former
Employees to breach their employment contracts. Further, both defendants are
said to be liable in both unlawful means conspiracy and lawful means
conspiracy in relation to the events surrounding the first defendant’s
departure from the plaintiff.

19 Regarding the plaintiff’s claims in unlawful means conspiracy and lawful
means conspiracy, the defendants submit that the discussion between the first
defendant and Mr Sng around the end of 2017 did not, in fact, amount to an
agreement. They also argue that the plaintiff has failed to produce sufficient
evidence to prove its claims on the balance of probabilities.

Procedural history

20 The plaintiff commenced the present action against the defendants on 25
July 2018. An injunction was granted on 26 September 2018, prohibiting the
defendants from using or disclosing the plaintiff’s trade secrets and
confidential or proprietary information and from soliciting or inducing the
plaintiff’s employees to terminate their employment with the plaintiff.

21 The trial was bifurcated, and the liability stage of the trial was heard
before me.

Issues to be determined

22 The following issues arise for determination in this matter:

(a) whether the first defendant breached the express contractual obligations
he owed to the plaintiff;

(b) whether the first defendant breached any implied duties of good faith and
fidelity owed to the plaintiff;

(c) whether the first defendant breached any fiduciary duties owed to the
plaintiff;

(d) whether the first defendant is liable for fraudulent misrepresentation;

(e) whether the defendants are liable in breach of confidence;

(f) whether the defendants are liable for inducing the Former Employees to
breach their employment contracts;

(g) whether the defendants are liable in unlawful means conspiracy; and

(h) whether the defendants are liable in lawful means conspiracy.

23 I shall address each of these issues in turn, starting with the plaintiff’s
claim in breach of contract against the first defendant, which encompasses
most of the wrongdoings alleged to have taken place in this case.

Breach of contract

24 It is not disputed that the documents setting out the contractual
obligations between the plaintiff and the first defendant were the Employment
Letter, the NDA and the Conduct Guide. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1D’s Defence at para 23.

25 The relevant contractual obligations said to have been breached by the
first defendant may be summarised as follows:

(a) an obligation, during the period of the first defendant’s employment and
for a period of 12 months thereafter, to not solicit or encourage any employee
of the plaintiff to either terminate their employment with the plaintiff or
accept employment with any future employer of the first defendant (the “Non-
solicitation Obligation”);

(b) an obligation, during the period of the first defendant’s employment and
for a period of 12 months thereafter, to not take away, or solicit, or accept
employment from, or otherwise perform services for any of the plaintiff’s
customers, clients or direct or indirect competitors with whom he may have had
contact with over the last 12 months of his employment, without the prior
written approval of the plaintiff (the “Non-compete Obligation”);

(c) an obligation, during the period of the first defendant’s employment and
thereafter without limit in respect of time, to not use or disclose any
confidential information concerning the plaintiff (the “Confidentiality
Obligation”); and

(d) an obligation to avoid conflicts of interest (the “Non-conflict
Obligation”).

26 The plaintiff also refers to two specific clauses, cll 5 and 7, from the
Conduct Guide, which are said to have been breached by the first defendant: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1 AB 185–186.

5\. Discrimination and Harassment

The diversity of Planet One’s Employees is a tremendous asset. We are firmly
committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will
not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment of any kind. Examples
include derogatory comments based on racial, ethnic or religious
characteristics and unwelcome sexual advances.

…

7\. Record-Keeping

Planet One requires honest and accurate recording and reporting of information
in order to make responsible business decisions.

Some employees may use business expense accounts, which must be documented and
recorded accurately. …

27 It is not disputed that references to “Planet One” in the Conduct Guide are
to be construed as references to the plaintiff.

28 I shall first consider the first defendant’s argument that the Non-
solicitation Obligation and the Non-compete Obligation are unenforceable,
before dealing with whether each alleged instance of misconduct on the first
defendant’s part breaches any of the obligations as set out above.

Enforceability of the Non-solicitation Obligation and the Non-compete
Obligation

29 The Non-solicitation Obligation is set out in the Employment Letter and in
the NDA: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1 AB 134 and 138.

Employment Letter cl 13.1(a)

13.1 During the term of your employment or engagement and for a period of
twelve (12) months thereafter, you will not do any of the acts described in
(a), (b) or (c) below, directly or through others, either yourself or for any
other person or business entity:

(a) You will not solicit or encourage any employee of [the plaintiff] to
either terminate his or her employment with [the plaintiff] or accept
employment with any future employer of yours.

…

NDA cl 8(a)

8\. I agree that, during the term of my employment or engagement and for a
period of twelve (12) months thereafter [“the Period of Restraint”], I will
not do any of the acts described in (a), (b) or (c) below, directly or through
others, either for myself or for any other person or business entity:

(a) I will not solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to either
terminate his or her employment with the Company or accept employment with any
future employer of mine;

…

30 The Non-compete Obligation is similarly encapsulated in the Employment
Letter and the NDA: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1 AB 134 and 138.

Employment Letter cll 13.1(b) and (c)

13.1 During the term of your employment or engagement and for a period of
twelve (12) months thereafter [“Period of Restraint”], you will not do any of
the acts described in (a), (b) or (c) below, directly or through others,
either yourself or for any other person or business entity:

…

(b) You will not without the prior written approval of the Company take away,
or solicit, or accept employment from, or otherwise perform services for any
of the Company’s customers or clients whom you (or any of your employees,
agents or partners) may have had contact within the last twelve (12) months of
your employment or engagement with the Company which would by the nature of
the employment or engagement will be detrimental or may be perceived to be
detrimental to the best interest of the Company by reference to the Company’s
Intellectual Property Rights, credibility, stature profitability or business
or put such Confidential Information and Confidential Materials at risk of
exposure or unauthorized use.

(c) You will not without prior written approval of the Company take away,
solicit or accept employment from, or otherwise performs services for any of
the Company’s direct or indirect competitors which are involved in the same or
similar business of the Company which would by the nature of the employment or
engagement will be detrimental or may be perceived as detrimental to the best
interests of the Company by reference to the Company’s Intellectual Property
Rights, credibility, stature, profitability or business or put such
Confidential Information and Confidential Materials at risk of exposure or
unauthorized use.

NDA cl 8(b) and (c)

8 I agree that, during the term of my employment or engagement and for a
period of twelve (12) months thereafter [“the Period of Restraint”], I will
not do any of the acts described in (a), (b) or (c) below, directly or through
others, either for myself or for any other person or business entity:

…

(b) I will not without the prior written approval of the Company take away, or
solicit, or accept employment from, or otherwise perform services for any of
the Company’s customers or clients whom I (or any of my employees, agents or
partners) may have had contact within the last twelve (12) months of my
employment or engagement with the Company which would by the nature of the
employment or engagement will be detrimental or may be perceived as
detrimental to the best interests of the Company by reference to the Company’s
Intellectual Property Rights, credibility, stature, profitability or business
or put such Confidential Information and Confidential Materials at risk of
exposure or unauthorized use.

(c) I will not without the prior written approval of the Company take away,
solicit or accept employment from, or otherwise perform services for any of
the Company’s direct or indirect competitors which are involved in the same or
similar business of the Company which would by the nature of the employment or
engagement will be detrimental or may be perceived as detrimental to the best
interests of the Company by reference to the Company’s Intellectual Property
Rights, credibility, stature, profitability or business or put such
Confidential Information and Confidential Materials at risk of exposure or
unauthorized use.

31 Both of these obligations are covenants in restraint of trade. It is well-
established that there cannot be a bare and blatant restriction of the freedom
to trade; there must be a legitimate proprietary interest to be protected (Man
Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S) Pte
Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (“Man Financial”) at [79]).
In an employment context, although the two main legitimate proprietary
interests which have been identified are trade secrets and trade connection,
an employer may also have a legitimate proprietary interest in maintaining a
stable, trained workforce (Man Financial at [81] and [121]). However, even
where a legitimate proprietary interest is shown, the court will ensure that
the covenant in restraint of trade goes no further than what is necessary to
protect the interest concerned (Man Financial at [79]). In this respect, the
covenant must be reasonable in reference to the interests of the parties
concerned and reasonable in reference to the interests of the public (Man
Financial at [75]–[76]).

Legitimate proprietary interests

32 I accept that both the Non-solicitation Obligation and the Non-compete
Obligation protect legitimate proprietary interests. As stated in Man
Financial (at [121]), the maintenance of a stable, trained workforce is a
legitimate proprietary interest that the employer is entitled to protect via a
non-solicitation clause. The defendants have not disputed that this applies to
the Non-solicitation Obligation in the present case.

33 As for the Non-compete Obligation, the plaintiff submits that it has a
legitimate interest in protecting its trade connection. In this respect, I
accept that the first defendant had a substantial role in interacting with
clients and suppliers. I do not find this to be displaced by the first
defendant’s protestations that he did not have extensive contact with the
plaintiff’s clients and suppliers on a day-to-day basis. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Voon’s AEIC at paras 16 and 17.

As he admitted in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief and at trial, the first
defendant remained in contact with the upper management of the plaintiff’s
clients and suppliers, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 26 November 2020 at p 103 line 11 to p 105 line 1 and p 116 line 9
to p 119 line 21.

and would step in to seal projects 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 16.

or to entertain the plaintiff’s clients all over the world 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript, 26 November 2020 at p 111 line 8 to p 112 line 2.

. This was supported by various emails exhibited by the plaintiff which
demonstrated that the first defendant took an active role in liaising with and
managing clients between 2016 and 2018. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at pp 94–125.

34 I find the present situation to be similar to that in Tan Kok Yong Steve v
Itochu Singapore Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 85 (“Itochu”). In that case, the
defendant ex-employer brought a counterclaim against the plaintiff ex-employee
for breach of a non-competition undertaking. The court found that the ex-
employee had strong connections with the ex-employer’s customers (at [86]),
and that given his knowledge and influence over them, he could have easily
diverted business from the ex-employer to himself or his new employer (at
[87]). The ex-employer therefore had a legitimate interest in protecting its
trade connections by way of the non-competition undertaking from interference
by the ex-employer post-resignation (at [87]). Although the nature of the
relationship between the ex-employee and the ex-employer’s customers in Itochu
appears to have borne a personal element (see [86] of Itochu) that does not
appear to be present between the first defendant and the plaintiff’s clients
and suppliers, I do not find that to be a relevant distinguishing factor. The
key point is that the first defendant was in a position to divert business
from the plaintiff, and that the plaintiff had a legitimate proprietary
interest in protecting its trade connection from interference by the first
defendant through the Non-compete Obligation.

35 I do not consider to be persuasive the second defendant’s objection 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

2DCS at para 41–42.

that the plaintiff had not pleaded or adduced evidence on the legitimate
proprietary interest sought to be protected by the Non-compete Obligation. The
enforceability of the Non-compete Obligation is a matter of law and does not
have to be pleaded. What matters, for the purposes of enabling the defendants
to know the case being brought against them and to respond, are the underlying
facts relevant to the Non-compete Obligation, ie, the position of the first
defendant vis-à-vis the plaintiff’s clients and suppliers. These facts were
adequately pleaded 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC at paras 3, 5 and 6.

and substantiated 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at paras 10–20.

, and the plaintiff’s case on the legitimate proprietary interest was set out
clearly in its opening statement. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s opening statement at para 39.

There is therefore no failure of pleadings, evidence or arguments undermining
the defendants’ ability to put forth their case on this issue.

Reasonableness

36 I turn now to the reasonableness of the Non-solicitation Obligation and the
Non-compete Obligation. There is no indication in this case that either
obligation would threaten the interests of the public. I therefore focus on
the reasonableness of the obligations in relation to the interests of the
parties.

37 In respect of the Non-solicitation Obligation, the sticking point is the
prohibition on the first defendant from soliciting “any employee”. As noted by
the court in Man Financial (at [110], “it would generally be more difficult to
justify a non-solicitation clause which covers the solicitation of just ‘any’
employee”. Indeed, the court elaborated that:

… [I]f the non-solicitation clause concerned covers employees whose work
entails very minimal (or even no) expertise and does not form an integral part
of the employer’s operations, it would (absent extraordinary circumstances) be
extremely difficult for the employer to justify the reasonableness of that
particular clause. …

38 There is, of course, the caveat that everything, in the final analysis,
depends on the particular factual matrix of the matter (Man Financial at
[110]). The notable questions that may be asked include the categories of
colleagues over whom the employee in question had influence, and the ease with
which the employer might replace departed employees (see Man Financial at
[108]).

39 The plaintiff argues that the first defendant had “a degree” of influence
over and knowledge of all the plaintiff’s employees. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PCS at para 584.

In support of this, the plaintiff’s regional legal counsel, Mr Adrian Anand
Ambrose (“Mr Ambrose”), testified that the plaintiff has a relatively flat
organisational structure, and that the Singapore sales team and the Global
Accounts team reported to the first defendant. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, 17 November 2020, p 54 line 13 to p 56 line 17.

40 I do not think that this suffices to demonstrate that the Non-solicitation
Obligation goes no further than what is necessary to protect the plaintiff’s
interest in having a stable, trained workforce. I note that Mr Ambrose’s
testimony was given in the context of questioning on the sales operations of
the plaintiff and the first defendant’s involvement therein. However, there
are evidently other departments to the plaintiff: for instance, Mr Ambrose’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief draws a distinction between the plaintiff’s
sales team and its engineers. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 61.

It is also noteworthy that the first defendant’s job scope during his
employment with the plaintiff was carefully delineated in respect of sales
employees only. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 10.

The plaintiff has not shown that the first defendant possessed influence over
all non-sales employees to any significant degree. The plaintiff has also not
shown that all of its employees were integral to its operations or difficult
to replace.

41 Therefore, I find that the plaintiff has not shown that the Non-
solicitation Obligation was reasonable as between the parties. It follows that
the Non-solicitation Obligation is not valid or enforceable.

42 Turning to the Non-compete Obligation, I accept the plaintiff’s submission
that the period of restraint of one year is reasonable as an estimate of how
long it would take for the plaintiff to rebuild its trade connection. However,
the prohibition on any employment or engagement which “by the nature of the
employment or engagement will be detrimental or may be perceived to be
detrimental to the best interest of the Company” goes well beyond what is
necessary to protect the plaintiff’s interest in maintaining its trade
connection. I note that the breadth of “best interest of the Company” is
qualified with the words “by reference to the Company’s Intellectual Property
Rights, credibility, stature, profitability or business or put such
Confidential Information and Confidential Materials at risk of exposure or
unauthorized use”. However, “credibility, stature, profitability or business”
are each still extremely broad; each of them ostensibly encompasses matters
which do not relate to the plaintiff’s trade connection. To give just one
example: say the first defendant joins a competitor in a non-sales capacity –
for instance, as an engineer. He does not engage his prior knowledge relating
to the plaintiff’s trade connection. The plaintiff and the competitor then
compete in a tender for a project from a new client. The first defendant works
on the tender in his capacity as an engineer, and the competitor wins the
tender. In so doing, he affects the profitability and business of the
plaintiff – in defiance of the prohibition of the Non-compete Obligation – but
has not interfered with the plaintiff’s trade connection, in the sense of its
existing client base. That the Non-compete Obligation extends beyond such a
scenario to employment which may be perceived as detrimental only emphasises
the point. I therefore find that the Non-compete Obligation was not reasonable
as between the parties, and that it is not valid or enforceable either.

Severance

43 At this juncture, the issue of severance arises: can the Non-solicitation
Obligation and the Non-compete Obligation be severed in such a way as to
preserve some enforceable remnant? The plaintiff appears to have been content
to rest its case on the enforceability of these obligations as they are and
did not make any submissions on severance. Nonetheless, where a restraint of
trade clause is found to be unreasonable, the court should still consider
whether the doctrine of severance could apply so that the reasonable part of
the clause can be upheld (CLAAS Medical Centre Pte Ltd v Ng Boon Ching [2010]
2 SLR 386 at [68]).

44 The prerequisites for severance are (Lek Gwee Noi v Humming Flowers & Gifts
Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 27 (“Humming Flowers”) at [155]):

(a) The unenforceable provision must be capable of being removed without
adding to or modifying the wording of what remains with the remainder
continuing to make grammatical sense.

(b) The remaining contractual terms must continue to be supported by adequate
consideration.

(c) The severance must not change the fundamental character of the contract
between the parties.

45 For the Non-solicitation Obligation, the prohibition on soliciting “any
employee” is not susceptible to the “blue pencil” test in any way. As for the
Non-compete Obligation, the words “or may be perceived to be detrimental” are
an obvious candidate for the “blue pencil” test, leaving the prohibition on
employment “which would by the nature of the employment or engagement will be
detrimental to the best interest of the Company”. However, as I have already
noted at [42] above, this would still go well beyond what is necessary to
protect the plaintiff’s interest in maintaining its trade connection. I should
also note that the “notional severance” approach – whereby the court is
entitled not just to delete the parties’ words but also to alter or even
insert words – has not been accepted into Singapore law (see Smile Inc Dental
Surgeons Pte Ltd v Lui Andrew Stewart [2012] 4 SLR 308 at [32]–[35] and
Humming Flowers at [174]–[186]).

46 I therefore find that the doctrine of severability does not apply to the
Non-solicitation Obligation and the Non-compete Obligation. Thus, while these
obligations protect legitimate proprietary interests, the unreasonableness of
these obligations renders them unenforceable.

The first defendant’s alleged breaches

47 Given my analysis above, only the Confidentiality Obligation, the Non-
conflict Obligation and cll 5 and 7 of the Conduct Guide remain to be
considered. Therefore, I now turn to consider whether various instances of
misconduct alleged against the first defendant have been made out, and whether
these constitute breaches of the remaining contractual clauses.

48 As alluded to above, there are two broad categories of alleged misconduct.
The first category relates to the first defendant’s alleged involvement with
the second defendant, encompassing the first defendant’s assistance in setting
up the second defendant; the first defendant’s solicitation of the plaintiff’s
employees; and the first defendant’s diversion of the plaintiff’s customers.
The second category of alleged misconduct relates to other misdemeanours
during the first defendant’s employment with the plaintiff, ie, the first
defendant’s activities concerning his side business, JMPL/Beesket; and the
first defendant’s manipulation of records and payments relating to himself and
other employees of the plaintiff.

Assistance in setting up the second defendant

49 I begin with the first defendant’s assistance in setting up the second
defendant. The primary instance of alleged wrongdoing in this regard concerns
the first defendant’s preparation and communication of business plans for
setting up the second defendant. On 6 October 2017, the first defendant sent
Mr Sng a document titled “Business Plan Proposal” accompanied by a spreadsheet
setting out various figures and projections relating to the proposed business.
The first defendant followed these up with emails on 17 October 2017, 16
November 2017 and 7 December 2017, elaborating on various aspects of the
business plans.

50 The first defendant does not deny that he prepared and sent the business
plans to Mr Sng. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1DCS at para 34.

His explanation for this is that the drafting of the business plans was purely
an exercise for Mr Sng to gauge the first defendant’s capabilities. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1DCS at para 34.

To this end, he suggested on cross-examination that the business plans were
merely a “story”, or a sort of extended “resume”, where he just “came and
[wrote] whatever [he felt] like”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 26 November 2020 at p 136 lines 6–16.

51 However, it is plain from the documents that were sent to Mr Sng that the
business plans were not simply a thought exercise by which the first defendant
sought to flex his capabilities in the abstract. Two aspects of the business
plans stand out.

52 First, the executive summary of the “Business Plan Proposal” specifically
alluded to “key members” of the Sales and Support team of a company referred
to as “Company A” that was “looking to move on as a team”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1PBAEIC at p 238.

The team’s achievements were listed in exacting detail: for instance, they
“[g]rew the business in Singapore from USD6M to USD60M and Asean business from
USD20+M to USD90+M”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1PBAEIC at p 249.

The spreadsheet also contained a section on salaries of certain employees,
whose names were “confidential” but who were given abbreviations, which was
“based on [a] current compensation structure”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

1PBAEIC at p 230.

Mr Sng subsequently requested the full names of these employees. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 8 September 2021 at p 85 line 20 to p 86 line 9.

The first defendant obliged with an expanded spreadsheet sent on 17 October
2017. The names which were provided were the names of the plaintiff’s
employees.

53 Second, the plans also contained details of the clients envisioned for the
business. While these clients were not explicitly referred to by their names,
and were instead given only abbreviations as well, they were sorted by their
historical sales from the financial years between 2013 to 2017. Copious
projections were also given as to the income which could be derived from these
clients. A forensically recovered version of the plans, with full names
attached to the clients rather than abbreviations, showed that these were the
plaintiff’s clients as well.

54 In other words, this was no mere pie-in-the-sky proposal. The level of
detail and specificity involved in the proposal undermines the plaintiff’s
suggestion that he was simply writing whatever he felt like. If he was merely
spinning a tale from thin air, the details given in the proposal would have
been unnecessary, and indeed counterproductive. Anyone can paint a picture of
a financially viable business plan by conjuring a fictitious successful team
and positive figures. Such a portrait proves only the painter’s imagination
and not his business acumen. The only way the proposal could have been
meaningful in the least is if the details were backed up by reality – that is,
if the plan involved an existing team with a proven client base and
established incomes and expenditures. As the evidence showed, what the plan
disclosed was the plaintiff’s team, with the plaintiff’s client base and the
plaintiff’s incomes and expenditures. Information on all of these items falls
comfortably within the restrictions of the Confidentiality Obligation, which
prohibits the first defendant from revealing “any information concerning the
products, organization, business, finances, transactions or affairs of the
Company”. I find, therefore, that the preparation and communication of the
business plans to Mr Sng was a breach of the first defendant’s Confidentiality
Obligation.

55 Further, the first defendant’s preparation and communication of business
plans that explicitly contemplated the poaching of his colleagues and
subordinates plainly disclosed a conflict of interest. I therefore find that
the first defendant also thereby breached the Non-conflict Obligation, as set
out in cl 10 of the Employment Letter and cll 2 and 3 of the Conduct Guide:

Employment Letter cl 10

10\. CONFLICT OF INTEREST

You shall not, at any time, directly or indirectly during your service with 3D
Networks and/or its related companies, without consent in writing first
obtained from 3D Networks and/or its related companies, engage or interest
yourself – whether for reward, commission, compensation, or gratuity – whether
paid or unpaid, in cash or in kind – in any work or business, or undertake any
such office, which would interfere with the performance of your duties with 3D
Networks and/or its related companies.

Conduct Guide cl 2

2\. Conflicts of Interest

… It shall be a conflict of interest for a Planet One employee to work
simultaneously for a competitor, client or supplier. …

Conduct Guide cl 3

3\. Corporate Opportunities

Employees, officers and directors are prohibited from taking for themselves
personal opportunities that are discovered through the use of corporate
property, information or position without the consent of the Board of
Directors. No employee may use corporate property, information, or position
for improper personal gain, and no employee may compete with Planet One
directly or indirectly. Employees, officers and directors owe a duty to Planet
One to advance its legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises.

56 There are two further breaches alleged to have been committed by the first
defendant in relation to the setting up of the second defendant. The first is
that in January 2018, the second defendant’s chief operating officer, Mr
Samuel Tan, sent emails to the first defendant, as well as Mr Yeo, Mr Liau and
Mr Lim, concerning the second defendant’s logo, name cards and website. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2 AB 269–391 and 3 AB 165.

The first defendant responded to these emails, providing some feedback as to
the colour of the name cards. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

3 AB 164.

The second breach concerns the first defendant’s transmission of various
internal manuals from the plaintiff to Mr Samuel Tan on 26 January 2018. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

3 AB 312–400 and 4 AB 1–67.

57 I find that these actions clearly constituted breaches of the first
defendant’s contractual obligations. The feedback provided by the first
defendant on the name cards was in service of a competitor and was therefore a
breach of the Non-conflict Obligation, though prima facie, it is difficult to
say what damage was sustained by the plaintiff. The transmission of the
plaintiff’s internal manuals, meanwhile, was a clear breach of the
Confidentiality Obligation.

Solicitation of employees

58 The next instance of alleged misconduct involves the first defendant
soliciting, encouraging or otherwise causing the Former Employees to terminate
their employment with the plaintiff and/or to accept employment with the
second defendant. This is said to be a breach of the Non-solicitation
Obligation and the Non-conflict Obligation.

59 I have found above that the Non-solicitation Obligation is unenforceable. I
shall therefore only consider whether the first defendant’s conduct in
relation to the departure of the Former Employees from the plaintiff
constitutes a breach of the Non-conflict Obligation.

60 I find that the plaintiff’s case in this regard has been proven in respect
of two of the Former Employees, Ms Chua and Ms Tan. On 3 April 2018, the first
defendant sent Mr Samuel Tan the personal details of Ms Chua, along with
information on her remuneration at the time. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

5 AB 359.

Shortly after, on 9 April 2018, the first defendant sent Mr Samuel Tan similar
details pertaining to Ms Tan, instructing Mr Samuel Tan to “[p]lease help to
make an offer to her”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

6 AB 3.

Mr Samuel Tan also confirmed during cross-examination that the first defendant
had recommended Ms Chua and Ms Tan to the second defendant. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 10 September 2021, p 76 lines 9–19.

At this juncture, the first defendant, Ms Chua and Ms Tan were still employed
by the plaintiff. Notwithstanding the fact that Ms Chua did not ultimately
join the second defendant, it is plain that in actively assisting the second
defendant’s solicitation of Ms Chua and Ms Tan, the first defendant breached
the Non-conflict Obligation.

61 In respect of the remaining seven Former Employees, the plaintiff invites
me to find that the first defendant had assisted the second defendant in
soliciting them, by primarily making the following arguments:

(a) First, these seven Former Employees were all named within the business
plans which the first defendant provided to Mr Sng.

(b) Second, a number of them – namely, Mr Yeo, Mr Liau, Mr Lim and Ms Lee –
had been providing assistance since January 2018 to the second defendant.

(c) Third, the explanations which the defendants provided for how these Former
Employees came to be hired by the second defendant were not believable:

(i) The advertisements on the Jobstreet.com website which had supposedly led
to the hiring of Ms Lee, Mr Kurniawan, Mr Lim and Mr Yeo had only been put up
to obscure the fact that these individuals had been directly solicited; and

(ii) Mr Samuel Tan had lied when he testified that he could not recall the
supposed middleman who had referred Ms Woo, Mr Liau, Mr Tay and Ms Lee to the
second defendant; in truth, the plaintiff submits, this middleman was the
first defendant.

62 Even if I were to take the plaintiff’s arguments at their highest, it is
important to note that unlike with Ms Chua and Ms Tan, no direct documentary
evidence was furnished by the plaintiff for the involvement of the first
defendant in soliciting these remaining Former Employees. In the absence of
such evidence, only circumstantial observations are left: for instance, that
each of these remaining Former Employees had been named in the first
defendant’s business plans. While, as I have found, the preparation and
communication of those business plans constituted a contractual breach on the
first defendant’s part, I find that the circumstantial observations made by
the plaintiff do not suffice to discharge its burden of proof in demonstrating
that the first defendant played a direct role thereafter in procuring the
departure of these remaining Former Employees for the second defendant. In
other words, I find only that the plaintiff breached his Non-conflict
Obligation through assisting in the second defendant’s solicitation of Ms Chua
and Ms Tan.

63 The plaintiff’s case in breach of contract against the first defendant in
relation to the solicitation of the Former Employees is therefore dealt with.
However, it is convenient to consider, at this juncture, whether the seven
Former Employees, apart from Ms Chua and Ms Tan, had been solicited to join
the second defendant. It is the second defendant’s position that these seven
individuals each approached the second defendant of their own accord. Mr
Samuel Tan’s evidence was that in his previous employment with the plaintiff,
he had made the acquaintance of each of these seven individuals, with the
exception of Ms Lee. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Samuel Tan’s AEIC at para 32, 36, 39, 42; Samuel Tan’s supplementary AEIC at
paras 8 and 10.

Mr Kurniawan, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Samuel Tan’s AEIC at p 25

Mr Lim, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Lim Puay Koon’s AEIC at para 16.

Ms Lee 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Samuel Tan’s AEIC at p 32.

and Mr Yeo 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Yeo Choon Sheng’s AEIC at para 11.

had emailed Mr Samuel Tan, citing the second defendant’s Jobstreet.com
advertisements. Ms Lee had also learned of an opening in the second defendant
through a middleman, as had Ms Woo, Mr Liau and Mr Tay. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript, 14 September 2021, p 119 lines 14–22.

64 I find that it is more likely than not that the second defendant did
solicit the remaining seven Former Employees. These employees were listed in
the business plans which the first defendant prepared. Moreover, a number of
these Former Employees were providing assistance to the second defendant even
before their departure from the first defendant, as I have already discussed.
The majority of these Former Employees also joined the second defendant within
mere days of their last day of employment with the plaintiff. In the
circumstances, it appears likely that there was some form of connection
between the second defendant and these employees prior to their respective
dates of departure from the plaintiff. The question is whether it was the
second defendant who initiated this connection, or whether, as is the second
defendant’s case, it was the Former Employees themselves who approached it.

65 In this regard, I do not find the second defendant’s explanations for how
these seven Former Employees came to learn of openings in the second defendant
to be believable. As I have alluded to, it is the plaintiff’s case that the
Jobstreet.com advertisements were manufactured. I am of the view that this is
likely to be true. Although the recruitment efforts of the second defendant
had begun as early as January 2018, it was not until May 2018 that the
Jobstreet.com advertisements were put online. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript, 13 September 2021, p 19 lines 15–25.

It was the testimony of Mr Samuel Tan that in the interim, the second
defendant had been relying on recruitment agencies. If that had indeed been
the case, why did the second defendant turn to Jobstreet.com? The plaintiff
points out that two days before the second defendant purchased an
advertisement package from Jobstreet.com, the plaintiff’s solicitors had sent
a cease-and-desist letter to the second defendant, citing the defendant’s
efforts to solicit the plaintiff’s employees (though without further details)
and demanding an end to such efforts. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

11 AB 75.

I agree that the proximity of the cease-and-desist letter to the Jobstreet.com
advertisements gives rise to an inference of cause and effect: that is, the
advertisements were put up as a cover story for solicited employees to cite.
It should also be noted that although the summary report provided by
Jobstreet.com showed that around 500 job applicants had responded to the
advertisements taken out by the second defendant, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

2PBICP 110.

according to the second defendant’s own records a mere 12 applicants
(including Ms Lee, Mr Lim, Mr Yeo and Mr Kurniawan) who were interviewed or
had their curriculum vitae reviewed by the second defendant had come to it
through Jobstreet.com. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Exhibit (2)D-6.

66 Similarly, I am not convinced that Ms Lee, Mr Woo, Ms Liau and Mr Tay had
approached the second defendant of their own volition after hearing of job
openings through word of mouth. I find it curious that none of the witnesses
called could recall the identity of this helpful middleman. In particular, one
would have expected Mr Samuel Tan to bear some gratitude to the person who
supposedly introduced four worthy applicants to him, making up a full 20% of
the employees hired by the second defendant in 2018. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Exhibit (2)D-6.

Although I do not agree with the plaintiff that I should infer that this
middleman was the first defendant, I am of the view that the evidence as to
this supposed middleman is utterly unreliable.

67 Taking all of the evidence into account, I find that on a balance of
probabilities, it is likely that the second defendant did solicit these seven
Former Employees.

Diversion of customers and opportunities

68 The plaintiff also alleges that the first defendant provided assistance to
the second defendant with the aim of diverting customers, opportunities and
resources from the plaintiff. Although a litany of such diversions was set out
in the pleadings, by the time of closing submissions, the plaintiff’s case had
sharpened to focus on a select few of its customers. These were: Singapore
Power (“SP”), Professional Testing Services (“PTS”), Leap Networks Pte Ltd
(“Leap Networks”), Acoustic & Lighting System Pte Ltd (“A&L”), CWT Limited
(“CWT”) and AT&T Worldwide Telecommunications Singapore Pte Ltd (“AT&T”).

(1) Singapore Power

69 The plaintiff’s pleaded case against the first defendant in relation to SP
was as follows. From April to May 2018, the first defendant, together with
some of the Former Employees, compiled a list of equipment and services which
the plaintiff had provided to SP, as well as projects undertaken by the
plaintiff for SP. This list, referred to as the “SP Inventory List”, was
disclosed to the second defendant. Through the use of the plaintiff’s
confidential information therein, and through leveraging the knowledge of the
plaintiff’s Former Employees, the first defendant assisted the second
defendant in securing a number of projects from SP, in breach of his Non-
conflict Obligation and Confidentiality Obligation. These projects are
referred to as the “SCADA 227 Project”, the “OEM2 Project”, the “Remote Access
Solution Project”, and the “Cisco ESA and SMA Servers Maintenance Project”.

70 The plaintiff also submitted that by much the same means, the first
defendant assisted the second defendant in obtaining another project from SP
in breach of his Non-conflict Obligation, namely the “SCADA 216 Project”.
However, this claim was not set out in the plaintiff’s pleadings. I therefore
do not allow this claim.

71 Returning to the plaintiff’s pleaded narrative, I note that it suffers from
a number of flaws. First, as the second defendant points out, the plaintiff
did not ultimately adduce any evidence to show that the first defendant had
assisted with the compilation of the SP Inventory List. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

2DCS at para 398.

Indeed, in its written submissions, the “true sequence of events” by which the
plaintiff claimed the SP Inventory List had been compiled and sent to the
second defendant did not feature the first defendant at all. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at para 189.

72 Second, in relation to the SCADA 227 and OEM2 Projects, the plaintiff was
able to show in cross-examination that the first defendant was aware of these
projects. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript, 3 December 2020, p 135 line 22 to p 136 line 4.

The plaintiff was also able to show that the second defendant, in the process
of submitting and winning with its bids for these projects, had solicited from
the first defendant and the plaintiff’s Former Employees the plaintiff’s
pricing strategy. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript, 13 September 2021, p 215 line 20 to p 216 line 25 and p 219 line
13 to p 220 line 24.

73 However, it should be noted that the Non-conflict Obligation is limited
only to an employee’s term of employment. I reproduce the relevant portions of
the Non-conflict Obligation here: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1AB 133 and 184.

Employment Letter cl 10

10\. CONFLICT OF INTEREST

You shall not, at any time, directly or indirectly during your service with 3D
Networks and/or its related companies, without consent in writing first
obtained from 3D Networks and/or its related companies, engage or interest
yourself – whether for reward, commission, compensation, or gratuity – whether
paid or unpaid, in cash or in kind – in any work or business, or undertake any
such office, which would interfere with the performance of your duties with 3D
Networks and/or its related companies.

Conduct Guide cl 2

2\. Conflicts of Interest

… It shall be a conflict of interest for a Planet One employee to work
simultaneously for a competitor, client or supplier. …

Conduct Guide cl 3

3\. Corporate Opportunities

Employees, officers and directors are prohibited from taking for themselves
personal opportunities that are discovered through the use of corporate
property, information or position without the consent of the Board of
Directors. No employee may use corporate property, information, or position
for improper personal gain, and no employee may compete with Planet One
directly or indirectly. Employees, officers and directors owe a duty to Planet
One to advance its legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises.

[emphasis added in italics]

74 It is clear that cl 10 of the Employment Letter and cl 2 of the Conduct
Guide imposed an obligation only insofar as the first defendant was an
employee of the plaintiff. The present tense of cl 3 of the Conduct Guide
suggests the same, particularly when contrasted with the manner in which the
clauses comprising the Non-solicitation Obligation, the Non-compete Obligation
and the Confidentiality Obligation clearly specified the periods of time
following employment for which those obligations were to extend (see [25]
above).

75 The heart of the objection which the plaintiff takes with respect to the
SCADA 227 and the OEM2 projects is the first defendant’s disclosure of the
plaintiff’s pricing strategy. I accept that this information constituted
confidential information and fell within the ambit of the Confidentiality
Obligation. As the Confidentiality Obligation was to extend following the
termination of the first defendant’s employment without limit in respect of
time, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

1AB 134.

his disclosure of the plaintiff’s pricing strategy during his tenure with the
second defendant constituted a breach of the Confidentiality Obligation. The
same cannot be said, however, in respect of the Non-conflict Obligation, since
that obligation had ended by the material time.

76 Third, in relation to the Remote Access Solution Project, the plaintiff’s
case was that prior to an open tender for the project, SP asked it for a
budgetary quote in January 2018. The plaintiff reached out to another
contractor, Pulse Secure, to collaborate in preparing the quote. Inter alia,
the plaintiff shared with Pulse Secure certain requirements provided by SP.
Pulse Secure then provided a quote to the plaintiff in February 2018.

77 Subsequently, however, when Ms Tan, one of the Former Employees, left the
plaintiff to join the second defendant, she informed Mr Samuel Tan of this
opportunity and of the plaintiff’s collaboration with Pulse Secure. The second
defendant therefore approached Pulse Secure, who provided the second defendant
with a quote in April 2018. Simultaneously, Pulse Secure provided the
plaintiff’s Mr Yeo with an updated quote with higher prices than had
previously been provided in February 2018. Mr Yeo, who was later to join the
second defendant as well, did not question Pulse Secure about this increase in
prices, and simply instructed his colleague to prepare the quote to SP using
this updated quote. Both the plaintiff and the second defendant submitted
budgetary quotes to SP; the second defendant would ultimately go on to win the
tender.

78 This is the picture that the plaintiff paints to flesh out its pleaded case
against the first defendant. However, as with its submissions as to the SP
Inventory List, the first defendant is conspicuous only in his absence.
Instead, it appears to be a combination of Ms Tan, Pulse Secure and Mr Yeo
whom the plaintiff identifies as taking the actions which enabled the second
defendant to submit a budgetary quote of its own.

79 Finally, in relation to the Cisco ESA and SMA Servers Maintenance Project,
the plaintiff’s only submission is that the second defendant would have
utilised the SP Inventory List to pursue this project. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS at para 331.

Once again, there is no further elaboration as to how the first defendant was
specifically involved in diverting this opportunity to the second defendant.

80 In other words, apart from the SCADA 227 and OEM2 projects, the plaintiff
has not illustrated how the first defendant had personally played a role in
using its confidential information and diverting its opportunities. After the
second defendant pointed this out in its closing submissions, the plaintiff’s
response was simply to argue that these diversions were but some of the
conspiratorial acts committed in the conspiracy between the defendants to
solicit the plaintiff’s employees and to leverage them to solicit the
plaintiff’s customers.

81 The plaintiff’s allegations against the first defendant in relation to
supposed breaches of contract to do with SP are therefore only that (a) he
solicited the plaintiff’s Former Employees, and (b) he divulged confidential
information concerning the SCADA 227 and OEM2 projects to the second
defendant. I have already dealt with the former allegation, and in the absence
of concrete evidence on the first defendant’s involvement thereafter, I do not
think that the actions of the Former Employees may be imputed to him for the
purposes of the plaintiff’s contractual claim. I therefore find only that the
first defendant has breached the Confidentiality Obligation in relation to the
SCADA 227 and OEM2 projects.

(2) Professional Testing Services

82 The second customer which the plaintiff claims the first defendant assisted
the second defendant in procuring is PTS. In support of this allegation, the
plaintiff points to the second defendant’s possession of two sets of key
documents: the “PTS Inventory List”, which contained information on the
equipment and services supplied by the plaintiff to PTS; and the “PTS
Infrastructure Documents”, which comprised the plaintiff’s documentation on
the infrastructure installed on PTS’ behalf. The plaintiff further notes that
the second defendant admitted to utilising the PTS Inventory List to prepare
its quotes to PTS.

83 Once more, the issue with the plaintiff’s arguments is that it is not clear
how any of the above constitutes a breach of the first defendant’s contractual
obligations. It is not the plaintiff’s case that the first defendant had a
direct hand in connecting the second defendant to PTS, or in conveying the key
documents to the second defendant. Rather, the plaintiff’s case is pitched at
a more general level: that the first defendant had solicited the Former
Employees, who then went on to contact PTS and to disclose the plaintiff’s
confidential information to the second defendant. Similar to its case in
respect of SP, this aspect of the plaintiff’s pleaded claim against the first
defendant for the diversion of customers is in truth a claim for the
solicitation of employees. I have already dealt with the plaintiff’s claim in
this regard. It suffices for me to note that the plaintiff’s claim in breach
of contract concerning events surrounding PTS is not made out against the
first defendant.

(3) Leap Networks Pte Ltd

84 The third customer which the plaintiff claims the first defendant assisted
the second defendant in procuring is Leap Networks. In this regard, the
plaintiff provided clear documentation of the first defendant’s involvement.
Leap Networks sought quotations for Cisco products from the second defendant
in January and February 2018. The second defendant then turned to the first
defendant and Mr Yeo, as it was not, at the time, a registered reseller of
Cisco products, and had no access to the price list of Cisco products. The
first defendant then prepared a set of quotations for the second defendant’s
use.

85 At trial, the first defendant admitted that in doing so, he had been
undertaking services for the second defendant. This was plainly a breach of
the Non-conflict Obligation.

(4) Acoustic and Lighting System Pte Ltd

86 Similarly, it is equally plain that the first defendant had assisted the
second defendant with procuring the business of A&L. On 7 March 2018, A&L
sought a quotation for certain products from the second defendant. This was
forwarded to the first defendant, who responded with the appropriate prices to
be quoted. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

2PBAEIC at p 235.

In so doing, he breached the Non-conflict Obligation.

(5) CWT Limited

87 Turning to CWT, I also accept that the plaintiff has proven on a balance of
probabilities that the first defendant provided assistance to the second
defendant in breach of the Non-conflict Obligation. The first defendant was
kept updated when the second defendant sent CWT a quotation on 21 March 2018.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

2PBAEIC at p 268.

Furthermore, the first defendant was listed in the second defendant’s records
as the account manager for CWT on 9 April 2018, even before he had left the
plaintiff. Each of these circumstances individually suggests the involvement
of the first defendant in the business of the second defendant in breach of
the Non-conflict Obligation; together, they paint a compelling picture.

(6) AT&T Worldwide Telecommunications Services Singapore Pte Ltd

88 I turn to the final key customer that the plaintiff has identified, namely
AT&T. Once again, that the first defendant has breached the Non-Conflict
Obligation is difficult to dispute. The plaintiff exhibited an email chain
between 29 and 30 March 2018 between the first defendant and Mr Samuel Tan,
where the first defendant responded substantively to the latter’s inquiries.
This was plainly in breach of the Non-conflict Obligation.

89 A far more substantive aspect of the plaintiff’s claim in this regard,
however, has to do with what is referred to as the “IBM Sony Project”. This
was a project undertaken by AT&T as the main contractor, with the plaintiff as
the sub-contractor.

90 In January 2018, the IBM Sony Project was due for renewal. A proposal and
quote for the renewal were prepared by an employee of one of the plaintiff’s
affiliated companies and sent to the Global Accounts team, including the first
defendant, who was at the time the team’s head. However, this quote – a yearly
figure of US$930,000 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

5PBAEIC at p 45.

– was never submitted.

91 Initially, in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the first defendant said
that he was not involved in the preparation and submission of this quotation
at all. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 42.

However, on the witness stand, he admitted that it was the responsibility of
the Global Accounts team to submit the quote. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 27 November 2020, p 96 lines 22–25.

He further admitted that without reading the explanation of the quote by the
employee who prepared it, and without understanding what the quote was about,
he did not submit the quote. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 27 November 2020, p 97 lines 6–12.

92 The only explanation which the first defendant provided for his failure to
submit the quote was that the price proposed was too high. He alleged that at
a meeting with one Patrick Soh (“Mr Soh”), a representative of AT&T, Mr Soh
had informed him that AT&T was looking for a yearly figure of US$700,000
instead. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, 27 November 2020, p 75 line 23 to p 76 line 2.

The first defendant also alleged that when he informed Mr Soh of the quote of
US$930,000, Mr Soh replied, “Don’t need to submit any more, lah.” 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 2 December 2020, p 165 lines 2–4.

93 However, this latter embellishment was contradicted by the testimony of Mr
Soh, whom the first defendant had himself called as a witness. Mr Soh gave
evidence that in his meeting with the first defendant, his reaction to the
plaintiff’s quote was to seek a detailed proposal to justify the price of
$930,000. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript, 16 September 2021, p 18 line 25 to p 19 line 2.

In other words, the first defendant was acting of his own accord when he
apparently deemed the quote to be too high, and when he proceeded to simply
not take any further action.

94 By the end of cross-examination on this issue, the first defendant conceded
that he had been negligent and that his failure to submit the quote was an
oversight. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript, 2 December 2020, p 164 lines 5–15.

It should be noted, however, that this admission came in the face of a much
more serious charge levelled by the plaintiff: that the first defendant had
intentionally sabotaged the plaintiff’s renewal of the IBM-Sony Project, so
that the second defendant would have the opportunity to step in and make a bid
itself.

95 The key piece of evidence which the plaintiff brings to bear in this regard
is a spreadsheet containing confidential information relating to the
plaintiff’s work on the IBM-Sony Project, including the plaintiff’s cost for
its work (the “Costing Spreadsheet”). According to its metadata, the Costing
Spreadsheet was created on 5 February 2018. The plaintiff’s Yeo Choon Sheng
admitted to having created it. Notably, it was discovered on Mr Samuel Tan’s
laptop. Mr Samuel Tan could not provide an explanation for this and denied
having seen the Costing Spreadsheet, but ultimately admitted that he must have
received it. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 14 September 2021, p 123 line 6 – p 125 line 8.

96 However, I am unable to conclude merely from the presence of the Costing
Spreadsheet on Mr Samuel Tan’s laptop that the first defendant’s failure to
submit the plaintiff’s quote for the IBM-Sony Project was intentional
sabotage. It is true that the quick succession of these two egregious events
seems to be an unlikely coincidence and calls for an explanation. Intentional
sabotage, however, is a serious allegation demanding proof more substantial
than the circumstantial evidence the plaintiff has offered. The plaintiff has
not (a) shown that the first defendant was responsible for the conveyance of
the Costing Spreadsheet to Mr Samuel Tan; or (b) pointed to any documentation
attesting to a more nefarious intent behind the first defendant’s failure to
submit the plaintiff’s quote. It follows that the plaintiff has not discharged
its burden of proof in its ultimate case that the first defendant’s failure to
submit the plaintiff’s quote was in service of the second defendant.

(7) Other customers and opportunities

97 As I have mentioned, the customers I have considered were the ones which
the plaintiff focused on in its closing submissions. I now deal briefly with
the remainder of the plaintiff’s pleaded case on the diversion of customers
and opportunities.

98 I find that there are two instances where the first defendant provided
information to the second defendant in breach of his Non-conflict Obligation.
The first involved an invitation from the Infocomm Leaders Golf competition to
provide sponsorship, which had been sent to the first defendant’s Planet One
email address. On 19 January 2018, the first defendant forwarded this
invitation to Mr Samuel Tan from his personal email address, with the
ambiguous message “See want to do marketing launch to get to know us”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

2 AB 256.

The second involved email correspondence between the first defendant (in his
capacity as a representative of the plaintiff) and a supplier of the
plaintiff, Fortinet, concerning the provision of certain products. This
correspondence was again forwarded from the first defendant’s personal email
address on 13 April 2018, this time to Mr Tay, who at that point had recently
left the plaintiff to join the second defendant. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

7 AB 2.

In forwarding this correspondence, the first defendant did not append any
additional message to Mr Tay.

99 The first defendant’s evidence is that he had forwarded the Infocomm
Leaders Golf invitation to Mr Samuel Tan merely as a “chat among friends”, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 49.

and that he had forwarded the Fortinet correspondence to Mr Tay to obtain
urgent clarification. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 58.

In my view, however, had these innocuous explanations been true, there would
have been no need for the first defendant to utilise his personal email
address. In particular, if the first defendant was legitimately seeking
clarification from Mr Tay in relation to some loose end the latter had left
behind, he would, logically, have included some message to Mr Tay spelling out
exactly what clarification he was seeking. I find that the first defendant’s
explanations are unbelievable, and that he had in truth forwarded the Infocomm
Leaders Golf invitation and the Fortinet correspondence to employees of the
second defendant with a view to diverting these opportunities to the second
defendant, in breach of his Non-conflict Obligation.

100 There is another category of customers in relation to which the plaintiff
alleges that the first defendant was responsible for disclosing information to
the second defendant, namely: Yotel Orchard; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

SOC para 32(n).

JAFCO Investment (Hong Kong) Ltd and JAFCO Asia (Shanghai) Equity Investment
Management Co Ltd; 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

SOC para 32(t).

the Warehouse Boutique Hotel; 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

SOC para 32(u).

and Nanyang Polytechnic. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

SOC para 32(v).

The basis for the claims in respect of these customers is apparently that
confidential documents originating from the plaintiff relating to these
customers had been recovered from a forensic inspection of the laptops and
mobile phones of the first defendant and various employees of the second
defendant. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PRS at para 278.

However – as has been a running theme throughout the plaintiff’s case in this
regard – it is not at all clear what role the first defendant might have
played which resulted in the second defendant coming into possession of these
documents. In the circumstances, I do not see how the plaintiff expects the
court to find that the first defendant had breached his contractual
obligations in relation to these customers.

101 This leaves three customers which, on the plaintiff’s pleaded case, the
first defendant had sought to divert to the second defendant: Aberdeen, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

SOC para 32(i).

Diebold Nixdorf Singapore Pte Ltd 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

SOC para 32(x).

and the Singapore Institute of Technology. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

SOC para 32(x).

However, no reference was made to these entities in the plaintiff’s
submissions. I take this to mean that the plaintiff has abandoned its claims
in respect of these customers.

(8) Conclusion

102 In summary, it is plain that in the weeks and months leading up to his
departure from the plaintiff, the first defendant had been in constant contact
with the second defendant, providing information and answering queries in
relation to a number of the first defendant’s customers. The first defendant
thereby breached the Non-conflict Obligation in respect of Leap Networks, A&L,
CWT, AT&T, Fortinet and the Infocomm Leaders Golf competition. It is equally
plain that in disclosing the plaintiff’s pricing strategy in relation to the
SCADA 227 and OEM2 Projects, the first defendant breached the Confidentiality
Obligation.

103 What should also be noted is the density of the first defendant’s work for
the second defendant. This is not a case where – for instance – a sales
executive performs a one-off favour for a friend at a rival company. This is a
case where such work was apparently routinely and constantly performed.
Coupled with the first defendant’s preparation and communication of business
plans for the second defendant, this suggests that the first defendant was
much more deeply involved with the second defendant than he sought to portray
on the stand.

Beesket

104 I turn now to the second category of contractual breaches, namely those
involving instances of misconduct from earlier in the first defendant’s tenure
with the plaintiff, which do not relate to the second defendant.

105 Chief amongst these is the first defendant’s running of his personal
Beesket business while he was employed with the plaintiff. The plaintiff
claims that the first defendant conducted business on behalf of Beesket during
his working hours with the plaintiff, as evinced by various dated and
timestamped emails. In addition, in one specific instance between 29 June 2015
to 3 July 2015, the first defendant arranged a “team-building activity” for
the plaintiff’s employees, wherein the plaintiff’s employees were tasked with
selling fruit juice for Beesket and preparing marketing materials for Beesket.

106 The first defendant responds that the plaintiff had known of his personal
Beesket business since in or about June 2015, but had not raised any issue
with him until the commencement of this suit. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Voon’s AEIC at para 125, 1DCS at para 156.

This, however, is neither here nor there. An employer’s knowledge of – and
even implicit consent to – an employee’s activities outside of their work is
very different from consent to such activities being performed during working
hours, or to the resources of the employer being diverted for such activities.
This, the first defendant has not shown.

107 The first defendant also suggested on cross-examination that the team-
building exercise was in fact beneficial to the employees who participated,
teaching them to think “out-of-the-box”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript, 2 December 2020 at p 110 line 24 to p 111 line 13.

The implicit argument was that his mobilisation of the plaintiff’s employees
did not interfere with his duties, but was instead in conformity with them.

108 I reject this argument. There is no evidence that this supposed benefit to
the plaintiff’s staff materialised. I also find that the first defendant never
intended this supposed benefit in good faith. The first defendant admitted
that the participating employees were not aware that he owned the Beesket
business. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 2 December 2020 at p 109 line 14 to p 110 line 20 and p 112 lines
22–24.

Indeed, in his emails to the participating employees, the first defendant took
care to refer to Beesket only as “they”, “them” and “[t]he shop”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

6PBAEIC at p 219.

This could not have been anything but a deliberate distancing and a purposeful
concealment of his personal interest. Further, the first defendant’s
suggestion that he had not considered how this “team-building exercise” might
benefit Beesket 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript, 2 December 2020 at p 112 lines 18–21.

is entirely risible. The only conclusion that can be drawn is that this “team-
building exercise” was a farce, drawn up by the first defendant to divert the
creativity and labour of the plaintiff’s employees to benefit his business on
the side.

109 I therefore find that the first defendant’s work for Beesket during his
working hours with the plaintiff, as demonstrated by the exhibited emails, and
his misuse of the plaintiff’s employees for the “team-building exercise” from
29 June 2015 to 3 July 2015 constituted a breach of the first defendant’s Non-
conflict Obligation.

Manipulation of records and payments

110 Finally, the plaintiff alleges that the first defendant breached the Non-
conflict Obligation and cll 5 and 7 of the Conduct Guide through his
manipulation of records and payments in order to benefit himself and certain
other employees.

(1) Lisa Gwee

111 First, it is the plaintiff’s case that the first defendant wrongfully
procured payments to one Lisa Gwee (“Ms Gwee”), a salesperson employed by the
plaintiff. The plaintiff claims that this misconduct was motivated by a
romantic relationship between the first defendant and Ms Gwee, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS at para 771.

although the first defendant states that they were merely close friends. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1DCS at para 118 and 124.

However, I do not find it necessary to make any pronouncement on the nature of
the relationship between the first defendant and Ms Gwee in order for me to
determine the plaintiff’s claims, save that – as I shall canvass below – it is
apparent that the first defendant acted at various junctures with Ms Gwee’s
interest firmly in mind.

112 The first aspect of these wrongfully procured payments has to do with Ms
Gwee’s sales commissions. The term used by the plaintiff in respect of these
sales commissions was “On-Target Earnings”, or “OTE”. The OTE payable to a
sales employee was based primarily on two components: the extent to which the
employee met their target for purchase orders received from customers, and the
extent to which the employee met their target for the value of invoices issued
to customers. In respect of each primary component, if a sales employee did
not reach 75% of their assigned target, they would not be entitled to the OTE
attached to that component. Conversely, if they reached the 75% mark or
beyond, they would be entitled to a correspondingly pro-rated 75% or more of
the OTE attached to that component. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 203; Transcript, 19 November 2020, p 15 line 25 to p 18
line 13.

113 Notably, in respect of the component to do with purchase orders, a
particular procedure was in place for blanket purchase orders. As the
plaintiff’s then-Group Financial Controller, Michael Wong (“Mr Wong”),
testified, the actual order fulfilled on a blanket purchase order might be
lower than the face value of the order. Because of this, the approval of the
CEO was needed to determine whether a blanket purchase order should be counted
towards an employee’s purchase order component, and the weight that should be
attributed thereto.

114 On 11 May 2015, Mr Wong sent the first defendant an email setting out
calculations for the OTE of four sales employees, including Ms Gwee. Ms Gwee’s
purchase order target for that year was US$20,000,000. Mr Wong’s email
contained two sets of figures for the purchase orders which Ms Gwee received:
one which was inclusive of two blanket purchase orders (US$21,774,543), and
another which excluded these orders (US$16,576,623). As for the sales invoice
component, Ms Gwee was recorded as having issued US$13,048,378 of invoices,
against her target of US$16,000,000. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at p 1790.

115 On 18 May 2015, the first defendant forwarded Mr Wong’s 11 May 2015 email
to the CEO of the plaintiff, to seek approval for the OTE of the four sales
employees. However, what is notable is that the email from Mr Wong which was
forwarded was heavily truncated. All references to her two blanket purchase
orders had been removed, and the higher figure inclusive of those orders was
presented simply as a single number denoting the value of the purchase orders
she received. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

15AB 204–205.

The first defendant admitted that he had deliberately truncated Mr Wong’s 11
May 2015 email. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript, 1 December 2020 pp 111–118.

The 18 May 2015 email also stated that Ms Gwee was “very close to meeting 100%
of her Revenue”, which he attributed to her missing a billing due to an
omission on the plaintiff’s part. The first defendant therefore recommended
that Ms Gwee be paid her full OTE. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

15AB 204–205.

116 Ms Gwee was ultimately paid OTE on the basis that she had fully met her
purchase order and sales invoice targets. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

15AB 110 and PCS at para 787.

The amount she received in respect of her purchase order component was
S$7,737.90 higher than if she had been remunerated without taking into account
the two blanket purchase orders. Likewise, the amount she received in respect
of her sales invoice component was S$8,339.03 higher.

117 The first defendant’s sole argument in relation to this instance of
manipulation is that his recommendation did not amount to the final approval
of the payment, as the OTE payment also had to be approved by the CEO. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1DCS at para 131; DRS at para 134.

However, in the context of his contractual obligations, this argument is
irrelevant. Clause 7 of the Conduct Guide sets out an obligation to honestly
and accurately record and report information. I find that the first
defendant’s truncation of Mr Wong’s 11 May 2015 email to paint a more
favourable picture of Ms Gwee’s purchase order component amounted to a breach
of this obligation. It is also plain that in so favouring Ms Gwee’s interests
over his own duties to the plaintiff, the first defendant breached the Non-
conflict Obligation.

118 The second aspect of the alleged wrongful payments to Ms Gwee has to do
with reimbursements said to have been wrongfully made to her, for which the
first defendant gave approval. These reimbursements are:

S/n | Dates | Description (as submitted by Ms Gwee) | Amount   
---|---|---|---  
Claims for overseas trips  
(1) | 27 March 2015 | Trip to Taipei, Taiwan (Dinner and limousine service for 5 days and dinner) | S$2,520.85   
(2) | 2–3 June 2015 | Trip to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (airfare) | S$999.00   
(3) | 17 June 2015 | Trip to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (airfare) | S$670.30   
(4) | 8–10 September 2015 | Trip to Taipei, Taiwan (airfare) | S$1,639.30   
(5) | 18 September 2015 | Trip to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (airfare) | S$768.40   
Subtotal for claims for overseas trips: | S$6,597.85   
Other claims  
(6) | 4 February 2015 | Payment to Guardian Health & Beauty | S$677.78   
(7) | 4 February 2015 | Payment to Guardian Health & Beauty | S$23.69   
(8) | 4 February 2015 | Payment to LC Lee Urogynae Centre Pte Ltd | S$78.75   
(9) | 4 February 2015 | Payment to LC Lee Urogynae Centre Pte Ltd for contraceptives | S$47.25   
(10) | 29 March 2015 | Payment to Sardine Jalan Petitenget 21 (Bali) (signed for by one Dr Ganesh) | IDR1,758,240* (S$165.23)   
(11) | 4 April 2015 | Payment to The Rehab Physio Practice Pte Ltd (for Sombra Pain Relief Gel) | S$172.27   
(12) | 4 April 2015 | Payment to Rubato | S$1,105.60   
(13) | 30 May 2015 | Payment to Beesket | S$306.80   
(14) | 31 May 2015 | Payment to Beesket | S$413.00   
(15) | Date unclear | Payment to Taste Paradise (signed for by one Dr Ganesh) | S$1,240.56   
Subtotal for other claims: | S$4,230.93   
Total: | S$10,828.78   
  
119 At the outset, I note that items 6 to 15 – which I shall refer to as Ms
Gwee’s miscellaneous claims – have no ostensible link to the business of the
plaintiff. The first defendant was not able to give any coherent account as to
why he nonetheless approved these claims; his sole response, again, was that
the CEO was the one who would finally approve the claims. In the absence of
explanation, and in light of the first defendant’s admitted closeness with Ms
Gwee, I find that it is more likely than not that in approving these claims,
the first defendant intentionally favoured Ms Gwee’s interests over his own
duties to the plaintiff, and so breached the Non-conflict Obligation.

120 As for the claims for overseas trips, the plaintiff’s case is that item 4
was in fact a trip taken by the first defendant and Ms Gwee together for the
predominant purpose of meeting Ms Gwee’s father. In support of this, the
plaintiff referred to messages between the first defendant and Ms Gwee,
referring to Ms Gwee’s father’s birthday on 8 September. As acknowledged by
the plaintiff, however, those same messages also referred to a meeting with
one of the plaintiff’s customers.

121 I find that the plaintiff has not discharged its burden of proof in
showing that the claim for item 4 was wrongfully made and that the first
defendant was therefore remiss in approving the claim. The mere fact that the
messages between the first defendant and Ms Gwee referred more to the personal
aspects of the trip and less to the business aspects is perhaps
understandable, given their admitted closeness; it does not necessarily
reflect a corresponding prioritisation of personal affairs over business on
the trip itself. In the absence of more concrete proof that the first
defendant and Ms Gwee did not tend to the business of the plaintiff to the
customary level required for the plaintiff to authorise reimbursement, I am
unable to find that the claim for item 4 was wrongfully made.

122 Similarly, the claims for items 1, 2, 3 and 5 are asserted to have been
incurred not for the purpose of Ms Gwee’s work duties for the plaintiff. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 192.

However, the plaintiff has not adduced any further evidence to support its
case in this regard, and has not discharged its burden of proof.

123 For completeness, I should note that the plaintiff’s pleaded case in
respect of overpayments to Ms Gwee was much more extensive: it included
allegations that the first defendant had recommended a remuneration package
for Ms Gwee with an extraordinarily high OTE and that the first defendant had
placed deals procured by other employees under Ms Gwee’s account. These claims
were not pursued by the plaintiff at trial or in its closing submissions. I
take this to mean that the plaintiff has abandoned its claims in this regard,
and I say no more about them.

(2) The first defendant

124 In relation to the first defendant himself, the plaintiff claims that the
first defendant made claims for expenses he had incurred that were not made
for the benefit of the plaintiff. The expenses claims are as follows: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

SOC para 45.

S/n | Dates | Description (as submitted by the first defendant) | Amount   
---|---|---|---  
Claims for overseas trips  
(1) | 3 September 2015 | Trip to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (airfare and other claims) | S$1,319.77   
(2) | 8–10 September 2015 | Trip to Taipei, Taiwan (airfare and accommodation) | S$5,498.64   
(3) | 1 December 2015 | Trip to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (airfare and other claims) | S$1,328.22   
(4) | 30 January–2 February 2018 | Trip to Chengdu, China (accommodation) | CNY1327.62** (S$266.46)   
Total:| S$8,413.09  
  
125 The trip to Taipei (item 2) is the same one which the plaintiff claims was
undertaken with Ms Gwee for the purposes of visiting Ms Gwee’s father. As I
have already stated, the plaintiff has not discharged its burden of proof in
showing that this claim was wrongfully made.

126 Equally, while the plaintiff has asserted that the other trips to Vietnam
and to China were made by the first defendant in order to promote his Beesket
business, no further evidence has been adduced; I find therefore that the
plaintiff has not discharged its burden of proof in relation to these items.

(3) Andrew Tan

127 The final instance of alleged manipulation has to do with the payment of
OTE to one Andrew Tan for his performance in Financial Year 2015 (April
2014–March 2015). The core issue here, unlike with Ms Gwee, relates not to the
manipulation of Andrew Tan’s performance, but rather the manipulation of his
targets.

128 Andrew Tan joined the plaintiff on 1 September 2014 in the role of Country
Manager. It is undisputed that in this capacity, his targets were in effect
the targets for the Singapore office, though pro-rated to account for his
joining the company in the middle of the financial year. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 27 November 2020, p 175 line 2 to p 185 line 21.

129 In May 2015, when calculating the amount of OTE – if any – due to Andrew
Tan, Mr Wong noted that Mr Tan did not have a commission plan on record, and
therefore took the targets for the Singapore office from September 2014 to
March 2015 as the appropriate targets for Andrew Tan. However, in September
2015, the first defendant sent an unsigned commission plan to Mr Wong.
Notably, whereas Andrew Tan’s performance from September 2014 to March 2015
would not have qualified him for OTE when measured against Mr Wong’s initial
targets, the lower targets in the first defendant’s unsigned commission plan
offered a much more favourable backdrop to Andrew Tan’s performance, and would
allow Andrew Tan to meet the thresholds needed for the claiming of OTE.

130 Mr Wong informed the first defendant that the discrepancy would have to be
flagged to the CEO. However, when the first defendant sent the CEO the email
seeking his approval for the payment of OTE, he did not raise this issue. He
simply stated that Andrew Tan had attained “97.45% and 81.35% respectively on
PO and Revenue”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

7PBAEIC at p 44.

What he neglected to mention was that these percentage figures had been
derived based on his lower targets.

131 The following contemporaneous text exchange between the first defendant
and Andrew Tan is telling: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

7PBAEIC at p 26.

Voon, Charles [11:45PM]:

will also settle your comm this week

payout approval

sorry for the delay

Tan Boon Biau, Andrew [11:46 PM]

no worries

thanks

Voon, Charles [11:46 PM]

cos based on [Mr Wong’s] submission you only did 76%

and PO is 72%

so I am changing it..

so that you can be quite close to the 90%

Tan Boon Biau, Andrew [11:47 PM]

THANKS!

132 It is plain that the first defendant deliberately obfuscated the issue of
Andrew Tan’s sales targets, in order to obtain for Andrew Tan payments which
he would otherwise not have been entitled to. Much as with Ms Gwee, I find
that in relation to Andrew Tan, the first defendant breached the Non-conflict
Obligation, and his obligation under cl 7 of the Conduct Guide to keep honest
and accurate records.

(4) Conclusion

133 I therefore find that the first defendant breached the Non-conflict
Obligation and cl 7 of the Conduct Guide through his manipulation of records
in respect of the payment of OTE to Ms Gwee and to Andrew Tan, as well as
through his approval of reimbursement for Ms Gwee’s miscellaneous claims.

134 As a final note, I observe that the plaintiff’s pleaded case in relation
to this manipulation of records and payments was premised on a breach of cl 5
of the Conduct Guide as well. However, I do not see how that clause – which
prohibits harassment and discrimination – is relevant in the least. Indeed,
the plaintiff made no effort in its written submissions to further its pleaded
case on cl 5 of the Conduct Guide. I find that cl 5 of the Conduct Guide was
not breached by the first defendant.

Breach of implied duties of good faith and fidelity

135 I turn now to the plaintiff’s claim that the first defendant breached his
implied duties of good faith and fidelity. It is well-established that there
is an implied term that the employee will serve his employer with good faith
and fidelity (see, eg, Man Financial at [193]).

136 I am satisfied that each breach of the first defendant’s express
contractual obligations as I have found above constitutes a breach of the
first defendant’s implied duties of good faith and fidelity as well.

137 Conversely, where I have found that the plaintiff’s case as to breach of
the first defendant’s express contractual obligations to be insufficient, it
has been primarily for the reason that the plaintiff has been unable to prove
the first defendant’s involvement. For that same reason, the plaintiff’s case
as to breach of the first defendant’s implied duties of good faith and
fidelity therefore fails. I make special mention of the plaintiff’s case in
relation to the first defendant’s failure to submit the quote for the IBM-Sony
Project (see [89]–[94] above). Although I accept that there was plainly a
failure on the first defendant’s part, I do not find that it amounts to a
breach of the first defendant’s implied duties of good faith and fidelity.

Breach of fiduciary duties

138 The plaintiff also submits that there was in fact a fiduciary relationship
between the first defendant and the plaintiff, owing to the first defendant’s
seniority and the scope of his duties, and that the first defendant’s conduct
amounted to a breach of the fiduciary duties he owed under this relationship.

139 The test for whether such a fiduciary relationship arises in the context
of an employment relationship is whether the employee has been placed in a
position where he must act solely in the interests of his employer (Clearlab
SG Pte Ltd v Ting Chong Chai and others [2015] 1 SLR 163 at [273]). I find
that, in the broadest of strokes, the first defendant was in precisely such a
position. Although he was not a director, he was in a position of substantial
seniority, reporting only to the CEO. His oversight of the day-to-day and
sales operations of 3DN meant that he was in a position to act in his own
interests at the expense of the interests of the plaintiff. There was
therefore a fiduciary relationship between the first defendant and the
plaintiff.

140 However, the mere existence of a fiduciary relationship is not enough. As
was noted in Clearlab at [273]:

… Once a fiduciary relationship is found on the facts, there is further
inquiry on whether it is engaged on the matters relied on by the plaintiff.
There is no wholesale importation of every kind of fiduciary duty into each
case, as that disregards what exactly it is about the particular employee’s
situation that makes him a fiduciary. Even if the facts do bear a fiduciary
relationship, it must be examined, in the particular circumstances, what are
the fiduciary duties that arise. …

141 In other words, in order to succeed in a claim for breach of fiduciary
duty, a plaintiff must show that a defendant owed specific fiduciary duties
arising out of particular circumstances, and that the defendant acted contrary
to those duties: see Clearlab at [279]–[282].

142 I note that the plaintiff did not plead the contents of the fiduciary
duties supposedly owed by the first defendant under this relationship. Its
statement of claim merely pleads “fiduciary duty” as one of the various duties
said to be owed by the first defendant. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

SOC para 31.

Even as late as in its closing submissions, the plaintiff still only took the
position that the first defendant “owes [the plaintiff] a fiduciary duty”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS para 601.

143 In my view, the failure of the plaintiff to plead the specific fiduciary
duties owed by the plaintiff was fatal to its claim in this regard. In the
absence of particulars on the specific duties and the circumstances giving
rise to them, the first defendant is put at a disadvantage in marshalling his
evidence and arguments. In such a scenario, the court should not venture to
impute upon the first defendant, fiduciary duties against which the first
defendant’s conduct is to be measured.

144 I therefore dismiss the plaintiff’s claim in breach of fiduciary duty
against the first defendant.

Fraudulent misrepresentation

145 The plaintiff further claims that through his manipulation of records and
payments (see [110]–[132] above), the first defendant is liable for fraudulent
misrepresentation.

146 The elements of fraudulent misrepresentation are as follows (Ochroid
Trading Ltd and another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and
another [2018] 1 SLR 363 at [238]):

(a) First, there must have been a representation of fact made by words or
conduct.

(b) Second, the representation must have been made with the intention that it
be acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which included the
plaintiff.

(c) Third, the plaintiff has acted upon the false statement.

(d) Fourth, the plaintiff has suffered damage by doing so.

(e) Fifth, the representation must have been made with knowledge that it was
false, either made wilfully or in the absence of any genuine belief that it
was true.

147 I find this claim to be made out in relation to the payment of OTE to Ms
Gwee (see [112]–[117] above) and Andrew Tan (see [127]–[132] above). In those
instances, it is plain that the first defendant had made representations of
fact relating to Ms Gwee’s sales performance and Andrew Tan’s sales targets.
OTE was paid to each of them based on these representations, which would
otherwise not have been paid. It is also clear that the first defendant knew
that his representations were untrue: his report of Ms Gwee’s sales figures
had knowingly elided any mention that part of those figures comprised blanket
purchase orders, while his report in relation to Andrew Tan deliberately
presented as settled sales targets which had not in fact been approved.

148 I also find that the plaintiff has made out its case in fraudulent
misrepresentation in relation to the first defendant’s approval of Ms Gwee’s
miscellaneous claims (see [118]–[119] above). Given that the miscellaneous
claims plainly had nothing to do with the business of the plaintiff, I find it
more likely than not that the first defendant was aware that the claims were
illegitimate. His implicit representation that those claims were in fact
legitimate resulted in reimbursements to Ms Gwee.

149 However, the plaintiff has not made out its case in fraudulent
misrepresentation in respect of the remainder of the reimbursement claims. As
I have noted above, the plaintiff has not shown that those claims were
illegitimate.

Breach of confidence

150 I turn to consider the plaintiff’s claim in breach of confidence. The
approach to breach of confidence claims was most recently set out in I-Admin
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Hong Ying Ting and others [2020] 1 SLR 1130 at [61]. The
court is to consider whether the relevant information had the necessary
quality of confidence about it, and if it was imparted in circumstances
importing an obligation of confidence. Upon satisfaction of these
prerequisites, an action for breach of confidence is presumed. This
presumption can be displaced where the defendant proves that its conscience
was unaffected (at [61]).

151 The information which the first defendant communicated to the second
defendant included the voluminous details as to the plaintiff’s clients and
financial information contained within the business plan he prepared (see [54]
above), the plaintiff’s internal manuals (see [56]–[57] above) and the
plaintiff’s pricing strategy on the SCADA 227 and OEM2 Projects (see [75]
above). It is plain that this information bore the necessary quality of
confidence. I am also satisfied that this information was imparted in
circumstances importing an obligation of confidence.

152 The first defendant made no attempt whatsoever to suggest that his
conscience was unaffected. I therefore find that the first defendant has not
displaced the presumption of an action for breach of confidence, and is so
liable.

153 The plaintiff’s closing submissions also appear to extend its claim in
breach of confidence to the second defendant. However, I am of the view that
this claim as against the second defendant is not disclosed in the plaintiff’s
statement of claim.

154 The statement of claim is broken down into claims against the first
defendant 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

SOC at paras 32–54.

and claims against both the first and second defendants. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

SOC at paras 55–60.

The plaintiff’s cause of action in breach of confidence 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

SOC at paras 37–38.

is pleaded only in the section against the first defendant. This was
reinforced in Mr Ambrose’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, which summarised
the plaintiff’s claims as follows:

37\. In summary, the Plaintiff’s claim against the 1st Defendant is for breach
of his contractual obligations under the Employment Contract and breach of his
Employee Duties owed to the Plaintiff by reason of the following:-

…

c. Breach of confidence in disclosing and misusing the confidential and/or
proprietary information belonging to the Plaintiff (which include the
Confidential Materials) to the 2nd Defendant and/or other parties both during
and after his employment with the Plaintiff;

…

38\. The Plaintiff also claims against the 1st Defendant for fraudulent
misrepresentation in respect of the wrongful payment of commission and
reimbursement of claims.

39\. The Plaintiff claims against the 1st and 2nd Defendants are for:-

a. Inducing the Plaintiff’s employees to breach their employment contracts
with the Plaintiffs and accept employment with the 2nd Defendant;

b. Unlawful and/or lawful conspiracy in conspiring to injure the Plaintiff’s
interests by diverting the Plaintiff’s customers, business and resources away
from the Plaintiff and/or leveraging on the Plaintiff’s former employees and
Confidential Material.

155 An amendment was made to the statement of claim on 21 May 2021 (by
consent). Among other amendments, the following paragraph was added to the
section of the statement of claim dealing with breach of confidence:

38A. The 2nd Defendant received and came into possession of the Plaintiff’s
Confidential/Proprietary Information, including those particularised above,
that were wrongfully disclosed and misused the same for its own benefit and to
the detriment of the Plaintiff.

156 I do not think that this late amendment was sufficient to put the second
defendant on notice that a claim in breach of confidence was being brought
against it. Having been appended to the existing section on breach of
confidence – which, it bears repeating, was squarely under the header of
“Claims against the 1st Defendant” – the natural interpretation of this
paragraph was that this was not meant to ground a distinct claim against the
second defendant in breach of confidence, but was rather a coda to the
plaintiff’s existing case against the first defendant. In the circumstances,
the plaintiff should not be allowed to extend its claim in breach of
confidence to the second defendant now through its written submissions.

Inducement of breach of contract

157 I turn now to consider the plaintiff’s claims against both defendants,
starting with the claim that the defendants induced the Former Employees to
breach their contracts with the plaintiff.

158 The legal principles in this regard are well established. The plaintiff
must show that (see M+W Singapore Pte Ltd v Leow Tet Sin and another [2015] 2
SLR 271 (“M+W Singapore”) at [88]):

(a) the defendants knew of the contract and intended for it to be breached;

(b) the defendants induced the breach; and

(c) the contract was breached and damage was suffered.

The plaintiff’s pleaded case

159 Throughout its written submissions, the second defendant takes issue with
what it considers to be a nebulousness that permeates the plaintiff’s pleaded
case on this issue of inducement of breach of contract. I reproduce the
relevant portions of the plaintiff’s statement of claim: 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

SOC para 55.

55\. The Defendants induced the Plaintiff’s Former Employees to breach their
respective employment contracts with the Plaintiffs, in order to interfere
with the contractual rights of the Plaintiff and to procure the Plaintiff’s
Former Employees to accept employment with the 2nd Defendant, thus causing
loss and damage to the Plaintiff.

…

Particulars

a. The Plaintiff repeats paragraphs [32(g) to (i), (l), (m), (o), (p) and
(w)(iv)].

160 The paragraphs referred to under the “Particulars” section concern:

(a) the first defendant’s provision of the details of two of the Former
Employees to the second defendant (paras 32(g) and (h));

(b) the first defendant’s preparation and communication of business plans to
Mr Sng (para 32(l));

(c) assistance rendered by the first defendant, Mr Yeo, Mr Lim and Mr Liau in
setting up the second defendant’s business and website (para 32(m));

(d) assistance rendered by the first defendant and Mr Yeo in soliciting the
business of Leap Networks (para 32(o));

(e) assistance rendered by the first defendant and Mr Yeo in soliciting the
business of A&L (para 32(p)); and

(f) the disclosure of the SP Inventory List to the second defendant (para
32(w)(iv)).

161 For completeness, I note that para 32(i) of the statement of claim, to
which the “Particulars” section of this head of claim referred to, concerned
the procurement of Aberdeen, an existing customer of the plaintiff. As I have
already noted (see [101] above), no reference was made to Aberdeen in the
plaintiff’s submissions. It should also be noted that the plaintiff similarly
did not pursue in its written submissions a further pleaded allegation that
the defendants had sought to induce its employees based in Indonesia and
employees of its affiliate in Indonesia to breach their employment contracts.
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

SOC para 58.

I take this to mean that these aspects of the plaintiff’s claim have been
abandoned.

162 It should be noted from the extract of the statement of claim reproduced
above that the plaintiff did not specify the contractual obligations owed by
the Former Employees which were allegedly breached. In the particulars served
pursuant to the second defendant’s request, the plaintiff specified that the
obligations which had been breached were the Former Employees’ Non-compete
Obligations and Confidentiality Obligations. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

SDB 171–172.

163 In other words, as the second defendant pointed out, it was not the
plaintiff’s pleaded case that the defendants had induced the Former Employees
to breach their Non-conflict Obligations and Non-solicitation Obligations. I
therefore make no finding in relation to the plaintiff’s belated attempts in
its written submissions to make precisely this argument. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS para 607.

164 Further, as I have already found (at [36]–[46] above), the Non-compete
Obligation is unenforceable and cannot be severed. It follows that this aspect
of the claim must fail.

165 The plaintiff has also made copious submissions on supposed inducements of
breach of contract in relation to matters other than those listed at [160]
above – for instance, in relation to the Remote Access Solution Project (see
[76]–[78] above) and to PTS (see [82] above). However, I do not think that
these submissions have an adequate foundation in the pleadings. As may be seen
in the extract of the statement of claim reproduced above, for the purposes of
its claim in inducement of breach of contract, the plaintiff chose to repeat
only a subset of its overall allegations. The natural understanding of this is
that the plaintiff is only pursuing its claim in inducement of breach of
contract in respect of that subset. The plaintiff should not be allowed to
belatedly broaden the scope of its case through its written submissions.

166 What remains, then, is the plaintiff’s claim that the defendants had, in
relation to the acts set out at [160] above, induced the Former Employees to
breach their Confidentiality Obligations. The provision of the details of two
Former Employees and the preparation and communication of business plans are
evidently merely the background to this claim. I shall therefore focus on the
setting up of the second defendant’s business and website, the solicitation of
Leap Networks and A&L, and the disclosure of the SP Inventory List.

Setting up of the second defendant’s business and website

167 Unfortunately, the plaintiff’s submissions did not make clear what exactly
it was taking grievance with in relation to the assistance rendered by the
first defendant, Mr Yeo, Mr Lim and Mr Liau in the setting up of the second
defendant’s business and website, for the purposes of its claim in inducement
of breach of contract. In the absence of such elaboration, I shall consider
whether the feedback provided by these individuals as to the second
defendant’s logo, name cards and website (see [56] above) indicates that the
defendants had induced these Former Employees to breach their Confidentiality
Obligations.

168 In examining the feedback highlighted by the plaintiff, it is plain that
no confidential information was disclosed. The feedback centred on purely the
colour of the second defendant’s name cards. No reference was made to any
information belonging to the first defendant. I therefore do not consider
there to have been a breach of the relevant Former Employees’ Confidentiality
Obligations in this regard. It follows that the plaintiff’s claim for
inducement of breach of contract is not made out in relation to the setting up
of the second defendant’s business and website.

Solicitation of Leap Networks

169 I turn now to the solicitation of Leap Networks, in relation to which I
have already found the first defendant liable for breach of his Non-conflict
Obligation, based on clear documentary evidence (see [84]–[85] above). I now
address Mr Yeo’s involvement.

170 On 30 January 2018, Leap Networks requested by email a quotation from Mr
Samuel Tan. Mr Samuel Tan then forwarded this email to Mr Yeo and the first
defendant, with the comment “Fya”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

2PBAEIC at p 127.

Mr Yeo responded with a document containing price estimates for certain
products from the plaintiff’s supplier, Cisco. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

2PBAEIC at pp 131–135.

Mr Yeo conceded in cross-examination that these price estimates had been
obtained by him in his capacity as an employee of the plaintiff, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript, 9 September 2021, p 79 line 19 to p 80 line 7.

and admitted that he was not authorised to send these out. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript, 9 September 2021, p 84 line 20 to p 85 line 6.

Subsequently, when Mr Samuel Tan forwarded another request for a quotation
from Leap Networks to Mr Yeo and the first defendant on 1 February 2018, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

2PBAEIC at p 139.

Mr Yeo responded with another similar document containing price estimates. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

2PBAEIC at pp 139–146.

171 These price estimates, which had been obtained from Cisco through the
plaintiff’s account on its portal, plainly fell within the protection of Mr
Yeo’s Confidentiality Obligation (which was phrased identically to the first
defendant’s). The estimates were clearly “information concerning the products
… of the Company”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

1 AB 142.

Mr Yeo’s disclosure therefore constituted a breach of his Confidentiality
Obligation. I also accept the plaintiff’s evidence that this disclosure, in
conjunction with the first defendant’s assistance in preparing the quote for
Leap Networks, likely caused damage to the plaintiff, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 182.

though the precise quantification of this damage is not an issue presently
before me. His disclosure had also been prompted by Mr Samuel Tan, and it
therefore has to be said the second defendant had procured Mr Yeo’s breach of
contract.

172 The sole remaining question is whether, in procuring Mr Yeo’s breach of
contract, the second defendant was aware of the contract and intended for it
to be breached. In dealing with Mr Yeo when he was in the employ of the
plaintiff, the second defendant must surely have known that Mr Yeo was subject
to an employment contract. That they might not have been aware of the precise
terms of the employment contract – ie, that the employment contract contained
the Confidentiality Obligation – is immaterial: Tribune Investment Trust Inc v
Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 (“Tribune Investment”) at [17].
While there is no indication that the second defendant had intended the breach
of the Confidentiality Obligation either as an end in itself or a means to an
end (see M+W Singapore at [90], citing OBG Ltd v Allan [2008] 1 AC 1), it
suffices for the element of intention that a defendant “is reckless as to the
consequence of his actions in the sense of being indifferent whether or not a
breach happens” (Tribune Investment at [18]). I find that the second defendant
was reckless in this manner. The entire point of consulting Mr Yeo and the
first defendant when faced with a request for a quote by Leap Networks was
that the second defendant did not have access to Cisco’s prices. Mr Samuel Tan
knew that this information was in the possession of the plaintiff – indeed, he
acknowledged in cross-examination that it “belong[ed]” to the plaintiff 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 13 September 2021, p 83 lines 7–10.

– and yet forged ahead with no regard for the plaintiff’s confidentiality or
potential contractual restrictions on Mr Yeo relating thereto.

173 It follows that the elements of the tort of inducement of breach of
contract have been satisfied by the second defendant’s procurement of
information from Mr Yeo in breach of his Confidentiality Obligation. As the
first defendant was actively involved in this exchange (see [84]–[85] above),
I find that he, too, played a role in procuring Mr Yeo’s breach, and that he
should be held jointly liable with the second defendant.

Solicitation of A&L

174 Turning to the solicitation of A&L, the plaintiff alleges that Mr Yeo:

(a) prepared a quote for the second defendant based on a quote from one of the
plaintiff’s suppliers, ECS Pericomp Sdn Bhd (“ECS Pericomp”), and sent both
quotes to Mr Samuel Tan; and

(b) collaborated with an employee of Sunway on the preparation of further
quotes for A&L while still employed by the plaintiff.

175 I find that Mr Yeo breached his Confidentiality Obligation by sending the
ECS Pericomp quote to Mr Samuel Tan. I also accept Mr Yeo’s evidence that he
had prepared his quote and sent both quotes to Mr Samuel Tan as a result of Mr
Samuel Tan’s prompting. I further find that, as with the solicitation of Leap
Networks, the elements of awareness of Mr Yeo’s contract and intention are
satisfied as well.

176 However, the plaintiff has not suggested in its evidence or submissions
that it has suffered damage as a result of the defendants’ procurement of Mr
Yeo’s disclosure of the ECS Pericomp quote. The only indication in this regard
is in the plaintiff’s statement of claim, where the catch-all assertion that
the plaintiff has suffered “loss and damage” 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

SOC at para 61.

may be read to extend to this aspect of its claim. In this regard, I refer to
an exhibit tendered by the first defendant at trial, comparing the customers
of the plaintiff to the customers of the second defendant. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Exhibit (1)D2.

This exhibit indicates that at no point before or after Mr Yeo’s disclosure of
the ECS Pericomp quote was A&L a customer of the second defendant. I note that
the plaintiff has not challenged the accuracy of this exhibit, and was indeed
happy to adopt it to suggest that the second defendant was broadly targeting
the plaintiff’s customers. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PCS at para 486.

The plaintiff has not suggested what form of damage it might have suffered, if
the second defendant indeed did not gain the business of A&L at its expense.

177 Given that the plaintiff has essentially put nothing forward to suggest
that damage has been suffered, I am unable to find that the tort of inducement
of breach of contract has been made out in relation to the defendants’
procurement of Mr Yeo’s disclosure of the ECS Pericomp quote.

178 As for Mr Yeo’s collaboration with an employee of Sunway while in the
employ of the plaintiff, no suggestion has been made by the plaintiff that the
Confidentiality Obligation was breached. I therefore do not allow this aspect
of the plaintiff’s claim.

Disclosure of the SP Inventory List

179 The final aspect of the plaintiff’s pleaded claim concerns the disclosure
of the SP Inventory List. I have averted to this earlier in this judgment,
when pointing out that the “true sequence” of events leading up to its
disclosure, as put forth by the plaintiff, did not involve the first defendant
at all (see [71] above). I now consider this “true sequence” in greater
detail.

180 The plaintiff’s case is that Ms Lee, one of the plaintiff’s Former
Employees, compiled and sent the SP Inventory List to the second defendant’s
Esther Foo (“Ms Foo”). Subsequently, on 10 May 2018, Ms Foo circulated the SP
Inventory List to her colleagues at Sunway. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PCS at para 189.

181 It is not disputed that Ms Lee compiled the SP Inventory List, and that Ms
Foo circulated the SP Inventory List to her colleagues at Sunway on 10 May
2018. The wrinkle in this account is that Ms Lee denied on the stand that she
had not forwarded it to anyone in the second defendant. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, 1 December 2020, p 202 line 22 to p 203 line 2.

However, I reject this assertion. The list compiled by Ms Lee 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

8PBAEIC at pp 202–204.

is identical to the one circulated by Ms Foo to her colleagues on 10 May 2018.
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

7PBAEIC at pp 59–69.

Ms Lee could not explain this apparent coincidence, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript, 1 December 2020, p 203 lines 3–4.

though she attempted to conjecture – without basis – that perhaps the other
employees of the plaintiff whom she shared the list with might have shared it
with SP, who might then have passed it on, until it eventually arrived in the
hands of the second defendant. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript, 1 December 2020, p 203 line 23 to p 204 line 2.

I find that it is more likely than not that Ms Lee had in fact sent the SP
Inventory List to Ms Foo. I therefore accept the factual narrative set out by
the plaintiff in relation to the disclosure of the SP Inventory List.

182 I further find that Ms Lee’s disclosure of the SP Inventory List to Ms Foo
constituted a breach of the confidentiality clause in her employment contract
(which was slightly different from the corresponding clauses for the first
defendant and Mr Yeo). The SP Inventory List was composited from information
concerning equipment and services which the plaintiff had provided to SP, as
well as projects that were undertaken by the plaintiff for SP. It was
therefore “Confidential Information”, as defined in Ms Lee’s employment
contract, being “information … possessed by, used by, or under the control of
[the plaintiff] that [was] not generally available to the public”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

1 AB 222.

In disclosing the SP Inventory List to Ms Foo, Ms Lee breached cl 13.2 of her
employment contract, which obligated her to “keep confidential and not
disclosed [sic] to any third party … the Confidential Information”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

1 AB 227.

I also accept the plaintiff’s evidence that this disclosure likely caused loss
and damage to it. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Ambrose’s AEIC at para 182.

183 The next question, then, is whether the defendants had induced Ms Lee’s
breach. The second defendant submits that on the evidence, the plaintiff has
not proven this. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

2DCS at para 153.

I disagree. Ms Foo testified that she had circulated the SP Inventory List to
her colleagues in response to a query from Mr Samuel Tan. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript, 7 September 2021, p 110 line 2 to p 111 line 13.

If there was no inducement, that means that Ms Foo had been charged with this
matter, and at or around the same time, Ms Lee happened to breach her
Confidentiality Obligation by disclosing to the second defendant the exact
information that Ms Foo required. This is, to say the least, an unlikely
series of events. I therefore find that it is more likely than not that the
second defendant had induced Ms Lee to breach her Confidentiality Obligation.

184 However, I do not find that the first defendant played a part in inducing
this breach. The extent of the first defendant’s participation in this
disclosure, on the plaintiff’s own case, is that he intended for the second
defendant to poach SP from the plaintiff, as indicated in his business plans.
Without further evidence of the first defendant’s direct involvement in
procuring Ms Lee’s breach of her Confidentiality Obligation, it is difficult
for me to find that he had a hand in this, as opposed to the alternative of
the second defendant initiating this inducement on its own.

185 I further reiterate my analysis above and find that the elements of
awareness of Ms Lee’s contract and intention are satisfied as well.

186 I therefore find the second defendant to be liable in inducement of breach
of contract in respect of Ms Lee’s breach of her Confidentiality Obligation in
disclosing the SP Inventory List.

Conspiracy

187 Finally, the plaintiff claims against both defendants in both unlawful
means conspiracy and lawful means conspiracy.

Unlawful means conspiracy

188 Unlawful means conspiracy is constituted when two or more persons combine
to commit an unlawful act with the intention of harming the plaintiff’s
economic interests. The claimant must show (Bluestone Corp Pte Ltd v Phang
Cher Choon and others and another suit [2020] SGHC 268 at [254]):

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

189 In the present case, I find that on a balance of probabilities, it is
likely that the defendants worked together to set up the second defendant at
the expense of the plaintiff, namely through obtaining the plaintiff’s
confidential information, diverting the plaintiff’s customers and hiring the
plaintiff’s employees. The second defendant sought to portray the first
defendant’s actions in this regard as a sort of overzealous assistance, the
details to which the second defendant was not privy. I am inclined to
disagree. As Mr Sng admitted on the stand, he sought elaboration from the
first defendant at various junctures as to the proposed business plan. His
position that this was merely to check that the first defendant had some basis
in reality for the plan, as the level of detail in the plan had apparently
been not at all expected. He therefore sought to throw the first defendant a
“curve ball” by asking for more details. However, I do not find this to be a
credible tale. Multiple rounds of “curve balls” were apparently thrown, which
does not strike me as necessary if all Mr Sng wanted to do was to verify the
plaintiff’s mettle and credibility. Further, as I have already alluded to (at
[103] above), the density of the first defendant’s work for the second
defendant suggests a much more tight-knit relationship, as well as the
existence of a shared plan. I therefore find it more likely than not that
there was in fact an underlying combination between the defendants for the
first defendant to assist in the setting up for the second defendant through
the transmission of confidential data belonging to the plaintiff, the
solicitation of the plaintiff’s employees and the diversion of the plaintiff’s
customers.

190 I have found that the first defendant breached his contractual obligations
through providing assistance to the second defendant in (a) setting up the
latter, (b) soliciting Ms Tan and Ms Chua and (c) the second defendant’s
efforts to divert from the first defendant various customers and opportunities
(see [102] above). Further, I have found that the second defendant induced Ms
Lee’s breach of her Confidentiality Obligation in her disclosure of the SP
Inventory List, and that both defendants should be held liable for inducing Mr
Yeo’s breach of his Confidentiality Obligation in respect of Leap Networks.
These constitute the unlawful means by which the conspiracy was undertaken. It
is also likely that the plaintiff has suffered loss by these acts, though the
extent of the loss is not an issue that is presently before me. I find,
therefore, that the defendants are liable in unlawful means conspiracy.

Lawful means conspiracy

191 The plaintiff further makes a claim under lawful means conspiracy, which
is constituted by (Tuitiongenius Pte Ltd v Toh Yew Keat and another [2020] 5
SLR 354 at [114]):

(a) a combination of two or more persons and an agreement between them and
amongst them to do certain acts;

(b) the predominant purpose of the combination being to cause damage or injury
to the claimant;

(c) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(d) the claimant suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

192 Once more, I find that there was a combination between the defendants for
the first defendant to assist in the setting up for the second defendant
through the transmission of confidential data belonging to the plaintiff, the
solicitation of the plaintiff’s employees and the diversion of the plaintiff’s
customers.

193 The alleged conspirators in a lawful means conspiracy will be taken to
possess the necessary predominant purpose if they undertake actions knowing
that any gain to themselves cannot be brought about without a corresponding
loss to the plaintiffs (see Tuitiongenius at [115] and Raffles Town Club Pte
Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others and other appeals [2013] 1 SLR 374 at
[63]). In the present case, given that the core of the combination appears to
have been to take advantage of the resources and work invested by the
plaintiff in its business to jumpstart the second defendant, it can be safely
said the defendants’ gain could only have come about with a corresponding loss
to the plaintiff. The defendants therefore possessed the necessary predominant
purpose to injure the plaintiff.

194 As an aside, I note that in a situation involving the poaching of an
employee – a fairly common business practice – the gain to the hiring company
necessarily entails a corresponding loss to the company from which the
employee was hired from. It would then appear to follow that whenever such
poaching is agreed upon between multiple parties and executed, a cause of
action in lawful means conspiracy results. Whether the tort of lawful means
conspiracy should capture such situations is not a question that is before me,
nor one on which the parties in the present case have made submissions, but it
is perhaps a question worthy of future consideration.

195 I turn to the acts performed in furtherance of the agreement. In addition
to those acts which I have found to constitute unlawful means for the purposes
of unlawful means conspiracy (see [190] above), I find that the second
defendant’s solicitation of the Former Employees apart from Ms Chua and Ms Tan
(see [63]–[67] above) was also performed in furtherance of the agreement. It
is also likely that the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of these acts.

196 I therefore find that the plaintiff’s claim in lawful means conspiracy has
been made out as well.

Reliefs

197 In summary, I make the following findings as to liability:

(a) The first defendant is liable for breach of contract and his implied
duties of good faith and fidelity for:

(i) Preparing and communicating business plans for setting up the second
defendant (at [54]–[55] above), providing feedback on the second defendant’s
name cards (at [57] above) and disclosing the first defendant’s internal
manuals (at [57] above);

(ii) Assisting in the second defendant’s solicitation of Ms Chua and Ms Tan
(at [60] above);

(iii) Disclosing the plaintiff’s pricing strategy in relation to the SCADA 227
and OEM2 projects (at [81] above);

(iv) Assisting the second defendant in procuring the business of Leap Networks
(at [85] above), A&L (at [86] above) and CWT Limited (at [87] above;.

(v) Responding substantively to the second defendant’s inquiries in relation
to AT&T (at [88] above);

(vi) Working for Beesket during his working hours with the plaintiff, and
misusing the plaintiff’s employees for the “team-building exercise” (at [109]
above);

(vii) Manipulating records in order to obtain higher payments of OTE to Ms
Gwee (at [117] above) and Andrew Tan (at [132] above); and

(viii) Approving reimbursement claims from Ms Gwee with no ostensible link to
the business of the plaintiff (at [119] above).

(b) The first defendant is liable in fraudulent misrepresentation for
manipulating records in order to obtain higher payments of OTE to Ms Gwee (at
[117] above) and Andrew Tan (at [132] above) and approving reimbursement
claims from Ms Gwee with no ostensible link to the business of the plaintiff
(at [119] above).

(c) The first defendant is liable in breach of confidence in relation to the
business plans he prepared for the second defendant and his disclosure of the
plaintiff’s internal manuals and the plaintiff’s pricing strategy on the SCADA
227 and OEM2 Projects (at [151] above).

(d) The second defendant is liable for inducing Ms Lee’s breach of her
Confidentiality Obligation in her disclosure of the SP Inventory List (at
[186] above), while both defendants are liable for inducing Mr Yeo’s breach of
his Confidentiality Obligation in respect of Leap Networks (at [173] above).

(e) Both defendants are liable in unlawful means conspiracy for the
plaintiff’s contractual breaches and the inducements of breach of contract.

(f) Both defendants are liable in lawful means conspiracy for the plaintiff’s
contractual breaches, the inducements of breach of contract and the
solicitation of the Former Employees apart from Ms Chua and Ms Tan.

198 The plaintiff seeks the following reliefs:

(a) damages to be assessed, or in the alternative, at the election of the
plaintiff, an account of profits;

(b) an order that the defendants deliver up to the plaintiff all hard and soft
copies of the plaintiff’s trade secrets, confidential and/or proprietary
information and any of the plaintiff’s trade secrets, confidential and/or
proprietary information that has been obtained, modified or adapted by the
defendants and destroy all copies of the same in their custody, power and
control; and

(c) an injunction to restrain the defendants from using or dealing in any way
with the plaintiff’s trade secrets, confidential and/or proprietary
information.

199 I have found that there have been numerous instances where confidential
information was conveyed to the second defendant, whether by the first
defendant or by others. Further, even though the plaintiff did not succeed in
its claim against the first defendant for breach of contract in respect of the
confidential information discovered via forensic inspection (see [100] above),
it is still troubling that such information was found in the possession of the
defendants. I therefore grant the order and the injunctions sought.

200 I also order that damages are to be assessed in respect of each head of
liability which has been found.

201 The plaintiff seeks the alternative remedy of an account of profits on the
basis that the conduct of the first defendant also amounted to a breach of his
fiduciary duties. I have not allowed this claim, and it follows that the
alternative remedy of an account of profits is not appropriate in respect of
the entirety of the first defendant’s conduct. However, insofar as the
plaintiff has made out its case in breach of confidence against the first
defendant – ie in respect of the business plans he prepared for the second
defendant and his disclosure of the plaintiff’s internal manuals and the
plaintiff’s pricing strategy on the SCADA 227 and OEM2 Projects – the
plaintiff is entitled to elect for an account of profits.

202 The costs of this stage of the trial shall be reserved to the following
stage of the trial.

Chan Seng Onn  
Senior Judge|  
---|---  
  
Toh Wei Yi, Poon Pui Yee, Leong Shan Wei Jaclyn and Ng Hua Meng Marcus (Huang
Huaming Marcus) (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the plaintiff;

Hua Yew Fai Terence, Mohamed Fazal bin Abdul Hamid, Nur Izyan binte Mohammad
Rahim (IRB Law LLP) for the first defendant;

Loo Choon Chiaw, Chia Foon Yeow and Saw Sheng Cai Leonard (Loo & Partners LLP)
for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Jul 2022 (16:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

