Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 285

Suit No 327 of 2022 (Summons No 3754 of 2022)

Between

(1)| Pakirisamy Rajoo  
---|---  
(2)| Sharma Indra Devi  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Sheila Devi d/o Pakirisamy Rajoo

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Setting aside — Dismissal of claim — Absence of plaintiff
at trial]

[Legal Profession — Professional conduct — Duties and responsibilities]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pakirisamy Rajoo and another

  
v

  

Sheila Devi d/o Pakirisamy Rajoo

[2022] SGHC 285

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 327 of 2022 (Summons No 3754 of
2022)  
See Kee Oon J  
27 October 2022

9 November 2022

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This was a summons filed by the two plaintiffs, who are husband and wife.
The plaintiffs filed HC/S 327/2022 (“Suit 327”) against the defendant, their
daughter. Suit 327 was dismissed owing to the plaintiffs’ absence at trial,
which was scheduled to be heard over two days, commencing 11 October 2022. Not
only were the plaintiffs absent without any prior notice to the court, their
counsel, Mr Mohan Singh s/o Gurdial Singh (“Mr Singh”) was absent as well. I
proceeded to dismiss the claim after hearing brief submissions from the
defendant’s counsel, Mr Andrew Hanam (“Mr Hanam”).

2 Medical certificates were subsequently produced on behalf of the first
plaintiff (“Mr Rajoo”) and Mr Singh purporting to explain their absence. All
the medical certificates did not contain any diagnosis and categorically
stated that they were not valid for absence from court proceedings. No medical
certificate was produced for the second plaintiff (“Mdm Devi”).

3 On 27 October 2022, at the hearing of the summons (HC/SUM 3754/2022 – “SUM
3754”) that was filed to set aside my judgment dismissing the claim, Mr Singh
again did not attend. Another counsel from a different firm appeared instead
to argue the matter on the plaintiffs’ behalf. After hearing submissions, I
dismissed SUM 3754.

4 I shall proceed to set out the relevant background and chronology, and
furnish my reasons for dismissing SUM 3754. It is with considerable regret
that I feel compelled to write this grounds of decision, as it is necessary in
my view to highlight Mr Singh’s cavalier conduct in these proceedings. It
would appear that the plaintiffs themselves had unfortunately also chosen to
adopt a similar stance.

Background to the dispute

5 I begin with a brief outline of the background to the dispute in Suit 327,
in which the plaintiffs claimed the sum of $300,000 from the defendant on the
basis of promissory estoppel. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim dated 31 March 2022 (“SOC”) at paras 10–11.

The plaintiffs alleged that the defendant had made representations to them
that they would be allowed to reside in her flat at Blk 307 Woodlands Avenue
1, #09-311, Singapore 730307 (“the Flat”) during their lifetime. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 7(i).

The Flat was formerly owned by the plaintiffs until it was sold to the
defendant in 2009 for $410,000. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 7(v).

The plaintiffs moved out in 2017 and only moved back into the Flat in 2020. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 19 April 2022 at para 5; Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim dated 4 May 2022 at para 7(vi),

6 The defendant sold the Flat in March 2022 and informed the plaintiffs that
they had to move out by May 2022 as she would have to give vacant possession
to the purchaser. The plaintiffs informed the defendant that they would not
move out. They subsequently filed Suit 327 claiming, inter alia, that the
defendant had previously represented to them that if she were to sell the
Flat, she would pay them $300,000 which comprised: (a) $240,000 representing a
“discount” between the then purported market price of $650,000 and the
purchase price of $410,000; and (b) $60,000 as repayment for the plaintiffs’
assistance to help clear her past debts. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at paras 7(ii)–7(iii) and 7(v).

7 The defendant denied the allegations in Suit 327 and put the plaintiffs to
strict proof. The trial was scheduled to be heard over two days from 11 to 12
October 2022.

Events leading up to SUM 3754

Events on the trial date

8 The chronology of events that transpired on the morning of 11 October 2022
bears noting. Only Mr Hanam and the defendant were present in court at
10.00am, the scheduled time for the trial to commence. At 10.12am, as neither
the plaintiffs nor Mr Singh were present, my Court Manager took the initiative
to call up Mr Singh on his handphone to inquire on his whereabouts. Mr Singh
informed her that he was unwell and would not be attending court. He mentioned
that he had already informed his office and arrangements would be made for
someone from his office to attend court. He requested my Court Manager to call
his office.

9 At 10.13am, my Court Manager called Mr Singh’s office and spoke to a male
staff member. He declined to identify himself. He stated that the office would
arrange for someone to attend court. The said staff member said that he would
return the call to my Court Manager within ten minutes. He did not do so, and
hence at 10.23am, my Court Manager called the office again. She was informed
by the same male staff member that the office was making some arrangements and
a representative from the office would attend court at 10.45am. She was also
told that the plaintiffs would not be attending court as Mr Rajoo had just
been discharged from hospital at 5.30am that morning and Mdm Devi was not
well.

10 At 10.30am, I commenced the hearing in open court. Mr Hanam stated that he
had not been previously informed by Mr Singh that neither he nor his clients
would not be attending court. In the premises, Mr Hanam submitted for the
claim to be dismissed. He pointed out that he had also not received any of the
trial bundles and submitted that the plaintiffs had intentionally delayed
matters from the start of the proceedings.

11 I stood the matter down to 10.45am in view of the indication from Mr
Singh’s office that someone would be present in court by then to mention the
case on his behalf. When I resumed the hearing at 10.46am, there was no sign
of anyone from Mr Singh’s office in court. There was also no further
communication from Mr Singh’s office. It should be emphasised that on each
occasion when my Court Manager communicated with either Mr Singh or his
office, this was done entirely at her initiative. No prior notice whatsoever
had been given to the court of Mr Singh’s or the plaintiffs’ non-attendance at
trial.

12 Mr Hanam again asked for the claim to be dismissed and I so ordered,
pursuant to O 35 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). After
ordering costs of the action to the defendant, the hearing in open court was
adjourned at 11.02am. No further communication was received by my Court
Manager from Mr Singh or his office that day.

Filing of SUM 3754 – Mr Rajoo’s affidavit

13 After the claim was dismissed, SUM 3754 was filed in the eLitigation system
that very evening to set aside the judgment dismissing the plaintiffs’ claim.
In support of the application, Mr Rajoo affirmed an affidavit dated 11 October
2022 (“Mr Rajoo’s affidavit”) seeking, on behalf of the plaintiffs, to set
aside the dismissal of the claim on “exceptional grounds mainly due to ill
health” and also to “explain [their] Counsel’s non-presence on account of his
ill health too [that] morning such that alternate arrangements for another
Counsel was impeded due to circumstances beyond his control”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Pakirisamy Rajoo’s affidavit dated 11 October 2022 (“Mr Rajoo’s affidavit”) at
para 1.

14 Essentially, Mr Rajoo’s affidavit chronicled his visits to Khoo Teck Puat
Hospital (“KTPH”) on 8 October 2022, and thereafter to Woodlands Polyclinic
and Tan Tock Seng Hospital (“TTSH”) on 10 October 2022. Mr Rajoo explained
that he was hospitalised for two days at KTPH after a fainting spell on 8
October 2022. Upon discharge the next day at 9.47am, he was given medical
leave for seven days from 8 to 14 October 2022 (inclusive) and referred to
TTSH for follow-up at the earliest possible date after five days from
discharge. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at para 7.

15 On 10 October 2022, Mr Rajoo claimed that he vomited and felt unwell and
thus visited Woodlands Polyclinic. He was referred to the TTSH Emergency
Department, where he was observed through the night and discharged at about
5.07am on the morning of 11 October 2022. The examining physician at TTSH gave
him medical leave for three days from 11 to 13 October 2022 (inclusive). Mr
Rajoo said that because he was too exhausted after being discharged, he went
to sleep and was thus not present in court on 11 October 2022. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at paras 8–10.

16 Mr Rajoo further stated in his affidavit that Mdm Devi was also on medical
leave. He explained that she had difficulty in walking due to right knee
osteoarthritis and was “on wheelchair” [sic]. He sent Mr Singh the relevant
medical documents by WhatsApp as he was “home unable to move about”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at paras 10–11.

17 Mr Rajoo claimed that he was confident that Mr Singh would handle the
matter but did not expect that Mr Singh would also be ill that morning. He
exhibited a copy of Mr Singh’s medical certificate in his affidavit. Mr Rajoo
also pointed to the grant of an injunction compelling the defendant to pay
$100,000 into court prior to the assignment of trial dates as being conclusive
of the merits of the plaintiffs’ case. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at paras 13 and 15–16.

Mr Singh’s written submissions for SUM 3754

18 At the outset, it is pertinent to note that Mr Singh’s written submissions
for SUM 3754 were filed at the eleventh hour in the eLitigation system at
1.06pm on 27 October 2022, less than 90 minutes before the hearing was
scheduled to commence. Quite apart from the tardiness of this filing, there
were a few matters which required clarification arising from my perusal of
these submissions.

19 First, the written submissions suggested that Mr Rajoo had “filed” the
supporting affidavit for SUM 3754 “via Video given [his] medical condition”.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions dated 27 October 2022 (“PS”) at para 1.

However, I was conscious that Mr Rajoo did not attest to this in his
affidavit. I saw no reason why he could not have done so if this was indeed
the truth of the matter. As such, the statement that the affidavit had been
“filed” “via Video” was inadmissible evidence from the Bar.

20 Second, the written submissions reiterated Mr Rajoo’s “firm believe” [sic]
that the claim was dismissed because “…the Court was not apprised of the
circumstances that the Plaintiffs and their Counsel were ill”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PS at para 4.

This was not completely accurate since the court had sought to elicit
information from both Mr Singh and a staff member from his office, but had not
been afforded any supporting documentation to justify their non-attendance at
trial. In any event, it was counsel’s primary responsibility to put forth any
relevant information or supporting documentation in the first place. This was
not done at all in the present case prior to or at the time of the hearing.

21 Third, the written submissions stated that that the plaintiffs, who are
aged 73 and 65 respectively, were issued medical certificates by competent
practitioners who “had clarified that both were ill; were granted medical
leave for certain number of days such that they were absent; [and] have stated
that they were unable to attend Court on 11th October 2022” [emphasis added].
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PS at para 11.

This was misleading. Only Mr Rajoo had exhibited two medical certificates,
both of which contained the unambiguous qualifier: “This Certificate is not
valid for absence from court attendance”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at pp 11 and 20.

Mdm Devi produced no medical certificate. I shall examine the documents relied
upon in due course.

Events at the hearing of SUM 3754

22 The parties were duly notified that the hearing of SUM 3754 would take
place virtually on 27 October 2022 via Zoom. I noted above (at [18]) that Mr
Singh filed written submissions for SUM 3754 albeit at the eleventh hour on 27
October 2022. There was no prior indication that he would not be appearing at
the hearing to make his oral submissions. Only Mr Hanam had logged in prior to
the scheduled hearing time of 2.30pm. By 2.36pm, Mr Singh had still not logged
in for the Zoom hearing.

23 Once again, my Court Manager had to call Mr Singh on his handphone to
ascertain his whereabouts. The call went unanswered. She then called Mr
Singh’s office and spoke to one Mr Roy at 2.42pm, who informed her that Mr
Singh was engaged with another matter in the State Courts and another
solicitor, one Mr Lawrence Tan (“Mr Tan”) would mention SUM 3754 on Mr Singh’s
behalf. I pause to note that this was an unusual course to adopt, as it is
settled practice that in the event of any conflict in counsel’s hearing
schedules, Supreme Court hearings would take precedence over State Courts
hearings.

24 Mr Tan did not log in for the Zoom hearing until about 2.45pm. When I
queried him as to why Mr Singh was not able to attend the hearing, he stated
that Mr Singh was attending another State Courts hearing. Mr Tan clarified
that he was from another firm (Prestige Legal LLP), and confirmed that he had
instructions to proceed with the application in SUM 3754.

The submissions in SUM 3754

25 Mr Tan raised three main points in his submissions. First, he submitted
that the plaintiffs’ absence at trial was on account of their being elderly
and sick. They had been hospitalised and were on medical leave. He pointed out
that Mr Singh had also been given a medical certificate. Second, he submitted
that there was no undue delay in making the application in SUM 3754 and no
prejudice would be suffered by the defendant if the claim were to be
reinstated since the Flat had already been sold. Third, he argued that there
were triable issues and merits to the application. He did not specify what
those merits were, but simply referred the court to paras 15 and 16 of Mr
Rajoo’s affidavit which referenced the grant of the injunction as being
conclusive of the merits of the plaintiffs’ case (see [17]).

26 In response, Mr Hanam pointed to the Court of Appeal decision in Su Sh-Hsyu
v Wee Yue Chew [2007] 3 SLR(R) 673 at [44] and submitted that the reason for a
party’s absence is the predominant consideration for the court in determining
whether a judgment entered at trial in the absence of that party ought to be
set aside. Further, among other relevant factors, the court would consider
whether the applicant in a setting aside application would have a real
prospect of success at trial.

27 Mr Hanam submitted that the plaintiffs had not addressed anything on
affidavit or in their written submissions to show that there were merits to
their claim. Mr Hanam further submitted that Mr Rajoo had made a deliberate
decision not to attend court while Mdm Devi had not filed any affidavit to
explain her reasons for absence. Lastly, he noted that Mr Singh’s medical
certificate was not valid for absence at the trial.

Issues to be determined

28 The following issues arose for my determination:

(a) whether there were good reasons for the plaintiffs’ and Mr Singh’s absence
at trial;

(b) whether the plaintiffs had an arguable case with a real prospect of
success; and

(c) whether the plaintiffs had applied promptly to set aside the judgment
dismissing their claim.

My decision

Issue 1: Whether there were good reasons for the plaintiffs’ and Mr Singh’s
absence at trial

Mr Rajoo’s reasons for absence at trial

29 I have set out Mr Rajoo’s account of his visits to KTPH, Woodlands
Polyclinic and TTSH earlier (at [14]–[15] above). While I did not doubt that
Mr Rajoo had multiple documented ailments, I found that the reasons he had
proffered for his absence at trial were unconvincing and contrived. I came to
this conclusion upon careful scrutiny of the contents of the various documents
he had exhibited in his affidavit.

30 To begin with, the two medical certificates Mr Rajoo tendered both stated
unequivocally that they were not valid for absence from court attendance. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at pp 11 and 20.

Evidently, he was not assessed by the examining doctors to have been so unwell
as to be unable to attend court. This would have sufficed to indicate that no
good reasons had been shown, but I would go further to note that Mr Rajoo had
obviously taken pains to highlight to the examining physician at Woodlands
Polyclinic that he was “[d]ue for court hearing on 11-12 Oct 2022”, as
recorded in the referral note to the TTSH Emergency Department. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at p 13.

Moreover, his vital signs appeared to be normal and he was alert. No
remarkable symptoms were reported. The TTSH referral note which was issued
upon Mr Rajoo’s discharge merely noted a primary diagnosis of “dehydration”,
consistent with him allegedly having vomited, apart from recording his past
medical history and current range of medical conditions. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at pp 15–16.

31 If indeed Mr Rajoo had genuinely been afflicted by severely debilitating
illness or had experienced serious physical discomfort after being discharged
from KTPH on 9 October 2022, it was odd that he was not warded for further
observation at TTSH beyond 11 October 2022. Instead, he was found well enough
to be discharged after being placed under what he described as “intense
observation” for less than seven hours. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at para 9 and p 20.

Most tellingly, the examining physician from the TTSH Emergency Department
ordered a referral to a General Practitioner or Polyclinic after having
recorded an observation that he was only “[v]ery [m]ildly [f]rail”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at p 15.

32 The fact that the TTSH medical certificate covered a shorter duration of
three days (11 to 13 October 2022) as compared to the seven-day duration in
the KTPH medical certificate (8 to 14 October 2022) was significant. The
three-day medical certificate issued by TTSH was telling; it served no purpose
at all since the three-day duration was wholly subsumed under the existing
seven-day medical certificate issued by KTPH. More importantly, despite the
referring physician from Woodlands Polyclinic having scrupulously noted Mr
Rajoo’s concern that he was “due for court hearing on 11-12 Oct 2022”, neither
Woodlands Polyclinic nor TTSH issued him any medical certificate excusing him
from court attendance.

33 In addition, I found it rather curious that although Mr Rajoo’s residential
address was stated in the polyclinic and hospital records as 645 Ang Mo Kio
Avenue 6, #08-4963, Singapore 560645, he chose to travel a not inconsiderable
distance to Woodlands Polyclinic on 10 October 2022, reportedly over a bout of
vomiting. He did not explain why there was any “compelling” reason for him to
do so, when he could conceivably have returned to KTPH or sought treatment at
another polyclinic or a general practitioner nearer his residence. He merely
asserted that as he had vomited and was “unwell”, he was compelled to visit
Woodlands Polyclinic.

34 It would appear that Mr Rajoo was more intent on either getting himself
hospitalised for an extended spell or seeking to obtain medical leave for a
longer duration and to be specifically excused from having to attend court. As
it transpired, none of these materialised. In the premises, I rejected Mr
Rajoo’s explanations for his absence at trial. I placed no weight on his
medical certificates. They clearly did not operate to excuse him from court
attendance and were obtained under questionable circumstances.

Mdm Devi’s reasons for absence at trial

35 Next, I consider the reasons for Mdm Devi’s absence. Put simply, Mdm Devi
had no medical certificate to excuse her from attending court. She did not
file any affidavit to attest to her medical conditions.

36 Mr Rajoo purported to speak on Mdm Devi’s behalf in claiming that she was
“unable to walk and in pain [and] on wheelchair” [sic]. He had misrepresented
in his affidavit that she was on “medical leave” when the documentation he
produced in support of this claim was not a medical certificate. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at para 10.

It was an unsigned note dated 10 October 2022 purportedly issued by one “Kok
Kuan TEO” from Woodlands Polyclinic. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at p 22.

The note was addressed to “whomever it may concern”, stating that Mdm Devi had
“a right knee osteoarthritis flare resulting in significant knee pain and
difficulty in walking” and “seek[ing] … understanding on this matter”. It was
not clear in what capacity the said “Kok Kuan TEO” had issued the note, or
whether he or she was a registered medical practitioner, let alone whether Mdm
Devi had even sought medical attention at the Woodlands Polyclinic on or
around 10 October 2022. As such, I placed no weight on the note.

37 Regrettably, as noted above (at [21]), Mr Singh chose to repeat Mr Rajoo’s
claim that Mdm Devi was on medical leave in his written submissions for SUM
3754. This claim was patently false. It was evident that Mr Singh was
knowingly misleading or attempting to mislead the court, both in the contents
of the affidavit he had drafted for Mr Rajoo’s affirmation and in his written
submissions.

Mr Singh’s reasons for absence at trial

38 Lastly, I address Mr Singh’s reasons for absenting himself at the trial. Mr
Singh did not have the basic courtesy to inform Mr Hanam and the court
beforehand that he was unwell (assuming for the moment that he was indeed
unwell). Instead, he was content to wait for the court to contact him to
ascertain why he was not present at the scheduled hearing time. His bland
response was that he had already informed his office that he was unwell and
would not be attending court. His office had made no apparent effort to
apprise Mr Hanam or the court of this at any point (see [8] above).

39 In any case, Mr Singh produced no basis other than his own say-so for the
court to excuse him from attending the trial. Mr Singh did not deem it fit to
affirm an affidavit to explain his absence and tender his own medical
certificate. Instead, he felt it was expedient to introduce his medical
certificate via Mr Rajoo’s affidavit. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mr Rajoo’s affidavit at p 23.

I placed no weight on the said medical certificate. Not unlike Mr Rajoo’s two
medical certificates, Mr Singh’s medical certificate stated in no uncertain
terms that it was “not valid for absence from court or other judicial
proceedings”.

Supreme Court Practice Directions and counsel’s professional duties

40 In seeking to rely on the various medical certificates to excuse himself
and Mr Rajoo from attending court on 11 October 2022, Mr Singh had failed to
comply with the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 ("Supreme Court PD”),
in particular Practice Direction No 89 – “Absence from Court on medical
grounds”, which requires that original medical certificates must be tendered
to explain a party or counsel’s absence from court. In addition, the medical
certificate(s) must contain a statement to the effect that the person in
question is “unfit to attend Court”. The medical certificate must therefore
expressly state that it is valid for absence from court proceedings. It must
also contain a diagnosis of the person concerned (unless the diagnosis cannot
or should not normally be disclosed). None of these requirements were met in
the present case. Mr Singh’s complete and utter disregard of the Practice
Directions meant that the medical certificates were of absolutely no
assistance to him or his clients.

41 I have alluded to the dubious circumstances under which Mr Rajoo’s medical
certificates were obtained. It is well-established that the courts will insist
on a strict approach towards both the parties’ and counsel’s absence from
court proceedings. In this connection, the observations by Steven Chong J (as
he then was) in Ching Chew Weng Paul, deceased, and others v Ching Pui Sim and
others [2011] 3 SLR 869 at [14] as cited by Mr Hanam are apposite – absence
from trial due to personal reasons or difficulties would not necessarily
prevent the court from finding that the absence was nonetheless deliberate. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s submissions dated 21 October 2022 (“DS”) at para 3.

42 I should highlight that Mr Singh had also potentially contravened his
duties under the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct Rules) 2015 (“PCR
2015”). At a prima facie level, he could have been in breach of r 7 of the PCR
2015, for failing to act with courtesy and fairness in omitting to keep Mr
Hanam apprised of his intended non-attendance in court, both for the trial on
11 October 2022 and for SUM 3754 on 27 October 2022. He had also failed to
ensure that appropriate arrangements were made timeously for the matters to be
heard in his absence. In so doing, he had demonstrated gross discourtesy to
his opposing counsel and disrespect for the authority of the court. On the
same facts, he could also have potentially been in breach of r 13 of the PCR
2015, for failing to demonstrate adequate respect and courtesy to the court.

43 In addition, Mr Singh could also have been prima facie in breach of r
9(2)(a) of the PCR 2015 in misrepresenting in his written submissions that Mdm
Devi was on medical leave when she was not. He was knowingly misleading or
attempting to mislead the court. Furthermore, he had drafted an affidavit
which was affirmed by Mr Rajoo containing the same misrepresentation (that Mdm
Devi was on medical leave). This could also have demonstrated a prima facie
breach of r 9(2)(g) of the PCR 2015, as it could amount to concocting evidence
or contriving a fact which was untrue.

Issue 2: Whether the plaintiffs had an arguable case with a real prospect of
success

44 The only argument put forward by Mr Singh in his written submissions
touching on the merits of the plaintiffs’ claim was that the plaintiffs had
obtained an injunction compelling the defendant to pay into court the amount
of $100,000. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DS at para 15.

I was not persuaded that this would suffice by itself to demonstrate that the
claim had a real prospect of success. In any event, the court had ordered a
payment into court of a reduced portion of the disputed sum of $300,000 and
this order was made at the preliminary stage of the proceedings, well before
the parties’ affidavits of evidence-in-chief and any supporting documents had
been filed for the purpose of the trial.

45 The Statement of Claim suggests that the claim was premised on promissory
estoppel and not proprietary estoppel, contrary to what the plaintiffs
asserted in their Reply and Defence to Counterclaim and Opening Statement for
the trial. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim at para 9; Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement at
para 1.

The plaintiffs did not put forth any objective evidence in support of their
allegations that representations were made by the defendant to permit them to
occupy the Flat during their lifetime. The plaintiffs also did not adduce any
reliable evidence to show that the fair market value of the Flat was allegedly
$650,000 in 2009 when the Flat was sold to the defendant.

46 The plaintiffs may have been named as permitted occupiers in the Flat but
this would not necessarily demonstrate that the defendant must have made
representations to the effect that they could stay in the Flat during their
lifetime. Their status as permitted occupiers did not confer on them any
proprietary interest as claimed.

47 Further, there was no objective evidence of any reliance or detriment
suffered by the plaintiffs. Despite their claims of having paid for renovation
and maintenance expenses for the Flat, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC at para 9.

there was no evidence of any invoices or receipts for such payments.

48 As for the plaintiffs’ claim for $60,000 being the repayment of moneys
extended to the defendant to help clear her debts prior to her purchase of the
Flat in 2009, it was pleaded by the defendant in para 4(d) of the Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) that the claim is time-barred under the
Limitation Act 1959 (2020 Rev Ed) ("Limitation Act"). The plaintiffs did not
put forth any response to this in their Reply and Defence to Counterclaim. It
is manifestly clear that this claim is time-barred under s 6 of the Limitation
Act after 2015.

49 In all the circumstances, I found that the plaintiffs did not have a good
arguable case with a real prospect of success.

Issue 3: Whether the plaintiffs had applied promptly to set aside the judgment
dismissing their claim

50 There was no question that the plaintiffs had applied promptly to set aside
the dismissal of their claim. Perhaps the plaintiffs had found themselves in a
Catch-22 situation of having to file the setting aside application
expeditiously in spite of their alleged ailments.

51 What was highly telling however was that despite their alleged poor state
of health, both Mr Singh and Mr Rajoo were well enough to arrange to prepare
the affidavit for the application on the very same day that the claim was
dismissed, and have it affirmed and filed with supporting documents annexed.
All this was done barely 12 hours after I dismissed the claim. This greatly
undermined their claims that they were so ill that they could not even be
present in court for the trial.

Conclusion

52 This was a highly unusual case where the plaintiffs must have decided that
they would not attend court on the scheduled trial date. Mr Singh’s absence at
the trial was also questionable. No effort whatsoever was made to inform Mr
Hanam or the court beforehand, or to arrange for another solicitor to mention
the matter on his behalf and to explain the circumstances for his and his
clients’ absence at trial. I did not accept that the circumstances were beyond
the plaintiffs’ or Mr Singh’s control, or that they were in such poor health
or incapacitated to a point that they could not attend the trial.

53 The only inference I could draw was that the plaintiffs, for reasons best
known to themselves, did not wish to be present for the trial. They were not
serious about prosecuting their claim, and must have known that the claim was
unmeritorious. It was clear that they had deliberately absented themselves to
cause further inconvenience to the defendant, add to the defendant’s legal
costs and frustrate and protract the proceedings. This was a flagrant abuse of
the court’s process.

54 For the reasons stated above at [42]–[43], this might have been a suitable
case to consider initiating disciplinary action for Mr Singh’s possible
breaches of the PCR 2015. I would however stop short of doing so. I take the
opportunity instead to sound a warning that such conduct is unacceptable and
unbecoming of an officer of the court. Should the court encounter future
similar infractions whether from Mr Singh or other like-minded counsel, these
may be met with grave consequences.

55 I found that no good reasons had been furnished for both Mr Singh’s and his
clients’ absence. The plaintiffs had failed to show that they had an arguable
case with a real prospect of success at trial. Accordingly, I saw no basis to
set aside my decision to dismiss the claim in their absence. I awarded the
costs of the application in SUM 3754 to the defendant fixed at $4,000,
inclusive of disbursements.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Mohan Singh s/o Gurdial Singh (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) and Tan Wei Chieh
(Chen Weijie) (Prestige Legal LLP) (instructed)

for the plaintiffs;

Andrew John Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Nov 2022 (14:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

