Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 7

Suit No 307 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeal No 246 of 2021)

Between

(1)| Debenho Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Low Teck Dee  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Envy Global Trading Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Yu Zhi  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Stay of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Debenho Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Envy Global Trading Pte Ltd and another

[2022] SGHC 7

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 307 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeal
No 246 of 2021)  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
26 October 2021

14 January 2022 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 In this matter, the defendant seeks to stay a civil suit that has been
brought against him on the ground, amongst others, that he also faces criminal
charges arising out of the same facts, and that he will be prejudiced if both
the civil suit and criminal case proceed concurrently. He argues he enjoys the
right of silence and the privilege against self-incrimination, both of which
will be infringed if the civil suit is not stayed. He also argues that he will
be compelled to reveal his defence to the criminal charges in the civil suit,
and that would give the Prosecution a significant advantage that they would
not otherwise have. This stay application thus engages the legal principles
that are applicable when the court has to decide whether civil proceedings
should be permitted to proceed in the usual course, when there are at the same
time pending criminal proceedings, faced by the defendant, that arise out of
the same factual matrix.

The parties

2 The first plaintiff, Debenho Pte Ltd (“Debenho”), is a company in the
business of building construction. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1.

The second plaintiff, Low Teck Dee (“Mr Low”), is the managing director of
Debenho. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 2.

3 The first defendant is Envy Global Trading Pte Ltd (“EGT”). The second
defendant, Ng Yu Zhi (“Mr Ng”), was a director of EGT. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 4.

EGT is a wholly owned subsidiary of Envy Management Holdings Pte Ltd (“EMH”),
in which Mr Ng is an 80% shareholder. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Low Teck Dee (“Low’s Affidavit”) at pp 28-29.

Background

The nickel trading investment scheme

4 Starting from January 2016, Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd (“EAM”), a company
in which Mr Ng is a 90% shareholder, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Low’s Affidavit at p 30.

offered to investors an investment scheme involving physical nickel trading.
Investors would place monies with EAM for the purported purpose of investing
in London Metal Exchange (“LME”) grade nickel. EAM would then use investor
monies to purchase LME grade nickel at a discounted price from sellers, before
then selling it on to buyers at a higher price. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Low’s Affidavit at p 40.

On the maturity date of their investments, the investors would then be
entitled to returns, which would be based on the spread between the discounted
purchase price and the subsequent sale price of the LME grade nickel. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Low’s affidavit at p 40.

Investors were also told that their monies were transferred to Envy Asset
Management Trading Ltd (“EAMT”), a British Virgin Islands-incorporated company
wholly owned by Mr Ng, that was responsible for making payment to the sellers
and/or receiving the sale proceeds from the buyers on behalf of EAM. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Low’s affidavit at p 40.

5 In or around March 2020, the Monetary Authority of Singapore placed EAM on
the Investor Alert List and its business was thereafter transferred to EGT in
or around June 2020. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Low’s affidavit at p 28.

From April 2020 onwards, the nickel trading investment scheme also came to be
offered by EGT instead of EAM. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Low’s affidavit at p 40.

By this time, EGT’s investors no longer invested directly in LME grade nickel,
but instead purchased a portion of the receivable that was due from buyers who
purportedly purchased LME grade nickel from EGT. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Low’s affidavit at p 39.

The suit

6 The plaintiffs were two such investors in EGT’s nickel trading investment
scheme. From November 2020 to January 2021, they entered into a total of five
contracts with EGT for the purchase of a portion of EGT’s trade receivables
that were purportedly due from one Raffemet Pte Ltd (“Raffemet”), which was
supposedly a buyer of nickel from EGT. Two of these contracts involved Debenho
- one in November 2020 and another in December 2020; while three of them
involved Mr Low - one in November 2020, another in December 2020 and a third
in January 2021 (separately, “the Contract” and collectively, “the
Contracts”). The plaintiffs claim they were informed by the defendants that
the trade receivables underlying each of the Contracts represented the net
purchase price that was payable by Raffemet under a corresponding contract for
the purchase of LME grade nickel from EGT that was entered into within the
same month as each of the Contracts. The plaintiffs were informed of three
such contracts between EGT and Raffemet by the defendants - one in November
2020, another in December 2020, and a third in January 2021 (collectively,
“the Corresponding Contracts”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at paras 7, 14 and 20.

7 In total, the plaintiffs collectively paid $20,108,944.95 as the purchase
prices under the Contracts to EGT. Each of the Contracts allegedly provided
for the plaintiffs’ entitlement to receive a specified percentage of “any and
all net amounts received or recovered by EGT from Raffemet” pursuant to the
Corresponding Contracts, and that EGT was to remit to the plaintiffs their
return within ten business days after EGT’s receipt of payment from Raffemet.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at paras 8(c)-(d), 11(c)-(d), 15(c)-(d), 17(c)-(d) and 21(c)-(d).

8 The plaintiffs claim that EGT had informed them that they had earned net
profits of approximately 17% of their purchase price in connection with the
Contracts for November and December 2020 (“the Profits”), and that they were
entitled to the repayment of their purchase price and the Profits within ten
business days upon them making a request to EGT. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at paras 23 and 30.

The plaintiffs duly made the request, which they say was acknowledged by EGT,
but payment of those sums was never forthcoming, even after their solicitors
sent letters of demand to EGT. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at paras 25-29 and 31-35.

9 The plaintiffs claim that they dealt solely with Mr Ng in relation to each
of the Contracts, that Mr Ng “was and is the controlling mind and alter ego of
EGT”, and that the Contracts were “authorised, directed and/or procured” by Mr
Ng. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 36.

The plaintiffs also claim that Mr Ng (who was acting for and on behalf of EGT)
either himself or through his agents made representations to them about EGT
and Raffemet entering into each of the Corresponding Contracts at the material
times (namely, November 2020, December 2020 and January 2021) and that the
Corresponding Contracts were valid and binding agreements between EGT and
Raffemet (“the Representations”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at para 37.

10 The plaintiffs claim that the Representations were false as they later
discovered that none of the Corresponding Contracts ever existed, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at para 39.

and that Mr Ng had made the Representations fraudulently, with the knowledge
that they were false, or in reckless disregard of whether they were true. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at para 40.

The plaintiffs also claim that they had entered into the Contracts and made
payment of the purchase price of approximately $20.1m in reliance on the truth
of the Representations. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at para 38.

11 The plaintiffs commenced the present suit on 31 March 2021 and made claims
against EGT and, in the alternative, against Mr Ng. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at pp 19–20.

(a) As against EGT, on account of its breach of contract, the plaintiffs
claim: (i) the return of the purchase price paid under the Contracts for
November and December 2020; (ii) payment of the Profits due under the
Contracts for November and December 2020; and (iii) the repayment of the
purchase price paid under the Contract for January 2021. In the alternative,
the plaintiffs seek the rescission of the Contracts on account of the
Representations, which they say were false and were fraudulently made by EGT
and/or Mr Ng, and the return of the total purchase price paid under all of the
Contracts, or damages for misrepresentation to be paid by EGT to the
plaintiffs.

(b) As against Mr Ng, on account of his “personal liability to the
[p]laintiffs for directing, authorising and/or procuring EGT’s fraud”, the
plaintiffs claim the return of the total purchase price paid under all of the
Contracts or damages for misrepresentation to be paid by Mr Ng to the
plaintiffs.

12 EGT entered an appearance in the suit but (for reasons that will be
explained later) did not file its defence. Mr Ng entered an appearance in the
suit and filed his defence on 4 May 2021. It is not necessary for present
purposes to consider Mr Ng’s defence in detail, but it suffices to note the
following: (a) he avers that the plaintiffs dealt with one Jordan Chua (and
not him) in relation to the Contracts; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence of the 2nd Defendant (Amendment No 1) (“Defence”) at paras 5(a) and 9.

(b) he denied making or being liable for the Representations; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence at para 10(a).

(c) alternatively, he denied making the Representations fraudulently; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence at para 11(b).

and (d) he had reasonable grounds to believe and did believe that the
Representations were true. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence at para 11(c).

Mr Ng later made some amendments to his defence on 2 June 2021, the details of
which are immaterial for present purposes. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Yu Zhi (“Ng’s 1st Affidavit”) at para 30.

Interim judicial management and subsequent winding up of EGT

13 On 27 April 2021, the court ordered EGT to be placed under interim judicial
management. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 10.

EGT’s interim judicial managers issued a report on 25 May 2021 (“the IJM
Report”) to inform the court and EGT’s creditors of the prospects of EGT
achieving the purposes of judicial management.

14 The IJM Report stated that the nickel trading investment scheme was a
complete fiction as EAM and EGT never made any purchase of nickel from any
sellers, nor did they enter into any transaction for the sale of nickel to any
buyers like Raffemet. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Low’s Affidavit at p 41.

While EGT did enter into a series of contracts for the sale of nickel to
Raffemet between August and September 2020, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Low’s Affidavit at p 46.

these transactions relate to shipments of nickel, which the IJMs opined had
been procured from Raffemet by EGT in the first place for the specific purpose
of being shown to investors and hence was unrelated to the nickel trading
investment scheme. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Low’s Affidavit at pp 45-48 and paras 9(a)-9(d).

Accordingly, this meant that none of the Corresponding Contracts, which are
the subject of the Representations the plaintiffs claim were made by Mr Ng,
ever existed. The IJM Report also stated that investor monies were never
transferred to EAMT, but instead to two Singapore bank accounts. Mr Ng was the
holder of at least one, if not both accounts. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Low’s Affidavit at p 41.

The interim judicial management order was thereafter discharged, and EGT was
later wound up by the court on 16 August 2021 following an application by its
interim judicial managers on the basis that it was hopelessly insolvent. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2nd Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 6(b); Plaintiff’s Written
Submissions (“PWS”) at para 6(b).

15 The effect of the interim judicial management order and the subsequent
liquidation of EGT meant that the suit as against EGT has been stayed since 27
April 2021, and the plaintiffs are no longer able to pursue their claims in
the suit against EGT without first obtaining leave of court to do so. To date,
the plaintiffs have not sought leave to do so. Indeed, as explained below, the
plaintiffs have undertaken, through their counsel, that they will not pursue
such leave (see [20] and [32] below).

The Criminal Proceedings against Mr Ng

16 On 22 March 2021, Mr Ng was charged with two counts of cheating under s 420
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) for allegedly
deceiving two parties (who were not the plaintiffs) to pay at least $48m in
connection with purchasing a portion of the receivables under EGT’s sale and
purchase contracts with Raffemet, when no such contracts actually existed. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Low’s Affidavit at p 109.

On 20 April 2021, Mr Ng was charged with five more similar counts of cheating
involving five other individuals. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Low’s Affidavit at p 116.

By 23 June 2021, Mr Ng had been charged with 15 counts of cheating, two counts
of forgery under s 465 of the Penal Code and two further counts of fraudulent
trading under s 340(5) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Low’s Affidavit at pp 132-133.

17 At the time of the hearing before me, Mr Ng faced a total of 70 criminal
charges. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 2 lines 31-32.

I was informed by counsel for Mr Ng that, of these 70 charges, 49 were
cheating charges under s 420 of the Penal Code involving 49 separate alleged
victims. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 3 line 2.

Two of these cheating charges allege that Mr Ng had cheated Mr Low (the 16th
charge) and Debenho (the 17th charge) (collectively “the Charges”) by
deceiving them into believing that they were purchasing a portion of the
receivables which EGT was to receive from Raffemet under the Corresponding
Contracts, a fact which Mr Ng knew to be false, and which induced Mr Low and
Debenho to enter into the Contracts and pay the purchase prices, which they
otherwise would not have done had they not been so deceived. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 12.

The Charges were preferred against Mr Ng on 14 May 2021. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Low’s Affidavit at pp 123-124.

18 The news reports annexed to Mr Low’s affidavit filed for these proceedings
state that Mr Ng is out on bail (and he remains so, as I understand from his
counsel at the hearing before me) in the amount of $1.5m. These reports also
state that he has been ordered by the court to wear an electronic tag and
comply with a 10.00pm to 6.00am curfew, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Low’s Affidavit at pp 111 and 121.

and further, that the alleged fraud to which Mr Ng was linked now involved
more than $1bn. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Low’s Affidavit at p 120.

The Stay Application

19 On 11 June 2021, Mr Ng applied in Summons No 2756 of 2021 for the suit as
against him to be stayed (“the Stay Application”) pending: (a) the final
outcome of any application that the plaintiffs may make for leave to continue
the suit against EGT; and (b) the final determination of the criminal
proceedings in relation to the Charges (“the Criminal Proceedings”), including
any appeals. The basis for (a) was that both the plaintiffs’ claims against
EGT and against Mr Ng were inextricably linked and, as such, the suit against
Mr Ng should be stayed on case management grounds to avoid the risk of
inconsistent findings. In other words, Mr Ng’s position is that the claim
against him should not proceed unless it is clear that the plaintiffs will not
be permitted to proceed with their claim against EGT. The basis for (b) was
that there is a real danger that Mr Ng may be prejudiced in the Criminal
Proceedings if the suit was heard before the former given that it involves the
same subject matter as the suit. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 17(b).

20 An assistant registrar (“AR”) heard the Stay Application on 12 August 2021.
Following the hearing, the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to court on 18 August
2021 to confirm that the plaintiffs would not be filing any application for
leave to continue the suit as against EGT which, two days earlier, had been
ordered to be wound up. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PWS at para 6(c).

21 The AR delivered her decision on 19 August 2021. She dismissed the Stay
Application. In relation to the application for a stay on the basis that the
claims against the two defendants were linked, the AR held that there was
little risk of a multiplicity of proceedings to justify a stay. This was
because the plaintiffs had confirmed that they would not be applying for leave
to continue the suit against EGT (see [20] above). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Notes of Argument before AR Janice Wong, 19 Aug, p 2.

In relation to the application for a stay because of the Criminal Proceedings,
the AR held that Mr Ng had not shown that there was a real danger of injustice
in the Criminal Proceedings if the suit was not stayed. This was because it
was not known whether the Prosecution will ultimately proceed to trial on the
Charges out of the many charges that Mr Ng faces. Also, there was no clarity
as to when the trial in the Criminal Proceedings will take place. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Notes of Argument before AR Janice Wong, 19 Aug, p 3.

The Registrar’s Appeal

22 Mr Ng appealed against the AR’s decision (“the Registrar’s Appeal”). The
arguments at the appeal first dealt with whether a stay should be granted
until there was clarity as to the plaintiffs’ intentions to either proceed or
not proceed against EGT. Counsel for Mr Ng argued that the plaintiffs’ claims
against EGT and Mr Ng are inextricably linked, raise the same issues, and will
rely on the same evidence. Counsel submitted that the court can only make a
finding that Mr Ng is personally liable if it first makes a finding that EGT
has committed fraud. That is because the plaintiffs have pleaded that Mr Ng is
liable on account of him directing, authorising and/or procuring EGT’s fraud
(see [11(b)] above). As such, if the court finds that EGT had not acted
fraudulently, then the entire premise of the plaintiffs’ claims against Mr Ng
falls away because there would be nothing that he could be personally liable
for. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS at para 148.

If the claims against EGT and Mr Ng were dealt with in separate proceedings,
with the claim against Mr Ng proceeding first, there might be a risk of
inconsistent findings and conflicting decisions, eg, if Mr Ng is found liable
for fraudulent misrepresentation, but in later proceedings, EGT is found not
liable for any fraud. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 2 lines 5-14; DWS at paras 101, 110 and 127.

Thus, counsel argues that the claim against Mr Ng should be stayed until such
time it is made clear that the plaintiffs will not be allowed to proceed with
the claim against EGT, ie, when any application by the plaintiffs for leave to
proceed with their claim against EGT is dismissed.

23 In reply, counsel for the plaintiffs submits that, even though their claims
against EGT and Mr Ng arise from the same background facts, they are in fact
separate and distinct, with each having their own separate issues to be tried.
Hence, counsel argues that the proper ventilation of issues in the plaintiffs’
claim against Mr Ng is not dependent on the resolution of issues in the
plaintiffs’ claim against EGT. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PWS at para 26.

In any event, counsel also argues that there is no real risk of overlapping
issues and inconsistent decisions that weighs in favour of a stay because of
his confirmation, as set out in Fullerton Law Chambers’ letter of 18 August
2021 to the court, that the plaintiffs will not be filing any application for
leave to continue their claim against EGT, given that the company is now in
liquidation (see [20] above). At the hearing before me, counsel also informed
me that he will state “on the record” that the plaintiffs will not be making
any application to continue with the claim against EGT, whether now or in the
future. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 5 lines 29-32; PWS at para 27.

24 I come now to the arguments in relation to the application for a stay until
the final determination of the Criminal Proceedings. Counsel for Mr Ng argues
that his client will suffer a real danger of prejudice in the Criminal
Proceedings if the suit is not stayed. This arises in two ways. First, given
that the elements of the fraudulent misrepresentation claim against Mr Ng are
almost identical to what the Prosecution has to prove in respect of the
Charges, if the suit is allowed to proceed, Mr Ng would be required to give
evidence on matters which he would raise or rely upon in his defence in the
Criminal Proceedings, thereby undermining his right of silence and his
privilege against self-incrimination. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 2 lines 26-31; DWS at paras 40-41.

Second, if Mr Ng has to give evidence in the suit before the Criminal
Proceedings are tried, he would be required to disclose the same evidence that
he will later rely on in his defence in the Criminal Proceedings, as well as
reveal the identity of the witnesses that he will call and the questions which
his lawyers might put to the Prosecution’s witnesses in cross-examination, at
a time when he does not yet know what the Prosecution’s case against him will
be. That will give the Prosecution an unfair advantage in the Criminal
Proceedings as it now has an opportunity to watch a “test run” of its case
and, if necessary, improve upon it. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 3 lines 8-15; DWS at para 39-46.

25 Counsel for Mr Ng also points to other factors in favour of a stay until
the Criminal Proceedings are completed. First, if the suit is not stayed, Mr
Ng will face the huge burden and strain of having to defend both criminal and
civil proceedings concurrently. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 3 lines 14-15; DWS at para 49.

Second, there is nothing in the circumstances which would militate against the
grant of a stay since the plaintiffs will suffer no more than the frustration
of delay, which is per se not a sufficient reason for the refusal of a stay,
once it has been shown that there is a real danger of prejudice to Mr Ng in
the Criminal Proceedings if the suit were to proceed. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 4 lines 11-12; DWS at para 50–53.

26 In reply, the plaintiffs submit that Mr Ng has failed to show that there is
a real danger of prejudice to him in the Criminal Proceedings if the suit is
allowed to proceed. In particular, since Mr Ng has already filed his defence
in the suit, counsel submits that it is difficult to see how any further
evidence adduced in support Mr Ng’s case in the suit would cause prejudice to
him in the Criminal Proceedings. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 6 lines 7-10; PWS at paras 43(c) and 47.

The plaintiffs also point to the uncertainty in the progress of the Criminal
Proceedings and the potentially indefinite delay they may suffer in pursuing
their rather substantial claim against Mr Ng if the suit is stayed. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 6 lines 1-5.

Issues to be determined

27 There are thus two main issues in the Registrar’s Appeal: (a) whether the
suit should be stayed until any application by the plaintiffs to proceed with
their claims against EGT has been determined; and/or (b) whether the suit
should be stayed until the final determination of the Criminal Proceedings,
including any appeals arising therefrom.

The claim against EGT

28 The court may, pursuant to its inherent jurisdiction to manage its own
internal processes, grant a limited stay of proceedings on case management
grounds with a view to ensuring the efficient and fair resolution of the
dispute as a whole (Rex International Holding Ltd and another v Gulf Hibiscus
Ltd [2019] 2 SLR 682 at [16]; BNP Paribas Wealth Management v Jacob Agam and
another [2017] 3 SLR 27 at [35]). One circumstance in which such a case
management stay ought to be granted is where there are separate legal
proceedings giving rise to a real risk of overlapping issues so that the
proper ventilation of the issues in one set of proceedings depends on the
resolution of the related proceedings (Rex at [11]).

29 In this case, I accept that there is an overlap in issues in the
plaintiffs’ claims as against EGT and Mr Ng. As set out earlier, the
plaintiffs’ alternative claim against EGT is the rescission of the Contracts
on the ground that EGT and/or Mr Ng made the Representations fraudulently (see
[11(a)] above). As a company, EGT can only act through its officers and/or
persons authorised to represent it. According to the plaintiffs’ pleaded case,
Mr Ng was their sole point of contact when they entered into each of the
Contracts, and Mr Ng was also solely responsible for the Representations. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOC at paras 5 and 36(a).

It therefore follows that EGT can only be found to have made the
Representations fraudulently if Mr Ng did so. In these circumstances, the
issue of whether Mr Ng had made the Representations and whether he had done so
fraudulently, which arises in respect of the plaintiffs’ claim against Mr Ng
(see [11(b)] above), will also be an issue in the plaintiffs’ claim against
EGT. The plaintiffs submit that there is no overlap between both claims
because their claim against EGT is one for breach of contract, while that
against Mr Ng is one for fraudulent misrepresentation. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PWS at para 26.

I cannot agree with that submission as it is an inaccurate characterisation of
the plaintiffs’ claim against EGT and overlooks what the plaintiffs are
seeking in their statement of claim against EGT in the alternative, ie,
rescission of the Contracts, which is ultimately premised on Mr Ng first being
found to have made the Representations fraudulently.

30 Be that as it may, I find that a case management stay ought not be granted
for two reasons. First, this is not a case where the proper ventilation of
issues in the plaintiffs’ claim against Mr Ng is dependent on the resolution
of the plaintiffs’ claim against EGT. Since EGT can only act through its
officers and/or persons authorised to represent it, it can only be found to
have committed fraud on the plaintiffs if Mr Ng (whom the plaintiffs say was
solely responsible for the Representations and their sole point of contact for
each of the Contracts) had acted fraudulently. Any finding that EGT has
committed fraud will therefore be dependent on Mr Ng first being found liable
for fraudulently making the Representations. In other words, Mr Ng’s and EGT’s
liability for fraud will be co-extensive if the plaintiffs’ case is made out.

31 Indeed, the plaintiffs go further and say they seek to pierce EGT’s
corporate veil in their claim against Mr Ng to hold him liable for “directing,
authorising and/or procuring EGT’s fraud”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PWS at para 22.

As such, I do not find that there are issues in the plaintiffs’ claim against
Mr Ng which depend on the resolution of the plaintiffs’ claim against EGT. The
reality is that, if a finding is made that Mr Ng had acted fraudulently in
making the Representations, it will follow that EGT will also be found to have
acted fraudulently in respect of the Contracts. As such, if there is any
possible complaint about the plaintiffs’ claim against Mr Ng proceeding in
this suit, it should be from the liquidators of EGT that they might be
prejudiced if the claim against EGT proceeds later. That will, of course,
depend on the liquidators’ assessment as to whether EGT has a good defence to
the plaintiffs’ claim. But no complaint thus far has been raised by EGT’s
liquidators that the court might make inconsistent findings of fact if the
claim against Mr Ng were to proceed first, and then later against EGT.

32 Second, and more critically, counsel for the plaintiffs has already
confirmed at the hearing before me that they will not proceed against EGT,
whether now or in the future. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 5.

That being the case, it means that there can be no real risk of overlapping
issues because the suit now only involves the plaintiffs’ claim against Mr Ng.
Counsel for Mr Ng pointed out at the hearing that the plaintiffs should then
discontinue their claim against EGT. I think that consequence does flow from
the plaintiffs’ confirmation that they will not proceed with the suit against
EGT. Hence, I hereby direct the plaintiffs to take steps to discontinue their
action against EGT and amend their statement of claim accordingly.

The impact of the Criminal Proceedings

33 It was once a rule of the common law that the court would stay a civil
action when criminal prosecutions arising out of the same events or subject
matter were also pending (see, eg, Smith and wife v Selwyn [1914] 3 KB 98
(“Smith v Selwyn”) at 106; Wells v Abrahams (1872) 7 QB 554 at 557, referred
to in Velstra Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Dexia Bank Belgium [2003] 4 SLR(R)
592 (“Velstra”) at [18]). This was the result of an inaptly named “felonious
tort rule”, which provided that, where injuries are inflicted on an individual
under circumstances which constitute a felony, that felony cannot be made the
foundation of a civil action at the suit of the person injured against the
person who inflicted the injuries, until the latter has been prosecuted or a
reasonable excuse shown for his non-prosecution (Smith v Selwyn at 105). The
apparent justification for that rule was the policy of requiring an injured
party to bring serious offenders before the criminal courts before the injured
party claims compensation for infringement of his private interests at a time
when the prosecution of offences was still largely left to private persons
(see Wonder Heat Pty Ltd v Bishop [1960] VR 489 at 491-492). With the
abolition of the distinction between felonies and misdemeanours in English law
and various other common law jurisdictions, and with the prosecution of
serious offences now in the hands of state authorities, the “felonious tort
rule” has since been superseded (McMahon v Gould (1982) 7 ACLR 202 (“McMahon”)
at 204; Panton and others v Financial Institutions Services Ltd [2003] UKPC 86
(“Panton”) at [7]). Given that our system of criminal law has been based on
the Penal Code (which draws no distinction between felonies and
misdemeanours), it is quite possible that rule would never have been part of
the common law as it applied in Singapore or would have ceased to be part of
the common law in Singapore at least since 16 September 1872, when the Straits
Settlements Penal Code (SS Ord No 4 of 1871) came into force.

34 In any case, the modern approach at common law is to approach the matter
not as a rule, but a question of a judicial discretion as to whether to stay
civil proceedings, and which is to be exercised after weighing various
competing considerations (see Panton at [6]-[7]). The court may stay the civil
proceedings if it is of the view that the balance of justice so requires,
having regard to the concurrent criminal proceedings and taking into account
the defendant’s right of silence which he enjoys in those proceedings, as well
as after due consideration of the plaintiff’s prima facie entitlement to have
his action proceed in the ordinary course of procedure and business of the
court. These principles were first set out by Megaw LJ in Jefferson Ltd v
Bhetcha [1979] 1 WLR 898 (“Jefferson Ltd”) at 904-905, an English Court of
Appeal decision. They were endorsed and applied by the New South Wales Supreme
Court in McMahon (at 206) and have come to become known in Australian case law
as the “McMahon guidelines” (see, eg, Construction, Forestry, Mining and
Energy Union and others v Australian Competition and Consumer Commission
[2016] FCAFC 97 at [26] and [58]). They were also referred to with approval by
MPH Rubin J in Velstra (at [19]).

35 The burden is on the defendant to show that there is a real danger that the
continuance of the civil action against him will result in injustice in the
criminal proceedings, so that it is just and convenient that the plaintiff’s
ordinary rights of having his claim heard and decided are interfered with
(Jefferson Ltd at 905). It will not suffice for the defendant to merely point
to notional dangers (Balfron Trustees Ltd v Peterson and others (No 2) [2001]
Lexis Citation 1677 at [23]; Jefferson Ltd at 905).

36 In Jefferson Ltd, Megaw LJ considered the following factors as relevant in
determining whether there was such “real danger” of injustice to the
defendant: (a) the possibility that the civil action might obtain such
publicity as to influence jurors and deprive the defendant of a fair trial;
(b) the proximity in time of the trial of the criminal proceedings to the
trial of the civil action; (c) where the disclosure of the defence in the
civil action by an accused enables the fabrication of evidence by Prosecution
witnesses or interference with Defence witnesses, resulting in a miscarriage
of justice in the criminal proceedings (at 905). In McMahon, Wootten J added
to this list the following factors that the court should consider: (a) the
burden on the defendant of preparing for both sets of proceedings
concurrently; (b) whether the defendant has already disclosed his defence to
the allegations; (c) the conduct of the defendant, such as his own prior
invocation of the civil process when it had suited him (at 206).

The defendant’s right of silence and privilege against self-incrimination

37 If a civil action is not stayed, the defendant may eventually have to give
evidence on matters relating to the concurrent criminal proceedings, in
respect of which he may have enjoyed the right of silence and the privilege
against self-incrimination. It is therefore important to consider if the
continuance of a civil action will undermine these protections and constitute
a real danger of injustice to the defendant in the criminal proceedings, and
thus justify a stay of the civil action.

38 I begin by considering what these protections are. The right of silence is
a compendious term encompassing several manifestations, as identified by Lord
Mustill in R v Director of Serious Fraud Office, Ex parte Smith [1993] AC 1
(“Smith”) at 30, which were referred to by M Karthigesu JA with approval in
Taw Cheng Kong v Public Prosecutor [1998] 1 SLR(R) 78 (“Taw Cheng Kong”) at
[122]:

(1) A general immunity, possessed by all persons and bodies, from being
compelled on pain of punishment to answer questions posed by other persons or
bodies.

(2) A general immunity, possessed by all persons and bodies, from being
compelled on pain of punishment to answer questions the answers to which may
incriminate them.

(3) A specific immunity, possessed by all persons under suspicion of criminal
responsibility whilst being interviewed by police officers or others in
similar positions of authority, from being compelled on pain of punishment to
answer questions of any kind.

(4) A specific immunity, possessed by accused persons undergoing trial, from
being compelled to give evidence, and from being compelled to answer questions
put to them in the dock.

(5) A specific immunity, possessed by persons who have been charged with a
criminal offence, from having questions material to the offence addressed to
them by police officers or persons in a similar position of authority.

(6) A specific immunity … possessed by accused persons undergoing trial, from
having adverse comment made on any failure (a) to answer questions before the
trial, or (b) to give evidence at the trial.

39 As the above will suggest, the common law right of silence is generally
concerned with the legal right of a person to remain silent in the face of
compulsory questioning and/or to elect not to give evidence in his own defence
against a criminal charge, and the evidential immunity from having adverse
inferences drawn against him from such silence (see generally, A R N Cross,
“The Right to Silence and the Presumption of Innocence - Sacred Cows or
Safeguards of Liberty?” (1970) 11:2 J Soc’y Pub Tchrs L 66; Steven Greer, “The
Right to Silence: A Review of the Current Debate” (1990) 53(6) Modern Law
Review 709; Colin Tapper, Cross and Tapper on Evidence (Oxford University
Press, 12th Ed, 2010) (“Cross and Tapper”) at p 646). As Lord Mustill also
recognised in Smith, these manifestations can be encroached upon or modified
by statute (at 30). For instance, the immunity in (6) is not part of Singapore
law: see s 261(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the
CPC”), which sets out the court’s power to draw adverse inferences from an
accused person’s failure to mention facts material to his defence in his
cautioned statement, and s 230(1)(m) of the CPC, which sets out the court’s
power to draw adverse inferences from an accused person’s choice to remain
silent after the court has called upon him to give evidence in his own
defence. The immunity in (5) is also not part of Singapore law in so far as it
concerns a police statement that is admissible under s 258(1) of the CPC (see
also Taw Cheng Kong at [122]-[123]). On the other hand, the immunity in (4)
finds expression in the accused person’s right to elect to remain silent at
trial when called upon to enter his defence: see s 230(1)(m) of the CPC.

40 It might be argued that the right of silence should also entitle the
defendant to avoid disclosing his defence or giving evidence in civil
proceedings on the ground that they relate to matters in the concurrent
criminal proceedings, in connection with which he could have withheld doing
either by invoking his right of silence. However, that is not the case. It has
been held that the right of silence, which the defendant enjoys in criminal
proceedings, does not extend to give him as a matter of right the same extent
of protection in the concurrent civil proceedings (Jefferson Ltd ([34] above)
at 905; McMahon ([33] above) at 206; Panton ([33] above) at [11]; In re DPR
Futures Ltd [1989] 1 WLR 778 (“DPR Futures”) at 790). As Megaw LJ explained in
Jefferson Ltd (at 904-905):

… There is, I say again, in my judgment, no principle of law that a plaintiff
in a civil action is to be debarred from pursuing that action in accordance
with the normal rules for the conduct of civil actions merely because so to do
would, or might, result in the defendant, if he wished to defend the action,
having to disclose, by an affidavit under Order 14, or in the pleading of his
defence, or by way of discovery or otherwise, what his defence is or may be,
in whole or in part, with the result that he might be giving an indication of
what his defence was likely to be in the contemporaneous criminal proceedings.
The protection which is at present given to one facing a criminal charge - the
so-called ‘right of silence’ – does not extend to give the defendant as a
matter of right the same protection in contemporaneous civil proceedings.

[emphasis added]

41 It is not difficult to understand the legal basis for this position. When a
defendant defends himself in the civil action, whether by filing his defence
or giving evidence in support of his defence, he does so of his own choosing
and not under any compulsion on pain of punishment, and so he has no grounds
for invoking the right of silence. Furthermore, the right of silence only
entitles the defendant to stay silent in the face of compulsory questioning
that has arisen in connection with criminal proceedings (whether during police
investigations or when he is called upon to testify during trial), but not for
all other purposes. As a matter of principle therefore, a defendant in a civil
action should not be able to invoke the right of silence in connection with
any interrogatories served or questions asked of him in the civil proceedings,
save where they may encroach upon his privilege against self-incrimination
(see [43] below).

42 I accept that the practical consequence of the above means that, if a
defendant chooses to defend himself in the concurrent civil action, he may be
required to speak about matters touching upon the subject matter of the
criminal proceedings. However, that itself cannot be why the right of silence
ought to confer on the defendant the same extent of protection in the
concurrent civil action as it would in the criminal proceedings. As it is,
there are already many instances in the criminal justice process where an
accused person’s right to not answer questions and remain silent have been
modified by statute - such as where he gives statements to the police in the
investigation process (see [39] above) or participates in the criminal case
disclosure process under the CPC (see ss 160-166 of the CPC). In those
situations, the accused person already has to elect to speak truthfully, or
otherwise face the risk of possible adverse inferences at trial (see, eg, s
261(1) of the CPC). That being so, there is no reason the position should
differ where the defendant in a civil suit is confronted with a similar choice
to speak or remain silent (see Cameron’s Unit Services Pty Ltd v Kevin R
Whelpton Associates (Australia) Pty Ltd and another (1984) 4 FCR 428 at 434).

43 One specific manifestation of the right of silence (as set out in the
immunity at (2) quoted at [38] above) is the privilege against self-
incrimination, which allows a person to not say anything or produce evidence,
under compulsion, that might expose him to a criminal charge, penalty or
forfeiture (see Law Society of Singapore v Shanmugam Manohar [2021] SGHC 201
at [94]; Riedel-de-Haen AG v Liew Keng Pang [1989] 1 SLR(R) 417 (“Riedel”) at
[12]). The privilege against self-incrimination concerns not merely the right
of a person to stay silent, but more specifically, to withhold evidence that
may potentially be used against him in a criminal prosecution (see also Cross
and Tapper ([39] above) at 417).

44 The privilege against self-incrimination applies to steps which a defendant
is required to take in a civil action (see, eg, DPR Futures ([40] above) at
790). Therefore, a defendant may properly invoke the privilege in the context
of civil proceedings where he is being interrogated or compelled to produce
documents for the purposes of the civil proceedings, and which will tend to
incriminate or subject him to a penalty or forfeiture (see Riedel at [12]). I
mention two examples of this. In Riedel, the defendant sold goods which
infringed the trade marks of the plaintiff. The plaintiff obtained an Anton
Piller order against the defendant, requiring it to disclose, inter alia, the
identities of the suppliers of those goods and customers who purchased them.
Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) allowed the defendant’s application to
discharge the order on the ground that compelling the defendant’s compliance
with the order would expose it to a real and appreciable risk of being
prosecuted for offences under the Trade Marks Act (Cap 206, 1970 Rev Ed) and
the Consumer Protection (Trade Descriptions and Safety Requirements) Act (Cap
53, 1985 Rev Ed) (at [6]-[8]).

45 In Reid v Howard and others (1995) 131 ALR 609 (“Reid”), the plaintiff
brought proceedings against the defendant accountant who had misappropriated
client monies. The plaintiff then sought interrogatories against the defendant
requiring disclosure of his assets and the source of funds with which they
were acquired. At that time, the defendant had come under criminal
investigations for the misappropriation, but no criminal charges had been
brought against him because he had only provided a general admission with no
details or particulars of his misappropriations. The disclosure of the
information sought by the plaintiff would provide precise particulars of the
same and provide the basis for the defendant to be prosecuted or further
investigated for specific offences (at 612 and 616). The full bench of the
High Court of Australia considered that the defendant was entitled to resist
the orders sought by the plaintiff on the basis of his privilege against self-
incrimination (at 613, 616 and 620).

46 However, it is certainly not the case that a defendant is always entitled
to a stay of a civil action by simply citing his privilege against self-
incrimination. It remains necessary to consider if the precise steps which a
defendant is required to take in the civil action will have the effect of
undermining that privilege. In respect of steps taken pre-trial, the defendant
may invoke his privilege against self-incrimination if the plaintiff seeks to
compel him to provide answers through interrogatories or produce documents
that will tend to subject him to a penalty or forfeiture, as in the cases of
Riedel and Reid (see also VTFL v Clough DIG [2001] EWCA Civ 1509 (“VTFL”) at
[37]). However, simply requiring the defendant to plead a defence in the civil
action would not ordinarily have the effect of undermining his privilege
against self-incrimination. In filing his defence, the defendant is free to
plead whatever facts he deems fit and considers relevant, for example, by
denying the plaintiff’s allegations and putting forward a different version of
events, or not admitting the plaintiff’s allegations and putting him to strict
proof of the same (see VTFL at [11]). Similarly, in resisting any application
for summary judgment under O 14 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed), the
defendant is free to put forward in his affidavit any material or information
he deems relevant to show that he has a defence to the claim (see VTFL at
[11]). There is no compulsion on the defendant to state on affidavit matters
that might incriminate himself. In fact, any defence put forward by the
defendant, and any evidence given in support of it, would presumably have the
effect of tending to exculpate rather than incriminate the defendant (see VTFL
at [39]).

47 The position in respect of steps taken during the trial of the civil action
differs somewhat. Sections 134(1)-(2) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“the Evidence Act”) provide as follows:

Witness not excused from answering on ground that answer will criminate

134.—(1) A witness is not excused from answering any question as to any matter
relevant to the matter in issue in any suit, or in any civil or criminal
proceeding, upon the ground that the answer to such question will criminate,
or may tend, directly or indirectly, to criminate, such witness, or that it
will expose, or tend, directly or indirectly, to expose, such witness to a
penalty or forfeiture of any kind, or that it will establish or tend to
establish that the witness owes a debt or is otherwise subject to a civil suit
at the instance of the Government or of any other person.

(2) No answer which a witness is compelled by the court to give shall subject
him or her to any arrest or prosecution, or be proved against him or her in
any criminal proceeding, except a prosecution for giving false evidence by
such answer.

48 As Chan J explained in Riedel ([43] above), s 134 of the Evidence Act
qualifies the privilege against self-incrimination when a witness gives oral
testimony at a trial or other judicial proceeding to which the Evidence Act is
applicable (at [20] and [22]). The effect of s 134(1) is that a witness cannot
refuse to answer a question which is relevant to the matter in issue by
invoking his privilege against self-incrimination. However, in order to remove
inducements for falsehoods and encourage witnesses to come forward to assist
in the administration of justice, s 134(2) extends a limited protection to the
witness by providing that any incriminating answer given by him on compulsion
by the court shall not subject him to any arrest or prosecution or be proved
against him in any criminal proceeding, except in a case of prosecution for
giving false evidence by such an answer (see Sudipto Sarkar & V Kesava Rao,
Sarkar: Law of Evidence vol 2 (LexisNexis, 20th Ed, 2021) (“Sarkar”) at pp
2925-2926). However, given that the protection in s 134(2) is only afforded to
answers which a witness “is compelled by the court to give”, the protection
therein is only afforded to answers which a witness has objected to give or
which he has asked to be excused from giving, but nevertheless has been
compelled by the court to give (see Sarkar at p 2935). Whether there has been
such compulsion is a question of fact, and there is no necessity that the
witness must raise a formal objection, though a witness who answers a question
voluntarily without any protest necessarily does so without compulsion and
will not be able to afford himself of the protection in s 134(2) (see Sarkar
at pp 2935-2936).

49 A defendant who is faced with concurrent criminal and civil proceedings is
more likely than not to raise objections to questions, the answers to which he
perceives as being likely to incriminate him. While he cannot invoke the
privilege against self-incrimination whilst being cross-examined at trial, he
is nevertheless afforded the protection of s 134(2) in respect of any such
incriminating answers given as part of his testimony. These answers cannot be
later proved against him by the Prosecution in the trial of the concurrent
criminal proceedings.

50 Therefore, in my judgment, it will not suffice for a defendant, who seeks
to stay a civil action on the ground of concurrent criminal proceedings, to
invoke his right of silence and privilege against self-incrimination, both of
which are not automatically engaged (albeit for different reasons), merely
because he has been called upon to defend himself in the civil action.
Instead, to obtain a stay of the concurrent civil proceedings, as per the
principles set out in Jefferson Ltd ([34] above), the defendant must show how
requiring him to defend himself in the civil action will give rise to a real
danger of prejudice to him in the criminal proceedings. The court will then
consider the factors set out in Jefferson Ltd and McMahon ([33] above), in
assessing whether there is such a real danger of prejudice on the facts as
presented (see [36] above).

Where the continuance of the civil action provides the Prosecution with an
advantage in the criminal proceedings

51 Where a civil action relating to identical or a similar subject matter as
that in concurrent criminal proceedings is tried before the latter, the
Prosecution will theoretically enjoy some advantage in that it will likely
have a preview of the defendant’s case before the trial of the criminal
proceedings takes place. This is one of the main contentions raised by Mr Ng’s
counsel in his oral and written submissions as to why the suit against Mr Ng
should be stayed – counsel argues that the advantage which the Prosecution
would derive from seeing Mr Ng’s evidence and the evidence of his witnesses
tested in cross-examination at the trial of the suit would necessarily make
the trial of the Criminal Proceedings unfair and constitute a real danger of
prejudice to Mr Ng in the same.

52 For this submission, Mr Ng’s counsel relies on State of Queensland v Shaw
[2003] QSC 436 (“Shaw”), a decision of the Queensland Supreme Court. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DWS at paras 29-32.

In that case, the defendant was charged under s 10A of the Drugs Misuse Act
1984 (Qld) for possession of property reasonably suspected of being the
proceeds, or having been acquired with the proceeds, of a drug-related
offence. Separately, proceedings for the forfeiture of the defendant’s
property were commenced by the state. In connection with the latter
proceedings, the defendant could apply for an order that his property be
excluded from forfeiture if he was able to satisfy the court that it is more
probable than not that the property was not illegally acquired property (at
[7] and [10]). As such, the fundamental question in both sets of proceedings
was whether the defendant’s property had been unlawfully acquired with the
proceeds of criminal offences (at [10]). The defendant applied for the
forfeiture proceedings to be stayed, on the ground that the evidence which he
would be relying on in his attempt to exclude his property from forfeiture
would directly disclose the grounds upon which he would defend the criminal
proceedings, and thereby prejudice him if the forfeiture proceedings were
heard before the criminal proceedings (at [14]-[15]).

53 Mackenzie J ordered a stay of the forfeiture proceedings until the
determination of the criminal proceedings. He considered that, since the
issues were identical in the forfeiture and criminal proceedings, allowing the
former to proceed first would expose defects in the case which the defendant
would raise in the criminal proceedings, and afford the Prosecution an
opportunity to in effect have a test-run of its case in the criminal
proceedings, repair any deficiencies in its own evidence and potentially
improve on its case. That would allow the Prosecution to gain an undue
advantage in the criminal proceedings, and the interests of justice would not
be served if the forfeiture proceedings were heard before the criminal
proceedings (at [23]-[24]).

54 In my judgment, in so far as counsel for Mr Ng relies on Shaw for the
proposition that Mr Ng will suffer a real danger of prejudice merely because
the continuance of the suit would provide the Prosecution with some advantage
in the Criminal Proceedings, I am unable to accept this submission. Let me
explain.

55 First, Shaw is distinguishable because it involved a different context from
the one presently under consideration. The concurrent civil action in Shaw was
a statutory proceeding commenced by a state body against the defendant in
connection with subject matter identical to that in the criminal proceedings,
and not an ordinary civil action commenced by a plaintiff to enforce his
rights against the defendant. By its nature, Shaw would not have been
concerned with the “balance of justice” between the plaintiff’s entitlement to
pursue his action in the ordinary course of the procedure and business of the
court, and the rights and protections ordinarily afforded to a defendant in
criminal proceedings. Instead, the court would have been concerned with the
appropriate balance to be struck between the latter and the right of the state
body to proceed against the defendant under the relevant legislative
framework. In such a case, the competing considerations weighed by the court
in exercising its discretion as to whether to grant a stay of the civil
action, and the manner in which a defendant can discharge his burden of
satisfying the court of a real danger of prejudice to him if the concurrent
civil action is not stayed, will necessarily differ.

56 Second, I find that counsel’s submission is tantamount to saying that the
defendant has an unconditional right to a stay of the civil action whenever
there are concurrent related criminal proceedings and when the continuation of
the civil action has the practical result of requiring the defendant to take
steps that can disadvantage him in the criminal proceedings. That is plainly
inconsistent with the established principles as it makes a nonsense of the
requirement that the defendant must establish a real danger of prejudice to
him in the criminal proceedings before the court will grant a stay. Such a
suggestion has been rejected by Megaw LJ in Jefferson Ltd (albeit implicitly)
(see [40] above), and also by the Australian courts themselves (see, eg, Craig
Robert White v Australian Securities and Investments Commission and others
[2013] QCA 357 at [23] and [25]). Indeed, if this submission were accepted, it
would result in the grant of a stay simply to preserve for the defendant the
tactical advantage of remaining silent at the criminal trial until the end of
the Prosecution’s case against him, an outcome which courts have cautioned
against (see Panton ([33] above) at [11]; McMahon ([33] above) at 208).

57 For completeness, I note that there are cases where the Australian courts
appear to have been satisfied of a real danger of prejudice to the defendant
on account of the Prosecution enjoying the advantage of having a preview of
his case in the criminal proceedings if the civil action is tried first: see,
eg, Winters v Fogarty (No 2) [2020] FCA 220 (“Fogarty”) at [12]; Qing Zhao and
another v The Commissioner of the Australian Federal Police [2014] VSCA 137
(“Zhao”) at [59]-[60]; Adelaide Brighton Cement Ltd v Burgess [2018] SASC 134
(“Adelaide Brighton”) at [29]; McLachlan v Browne (No 9) [2019] NSWSC 10 at
[37]-[38]. However, a closer reading of these cases indicates that the courts
were satisfied of a real danger of prejudice, not simply because of any
notional advantage enjoyed by the Prosecution, but because any such advantage
stood to undermine the defendant’s right of silence and/or privilege against
self-incrimination in the criminal proceedings on the particular facts of the
case (see Fogarty at [12]; Zhao at [60]; Adelaide Brighton at [33]-[34];
McLachlan at [39]-[40] and [47]). Hence, in each of those cases, the court, in
finding that there was a real danger of prejudice to the defendant, had been
satisfied of something more than a mere disadvantage to the defendant as a
result of the civil action being tried first.

58 Third, and with respect, it is unnecessary to accept this submission to
give effect to the protections which a defendant enjoys in the concurrent
criminal proceedings. The advantage of staying silent until the conclusion of
the Prosecution’s case is a mere coincidence of the defendant enjoying the
right of silence and is not part of the protections which that right confers
on the defendant, which is only limited to an immunity vis-à-vis any
compulsory questioning that has arisen in connection with the criminal
proceedings (see also McMahon at 208). Indeed, under Singapore law, an accused
person is already confronted with the choice to speak or remain silent at
various pre-trial stages of the criminal justice process (see [42] above).
Further, even if the Prosecution enjoys a preview of the defendant’s case as a
result of the civil action being tried before the criminal proceedings, it
does not follow as a matter of course that any evidence given or adduced by
the defendant in the former can in turn be relied upon by the Prosecution in
the latter, which is what is necessary to provide grounds for any complaint
about the defendant’s right of silence and/or privilege against self-
incrimination being encroached on. In most cases, the possibility that any
such evidence will be relied upon by the Prosecution in the concurrent
criminal proceedings is a hypothetical one - by virtue of the protection
conferred by s 134(2) of the Evidence Act, any incriminating answer given by
the defendant on compulsion by the court during the trial of the civil action
cannot be proved in any subsequent criminal proceedings against him (see
[48]-[49] above). The Prosecution therefore remains limited to proving its
case on the basis of evidence which has been admitted in the criminal
proceedings, and not any evidence which has emerged in the course of the
concurrent civil action.

59 On a related point, I note that, in relatively recent times, there have
been decisions of the Australian courts which have considered that the McMahon
guidelines (which are not overruled and remain good law in Australia: see
Fogarty ([57] above) at [9]) do not sufficiently give effect to a defendant’s
right of silence and privilege against self-incrimination, which he enjoys in
the criminal proceedings (see, eg, Re AWB Ltd (No 1) (2008) 252 ALR 566 at
[56] and [58]; Adelaide Brighton at [27]). However, even so, there is no
suggestion in those cases that the court will necessarily be satisfied of a
real danger of prejudice simply because the defendant will suffer a
disadvantage from having the civil action tried first.

60 In any event, I am of the view that this so-called advantage of the
Prosecution having some insight into the accused’s possible defence is
overstated. Just as the Prosecution may have a preview of the accused’s
defence and his evidence in the civil proceedings, the accused person has the
corresponding advantage of having a similar preview of the Prosecution’s case
and its evidence, given that it is likely that the same witnesses will be
called by the plaintiff to prove its case in the civil suit. Significantly,
the strength of the Prosecution’s evidence can be tested by the defendant in
the trial of the civil suit. So, at the end of the day, any advantage enjoyed
by the Prosecution is counter-balanced against the advantage enjoyed by the
accused person.

61 Finally, coming back to Shaw ([52] above), the circumstances of the case
were such that any advantage accruing to the Prosecution constituted a real
danger of prejudice to him in the criminal proceedings. That was because the
burden of proof in the criminal proceedings had been on the defendant to show,
on a balance of probabilities, that the property (forming the subject matter
of the offence and the forfeiture proceedings) was lawfully acquired (see
[4]-[5] and [10]). There was also no statutory obligation on the defendant to
disclose beforehand the evidence which he wished to rely on in the criminal
proceedings (see [21]). Requiring the defendant to take steps in the
forfeiture proceedings and reveal in advance evidence which he was also
intending to rely on in the criminal proceedings would provide the Prosecution
the distinct benefit of being able to consider how they might respond to the
defendant’s evidence in the criminal proceedings. That benefit was not a mere
advantage, but posed a real danger of injustice to the defendant because it
potentially rendered it more onerous for the defendant to successfully
discharge his burden of proof in the criminal proceedings, as compared to a
similarly placed defendant who did not have to reveal in advance his evidence
and/or defence in the same way.

62 Accordingly, in my view, it will not suffice for the defendant, in seeking
a stay of the civil action to merely point to some advantage which the
Prosecution will enjoy in the criminal proceedings if the civil action is not
stayed. In each case, the defendant must establish that any putative advantage
which the Prosecution would enjoy from the continuance of the civil action
poses a real danger of prejudice to him in the criminal proceedings.

The plaintiff’s prima facie entitlement to pursue the civil action in the
ordinary course

63 In determining if a stay of the civil action ought to be granted, the court
assesses the balance of justice as between the plaintiff and the defendant. As
such, even if a defendant has established that he will suffer a real danger of
prejudice in the criminal proceedings from the continuance of the civil
action, that remains to be balanced against the plaintiff’s prima facie
entitlement to pursue its civil action. A court may well find, following such
a balancing exercise, that any dangers of injustice can be ameliorated by
measures other than an indefinite stay of the civil action.

64 For example, in DPR Futures ([40] above), the defendants were directors of
a company that received monies from its clients and engaged in commodities and
futures trading on their behalf. The company was subsequently liquidated, and
the defendants were charged with conspiracy to defraud and for offences under
the Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) in connection with their operation of the
company. The liquidators of the company also commenced proceedings against the
directors to recover sums which they had allegedly misappropriated from the
company. The directors applied for the civil proceedings commenced by the
liquidator to be stayed until after the conclusion of the criminal
proceedings.

65 Millett J (as he then was) held that he was satisfied that, if the civil
proceedings were heard first, there would be a real risk of prejudice to the
defendants’ right to a fair trial in the criminal proceedings, especially if
the two took place in close proximity in time. However, he did not consider
that real risk of prejudice to be a sufficient reason for the civil
proceedings to be stayed, because serious injustice would be caused to large
numbers of people (the company’s former clients) who would have no chance to
pursue recourse to recover the moneys they had lost to the company, until the
conclusion of the criminal proceedings (at 790). He found that the defendants’
right to a fair trial could be safeguarded in other ways, such as by the
liquidators’ undertaking that they would not disclose to any third party
(other than their own solicitors and counsel), prior to the criminal trial,
copies or contents of any affidavit or document served or disclosed by the
directors in the civil proceedings, save with their prior written consent or
with leave of the court (at 791).

Is there a real danger of prejudice to Mr Ng in the Criminal Proceedings if
the suit is not stayed?

66 On the facts before me, both parties are in agreement that the Charges
against Mr Ng have the same factual foundation as the fraudulent
misrepresentation claim brought against Mr Ng in the suit. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DWS at paras 37-38; PWS at para 41.

In relation to the latter, Mr Ng has already filed his defence, the gist of
which is that the plaintiffs dealt with one Jordan Chua (and not him) in
relation to the Contracts and that he was not responsible for making the
Representations, and if he did make them, he did not do so fraudulently, or
had reasonable grounds to believe and did believe that the Representations
were true (see [12] above). That being so, I accept the plaintiffs’ submission
that Mr Ng has effectively disclosed his defence to the Charges. In a manner
of speaking, the horse has already bolted. The only question that remains is
whether Mr Ng’s continued participation in the suit will cause a real danger
of an injustice to Mr Ng in the Criminal Proceedings.

67 I reject Mr Ng’s submission that requiring him to file affidavits in
opposition to any summary judgment proceedings, or affidavits of evidence-in
chief in the suit, will undermine his privilege against self-incrimination and
therefore constitute a sufficient reason for the suit to be stayed. All this
affidavit evidence will presumably be in line with his defence, which has
already been filed, and can thus be expected to be exculpatory in nature. As
already explained, the privilege against self-incrimination is not encroached
on simply because a defendant is called upon to give evidence, the substance
of which is likely intended to be exculpatory in effect (see [46] above).
Similarly, since any right of silence which Mr Ng enjoys in connection with
the Criminal Proceedings does not apply in connection with any steps that Mr
Ng may be required to take in a related civil action, that will also not
entitle him to withhold his evidence in the suit.

68 It is for Mr Ng to establish precisely how he will suffer a real, and not a
notional, danger of prejudice. I find that he has not done this, other than to
refer in general terms to his right of silence and his privilege against self-
incrimination. A consideration of the factors in Jefferson Ltd ([34] above)
and McMahon ([33] above), which I have referred to above (at [36]), does not
assist his case. The risk of jury contamination is not a relevant factor in
the context of our system of criminal trials, which does not involve juries.
Significantly, given that there is at present no certainty that the
Prosecution will proceed to trial on the Charges out of the 70 charges that Mr
Ng faces (as at the time of the hearing before me), there might not even be
any question of prejudice to Mr Ng by the suit being allowed to continue. Even
if the Prosecution does proceed on the Charges, there is also no way to tell
presently when the criminal trial will take place. As such, Mr Ng cannot show
that there is prejudice to him arising from any proximity in time between the
trial of the Criminal Proceedings and that of the suit. Mr Ng has also not
suggested that his further participation and giving of evidence in the suit is
likely to cause a miscarriage of justice in the Criminal Proceedings because
it would enable the fabrication of evidence by Prosecution witnesses or
interference with Defence witnesses. Indeed, given that a major part of Mr
Ng’s defence is premised on the plaintiffs having dealt with one Jordan Chua
(and not him), it appears that Mr Ng has already disclosed the identity of the
witnesses whom he perceives as being critical to his defence to the Charges.
He must therefore be taken to have implicitly accepted that there is no risk
of any interference with possible Defence witnesses if they give evidence in
the suit before the Criminal Proceedings are tried.

69 That leaves me with Mr Ng’s submission that he will suffer prejudice if the
suit is not stayed because of the burden of having to prepare for both the
Criminal Proceedings and the suit concurrently. I am unable to accept this
submission. While the burden of preparing for concurrent actions is a relevant
factor (see [36] above), whether it will constitute a real danger of prejudice
to the defendant in the criminal proceedings is ultimately dependent on the
precise facts of the case. In Websyte Corporation Pty Ltd v Alexander (No 2)
[2012] FCA 562 (“Websyte Corporation”), Dodds-Streeton J, who considered that
the continuance of a civil action posed a real danger of prejudice to the
defendants in related criminal proceedings, accepted that the defendants would
suffer “significant strains” in having to prepare for concurrent criminal and
civil trials. In that case, both defendants were impecunious and were
dependent on pro bono representation, the continued provision of which
appeared uncertain and precarious (at [124]). In stark contrast, in the
present case, Mr Ng clearly has the financial means to retain a team of
lawyers, led by Senior Counsel, for both this suit and the Criminal
Proceedings against him. There is no evidence to suggest that he might run out
of funds if he has to fight on two fronts, or that defending both the suit and
the Criminal Proceedings will be an undue burden on him. In particular, at
this stage, there is no indication as to when either the trial of the suit or
the Criminal Proceedings will be held, and so the question of any burden
caused by defending both proceedings in close proximity in time is entirely
hypothetical.

70 I also do not accept Mr Ng’s submission that any advantage which might
accrue to the Prosecution if he were required to defend the suit would
constitute a real danger of prejudice to him in the Criminal Proceedings and
so justify a stay of the suit. I accept that if the suit is not stayed, and if
Mr Ng and his witnesses were to be cross-examined at trial, the Prosecution
will enjoy some notional advantage in that the prosecutors may get a preview
of Mr Ng’s evidence if he is eventually tried on the Charges for the Criminal
Proceedings. However, this is not, in itself, sufficient to show that there is
a real danger of prejudice to him (see [54]-[62] above). Furthermore, the
safeguard under s 134(2) of the Evidence Act precludes any incriminating
answers that Mr Ng may give under cross-examination, under compulsion by the
court, from being proved against him in the criminal trial of the Charges, if
that proceeds. As for any incriminating evidence given by Mr Ng’s witnesses
under cross-examination, such evidence is prima facie inadmissible against Mr
Ng in the criminal trial as it would be hearsay.

71 Moreover, the effect of any such advantage is overstated (see also [60]
above). Crucially, Mr Ng has already filed a defence in the suit, which is not
merely a bare denial of the plaintiffs’ allegations but substantially outlines
his defence to the claim against him for fraudulent misrepresentation. As his
counsel informed me during the hearing, Mr Ng will also be participating in
the criminal case disclosure process under the CPC, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DWS at para 70; Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct 2021, p 4 lines 27-32.

under which Mr Ng will be required to provide to the Prosecution, as part of
the Case for the Defence, a summary of his defence, a list of witnesses which
he intends to call and the exhibits which he seeks to rely on, after the Case
for the Prosecution (“CFP”) is served on him (see s 165(1) of the CPC). All
this will be done well in advance of the criminal trial. In these
circumstances, I cannot accept that any putative advantage that may accrue to
the Prosecution from the continuance of the suit will constitute a real danger
of injustice to Mr Ng in the Criminal Proceedings.

72 I will add that the present case is distinguishable from Websyte
Corporation, which counsel for Mr Ng has relied on heavily in his submissions.
In Websyte Corporation, the plaintiff commenced civil proceedings against the
defendants for unauthorised access and modification of its computer data. The
plaintiff later (in breach of court undertakings) provided its pleadings in
the civil proceedings, which contained information obtained pursuant to search
orders executed for the purposes of the civil proceedings, to the Victorian
Police, which then pressed charges against the defendants in respect of the
same conduct (at [9]-[21], [33] and [42]). Like Mr Ng, the defendants also
sought a stay of the civil action after they had filed their defence in the
same (at [22]-[23]). The court accepted that, notwithstanding that the
defendants’ defence to the criminal charges had already been disclosed,
requiring them to further defend the action by filing affidavits, giving
evidence at trial and being cross-examined would significantly compromise the
defendants’ legitimate interests in the criminal trial and prejudice them in
the same (at [121]).

73 From my review of Websyte Corporation ([69] above), however, the court did
not find that the defendants would suffer a real danger of prejudice in the
criminal proceedings from the mere fact that they were required to further
defend the civil action. Instead, that conclusion was reached after a
consideration of the circumstances of the case as a whole (at [119]-[125]). In
addition to the burden of having to defend both sets of proceedings despite
the prospect of continued pro bono legal representation being uncertain (see
[69] above), the proximity in time of the trial of the criminal and civil
proceedings, which the court found were “not unlikely” to overlap at least in
terms of preparation for trial, if the latter was not stayed, was another
factor which the court relied on in finding that there was a real danger of
prejudice to the defendants in the criminal proceedings (at [123]).

74 Counsel for Mr Ng submits that Websyte Corporation shows that, even when a
defendant has already filed his defence in the civil action, he can
nevertheless suffer prejudice if he is required to defend the civil action by
filing affidavits and giving evidence on matters which are the subject of
criminal charges, which he otherwise would not have done in connection with
the criminal proceedings. I reject that submission. As I have already
explained, it does not follow as a matter of course that a defendant will
suffer a real danger of prejudice simply because he is called upon to give
evidence and defend himself in the civil action. I reiterate that the burden
is on the defendant who seeks a stay of the civil action to demonstrate why
taking those steps will occasion a real danger of prejudice to him. This is a
fact-sensitive exercise that is not dependent simply on whether the defendant
has already disclosed his defence.

75 In this case, it appears to me that the balance of justice lies in favour
of the plaintiffs’ prima facie entitlement to pursue their claims against Mr
Ng. I agree with the AR that the suit should not be stayed because of the
Criminal Proceedings.

76 In the course of the hearing before me, counsel for Mr Ng also made an
alternative submission that the court should consider granting a limited stay
of the suit until the Prosecution serves its CFP pursuant to s 161 of the CPC
as part of the criminal case disclosure process. As already mentioned, counsel
for Mr Ng confirmed that his client will be participating in the criminal case
disclosure process (see [71] above).

77 This submission was made by counsel in an attempt to counter the point
that, at present, there is no certainty that the Prosecution will even proceed
to trial on the Charges, out of the 49 cheating charges that Mr Ng faces under
s 420 of the Penal Code. As such, counsel argues that it would be prudent to
grant a stay until the position is made clear by the Prosecution. He relies on
Hamilton Island Enterprises Ltd and another v Johnston [2010] QSC 38
(“Hamilton”), a decision of the Queensland Supreme Court. In that case, the
plaintiffs commenced a civil action against the defendant (a former employee
of the first plaintiff) for breach of contract and breach of fiduciary duties.
Criminal charges were also brought against the defendant arising out of the
same conduct complained of by the plaintiffs. However, the criminal
proceedings remained at a very early stage and the defendant had yet to
receive the full particulars of the charges against him (at [19]). McMeekin J
ordered the civil action to be stayed until the conclusion of the committal
proceedings, following which the defendant would receive full particulars of
the charges against him, and so that he would then be in a position to
particularise any prejudice, if any, that he might suffer by a continuation of
the civil action (at [35]). Relying on Hamilton, counsel for Mr Ng argues that
it is only when Mr Ng receives the CFP that he will be able to properly
understand what the Prosecution’s case will be at trial, what charges they are
proceeding on, and so particularise the prejudice that he may suffer if the
suit was not stayed but tried first, like the defendant in Hamilton.

78 I cannot accept this submission. Unlike in Hamilton, the full particulars
of the Charges have already been made known to Mr Ng (copies of which he has
also exhibited in affidavits filed for the present proceedings). The Charges
set out the various factual and legal elements which the Prosecution will seek
to prove in its case against Mr Ng. While the CFP does set out more
information than the Charges, and will include a summary of facts in support
of the proceeded charge(s), a list of the names of the Prosecution’s
witnesses, a list of exhibits intended by the Prosecution to be admitted at
trial, and the accused’s statements which the Prosecution intends to adduce in
evidence as part of its case at trial (see s 162(1) of the CPC), these
contents relate more to how the Prosecution will prove its case against Mr Ng,
rather than just what the Prosecution’s case is. Not only that, it is clear
from the defence filed by Mr Ng in the suit that he understands quite clearly
the allegations of cheating and fraud being made against him. In other words,
I do not think that the additional contents of the CFP are of such a nature
that Mr Ng would not be able to understand or appreciate the Prosecution’s
case against him in their absence. I therefore do not agree that Mr Ng cannot
particularise any possible prejudice until after he has been served with the
CFP.

79 Further, the submission proceeds on the erroneous basis that a stay will
almost certainly be granted if the CFP indicates that the Prosecution intends
to proceed to trial on the Charges. Even if the Prosecution intends to try Mr
Ng on the Charges, that still does not per se constitute a real danger of
prejudice because, as already mentioned, Mr Ng will already be disclosing his
defence in the criminal proceedings by way of his participation in the
criminal case disclosure process under the CPC. His counsel candidly accepted
at the hearing that the substance of Mr Ng’s defence to the Charges will be
the same as the defence he has filed in the suit, given the common factual
foundation for both the Criminal Proceedings and the fraudulent
misrepresentation claim in the suit. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Notes of Hearing, 26 Oct, p 2 lines 26-31; p 3 lines 8-12; p 5 lines 13-16.

That being so, I cannot agree that there will be any real danger of prejudice
in the Criminal Proceedings if the suit is not stayed.

Conclusion

80 For the reasons set out in this judgment, I dismiss the Registrar’s Appeal.
I will deal separately with the issue of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Lim Tahn Lin Alfred, Lye May-Yee Jaime and Kenji Ong Shao Qiang (Fullerton Law
Chambers LLC) for the plaintiffs;

Lin Ruizi (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the first defendant (watching brief);

Navin Shanmugaraj Thevar, Rajvinder Singh Chahal and Sheiffa Safi Shirbeeni
(Davinder Singh Chambers LLC) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Jan 2022 (11:33 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

