Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 168

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9215 of 2021

Between

| Sriram s/o Seevalingam  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law — Offences — Cheating]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sriram s/o Seevalingam

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 168

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9215 of 2021  
Vincent Hoong J  
17 August 2022

17 August 2022

Vincent Hoong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 Sriram s/o Seevalingam (“the Appellant”) pleaded guilty to and was convicted
of five charges, which included four charges of cheating by personation under
s 419 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) and one
charge of theft in dwelling under s 380 of the Penal Code. He further
consented to have the remaining ten charges taken into consideration for
sentencing. The Appellant was sentenced to a total of 12 months’ and one
week’s imprisonment.

2 In this appeal, the Appellant only seeks to challenge the individual
sentences imposed for the proceeded charges under s 419 of the Penal Code and
the global sentence. He contends that these sentences are manifestly
excessive.

3 Having heard and considered both parties’ submissions, I allow the
Appellant’s appeal against sentence in part by reducing the Appellant’s
sentence in respect of DAC 931281/2019 from nine months’ imprisonment to six
months’ imprisonment. These are the brief reasons for my decision.

My decision

4 To begin, I note that the Prosecution has a broad ambit to decide which
charge to prefer based on the same set of facts. For instance, where an
accused is found to have stolen items from a convenience store, the
Prosecution may prefer a charge of theft in dwelling under s 380 of the Penal
Code or a charge of theft simpliciter under s 379 of the Penal Code. This is
consistent with the Prosecution’s discretion conferred under Art 35(8) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (2020 Rev Ed). Hence, as observed by
Yong Pung How CJ in Sim Gek Yong v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 185 at
[15]:

... The onus lies on the Prosecution in the first place to assess the
seriousness of an accused’s conduct and to frame an appropriate charge in the
light of the evidence available. Once an accused has pleaded guilty to (or
been convicted of) a particular charge, it cannot be open to the court, in
sentencing him, to consider the possibility that an alternative – and graver –
charge might have been brought and to treat him as though he had been found
guilty of the graver charge. [emphasis added]

5 This statement was endorsed by a three-Judge coram of the High Court in
Public Prosecutor v Ng Sae Kiat and other appeals [2015] SGHC 191 at [70].

6 That being said, where a less severe charge (eg, s 419 instead of s 420 of
the Penal Code) is preferred, the sentencing court may consider that a more
severe charge could have been preferred in considering the gravity of the
offence as charged. For example, in Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Shafie bin
Ahmad Abdullah and others [2011] 1 SLR 325, the offenders were originally
charged with rape and sexual assault by penetration of the victim who was 17
years old at the time of the offences. They were subsequently convicted on a
reduced charge of aggravated outrage of modesty under s 354A(1) of the Penal
Code, with some other charges being taken into consideration by the court. In
passing sentence, Chan Seng Onn J (as he then was) took cognisance of the fact
that there had been factual rape and sexual assault by penetration, but he
stressed that (at [16]):

Let me be clear that … my taking of cognizance that there was factual rape and
sexual assault by penetration was not an exercise … [of] treat[ing] them as
though they had been legally found guilty of the charge of rape or sexual
assault by penetration (for which the maximum sentence of imprisonment of 20
years is twice that for the reduced charge of aggravated outrage of modesty
proceeded with by the Prosecution against each of the Offenders). Instead,
what this exercise really entailed was to recognise that the precise nature of
the criminal acts carried out by the Offenders … effectively brought the
Offenders’ conduct within the more if not most serious category of cases under
s 354A(1) of the Penal Code … [emphasis added]

7 Turning to the present case, what is immediately striking is the factual
similarity of this case to that of Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala
Waduge Malitha Kumar [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 (“Fernando Payagala”). In Fernando
Payagala, the accused was charged under s 420 of the Penal Code for
dishonestly misappropriating the credit card of a fellow passenger on a flight
and using his credit card to make purchases valued at $6,007.82. V K Rajah J
(as he then was) observed that for non-syndicated credit card offences under s
420 of the Penal Code, the starting point should be 12 to 18 months’
imprisonment (at [75]). However, after considering the accused’s contrition,
the lack of proper planning and sophistication in his offending conduct, his
personal circumstances, such as his relative youthfulness and lack of
antecedents and the fact that he had been released from prison custody before
the sentence was enhanced, Rajah J considered that six months’ imprisonment
was appropriate.

8 Notwithstanding the factual similarity in the cases, the Prosecution, in
exercising its discretion, elected to prosecute the accused under s 419 of the
Penal Code. This charge carries a maximum penalty of five years’ imprisonment,
which is half the maximum penalty of ten years’ imprisonment that may be meted
out under the current s 420. However, I also note that the offender in
Fernando Payagala was convicted under a previous iteration of s 420, which
prescribed a maximum punishment of seven years’ imprisonment.

9 In my view, given the principle I enumerated earlier, it would be unfair to
apply sentencing benchmarks pertaining to s 420 of the Penal Code to determine
the appropriate sentence for the Appellant. As Kow Keng Siong observed in
Sentencing Principles in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2019)
(“Sentencing Principles in Singapore”) at [08.042]: “a court cannot take into
account the sentencing benchmarks for a graver charge that might have been
brought against the accused in deciding the appropriate sentence to be
imposed”. Concomitantly, “[a] court should be cautious when comparing an
offender’s case with a different offence in passing sentence, as it may run
the risk of being alleged to have been ‘influenced by the consideration that
the [offender] might have been charged with a more serious offence or … one
carrying a greater maximum sentence’”: Sentencing Principles in Singapore at
[08.043].

10 What then should the appropriate sentence be? It would be useful to
consider the sentencing principles enumerated in similar cases. For example,
in Idya Nurhazlyn bte Ahmad Khir v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2014]
1 SLR 756 (“Idya”), which was a case involving a s 417 Penal Code offence,
Menon CJ referred to Fernando Payagala (at [48] of Idya) and observed that
relevant factors to be taken into account include the value of the property
involved, the number and vulnerability of victims and the level of
premeditation and deception.

11 Given the lack of reported decisions for offences under s 419 of the Penal
Code, it may be useful to scale the sentencing range for s 419 of the Penal
Code cases with reference to the sentencing ranges for similar offences under
ss 417 and 420 of the Penal Code. This would be commensurate with the
principle that “[w]hen Parliament sets a statutory maximum, it signals the
gravity with which the public, through Parliament, views this particular
offence” [emphasis added]: Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [84].

12 However, I caution against relying on cases involving ss 417 and 420 of the
Penal Code to directly compute the appropriate individual sentences. The
reason for this is simple – each case turns on its own facts. Sentencing is
not purely an arithmetic exercise. Neither should it be a mechanistic process.
While it is commendable that the parties have assiduously sought to compare
the relevant offence-specific and offender-specific sentencing factors in each
of the cases cited in order to calibrate their proposed sentences, I find that
there is little utility in such an exercise. To this end, the observations of
the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Leong Soon Kheong [2009] 4 SLR(R)
63 at [32], are instructive:

… Due to the extraordinary range of possible factual circumstances, rigid
adherence to sentencing precedents and/or attempts to narrowly distinguish
them are ordinarily not very helpful, and, indeed, may sometimes lead to
missing the wood for the trees …

13 Bearing this in mind, I am of the view that a sentence of six months’
imprisonment would be more appropriate for DAC 931281/2019, for these reasons:

(a) First, I note that custodial sentences of between four to eight months’
imprisonment have ordinarily been imposed for cheating offences under s 417 of
the Penal Code resulting in losses of between $1,000 and $15,000: Idya at
[47]. I also have regard to the starting point set out in Fernando Payagala of
between 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment for credit card cheating offences
prosecuted under s 420 of the Penal Code. Nonetheless, I treat these
sentencing ranges with care bearing in mind that the Appellant in this case
was charged under s 419 of the Penal Code, which carries a lighter maximum
penalty than s 420 of the Penal Code and a heavier maximum penalty than s 417
of the Penal Code.

(b) Second, I consider the relevant sentencing factors in this case,
including:

(i) That general and specific deterrence is the dominant sentencing
consideration for credit card cheating cases as recognised in Fernando
Payagala.

(ii) The total sum involved in the cheating by personation offences (including
the charges that were taken into consideration) of $6,252.30 is not
insubstantial. There was also actual loss caused to the various establishments
visited by the Appellant, one of the credit cardholders and also to the banks
that provided chargebacks to another two victims.

(iii) The number of the charges that were taken into consideration, which
included six similar charges under s 419 of the Penal Code, demonstrating the
Appellant’s repeated offending.

(iv) The lack of planning and sophistication.

(v) The Appellant’s early plea of guilt.

(vi) The Appellant making partial restitution.

(c) Third, a sentence of six months’ imprisonment is broadly consistent with
the cases of Public Prosecutor v Song Hauming Oskar and another appeal [2021]
5 SLR 965 (“Oskar Song”) and Keeping Mark John v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5
SLR 627 (“Keeping Mark John”):

(i) In Oskar Song, the offender used a credit card which he had found on the
floor on 103 occasions over a period of less than three months to purchase
items with a total value of $20,642.28. He was charged with an amalgamated
cheating charge under s 417 of the Penal Code read with s 124(4) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed). In that case, I considered that
a starting point of 12 months’ imprisonment was appropriate. Nonetheless,
having regard to his mental disorders, I ultimately imposed a sentence of
eight months’ imprisonment. Having regard to the fact that the charge under s
417 of the Penal Code in Oskar Song was amalgamated and the amount involved
was more than three times of that in the instant case, I am of the view that a
sentence of six months’ imprisonment is appropriate notwithstanding the higher
number of victims disclosed in the present case.

(ii) I have also considered the case of Keeping Mark John, which is the only
recent reported High Court decision involving an offence under s 419 of the
Penal Code. There, the offender pleaded guilty to a single charge of abetment
of cheating by personation under s 419 read with s 109 of the Penal Code. The
offender had been recruited by a people smuggling syndicate to facilitate the
illegal entry of one Kajanan into New Zealand. His role was to check in for a
flight to New Zealand in his own name, and after having done so, to hand the
boarding pass to Kajanan, who would use it and a forged passport to board the
flight to New Zealand. He received US$600 for his role in the scheme. The
District Judge sentenced him to 12 months’ imprisonment. On appeal, Chao JA
observed that “the benchmark sentence for s 419 [of the Penal Code] offences
committed in the context of people smuggling should be a term of imprisonment
of four to six months” (at [38]). However, as the offence was “perpetrated by
a transnational syndicate, and one in which the [offender] was very much
involved at that, a sentence at the higher end of the benchmark range was
warranted”. Given the need to differentiate between local and transnational
syndicates, a sentence of nine months’ imprisonment was warranted. The
circumstances in Keeping Mark John are very different from the present case,
but it demonstrates that for a case of a local nature involving small value
items (such as the present), a sentence of about six months’ imprisonment
would be more appropriate.

14 Lastly, I find that there is no reason to disturb the District Judge’s
decision to order the sentences in DAC 931281/2019, DAC 933435/2019 and DAC
933445/2019 to run consecutively, as this reflects the overall criminality of
the Appellant and the persistent pattern of his offending.

15 For these reasons, I allow the Appellant’s appeal against sentence to the
extent of reducing the sentence in DAC 931281/2019 from nine months to six
months’ imprisonment. This sentence is to run consecutively with the sentences
in DAC 933435/2019 and DAC 933445/2019. The appeal against the remaining
individual sentences is dismissed. The global sentence is thus nine months and
one week’s imprisonment.

  

Vincent Hoong

Judge of the High Court

Lulla Ammar Khan and Derek Kang (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the Appellant;

Dhiraj G Chainani (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Aug 2022 (17:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

