Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 308

Originating Application No 555 of 2022

In the matter of Section 180(7) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018

And

In the matter of MCL Land (Vantage) Pte Ltd (in Members’ Voluntary
Liquidation)

Between

The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 4701  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

MCL Land (Vantage) Pte Ltd (In Members’ Voluntary Liquidation)  
---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Insolvency Law — Dissolution — Deferment of dissolution]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 4701

  
v

  

MCL Land (Vantage) Pte Ltd (in members’ voluntary liquidation)

[2022] SGHC 308

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 555 of 2022  
Goh Yihan JC  
5 October 2022

9 December 2022

Goh Yihan JC:

1 The applicant is the management corporation for the development known as
Lake Grande, which is located at 2, 4, 6, 8 and 10 Jurong Lake Link, Singapore
648131 (“the Development”). The respondent is the developer of the
Development. This was the applicant’s application to defer the dissolution of
the respondent pursuant to s 180(7) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the IRDA”).

2 I was originally scheduled to hear the parties on an expedited basis on 5
October 2022. This was because the respondent would have been dissolved on 7
October 2022, rendering any decision after that date moot. However, before the
hearing took place, the parties agreed to record a consent order on 3 October
2022. Accordingly, I vacated the scheduled hearing. Further, being satisfied
that the draft order was in accordance with the terms of s 180(7) of the IRDA,
I approved the following consent order between the parties on 5 October 2022:

(a) That, pursuant to s 180(7) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018, the date which the dissolution of the Defendant is to
take effect be deferred until after their outstanding obligations and
liabilities to the Claimant be discharged, or until after the outstanding
obligations and liabilities are assigned or novated to a third party to be
agreed;

(b) That there be no order as to costs; and

(c) That there be liberty to apply.

3 Because there has not been a local decision on the application of s 180(7)
of the IRDA (“s 180(7)”), as well as its predecessor provision, s 308(6) of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”), I set out the
reasons for my decision in these grounds. However, before I do so, and
although it is strictly not necessary for me to do so, I will briefly explain
why I have decided to issue grounds even though the parties had recorded a
consent order and did not make any detailed submissions on the law before me.

4 In the first place, this is not a situation where the parties have settled
their dispute through a private commercial agreement pending the issuance of a
court judgment after full arguments were heard. Unlike cases such as Barclays
Bank plc v Nylon Capital LLP [2012] 1 All ER (Comm) 912 (“Barclays Bank”), the
consent order in the present case was not a private commercial agreement
between the parties. Rather, the consent order was made pursuant to the terms
of s 180(7). As such, I did not think that the principles laid down in
Barclays Bank (and referred to by the Court of Appeal in Tan Ng Kuang Nicky
(the duly appointed joint and several liquidator of Sembawang Engineers and
Constructors Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)) and others v Metax Eco
Solutions Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 1135 at [82]), in relation to when a court can
give judgment when parties had settled after a case has been fully argued,
applied in the present case. Furthermore, despite the parties not having made
arguments before me, I had to be satisfied that I was exercising my discretion
under s 180(7) in a manner that was consistent with the law. Put differently,
it would not be right for me to approve the consent order without applying my
mind to whether it is consistent with the terms of s 180(7). This alone would
require me to consider the reasons for approving the consent order, which
would explain why I have decided to issue grounds.

5 Second, in light of the fact that the parties had reached an agreement to
record a consent order, I wrote to the parties out of an abundance of caution
to ask if they had any concerns should I issue grounds in the circumstances. I
did so because one of the relevant factors in Barclays Bank (at [76]), which I
do not think applies in any event, is the concerns of the parties to the
litigation. In the end, neither party replied to say they had any concerns. In
fact, the respondent, which is the party whose dissolution is being deferred,
wrote in to say expressly that they had no concerns with me issuing grounds in
the present case. Accordingly, I did not see the parties’ interests, if at all
relevant in the circumstances, as an impediment towards the issuance of
grounds.

6 For these reasons, including the provision of guidance on the application of
s 180(7) in the absence of any local precedent in this regard, I decided to
issue these grounds despite the parties having agreed to record a consent
order without having made full arguments before me.

Background facts

7 The present application had come about in the following way. The applicant
first learned that the respondent was in voluntary liquidation when its
managing agent received an email from the respondent’s customer management
manager, Mr Bradford Thong (“Mr Thong”), on 25 July 2022. Mr Thong had signed
off as representing “MCL Land (Vantage) Pte Ltd (In Liquidation)”, despite
having corresponded with the applicant previously as a customer management
manager of MCL Land Limited, the parent company of the respondent. Having
investigated further following this email, the applicant discovered that the
respondent had been in members’ voluntary liquidation since 12 May 2021.
Because the respondent had held a final general meeting on 1 July 2022, the
applicant believed that the respondent is due to be dissolved sometime in
early October 2022.

8 However, there were two outstanding matters that had arisen in June and July
2022 which had not been resolved between the parties:

(a) On or about 1 June 2022, the applicant was notified by the respondent that
Fermax Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, one of the respondent’s sub-contractors for the
Development, was discontinuing an app which was necessary for the operation of
the video intercom system built into the Development. Without the app or a
reasonable replacement, the video intercom system would be effectively
defunct. The applicant was in the process of discussing a solution to this
with the respondent.

(b) On or about 7 July 2022, the applicant had sent the respondent a list of
defects in the common area for the respondent to rectify. Mr Thong had
informed the applicant that the respondent or MCL Land Limited were reviewing
the list of defects with the main contractor. While the main contractor had
attended to some of the matters on the list of defects, most of the defects
remained unresolved without a firm commitment from the respondent to rectify
them.

9 While the applicant was prepared to resolve these matters in due course, its
approach changed as soon as it discovered the respondent’s imminent
dissolution. The applicant became concerned that, if the respondent were to be
dissolved, then there would be no party responsible for these two outstanding
matters. The applicant therefore took steps and instructed its solicitors to
write to the respondent and MCL Land Limited on 29 August 2022. The purpose of
the correspondence was to invite the respondent to formally assign its
outstanding obligations and liabilities to MCL Land Limited. This would allow
the applicant to continue the resolution of the two outstanding matters with
MCL Land Limited even after the respondent was dissolved.

10 On 5 September 2022, MCL Land Limited responded to say that it was
“prepared, on a goodwill basis and without accepting any liability or
obligation whatsoever” to work with the main contractor for the Development to
resolve the defects issue. However, MCL Land Limited did not wish to formally
take over the respondent’s obligations and liabilities. It also did not
address the other outstanding matter in relation to the video intercom app.

11 Accordingly, the applicant made the present application to defer the date
of the respondent’s dissolution until after the respondent’s outstanding
obligations and liabilities owed to the applicant are discharged, either
through amicable settlement or litigation. Alternatively, the applicant
applied to defer the date of the respondent’s dissolution until its
obligations and liabilities are assigned or novated to a third party to be
agreed between the parties. Ultimately, the applicant’s main concern was to
have a party be responsible for the two outstanding matters, whether this was
the respondent or otherwise.

The applicable law

Overview

12 The present application was made pursuant to s 180(7), which provides as
follows:

Final account and dissolution

180.— (7) Despite subsection (6), the Court may, on the application of the
liquidator or of any other person who appears to the Court to be interested,
make an order deferring the date at which the dissolution of the company is to
take effect for such time as the Court thinks fit.

For completeness, since s 180(7) refers to s 180(6) of the IRDA, the latter
subsection provides as follows:

180.— (6) On the expiration of 3 months after the lodging of the return with
the Registrar of Companies and with the Official Receiver, the company is
dissolved.

Essentially, the company is automatically dissolved under s 180(6) on the
expiration of three months after the liquidator’s lodgement of the return with
the Registrar of Companies and the Official Receiver, and no further formality
is required. This is then subject to any court order made under s 180(7)
deferring the date of dissolution upon an application of the liquidator or any
other interested person. Section 180(7) was previously s 308(6) of the
Companies Act (“s 308(6)”) until it was repealed following the IRDA coming
into force in July 2020.

13 Despite s 180(7) being part of Singapore law in one form or another long
before 2020, the Singapore courts have never considered its application in a
substantive decision. Indeed, there has only been one decision which referred
to s 308(6), and this is the High Court decision of Vasudevan v Icab Pte Ltd
[1987] SLR(R) 46 (“Vasudevan”).

14 The plaintiff in Vasudevan had made an application under s 308(6) for the
dissolution of the defendant to be deferred until after the determination of a
lawsuit between the parties. However, while the plaintiff had cited two
foreign cases in support of his application under s 308(6), Chan Sek Keong JC
(as he then was) did not consider those cases to be relevant to the section.
The learned judge therefore dismissed the application on the basis that the
plaintiff had not substantiated its application under s 308(6) as a matter of
law. Accordingly, Vasudevan does not constitute a relevant local case for the
application of s 180(7) in the present application.

15 Notwithstanding the lack of a local precedent, I was of the view that s
180(7) should be analysed in two steps. First, I had to consider who, apart
from the liquidator as expressly provided for, was “any other person who
appears to the Court to be interested” (which I will henceforth refer to as a
“person interested”) for the purposes of s 180(7). Second, I had to consider
how I should exercise my discretion under s 180(7) to defer the dissolution of
a company. In particular, I had to consider the relevant factors that should
affect the exercise of my discretion to order such a deferment.

Who is a “person interested” for the purposes of s 180(7)?

16 In analysing s 180(7), I first considered who is a “person interested” for
the purposes of s 180(7). More specifically, I was concerned with who comes
within the definition of “any other person who appears to the Court to be
interested” within the context of s 180(7). While the word “interested”
appears over 20 times in the IRDA, and it is mostly used to describe a “person
interested” or an “interested person”, it is never explicitly defined. This is
not surprising. Indeed, in a different context, the Court of Appeal in
Singapore Shooting Association and others v Singapore Rifle Association [2020]
1 SLR 395 (at [155]) held that the expression “any person interested in the
charity” is one incapable of any precise meaning.

17 However, while the expression “person interested” is not defined in the
context of s 180(7), this does not mean that the courts have a free rein in
defining the expression. Indeed, as ICC Judge Barber noted in Re BCB
Environmental Management Limited (in liquidation); Hellard and another v
Registrar of Companies and others [2021] 1 All ER 1221 (at 1229), it is
important that courts do not attempt to legislate on the meaning of an
expression which Parliament has deliberately left open. The learned judge had
said this in the context of the meaning of a “person … interested” for an
application to restore a company to the register under s 1029(2) of the
Companies Act 2006 (c 46) (UK). It is, therefore, important to interpret
“person interested” as it appears in s 180(7) in its specific context. I
derived support for this approach from Megarry J’s perceptive remarks in Re
Roehampton Swimming Pool Ltd [1968] 1 WLR 1693 (at 1698), which were made in
the context of an order for the revival of a defunct company:

The word ‘interest’ is, of course, susceptible of more meanings than one; and
like so much of the English language, its meaning often has to be discerned
from the context. In relation to making an order for the revival of a defunct
company, it seems to me to be more probable that the word refers to a
pecuniary or proprietary interest than that it embraces all matters of
curiosity or concern. … I cannot conceive that Parliament intended that a man
who felt a lifelong concern for dissolved companies should be free to gratify
his passion by reviving them under section 352, however deep and genuine his
feelings, and whether his affections were spread among all such unfortunates,
all concentrated on one favoured corporation. …

[emphasis added]

18 With this broad approach in mind, I turned to s 180(7). In this regard, in
the English High Court decision of Re Border Control Solutions Ltd; Kumar v
Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy and another
[2022] 1 BCLC 454 (“Re Border Control”), ICC Judge Barber had to interpret ss
205(3) and 205(4) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (“IA 1986”), which
provide as follows:

Dissolution otherwise than under ss 202-204

…

(3) The Secretary of State may, on the application of the Official Receiver or
any other person who appears to the Secretary of State to be interested, give
a direction deferring the date at which the dissolution of the company is to
take effect for such period as the Secretary of State thinks fit.

(4) An appeal to the court lies from any decision of the Secretary of State on
an application for a direction under subsection (3).

…

While ss 205(3) and 205(4) are not identical with s 180(7) of the IRDA, they
are significantly similar. In particular, s 205(3) replicates largely the
“person interested” provision found in s 180(7), albeit differing in terms of
whether it is the Secretary of State or the Court who should assess such
interest. In my view, notwithstanding this difference, the interpretation of s
205(3) in Re Border Control, in particular, in relation to the meaning of
“person interested” in a highly similar context, was helpful in my
interpretation of s 180(7).

19 In Re Border Control, Kumar was the sole director and shareholder of Border
Control Solutions Ltd (“BCS”). BCS entered into liquidation in 2018. The
Official Receiver had initially sought to defer BCS’s dissolution as more time
was needed to conduct investigations into its affairs. The Secretary of State,
pursuant to s 205(3) of the IA 1986, in turn ordered that BCS’s dissolution
would be deferred until May 2025, as opposed to February 2021. It subsequently
turned out that the Official Receiver’s investigations would be completed much
earlier, during the course of 2021. This meant that the deferment sought was
no longer needed. Kumar sought to challenge the deferment under s 205(4) on
the basis that the continuing period of deferment suggested that
investigations were ongoing, which cast aspersions of Kumar’s conduct as a
director of BCS, and which, in turn, made it difficult for him to obtain
financing for his new business ventures. In this context, Judge Barber had to
consider who had standing under s 205(4) to bring an appeal against the
Secretary of State’s decision. The learned judge agreed with counsel that such
persons had to encompass those who had standing to apply to the Secretary of
State under s 205(3), which therefore necessitated the interpretation of the
“person interested” expression in that section. The relevance of Re Border
Control to the present case is due to the similarity between the “person
interested” expression in s 205(3) of the IA 1986 and s 180(7) of the IRDA.

20 In considering this issue, Judge Barber first noted (at [12]) that s 205(4)
of the IA 1986 does not expressly address the issue of who has standing to
bring an appeal (similar to the situation under s 180(7) of the IRDA).
Instead, Judge Barber derived considerable support from the Privy Council
decision of Deloitte & Touche AG v Johnson [1999] 1 WLR 1605 (“Deloitte”). In
that case, the Privy Council had to consider an application to remove
liquidators brought by a defendant to proceedings instituted by the
liquidators on behalf of the company. However, the defendant was a stranger to
the liquidation. The key question that emerged thus was whether the defendant
had standing as a person interested. Lord Millett, who delivered the decision
of the Board, said that there are two different kinds of cases that must be
distinguished when considering a party’s standing to make an application to
court. The first is when the court is asked to exercise a power conferred on
it by statute. In such a case, the court must interpret the statute and
consider if the applicant comes within the category of persons identified in
the statute. If not, the court has no jurisdiction to consider the matter.
Neither s 205(3) of the IA 1986 nor s 180(7) of the IRDA expressly defines the
category of persons who may be interested.

21 The second kind of case identified by Lord Millett in Deloitte is when a
court is asked to exercise a statutory power on the application of a person
with a sufficient interest to make it. Lord Millett explained that judicial
restraint is required so that the court does not accord too wide a meaning to
the expression (or create too broad a category of persons who are interested).
Lord Millett’s solution was to ask if the applicant has a “legitimate interest
in the relief sought”. This is narrower than an applicant who merely “has an
interest in making the application or may be affected by its outcome” (see
Deloitte at 1611).

22 Returning to Re Border Control, Judge Barber similarly applied the
“legitimate interest” test to s 205(3) of the IA 1986. Specifically, in
considering “who appears to the Secretary of State to be interested”, the
learned judge held that an applicant must demonstrate a “legitimate interest”
in the relief sought (at [21]). On the facts of the case, Judge Barber found
(at [23]) that Kumar had standing to bring the appeal. This was because as the
sole director and shareholder of BCS, Kumar was clearly affected by the
continuation of the deferment. The deferment had clearly affected Kumar’s
ability to pursue new business ventures. Accordingly, pursuant to ss 205(3)
and 205(4) (being a person “interested” in a deferral by the Secretary of
State under s 205(3) so as to have standing under s 205(4) to appeal), Kumar
had a legitimate interest in the relief sought by the appeal before Judge
Barber.

23 In my judgment, given the similarity in the relevant wordings between s
205(3) of the IA 1986 and s 180(7) of the IRDA, the “legitimate interest” test
is an appropriate one to apply in determining who is a “person interested”
within the terms of s 180(7). More specifically, I considered that “a person
who appears to the Court to be interested” as referred to in s 180(7) must be
one who has a legitimate interest in the deferment of the dissolution, and not
merely one who has an interest in making the application or one who may be
affected by its outcome.

24 I also found it appropriate to refer briefly to the Australian authorities.
In this regard, the relevant provisions, ss 509(5) and 509(6) of the previous
Australian Corporations Act 1989 (Cth) (“the Australian Act”) (these are now
found in ss 509(1) and 509(2) of the present Australian Corporations Act 2001
(Cth)) provide as follows:

Final meeting and dissolution

…

(5) Subject to subsection (6), at the end of the period of 3 months after the
lodging of the return the company is dissolved.

(6) On the application of the liquidator or of any other party who appears to
the Court to be interested, the Court may, before the end of the period of 3
months referred to in subsection (5), by order, declare that subsection (5) is
not to apply in relation to the company and specify the date on which the
company is to be dissolved and, where the Court makes such an order, the
company is dissolved on the date specified in the order.

As can be observed, s 509(6) of the Australian Act is highly similar to s
180(7) of the IRDA.

25 The Australian jurisprudence has developed in a more piecemeal fashion
compared to the English authorities, but the relevant cases have generally
held that a person seeking to maintain a claim against the company (see the
Federal Court of Australia decision of Programmed Maintenance Services Ltd v
Ranelagh House Pty Ltd (in liq) [2008] FCA 1974 at [6]–[8]), or a person who
is at risk of its claim being defeated if the company is deregistered (see the
Federal Court of Australia decision of Commonwealth of Australia v Castel
Electronics Pty Ltd, in the matter of Castel Electronics Pty Ltd [2022] FCA
432 at [9]) may fall within the definition of a “person interested”. Broadly
speaking, this coheres with the English position as the focal point is whether
the applicant has a legitimate interest in the deferment of the dissolution.
For completeness, the “person interested” must make the application for
deferment prior to the expiration of the three months period after the
lodgement of the relevant documents by the liquidator as the company would
cease to exist after that (see above at [12]; see also, the Supreme Court of
Western Australia decision in Re Steelmaster Pty Ltd (in liq); Kenney v McCann
(as liquidator of Steelmaster Pty Ltd) [1992] 6 ACSR 494 at 495).

When should a court exercise its discretion under s 180(7) to defer the
dissolution of a company?

The “proper purpose” test

26 Having resolved the meaning of a “person interested” within the terms of s
180(7), I turned next to consider when a court should exercise its discretion
under that subsection to defer the dissolution of a company. For reasons I
will develop, I applied a “proper purpose” test in considering whether to
exercise my discretion.

27 I start with examining the English authorities. In Re Border Control, on
the substantive aspects of the application, the court found that it would have
been appropriate for the Secretary of State to have deferred the dissolution
for a period of six months to enable further time to investigate the affairs
of the company (due to suspicions of wrongdoing), but that a period of five
years was unnecessarily long (at [56]–[57]). Thus, the continued existence of
the company was necessary for the purpose of investigation. It is clear that
having a beneficial purpose to be served by the deferral is important. For
example, in the English Court of Appeal decision of Stanhope Pension Trust Ltd
and another v Registrar of Companies and another [1994] 1 BCLC 628 at 635, an
order for deferral could serve the purpose of enabling a company to claim
under an indemnity for rent due.

28 Turning then to the Australian decisions, I derived considerable support
from the Supreme Court of South Australia decision of Kerol Pty Ltd and
another v Vergeld Engineering Pty Ltd and others (SASC, Burley J, No
SCGRG-97-1497, 30 April 1998, unreported, BC9801788) (“Kerol”). In that case,
the plaintiffs sought an order under s 509(5) of the Australian Act to defer
the dissolution of the defendant company so that they (the plaintiffs) can
maintain proceedings in the District Court against the company. Those
proceedings related to an alleged breach by the company and others of a
restraint of trade clause contained in a contract for the sale of a business.

29 Burley J explained that the discretion to defer the dissolution should only
be exercised where:

(a) an interested party who has standing under any of the provisions of the
Law, needs to take an application relating to the administration of the
liquidation;

(b) the continued existence of the company is necessary in order to effect
some proper purpose.

On the facts of Kerol, the learned judge held that (a) would cover any
application made to recover the surplus assets from the respective
contributories, and (b) would cover the maintenance of proceedings in the
District Court against the company by the plaintiffs. As such, the general
proposition which I derived from Kerol is that the guiding principle in the
exercise of my discretion under s 180(7) to defer the dissolution of a company
is whether the continued existence of the company is necessary in order to
effect some “proper purpose”.

30 The principles of law enunciated in Kerol then culminated in the seminal
decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in Re Rosaub Pty Ltd (in liq)
[2005] 54 ACSR 371 (“Re Rosaub”). In determining whether the court should
exercise its discretion to grant a deferral of dissolution, the court had this
to say (at [10] and [12]):

10 In relation to the substantive question, the legislation does not seek to
define or qualify the court’s discretion except in a timing sense (in that an
order under s 509(6) can only be made before the end of 3 months after the
lodgment of the s 509(3) return or, as here, the s 509(4) return). Case law
provides little guidance as to considerations relevant to the exercise of the
discretion. Judge Burley, a Master of the Supreme Court of South Australia,
dealing with an earlier version of s 509(6) in Kerol Pty Ltd v Vergeld
Engineering Pty Ltd (SASC, Burley J, No SCGRG-97-1497, 30 April 1998,
unreported, BC9801788) expressed the opinion that the discretion is properly
exercised where ‘the continued existence of the company is necessary in order
to effect some proper purpose’. To like effect is the decision of Austin J in
Re Walker (as liq of SC Australia Pty Ltd) [1999] NSWSC 176 where an order was
made because, if deregistration was not deferred, certain persons ‘would
suffer a loss to which there is no particular reason to subject them’.

…

12 I am satisfied that, if some apparently beneficial purpose will, according
to the evidence, be served by a deferral, the deferral should be granted,
particularly where it is the liquidator who puts forward the need for
deferral. Creation of an opportunity to explore fully the possibility of
further and hitherto unrecognised avenues of recovery for the benefit of the
administration must, of its nature, represent such a beneficial purpose.

31 Barrett J first noted in Re Rosaub that the legislative provision does not
seek to define or qualify the court’s discretion (except in a timing sense
with the three-month deadline). Barrett J then proceeded to restate the
principles from cases such as Kerol and also made his own observations of the
relevant principles:

(a) The discretion is properly exercised where “the continued existence of the
company is necessary in order to effect some proper purpose” (see Re Rosaub at
[10], citing Kerol).

(b) An order should be made where, if dissolution was not deferred, certain
persons “would suffer a loss to which there is no particular reason to subject
them” (see Re Rosaub at [10], citing Re Walker (as liq of SC Australia Pty
Ltd) [1999] NSWSC 176).

(c) Further, “if some apparently beneficial purpose will, according to the
evidence, be served by a deferral, the deferral should be granted,
particularly where it is the liquidator who puts forward the need for
deferral”, and that the “opportunity to explore fully the possibility of
further and hitherto unrecognised avenues of recovery for the benefit of the
administration must, of its nature, represent such a beneficial purpose” (see
Re Rosaub at [12]).

Barrett J was satisfied in Re Rosaub (at [13]) that the exercise of discretion
to order deferral was appropriate in that case as the company may pursue the
possibility of recovering moneys under an insurance claims support scheme.

32 The broad principles laid down in Re Rosaub have since been followed and
applied without modification by various Australian decisions such as Re ACN
002 408 040 PTY LTD (in liq) [2013] 94 ACSR 485 (“Re ACN”) (at [11]–[12]), Re
Santos Petroleum Operations Pty Ltd (in liq) [2016] SASC 201 (“Re Santos") (at
[8]), and Campbell-Wilson v Australian Securities and Investments Commission
[2017] FCA 391 (at [12]).

33 More broadly, the Supreme Court of South Australia in Re Santos, after
having set out the law based on Kerol and Re Rosaub (at [7]–[8]), also
attempted to elaborate upon the underlying rationale behind s 509(6) of the
Australian Act (the analogue of s 180(7) of the IRDA) and stated as such (at
[9]): “The provision is a beneficial or remedial provision which permits a
court to avoid an unintended outcome arising from a rigid application of the
three month time period for deregistration required by s 509(5). As such, it
provides a broad discretion and should not be read narrowly”, and at the end
of the day, “[a]s Judge Burley said [in Kerol], it is available to be used for
a proper purpose of the company” [emphasis added].

Primary example of “proper purpose”

34 Accordingly, from these principles, what amounts to a “proper purpose”
would depend on the facts of each case. However, it is possible to lay down
some general examples of when it might be said that the continued existence of
the company is necessary in order to effect some “proper purpose”.

35 From the cases, the primary example is where there is pending proceedings
against the company, which would require the continued existence of the
company (eg, in Re ACN, it was held that a law firm which had performed legal
work for the company should be allowed to pursue its arguable claims in
outstanding legal fees against the company facing deregistration). Thus, in
the Supreme Court of New South Wales decision of Billingham re W M Ritchie
(Aust) Pty Ltd [2007] NSWSC 325, Barrett J ordered, pursuant to s 509(6) of
the Corporations Act 2001, that the Australian Securities and Investment
Commission (“ASIC”) deregisters the company concerned, W M Ritchie, six months
later than when it was supposed to be deregistered.

36 The reason for this was that the liquidators of W M Ritchie had become
aware of proceedings brought against W M Ritchie belatedly, after they had
completed their administration and distributed the surplus to the members. As
such, the liquidators of W M Ritchie sought an order under s 509(6) to defer
the deregistration of the company, so that they can enter into discussions to
reach a commercial resolution of the proceedings. The liquidators had
requested for a period of six months to enable them to take such steps as may
appear appropriate once they have made a full assessment of the overall
position. Barrett J thought that this was a “good and valid reason” for
deferring the deregistration of W M Ritchie (at [8]).

37 However, the mere existence of pending proceedings does not automatically
lead to an order for deferment. Thus, in Kerol, Burley J held that there would
be no point in deferring the dissolution even if there were pending
proceedings, if no useful purpose would be served by doing so. For example, in
that case, there would no point in deferring the dissolution to maintain the
District Court proceedings if any judgment obtained in such proceedings could
not be satisfied. However, on the facts of Kerol, the learned judge granted a
deferment because there was an arguable possibility of the company being able
to recover its surplus assets. This could be done through the liquidators
making an application to recover those assets and being indemnified by the
plaintiffs accordingly. On the length of the deferment, the learned judge held
that it would be appropriate to defer the dissolution of the company for a
period of time to enable the District Court proceedings to be continued
against the company.

38 Also, the position of the liquidator may not necessarily detract from
allowing deferment of dissolution. In Kerol, in the course of his
consideration whether to exercise his discretion to defer the dissolution of
the company, Burley J also discussed if the position of the liquidator in
relation to the District Court proceedings was a relevant factor in the
exercise of his discretion. If dissolution is deferred, then the applicants
would be able to continue proceedings against the company. On this front, the
liquidator must then decide if he is able to defend those proceedings. If he
has no funds to cover the cost of defending the proceedings, his duty would
cease with a request for funding to any persons (who have interest in
defending those proceedings) if such a request is not met. As such, the
learned judge opined that the position of the liquidator did not detract from
the making of an order for deferment.

39 Lastly, even where there was an existence of a proper purpose to seek a
deferment of dissolution, that “must be balanced against the liquidator’s
interest and, possibly, that of other creditors and contributories in bringing
the winding up to an end at the earliest practicable time” (see Re ACN at
[12]). Any order extending the time should be for the shortest practicable
period. This is why the court in Re Border Control (at [55]–[57]) was loathe
to agree with the long period of deferral extending to five years granted by
the Secretary of State when a duration of six months would have been
sufficient to investigate the affairs of the company and the prolonged
deferral thus “serves no useful purpose”.

Summary of the proper application of s 180(7)

40 In summary, in the absence of any previous or binding authority, I decided
that the following principles are to guide the proper application of s 180(7):

(a) The “legitimate interest” test should be applied in determining who is a
“person interested” within the terms of s 180(7). More specifically, a “person
who appears to the Court to be interested” as referred to in s 180(7) must be
one who has a legitimate interest in the deferment of the dissolution, and not
merely one who has an interest in making the application or one who may be
affected by its outcome.

(b) The “proper purpose” test should guide the exercise of the court’s
discretion under s 180(7) to defer the dissolution of a company. More
specifically, the court must consider whether the continued existence of the
company is necessary in order to effect some “proper purpose”. While what
amounts to a “proper purpose” will depend on the facts of each case, a primary
example of such a “proper purpose” is the existence of pending proceedings
against the company that are arguable, which would require the company’s
existence to resolve.

(c) Ultimately, quite apart from these two tests, the court should assess the
facts in the round and decide if the exercise of the discretion to defer the
dissolution of the company would be an appropriate one to take in the
circumstances. Any order extending the time should be for a reasonable period
only to eschew unnecessary delay.

Application of the law to the present application

41 Having considered the applicable principles as above, I proceeded to apply
them to the present application.

42 First, applying the “legitimate interest” test, I decided that the
applicant was a “person interested” within the terms of s 180(7). In my
judgment, the applicant, being the management corporation of the Development,
clearly had a legitimate interest in the deferment of the respondent’s
dissolution given that there were the two outstanding matters which had not
yet been resolved between the parties (see above at [8]). I did not think that
the applicant was merely a party who would be affected by the outcome of the
dissolution. Rather, there was a close relationship between the applicant as
the management corporation of the Development, and the respondent, as the
developer of the Development. I found that this close relationship conferred
on the applicant a legitimate interest in the deferment of the respondent’s
dissolution. This meant that the applicant had the requisite standing to enter
into an agreement to record the consent order with the respondent in the first
place.

43 Second, applying the “proper purpose” test, I decided that the continued
existence of the respondent was necessary in order to effect some “proper
purpose”. While the present case did not concern a pending proceeding against
the respondent, it did concern two outstanding matters which could only be
resolved by the respondent, either directly or through assignment. There is
the risk that if the respondent were to be dissolved, then there would be no
party responsible for these two outstanding matters. I did not think that it
was satisfactory for the respondent as the developer of the Development, which
meant that it was the primary point of contact for the applicant, to leave the
two outstanding matters unresolved, without so much as informing the applicant
of its pending dissolution.

44 Third, I considered the facts of the present application in the round. In
my view, while there will be other parties whose interests will be best served
by the scheduled dissolution of the respondent, the primary party to whom the
respondent is responsible is the applicant. As I said above, it was not
satisfactory for the respondent to leave the two outstanding matters
unresolved.

45 Therefore, it seemed to me appropriate to defer the dissolution of the
respondent to a date after its outstanding obligations and liabilities to the
applicant are resolved. I agreed with the terms of the consent order that this
deferment should reasonably be until such a date as the respondent
discharging, assigning, or novating its obligations and liabilities to a third
party as agreed.

Conclusion

46 For all these reasons, pursuant to s 180(7), I approved the consent order
as agreed between the parties. I was satisfied that the consent order was
consistent with the terms of s 180(7).

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Tan Siew Bin Ronnie, Twang Kern Zern and Simone Bamapriya Chettiar (Central
Chambers Law Corporation) for the applicant;

Chua Sui Tong and Ng Tse Jun Russell (Rev Law LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Dec 2022 (10:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

