Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 265

Criminal Case No 34 of 2021

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Shen Hanjie  
---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Misuse of Drugs Act —
Courier]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Shen Hanjie

[2022] SGHC 265

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 34 of 2021  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
27 October 2022

27 October 2022 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

1 On 9 May 2022, I convicted the accused, Shen Hanjie, of one charge of
trafficking not less than 34.94g of diamorphine, which is an offence under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“MDA”). I now deliver my decision on sentencing using the same abbreviations
defined in the judgment on conviction which can be found at Public Prosecutor
v Shen Hanjie [2022] SGHC 103. By s 33(1) of the MDA read with its Second
Schedule, the mandatory punishment prescribed for trafficking more than 15g of
diamorphine under s 5(1) of the MDA is death. If the accused qualifies for the
alternative sentencing regime under ss 33B(1)(a) or 33B(1)(b) of the MDA, the
mandatory death sentence can be substituted with a sentence of life
imprisonment. As the accused in the present case does not fall within either
ss 33B(1)(a) or 33B(1)(b) of the MDA, I pass the mandatory death sentence on
him.

2 These are my reasons.

3 The criteria that an offender must meet to benefit from the alternative
sentencing regimes are set out in ss 33B(1)–(3) of the MDA:

33B.—(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under section
5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth column of
the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court —

(a) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes; or

(b) shall, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (3), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life.

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(a) are as follows:

(a) the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his or her transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub‑paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

(3) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(b) are that the person
convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that —

(a) his involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his or her transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub‑paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) he was suffering from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a
condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes
or induced by disease or injury) as substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to the offence under
section 5(1) or 7.

To fall within s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA, the accused has to establish two
cumulative requirements, namely, that his involvement in the offence for which
he was convicted was restricted to the acts enumerated in s 33B(2)(a) of the
MDA (which I shall refer to as the acts of a “courier”), and that he has been
issued a certificate of substantive assistance by the Public Prosecutor (s
33B(2)(b) of the MDA). To qualify for the alternative sentencing regime under
s 33B(1)(b) of the MDA, the accused has to meet two cumulative requirements,
that is, his involvement in the offence for which he was convicted was
restricted to the acts of a courier (s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA), and he was
suffering from an abnormality of mind within the meaning of s 33B(3)(b) of the
MDA.

4 The Defence rightly acknowledges that there is no evidence of the accused
suffering from an abnormality of mind and has confirmed that it is not
contending otherwise. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

9 May 2022 Transcript at p 4 lines 11–13; Further Submissions of the Accused
Person dated 13 June 2022 (“DSS”) at footnote 2.

Indeed, Dr Raja Sathy Velloo’s unchallenged evidence is that the accused has
no mental disorder or intellectual disability and was not of unsound mind at
the time of the offence. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB 267.

The alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(b) of the MDA is thus
inapplicable to the accused. Neither is the alternative sentencing regime
under s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA available to the accused since the Public
Prosecutor has indicated that he will not be issuing the accused a certificate
of substantive assistance. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s Submissions on Sentence dated 13 June 2022 (“PSS”) at para 13.

For these reasons alone, the accused is not eligible for the alternative
sentence of life imprisonment under s 33B(1) of the MDA.

5 Nevertheless, since parties have submitted on whether the accused’s
involvement in the offence for which he was convicted was restricted to the
acts of a courier, I will proceed to consider this point.

6 The accused bears the burden of proving that his involvement in the offence
for which he was convicted was restricted to the acts of a courier as defined
in ss 33B(2)(a) and 33B(3)(a) of the MDA. Placing aside the primary acts of
transporting, sending or delivering controlled drugs to the intended recipient
and offering to do such acts, the common thread that runs through the other
types of conduct falling within ss 33B(2)(a) or 33B(3)(a) of the MDA is that
they are all acts that are “facilitative of” or “incidental to” these primary
acts (Zainudin bin Mohamed v Public Prosecutor [2018] 1 SLR 449 (“Zainudin”)
at [81]).

7 In this case, the conduct which can potentially take the accused out of ss
33B(2)(a) or 33B(3)(a) of the MDA is his repacking of some of the Drugs found
in exhibits D4, D6, D7 and D8 (the “Repacked Drugs”). That he did so is
undisputed by the Prosecution and the Defence. This explains why the accused’s
DNA was found on exhibits D4, D4C2, D6A, D6A1, D6A2, D6B, D7A, D7B, D7C and
D8A. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

16 July 2021 Transcript at p 13 lines 18–25 and p 25 line 1 to p 27 line 18;
PSS at para 6; DSS at para 13 (read with ASOF at para 29 which states which
exhibits have the accused’s DNA found on it).

The evidence does not go so far as to show that the accused had repacked the
rest of the Drugs. The question is whether the accused has shown that his act
of repacking the Repacked Drugs simpliciter is a facilitative or incidental
act of the sort falling within ss 33B(2)(a) or 33B(3)(a) of the MDA.

8 Acts which are “incidental to” the primary acts of transporting, sending or
delivering controlled drugs are secondary or subordinate acts that occur or
are likely to occur in the course or as a consequence of such sending,
transporting or delivering (Zainudin at [84]), and are “highly proximate to
the nature and purpose of those primary acts” [emphasis in original] (Zainudin
at [86]). An example of such an act is the receipt of money, which is natural
and appurtenant to a drug delivery given the inherently transactional nature
of the activity (Zainudin at [86]). The Court of Appeal in Zainudin at [85]
cautioned that a “controlled and generally restrictive approach” to what
constitutes incidental acts must be taken in the light of Parliament’s clear
intention to circumscribe the remit of s 33B of the MDA. Hence, “[b]road
assertions that the offender’s act can be regarded as incidental, unsupported
by any explanation of how the act in question satisfies the definition
provided above and without adequate reference to the factual circumstances of
the case, will generally not be accepted” (Zainudin at [85]). Here, the
Defence does not appear to have drawn a distinction between “incidental acts”
and “facilitative acts”. Consequently, the Defence has not provided an
explanation of how the accused’s act of repacking the Repacked Drugs
simpliciter is “highly proximate to the nature and purpose” of drug delivery
such that it is an act that will occur or is likely to occur in the course or
as a consequence of drug delivery. In my judgment, having regard to the
circumscribed nature of s 33B of the MDA and the nature and purpose of
transporting, sending or delivering drugs in general, repacking drugs, without
more, has no role in these primary acts in the ordinary course of things.
Accordingly, it is not incidental to these primary acts.

9 Nevertheless, repacking can still be an act that facilitates these primary
acts on the facts of a particular case. To be a facilitative act, the
repacking must be “preparatory to” or “for the purpose of” transporting,
sending or delivering controlled drugs; it must “enable or assist” the
offender to carry out these primary acts, and not to accomplish any unrelated
aims which the offender may have in mind (see Zainudin at [82]). In this
connection, the court must have close regard to the accused’s reason or
purpose for repacking drugs, which is to be objectively ascertained upon
taking into account all the facts and context of the case (see Zainudin at
[92]). It is in this context that the accused’s evidence of the reason he
repacked the Repacked Drugs assumes critical importance (see Zainudin at
[92]–[95] and [110]–[111]).

10 Here, the accused’s explanation is that he had repacked the Repacked Drugs
into what were subsequently labelled exhibits D4, D6, D7 and D8 because their
original packaging was torn. This forms the thrust of the Defence’s case. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DSS at para 3.

I reject the accused’s explanation and the Defence’s case.

11 Firstly, I agree with the Prosecution that the accused gave inconsistent
evidence as to whether the original packaging was torn when he received the
Repacked Drugs. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PSS at paras 8–9.

12 In the accused’s 2nd Long Statement, the accused said that “when [he]
received the big black packet marked with D4, [he] did not open up to see what
[was] inside” [emphasis added]. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB 375–376 (para 26).

This indicated that exhibit D4 was the original packaging. There was also no
mention of there being an earlier packaging which was torn, which required the
accused to use exhibit D4 as a replacement packaging. However, at trial, the
accused said that he had received some of the Repacked Drugs in a torn black
zip lock bag and proceeded to repack them into exhibit D4 on Alan’s
instructions. As a result, his DNA was found on exhibits D4 and D4C2. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

16 July 2021 Transcript at p 24 lines 3–12 and p 25 lines 1–28; 21 July 2021
Transcript at p 44 lines 26–29; see also 22 July 2021 Transcript at p 15 lines
3–14.

When the accused’s attention was drawn to the conflict between his 2nd Long
Statement wherein he said that he did not open up exhibit D4, and his
aforementioned explanation for the presence of his DNA on exhibit D4, the
accused said that he could not remember which bags were torn and required
repacking, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

16 July 2021 Transcript at p 35 lines 2–9.

and was uncertain whether he opened the packaging of the Repacked Drugs found
in exhibit D4. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

21 July 2021 Transcript at p 34 lines 7–9 and p 35 lines 23–24.

13 In the accused’s 3rd Long Statement, the accused said: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 398 (para 29).

… For Photo 42 to Photo 46, I only recogni[s]e the big black plastic marked
with D5, D6, D7, D8 and D9 in Photo 42 and Photo 43. I received them from
‘Alan’ and they were already in the big black plastic. However, sometimes, if
some of the big black plastic is torn, then I will then put them into a
similar big black plastic. I do not know what is inside the big black plastic
when I collected them as I did not open up to check. I also did not ask ‘Alan’
what is inside, but I know that it is something illegal. I have the similar
big black plastic with me to pack the torn ones because they were also given
to me by ‘Alan’. For the rest of the items in Photo 43 to Photo 46, I do not
recogni[s]e them and I have never seen them before and have never touched them
before. … [emphasis added in bold italics]

The 3rd Long Statement indicated that exhibits D6, D7 and D8 were the original
packaging at the time of collection. There was no mention that the original
packaging was torn. The accused also expressly stated in his 3rd Long
Statement that he did not open up the exhibits to check their contents, and
that he had never seen the contents of exhibits D6, D7 and D8 prior to the
recording of this statement. Again, the accused’s evidence shifted at trial.
On the stand, the accused claimed that he had discovered that there was no
Erimin-5 in exhibits D6, D7 and D8 when he “wanted to change the bag which
were torn” and “saw the things inside”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

22 July 2021 Transcript at p 15 lines 27–30 (see also p 16 lines 4–12).

14 Secondly, the first time the accused claimed that the original packaging of
the Repacked Drugs was torn was during his examination-in-chief, when he was
asked to explain the presence of his DNA on various exhibits. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

16 July 2021 Transcript at p 25 line 1 to p 27 line 13.

Although the accused in his 3rd Long Statement said that “sometimes, if some
of the big black plastic [bags were] torn, [he would] put them into a similar
big plastic”, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB 398 (para 29).

he was merely describing his general practice. He did not specifically mention
in his statements that he had repacked the Repacked Drugs because their
original packaging was torn. This specific point was only raised at trial.
Even though the DNA reports were only issued by the HSA on 16 April 2019 after
seven out of eight of the investigative statements were taken, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Agreed Statement of Facts at para 29; AB 135–208.

the accused could still have mentioned that he had repacked the Repacked Drugs
in his statements at any point in time, regardless of when the DNA reports
were issued. The belatedness of this point undermines its veracity.

15 Thirdly, and relatedly, all these (at [11]–[14] above) cohere with the
finding in the judgment on conviction that the accused was a witness lacking
in credit. This is further reinforced by the conflict between the accused’s
evidence that he repacked the Repacked Drugs because the original packaging
was torn (which was first raised in his oral testimony) and his position in
his 2nd and 3rd Long Statements that he did not see the contents of the
exhibits at all. If the former was true, the accused would have seen at least
some of the items found within the exhibits; if the latter was true, that
would undermine the credibility of his claim that the original packaging was
torn which prompted him to repack the Repacked Drugs.

16 That said, to the accused’s credit, he consistently stated in his 3rd Long
Statement and oral testimony that he would change the drug packaging whenever
the original packaging was torn. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

21 July 2021 Transcript at p 39 lines 11–12, p 40 lines 19–21 and p 44 line
25; AB 398 (para 29).

However, this does not take the accused very far. This may be a general
practice of the accused, but the inquiry for the purposes of ss 33B(2)(a) and
33B(3)(a) of the MDA must be directed towards the accused’s acts in relation
to the particular consignment of drugs which form the subject matter of the
charge against him (Zamri bin Mohd Tahir v Public Prosecutor [2019] 1 SLR 724
at [15] and Mohammad Farid bin Batra v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
and other matters [2020] 1 SLR 907 at [95]). Evidence of the accused’s general
practice of repacking drugs to replace the original torn packaging has some
probative value to this inquiry. However, when weighed against his lack of
credit as a witness, his inconsistent evidence as to whether the original
packaging was torn when he received the Repacked Drugs (which are part of the
particular consignment of drugs which form the subject matter of his charge),
and the belated nature of this explanation, I disbelieve the accused’s
explanation that he had repacked the Repacked Drugs into what were
subsequently labelled exhibits D4, D6, D7 and D8 because their original
packaging was torn.

17 I now turn to deal with a few other arguments raised by the Defence. I
agree with the Defence that the evidence does not show that the accused had
weighed and divided the Drugs into smaller quantities, and neither is there
any indication that the accused had altered or adulterated the original mass
or quantity of the Drugs. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DSS at paras 10, 12 and 14.

It is also not the Prosecution’s case that the accused had done these acts.
However, the mere absence of other acts which would take the accused out of
the courier exception does little to advance the Defence’s case that the
accused had repacked the Repacked Drugs because their original packaging was
torn. The Defence complains that the Prosecution did not go further in cross-
examination to establish that the accused had repacked the Repacked Drugs for
another purpose apart from drug delivery. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DSS at para 14.

This is a meritless point, since the burden is on the Defence to show that the
accused’s purpose of repacking the Repacked Drugs was to facilitate drug
delivery; the onus is not on the Prosecution to show otherwise. The Defence
also points to the fact that the accused intended to deliver the Drugs to
third-party recipients. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DSS at para 11.

In my judgment, this fact is present each time an offender is convicted on a
trafficking charge and is thus insufficient on its own to support an inference
that the accused’s conduct of repacking is to facilitate the drug delivery.

18 Lastly, there is some merit in the Prosecution’s submission that there was
simply no reason for the accused to repack the Repacked Drugs even if their
original packaging was torn – if the original packaging was torn, it would be
more logical for the accused to contain the torn bags in a new black plastic
bag. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PSS at para 11.

When the Prosecution put this point to the accused at trial, the accused
agreed but said that he had changed the packaging anyway. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

21 July 2021 Transcript at p 48 lines 15–18.

In my judgment, this is an unsatisfactory response. In any case, even without
accepting this submission by the Prosecution, there are sufficient reasons to
reject the accused’s explanation that he had repacked the Repacked Drugs
because their original packaging was torn (see above at [11]–[16]).

19 In sum, having rejected the accused’s explanation that he had repacked the
Repacked Drugs into what were subsequently labelled exhibits D4, D6, D7 and D8
because their original packaging was torn, the evidence shows that the accused
had repacked the Repacked Drugs, without establishing that the purpose of this
act was to enable or assist him in his drug delivery. Hence, the accused’s act
of repacking has not been shown to be an act of a courier. This constitutes
another reason why the accused does not qualify for the alternative sentencing
regimes in s 33B(1) of the MDA, in addition to those already set out at [4]
above.

20 I therefore sentence the accused to the mandatory death penalty.

![](data:image/png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAADGIAAADoCAYAAAAelKN3AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAD6MSURBVHhe7d3rauu6FgbQAw2bktL3f9ycpl1pc7M1ZUuy5IwBk7X/7PgmyS580/4fAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAwAs4Hv53+vrnp97eTx8fn+f/hmHdjGnj+uV8vh9urv/h3bVnma3Wks+Pj9P729V2D8eq22y9PQAAAAAAAAAAAIAh3QeVf0tgnYF9fhxPh2fj+rveTu9HY3uv5q69RgxybbWWfPz3dretf1WpMaL19gAAAAAAAAAAAACGMx8s/VcaMfjyeXw/vT0bH3f19t/H+d9sP2+ZLx9mfnh7/UMdTkfje1fS11wjRiuhe8x9rQj811pHzlquJaH1tmBjROvtAQAAAAAAAAAAQHOTXy3YsgT1hxMJKv+W6/uyJt+MHq5YMPkvrF02QB1tHhHKH1/uvdE1r6PKM0qwAeDz4+P0/vbz/5S+vi3Wkuv9D9XKxojW2wMAAAAAAAAAAIBNddmIMVl13krNMovHjkaMl5PVqBOtmRDvX8NH4UaM4Jhf+hUPtrXoawv/SiNGOdEmhSI1cz+63o/ijRgV15LFDW8LGyNabw8AAAAAAAAAAAC6ViU4XboE+jez6ssGrtvLSIeN579wEQvG3/7G7TY1YhCzNvyvEWO9vGsQn9vh+9VVY8D91x1Kz+laa8mqZ7cFjRGttwcAAAAAAAAAAABDuA8i5td8yPramjeRn0vwua1LiPT6vEeDpRoxXsNs+HlBAHdZUL5wI0ZwH4Tyx/N3v/u7b+XcA13z5cL3/wLB/aUNN8UbMSqtJZf78PX/t6QRJar19gAAAAAAAAAAAGAYOQ0SJYOKS8OSwrDbCl03jRi7N/2W9PWNEXlrQ9lGjLPkG+CN712JNmO49ywTCe3XaLTMbv6s0DTQci0JNUcUPMbW2wMAAAAAAAAAAIAuRd9uXCcsueSrHPEvcVBW6HoJqu/adLi47LxMhpi/q3wjxnyAu/z22F7kaz8aMfKEGiEaBPXDX3KqsC8t15LW57uX6wsAAAAAAAAAAACbir6BvkYjxkUo1HdXNfeHab4Y8Lqmm7bqNCikQ9T1GiMejtW43q3IPVAjRlxv5zP0fFFxfrdYS0JNkkUbMdpuDwAAAAAAAAAAALoUbYJo0fgQfnv1pQT9mkt+QUVgfZfmwtVVm7Rm1wRfqGC9yD1QI0bMls1Tc5KNAzu4byWbJAs/L7XeHgAAAAAAAAAAAHSnp0aMs+gXOn5L8L+pZNDW9did2RBzg+vd+kscvBaNGGX02oRxMX+dD6ejRowsGjEAAAAAAAAAAAB4eck3Rf+rVo0YZ9HmkN8S/m9GI8brmbvmrdaF56FfjRisF7kHasSY13sTxsX0s8X4jRjJr1UVboxovT0AAAAAAAAAAADoTo+NGGfR/fotob8mNGK8nuk3n7cLVz8PUGvEYD2NGOtEvmLV+vlhzvN72PhriUYMAAAAAAAAAAAAaKzXRoyz3C9j9BT23CuNGK9lfg62fYv8Y/BXIwbracRYLnSP7jCQ/9hcphEjl0YMAAAAAAAAAAAAXl7PjRhnkbdt/5Vgdm0aMV7L/PVu24jxGPo231lPI8YysWeHtmtE1LMGktGvsUYMAAAAAAAAAAAAaKz3RoyzZPj/ujQCVKUR47XMh23bN0LcvsleIwbracRYJhnE/6qev1J1v/8aMfJoxAAAAAAAAAAAAODljdCIcXYbwJ6vnsOfo9OI8VpS8651ePn2CzkaMVhPI0a+0JeqOr8X3H8VY/TnBo0YAAAAAAAAAAAA0NgojRj3ocn5EtCuRSPGa0k2QDUO296uA+Y562nEyBN9ZhjhnF03E2jEyKMRAwAAAAAAAAAAgJc3SiPGWTL4d11CgFVoxHgt6S/RHE7Hxtf7b580YrCeRow8sftw+3VhiZsvewz+zKARAwAAAAAAAAAAABobqRHDVzG2pxHjtaQbMb6qceD2bwya46ynESMueg8e6esSv2ucRowsGjEAAAAAAAAAAAB4eSM1YpzF3sb9UyOFQUehEeO1ROdby7n29xZ7jRispxEjLrYejDUvf+9pg9+7NGIAAAAAAAAAAABAY6M1YvyFsCN1OB01BRSlEeO1JK/3VbVaI/7eyq8Rg/U0YsSEv0g12D3g97g0YmTRiAEAAAAAAAAAAMDLG64RI7i/lxKgLUsjxmvJa3z6qgbh2781QCMG62nEiIl9DcOXqLaiEQMAAAAAAAAAAAAaG60R4ywaCP2uBmHA0P50FkpM7/Pzr4ls2YiR1YSzUUPIbeNCulFg6phGbXz6qfpfojkeztup34jxcPyV5vHtvMo7rtlmmY7WnZ9rlqgN5m1kjOc0YoxyPXLE1wHNUVNqryUaMQAAAAAAAAAAAKCxaMCyp0aMvLf01wmFh0LFU7VRQHHxPl/tb+tGjOwvMjytuo0Bnx/H0+HpdqdDybF5V7+hISKr8emqRn4z/uQxF5y7S8bNtbz5vM1YWrVONtrnUo0YWcc62JeD4utwH2tWT1qsJWcaMQAAAAAAAAAAAKCxIRsxgvv8U2Xf0L0uWHxbrc5pqX0+h5FbNWKUacC4r7Ih4fR5fT72pgP4z2r7YHPe/t7XOMHs5Ng+V4Fw8dJxcxHaz4nK+bLDGlMh7WdrXnqul13D761txEgG0meq1fVYK3yMwvffWq0l1zRiAAAAAAAAAAAAQGMjNmKc5TQXlNj3qWDlVJA2vH8V34yeCjg/2/fUeHh7S4QvCxzPfMBzOtgfO+frQt15IfjHbS1pMOlh7q0J/5+rt/XjIrvJZGG4eO24OctrQJuumuH/yfMZOG9rGhqeVfQ41zRi5NyHnlfdJpMScsZdr/O8hVZryRSNGAAAAAAAAAAAANDYqI0YWaHdlYHAZ9uKhnxjQd3yXw2YOz9l9/2uVjZizG0zst+x8ZwXfl7+RYjb7Sz+nYrNOjn2FDpffCwZa0mpcXO2/LeeVZ2vlEw2GWWcs6x1PVHRe9aSRoyc5oR09f3VmJzmsei9ZU9arCURrRsjWm8PAAAAAAAAAAAAujNqI0bWG+ZXBNkfQ5b5odnYvpYL404HJGvt+1WtONdzwc6c8Rca08H9XPcliL9A/brgdh9B7WLh8w0bS1YfQzBcvOTLJ39118Cz6rcmqnBIenIfF1zr9Q0/PxVtCoiMievfKtsU81M9f0ki3hzTT6NVC63WkiiNGAAAAAAAAAAAANBYNEzYXSNGVjh5WZC9RBPGRSjMWiCgPr2d5fveoulldhsLfjMyPmJf2PgXur4KlcbH3l8weVW4fMPGhXtFQ+gbBXUvc+T6+oevT3Cff9fVq2sXP3dXDTwTY21qPQ6tM99VLjQ/Nx+WfCEhdJ4Kjp2cRoypfZs6zvi876PZ6pn4MbxWI8ZZi7UkKjn3B98eAAAAAAAAAAAAdGfYRoysQHh+QPQxZLg+ZBoJaK45z9PNDOtDvuFw6ZKmicQYXHpOkvu8Iigamzc/Y+b+uvyFul9h7qWrl+MLNTGsDBdnjZuHBofYGtRyXM1ua0UDUeRaLGnyeCZyvs7behz3sXU1Ol96m+dn0bH0U/02k7TWYi2517oxovX2AAAAAAAAAAAAoDstQ7sl1WzEePaG9yKh5dCXFJaFWefOR4nAcvh8L2nESHxxY+n+J7/ksfJLE8nf/x531/Pr+TicHRcr97GWvIB2rEoF65cKjfEC4eJ0SPs8Tm73JXf9CR1LgbE1dyxr1sxW1+Is1oix8npE1v4O53p43f8ujRgXLcfvhUYMAAAAAAAAAAAAaGzcRoy8IHg05P38d8sETGud69nfLRjuTQfIv2rB9lJfrljciJEMP6+7runffzsdDpdzlm4Geji/AwRZQ2Miq/KapkoKzc8C1yTWkHWp5ecjfW3WnetU2HxtY036KzxlxkrevaTm9eivkSFrrG7USJJ3/VZUxtxvtZZcS46vwbcHAAAAAAAAAAAA3YmGGF+lEeNZuLDksafDuOfKC+TOfZmh5FcGarzVPXIdl57/9FvJ6wbRr6u3+VNS3lvzg7VRqDsZ/m/aiFG7UWjd+jC/lq1vkkh/cabMvIrfS1auF8nrUaaxpCSNGFeVOfdbrCXXNGIAAAAAAAAAAABAYxox/jwPlJcNx0bCxeeKBqRnQ/CFg7Ghc95VI0bqtxs1YmwUUG4t1mSUV63XnSaNGKFxs/7rCNvOrQL7H2kCKHI9AutaicaSwHZKNs6VEL1ffVdH61xWA8lErV17NGJoxAAAAAAAAAAAAGDnYiHUF2nEeBo6XR8ovhYNiEbP91wYssY1S4YvF4RxU4HVpeHk9Bhp0YjR31vuawo3p2RVu3PYRyNGueNNHc/iRozkOlaikSQwlgqE/1s2SNS6HrWM2ohxkbX/v1Xmnq8RQyMGAAAAAAAAAAAAO6cR48/T4GThcGn4Td2B7c4HleuE15PB1gXnaz7Qufw4agesI0Hx3uZNK8sC0IlqEOxtES5u2YhR63hqrAP3Ymt8my+HaMQIVIeNGGd5a1H/c2/K3rcHAAAAAAAAAAAA3dGI8WMyHF04TBh6y/t3pQPG80HIsl/yuKgRwJ67lmvGXe2Adfr36zTDjCT5VvjsqntOW4SLW46bWseT/N1Cofz0+BmrEWO08HpeE0Ode85akev7WwWbSVpf671vDwAAAAAAAAAAALoTDSnuvhEjK3DaoubD2MnjrxSCrNGIcXEful4bfq4dsE7/vkaMs3jzUbxKBePvtQgXtxw3yfm68HiS56lQKL/FdmqvE9dGC6/voRHjLD2O/lXB89/6Wu99ewAAAAAAAAAAANCdSAj1XP01YuSEu9PB5nBQs1klGjESAdla16tmI0ZJn8f309uz/bsrjRjtRK9JtGo0Y7QIF++hEaPFlyrO0uuyRoya8uZsv+tdtKGk5H2z9bXe+/YAAAAAAAAAAACgO6/RiDEf1o2eg7Y1H2pNhSBftREjHRC/LY0Y7SUDvBlVuhmjRbi4q0aMhfM1fQ01YjxTqzGmlldrxCi5nrRYS67tfXsAAAAAAAAAAADQnWEbMXICoomw8WxTR4dhwpbB4Xs9NmKs+dKCRoxtRNeddJU9xy3CxS3HzXaNGGWOIbmdAutNy/V0uEaMrIbHevedtaL3CI0Yca23BwAAAAAAAAAAAN2JBqK7a8QIvuH6uxKBwNmQZodhwkg49hUaMeaDoOc35dcNWGvEWC836P20Co65FuHiPTRiRNbfEmtQH9ej3Ho6XiNG7PngUr09J1zEGjHGa+q6tvftAQAAAAAAAAAAQHdGbcRIhgCvKrXvwzViNApBP7N1I0ZyvF5dr9oB6/Tva8SIiozpuSq1PvUR/B+gESMQbC9xTY6H5799qRLrXO114trW6+cSqWtwUx3u/5lGjK8afHsAAAAAAAAAAADQnUgI9Vy9NWLkhENTIdrZcGyHYcJIE8reGjFSX054drwaMcYSXYue1/kLKOvPtUaMmNC1KrAWzK/zZa557XXi2oiNGJH7zV+VuSalacT4Ko0YAAAAAAAAAAAAUFY0/NxTI0YqlH9b6WDobDh20GDsXhox5sfnfHC2dsA6/fsaMZZIjrGJKjHmW4SLW46bmvM1vQ6tC+Unz1OhoHftdeLaiI0YsSaGS/W55mnE+CqNGAAAAAAAAAAAAFBWJIR6rq4aMXKCoYFg63w4tr83fEe+BrKHRoy544wcX+2AdctA/avJa7b6VwXGnkaMuMg1WjW/Ztf5gudII8as3LnY29ezzjRifJVGDAAAAAAAAAAAAChrxEaMZADwqiL7PR+O7S9Mv/dGjNnQbEa4UyPGer8h7A0C4tG16a/WN01pxMiTPF8rfn/ut0vej2qvE9dGbMQ4i9xzfqvDY9CI8VUaMQAAAAAAAAAAAKCsaNi5l0aMvHB2LFiZCsfWampYKhKKrXW9ageJ534/95hqB6xbBuq38vc2/G2+DJP7Nv61c7VFuLjluKk+Xyt9FWP2HBUO+tdeJ66N2oiR9RWqDtc9jRhfpREDAAAAAAAAAAAAyoqEUM/VTSNGTiA0GARMhmM7CxSG3k5eaZ9rBonngp3Fw9z/SiPGvL+g/XbHkjPn165TGjHypa9PfhPP9H6XbwjSiJEWfU64VC/PCxcaMb5q8O0BAAAAAAAAAABAd6IBy16ClaEmhH8VDc/WCBLXFDoHlQK9tYLEc6HOpWOvdsC6ZaB+K9dfPNhyDUiGfv+VRoxbrYL/JbczvR7XWYdrrxPXRm3EOIvOwe/q7Dg0YnyVRgwAAAAAAAAAAAAoa6RGjOtQeLJygr+B3y0VxI04BxznzncsEFsptFwhSDz/m8uPQyPGejdzY8NgbXTua8S41TL4nwy7B7bVugnjTCNGTNb996ta3jNTNGJ8lUYMAAAAAAAAAAAAKGukRoxYA8JP5YRAQwHTRgHZv+sxHQpNhnn/VY0gbOkgcercrxl3tQPWLQP1W7m9Ptt+GSbyJRiNGLdaB/9D95Mn53BuHah976m9TlwbuRHjLOce3NOxaMT4Ko0YAAAAAAAAAAAAUFYoOPtVWzdixIKU/2pBADAS8m7xhu+/oO506D18LioEIUsHiefDnOuCsbUD1i0D9Vu5DchvezzJsfdVGjFubRX8j1yrZDUKcmvEiIs+L1yqxT0zQiPGVw2+PQAAAAAAAAAAAOhONFi5dSNGpFHip5a9tT8ZKvyuul8EuLkWMyHG0Bc8vqv8/pYMEiePY2UouXbAOv37e2vE2HYdiISp1wa/NWKsd3MO//1+bH3dZnzVXieujd6IcZbVFNnJ8WjE+CqNGAAAAAAAAAAAAFBWJIR6rk0D2BlvV18amN3yKxMX18c5dxzRa3auUgHii6KNGKlzvjLEWztg3TJQv5WHZpkNg9XpObr+fLcIF7ccN62D/zcNc4MEsWuvE9f20IhxFm+M3L6J80wjxlcNvj0AAAAAAAAAAADoTjTUv1WYMtwgca4Vwb/4VybqnIvb7ae/ZJEMQV6qcLC3aCNG5VCyRoz1ns2L0s09UbUbd840YizzcEyF152aaq8T1/bSiBE5Z3+1/TqoEeOrNGIAAAAAAAAAAABAWdFA5RaNGDnNEU1C2FdVOoye+yb5nAaVktcuGSQONJFcpM93/LeeqR2wTv/+PhsxtgqLp8Z8iXHeIlzccty0CP4/Hs9Y4772OnFtL40YZ1lNkhsfl0aMr9KIAQAAAAAAAAAAAGVFQqjnat2IkdWEsTKwf5EVLP2qUufkNtAYD4PeNG/MVsNgd9FGjHX7XTtg3TJQv5WpeVi6ESlifryUOdctwsUtx02L4P/DOjRQM8GZRozl0veDq9owmK8R46s0YgAAAAAAAAAAAEBZPTZibNGEcRFvbvhXK4OzD9vLCC9mhWALhUzT24xvJxnk/Ko14y5yfjRizJuei2XnXUryXBcK/WrEyPP0fA0WwNaIsU7Ofah1Q+eFRoyvGnx7AAAAAAAAAAAA0J1o00OrAGXeVynKh8Fzv4pxqdzz83w7+UHQvMaR9ecrGb78qmhoORbgXbbPkf08V91GjHIB7q3Mrg8NQ+Pz87JcgLpFuHgvjRi9NOmspRFjvd6bMTRifJVGDAAAAAAAAAAAACirp0aMnDBnzcBqNMT/vOZDyHONE0vOcX7jyLKwaSSs/FvBaxPe94xAZ3Q8X2runB8P89fy5RsxztUgbJs6zyXXpjaNGKkxOkYjRupcjTL2NWKU0XMzhkaMrxp8ewAAAAAAAAAAANCdaBi+ZnAyK+T/VbVDnLn7U6RWBHCzGlgulRGSXPT7V8fzez7vjjGraSKwv49NLm+nt9R1fPK7f/uVasRI73/rwHFpoWtUOTw+G/gtHPZNfmGmwLFG1txmwf+FX6+oukY2DnC3nMfJ8PpgXxO5l9UYWHnduLZFI0aLteTa3rcHAAAAAAAAAAAA3UkHQ3+qVqA8Gea7qXYh1awmgdW1/rjyzuN1TW97+W9O1WPQNXcb9wH1yUD4vzB35Pevf/NmPiQC4aFw7+Bh1Pg8KBtivphdnwqf21hzwfq5Gmlsahf8X3bdNmlWu6tizSqBeawRIy53bJS6jnNizznl1rBWa8nF3rcHAAAAAAAAAAAA3clpNijZiLGkyaFFWPNem2aMcuHP8o0Td3UOvi/5OsZ3PT/OrDeoB+t6rC4+J4GQfyzcu83YLSV7DhT8msHstavQ4BIdi2uvZ2jcFDiP0UD8kuPJDdtXrZXnKnQ9Coy3mtejR3lfUtqgkeu+Cq5drdaSi71vDwAAAAAAAAAAALqyvskgLzi5NBC/dZCvbuC4fPi0WjPGvyByXrj2XOm3YmeFZWfr8Xwu+u1A6Dpv/tQJGbeweJ1YEVxPjrGCgelr4bmz5tgyzufatS8+9pe9uT5/LahZy+ZYl9ejQNNHT3LvSWvPc/aaVWE9abGWXIuf4zJfqWi9PQAAAAAAAAAAAOhGbjCyeXUYRC1/zuqF88s1NvzU9RcmwuHrjHBrkWaXiTGT/cWNwNhbfH4rNRDUdBtqvh2z8euWDuNGw9M1GrOWjb/8gHH2WPyqpV8iyh+je2jGyBsfi/Z94RxudT16tugeGjzfS3575LXkYtn2lj97tN4eAAAAAAAAAAAAbKa3kOxcLQ0ct7QkSP20GjSaZL8V/Gk9BihTY2rpdVwW8PypuW1m/e6T0O+a/UpX/2Hr63GUCi6XbgC6rpLrQ6118X4fazW83W+n2nkPhuDLrDWlanpOtboetbZTo3FgC5s+lxS+97ZaSy6qzbWpRsbG2wMAAAAAAAAAAIBu9NqIMXqgdHlDRvvg/dJ9nbpGU2Oq1DXNC5XHzmfkHEwer0aMf0HcvH0t1RxQY63QiBGszK8/1GzEyaqJ/daI0Z9izY0zNdXUUIJGjIWlEQMAAAAAAAAAAABIBzEfvyqxlWRQOhC8vj3eesc2e14zA+Jnzxsq+rk2vfoN4q4IzuaFeftvTuHRbaD++TVs16hhXo9sVXPDgnsDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA0FWnCKCkS1K/5FQQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIBF7r92cnhv/yWK4+G2CeO7fBkBAAAAAAAAAAAAAADoyX0TxpbNDx//vf3tx8b7AgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAcOOhCeN/h9Pxo/3XMC56agoBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD49fnxcXp/u2p6+Kq3/z42bXx42CeNGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQA8+/nv7a3j4rrfT+3G7r2Gc3X8R4/C+7f4AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD87/P98Nvs8FeH0/Fj40aM4/vp7Xd/tm8MAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAXtz9Vyd+6+399LFxI8bxcLU/h+Om+wIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPC/j//e/podbmrbL1DcfqXD1zAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAICNTX4N41IbfYXi8/h+eutgPwAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH49NDw8q7f308dHu69RPO7T4XRsuH0AAAAAAAAAAAAAAICnkl/EuKrDe/1miOPhfrtvp/ejJgwAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKADnx8fp/e3++aHRB2O53+LemzAOJcmDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAoDOfx/fT20MTREYtaMz4fD88/s5NacIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA6lW6MaFhv76ePD00YAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAxz4/jqfDs8aIhvX238f5XwAAAAAAAAAAAAAAgDF8/Pf20CBRvXwFAwAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGFmThgwNGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAwJ58fhxPh2dNFCvq8K75AgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAeAFLGjM0XgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJOOh/+dvv75qbf308fH5/m/gRmf74e/efO0DqfjC8+l+/NzeLeu8Bpu7qnncl8NsWYAAAAAAAAAAAAA3ZsMkQuMwqR088VEHY7nf3fv8+N4Ojw7/q8Sqmbv5sb///73dno/mgP3rBkAAAAAAAAAAABA9+ZDov9KIwY8+Dy+n96ezZfMevvv4/zv7jx8AeBJCVWzd+l58NpfyblmzehHXoPhuoaiy7b2ei8EAAAAAAAAAACYFAnOlS5hrfWyrptGDLhRfN3byRzL/TqIUHXfFn/tZXHlNSV0v3/BZq1XngfWjD58/Pf2cK7XVPQ5/fPj4/T+lvf/AAAAAAAAAAAA7IZGjHEsDq1qxIBvk1+QORwf5kf+FzPGfDN+6Ks6EyVU3TeNGPdVZ/9e7ZnGmtGHVvNn7prd7MOT+ygAAAAAAAAAAMDLyQ8gPy8NF+WsetuxRgyYCA+ng9lZc2+wIOratV6oejxrQvQ3VWms97R/GjEeWTO2l3NPipzv669azNbdnHrYD40YAAAAAAAAAAAAfxYH7oSxirsEQq8Dn+G3IWvE4MU9D5q+nd6PsXkRf/N4/Dd78Hde/hpSwqHcrxKqHtfShodWTQc97F/0GeiV5oE1YzuxBoy8r748s7jx17M/AAAAAAAAAADArewwpCBWU6GgqEYMXtzx8GReZK5V0XDqHoLG0WC1UPXYer+/5+5fjSaRp2vHdbm/frNm1LPVc168AfFfmQsAAAAAAAAAAACP4m/HHett8HsQCj8Kx/HCpsKkuYHgVwsaR0K4QtXj6/3+Ht+/9V8CeGa+GcQzzzVrRnnp8V93DOZ87cSzJgAAAAAAAAAAwBOht/F+V50gJPO8sRuemw6RLlur0m/o388aGFn3harHF76/b3Qf6WX/HgLx7qsPrBnl9NZkG2uI8jcAAAAAAAAAAADAg3T4+F8JJm4iGZBzXXhRk29oXzEn5tbDrULGP2tA2TejR9Z9oerxhe/vh+P53+Z63z/+WDPKCI35DcZ7+osnGjGor8bzDgAAAAAAAAAAVCUI2bdkOE4jBi9o9o3iBebEbQPUdqHAv/VZIwb5er+/e/4YhzVjvdB433Cszz9vasSgrr/5oREDAAAAAAAAAICBzAaar0sQchMaMeDR5/H99PZsPpxrR2vV3/wv3YiRXveFqscXvb+//fdx/re53vePP9aMdUJNGB08z01/hU04nrpqPe8AAAAAAAAAAEBVgpB904gBj6bDol+1k0aM27VZIwb5er+/e/4YhzVjudg47+eLE8fDs/0Tjqee2zlirAEAAAAAAAAAMBBByL5pxIBHz4Oi/2ovjRg3c18jBvl6v797/hiHNWO52fvVv+rp3E19vcP1pZaazzsAAAAAAAAAAFCVIGTfNGLAramQ6G/toBHjcV3WiEG+3u/vnj/GYc1YJvkMd64On+OefXXK9aWG2s87AAAAAAAAAABQlSBk3zRiwK3P4/vp7dlc+Fd7WKse571GDPL1fn/3/DEOa0a+1L3qp/oMnT+73q4vNdR+3gEAAAAAAAAAgKoEIfumEQNupebE6GvV8y9+aMQgX+/3d88f47Bm5Dsenp+nm+r4C07391rzkNJaPO8AAAAAAAAAAEBVgpB904gBt/beiPE8vKsRg3waMSjFmpEn+ez2XX0Hzu+vuXlIaS2edwAAAAAAAAAAoCpByL5pxIBbH/+9Pc6Dqxp5rZqe7xoxyNf7/d3zxzisGXHRcT3C89vN/bbjr3cwnlbPOwAAAAAAAAAAUJUgZN80YsCtvTZifB7fT29PjuenNGKQr/f7u+ePcVgz4lL3qEuNMK4/P46nw2WfNWJQSMvnHQAAAAAAAAAAqEoQsm8aMeDWHhsx5kOJ59KIQT6NGJRizYiJjumRwubHw7991ohBAa2fdwAAAAAAAAAAoCpByL5pxIBbe2vESIcSz6URg3y93989f4zDmhGTfGa71EDPbr/H5HmTlbZ43gEAAAAAAAAAgKoEIfumEQNu7akRIxza1YjBAhoxKMWaEfP79YhEDXWf+jieDuf99rzJCls97wAAAAAAAAAAQFWCkG2kwuP/+9/hdHwScOupESMUMBwgqJe+Fl91OJ7/fSmh8zIxTlvaSyNGNLD7U303Ysy+5bqjufRqc18jRp6H/dlgLPR6n33VNSNH7G3/PzVa08rPuGxz/x/lWWQvbsdt+lljai2YW6e3fN4BAAAAAAAAAICqSgYho781WRnhwrXbahGCywseXdVVCHHrRozFx/Bd/QTlVh3HjoLZ99Zd3/JhuZwga5lqP0arH2NgvJYKVWeNn42atF557pe8v9fQy/5NBr8bXf8R7rOvtGYsFWsgOJcmgntbP4us/ZtitL9ffr9y8lDT5zK237dju4fnHQAAAAAAAAAAqKpkEPLVgkxT1gXK/uq8j1s1YkwFCp+Ng3TQaru325a6FufaKqxc2up5+qRKzac9N2JMBx8LV4NGjHjg+LFqrr3XzP34XN/q+Lbcv+S99VyVQ74j3WdfYc1YI+u+OliDSS1Z5yxYS8fK6n0Z5O+X9H3x+TqS9/xyfq7q53kHAAAAAAAAAACqigaClgYhQ2HHS60Ip+UGm2oE+1JByWfbTO3321sivFg40DcZtgqEndYELZ/Vmms0Ne6mfjMc2h48QDl3jabmeLw5Yn1Tg0aMAlW5EWN9g0PlwLi5/6v2/X2t1vuXPQcrhXxHvM/uec0oIWtsCY93/yxytpe/X7KO48lcW/Jc9vbfezfPOwAAAAAAAAAAUFWrIGQoiFcg6BoNw+UGmVLmQmXRbS0KKxYMB0+GrTKCTiVDokvH3LN9KHsN2oX3S5mb59Fzs9XcupcaY1uFytdIr8Nlg8hLQtW5YdH5qjOHzP1bre7vS7Xav8WNABVCvqPeZ/e6ZpSSE3Yf8R5VytyY6PVZZMS/X7Iag27q9llj8e/MnI/0utB/4xUAAAAAAAAAAPxqFYQMhXkKNRVEAnGlAlpn06HI/OBg3ptrv6rUOZsKhy74/cWh17taco0et13rGowTyJ6ee8uOIXJ9S86vexox1ous+9fXcHmoc7pKXydz/1Gr+/tStfcv+vuTVbgRY+T77B7XjJJymmNq3h97NuqzyGh/v2T/HXFTf88a69bP6Wua/l2NGAAAAAAAAAAADKR2EPJaMjRVKsgUCE2VCsKVbMK4yApRFThnk+HQr1pynkKhtQpvGi8RxL4IhSoLjdeaSgcfL1oFIJ/RiLFeTqh6agxNXd94QHzdGLxm7j/X8v6+RIv9u1zP6/EaHqMF71Oj32f3tmaUFj+GZdd7dKM/iyS309HfL7+/cTX/59af2/p71sgZ0w81cz5aP+8AAAAAAAAAAEBVLYOayYBrsSBTPDC4xnTDxPqwYDgAtfKczZ6rFb8dCTOXDCM+bm99kCtyDXoO/c9d27XnPrZu1AnTpcaWRoy06Br5GAqNrW2RMOm56txXzP2L2Dzd7li23L/IPapUI8PscQ5yn93TmlFadBz/1OuFzOfOzyjPIsm5NsDfLznn6v7vm8s2o2N9bp6mf+P15ggAAAAAAAAAAAMrEaqJSn7poVCQ6SwVpF0f/poODa797bNoKHHtOZsLl6255qH9LxVyffKm3yLjNfQG4QHf0F0sXBwZo+XPTyoQ2WNQN6V1MDGy7h/eb69v7nkNzZ+V65e5P6/l/X2JLfev5T1qF/fZnawZNYSf177r9ULme3gW2cvfL+kv7p3H5/Vcfz5eZ+dq4ly0ft4BAAAAAAAAAICqWgYhdxNkmjtnBY8h8rbrNdtLhdfWNpSkrkGJsNXza1EmIN1ybpQ2N9dKNApdhMZoobDlhUaM9aJj+6eWbzs9PpbPVXM/rffj2HL/QtsusHbt4T57Fr1WP9XnmlFLXiNGf/tf016eRXbz90uy2entdDhczmV6Hj+c98A5Tq8lZZ93AAAAAAAAAACgqpZByN0EmRoFy2q/HXo+uLY+CJW83l+1dlw9O4aSod1QuK+zYOXsnC44x86i60fLwOVWofI1WgcTo9dt7XYjoc+lv2/up7W8vy+x9f4lmxgKNGLMj6Mx7rNne1gzagk9q/3W6zRizI6ZwZ5FdvP3S0bTUK11N32t+pvjAAAAAAAAAAAwqWUQcg9BptkQ0xbBsoXbTP/2+rBgKJy45g3FT69F2QBXJOR6rpKNBmvNBX9rBOtC56jg3NCIsV5s3V+/zch2lswdcz8mdp37r1pzunYjxh7usxejrxk1acR4bk/PInv4++Us3IhR+O+Za+k5XvZeDgAAAAAAAAAAVUWDmhoxfrQOlqVC54tDZcngYIGAaCTwteKaPx9PZUOO0YBlL+H/+XNeJ9wWDfaVCs9qxFivZdg5tRYvuV7mfkz0/t571TrH1RsxdnCfvRh9zagp1ADwW6/RiLG3Z5HXasSo2wjR+nkHAAAAAAAAAACqigY1SwTfRg8ybRIsq3TOWlyL2NhaHkp8eo0LjqGz8JuuC293qfnrWi8AmmwYOlehc6QRY73RQ9Xmfkz0/t571ZrTyXVrbSPGDu6zF6OvGTUlr/NNvUgjxs6eRVrM5Ysaf79cRBoxas+v1s87AAAAAAAAAABQVTSoWSKYM3qQaT7gVSdYVuucJcNqha5F6josPW+TYbKVwdl70Tcs9xCuTM7lgvPrXiy0XiZcpxFjvZah6tJhd3M/ruX9fYmt96/02Lw3+n322shrRm3hpq3v6ne9KCU5VgZ8FtlPI0ZqHtdvguhhHwAAAAAAAAAAoJiWQciRg0zJ81QpGLhZI0ahsGCt7STPS/PaPjiWDCBWDK+2XEdSY0ojRlrkenXbiGHuh7Wcl0tsvX+1A/+j32evjbxm1KYR49Yen0U0YpTTwz4AAAAAAAAAAEAxLYOQQzdiJPa9VlC01jlr8Qbts1oB0fTvtq7tg2Opc1I7bJ0eU19VYI5vfZw1tA4mRtb9XkPV5n5cy/v7ElvvX+mxeW/0++y1kdeM2jRi3EpdvxGfRTRilNPDPgAAAAAAAAAAQDEtg5AjB5m2CpbVOmctgptnNbYTHbNta9vgWOSc1A4/Jsfqd60fV1uHPGtoHUyMjJdSoerkuMgIVZv7eaLna6s5s/X+Je9PKwP/I99n7426ZrTw+XE8HZ7t59Mqc817FRknIz6L1HoWf0YjhkYMAAAAAAAAAAAG0jIIOWqQqWUA8V6tc5YObpYJQiW3s2D/Z0OPnQU0W4kEQauHH0NvBV8/rlJjaqtQ+Rqtg4kt17SSoWpzP0/L+/sSW+9f8v5UvRGj3/vsvVHXjBbyGjH2HTLf67OIRoxyetgHAAAAAAAAAAAopmUQctxGjHSwbLRGjOTvflWJY6oRdJ0N2b1oGDsSPKwefgyGUdeOK40Y640aqjb387S8vy+x9f7VbsQY+T57b9Q1o4XoOL5UqfPUo70+i9R6Fn9GI4ZGDAAAAAAAAAAABtIyCDlqkKlVmPKZWuesVViuRqBMGPtRZIzWDz+2WUs0YqwXuVal1rSSa5i5n6fl/X2JrfeveiPGwPfZe6OuGa2krsF11Xpe7MFen0VajkmNGBoxAAAAAAAAAAAYSMsg5KhBpmRY86tqBetqnbPQdS9wPeavw+F0XLLvc+fkRcPYkTE6YvjxGY0Y60WuVY+hanM/T8v7+xJb71/1RozI8XV6n7036prRSuQefKkR71FRe30WaTkmNWJoxAAAAAAAAAAAYCA1AktTRg0yRYJlozVinKWPa12AMzm2FoZcZ89JhwHNFlLj/Vwtwp8t9iM1blscZ2mtg4mRdX+4RowXnftzWt7fl9h6/5L3wALNPaPeZ++Numa0ktzn69px09hen0VajsmSf7/cS89jjRgAAAAAAAAAAJClZRBy1CBTJNA1YiPG58fxdHj2m1e1KvB1fD+9PfnNn1oetJo/J2Xe/j2avYYfn9GIsd6ooWpzP0/L+/sSW+9fi0aMUe+z90ZdM1qJXOe/2u9atddnkZZjMrXvq9aLxs8az/SwDwAAAAAAAAAAUEzLIOSoQaZIoKtUAPFe7XOWDKKu+P25314znubPyWsGuCJjtMVbuNNvf1+/lmjEWG/UULW5n6fl/X2JrfevRSPG2Yj32Xujrhkthe7D37XftWqvzyItx2TJv1/utX7WeKaHfQAAAAAAAAAAgGJaBiFHDTJFgmW1gqK1z1mtt3XPjqu1+5w4J6XCoCOJhA5bhFcj+7H2+qS2UWsu1tQ6mBhZ90vNo5JrmLmfp+X9fYmt9y+5XhUKjI94n7036prRUnK/r2rE+1TEXp9FWo5JjRgaMQAAAAAAAAAAGEjLIOSoQaZII0atN/y2OGefx/fT27Pf/q3D6Zi5jen9zv+te8lz0uBty73Za/jxmdQ2NGKkjRqqNvfztLy/L7H1/iXXq4LjabT77L1R14yWIg03v9XpMay112eRlmNSI4ZGDAAAAAAAAAAABhINQpYI2I0aZAo1YlQKlrU6ZyW3Mx04LRMOrRFoHV3y+n1X/fOSDj+uD9hpxFhv1FC1uZ8nen/XiDFRhRt7RrrP3ht1zWgt9Lz4XfsMm+/1WaTlmNSIsc+5AQAAAAAAAADATkWDkK/ciBF5s2618GPDc5YMOQe21SIcGnnrdKlAaMR5fGwd/k8H1H+q9nlJzpUC4zW1DY0YaaOGqs39PNH7u0aMiarwhZVR7rP3Rl0zWovei8814r0qZa/PIhoxyulhHwAAAAAAAAAAoJhYELJMKGbUIFNyv/9VjWBZ60BiaDw8CafOBaRLhw0jYexWQc2/87VtcCx0Tr6qdvCzRbBZI8Z6kXneY6ja3M8TWs+/aqs5s/X+bdGIcRY67o3vs/dGXTNai47p7+r4OJba67PIqH+/3EuPz/r3sx72AQAAAAAAAAAAiomFxsq8ZXnUIFP4DccVQptbBRKT241UpRDrWer6nqtGY8y9v/NU703kEeHwZ+XgZ80A4YVGjPUi46XXULW5HxddFzRiTFTFe9hZ7/fZayOvGa3lfBWjxVpVyvd8SYy36Jwe7Vmk5Zis+RyVvj4aMQAAAAAAAAAAIEsoNFUoYDRqkCn6ht8agdwtAok34dR/v58MrP6rVoHe2P7UDUjfzJ1GYdg5PZyT+XlXZtup49SIkRZZ93sNVZv7caH7+1dpxJioitf2Ztud3mevjbxmbCHSMPZdAxzL2V9zSfpe1MMaXfpZRCNGOT3sAwAAAAAAAAAAFBMKQhYKI/YUZMoJMkbDoucqFUS8aB1IvDlvPQeMN/xKycX1tSl93ZeInpNa+5qcJ4WuRSrkqREjLbKm9RqqNvfjovcujRgTVWkMjXKfvTbymrGFnK9i9H7Pum5GjuzrHp9FWo7Jkn+/3EvPY40YAAAAAAAAAACQJRKuKxUSS4ezyr0ht3SQKfqm6tIBwVbhr4dx0HnQMf6Vkjohx9vt132zc1RkLn9XpWs7f03KBes0YqwXGSvdNmKY+2HRNWGrObP1/rVuxHg43s7vs9dGXjO2En5u7Dh4fnPdg+c9Oq9HehYZ+e+Xa+lrU38s9rAPAAAAAAAAAABw41noKBqIaxmIGTnItNXbjZOBxALn7HEMjBGCioccy795udc3mqfHy7nqXN/ZOVIwcKkRY7309voOVZv7MZHrfK6t5szW+9eyEWPU++zF6GvGVlLPor/V4THdXvO88bq3ZxGNGOX0sA8AAAAAAAAAAPBrLkgYCeskAzEFw2HpN5mXCd9EQrpLgkzhQF3BEFGLRoyH4xok5JjTHHOuUmHe2/HVV2AsEpb9rgoB8rl5VzIMn5rftULbNUWuW8lz2HJ7NULV5n5MdD3Yas5svX/JZ4WC6+So99mL0deMreR8wae3xq7rMZt7baNze5RnkdH/frlIX5f697WWawkAAAAAAAAAAMxKh/TTgZpUIKZkADISvlm7vXCzxILwV+wNv5cqE2YqcY3nPA19dRYGnBNvjvlXKwOcD9vr8FzFxmnZsN3s3C58jlLXfKtQ+Rqtg4ktt1crVG3up0VD4FvNma33r1Ujxuj32bM9rBlbyWoc62RcXK93S+ffnp5FIuO/579fLtLHUfZ6PNNyLQEAAAAAAAAAgFmh0E4isDYfiFn/tYV7yX1eGLCLBHtua9mxhYNS37X+/EXejrs0sDQdgi1/3WvJfTP+pXIDc8+3Uz+wtlRonBYMfE5fh/LnKHlsgwWcz0qFPH+vw6p1/6d6D1Wb+2nht/FvNGe23r8WjRh7uM+e7WHN2FKsKeFfbXh8D9d55RzY07PI6H+/nLWcx1Mi+1DyeQcAAAAAAAAAAJ7KCe7MhWrmfmft212fiTQWZAdl74KO5/8/Ev5aEjbKD/8uC39lBbMWhpBS16J2GKuUyJiarvlA29w4qjE/SokGnEtd46nzVOMc1QpDbq3EcV1+I3XeW4Yxa4aqzf154fvVVo0YG+9fi0aMvdxn97JmbCmrGWODRp2H54YC53lPzyKR+03udlr+/XLWch7Pafm8AwAAAAAAAAAAT2UF9WfChJMhqUpBt2jwMhqsuQ/zXP6/SJDpXNfbuexbKoSUF6b7VxmBzkW/f3W9fsfGzDXMGj+51TjUW/VYpqrS/CgpNtfWhz0nt1NhHMSudfsAawlrQ55/a176+CPh2FLhxvRxLb9e5v688L1ko2Paev9KhIHn7Os+u481Y2vZz3eNrvPDOS+43b08i8SOIz4PNvn7peE8ntPyeQcAAAAAAAAAAJ7KC/hNf5XhebCoXrAlN5j4LFQ0FSS6Du1Eg0xPKxDaWv770+d21T4/rZnrvkWA+a5KvnU3Ei4rV+MEv0KhzxVh48nzXik4HQtCLvsKzdbCAd279en+nERClJHzWCqMWTtUbe5Pi4Rdf2qb49py/2L3wLVjcz/32T2tGVuL3cduq+Tz0rWn+1Kh+WMPzyJ7+PslNPYqPb9da/m8AwAAAAAAAAAAk+Ihxq+aCOc8/kb9EHP2G4EDdR/GWRxkyggglW+cuKvzviw+V/PXsYeA6G8VCv21CWSPF/IPrRMLgneTY6hiiC8650YM5xUZv8FzX2tM3IuuM2tDxub+o+xzUiF8PWfr/YuG4deMzT3dZ/e2Zmxt8dgo9bw08WxZ87zu4Vlk9L9fQtfgq2rPr5bPOwAAAAAAAAAAMCkvyPIYIn0WRGwVbivZxPBsn3N/f2lwu1ozxr+AUX7oK/6m6BqBsuVVJuRcN/g6XhPGRfRaR+f/ZIi5Ypg7GiC8VKu1rKR160lsfObcN9aew/A1KxCoNPf/bB3yTlkcwi24f+G5tnJs7uE+u9c1owdrx0f4np26ho3O5x6eRUb9+2Xt34yltXjeAQAAAAAAAACApLwQ119I/zG81DbUUiY0O73P0YDP2tDgWW5APFXXoarw9V0YOusrJFrmepyVDMr91Pihr+gb4M81dR3mfqPUtbu3aq1oFCwvZXFA/asi53/RfF94DvPXxXgT2ZxXn/tFjr/3EPOK/Vu2nqwbmyPfZ19hzehB6efIeLVf30Z9FrkY8e+XxeOr4r2g9vMOAAAAAAAAAACErQ75bfRm4XVhpvkA3nyQqXx4b02g6K8eg1mpa7v0Sx7Xyux7qSp3bXLCfrO1kzdvXxQPfBYM6jUdi51e1/xxuz7QmVv3606t7SwNW77C3G8f7s9bm3vZv1r7kXvvHeU++6prRi/azZvtG8x6fhZJ6fnvlzKNIlOVdx9IKfm8AwAAAAAAAAAAqywL+fURaMkNY0WCdk+DTA1CtUsDwFPHNBXKqxE23O6NzHdVOEy3PJRdNnDWm7XXu0QT0D2NGD/C5yExV149VL3nua8R476e718vjRgXvd9nX33N6EmNc1Tjvr1Wj88iUT3+/TJSI8ZZqecdAAAAAAAAAAAoJhXe6jWoNhuYzAxN35yDjcI7yYBWYL9uz0m9xpnbwPLzoFW7AGnF40yGcl/zbbvRsPKeQq4jmAwoCiRmM/fZ2qvcZ6kjep++rtHu2aM+i8zu94B/v2zB8w4AAAAAAAAAADCkSDi0pEjQrse3NgPAEu6zAAAAAAAAAAAAADty/wbaLd4y/PQLLt6AC8AOuM8CAAAAAAAAAAAA7Mh9OHTLUObHf29/+7HxvgBACe6zAAAAAAAAAAAAADvyEA793+F0/Gj/lu6LnsKqALCW+ywAAAAAAAAAAADAjnx+fJze367CmF/19t/HpoHMh30SEAVgUO6zAAAAAAAAAAAAADvz8d/bXxDzu95O78ft3tJ9dv+m7sP7tvsDAEu5zwIAAAAAAAAAAADsyOf74TeE+VeH0/Fj44Do8f309rs/2wdWAWAJ91kAAAAAAAAAAACAHbl/G/Zvvb2fPjYOiB4PV/tzOG66LwCwhPssAAAAAAAAAAAAwM58/Pf2F8K8qW3fjH379nBv6QZgTO6zAAAAAAAAAAAAADsy+ZbuS230duzP4/vprYP9AIA13GcBAAAAAAAAAAAAduYhiPms3t5PHx/t3pL9uE+H07Hh9gGgFPdZAAAAAAAAAAAAgJ1Jvqn7qg7v9UOax8P9dt9O70fhUADG5D4LAAAAAAAAAAAAsDOfHx+n97f7UGaiDsfzv0U9BkPPJRwKwNjcZwEAAAAAAAAAAAB26PP4fnp7CGdm1ILA6Of74fF3bko4FIB9cJ8FAAAAAAAAAAAA2KF0YLNhvb2fPj6EQwHYD/dZAAAAAAAAAAAAgB36/DieDs8Cmw3r7b+P878AsDvuswAAAAAAAAAAAAA79fHf20Nws3p5OzcAL8J9FgAAAAAAAAAAAGCnmgRFBUMBeFHuswAAAAAAAAAAAAA79flxPB2ehTtX1OFdKBQAztxnAQAAAAAAAAAAAHZuSWBUIBQAYtxnAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANi1//3v/9ho4BpApv3TAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Wuan Kin Lek Nicholas, Pavithra Ramkumar and Heershan Kaur (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Cheong Jun Ming Mervyn (Advocatus Law LLP) and Lau Kah Hee (BC Lim & Lau LLC)
for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2022 (14:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

