Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 125

Suit No 702 of 2018

Between

| Ong Chin Woon  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ong Bee Hah (Co-Administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased)  
---|---  
(2)| Ong Yew Hong (Co-Administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased)  
(3)| Ng Wuay Ming  
(4)| Ong Chin Ee  
(5)| Ng Yee Ping Grace (Sole Executrix of the estate of Ong Ee Peng, deceased)  
(6)| Ong Bee Hah  
(7)| Ong Yew Hong  
(8)| Ong Ah Hua  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Trusts — Constructive trusts — Common intention constructive trusts]

[Trusts — Resulting trusts — Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Chin Woon

  
v

  

Ong Bee Hah (co-administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased) and
others

[2022] SGHC 125

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 702 of 2018  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
24–27, 30, 31 August; 1, 2 September; 1 October 2021

24 May 2022 Judgment reserved.

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Suit No 702 of 2018 (“this Suit”) involved a contest between siblings over
the property of their late mother Tan Ah Moi (“the Deceased”) located at No 8
Jalan Jermin, Singapore (“the Property”). The Property is the only valuable
asset of the Deceased’s estate (“the Estate”).

2 Ong Chin Woon (“the Plaintiff”) is the second eldest child of the Deceased
and the older of the Deceased’s two sons. His six siblings (or their estates)
are the defendants in this suit. They are: (i) Ong Bee Hah (‘Bee Hah”), a
sister who is the first and sixth defendant; (ii) Ong Ah Hua (“Ah Hua”)
another sister who is the eighth defendant; (iii) Ong Chin Ee (“Chin Ee”) a
brother who is the fourth defendant; (iv) Ong Ee Peng (“Ee Peng”), a sister
who passed away in 2017 and whose estate is represented by Ee Peng’s daughter
Ng Yee Ping Grace (“Grace”), is the fifth defendant and (v) Ong Yew Hong (“Yew
Hong”) a sister who is the second and seventh defendant. The Plaintiff had
another sister Ong Siew Eng (“Siew Eng”), the eldest in the family, who passed
away intestate on 25 October 1997. Her son Ng Wuay Ming (“Wuay Ming”), who is
the only beneficiary of her estate, is the third defendant. Ah Hua, the eighth
defendant, was given up for adoption when she was a child but remains a
beneficiary of the Estate because she was not formally adopted by her adoptive
family. Henceforth, where the context requires, Bee Hah and Yew Hong will be
referred to collectively as “the administratrices”. In this Suit, the
Plaintiff has sued the administratrices in their dual capacity – as
administratrices and as beneficiaries of the Estate. Chin Ee and his sisters
will, where the context is appropriate, be referred to collectively as the
“siblings” in relation to the Plaintiff – the term does not include Ah Hua, as
she was never part of the Ong family throughout the years where the events
concerning this Suit took place.

3 The siblings’ father Ong Kim Huat (“the Father”) passed away on 21 March
1976 while the Deceased herself passed away in February 2015.

4 The facts hereafter set out are extracted from the affidavits of evidence-
in-chief (“the AEICs”) of the Plaintiff, Chin Ee, Bee Hah, Yew Hong, Ong Geok
Leng (“Geok Leng”) who is the Plaintiff’s wife and Ong Wen Jin (“Wen Jin”) who
is the Plaintiff’s daughter. Yew Hong filed two affidavits, one as an
administratrix of the Estate, ie, in her capacity as the second defendant and
the other as a beneficiary of the Estate, as the seventh defendant. Where
reference is made to Yew Hong’s AEIC and unless otherwise stated, it refers
only to her AEIC that was filed in her capacity as a beneficiary of the
Estate. The reasons for this will be apparent when the court refers to the
joint defence filed by the administratrices 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See [56] infra

.

5 The text of the Plaintiff’s AEIC totalled less than 28 pages but his
exhibits were compiled into three thick bundles of documents and consisted of
more than 1,000 pages, while similar documents formed the bulk of the 11
volumes of the agreed bundles of documents.

6 In his AEIC, the Plaintiff deposed that while the latter was alive, the
Father conducted a business called Southern Tyre Co (“Southern Tyre”) which
sole-proprietorship was registered in the name of the Deceased (on 1 October
1960 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See ACRA search at AB5748

) because the Father had a gambling habit. Southern Tyre was in the business
of supplying tyres to lorries and trucks that used to transport logs from
Peninsular Malaya to sawmills in Singapore. On 1 January 1975, Southern Tyre
was converted into a partnership with Chin Ee and the Plaintiff as the
partners of the Deceased.

7 In or about 1972, the Father ventured into the logging business in Malaysia.
He became a shareholder in a company called Lian Pong Timber Industries Sdn
Bhd on or about 26 November 1973.

8 The Plaintiff went to Peninsular Malaya to help in the Father’s timber
business and was stationed in Negeri Sembilan and Pahang. Chin Ee was left to
manage Southern Tyre in Singapore. Chin Ee managed Southern Tyre until he
emigrated to Canada on or about 12 December 1988 when the business was taken
over by Chin Ee’s brother-in-law Seah Tua Chew (“Seah”). On 27 June 1991, both
the Plaintiff and the Deceased formally withdrew from the partnership and Seah
officially took over the business of Southern Tyre.

9 After Malaysia banned the export of raw timber to Singapore in or about
1977, the Plaintiff deposed that he incorporated Success Lumber International
Pte Ltd (“Success Lumber”) to sell timber logs in Singapore after the timber
was first sawn and turned into logs in Malaysia. The Deceased and Chin Ee were
shareholders of Success Timber but were not involved in running its
operations. The Plaintiff was not a shareholder even though Success Lumber was
his company as he did not want his partners in his Malaysian timber business
to know he owned a competing business.

10 The Plaintiff deposed that he would help out in the business of Southern
Tyre whenever he returned to Singapore from Malaysia on weekends. The
Plaintiff took all the credit for the family’s prosperity 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See transcripts on 25 August 2021 at p 222

and claimed that it was the success of his timber business that enabled the
family to attain a middle to upper middle-class lifestyle which included
owning Mercedes Benz vehicles.

11 Besides Southern Tyre and Success Lumber, the family ventured into other
businesses and companies in Malaysia. These were (i) Syarikat Jayawaras Sdn
Bhd (“Jayawaras”); (ii) Crescent Realty Sdn Bhd (“Crescent”) and (iii) Foras
Realty Development Sdn Bhd (“Foras”). There was also a Singapore company
called Goldrich (S) Pte Ltd (“Goldrich”) that was incorporated in 1977. The
Deceased was a shareholder of all these companies and received regular
dividends from them. More will be said about some of these companies later 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See [19–20] and [74–75] infra

.

12 In the early days of Southern Tyre, the Deceased and her children resided
at the second floor or attic of a shophouse that she owned at No 895, Upper
Bukit Timah Road (“the Shophouse”) which ground floor was where the business
of Southern Tyre was conducted. The Shophouse was acquired by the government
sometime in the 1990s and the Deceased received by way of compensation around
$100,000.

13 In 1975, the family moved into a property located at No 1 Phoenix Garden
(“the PG Property”) which was purchased in the name of the Deceased although
it was funded by monies from Southern Tyre and a bank overdraft facility of
Southern Tyre. On 14 June 1977, the Plaintiff and Chin Ee were added as joint
owners to the PG Property without any payment on their part.

14 On 27 May 1985, the Plaintiff married Geok Leng but he continued to live at
the PG Property after his marriage. On 18 August 1988, three months before the
completion of the purchase of the Property, the Plaintiff and Geok Leng
purchased a condominium unit at No 5 Newton Road #04-13 Elmira Heights
(“Elmira Heights” or “the Flat”). He deposed in his AEIC that he looked
forward to moving into the Flat with his family but he gave up the idea
because the Deceased was not keen to live there as it was less convenient for
her friends to visit her.

15 In 1988, the PG Property was sold. The Deceased had initially wanted to
renovate the PG Property but changed her mind. Instead, she decided to and did
sell the PG Property for $540,000 and replaced it with the Property 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See [1] infra

as the family home, at a purchase price of $620,000. The Deceased, Yew Hong
(who was then unmarried), the Plaintiff and Geok Leng moved into the Property
in 1989 after the PG Property was sold.

16 Although the Flat was ready for occupancy by the second half of 1990, Bee
Hah deposed in her AEIC 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

At para 38

that the Plaintiff (with Geok Leng and later their children) continued to
reside at the Property. Therefore, because of his and his family’s continued
occupation of the Property until the time it was sold, it was the Plaintiff’s
case in this Suit that the Property was his matrimonial property (which the
defendants disputed).

17 In late 1988, Chin Ee emigrated to Canada with his wife and first child. On
21 May 1988, the Deceased (then about 60 years of age) called for a family
meeting (“the May 1988 meeting”) to discuss financial matters with her
children before Chin Ee left for Canada. For the May 1988 meeting, the
Deceased requested Yew Hong to take notes – which handwritten notes Yew Hong
produced at the trial 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See 2AB30–35

and were also exhibited in her AEIC 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

As exhibit OYH-6

. In the handwritten notes, the Plaintiff was referred to as “W” while Chin Ee
was referred to as “D” (which stands for David). What transpired at the May
1988 meeting has a material bearing on this Suit and requires elaboration.

18 At the May 1988 meeting, following upon discussions amongst the family
members, the following were some of the significant matters discussed and
agreed upon:

(a) the Plaintiff and Chin Ee would set up a joint UOB account (“the Brothers’
Account”) to which they would contribute $100,000 each. Their contributions
were to defray the daily, travelling and other expenses of the Deceased as
well as to take care of the university fees and wedding expenses of Yew Hong
in the future. If the balance in the Brothers’ Account was depleted below
$10,000, the two brothers would have to top up the shortfall equally to bring
the balance back to $200,000;

(b) Siew Eng, Ee Peng and Bee Hah would separately set up a bank account with
OCBC (“the Sisters’ Account’) into which they would transfer monies from the
Brothers’ Account to fund the Deceased’s personal but not the household
expenses. (The Sisters’ Account with OCBC that was set up in or about
September 1988 was closed after Siew Eng’s demise in 1997. Thereafter, Bee
Hah, Yew Hong and Ee Peng opened a new joint account with Industrial and
Commercial Bank which then became the Sisters’ Account);

(c) the Plaintiff and Chin Ee would transfer back to the Deceased their
interest in the PG Property;

(d) $20,000 would be returned to the Deceased from Selegie;

(e) the cost of renovation and car to be shared 50:50 by the Plaintiff and
Chin Ee. Each to give $50,000;

(f) based on a list that the Plaintiff produced, Siew Eng set out the
Deceased’s shares in various companies and arrived at a value of $164,000.

19 The Deceased wanted her children to bear witness to the agreement of the
Plaintiff and Chin Ee in [18(c)] to transfer back to her their interest in the
PG Property. Hence, Siew Eng wrote out a short note in Chinese to which the
children appended their signatures. The English translation of the document
reads:

Number 1 Phoenix Garden belongs to Tan Ah Moi (Chen Zhenmei)

Ong Chin Woon, Ong Chin Ee are willing to withdraw their names. Chen Zhenmei
(Tan Ah Moi) [to] handle [it] at her discretion.

Twenty years later at a family meeting held on 10 March 2009 (“the March 2009
meeting”) 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See [75]–[76] infra

, it was confirmed that when the PG Property was sold, the Deceased took all
the sale proceeds.

20 The reference to “Selegie” and $20,000 in [18(d)] requires an explanation.
According to Chin Ee 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See para 58 of his AEIC

, “Selegie” was a reference to a five-storey apartment building (“the Selegie
Building”) situated along Selegie Road which Goldrich owned. The entire Ong
family were Goldrich’s shareholders before Chin Ee moved to Canada with the
Deceased being the major shareholder. Goldrich had purchased for $140,000 the
plot of land upon which the Selegie Building was constructed; the Plaintiff
and Chin Ee paid $120,000 while the Deceased lent the balance of $20,000.

21 Whilst the Selegie Building was still under construction in 1988, the
Plaintiff was embroiled in disputes with the contractor over delays in
construction works. This resulted in the Plaintiff’s car being vandalised. The
Deceased was afraid that matters would get out of hand and wanted the Selegie
Building disposed of with the return of her loan of $20,000. The Selegie
Building was sold in 1989 for at least $1m. Less the bank loan used for
construction and the Deceased’s loan, Chin Ee 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

At para 61 of his AEIC

estimated that he and the Plaintiff would have received $240,000 each from the
sale proceeds. Chin Ee requested the Plaintiff to use $100,000 therefrom for
the Deceased’s care which Chin Ee assumed was done but, he never received the
difference of $140,000.

22 The reference to 50:50 in [18(e)] was to the Deceased’s then intention to
renovate the PG Property to which the Plaintiff and Chin Ee had agreed to make
an equal contribution of $50,000 each.

23 The Plaintiff deposed that while he resided at the Property, he paid for
all the household expenses using monies withdrawn from the Brothers’ Account.
Bee Hah (and the other daughters) opined that this in effect meant that Chin
Ee was paying for half of the Plaintiff’s expenses which they felt was unfair.
Hence, from about 1991 onwards, the Plaintiff took over the payment of the
regular household expenses at the Property as by then, he had two children.
Furthermore, the Deceased had since October 1990, started making annual trips
of about six months’ duration each to Canada to visit Chin Ee and his family.
She would leave for Vancouver in spring (March or April) and return to
Singapore in autumn (September or October) when the Canadian weather started
to turn cold. Her last trip to Canada was in late 2014. According to Yew Hong,
due to the Deceased’s long absences from Singapore between 1990 and 2014, the
bulk of the expenses incurred at the Property was, in any case, those of the
Plaintiff and his family.

24 Between 1997 and 2005, the Deceased’s daughters took her to see lawyers
with a view to making a will, as the Deceased did not speak English. However,
despite visiting three law firms between 19 March 1997 and 14 September 2005,
the Deceased did not execute a will.

25 Yew Hong deposed in her AEIC 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

At para 60

(and so too did Bee Hah 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

At para 50 of her AEIC

) that in every consultation she had with various lawyers/law firms, the
Deceased expressed her wish that the Property was to be sold after her death
and the sale proceeds distributed. Sometimes she would give details of the
percentages or amounts she intended to give to various individuals or
charities, but she remained undecided and no will was executed as a result.

26 On one occasion, on 11 February 2012, the Deceased accompanied by Yew Hong
visited Bee Hah at her home. There, the Deceased raised the subject of the
Property which she estimated was worth $2.5m. She instructed Bee Hah to write
down her instructions on how much to give to who, based on the figure of
$2.5m. Whenever Bee Hah went to the kitchen, Yew Hong would take over
recording the Deceased’s instructions. The notes were exhibited in Yew Hong’s
AEIC 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

At exhibit OYH-16

and the originals were also produced in court 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See exhibit D4 and 2AB125–127

. Counsel for the defendants, Ms Hing, described the notes as the Deceased’s
informal will as it set out the Deceased’s wishes on how her assets should be
dealt with after her demise.

27 Towards the end of 2014 after her return from Canada, the Deceased’s health
deteriorated. She spent considerable amounts of time in hospitals until her
demise on 5 February 2015 at 87 years of age.

28 After the Deceased’s funeral, her children and grandchildren gathered at
the Property on 15 February 2015, at the Plaintiff’s request. At that
gathering, some of the Deceased’s belongings such as her watch and jewellery
were distributed together with the cash donations from people who had attended
her wake.

29 Another meeting of the siblings followed on 25 March 2015 (“the March 2015
meeting”). Yew Hong made notes of the discussions 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See exhibit OYH-17 in her AEIC and 2AB143–144.

which primarily turned on the sale of the Property, the distribution of the
sale proceeds and the appointment of administrators for the Estate. The
Plaintiff made it clear that he did not want to be an administrator. The
Plaintiff also said the Deceased had been prepared to sell the Property to him
for $800,000 some 20 years back, but he would not press the issue as it would
cause friction in the family.

30 On 20 May 2015, the Plaintiff, Yew Hong, Ee Peng and Bee Hah met the
Estate’s solicitors for the first time (“the May 2015 meeting”) to discuss the
role of administrators – this included arranging for the Property to be sold
and distributing the sale proceeds to the Estate’s beneficiaries. The
Plaintiff indicated that he was prepared to move out of the Property. Although
she was initially reluctant to take on the role, Bee Hah eventually agreed to
be appointed an administratrix of the Estate along with Yew Hong and Ee Peng.
The grant of letters of administration was extracted on 3 November 2015. With
the death of Ee Peng on 7 May 2017, Yew Hong and Bee Hah are the remaining
administratrices of the estate.

31 Yew Hong deposed 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

At para 102 of her AEIC as a beneficiary

that out of the blue, in the interval between February and May 2015, the
Plaintiff told her that a loan of $500,000 had been taken out for the
Deceased’s purchase of the Property and that the Deceased’s monies were used
to repay the loans.

32 On 4 August 2016, a family meeting was held at the Property. At this
meeting, the Plaintiff said he and Chin Ee wanted to purchase the Property by
paying $200,000 to each of the other beneficiaries. However, nothing came out
of this proposal as the administratrices did not obtain the consent of the
other beneficiaries. The discussions were recorded in a WhatsApp message to
the siblings from Yew Hong on the following day 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

At 1AB4186–4188

.

33 Five months later on 18 January 2017, the Plaintiff, Chin Ee, Ee Peng, Yew
Hong and Bee Hah met at Ee Peng’s house. By then, Ee Peng was in poor health.
All the beneficiaries present agreed to sell the Property on the open market.
The delay in selling since the letters of administration were extracted (on 3
November 2015) according to Chin Ee 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See his AEIC at para 128

was due to the demise of Siew Eng’s husband (the third defendant’s father) and
the passing of Yew Hong’s father-in-law.

34 As he was still residing at the Property, the Plaintiff requested that any
sale must be subject to a three-years leaseback arrangement (“the leaseback
condition”). Although she did not voice her objections, Yew Hong deposed in
her AEIC 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

At para 100

that she was not supportive of the leaseback condition, as almost two years
had passed since the Deceased’s demise and she was mindful that the Deceased
wanted the Property to be sold as soon as possible after her passing. However,
as the Plaintiff was then the eldest while she was the youngest child in the
family, she felt it was not her place to object and she did not. It should be
noted that during cross-examination of the Plaintiff 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See transcripts on 27 August 2021 at p 349 line 21

, he denied that the leaseback condition only benefited him/his family as he
was the only one staying at the Property. In answer to the court’s question,
the Plaintiff gave the absurd explanation that he believed the Deceased’s
spirit would return within five years and she needed a roof over her head.

35 Between February and April 2017, the Plaintiff allowed the appointed real
estate agent, Jeannie Lim (“Jeannie”), to conduct viewings of the Property
which was marketed initially at $3.5m and subsequently at $3.25m. After
considerable difficulty, Jeannie found a buyer who was willing to pay $2.95m
for the Property (“the $2.95m offer”) and to accept the leaseback condition.

36 However, in May 2017, before the administratrices could act on the $2.95m
offer, Bee Hah and Yew Hong at a lunch with the Plaintiff and Chin Ee were
asked by the Plaintiff to sell the Property to his daughter Wen Jin at $2.7m
instead. The Plaintiff also asked that the estate pay him a commission of
$60,000 and pay Wen Jin monthly rent of $4,000 under the leaseback condition.
Not surprisingly, the Plaintiff’s unreasonable demands 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

According to para 66(g) of Bee Hah’s AEIC

caused heated arguments and led to Yew Hong and then Bee Hah walking off. Chin
Ee had to step in to mediate the dispute between them.

37 On 9 June 2017, the Plaintiff sent a WhatsApp message to the Estate’s chat
group that had been created for the beneficiaries. It stated:

As I had infm CE the same early days.

Wen Jin n her boyfriend had confirmed to buy [Jalan Jermin] at $2.76M

Pls infm then to whom they will pay 1% option money asap

38 Subsequently, Chin Ee informed Yew Hong 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See para 127 of her AEIC.

that the offer price had been increased by $60,000 from $2.7m to $2.76m and
that the purchasers would be the Plaintiff and Wen Jin. Yew Hong was also told
that the extra $60,000 was meant 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ibid para 127

to be given back to the Plaintiff by the Estate as his commission. In her AEIC
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ibid para 127

, Yew Hong said:

In other words, [the Plaintiff] wanted to extract the commission he had
requested from his own daughter and future son-in-law.

39 On 10 June 2017, all the beneficiaries consented to the sale to the
Plaintiff and Wen Jin. From June to July 2017, the administratrices agreed to
sell the Property with vacant possession at the price of $2.76m but it was not
to the Plaintiff and Wen Jin – it was to Wen Jin’s husband-to-be. The reason
for the change was based on legal advice. Wen Jin’s lawyers were concerned
that as the daughter of a beneficiary of the Estate that was selling the
Property, her loan application may be affected and not be approved by virtue
of that relationship. To show it was an “arm’s length” transaction, Wen Jin
and/or the Plaintiff decided that Wen Jin’s future husband would be the sole
purchaser.

40 For reasons that will become apparent in the court’s subsequent findings,
Yew Hong made copious references in her AEIC to the WhatsApp exchanges that
showed that the Plaintiff actively encouraged Wen Jin (and Wen Jin’s future
husband) to purchase the Property at a discount to the market value. In her
communication with the administratrices in particular with Yew Hong, Wen Jin
also made no secret of the fact she could only afford to buy the property with
the (financial) support of her father as her budget was only $2.7m and the
Plaintiff would pay the difference of $60,000.

41 The administratrices issued the option to purchase for the Property in July
2017 and the sale was completed in October 2017. Upon completion, the
Plaintiff insisted that the administratrices distribute the sale proceeds
quickly. He took issue with the steps taken by the administratrices in August
and September 2017 to ascertain claims for expenses made against the Estate
prior to distribution of the sale proceeds. There was a considerable exchange
of correspondence between the parties as well as between the solicitors for
the Estate and the Plaintiff in that regard.

42 On 19 September 2017 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See 1AB4300 and exhibit OYH-30 in Yew Hong’s AEIC

, the Plaintiff submitted a handwritten note in Chinese setting out his claims
again the Estate. Besides a sum of $298,008.94 for the Deceased’s
hospitalisation, his note included a claim for $100,000 (“the $100,000 claim”)
for his eldest son Yan Jie that the Deceased had purportedly promised to him.
However, the administratrices rejected the $100,000 claim on the basis that it
was not the Deceased’s debt and they could not admit the claim without the
consent of the other beneficiaries (which was not forthcoming) as required
under the law of intestacy.

43 As Bee Hah was going on holiday in October 2017, the administratrices
planned to distribute the sale proceeds in November 2017. However,
distribution of the sale proceeds did not take place as planned in November
2017. Despite repeated requests from the administratrices, the Plaintiff
failed to provide accounts of all the cash donations he collected from well-
wishers at the wake as well as the sums he disbursed therefrom to each
sibling. He failed and/or refused to do so even when the Estate’s solicitors
wrote to him. Unlike the other beneficiaries, the Plaintiff further refused to
confirm the Estate’s accounts when the same were sent to him before
distribution could take place. Indeed, he objected to the distribution taking
place before his claims against the Estate were paid.

44 On 26 January 2018 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

At 1AB4338

, the Plaintiff through his lawyers stated for the first time that the
Plaintiff had contributed substantially to the purchase of the Property and
there was no basis for an equal distribution of the sale proceeds to all the
beneficiaries of the estate. In response, the administratrices requested for
evidence from the Plaintiff to support his claim to the Property and the sale
proceeds. However, no evidence was forthcoming from him between February and
July 2018.

45 Hence, on 16 July 2018, despite the Plaintiff’s objections, the
administratrices through the Estate’s solicitors, made a distribution of
$300,000 of the sale proceeds to each beneficiary for a total distribution of
$2.1m. The Plaintiff was unsuccessful in his attempt to obtain an injunction
to stop the payments that the administratrices made. On the same day, the
Plaintiff served his writ of summons in this Suit on the administratrices
followed by service of the statement of claim (“SOC”) on 27 July 2018.

46 On 25 July 2018, the Plaintiff requested and subsequently received a cheque
for $300,000 as his share of the interim distribution from the sale proceeds
of the Property. However, unlike the other beneficiaries, he did not sign the
receipt and discharge documents prepared by the Estate’s solicitors.

The pleadings

47 When the Plaintiff first commenced this Suit, he only sued Bee Hah and Yew
Hong in their capacity as administratrices of the estate. It was pursuant to
the administratrices’ application in Summons No 1743 of 2019 filed on 3 April
2019 and which was granted on 1 August 2019 (despite the Plaintiff’s
objections and which order was upheld on the Plaintiff’s appeal to a judge in
chambers), that all the siblings (or their estates’ representatives) were
joined as defendants in this Suit.

48 In his SOC (Amendment No 3), the Plaintiff narrated the facts leading up to
the purchase of the Property, including the purchase and sale of the PG
Property. The gravamen of the Plaintiff’s case was that there was a common
intention 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See para 14 of the SOC

between himself and the Deceased at the time of the purchase of the Property
on how the beneficial interest in the Property would be held. He averred that
at that time, the Deceased no longer had significant income while he was the
sole breadwinner in the family.

49 The Plaintiff particularised the common intention as follows:

(a) the Deceased would utilise her share of the monies from the sale of the PG
Property to pay the 10% deposit of $62,000 as well as another $58,000 whilst
the difference of $500,000 of the purchase price ($620,000 - $62,000 -
$58,000) would be funded by a bank loan;

(b) the Plaintiff would be responsible for servicing the bank loan and the
interest as the Property was to be the Plaintiff’s. Had the Plaintiff not
agreed to service the bank loan that was obtained, the Property could not have
been purchased;

(c) the Property would be the Plaintiff’s matrimonial home and the Deceased
would continue to reside with and be taken care of by the Plaintiff;

(d) notwithstanding that the bank loan was to be serviced by the Plaintiff,
the Property would initially be registered in the name of the Deceased because
the Plaintiff was newly married and he was still developing the timber
business in Singapore and Malaysia; however, the Plaintiff was to own the
Property.

During his cross-examination 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See transcripts on 25 August 2021 at p 212

, the Plaintiff added two more reasons to (d) – the Malaysian roads were
dangerous and the Flat 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See transcripts on 25 August 2021 at p 212 lines 7–12

had just been purchased. The court is unable to understand the relevance of
these two factors to the non-registration of the Plaintiff’s name as the owner
of the Property.

50 The Plaintiff averred that the common intention was evidenced by the
following acts:

(a) a bank loan was obtained from United Overseas Finance Limited (“UOF loan”)
with the Deceased as the mortgagor and the Plaintiff as the guarantor;

(b) the Plaintiff paid the stamp and legal fees as well as incidental costs
amounting to $22,500.00;

(c) the Plaintiff serviced the monthly instalments of the UOF loan through the
joint Chung Khiaw Bank Limited account (“the CKB account”) he maintained with
his wife. The UOF loan was fully redeemed around May 1992 when he paid
$591,889.85 (of which an overpayment of $13,699.84 was subsequently refunded
to him);

(d) the Plaintiff continued to take care of the Deceased;

(e) the Plaintiff paid for furnishings and renovation works at the Property as
well as its utilities, property tax and other maintenance sums.

51 In reliance on the common intention, the Plaintiff alleged that he had
acted to his detriment as shown in the table below, which sets out his and the
Deceased’s contributions towards the purchase of the Property 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See para 20 of the SOC

:

Tan Ah Moi | $62,000.00 + $58,000.00 = $120,000.00| 16.3%  
---|---|---  
The Plaintiff| $591,889.85+ $22,500.00 = $614,389.85| 83.7%  
Total| $734,389.85| 100%  
  
Consequently, the Plaintiff averred that he is entitled to 83.7% of the
Property’s sale proceeds by virtue of a resulting trust arising from his
contributions.

52 In the alternative, the Plaintiff asserted that he is the beneficial owner
of the Property and he is entitled to 100% of the sale proceeds of the
Property by reason of a common intention constructive trust.

53 In the further alternative, the Plaintiff contended he is entitled to 100%
of the sale proceeds of the Property based on proprietary estoppel, which he
particularised as follows:

(a) the Deceased had assured and/or represented to him that she intended that
the Property be the matrimonial home of the Plaintiff and that he be the owner
of the Property;

(b) the Deceased encouraged the Plaintiff to be responsible for the repayment
of the UOF loan and interest on the understanding he would be the owner of the
Property.

The Plaintiff pleaded that he relied on the Deceased’s representations to his
detriment.

54 The Plaintiff alleged that none of the siblings contributed financially,
directly or indirectly, towards the purchase of the Property – it was not his
and the Deceased’s common intention that the siblings should have any interest
in the Property. This was because Ah Hua was no longer a member of the family
since she was young, Chin Ee emigrated to Canada and the Deceased made
provisions for Ee Peng, Siew Eng and the administratrices during her lifetime
through various inter vivos gifts including the opening with them of joint
bank accounts and safe deposit boxes.

55 The Plaintiff alleged that the defendants refused to recognise his
beneficial interest in the Property despite his repeated demands. Hence, he
sought:

(a) a declaration that he has 100% beneficial interest in the Property, that
he is entitled to all the sale proceeds and that the administratrices pay him
the sale proceeds of the Property in satisfaction of his claim including
taking all necessary steps to recover whatever monies that have been
distributed to the defendants;

(b) in the alternative, the Plaintiff prayed for a declaration that he holds
83.7% beneficial interest in the Property and that the administratrices pay
him 83.7% of the sale proceeds of the Property in satisfaction of his claim
including taking steps to recover whatever monies that have been paid to the
defendants.

56 As alluded to earlier, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

At [4] supra

the court only referred to Yew Hong’s AEIC affirmed as a beneficiary of the
estate. This was due to the defence filed by the administratrices. In that
joint defence, Bee Hah and Yew Hong stated that they are not in a financial
position as administratrices to defend this Suit properly due to a lack of
funds. They had proposed to utilise the Estate’s funds to defend this suit but
were precluded from doing so by the Plaintiff’s objections. Consequently, the
administratrices averred that they adopt a neutral position in respect of the
Plaintiff’s claim and will abide by the court’s decision. In the same vein,
Yew Hong in the AEIC that she filed as administratrix of the estate, deposed
that she would abide by the decision of the court.

57 Not surprisingly, in the joint defence that they filed as the third to
eighth defendants, the siblings (and the two legal representatives of the
siblings) put up a lengthy and robust defence to the Plaintiff’s allegations
in the SOC.

58 The siblings set out in their defence the events that took place from the
time of the demise of the Deceased and the appointment of the three sisters as
the administratrices of the Estate. They further set out the background of
Southern Tyre and described the Deceased as an independent and entrepreneurial
woman who was behind the success of the tyre business.

59 The siblings averred that the names of the Plaintiff and Chin Ee were added
to the title of the PG Property because they were the only sons in the family
and this was a traditional Chinese family. If anything should happen to the
Deceased, the PG Property would pass to the Plaintiff and Chin Ee and the
siblings would have a roof over their heads. It was pointed out that when the
two sons became joint tenants of the PG Property, they were in their mid-
twenties and had been involved in Southern Tyre for only a few years. The
Plaintiff worked there on Saturdays and made limited contribution towards the
business as he was then still in his polytechnic course. Hence, the siblings
denied the Plaintiff’s claim that he and Chin Ee were made joint tenants
because they helped out in the family business from which income the entire
family was supported.

60 Instead, the defendants asserted that a resulting trust arose in favour of
the Deceased from the joint tenancy held by the Plaintiff and Chin Ee in the
PG Property. Neither of them provided consideration for the addition of their
names as joint tenants.

61 The defendants further denied that after the Father’s passing, it was the
Plaintiff who provided the main financial support to the family from his
business activities in Malaysia. They averred that the Deceased continued to
receive income from Southern Tyre and from her investments in other businesses
including Goldrich, which income the Deceased used to pay for household and
other expenses. By 1976, all the siblings save for Yew Hong, were above 18
years of age and were either working or married. They did not rely on the
Deceased or the Plaintiff for financial support save that some of them were
still living with the Deceased.

62 The defendants referenced the May 1988 meeting 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See [17] supra

and set out the major items agreed to therein as set out earlier at [18]. The
defendants denied the Plaintiff’s allegation of a common intention regarding
the Property as set out earlier at [49]–[50]. The defendants averred that
until the commencement of this Suit, none of them was aware of that alleged
common intention – the decision to purchase the Property was made by the
Deceased alone. Consistent with her intention that the Property was to be her
house, the Deceased was registered as its sole owner 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See para 18(b) of the defence of the 3rd to 8th defendants

.

63 As the Plaintiff assisted the Deceased to negotiate and complete the sale
of the PG Property, the defendants averred that they were unaware of the
details surrounding the sale of the PG Property and the purchase of the
Property with regards to (i) the sale price of the PG Property, (ii) how its
sale proceeds were paid out and (iii) how the purchase of the Property was
funded including the bank loan and mortgage as well as the stamp and legal
fees and other incidental costs. To the best of the defendants’ knowledge, the
Deceased had sufficient funds from the sale proceeds of the PG Property and
her other sources of income to pay for the Property.

64 The defendants denied the Plaintiff’s allegation that Chin Ee gave up one-
third of his share of the sale proceeds of the PG Property as his contribution
towards the costs of care for the Deceased.

65 The defendants averred that until her demise, the Deceased occupied the
master bedroom of the Property while the Plaintiff (and subsequently his wife
and children after his marriage) occupied other bedrooms in the Property.
Further, the Deceased kept a bedroom for Chin Ee and his family’s use even
after Chin Ee emigrated to Canada. The Deceased did not allow the Plaintiff or
the Plaintiff’s family to occupy Chin Ee’s room until after the Plaintiff’s
third or fourth child was born.

66 The defendants set out the steps that were taken by the Deceased between
1997 and 2015 to distribute her assets (which included the sale proceeds of
the Property) that negated the existence of the alleged common intention.
These included:

(a) meeting with various sets of lawyers on or around 19 March 1997, 11 June
2001 and 14 September 2005, to execute a will and divide her assets although
ultimately no will was executed as the Deceased could not decide how her
assets should be divided;

(b) when the Deceased visited Chin Ee in the early 2010s, she told him the
Property should be sold after her demise and that $500,000 of the sale
proceeds should be given each to the Plaintiff and Chin Ee and $300,000 to Yew
Hong;

(c) at the February 2012 meeting, mentioned above in [26], the Deceased
indicated that the Plaintiff should vacate the Property within six months of
her passing and the Property should then be sold;

(d) when the Deceased was warded at Raffles Hospital in September or October
2014, in the presence of the Plaintiff, Chin Ee and Ee Peng, the Deceased
stated how she intended to distribute the sale proceeds of the Property;

(e) between October 2014 and February 2015, while she was warded at Tan Tock
Seng Hospital (“TTSH”), the Deceased discussed with Yew Hong and Ee Peng how
she wanted the sale proceeds of the Property to be divided.

67 The defendants averred that the Plaintiff’s own conduct after the
Deceased’s passing made it clear that there was no common intention as seen
from the following events:

(a) Between February and May 2015, the Plaintiff mentioned that a loan had
been taken out to pay for the Property when he met Yew Hong at the Property
and said monies used to repay the loan belonged to the Deceased.

(b) On or about 26 March 2015, the Plaintiff and Chin Ee were at the Property
to perform religious rites in the presence of Ee Peng, Bee Hah and Yew Hong.
The parties discussed selling the Property in accordance with the Deceased’s
intention and how the sale proceeds would be distributed including the
Plaintiff and Chin Ee being given a larger share of the sale proceeds as sons
of the Deceased, if the other beneficiaries consented.

(c) At the May 2015 meeting at [30], the Plaintiff confirmed the Property was
the Deceased’s only substantial asset and he could move out at any time since
he had his own property. By then, the Flat had been sold and he had purchased
another property at Geylang which was rented out.

(d) The schedule of assets dated 19 October 2015 for the Estate listed the
Property as her only substantial asset based on the Plaintiff’s confirmation
at the May 2015 meeting.

(e) The Plaintiff inquired of Chin Ee in August 2016 whether the two of them
should buy out the interest of the other beneficiaries in the Property at
$200,000 each (“the buy-out proposal”) 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See [32] supra

but the buy-out proposal was abandoned as Ah Hua did not agree.

(f) On or about 18 January 2017 at Ee Peng’s house 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See [33] supra

, the Plaintiff agreed with other beneficiaries to sell the Property but with
a leaseback condition.

(g) Between February and April 2017, the Plaintiff allowed viewings of the
Property to prospective buyers.

(h) On or about 22 May 2017, the Plaintiff proposed that his daughter Wen Jin
purchase the Property and on 9 June 2017, he confirmed that she offered $2.76m
for the Property.

(i) On 9 October 2017, the sale to Wen Jin’s future husband was completed.

(j) In or about August 2017 and thereafter, the Plaintiff repeatedly pressed
for distribution of the sale proceeds of the Property even though the
administratrices indicated they would do the distribution in November 2017
after the beneficiaries had first submitted their claims against the Estate.
The Plaintiff submitted unsubstantiated claims against the Estate.

(k) In or about September 2017, the Plaintiff repeatedly insisted the $100,000
claim being paid from the sale proceeds on the basis that his son Yan Jie was
the Deceased’s eldest grandson.

(l) It was only by the Plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter dated 19 January 2018 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

At 1AB4337

that the Plaintiff alleged for the first time that the estate was not entitled
to 100% of the sale proceeds of the Property.

(m) At no time in the past 30 years since the purchase of the Property did the
Plaintiff assert to any of the defendants that he had any ownership interest
in the Property.

In the circumstances, there was no common intention as alleged.

68 In the alternative, the defendants averred that if indeed there was a
common intention when the Property was purchased as the Plaintiff alleged, the
same was superseded by a change in the common intention between the Deceased
and the Plaintiff by their conduct in having the Deceased registered as the
sole legal and beneficial owner of the Property.

69 The defendants put the Plaintiff to strict proof of his allegation that he
had contributed towards the Property’s purchase price.

70 In the further alternative, in the event that the court finds that the
Plaintiff has a cause of action, the defendants asserted that the Plaintiff’s
claim is barred from relief by laches as he had acquiesced in the matters he
complained of – the Plaintiff was guilty of prolonged, inordinate and
inexcusable delay in bringing this Suit and seeking reliefs. As a result, the
defendants have suffered prejudice as they have been deprived of Ee Peng’s
direct knowledge and evidence of the circumstances in which the Property was
purchased. In the further alternative, the Plaintiff had waived all his
rights.

71 In his reply to the defence of the defendants, the Plaintiff 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

At para 30 of the reply

denied that the purchase of the Property was funded by the sale proceeds of
the PG Property save for what he asserted at [51]. He averred he had assisted
to negotiate and handle the sale of the PG Property as at the material time,
the Deceased was away in China. During the Plaintiff’s cross-examination, it
was established that the Deceased left for China on 31 August 1988 after
signing the option to purchase for the Property 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See transcripts on 26 August 2021 at p 234 and exhibit P4, a travel agent’s
receipt for the purchase of the Deceased’s air ticket

.

The evidence

(i) The Plaintiff’s case

72 As alluded to earlier 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

At [5]

, the text of the Plaintiff’s AEIC was barely 28 pages in length but his
exhibits exceeded 1,000 pages. The exhibits comprised, inter alia, of (i)
heavily redacted bank statements from the CKB joint account of the Plaintiff
and Geok Leng from as far back as 1 February 1989; (ii) voluminous invoices
dating from 1989 or earlier for furniture and appliance purchases, light
fittings, even for toolboxes and wire cutters, gas lighters, petrol receipts;
(iii) property tax bills (in the name of the Deceased) and television licence
fees for the PG Property, (iv) CPF foreign worker levy payments advices
addressed to the Plaintiff at the PG Property; (v) utility bills in the
Deceased’s name dated as far back as 2004 incurred at the PG Property; (vii)
the Plaintiff’s Singtel bills at the PG Property’s address, etc. Many more
bills and receipts were contained in the 11 volumes of the agreed bundles of
documents.

73 The Plaintiff’s version of the facts has already been set out earlier 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

At [6]–[14] supra

. The court therefore turns to the evidence that was adduced from him during
cross-examination.

74 Contrary to his pleaded case, the Plaintiff’s cross-examination showed that
the sale proceeds of the PG Property were utilised for the purchase of the
Property. The Deceased received the 10% deposit ($54,000) as well as $162,000.
Notwithstanding that he and Chin Ee received $162,000 each, the Plaintiff
after being pressed repeatedly, finally agreed that their total sum of
$324,000 was given to the Deceased. In exchange, the Deceased gave up her
shares in Goldrich. This was pursuant to the agreement reached at the March
2009 meeting.

75 The March 2009 meeting was attended by the Plaintiff along with the
Deceased, Ee Peng, Yew Hong and Bee Hah while Chin Ee was represented by his
wife. According to Yew Hong 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See paras 31–33 of her AEIC

, the Plaintiff called for this family meeting to discuss matters relating to
Jayawaras 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See [11] supra

in which the Deceased and the siblings (including Ah Hua) held 5,000 shares
each.

76 Yew Hong made a brief note of the discussions that took place at the March
2009 meeting 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Exhibited at OYH-9 in her AEIC and see 2AB115

. The Deceased had then raised the subject of the PG Property. She told the
Plaintiff and Chin Ee that since she received the entire sale proceeds of the
PG Property, she was willing to give up all her shares in Goldrich. Yew Hong’s
note recorded the discussion as follows:

When sold Phoenix Garden (under Tan Ah Moi, Ong Chin Woon, Ong Chin Ee – 3
names), proceeds all given to Tan Ah Moi.

In return, mother agree all her shares in Goldrich (S) Pte Ltd belongs to Ong
Chin Woon and Ong Chin Ee.

Now under name Tan Ah Moi, but to be equally distributed to Ong Chin Woon &
Ong Chin Ee.

77 During his cross-examination 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See the transcripts on 24 August 2021 at pp 73–74

, counsel for the defendants (Ms Hing) pointed out to the Plaintiff that at
the March 2009 meeting, neither he nor the Deceased at any time raised the
fact that a bank loan had been taken for the PG Property which the Plaintiff
paid off. The Plaintiff also did not correct the Deceased to say he (and Chin
Ee) had taken his/their share(s) of the sale proceeds of the PG Property. Not
surprisingly, the Plaintiff would not admit that Yew Hong’s note in [76] was
accurate, pointing out there were no signatures affixed to it.

78 Ms Hing drew the Plaintiff’s attention to para 39 of his AEIC where, inter
alia, he stated:

… the sales proceeds of $486,000.00 was distributed to the 3 joint tenants in
equal shares with myself, Tan Ah Moi and Ong Chin Ee each getting $162,000.00
… I had agreed with Ong Chin Ee that our respective shares of $162,000.00 each
will be deposited into the Brothers’ Account for the maintenance of [Tan Ah
Moi]. Ong Chin Ee instructed me to utilise his 1/3 share as his contribution
for the costs of care for Tan Ah Moi in his absence.

The above passage was repeated in para 13 of the SOC. The end result of this
portion of the Plaintiff’s cross-examination was his inability to show that
his and Chin Ee’s share of the sale proceeds of the PG Property were indeed
spent on the maintenance and upkeep of the Deceased. This is clearly seen in
[79] below. His assertion was also not pleaded in the SOC.

79 It turned out from the Plaintiff’s overnight search for documents 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See transcripts of 25 August 2021 at pp 112–113

after the hearing was adjourned on 25 August 2021 that the sum of $324,000 was
lent to Goldrich 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See receipt at exhibit P1

and then deposited in the names of two third-party individuals into the Bank
of America. When he was cross-examined 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See transcripts on 31 August 2021 at pp 733 and 741–742

, Chin Ee testified that he knew nothing about the loan of $324,000 to
Goldrich. As far as Chin Ee was concerned, the sum should have gone to the
Deceased as it was her money.

80 The Plaintiff further produced a receipt issued by Goldrich to the Deceased
dated 31 December 1988 for $136,000 evidencing her loan to the company 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See exhibit P1

.

81 The nub of Ms Hing’s cross-examination of the Plaintiff was to disprove his
claim that the Deceased did not have sufficient funds to purchase the Property
and he paid for it. At the material time, contrary to the Plaintiff’s
contention that the Deceased had no significant income 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See para 14 of the SOC and [48] infra

, the defendants produced 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

At 1AB6418–6421

bank statements from December 1984 to December 1997 of a joint account that
the Deceased maintained with Yew Hong that showed she had substantial savings
of around $70,000. In addition, the Deceased ran tontines actively between
1988 to 1990 and even dabbled/invested in shares. Further, there were
documents which showed she was paid director’s fees of $30,000 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See 1AB5759–5761

per year by Goldrich for 1988 and 1989. The Plaintiff himself produced the
receipt in [80] of the Deceased’s loan to Goldrich for $136,000.

82 Another source of income for the Deceased was the monthly rent of $2,000
that Chin Ee paid to her in 1988 for the Shophouse. There was also the rubber
plantation that was sold to Crescent for RM1.6m according to the notes of the
family meeting in May 1988 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See [17] infra

. The amount was equivalent to S$1m in December 1996.

83 The Plaintiff had produced in court the letter of offer dated 5 October
1988 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

At 1AB177–180

from UOF (“UOF’s letter of offer”) in relation to the purported loan the
Deceased took to fund the purchase of the Property. He did not produce the
previous letter of offer from UOF dated 6 September 1988 (“UOF’s first
letter”) referred to in the first paragraph of UOF’s letter of offer. The
Plaintiff elaborated in [49(d)] during cross-examination 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

At transcripts on 24 August 2021 at p 100

on why the Property was not registered in his name. He explained it was
because he was busy establishing his timber business at the material time and
it would have been too risky to register him as the owner as he was a personal
guarantor for loans obtained for Success Lumber. In re-examination 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

At transcripts on 27 August 2021 at pp 390–391

, the Plaintiff explained that the role of Success Lumber was to act as the
subsidiary for all his Malaysian companies, to collate and receive timber
orders for the Malaysian companies and supply the timber to the customers when
the timber came from Malaysia.

84 Ms Hing obtained the Plaintiff’s confirmation (after considerable
prevarication on his part) that the PG Property was sold on 16 September 1988
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See exhibit D3, search from Singapore Titles Automated Registration System
(“STARS”)

and the sale was completed on 29 December 1988. The purchase of the Property
took place earlier on 29 August 1988 with completion on 29 November 1988.
UOF’s letter of offer was dated 5 October 1988 and the loan was drawn down on
9 December 1988. Because the sale proceeds of the PG Property were received by
the Deceased after the purchase of the Property was completed, all that the
Deceased needed was a short-term bridging loan for the interval between the
completion of the purchase of the Property and the sale of the PG Property.
She did not need any 15 years’ term loan for the net shortfall of $80,000
between the purchase price of the Property ($620,000) and the sale price of
the PG property ($540,000), let alone for $500,000.

85 After repeated questioning, the Plaintiff eventually admitted 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

At transcripts on 25 August 2021 at p 121

that he took the UOF loan in the Deceased’s name for his own benefit. In his
further cross-examination 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

At transcripts on 27 August 2021 at p 381

Ms Hing pointed the Plaintiff to the fact that UOF charged interest on its 15
years’ loan at only 4% per annum 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See UOF’s letter of offer at 1AB177

.

86 The UOF loan was taken for the Plaintiff’s own benefit and he arranged to
pay off the UOF loan in full in December 1991 after the expiry of the
prepayment penalty period, due to rising interest rates 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See the Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 53

.

87 The defendants then addressed the Plaintiff’s assertion that the Deceased
did not receive his and Chin Ee’s two-third share of the sale proceeds of the
PG Property to pay towards the purchase price of the Property. During his
cross-examination, the Plaintiff was questioned on the $324,000. He disclosed
that the $324,000 lent to Goldrich was converted to sterling pounds to earn
interest which interest was deposited into the Brothers’ Account. In order to
avoid income tax, he did not use either his or Chin Ee’s names but the names
of third parties for the deposit 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See transcripts on 24 August 2021 at pp 89–90

of £134,830.88 which was renewed until 17 July 1989 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See exhibit P2 at p 5

. All these arrangements were made without Chin Ee’s knowledge or consent 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See Chin Ee’s testimony at transcripts on 31 August 2021 at pp 732–733

. Thereafter, neither the Plaintiff nor the documents he produced explained
what happened to the $324,000. He could not prove it had been deposited into
the Brothers’ Account. The defendants pointed out that the Plaintiff’s
production of exhibit P3 did not assist him – that was a letter dated 13 March
1990 addressed to Bank of America by Cheah Kwai Foong and Lee Swee Lean
instructing the former to remit A$51,749.75 to Citibank Hong Kong to the
credit of Ong Chin Ee and/or Seah Chwee Kim from a time deposit of
A$103,499.51. The sum of A$103,499.51 did not equate to £134,830.88. Neither
could the Plaintiff corroborate his claim that the $324,000 was expended on
the care of the Deceased. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

At para 39 of his AEIC

Hence, the defendants submitted 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

At para 59 of the DCS.

that the inescapable inference was that the Deceased received the $324,000,
and that sum was used to pay down the mortgage loan for the Property.

88 Subsequently, the Plaintiff applied to Banque Indosuez for a facility
which, by the said bank’s letter dated 29 April 1991 (“Indosuez Bank’s
facility letter”) 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

At 1AB188–189

was approved for an overdraft of $500,000 (“the overdraft facility”). What was
noteworthy and which Ms Hing highlighted was the fact that the overdraft
facility was secured on three fixed deposits of the Plaintiff charged to
Indosuez Bank, one in the amount of £220,148.41, the second in the sum of
DEM458,209.76 and the third in the amount of CHF392,203.75.

89 According to historical exchange records maintained by the Monetary
Authority of Singapore, in April 1991, the exchange rate between the sterling
pound and the Singapore dollar was about £1.00 to S$3.14, 100 units of the
Swiss franc was then worth between S$121.00 and S$125.18 and 100 German marks
was then equivalent to between S$101.49 and $104.36. (According to the Bank of
America letter in exhibit P1, the exchange rate between the sterling pound and
Singapore dollar was S$3.4515 to £1.00 as of 10 January 1989). Consequently,
£220,148.41 would have approximated S$691,266.01 (@ S$3.14 to £1.00),
CHF392,203.75 would have been worth at least S$474,566.54 and DEM458,209.76
was about S$465,037.09. The total value of the Plaintiff’s fixed deposits
exceeded S$1.63m.

90 It would appear from the evidence adduced from the Plaintiff in cross-
examination that he was a very shrewd investor who knew how to make money from
the spread in interest rates between 1988 and 1991. The interest rates on
foreign currencies were then in double digits as against single digits for
loans in local currency. According to the Bank of America documents in
exhibits P1 and P2, the then interest rate for sterling pound deposits ranged
between 12% to 13.3125% per annum. What the Plaintiff did was to borrow in the
name of the Deceased with him as guarantor, $500,000 in the UOF loan at 4%
interest per annum, convert the sum into foreign currency and profit from the
interest spread of 8–9% (12%–13% less 4%).

91 Ms Hing suggested to the Plaintiff that he had the same modus operandi for
the Flat. He took a loan from CKB 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See letter dated 14 October 1991 from his solicitors to Chung Khiaw Bank at
1AB1512

converted the loan into foreign currency, placed it in a fixed deposit and
earned the spread from the difference between the local and foreign currency
interest rates. It should be noted however that in relation to the Flat, the
Plaintiff only disclosed the option to purchase dated 18 August 1988 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

At 1AB1508

(“the Option”) and a letter from his solicitors dated 14 October 1991 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

At 1AB1512

to CKB stating that the Transfer instrument and mortgage had been registered.
That was the only inkling that the Flat was mortgaged to CKB. The Plaintiff
did not produce CKB’s letter of offer for the loan he took. Since the
Plaintiff had by April 1991 at [89] deposits in excess of S$1.63m, there was
hardly a need for him to take any loan from CKB, bearing in mind the purchase
price of the Flat was only $479,000 as stated in the Option.

92 Unsurprisingly, the Plaintiff questioned 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

At transcripts on 26 August 2021 at p 308

the validity of the handwritten notes made by Bee Hah and Yew Hong on 11
February 2012 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

At exhibit D4

setting out the Deceased’s instructions. He considered the notes as his
sisters’ records and he did not know when they were instructed by the
Deceased. He opined that it was written “based on someone’s idea” 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

At transcripts at p 309

. The Plaintiff disagreed that the notes reflected the wishes of the Deceased
as to how she wanted her assets to be distributed after her passing as well as
the extent of her assets. He accused his two sisters of heavily influencing
the Deceased by taking her to see lawyers – which fact he was unaware of. Had
he known of the notes of and/or, the February 2012 meeting, he said he would
have questioned the Deceased.

93 Geok Leng’s AEIC painted the Deceased as someone who “bullied” her (in the
Plaintiff’s words). The Deceased, in Geok Leng’s words 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

At para 7 of her AEIC

, “made [Geok Leng] wait on [the Deceased] for all of her needs on a daily
basis”. Geok Leng alleged that the Deceased made her tidy all the rooms, sweep
and mop the floor, wipe the tables and chairs, wash the toilets, hand wash
everybody’s laundry as well as another ten sets of clean clothes which the
Deceased would randomly pull from her wardrobe, water the garden plants using
a big pail as the Deceased did not allow her to use the garden hose. Geok Leng
also alleged she had to prepare breakfast for Yew Hong and the Deceased. Geok
Leng added that she had to complete all the aforesaid chores before she walked
for 20 minutes to Southern Tyre’s premises to work as the Deceased would not
allow her to take the Plaintiff’s car to work.

94 After work, Geok Leng alleged that she had to return home to wash laundry,
water the garden plants, prepare dinner and set the dinner table. She had to
climb the stairs to inform the Deceased when dinner was ready and, get a pair
of slippers ready for the Deceased’s use at the bottom of the staircase. At
the dinner table, Geok Leng alleged that she had to sit next to the Deceased
and serve her every dish. After dinner, Geok Leng deposed she had to cut
fruits for each diner, clear/clean the table, do the washing-up, wash/scrub
the kitchen and put away the washed clothes into individual wardrobes. She
then had to massage the Deceased’s legs.

95 Geok Leng claimed she was so exhausted physically and mentally that after a
year of marriage, she asked the Plaintiff for a divorce. She even alleged that
after a maid was employed in 1989 when she was pregnant, the Deceased told her
that the maid was hired by the Plaintiff to take care of the Deceased and Yew
Hong. Geok Leng was not allowed to make use of the maid.

96 In cross-examination 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

At transcripts on 27 August 2021 at p 438

, Geok Leng claimed she complained to the Plaintiff about her ill-treatment
but he told her to bear with it.

97 When Bee Hah took the stand, the court questioned her on Geok Leng’s
allegations against the Deceased 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See transcripts on 2 September 2021 at p 991

. Bee Hah disagreed pointing out it was the Deceased who suffered and had a
hard life, being widowed, having to clear the Father’s debts and raising a
family of six children (less Ah Hua). Yet, the Deceased managed to improve the
family’s circumstances from living in an attic of a shophouse without a toilet
to moving into a semi-detached house at the PG Property. In any case, when she
worked as a secretary starting in 1976, Bee Hah testified she would prepare
breakfast for the Deceased and her two brothers before she went off to work in
the morning and she would rush home from Jurong to prepare dinner for them in
the evening. For that reason, she never did overtime work 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Ibid p 988 and 991

.

98 Geok Leng not surprisingly aligned herself with the Plaintiff’s version of
how the purchase of the PG Property came about. She also confirmed the
Plaintiff’s reason why the couple did not move to live at the Flat after it
was completed 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See [14] infra

and instead, lived with the Deceased at the PG Property and established that
as the couple’s matrimonial home. In cross-examination 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

At transcripts on 27 August 2021 at p 434

, Geok Leng claimed that the Deceased wanted to stay with the couple because
the Deceased expected her to take care of the Deceased for life.

99 Geok Leng’s negative and unkind comments of how her mother-in-law made her
life a misery were in sharp contrast to the letters she had written to the
Deceased while the latter was visiting Chin Ee in Canada 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

See an example, Geok Leng’s letter dated 5 November 1990 at 1AB4149

two of which 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

At 1AB4149 (dated 5 November 1990) and 1AB4168 (dated 20 June 1992)

were read out in court 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See transcripts on 25 August 2021 at pp 196 and 216

. Confronted with those letters, Geok Leng explained she was made to write
such letters by the Plaintiff to improve her relationship with the Deceased.
It appeared that Geok Leng even helped the Deceased with her tontine
activities in 1992 according to some of Geok Leng’s letters to the Deceased
while the latter was in Canada 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See an example, Geok Leng’s letter dated 20 June 1992 at 1AB4168

.

100 In cross-examination, Ms Hing effectively demolished Geok Leng’s unkind
allegations regarding the Deceased.

101 The court notes that an unkind and mean mother-in-law as Geok Leng
described the Deceased, would not have left her a bequest of $20,000 upon her
demise, let alone given her (in 2011) a 3.5-carat diamond ring for safe-
keeping, to be passed later to Geok Leng eldest son’s wife when the son got
married. When she was cross-examined 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

At transcripts 27 August 2021 at p 431

, Geok Leng denied receiving the 3.5-carat diamond ring. In re-examination 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

At transcripts 27 August 2021 at p 450

, she claimed that the Deceased returned to her a 1.7-carat diamond ring which
the Plaintiff had bought for the Deceased.

102 The court finds it unnecessary to address Wen Jin’s testimony as nothing
turns on it. Her answers in cross-examination were unhelpful and at best non-
committal, to assist her father.

(ii) The defendants’ case

103 Chin Ee testified via video link from Vancouver, Canada. Prior to his
retirement, Chin Ee operated a tyre business in Vancouver called Southern
Enterprises Inc. Chin Ee’s testimony under cross-examination was consistent
with his AEIC. He was steadfast in his responses to questions about the PG
Property. He testified that the PG Property belonged to the Deceased. Hence,
the entire sale proceeds went to her or should have gone to her as neither he
nor the Plaintiff had any beneficial interest in the PG Property. Chin Ee was
equally adamant that the family’s increasing prosperity in the years after
Southern Tyre was started was entirely due to the Deceased’s hard work in the
tyre business as well as her other income-generating activities like tontines
and dividends received from the Father’s investments in Malaysian companies.

104 However, Chin Ee was unaware of the financial aspects of Southern Tyre’s
business which he said was left to the Deceased and or the Plaintiff to
handle. He testified he had no choice but to trust the Plaintiff 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See transcripts on 31 August 2021 at p 705

to take care of family matters after he left for Canada.

105 Chin Ee was repeatedly pressed by counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Yeo, to
show proof that two-thirds of the sale proceeds of the PG Property was paid to
the Deceased and not to him and his brother; he could not. He left for Canada
(on or about 12 December 1988) before the sale of the PG Property was
completed on 29 December 1988 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See [84] supra

. Hence, Chin Ee gave a letter of authority to the Plaintiff to collect on his
behalf the cashier’s order for his share of $162,000 from the sale proceeds.

106 However, notwithstanding his lack of documentary evidence of the
Deceased’s receipt of all the sale proceeds of the PG Property, the court has
no doubt that Chin Ee spoke the truth as his testimony was corroborated by
that of his sisters.

107 Being in Canada since late 1988, Chin Ee was not aware of what transpired
in Singapore between his siblings and the Deceased post-December 1988. What he
knew was hearsay based on what Chin Ee was told save for the family meetings
he attended when he returned to Singapore.

108 The court therefore finds it more helpful to turn to the evidence of Chin
Ee’s sisters, starting with Yew Hong. As the defendants’ version of events
from Yew Hong’s AEIC has been set out earlier, the court turns to the
testimony adduced from her in the course of cross-examination.

109 Yew Hong, as the only sibling with a tertiary education, was a far more
coherent witness than Chin Ee, whose testimony was often disjointed, due to
his poor command of English.

110 Yew Hong disclosed in cross-examination that the Deceased did not believe
in banks and hid cash “here and there” in the PG Property, including putting
cash into a non-working water heater and in the hollow interior of a stool 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See transcripts on 1 September 2021 at p 805

. She said the money came from Southern Tyre which was largely a cash
business.

111 In Yew Hong’s cross-examination, counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Yeo, sought
to show that the household expenses as well as those of the Deceased (and Yew
Hong’s before she married) were funded initially by the Plaintiff and
subsequently from monies in the Brothers’ account. Yew Hong’s response was to
point out that the thousands of bank statements and other documents produced
by the Plaintiff cannot be taken at face value 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Ibid p 821–822

. She explained that sometimes the Plaintiff was giving the Deceased her own
money or paying from her funds, from his bank account. She cited as an example
the dividends the Deceased received from the Malaysian companies listed in
[11] above. Yew Hong also disclosed 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See transcripts on 1 September 2021 at p 850

that the Deceased used to complain to her without fail, whenever the Deceased
handed dividend cheques for Yew Hong to deposit into the Deceased’s POSB
account, that the dividends were “so little”. The Plaintiff would pay the
Deceased from the CKB or other bank accounts, her dividends from Crescent or
Foras. The source of his pay-out would be Crescent or Foras but the money came
from his account. The Plaintiff collected the Deceased’s dividends from the
Malaysian companies, converted the sums into Singapore dollars and then paid
the Deceased from the CKB account he maintained with his wife. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Ibid p 852

112 As far as Yew Hong and her siblings were aware, and because she lived with
the Deceased and the Plaintiff/the Plaintiff’s family until she married in
1995 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See paras 13 and 18 of her AEIC

, the PG Property belonged to the Deceased – it was the Deceased who paid its
purchase price which she could well afford from her various sources of income
referred to earlier at [61] and listed at para 19 of Yew Hong’s AEIC.

113 Mr Yeo pointed out to Yew Hong that just because the Deceased had various
income sources that could have funded her purchase of the PG Property, this
did not mean that she paid for it from those sources. It was the Plaintiff who
paid $500,000 of its purchase price from the UOF loan. Yew Hong disagreed –
she testified that it was out of character for the Deceased to behave as if
she was the owner of the PG Property if she was not its owner.

114 Yew Hong countered that 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See transcripts on 1 September 2021 at p 858

apart from his bank statements which probative value she questioned, the
Plaintiff also did not have evidence to prove that he paid $614,389.85 towards
the PG Property. The fact that the Deceased was not short of funds was also
seen in the fact that the Deceased could have but did not, ask the Plaintiff
and Chin Ee for funds. She would not hesitate to do so if there was a need, as
seen in the fact that the Deceased asked each of them subsequently for $50,000
for the proposed renovation of the PG Property.

115 Mr Yeo pointed out that the shortfall in funds for the purchase of the
Property based on the sale proceeds of the PG Property was $120,000, not
$80,000. Mr Yeo referred to the completion account of the Property dated 3
November 1988 (“the completion account”) from the Deceased’s lawyer Chan Kam
Foo 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

At 1AB174.

. The increase in the shortfall amount from $80,000 to $120,000 was due to the
addition of the Deceased’s share of property tax and legal/stamp fees. It was
noted that the completion account did not include the sale proceeds of
$540,000 of the PG Property but the UOF loan. However, the Plaintiff conceded
that the Deceased paid $120,000 but nothing more. Yew Hong surmised 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

At transcripts on 1 September 2021 at p 876

that one possibility would have been that the Deceased passed the entire sales
proceeds of $540,000 to the Plaintiff and he chose to take the UOF loan or,
she reimbursed him subsequently.

116 Yew Hong pointed out that if indeed the Deceased needed funds to cover any
shortfall in the requisite funds for the purchase of the PG Property, she
could have resorted to selling her equity in the Malaysian companies at [11].
This was proven by the fact that she sold her stakes in Jayawaras in 2009 for
$5,000.00 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See the payment voucher to the Deceased from Jayawaras at 1AB5711

and in Foras in 2001 for $58,691.25 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See the payment voucher to the Deceased from Foras at 1AB5513

. Yew Hong alleged that the Plaintiff’s claims “are completely made up” 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

At transcripts on 1 September 2021 at p 883

; he produced documents selectively which documents she opined lacked
credibility.

117 Yew Hong revealed 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Ibid at pp 915–919

that the Deceased could not make up her mind on how to distribute her assets
despite visiting three law firms in 1997, 2001 and 2005 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See [24] supra

. In each visit, the Deceased would come up with different permutations of the
percentages she wanted to give to a “whole long list of people” 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

At transcripts on 1 September 2021 at p 915 line 13

.

118 When Mr Yeo suggested to Yew Hong that the Deceased’s indecisiveness and
inability to make a will was because the Deceased was in a dilemma being fully
aware that the Property belonged to the Plaintiff, Yew Hong disagreed. She
pointed out that if indeed the Plaintiff owned the Property beneficially, the
Deceased could have simply made a will and bequeathed the Property to him 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

At transcripts on 1 September 2021 at p 915

. Yew Hong disclosed that the Deceased had apparently visited a lawyer on her
own as well after 2005, but again, no will was executed by her after the visit
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Ibid p 922

.

119 Mr Yeo also suggested to Yew Hong 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Ibid p 937–938

that if the Deceased could have a private arrangement with her daughters
(except Ah Hua) to give the three of them all the monies ($289,814.28) in her
joint POSB account opened with Yew Hong and Bee Hah, which arrangement she did
not want the Plaintiff to know, the Deceased could equally have had a private
arrangement with the Plaintiff on the ownership of the Property without the
siblings’ knowledge. Yew Hong disagreed. She pointed out that there was a vast
difference between the two matters – the monies in the POSB account were the
Deceased’s to dispose of as she pleased. However, if the Property was not
hers, the Deceased being an honourable person, would not/could not deal with
it in the manner she intended as recorded in the informal will dated 11
February 2012 at exhibit D4.

120 During cross-examination, Yew Hong was questioned on the following
extracts of the note she made of the siblings’ meeting on 25 March 2015 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

See [29] supra and 2AB144, and see also Yew Hong’s AEIC para 86

(which she wrongly dated 26 March 2015):

Chan Kam Fu [sic] & Assoc lawyer 20+ years ago. People’s Park area > give
house to [the Plaintiff], but under table to sell at 800K.

[The Plaintiff] say no more and even if have, won’t bring out because subject
to dispute in family.

Yew Hong explained 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See transcripts on 2 September 2021 at pp 964–965

that the Plaintiff had raised the subject of some paper that was done at the
law firm of Chan Kam Foo which she was not clear about – it was either a sale
agreement or a private agreement. The Plaintiff then said the Deceased was
supposed to sell the Property to him at $800,000 “under the table” but the
Deceased apparently tore up the agreement or something to that effect. In any
case, the Plaintiff added that he would not bring up the matter anymore as it
was subject to dispute in the family.

121 Mr Yeo suggested to Yew Hong 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Ibid pp 966–967

that it was precisely for the reason that the Plaintiff wanted to preserve the
harmony within the family that he did not then raise the issue of his having
paid for the Property at the request of the Deceased. Yew Hong disagreed and
responded – why did the Plaintiff sue the siblings if indeed he wanted to
preserve harmony within the family?

122 Had the Plaintiff raised at the March 2015 meeting the issue of his having
paid for the Property and that there was a common intention with the Deceased
for him to inherit the Property, Yew Hong said the siblings would have
discussed the issue there and then and made him take on the role of
administrator. Instead, the Plaintiff’s main concern at the meeting was
whether Ah Hua (known as Angie) was entitled to a share, repeatedly saying
that she was not because she had been adopted. The Plaintiff also questioned
whether Siew Eng’s son (the third defendant) and Ee Peng’s daughter (the fifth
defendant) were entitled to any share. He raised the issue of being given a
bigger share. Yet, although he spoke for 80%–90% of the duration at the
meeting, the Plaintiff did not once say he had paid for the Property.

123 The plaintiff had produced WhatsApp exchanges amongst the siblings 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

At exhibit P5

for the period between 1 September 2014 to 5 February 2015 in the midst of Yew
Hong’s cross-examination. However, those were of no assistance to the
Plaintiff’s case.

124 Bee Hah had moved out of the Property in 1984 after her marriage. Before
that, she testified (contrary to Geok Leng’s testimony), that she was the one
who took care of the home before and after her work as a secretary 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

See transcripts on 2 September 2021 at p 991

. In subsequent years, the family hired a maid.

125 As stated earlier at [97], Bee Hah disagreed with the unkind comments made
by Geok Leng at [93]–[95] against the Deceased. Bee Hah acknowledged that the
Deceased (whom Yew Hong said the family jokingly called “the empress dowager”)
was not an easy person to take care of and live with. She was loud and
impatient but, she was their mother and the siblings embraced her for what she
was, with her weaknesses and strengths.

126 Like Yew Hong, Bee Hah disagreed with Mr Yeo’s suggestion (see [119]),
that just as the Deceased had a private arrangement with her three daughters
to give them all the monies in her POSB account, she could have had the same
arrangement with the Plaintiff with regards to the Property 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

See transcripts on 2 September 2021 at p 1026

.

The submissions

(i) The Plaintiff’s submissions

127 In the Plaintiff’s closing submissions (“the PCS”) he pointed out 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

At para 12 of the PCS

that the Malaysian companies in [11] were incorporated after the Father’s
death. Hence, he argued that the defendants had exaggerated the Deceased’s
involvement in the Malaysian logging companies in which the Father invested.
She was only involved in Southern Tyre and even then, only in the finances of
the business and not in its day-to-day operations.

128 The Plaintiff added that the Father’s involvement in the logging business
was only from 1973 until his demise in 1976. He claimed he was the one who
developed and operated the Malaysian logging businesses from 1976 onwards and
under his watch, the business boomed. He submitted 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

At para 15 of the PCS

that the logging business was the other arm of the family business (besides
Southern Tyre) that enabled the family to enjoy the middle to upper middle-
class lifestyle that he deposed to in his AEIC 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

See [10] supra

.

129 The Plaintiff stated that the income received from the Malaysian logging
businesses was initially deposited into the bank account of Southern Tyre and
after 1979, it was deposited into the Brothers’ Account. It was from the
Brothers’ Account 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See [18(a)] supra

that the family’s expenses were paid. Chin Ee left the management of the
Brothers’ Account to the Plaintiff from the time the Brothers’ Account was set
up and throughout the time Chin Ee was in Canada.

130 The Plaintiff submitted 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See para 22 of the PCS

that the addition of his and Chin Ee’s names as partners to the business of
Southern Tyre and as joint owners to the PG Property was “an issue of family
business succession and … the responsibility fell on both [the Plaintiff] and
[Chin Ee] to continue to run the family business and thereby finance the
payment of the [PG property] and to support the entire family, including
[Deceased]”.

131 The Plaintiff described the May 1988 meeting 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See [17]–[18] supra

as a family restructuring. He disagreed with the defendants’ interpretation of
the withdrawal of his and Chin Ee’s names from the PG Property as the
Deceased’s desire to take back the PG Property from them. He submitted that
their interpretation is not supported by the facts. First, the Deceased never
demanded the transfer back to her of the brothers’ legal interest and no such
transfer took place. Second, when the PG Property was sold, the Deceased did
not ask for all the sale proceeds to be paid to her. He argued that all that
the Deceased wanted was to take back control of the PG Property. He added that
the family restructuring was completed when Chin Ee took over the management
of Southern Tyre, the joint tenancy of the PG Property was resolved by its
sale and what the Deceased had was a new residence at the Property – which
payment was settled by the Plaintiff.

132 On his claim that he had contributed 83.7% of the purchase price of the
Property which gave rise to a resulting trust in his favour, the Plaintiff
repeated his assertion that the Deceased did not receive the entire sale
proceeds of the PG Property. She only received $162,000 (as well as the 10%
deposit of $54,000), of which, she lent $136,000 to Goldrich together with the
Plaintiff’s and Chin Ee’s two-thirds share totalling $324,000. In the family
context, the Plaintiff argued that it would not be expected that there would
be a written agreement to record the terms of the common agreement between
himself and his late mother. He submitted 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

At paras 54–55 of the PCS

that it can be inferred from the conduct of the parties and in this case, the
critical period(s) would have been (i) the period after Chin Ee’s announcement
that he would migrate to Canada; (ii) the purchase of the Property and (ii)
the sale of the PG Property. The Plaintiff then repeated para 14 of his SOC
118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See [48]–[49] supra

.

133 The Plaintiff argued 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

At para 62 of the PCS

that just because the Deceased did not inform the siblings of the common
intention, this did not mean there was no such common intention. He argued
that the defendants’ reasoning in this regard is flawed. He cited other
instances where the Plaintiff or his siblings were kept in the dark: (i) the
discussion between the Plaintiff and the Deceased on the funding and ownership
of the Property; (ii) the daughters’ visits with the Deceased to lawyers with
a view to making the Deceased’s will and (iii) the February 2012 meeting where
the Deceased told her three daughters she would give them the monies in her
POSB account.

134 With respect, it is the Plaintiff’s reasoning in [133] which is flawed.
Apart from his bare allegation, the Plaintiff had nothing to substantiate his
example in (i). As for (ii), in her AEIC 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

At paras 59–60 of her AEIC

Yew Hong could identify the dates and the three law firms/lawyers whom the
Deceased consulted. She was even able to produce a cheque stub of the payment
made to the second lawyer the Deceased had consulted 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See her exhibit OYH-15

. As for (iii), Yew Hong had testified that it was made known to the three
sisters by the Deceased that the monies in her POSB account (which passbook
was produced) were to be divided equally between them and this was done on 4
February 2015, a day before her passing 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See transcripts on 1 September 2021 at p 930

. In other words, items (ii) and (iii) had corroborative evidence.

135 The Plaintiff questioned 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

At para 79 of the PCS

exhibit D4 as to the Deceased’s instructions on the Property. He also found it
suspicious that the other siblings knew nothing about the document nor of the
February 2012 meeting. He described exhibit D4 as a “self-serving” document
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See para 80 of the PCS

to which little weight should be given. Most critically, he submitted, the
Deceased’s instructions were not reduced to a will.

136 The Plaintiff pointed out 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

At para 35(i)(iii) of the PCS

that there was no evidence that the Deceased was paid compensation of $100,000
for the acquisition of the Shophouse let alone that she utilised it towards
the purchase price of the Property. It was also the Plaintiff’s evidence that
the compensation sum was only $70,000.

137 The Plaintiff argued that his claim was not barred by laches submitting
126

##### Foot Note 126

×

See paras 95–98 of the PCS

that he was not tardy in pursuing his claim and even if there was a delay, it
did not cause the defendants any prejudice. The Plaintiff further submitted
that he was not barred from relief by acquiescence 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See para 100 of the PCS

– he had asserted his rights when the issue of the ownership of the Property
was called into question and he had raised this issue shortly after the demise
of the Deceased.

138 The Plaintiff also submitted his claim was not barred by waiver 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

See para 101 of the PCS

as his conduct had always been consistent with the position that the Property
was his matrimonial home and he had explored various ways to keep the
Property.

139 These two last submissions completely ignore the evidence that was adduced
in court and which the court will address below.

(ii) The defendants’ submissions

140 The defendants submitted that there was no oral agreement as the Plaintiff
had alleged that culminated in the Plaintiff’s three causes of action in (i) a
common intention constructive trust; (ii) a resulting trust and/or (iii) a
proprietary estoppel.

141 The defendants pointed out that the alleged oral agreement hinged on two
key planks presented by the Plaintiff namely: (a) at the time of the purchase
of the Property in August 1988, the Deceased no longer had significant income
and (b) thus the Deceased had to rely on the Plaintiff as the sole breadwinner
in the family to pay for the Property. The defendants submitted that neither
of these planks is borne out by the evidence.

142 In the defendants’ closing submissions (“DCS”) 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

At paras 20–22

, they listed the Deceased’s numerous sources of income that could have paid
the full purchase price of $620,000. These included (i) her past dividends
and/or sale of some $164,000 worth of shares: (ii) annual directors’ fees of
about $30,000; (iii) monthly rental of $2,000 for the Shophouse from Southern
Tyre; (iv) the sale proceeds of the PG Property amounting to $540,000; (v) her
savings over 30 years which included $60,000 in her joint POSB account with
Yew Hong 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See 1AB6419

; (vi) $136,000 lent to Goldrich 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See receipt in exhibit P1

as well as (vii) a share of RM1.6m from the sale of a parcel of land in
Malaysia in or about 1996 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See 1AB4177

.

143 Regarding the UOF loan, the defendants pointed 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See paras 46–60 of the DCS

out that it was orchestrated by the Plaintiff for his own convenience and
benefit. They questioned the necessity for the Deceased (then nearing 60 years
of age in 1988) to take a 15 years’ loan for some 81% of the purchase price of
the Property. She was not even aware of the terms of the loan, not being
literate in English. As far as the Deceased was concerned, she was going to
receive the sale proceeds of the PG Property and left it to the Plaintiff to
see to the necessary arrangements.

144 The defendants submitted that exhibit D4 revealed the Deceased’s state of
mind and intention in 2021:

(a) far from having agreed with the Plaintiff that the Property would be his
matrimonial property to the exclusion of her other children, the Deceased
wanted the Property to be sold soonest possible after her demise;

(b) she treated her two sons equally with each to receive $500,000 of the sale
proceeds of the Property, assuming the sale price was $2.5m;

(c) her three daughters would not be treated equally – as Ee Peng married
well, she would receive a lower sum than Yew Hong and Bee Hah;

(d) her two daughters-in-law were treated equally and given $20,000 each.

The issues

145 The court has to determine:

(a) Was there a common intention between the Deceased and the Plaintiff that
he would be the beneficial owner of the Property although the Deceased was the
legal owner. Did a constructive or resulting trust arise if there was such a
common intention? Is the remedy of proprietary estoppel available to the
Plaintiff?

(b) If indeed there was a common intention, is the Plaintiff barred from any
relief by laches, due to his prolonged, inordinate and/or inexcusable delay in
bringing this Suit?

(c) In the alternative, did the Plaintiff waive his rights by his conduct?

The findings

146 It bears remembering that the burden is on the Plaintiff to prove his
claim on a balance of probabilities, it is not for the defendants to disprove
his case. The defendants only have to rebut his claim, also on a balance of
probabilities. The gravamen of the defendants’ case is that, contrary to the
Plaintiff’s pleaded case, the Deceased had sufficient funds from the sale of
the PG Property to pay for the Property save for a shortfall of $80,000 which
she could have easily covered from her other sources of income.

147 The court will first give a broad overview of the evidence before
addressing the issues in [145] and making its findings. Due to his
prevarication and predilection not to give straight “Yes” or “No” answers in
cross-examination, the Plaintiff spent 4 of the 8 days’ trial in the witness
box. He was neither truthful nor forthright and the court was not impressed
with his testimony.

148 To elaborate, the court sets out below the many instances where the
Plaintiff was found to have no compunctions about lying in his AEIC or on the
witness stand.

149 To quote counsel for the defendants 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See transcripts on 25 August 2021 at p 164 lines 1–3

, the Plaintiff dishonoured his mother and everything she had done for the
family by the many unfounded allegations he put in his AEIC and in his claim.
As Ms Hing rightfully put it, the Plaintiff’s case was full of inconsistencies
and contradictions 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Ibid at p 208

.

150 Despite the clear documentary evidence before the court (including his own
WhatsApp message referred to earlier at [37] conveying his daughter’s offer to
purchase the Property, the Plaintiff had the gall to testify 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Ibid at p 187

that his siblings forcibly sold the Property.

151 The Plaintiff portrayed himself as a filial son of the Deceased – nothing
could be further from the truth. Contrary to his claim that he was the only
child the Deceased could rely on, exhibit D4 recorded the Deceased’s feelings
of how poorly the Plaintiff treated the Deceased who cited an instance where
the Plaintiff would not even fetch her home when she went out. The defendants
also relied on Chin Ee’s AEIC where he deposed 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

At paras 91–92

that the Deceased complained to him that the Plaintiff and his children were
rude to, ignored and neglected her and the Plaintiff had said more than once
(to the Deceased and also to Chin Ee), that he wanted to move out of the
Property.

152 The Deceased was very hurt by the Plaintiff’s threats to move out of the
Property and leave her alone. In contrast, exhibit D4 also recorded that the
Deceased stated Chin Ee had assured her if the Plaintiff did not want her,
Chin Ee would take full responsibility for her and apply for her to go to
Canada.

153 The Plaintiff waited until his mother passed away before launching a
dishonest and unmeritorious claim against the Estate, requiring his siblings
to defend their late mother from being wrongly maligned not only by him but
also by his equally ungrateful wife. The couple’s conduct was disgraceful, to
say the least.

154 Contrary to his pleaded case 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

At para 59 of his reply

that he wanted to honour his mother’s wishes and common intention by having
his daughter/son-in-law buy the Property, the Plaintiff’s action was
inconsistent with such common intention. He was untruthful when he testified
that he proposed the “buy-out” to keep the Property within the family. His
only interest as Ms Hing put to him 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

At transcripts on 26 August 2021 at p 330

, was the cash he could get out of the Property, to the extent he was prepared
to throw out the family’s ancestral tablets. He was hypocritical to say the
least – saying one thing and acting to the contrary.

155 The defendants had relied on a letter the Plaintiff wrote to Chin Ee on 11
September 1990 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

At 1AB4143

where he said “Mother has yet to decide whether or not to sell the
semidetached house”. The Plaintiff’s nonsensical explanation of his letter 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

At transcripts on 26 August 2021 at pp 246–247

that he was “trying to say it is mother who would express her wish whether she
wanted to carry on staying or not in the house” (due to incidents of burglary
in the neighbourhood) and it was not an acknowledgment the Deceased was the
owner is yet an instance of the many lies he told on the witness stand.

156 The Plaintiff was greedy and calculating. As Ms Hing pointed out to him
during cross-examination, he even produced a bill dated 4 January 1989 for a
gas lighter for the sum of $8.50 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

At p 148 of exhibit OCW-11

and another bill dated 10 January 1989 for a cutter for $6 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

At p 142 of exhibit OCW-11

. The Plaintiff had meticulously kept these bills that went back 32 years ago
(as at the date of trial) and yet, he could not/did not produce UOF’s first
letter claiming he could not find it when cross-examined 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See transcripts on 24 August 2021 at p 105

. In re-examination 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

See transcripts on 27 August 2021 at p 397

, the Plaintiff sought to explain that the only difference between UOF’s two
letters of offer was a change in the tenure of the loan from 25–30 years in
UOF’s first letter to 15 years in UOF’s letter of offer. The court is
sceptical of his explanation in the light of the many instances where the
Plaintiff was found to be untruthful.

157 The Plaintiff’s greed knew no bounds. He attempted to obtain a commission
of $60,000 from the Estate for arranging for his own daughter to buy the
Property and even demanded that the Estate pay her rent under the lease-back
arrangement. He further attempted to force the administratrices to pay the
$100,000 claim notwithstanding there was no such provision under intestacy
law.

158 The Plaintiff not only maligned his late mother but was ungrateful towards
his siblings. Yew Hong had emailed her siblings on 28 June 2017 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

At 1AB4266

to inform them that the Property had been valued at $3.13m by Bernard Valuers
& Real Estate Consultants. There was also an offer from a prospective
purchaser dated 22 May 2017 of $2.95m which accepted the lease-back condition
147

##### Foot Note 147

×

See [35] supra

. Because of the Plaintiff’s claim that he wanted to keep the Property within
the family, the defendant agreed to their detriment, to sell it to the
Plaintiff’s daughter at below market price ($2.76m). As it turned out, it was
the Plaintiff’s son-in-law Low Chig Wee and not his daughter who bought the
Property. This was a further concession made by the defendants. Instead of
being grateful, the Plaintiff turned around and sued the siblings. His conduct
was deplorable.

159 Even more egregious was the Plaintiff’s conduct in relation to the
Deceased’s hospital bills that he had purportedly incurred. He submitted to
the administratrices claims totalling $298,000 without taking into account
Chin Ee’s payment to him in February 2015 of $150,000 as Chin Ee’s 50%
contribution towards the expenses of the Deceased. He also failed to disclose
to the siblings that he had made arrangements with TTSH to pay the outstanding
medical bills by instalments. He further submitted an inflated claim of
$149,000 without disclosing the fact that TTSH’s bill of $149,052.57 dated 15
February 2015 was subsequently discounted and reduced to $101,269.66 on 10 May
2015 in TTSH’s final invoice.

160 Confronted with the above information (which was set out in the Estate’s
solicitors’ letter dated 4 June 2018 to his lawyers 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

At 1AB4345

) the Plaintiff claimed he was not aware of and did not receive, the reduced
bill until he and his wife visited TTSH “to beg” 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

See transcripts on 27 August 2021 at p 385

saying they had no money to pay – it was only then that TTSH reduced the bill.
The Plaintiff added he had been paying TTSH monthly instalments of $1,200
(since 30 June 2015 in accordance with TTSH’s letter dated 20 May 2015 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

At 1AB5777.

). The Plaintiff was plainly dishonest in this regard as Ms Hing put to him
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

See transcripts on 27 August 2021 at p 389 line 4

.

161 The Plaintiff had also included in his voluminous bundles of bills and
receipts 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

At exhibit OCW-1

copies of Singtel’s going back to the years 1992–2005 for broadband charges.
These were most likely incurred by his children (the oldest of whom was 16 in
2005) and yet he claimed the charges as part of household expenses which were
subsidised 50% by Chin Ee.

162 The Plaintiff’s greed was not matched by any generosity on his part
towards the siblings. Correspondence from his sisters to Chin Ee read in court
revealed the Plaintiff to be mean spirited – he would not even contribute 50%
(although Chin Ee did) towards the cost of Yew Hong’s airfare to Canada to
bring the Deceased back to Singapore 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

See translation of Siew Eng’s letter to Chin Ee dated 14 August 1992 at
1AB4172

for the reason that she had graduated from university even though she had not
started working yet.

163 His meanness was also reflected in a letter from Siew Eng to Chin Ee dated
4 February 1991 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

English translation at 1AB4157

where she recorded that the Plaintiff was angry that the sisters withdrew
$1,500 from the Sisters’ account for food expenses 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

See transcripts on 26 August 2201 at pp 273–274

without informing him. Indeed, he demanded that the sum be refunded.

164 The Plaintiff’s AEIC gave the false impression that he was making a huge
sacrifice by not moving into the Flat. It was to his benefit not to do so. He
collected rent while staying with the Deceased for 27 years at the Property
and his family’s expenses (six persons excluding the maid) incurred at the
Property were subsidised 50% by Chin Ee. Pressed by the court 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

At transcripts on 26 August 2021 at p 266

, he admitted he received a further windfall as the Elmira Heights condominium
was the subject of an en-bloc sale in 2007.

(i) Was there a common intention between the Deceased and the Plaintiff that
he would own the Property even though the Deceased was the legal owner?

165 Apart from his say-so and his reliance on the appellate court’s decision
in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”), the
Plaintiff did not produce one iota of evidence in support of this claim. If
indeed as the Plaintiff submitted 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

At para 66 of the PCS

, there was such an alleged common intention and it was the Deceased who
requested that the Property be registered in her name even though the UOF loan
was serviced by the Plaintiff, it is strange that neither the Deceased nor the
Plaintiff raised this even once in the many family meetings that took place
before the Deceased’s passing. Family meetings which the Plaintiff attended
took place on (i) 15 February 2015 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

See [28] supra

; (ii) 25 March 2015 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

See [29] supra

; (iii) 20 May 2015 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

See [30] supra

; (iv) 4 August 2016 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

See [32] supra

and (v) 18 January 2017 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

See [33] supra

. At none of these meetings did the Plaintiff raise the subject of a common
intention he had with the Deceased. Moreover, at the 11 February 2012 meeting
163

##### Foot Note 163

×

See [26] supra

at Bee Hah’s house, the Deceased did not once mention that the Property was
supposed to go back to the Plaintiff. That would be unlike the Deceased whom
Yew Hong repeatedly said (and Chin Ee confirmed) was an honourable person, if
indeed the Deceased had such a common intention with the Plaintiff. The
Deceased was a person who would insist on repaying Chin Ee the $58,000 that
she owed him 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

See transcripts on 31 August 2021 at p 756

.

166 The thousands of bills/invoices that the Plaintiff included in his AEIC
and in the agreed bundles did not help his case. How would the outgoings he
paid (if indeed he paid them as most bills were in the name of the Deceased
and his bank statements were heavily redacted) help to prove a common
intention existed between himself and the Deceased?

167 The court turns now to exhibit D4. Whilst the court cannot deem it an
informal will as Ms Hing described it, the court accepts that the document did
reflect the Deceased’s wishes of how she wanted the Property to be dealt with
after her demise. The court also accepts that the document was an accurate
record taken down by Yew Hong and Bee Hah of their late mother’s wishes. Both
sisters came across as truthful witnesses. Indeed, it was amazing how detailed
and meticulous the Deceased was in her instructions in exhibit D4 to the
extent that she even made a provision of $20,000 to a charity for the
handicapped and bequeathed $10,000 to each of her grandchildren and other
beneficiaries.

168 The Plaintiff’s conduct over the years both before and after the demise of
the Deceased was inconsistent with the existence of a common intention he
shared with the Deceased. This can be seen below.

169 The $100,000 claim the Plaintiff made on behalf of his eldest son from the
sale proceeds of the Property 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

At transcripts on 26 August 2021 at p 318

(as stated in his handwritten note dated 19 September 2017 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

At 1AB4301

to the Estate 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

See [42] supra

) not only reflected his greed but was inconsistent with his claim to be the
beneficial owner of the Property. In essence, he was making a claim on
himself.

170 Another instance of the Plaintiff’s conduct being inconsistent with the
alleged common intention would be the Plaintiff telling the siblings at the
March 2015 meeting 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

See [29] supra and Yew Hong’s note at 2AB144

that the Deceased at one time intended to sell the Property to him for
$800,000 which money would be paid to them “under the table” – although the
Property would be formally transferred to him as a gift. Further, he would
also not have suggested paying $200,000 to each of the siblings (save for Chin
Ee) to buy over the Property 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

See [32] supra

on 4 August 2016.

171 A further instance would be his agreeing with the siblings to sell the
Property and requesting that the Property be sold to his own daughter. The
court need only refer to the many other instances cited by the defendants in
para 23 of their defence and reproduced at [67] above as cogent evidence that
the Plaintiff’s own conduct was inconsistent with the existence of such a
common intention.

172 At this juncture, it would be appropriate for the court to turn to the
case relied on by the Plaintiff, that of Chan Yuen Lan. In that case, the
Court of Appeal varied the orders made by the trial judge (see See Fong Mun v
Chan Yuen Lan [2013] 3 SLR 685). A property purchased for $1.83m was
registered in the name of the defendant/appellant-wife but save for a
contribution of $290,000 from her, the purchase price was funded by the
plaintiff/respondent-husband. The appellate court held that the wife held
84.17% of the beneficial interest in the property on a resulting trust for the
husband.

173 Chan Yuen Lan does not assist the Plaintiff at all. In that case, there
was cogent evidence of the parties’ respective contributions towards the
purchase price of the property. In this case, it was in evidence that the
Deceased did not need the UOF loan of $500,000 which the Plaintiff had
admitted was taken out for his sole benefit 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

See [85] supra

. Given his own admission and the court’s observations in [86]–[87] above,
there was no evidence of the Plaintiff’s contributions towards the purchase
price of the Property.

174 More in point would be Geok Hong Co Pte Ltd v Koh Ai Gek and others [2019]
1 SLR 908 (“Geok Hong”) a case cited by the defendants. There, the family of
the deceased son (“TTL”) of the late founder (“TGC”) of the defendant company
(a family business), instituted proceedings seeking a declaration that the
property which had been the home of TTL’s family but purchased in the name of
the company in 1977 was vested in equity in the estate of TTL.

175 The judge relied on a statutory declaration (“SD”) made by TTL days before
his demise where TTL outlined his version of events (disputed by the
defendant) concerning ownership of the property. TTL’s SD alleged that when he
was given an option to purchase the property, TGC had told TTL that he would
buy the property for TTL since TTL would be staying behind to handle the
family business while his siblings were studying abroad. The property would be
registered in the name of the company so that TTL’s wife would not be able to
get a share in the event of a divorce (“the oral representation”). TGC passed
away in 1990. In 2012, TTL contracted liver cancer and made a will on 10
October 2012 bequeathing the property absolutely to his wife. The respondents
alleged that 20 days later on 30 October 2012, TTL became agitated after a
visit by some of his siblings – he told his children that his siblings had
refused to return the property to him. TTL made the SD that same evening. None
of his children witnessed the altercation between TTL and his siblings.

176 The company denied that the oral representation was ever made. The
plaintiffs’ claim was based on a common intention constructive trust and in
the alternative, proprietary estoppel that had arisen from the oral
representation. The court below allowed the respondents’ claim based on a
common intention constructive trust.

177 The appellate court reversed the decision of the court below and held that
there was no resulting trust in favour of the estate of TTL. In allowing the
company’s appeal, the Court of Appeal’s following holdings are particularly
applicable to this case:

(a) the veracity of the oral representation could not be tested given the lack
of documentary evidence and the fact that the only two persons who could
provide evidence on the circumstances of the oral representation were no
longer available for cross-examination. Given that the oral representation
could not be established, there was nothing to rebut the presumption that the
company as the legal owner was also the beneficial owner of the property (at
[67]);

(b) it was troubling that TTL, throughout his lifetime, had never informed his
siblings about the oral representation or his alleged beneficial interest in
the property. The only person who could have validated the oral representation
was TGC, yet TTL did not take any steps to realise his interest while TGC was
alive (at [69]–[71]);

(c) In any event, the doctrine of laches would have barred the respondents’
claim. The difficulties with the fact and contents of the oral representation
could not be clarified through cross-examination, given that information
relating to the oral representation resided only in TTL and TGC. TTL had not
taken steps to realise his interest while he was alive, but chose to assert
his interest by way of the SD when he was suffering from terminal liver
cancer. TTL had no reasonable explanation for his inordinate delay of almost
40 years before asserting his claim which was extremely prejudicial to the
company (at [98] and [101]).

178 The holdings of the appellate court in Geok Hong, summarised in [177],
would be pertinent to this Suit. The only person who could confirm or rebut
the Plaintiff’s allegation of oral representations that the Deceased allegedly
made to him as set out earlier at [53] would be the Deceased herself. The
Plaintiff took no steps while the Deceased was still alive to realise his
claim to be the beneficial owner of the Property.

179 The Plaintiff’s claim based on a resulting trust 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

See para 21 of the SOC

due to his servicing of the UOF loan cannot succeed either. As submitted by
the defendants 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

See paras 140–144 of the DCS

, the timing of such a trust is critical – an interest under a resulting trust
must crystallise at the time of purchase (see Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya
Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 at [92]). There, the Court of Appeal
said that actual repayments that are not referable to the parties’ agreement
as to how they intend to service the mortgage should not be taken into account
for determining the ownership interest on a resulting trust analysis.

180 It is noted that the UOF loan was offered on 5 October 1988 after the
Property had been purchased on 29 August 1988 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

See [84] supra

. The Plaintiff had also admitted that he took the UOF loan for his own
benefit 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

See [85] supra

as seen at [85] earlier. Moreover, it was undisputed that the Deceased knew
nothing of the UOF loan 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

See [139] supra

.

181 An essential element of a claim based on proprietary estoppel is that
there must be detriment which is substantial (see Gillett v Holt [2000] 3 WLR
815 which was endorsed in Neo Hui Ling v Ang Ah Sew [2012] 2 SLR 831).

182 For the plaintiff’s claim based on proprietary estoppel 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

See para 23 of the SOC and [53] supra

, the law requires him to prove with objective evidence (i) the contents of
the representations the Deceased allegedly made to him; (ii) that the Deceased
encouraged the Plaintiff to be responsible for the repayment of the UOF loan
and interest on the understanding he would be the owner of the Property and
(iii) he suffered detriment as a result. The Plaintiff produced no proof to
substantiate (i), (ii) or (iii). Indeed, not only did the Plaintiff not suffer
any detriment but he and his family had in fact benefited as they lived rent-
free for 27 years in the Property 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

See [164] supra

while collecting rental from the Flat.

183 The court finds that the Plaintiff failed to establish there was a common
intention or a resulting trust or that there was proprietary estoppel.

(ii) If indeed there was a common intention as he alleged, is the Plaintiff’s
claim as the defendants alleged, barred from any relief by laches, due to his
prolonged, inordinate and/or inexcusable delay in bringing this Suit?

184 Assuming arguendo that the court’s earlier findings are wrong and there
was indeed a common intention shared by the Plaintiff with the Deceased that
he would own the Property, is the Plaintiff’s claim barred by laches? On the
evidence, it is the court’s finding that his claim is so barred. This can be
seen from the following milestones:

(a) date of purchase of the Property – 29 August 1988 with completion on 29
November 1988;

(b) date of the Deceased’s passing – 5 February 2015 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

See [27] supra

;

(c) dates when the Plaintiff through his solicitors first raised the issue
that the Estate was not entitled to 100% of the sale proceeds of the Property
– 19 and 26 January 2018 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

See 1AB4337 and 1AB4338

.

The interval between (a) and (b) is 27 years and between (a) and (c) is 30
years. Yet, apart from his bald assertion 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

See [137] supra

that he had not been tardy in making his claim, the Plaintiff produced no
evidence to rebut the lengthy delay in his making this claim. In this regard,
the appellate court’s comments from Geok Hong set out earlier at [177(c)]
would equally apply to the Plaintiff.

185 The Plaintiff’s submission that even if there was delay, it did not cause
the defendants any prejudice is incorrect. Had they known of his claim earlier
during the lifetime of the Deceased, the Deceased would have had an
opportunity to answer the Plaintiff’s claim. As the defendants pointed out, if
the Plaintiff had raised his claim before Ee Peng’s demise on 7 May 2017 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

See [30] supra

, they would have had the benefit of her knowledge of events that transpired.
Indeed, had the defendants known of the Plaintiff’s claim before they sold the
Property to the Plaintiff’s son-in-law at a discount to the market price, they
may not have sold the Property at all let alone to the former.

(iii) In the alternative, did the Plaintiff waive his rights by his conduct?

186 Assuming further that the Plaintiff did have a common intention with the
Deceased and his claim is not barred by laches, did the Plaintiff waive his
rights by conduct? It is the court’s finding that the Plaintiff’s conduct
throughout the years before and after the demise of the Deceased showed he had
waived such rights. If he had not waived his rights he had at the very least,
acquiesced in the conduct of the Deceased and/or the defendants which were
against his rights.

Conclusion

187 In the light of the evidence set out earlier and the conclusions drawn
therefrom, the court finds that the Plaintiff has failed to prove any of the
causes of action he had pleaded. Consequently, the court dismisses the
Plaintiff’s claim against all the defendants including the administratrices,
with costs on a standard basis – such costs to be taxed unless otherwise
agreed. In this regard. there will be two sets of costs, one set for the
defendants who are beneficiaries and another set of costs (in a lesser sum)
for Yew Hong and Bee Hah in their capacity as administratrices of the Estate.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Yeo Choon Hsien Leslie and Jolene Tan (Sterling Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;  
Hing Shan Shan Blossom, Chin Tian Hui Joshua and Claire Neoh Kai Xin (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 May 2022 (14:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

