Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 300

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9093 of 2021/01

Between

| Ewe Pang Kooi  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing —Sections 307(1) and 322(1)
Criminal Procedure Code]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Date of commencement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ewe Pang Kooi

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 300

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9093 of 2021/01  
Vincent Hoong J  
14 April 2022

2 December 2022 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against sentence by the appellant in respect of a second
set of criminal proceedings in the District Court concerning 643 charges which
had been stood down pending the determination of the first set of criminal
proceedings commenced in the High Court.

2 In 2018, the appellant was tried in the High Court on 50 charges of criminal
breach of trust as an agent. Of these, 22 charges were under s 409 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) and 28 charges were under s
409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (collectively, “the CBT
Offences”). The appellant’s remaining 643 charges (“the Remaining Charges”)
were stood down. At the end of the trial, he was convicted and sentenced to an
aggregate sentence of 25 years and ten months’ imprisonment, with the
sentences for three of the CBT Offences ordered to run consecutively: see
Public Prosecutor v Ewe Pang Kooi [2019] SGHC 166 at [40] (“the High Court
sentence”). The High Court sentence was upheld by the Court of Appeal in Ewe
Pang Kooi v Public Prosecutor [2020] 1 SLR 757 (“Ewe Pang Kooi (CA)”).

3 Subsequently, the Prosecution proceeded with the Remaining Charges in the
District Court. In the District Court, the appellant pleaded guilty to three
charges, which are the subject of this appeal:

(a) one charge of forgery of a document punishable under s 465 of the Penal
Code (“the Forgery Offence”);

(b) one charge of making a false statement in a statutory declaration
punishable under s 14(1)(a)(ii) of the Oaths and Declarations Act (Cap 211,
2001 Rev Ed) (“ODA”) (“the ODA Offence”); and

(c) one charge of transferring benefits of criminal conduct under s 47(1)(b)
of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”) punishable under s 47(6)(a) of
the CDSA (“the CDSA Offence”).

He also consented to the remaining 640 charges being taken into consideration
for the purpose of sentencing. These 640 charges comprised: (a) two charges
under s 417 of the Penal Code; (b) 182 charges under s 465 of the Penal Code;
(c) 235 charges under s 14(1)(a)(ii) of the ODA; (d) 177 charges under s
47(1)(b) punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA; and (e) 44 charges under s
47(1)(c) punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA. The district judge (“DJ”)
duly convicted the appellant and imposed a global sentence of four months and
25 days’ imprisonment and a fine of $1,000 (in default, five days’
imprisonment). He ordered the imprisonment sentence to commence after the
expiry of the appellant’s present High Court sentence. The DJ’s grounds of
decision may be found in Public Prosecutor v Ewe Pang Kooi [2021] SGDC 291
(“GD”).

The facts

4 The appellant was a Certified Public Accountant and an approved liquidator.
He was the managing partner of Ewe Loke & Partners (“ELP”), a certified public
accounting firm. He was also a director of E & M Management Consultants Pte
Ltd (“E & M Management Consultants”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) at p 41 (SOF at para 2).

5 Between February 2002 and July 2012, the appellant misappropriated a total
of S$40,623,313.61 and US$147,000 from companies in which he was appointed
liquidator or receiver, or to which he provided outsourced accounting
services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA at p 43 (SOF at para 12).

6 The ODA, Forgery and CDSA Offences were representative of three broad
categories of wrongdoing the appellant engaged in. The ODA charges arose out
of the appellant’s efforts to conceal his misappropriation of funds from the
companies he was liquidating. In this regard, he would submit statutory
declarations to the Official Receiver which contained false statements
concerning the use and disposition of the assets of these companies. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Respondent’s submissions (“RS”) at para 14; ROA at p 46 (SOF at para 28).

The forgery charges similarly arose out of the appellant’s efforts to conceal
his acts of misappropriation by forging a number of documents, including bank
statements. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RS at paras 4(b) and 17.

The CDSA charges concerned the appellant’s use of the misappropriated funds
for gambling, repayment of personal debts and reinstatement of the amounts he
had previously misappropriated from other companies. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RS at para 18.

I now briefly summarise the facts pertaining to the proceeded ODA, Forgery and
CDSA Offences.

The ODA Offence

7 On 30 September 2009, Hewlett-Packard appointed the appellant as a
liquidator to manage the members’ voluntary liquidation of its subsidiary,
Compaq Asia Pte Ltd (“Compaq Asia”). The appellant opened a bank account for
Compaq Asia with Maybank and was the sole signatory of the account. Compaq
Asia’s assets were moved into this account. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA at p 45 (SOF at paras 20–21).

8 Between 5 November 2009 and 18 March 2011, the appellant issued cheques from
this account, amounting to $2,035,040, which were made payable to E & M
Management Consultants’ Standard Chartered Bank account, or in cash. None of
the funds was used for any expenses relating to Compaq Asia. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA at p 45 (SOF at paras 22–23).

9 As a liquidator, the appellant was obliged to submit a “Form 75” to the
Official Receiver and the Registrar of Companies every six months. On the last
page of the form, the liquidator has to make a statutory declaration verifying
that its contents are a full and true account. The liquidator also has to
declare that he has not received or paid out any moneys apart from what is
specified in the form. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA at p 45 (SOF at para 24).

10 In order to conceal his acts of misappropriation, the appellant made a
false statutory declaration before a Commissioner for Oaths on 15 June 2012,
in respect of Compaq Asia. In this declaration, the appellant falsely stated
that:

(a) the account of receipts and payments in the Form 75 contained a full and
true account of his receipts and payments in the winding-up of Compaq Asia and
he had not during that period received or paid any moneys on account of the
company; and

(b) the particulars contained in the statement of the position in the winding-
up were true to the best of his knowledge and belief.

These statements were false as the account of receipts and payments did not
reflect the moneys he had misappropriated from the account of Compaq Asia, or
that the said misappropriated moneys had in fact been paid to E & M Management
Consultants, or in cash to the appellant. The statement of the position in the
winding-up was also inaccurate as it did not reflect these discrepancies in
the accounts. The appellant knew that these declarations were false. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA at pp 45–46 (SOF at paras 25–28).

11 By his aforementioned actions, the appellant committed an offence
punishable under s 14(1)(a)(ii) of the ODA.

The Forgery Offence

12 In 2007, Technology Partners International Inc, Singapore Branch (“TPI”)
engaged E & M Management Consultants to manage its accounting needs in
Singapore as well as its Singapore bank account. For this purpose, the
appellant was appointed as TPI’s external accountant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA at pp 46–47 (SOF at para 30).

There were four signatories of TPI’s bank account: (a) two officers from TPI,
Gerald Clark and Arno Franz; (b) the appellant; and (c) a member of E & M
Management Consultants, Mitsuru Morii (“Morii”). To make any withdrawal from
TPI’s bank account, approval from Gerald Clark was required. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA at p 47 (SOF at para 31).

13 As two signatories were required for cheque withdrawals or fund transfers
from the bank account, the appellant asked Morii to pre-sign blank cheques and
transfer request forms. Morii did so although he was not handling the work for
TPI, as he trusted the appellant. Using the pre-signed cheques, the appellant
either issued cash cheques from TPI’s bank account or cheques to a bank
account of ELP or E & M Management Consultants that was controlled by him.
There were a total of 129 transactions involving TPI’s account, and the
appellant did not seek approval from TPI for these withdrawals. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA at p 47 (SOF at paras 32–33).

14 Between 30 May 2011 and 17 May 2012, the appellant misappropriated a total
of $1,860,000 from TPI’s bank account. Between 2 June 2012 and 20 July 2012,
the appellant further misappropriated a total of $510,000 from TPI’s bank
account. These being the subject of two of the CBT Offences. Sometime in July
2012, he forged a Standard Chartered Bank SGD Business$aver bank account
statement, for the period of 1 June 2012 to 30 June 2012, in the name of TPI,
in relation to TPI’s bank account, to reflect a balance of $248,252.28, when
in fact this was not true. The appellant intended for TPI’s staff to believe
that this forged account statement had been issued by Standard Chartered Bank,
so as to cover up his misappropriation of funds by showing a balance as though
no wrongdoing had taken place. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA at pp 47–48 (SOF at paras 35–38).

15 By his aforementioned actions, the appellant committed an offence
punishable under s 465 of the Penal Code.

The CDSA Offence

16 On 19 May 2010, the appellant dishonestly misappropriated $700,000 from
TPI, by transferring the sum into E & M Management Consultants’ bank account,
which is an offence under s 409 of the Penal Code (this being the subject of
one of the CBT Offences). Out of this sum, the appellant transferred $500,000
to one Tan Kim Sing (“Tan”), a gambling junket operator, by way of a cashier’s
order from E & M Management Consultants’ bank account, for the purpose of
repaying a loan. This loan arose due to credit extended by Tan to the
appellant during gambling trips. By his conduct, the appellant thus committed
an offence under s 47(1)(b) punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA at p 48 (SOF at paras 40–42).

The decision below

17 As stated above at [3], the appellant pleaded guilty to the ODA, Forgery
and CDSA Offences, and consequently, the DJ convicted him and sentenced him to
an aggregate sentence of four months and 25 days’ imprisonment and a fine of
$1,000, with five days’ imprisonment in default, with the following breakdown:

(a) for the Forgery Offence: four months’ imprisonment;

(b) for the ODA Offence: 25 days’ imprisonment and a fine of $1,000 (in
default, five days’ imprisonment); and

(c) for the CDSA Offence: four months’ imprisonment.

The sentences for the Forgery and ODA Offences were ordered to run
consecutively while the sentence for the CDSA Offence was ordered to run
concurrently.

18 The DJ further ordered that the aggregate imprisonment sentence of four
months and 25 days (“the District Court imprisonment sentence”) was to
commence only upon the expiry of the appellant’s High Court sentence (see [2]
above). It is against this part of the DJ’s order that the appellant has
brought this appeal.

The parties’ cases

The appellant’s submissions

19 At the outset, it bears noting that the appellant does not take issue with
the individual sentences imposed by the DJ for the Forgery, ODA and CDSA
Offences. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s submissions (“AS”) at para 2.

Neither does he challenge the DJ’s decision to run the sentences for the
Forgery and ODA Offences consecutively and the sentence for the CDSA Offence
concurrently, to arrive at an aggregate sentence of four months and 25 days’
imprisonment and a fine of $1,000 (in default, five days’ imprisonment). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AS at para 3.

20 The appellant’s sole point of contention in this appeal is that the DJ
erred in ordering the District Court imprisonment sentence to commence upon
the expiry of the High Court sentence that he is presently serving. Instead,
according to the appellant, the District Court imprisonment sentence should be
ordered to commence on the date the appellant was sentenced by the DJ. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AS at para 4.

In this regard, the appellant advances three main submissions.

21 First, applying the one-transaction rule in Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v
Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”), the Forgery and ODA Offences
were part of the same transaction as they were committed in order to cover-up
the acts of misappropriation which formed the basis of the CBT Offences and
are in that sense “ancillary” to the CBT Offences. The DJ had thus erred by
sentencing the appellant as though the Forgery and ODA Offences were entirely
separate and distinct from the CBT Offences. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AS at paras 51–52.

22 Second, the DJ failed to consider or give effect to Chan Seng Onn J’s (as
he then was) reasoning in the High Court proceedings concerning the CBT
Offences that an imprisonment sentence of more than 25 years and ten months
would effectively result in imposing a life sentence on the appellant, and
would be in contravention of the totality principle. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AS at paras 53–57.

23 Third, this was not an exceptional case which justified two additional
sentences being ordered to run consecutively as that would effectively result
in the appellant having to serve five consecutive sentences. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AS at para 58.

24 Further, the appellant argues that the Prosecution’s administrative
decision to stand down charges, proceed with them subsequently in another
court and seek the sentences of the stood down charges to commence upon the
expiry of the existing aggregate sentence could potentially produce perverse
results by operation of s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012
Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The appellant illustrates this with the following example. If
an accused person faces six charges, a court in sentencing the accused for all
six charges at the same time may form the view that only two, or exceptionally
three, sentences ought to run consecutively to one another. However, the
Prosecution could choose to first stand down three charges and proceed on the
other three, of which two sentences would have to run consecutively, applying
s 307(1) of the CPC. It could then subsequently proceed with the remaining
three, of which two sentences would also have to run consecutively, and ask
for all four sentences to run consecutively. This, the appellant asserts, was
in effect the DJ’s decision which circumvents the one-transaction rule in
Shouffee. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AS at para 60.

The Prosecution’s submissions

25 First, the Prosecution argues that the DJ’s order did not contravene the
one-transaction rule. This is because s 307(1) of the CPC mandates that a
person who has been sentenced to imprisonment terms for three or more distinct
charges “at one trial” must have the sentences for at least two charges run
consecutively. The words “at one trial” in s 307(1) apply only to the
proceeded charges before a sentencing court in a concomitant sentencing
hearing. It therefore follows that, for the purpose of applying s 307(1) in
the present case (ie, concerning the Remaining Charges that were brought
before the District Court), the DJ was correct to disregard the High Court
sentence. In fact, the DJ was required by operation of s 307(1) of the CPC to
order at least two sentences – in this case, the sentences for the Forgery and
ODA Offences – to run consecutively. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RS at paras 47–48.

26 The Prosecution also points out that it does not have full discretion as to
whether and when an offender’s charges are to be stood down at any sitting in
criminal proceedings. The Court of Appeal in Lim Chit Foo v Public Prosecutor
[2020] 1 SLR 64 made it clear at [24] that the standing down of charges is
subject to the supervisory jurisdiction and discretion of the court under s
238 of the CPC. In granting an application for charges to be stood down, a
court must be satisfied that there is reasonable cause making this necessary
or advisable, having regard to the facts of the case. In any event, it was
open to the DJ to order the sentences for the Remaining Charges to commence
either immediately and thus concurrently with the High Court sentence, or
consecutive to the High Court sentence. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

RS at paras 49–51.

27 As regards the one-transaction rule in Shouffee, the Prosecution argues
that the Forgery, ODA and CDSA Offences are not mere extensions of the
appellant’s CBT Offences, but constitute an entirely separate dimension to his
offending conduct. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

RS at paras 55–60.

These offences were committed by the appellant in order to ensure that the CBT
Offences would continue to remain undetected, or to unlock the monetary gain
from those offences. Indeed, they had allowed him to stave off discovery by
his victims and the authorities for a period of about ten years. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

RS at para 56.

28 In addition, the DJ’s order for the sentences of the Forgery and ODA
Offences to run consecutively with the High Court sentence does not offend the
totality principle, having regard to the gravity of the offences and the
overall criminality of the appellant as the offences were numerous and spanned
a decade. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

RS at paras 61–70.

29 Finally, on the appellant’s contention that the High Court sentence
operates as a ceiling to limit the DJ’s sentencing discretion, the Prosecution
submits that:

(a) this argument failed to account for the fact that the High Court sentence
was meted out only in respect of the appellant’s CBT Offences without
consideration of the Forgery, ODA and CDSA Offences; and

(b) an offender’s old age cannot be relied upon as “carte blanche” to commit
serious crimes with the expectation that their life expectancy operates to
limit the duration of the sentence that can be imposed by a sentencing court.

Ultimately, the Prosecution submits that the seriousness of the appellant’s
offences and the principles of general and specific deterrence must operate
such as to override the mitigating value of his advanced age. In this regard,
the appellant committed 183 forgery, 236 ODA, 222 CDSA and two cheating
offences, in addition to the 50 CBT Offences he had previously been sentenced
for. The appellant’s advanced age at the time of sentencing was moreover a
consequence of the period of time for which he managed to conceal his
fraudulent activities. If the appellant’s argument is accepted, the sentences
for the remaining charges would effectively be rendered a nullity. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

RS at paras 72–79.

My decision

30 The sole issue in this appeal for my determination is whether the DJ was
correct in ordering the District Court imprisonment sentence to commence only
upon the expiry of the prior sentence of imprisonment (ie, the High Court
sentence).

The interaction of ss 307(1) and 322(1) of the CPC

31 I begin by considering a preliminary point of interest concerning the
interaction between ss 307(1) and 322(1) of the CPC, which was an issue that
arose in the court below though not contested in this appeal.

32 For ease of reference, I set out the relevant statutory provisions.

33 Section 307(1) of the CPC provides for consecutive sentences in certain
cases:

Consecutive sentences in certain cases

307.—(1) Subject to subsection (2), if at one trial a person is convicted and
sentenced to imprisonment for at least 3 distinct offences, the court before
which he is convicted must order the sentences for at least 2 of those
offences to run consecutively.

34 Section 322(1) of the CPC provides that where a person who is undergoing a
sentence of imprisonment is sentenced again to imprisonment, the sentencing
court has the discretion to order the latter sentence to commence either
immediately or at the end of the imprisonment to which the offender was
previously sentenced:

Commencement of sentence of imprisonment on prisoner already undergoing
imprisonment

322.—(1) Where a person who is an escaped convict or is undergoing a sentence
of imprisonment is sentenced again to imprisonment, the latter sentence of
imprisonment must begin either immediately or at the end of the imprisonment
to which he was previously sentenced, as the court awarding the sentence
directs.

35 In the District Court, the parties took the following positions in their
submissions regarding the time of commencement of the individual sentences for
the Forgery, ODA and CDSA Offences (GD at [75]):

(a) The Prosecution submitted for:

(i) the sentence for the CDSA Offence to commence immediately (ie, on the day
the sentence was passed); and

(ii) the aggregate sentence for the Forgery and ODA Offences to commence at
the expiry of the High Court sentence which the appellant is serving.

(b) The appellant submitted that the three individual sentences for the
Forgery, ODA and CDSA Offences should be ordered to run immediately (ie, on
the day the sentence was passed).

36 The DJ disagreed with the appellant’s and Prosecution’s positions. He noted
that the High Court decision of Public Prosecutor v Hang Tuah bin Jumaat
[2016] 2 SLR 527 (“Hang Tuah”) clearly demonstrated that s 307(1) of the CPC
must be applied first before the sentencing court can proceed to consider s
322(1) of the CPC (GD at [77]). In this connection, both the appellant’s and
Prosecution’s positions were unsatisfactory because (GD at [76]):

(a) On one hand, the appellant’s position failed to apply s 307(1) of the CPC
at all.

(b) On the other hand, the Prosecution’s position represented a modified
application of s 307(1) of the CPC that was contrary to the plain wording of
the provision.

37 The DJ held that on a proper application of ss 307(1) and 322(1) of the
CPC: (a) the sentences for the Forgery and the ODA Offences should run
consecutively and the sentence for the CDSA Offence should run concurrently;
and (b) the aggregate District Court imprisonment sentence should commence
only upon the expiry of the High Court sentence.

38 To my mind, the parties’ positions and the DJ’s decision may be best
illustrated as follows:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

39 The correctness of the positions taken by the parties hinges on the proper
interpretation of the term “latter sentence of imprisonment” in s 322(1) of
the CPC. In this regard, the term could potentially be understood to mean
either:

(a) each individual sentence of imprisonment that the offender is sentenced to
while serving a prior imprisonment term; or

(b) the aggregate sentence of imprisonment that the offender is sentenced to
while serving a prior imprisonment term.

40 The positions taken by both the Prosecution and the appellant in the court
below inherently adopt the former interpretation. The appellant’s position
assumes that the effect of s 322(1) of the CPC is that the court may order
each individual sentence to commence immediately on the date of sentencing.
The Prosecution’s position assumes that the Court, in exercising its
discretion under s 322(1), is making the decision in respect of each
individual sentence. That is the only way in which the commencement date of
the sentence for the CDSA Offence on the one hand and the sentences for the
Forgery and ODA Offences on the other could be different, which is the result
proposed by the Prosecution.

41 In my view, both parties’ positions in the court below were rightly
rejected by the DJ. This is because they both adopted an incorrect
interpretation of the term “latter sentence of imprisonment”. It is clear from
the binary options in s 322(1) of the CPC that the term “latter sentence of
imprisonment” refers to the aggregate of the subsequent individual
sentence(s), ie, the interpretation at [39(b)] above.

42 If one assumes that the term is taken to refer to each individual sentence
that the offender is subsequently sentenced to, then the court only has two
options available under s 322(1) in respect of each individual sentence. It
can either order each sentence to commence: (a) immediately upon sentencing;
or (b) at the expiry of the imprisonment term that the offender is presently
serving. Thus, where the second sentencing court is dealing with three
offences, the court may choose to order all three individual sentences to
commence immediately upon sentencing, which would result in an outcome similar
to the appellant’s proposal set out above at [35(b)]. The court may also
choose to order one individual sentence to commence immediately upon
sentencing, and the remaining two sentences to commence at the expiry of the
imprisonment term being served. This would result in the remaining two
sentences effectively being run concurrently with one another. This is because
there is no option provided for under s 322(1) for the court to order that the
subsequent sentences run one after the other. To read the provision in any
other way would simply distort the plain language used. An illustration of
this result would be as follows:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

43 Therefore, the term “latter sentence of imprisonment” can only refer to the
aggregate sentence of imprisonment that the accused is subsequently sentenced
to. This is implicitly the approach which the DJ took in making his decision.

44 It is thus eminently correct in principle to apply s 307(1) of the CPC
first, to determine the sentences which are to run consecutively and
concurrently. Only then, when the aggregate sentence is derived, can s 322(1)
of the CPC be applied.

Exercise of court’s discretion under s 322(1) of the CPC

45 I now turn to the exercise of the court’s discretion under s 322(1) of the
CPC. The guiding principles were set out in the judgment of Chao Hick Tin JA
(as he then was) in Hang Tuah at [25]–[34], which I outline as follows:

(a) First, the discretion conferred under s 322(1) must undoubtedly be
exercised judiciously.

(b) Second, the court is not entitled to backdate the sentence of any offender
who is an escaped convict or is undergoing a sentence of imprisonment.

(c) Third, in deciding whether to order a subsequent term of imprisonment to
run immediately or at the expiration of the earlier term of imprisonment, the
court should have regard to whether the subsequent offence(s) arose in the
“same transaction” as the earlier offence(s), and also the totality of the
sentence to be served. Conversely, the fact that the subsequent offence(s)
arose in different transaction(s) is a weighty consideration that warrants the
imposition of an order that the subsequent term of imprisonment should start
at the expiration of the earlier term of imprisonment.

(d) Fourth, the court ultimately has a primary duty to determine the
appropriate sentence which would best ensure that the ends of justice are met.
No single consideration can conclusively determine the proper sentence and, in
seeking to arrive at the proper sentence, the court must balance many factors,
sometimes rejecting some. One factor that the court should consider is whether
the totality of the sentence served is proportionate to the inherent gravity
of all the offences committed by the offender. Hence, while the individual
sentence for a particular offence may be perfectly appropriate, the cumulative
effect of the sentences may well result in a total term of imprisonment that
is disproportionate to the overall criminality of the offender.

(e) Fifth, in contemplating the totality of the sentences imposed on the
offender, the trial judge should consider this question: if all the offences
had been before him, would he still have passed a sentence of similar length?
If not, the judge should adjust the sentence imposed for the latest offence in
light of the aggregate sentence. Whether this is done by imposing a shorter
sentence to run consecutively or a long sentence to commence immediately, does
not at the end of the day make much difference, although in principle, the
judge should, as far as possible, try to impose a sentence that is reflective
of the gravity of the latest offence(s) in question.

46 In particular, the considerations that are pivotal in the present case are:

(a) whether the subsequent offences arose in the “same transaction” as the
earlier offences (the “one-transaction rule”); and

(b) whether the totality of the sentence imposed is proportionate to the
inherent gravity of the offences (the “totality principle”).

47 I address each of these two considerations in turn.

The one-transaction rule

48 I deal first with the one-transaction rule. Shouffee provides helpful
guidance in this regard, even though it was not cited in Hang Tuah. As a
general rule, where multiple offences are found to be proximate as a matter of
fact but violate different legally protected interests, then they would not be
regarded as forming a single transaction: Shouffee at [31]. In applying this
evaluative rule, the sentencing judge should ultimately consider whether the
offender ought to be doubly punished in the circumstances: Shouffee at [32]
and [39].

49 In Hang Tuah, Chao JA held that the DJ had erred in the exercise of his
discretion under s 322(1) of the CPC. Chao JA stated that the fact that the
subsequent offences arose in different transactions from the earlier offences
was a “weighty consideration” that warranted the subsequent term of
imprisonment commencing at the expiration of the earlier term of imprisonment
(at [46]). This principle was not disputed by the appellant in this case.

50 Furthermore, a related but distinct reason which Chao JA gave for his
decision was that the district judge’s decision “effectively rendered the
[latter sentence] nugatory” (at [46]). Let me briefly summarise Hang Tuah
which involved subsequent offences which were wholly unrelated to the earlier
offences:

(a) At the time the subsequent offences were dealt with, the offender was in
the midst of serving an imprisonment term of 12 years in respect of two
previous convictions – one was for an offence of rape under s 375(1)(b)
punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code, and the other was for an offence
of driving a lorry without a valid licence under s 35(3) and punishable under
s 131(2) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”). The offender
had been convicted of both charges following a trial (at [3] and [6]).

(b) Prior to sentencing the offender for those two offences, the trial judge
had noted that he also faced several other charges relating to sexual offences
and other RTA offences. The offender declined an offer to have the remaining
charges taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing, and he was
thus only sentenced for the offences of rape and driving a lorry without a
valid licence (at [7]–[8]).

(c) The remaining charges were dealt with about two to three years later. The
offender was eventually convicted of one charge under s 376A(1)(a) punishable
under s 376A(2) of the Penal Code following a trial. Before he was sentenced
for that charge, he pleaded guilty to five further charges under the RTA and
the Films Act (Cap 107, 1998 Rev Ed), with four other charges under the RTA
being taken into consideration (at [11]–[12]).

(d) At the sentencing stage, the DJ ordered three imprisonment terms to run
consecutively, resulting in an aggregate sentence of four years and 11 months.
The DJ further exercised his discretion under s 322(1) of the CPC and ordered
that the imprisonment term of four years and 11 months commence immediately
upon sentencing. In practical terms, this meant that the latter imprisonment
term was wholly subsumed within the previous imprisonment term of 12 years,
thus rendering the latter imprisonment term nugatory (at [14]–[15] and [46]).

(e) On appeal, Chao JA held that the DJ erred in the exercise of his
discretion under s 322(1) for the reasons stated above, and ordered that the
subsequent imprisonment term commence at the expiration of the existing
imprisonment term.

51 On the facts of the present case, I am of the view that the ODA and Forgery
Offences are not part of the same transaction as the CBT Offences, as they
relate to different protected interests and have a different purpose as
compared to the CBT Offences. The mere fact that the ODA and Forgery Offences
are related to and not completely divorced from the CBT Offences does not
detract from this analysis.

52 Specifically, the CBT Offences were an infringement of the property
interests of the companies which the appellant was appointed liquidator or
receiver of, or had provided services to. In contrast:

(a) The ODA Offence involved a false statutory declaration to the Official
Receiver, and relates to the accused’s breach of his obligations as a
liquidator vis-à-vis the Official Receiver.

(b) The Forgery Offence related to the accused’s management of TPI’s bank
account. The accused had forged Standard Chartered Bank statements pertaining
to TPI’s account to conceal his misappropriations. In my view, the purpose of
this offence is not so proximate to the CBT Offences that they constitute a
single transaction. The CBT Offences related to the accused’s cheque
withdrawals without approval from TPI, the purpose of which was the
appellant’s acquisition of funds. The purpose of the forgery was distinct,
being the avoidance of detection by TPI.

53 It is also significant that Chan J, in sentencing the appellant for the CBT
Offences, ascribed weight to the appellant’s efforts to avoid detection
specifically in the form of using moneys from the bank accounts of his various
victims to reinstate the amounts taken from other companies. Although the
appellant submits 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AS at para 18.

that the Prosecution had, in its written submissions concerning the CBT
Offences dated 28 May 2019, argued that one of the aggravating factors was the
use of false account documents and declarations, this factor was not
considered in Chan J’s sentencing decision. This is relevant to the inquiry of
whether Chan J would still have passed a sentence of similar length if all the
offences had been before him, as per the approach set out at [45] above.

54 I thus agree with the Prosecution that the Forgery and ODA Offences
reflected an entirely separate dimension of the appellant’s offending conduct.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

RS at para 57.

They arose out of the appellant’s deliberate and calculated efforts to conceal
his CBT Offences from the relevant stakeholders, including the victim
companies and the authorities.

55 It is also notable that on the facts of this case, the High Court sentence
is far longer than the District Court imprisonment sentence. If the District
Court imprisonment sentence were ordered to commence immediately, this would
result in the same situation that Chao JA sought to avoid in Hang Tuah (see
[50(d)] above), where the further term of imprisonment is wholly subsumed
within the earlier term of imprisonment. Given that the ODA and Forgery
Offences do not form part of the same transaction as the CBT Offences, this
result would not be satisfactory.

56 It is not necessary to consider whether the CDSA Offence was a part of the
same transaction as the CBT Offences, as the DJ had ordered the imprisonment
term in respect of the CDSA Offence to run concurrently, a decision which the
parties do not dispute. However, for completeness, it bears mentioning that
while the moneys involved in the CDSA Offence flow from one of the CBT
Offences, the CDSA Offence relates to a distinct legally protected interest.
As observed recently by the High Court in Public Prosecutor v Juandi bin
Pungot [2022] SGHC 70 (“Juandi”) at [88], citing Zhou Haiming v Public
Prosecutor and other appeals [2017] 4 SLR 247 at [45], the legal interest
engaged where CDSA offences are concerned is the public interest in making it
as challenging as possible for criminals to dispose of their criminal
proceeds. This is entirely distinct from the legally protected property
interest engaged by the CBT Offences.

The totality principle

57 I now turn to the totality principle. In ADF v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal [2010] 1 SLR 874 at [146] (cited in Shouffee at [80]), it was
held that where the overall criminality of the offender’s conduct cannot be
encompassed in two consecutive sentences, further consecutive sentences ought
to be considered. For instance, this may be the case where the offender is
persistent or habitual, where there is a pressing public interest concern in
discouraging the type of criminal conduct being punished, where there are
multiple victims and where other peculiar cumulative aggravating features are
present.

58 In Hang Tuah, after ordering that the subsequent imprisonment term commence
after the expiry of the former term, Chao JA applied the totality principle
and reduced the overall duration of the subsequent imprisonment term to two
years, from four years and 11 months. Chao JA reasoned that had the offender
taken up the initial proposal for the offences (for which the four years and
11 months’ imprisonment term was meted out) to be taken into consideration for
the purposes of sentencing in relation to the first set of proceedings
concerning the offences of rape and driving without a valid licence, the
sentencing court “would probably have just marginally enhanced the aggregate
sentence imposed on the [offender]” (at [47]).

59 In my view, the application of the totality principle in the present case
does not tip the balance in favour of ordering the District Court imprisonment
sentence to commence immediately, and in fact supports the opposite
conclusion. I agree with the Prosecution that: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RS at para 67.

(a) the appellant was a persistent offender who engaged in a lengthy course of
offending over about ten years;

(b) there is a public interest need to deter the offences committed by the
appellant as he stood in a position of trust in relation to his clients, as
well as the public;

(c) there are multiple victim companies in this case; and

(d) the appellant committed more offences to cover up the fraud, which was an
aggravating factor and increased his overall criminality.

60 In particular, on the issue of the appellant’s advanced age, I am in broad
agreement with the Prosecution’s arguments. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RS at paras 75–78.

Case law has established that a sentencing court should be mindful of an
offender’s advanced age where a substantial term of imprisonment is
contemplated in order not to breach the totality principle: Public Prosecutor
v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [78]. However, as the Court of Appeal observed in
Ewe Pang Kooi (CA) at [10], there are limits to this principle. The appellant
argues that Chan J had taken the view that although a sentence of 28 years’
imprisonment was commensurate with his overall criminality in respect of the
50 CBT Offences, given his advanced age at the time, any sentence exceeding 25
years and ten months’ imprisonment (ie, the High Court sentence) would
effectively be imposing a life sentence which would not be in line with the
totality principle. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AS at para 55.

In my judgment, the appellant’s arguments are without merit.

61 First, as acknowledged by the appellant himself, in arriving at the High
Court sentence, Chan J had only considered the appellant’s overall criminality
in respect of the 50 CBT Offences. It is undisputed that the Remaining Charges
were not considered by Chan J and rightly so. It is wrong to view the High
Court sentence as a bright line which if crossed would necessarily entail
imposing a life sentence on the appellant which would fall afoul of the
totality principle. At the time of sentencing for the second set of
proceedings, the court must undertake anew the exercise of determining whether
the totality principle would be infringed taking into consideration the
additional dimension to the appellant’s offending represented by the Forgery,
ODA and CDSA Offences.

62 Second, the gravity of the appellant’s offences and the principles of
general and specific deterrence must certainly operate to override the
mitigating value of his advanced age. As the Prosecution points out, the
appellant committed 183 forgery Offences, 236 ODA Offences, 222 CDSA Offences
and two cheating offences, in addition to 50 CBT Offences for which he has
already been sentenced. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

RS at para 76.

Furthermore, as recognised by the Court of Appeal when affirming the High
Court sentence (see Ewe Pang Kooi (CA) at [10]), the appellant’s advanced age
at the time of sentencing was simply due to his success in keeping his
fraudulent activities concealed for a significant period of time. It would
therefore be perverse if the appellant could now rely on his advanced age for
any further moderation of his sentence.

63 Importantly, I also note that the District Court imprisonment sentence of
four months and 25 days’ imprisonment is relatively short and could be
described as an appropriate “marginal enhance[ment]” (as described in Hang
Tuah at [47]) of the overall sentence in respect of the CBT Offences and was
certainly not crushing.

64 Finally, I address the appellant’s argument that allowing the District
Court imprisonment sentence to commence after the expiry of the High Court
sentence would be tantamount to five sentences being run consecutively and was
not justified in the present case. The appellant suggests that if the Forgery
and ODA Offences had been before Chan J, he would not have ordered five
sentences to run consecutively. The crux of the appellant’s objection here is
that the Prosecution’s administrative decision to stand down charges and
proceed with them later on, would circumvent the principle enunciated in
Shouffee that only in an “exceptional” case would the sentencing court run
“more than two sentences consecutively” (at [81(j)]). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AS at para 58.

65 I am unable to agree with the appellant’s submission. First, given the
severity of the offences in this case, and the fact that they do not form part
of the same transaction and engage different legal interests, ordering more
than three sentences to run consecutively is entirely commensurate. Indeed, it
is not without precedent that in certain cases where particularly egregious
offending conduct is involved, the courts have ordered more than two sentences
to run consecutively. In the recent case of Juandi, the High Court ordered six
sentences for offences including criminal breach of trust, CDSA offences and
corruption to run consecutively. Notably, in Juandi, the offender was one of
the masterminds behind a large-scale conspiracy to misappropriate gas oil
worth around $128m belonging to Shell Eastern Petroleum Pte Ltd from its
facility, over a period of more than a decade.

66 Second, the appellant’s fundamental objection from principle is misplaced –
regardless of whether all the charges had proceeded before Chan J or not, the
inquiry would remain the same. This is because the court’s exercise of its
discretion under s 322(1) of the CPC is informed by the same considerations,
being the one-transaction rule and the totality principle. Even if the
sentences in respect of the later proceedings had to be run consecutively by
virtue of s 307(1) of the CPC, the court has the discretion under s 322(1) to
order the sentences for those offences to begin immediately, taking into
account, inter alia, the one-transaction rule and totality principle. There is
thus no circumvention of the Shouffee principles, which have in fact been
encapsulated within the s 322(1) inquiry. An offender would hence not suffer
any prejudice arising from the Prosecution’s administrative decision.

67 Even taking the appellant’s case at its highest, I am unable to identify
any potential prejudice that could arise as a result of the Prosecution’s
administrative decision. I illustrate my point with an example. Assume an
accused person faces a set of six charges, which in fact formed part of the
same transaction. The Prosecution chooses to proceed with the charges in two
separate proceedings involving three charges each. The three less severe
charges are proceeded with first, and the accused is sentenced to, and begins
serving, the imprisonment term for those charges. Subsequently, while the
accused is serving his sentence, and towards the tail end of his sentence, the
three more severe charges are proceeded with. By operation of s 307(1) of the
CPC, the court has to order the sentences for at least two of the three
offences to run consecutively. If the second sentencing court, in exercising
its discretion under s 322(1) of the CPC, deems that it would not have passed
a global sentence of similar length if all the offences had been before it at
once, the court can choose to impose a shorter sentence and order it to run
following the expiry of the first imprisonment term or a long sentence and
order it to commence immediately (as per the approach in Hang Tuah at [34],
set out at [45] above). There is thus no lacuna here in which the
Prosecution’s administrative decision to proceed with different charges at
different times would result in perverse outcomes.

Conclusion

68 For the reasons above, the appeal is dismissed.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tan Zhengxian Jordan and Leong Hoi Seng Victor (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed), Tay Jia Wei Kenneth (Cavenagh Law LLP) for the appellant;

Hon Yi and Gerald Tan Jiamin

(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Dec 2022 (11:26 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

