Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 74

Suit No 114 of 2020

Between

| Carlsberg South Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Pawan Kumar Jagetia  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Employment Law — Contract of service — Breach]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Implied terms]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Carlsberg South Asia Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Pawan Kumar Jagetia

[2022] SGHC 74

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 114 of 2020  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
13–17 September, 4 October, 17 December 2021

5 April 2022 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 From 1 April 2018 to 26 June 2019, the defendant, Mr Pawan Kumar Jagetia
(“Mr Jagetia”), was employed as the Senior Vice President (“SVP”) of the
plaintiff, Carlsberg South Asia Pte Ltd (“CSAPL”). Following the termination
of Mr Jagetia’s employment, CSAPL claims against him for a purported breach of
his employment contract (the “CSAPL SVP Contract”). Mr Jagetia denies the
claim, and counterclaims for various sums allegedly owing to him. Having
considered the evidence before me and the parties’ submissions, I dismiss
CSAPL’s claim, and allow Mr Jagetia’s counterclaim in part. These are my
reasons.

Facts

The parties and other personalities

2 CSAPL is a Singapore-registered holding company which owns 100% of another
Singapore-registered company, South Asian Breweries Pte Ltd (“SOAB”) and 90%
of a Nepal-registered company, Gorkha Brewery Pvt Ltd (“GBPL”). In turn, SOAB
owns 99.99% of an India-registered company, Carlsberg India Pvt Ltd (“CIPL”).
CIPL and GBPL sell beverages in India and Nepal respectively. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Troels Libak Stollberg’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) (“TLSA”) at
para 6.

3 CSAPL is a joint venture between Carlsberg Breweries A/S (“CBAS”) and CSAPL
(Singapore) Holdings Pte Ltd (“CSAPLH”). CBAS is part of the global brewery
group to be referred to as the “Carlsberg Group”. CSAPLH is owned and
controlled, through a series of trust companies, by Mr Chandra Prakash Khetan,
a Nepali businessman. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

TLSA at para 7.

4 As CSAPL is owned by CBAS and CSAPLH with a two-thirds and one-third
shareholding respectively, its board consists of directors nominated by CBAS
and CSAPLH in proportion to their respective shareholdings. Two-thirds of
CSAPL’s board (ie, 4 persons) are nominated by CBAS while one-third (ie, 2
persons) is nominated by CSAPLH. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

TLSA at para 8; Pawan Kumar Jagetia’s AEIC (“PKJA”) at para 5; Yeo Soon
Keong’s AEIC (“YSKA”) at para 4.

5 In support of its claim, CSAPL called four witnesses. Mr Graham Fewkes (“Mr
Fewkes”) was the Executive Vice President, Asia Region for CBAS from September
2015 to March 2021. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Graham Fewkes’ AEIC (“GFA”) at para 1.

Mr Low Chong Lim (“Mr Low”) was a director of CSAPL between March 2015 and
October 2018. Mr Low also oversaw the human resources matters for CBAS in
Asia. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Low Chong Lim’s AEIC (“LCLA”) at para 1.

The other two witnesses were Mr Troels Libak Stollberg (“Mr Stollberg”) 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

TLSA at p 1.

and Mr Peter Steenberg (“Mr Steenberg”), 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Peter Steenberg’s AEIC (“PSA”) at para 1.

who are CBAS nominated directors of CSAPL.

6 Mr Jagetia is a director of CSAPL, nominated by CSAPLH. From 26 September
2014 to March 2018, he was the Deputy Managing Director (“DMD”) of CIPL under
an employment contract which I shall refer to as the “CIPL DMD Contract”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) Vol 5 (“5AB”) at pp 2008–2017.

Thereafter, he moved to be CSAPL’s SVP.

7 Apart from himself, the defendant called one other witness, Mr Yeo Soon
Keong (“Mr Yeo”). Mr Yeo is a director of CSAPL, nominated by CSAPLH. At the
relevant time, he was also a member of its Remuneration Committee. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

YSKA at para 1.

The employment contract with CSAPL

8 Mr Fewkes, Mr Low and Mr Jagetia were actively involved in the negotiations
for the CSAPL SVP Contract, while Mr Yeo had knowledge of the discussions
during the process. The CSAPL SVP Contract, signed by Mr Jagetia on 19 April
2018, lies at the heart of this dispute, and I now set out the material
clauses. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

5AB at pp 2258–2264.

9 Pursuant to cl 1.2, the CSAPL SVP Contract “supersedes” the CIPL DMD
Contract. Although the CSAPL SVP Contract is dated 14 March 2018, it commences
on 1 April 2018 while Mr Jagetia’s length of employment is backdated to 26
September 2014 (ie, the date of the CIPL DMD Contract) as follows:

1.1 The employment contract will commence as of 1 April 2018 conditional to
obtaining the relevant Singapore visa/work-permits.

1.2 This contract supersedes the current employment contract dated 24
September 2014 [sic] 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

This appears to be a typographical mistake within the CSAPL SVP Contract.

and any addendum employment agreements signed between [Mr Jagetia] and [CIPL].
In the event of any inconsistency between this contract and previous
employment contract or other documents, this contract will prevail.

1.3 [Mr Jagetia]’s length of employment will count from 26 September 2014.

[emphasis in original]

10 Under cl 2.2, Mr Jagetia was to report directly to the board of CSAPL with
“daily oversight by Executive Vice President, Asia” [emphasis in original]. As
mentioned at [5], at the material time, the position was held by Mr Fewkes.

11 Under cl 5.1, Mr Jagetia was to “devote most of his working capacity to the
employment with [CSAPL] and can use some of his time to support the activities
of [CSAPLH]”.

12 The CSAPL SVP Contract also addresses Mr Jagetia’s move from India to
Singapore with his family. That said, it is common ground between parties that
the contract stops short of expressly requiring Mr Jagetia and his family to
move to Singapore:

1 COMMENCEMENT

…

1.4 This contract shall come into force subject to [Mr Jagetia] being granted
residence and work permit in Singapore. [CSAPL] is responsible for assisting
[Mr Jagetia] and accompanying family, if any, in obtaining proper
documentation (passport, visa, work permit, residence permit etc.) prior to
the start of this role. For reasons beyond [CSAPL’s], [Mr Jagetia’s] and his
family's control to secure work and residency permit in Singapore, [CSAPL]
shall provide alternative employment arrangements which will allow the
employee to perform same duties and receive similar remuneration under this
contract.

…

4 PLACE OF WORK

4.1 The position will be based at a designated Service Office and/or home
office in Singapore.

4.2 Travel activities within the country and abroad must be expected to a
certain extent for periods of time, as must temporary stays abroad in
connection with work related to the role.

13 Clauses 6.5, 6.6 and 6.9 provide for the related expenses of relocation
(the “Relocation Allowance”), repatriation (the “Repatriation Allowance”),
telecommunication and tax as follows:

6 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

…

6.5 Upon relocation to Singapore, a Relocation Allowance of Gross SGD 5,000
will be paid with the first available payroll. At the end of this Contract, a
repatriation allowance equalling to Gross SGD 5,000 is paid to [Mr Jagetia]
together with the last salary payout.

6.6 Expenses for installation of telephone in the accommodation in Singapore
will be reimbursed.

…

6.9 [Mr Jagetia] is entitled to tax consultancy and assistance for the filing
of Personal Income taxes in Singapore from income derived from this Employment
Contract.

[emphasis in original]

14 The remaining sub-clauses of cl 6 set out Mr Jagetia’s compensation and
benefits, including his gross annual base salary (the “Gross Annual Base
Salary”) and gross annual benefits package (the “Annual Benefits Package”):

6.1 The Gross Annual Base Salary is Singapore Dollars (“SGD”) 410,000 per
annum payable in 12 equal instalments at the end of each month. Mandatory
labour law requirements in Singapore may prescribe a different pattern of
payment, which is respected by this contract.

6.2 The Gross Base Salary shall be reviewed once a year leading to a revised
“Compensation” compromising [sic] of Gross Base Salary and its corresponding
Short-Term Incentive (“STI”) target. The revised Compensation will be
effective retroactively as of 1 January in the said year. The first review
takes place in April 2019.

6.3 The Employee shall receive a Gross Annual Benefits Package of SGD 290,000
per annum payable on payable on [sic] 1st April 2018. This annual Gross
Benefits Package covers housing, children's education, pension, life &
accident/disability insurance, transport allowances, home leave travel and
miscellaneous benefits.

6.4 The Company shall provide [Mr Jagetia] and his legal dependents with an
international health care plan to cover outpatient medical treatment,
appropriate accidental and death insurance and inpatient hospitalization.

[emphasis in original]

15 In relation to the short-term incentive (“STI”) mentioned in cl 6.2, cl 7
provides very broadly as follows:

7 INCENTIVES

7.1 [Mr Jagetia] will participate in the Short-Term Incentive Plan (STI Plan)
with a target bonus of 40% of the Gross Annual Base Salary. STI mechanics and
calculations will be discussed each year with the Board of CSAPL with
oversight by EVP, Asia. For base assumption, the STI structure will reflect
financial performance of [CIPL] and [GBPL] and CSAPL priorities in equal
proportions.

7.2 The Actual STI payment (if any) will be paid out once a year – typically
in April.

…

[emphasis in original]

16 This brings me to cl 11, the last clause I wish to highlight, which
provides that the contract may be terminated by either Mr Jagetia or CSAPL as
follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

5AB at p 2261.

11 DURATION AND TERMINATION

11.1 The Employment period is ongoing and shall be terminated with notice from
either [Mr Jagetia] or [CSAPL] as per the notice period served.

…

11.4 [CSAPL] may at any time terminate this contract in accordance with
applicable law in Singapore. If no other legal regulations prevail, the notice
period is three months starting from the last working day of the month such
notice is given. All expenses in connection with return journey and transport
of [Mr Jagetia’s] belongings etc. will be paid by [CSAPL]

11.5 In case of breach of this contract - including gross non-fulfilment of
duties – [CSAPL] reserves the right to dismiss [Mr Jagetia]. In the event of
dismissal this shall also be regarded termination/dismissal of any employment
with [CSAPL] or other Carlsberg associated company. All expenses in connection
with return journey and transport of [Mr Jagetia’s] belongings are to be borne
by [Mr Jagetia].

17 I pause to highlight that arising from the contractual provisions set out
at [12] and [13], CSAPL contends that there is an implied term under the CSAPL
SVP Contract for Mr Jagetia to relocate with his family to Singapore (the
“Relocation Obligation”). Mr Jagetia contends, however, that he was merely
given the option to relocate with his family to Singapore. As it transpired,
Mr Jagetia’s family did not relocate to Singapore. As to whether Mr Jagetia
could be said to have relocated to Singapore, parties differ.

Management issues

18 During Mr Jagetia’s employment, four issues were brewing in respect of the
management of CSAPL. Operating in the background seems to be a disagreement
between the two shareholders, CBAS and CSAPLH. Indeed, on most of the
resolutions in relation to these matters, the CBAS nominated directors and the
CSAPLH nominated directors appear to have taken opposite sides. I summarise
the parties’ perspectives on these issues.

The financing efforts

19 The first, and probably most significant of the four issues, concerns the
refinancing of a loan facility granted by CBAS to CSAPL (the “CBAS Loan
Facility”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

5AB at pp 2025–2124.

20 As set out in the CSAPL SVP Contract, one of Mr Jagetia’s responsibilities
was to “lead … financial management” so as to “lower financial cost … within
CSAPL”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

5AB at p 2264.

According to Mr Jagetia, he had attempted to reduce CSAPL’s interest expenses
arising from the CBAS Loan Facility by refinancing it. In that regard, Mr
Jagetia attempted to obtain a loan from third-party banks at more competitive
interest rates (the “Financing Efforts”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PKJA at para 17(b).

In particular, Mr Jagetia’s position is that he secured an offer from Rabobank
for a US$350m loan facility (the “Rabobank Loan Facility”) in which CSAPL
“stood to save up to US$123,000 per week or US$6,388,000 per annum in interest
costs” compared to the CBAS Loan Facility. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PKJA at paras 41–42.

However, Mr Jagetia was of the view that he was “met with blocking and
delaying tactics” from CBAS nominated directors because CBAS “would lose the
windfall it had been earning”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PKJA at para 43.

21 According to CSAPL, the issue of refinancing was an important one. More
information would have been needed on the financing options, and the board
would only have acted after a review of all the relevant information and an
analysis of the same. At a series of board meetings from 30 January 2019 to 4
June 2019, the Rabobank Loan Facility was discussed. Various members of the
board had reservations about the key terms of the Rabobank Loan Facility,
including the financial covenants and repayment schedule, and they wanted an
understanding of CSAPL’s financial position. Mr Jagetia failed to address the
concerns of the board which, as SVP of CSAPL, was for him to do. Mr Jagetia
was not blocked in the Financing Efforts. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

TLSA at paras 40–43.

The whistleblowing efforts

22 Next, according to Mr Jagetia, sometime in 2017, when he was DMD of CIPL,
he had discovered trade practices which were allegedly “improper” within CIPL.
Although he attempted to investigate the matter while he was CSAPL SVP, the
directors nominated by CBAS prevented him from doing so. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PKJA at para 11.

Specifically, Mr Jagetia raised concerns of “illegal trade practices and anti-
competitive behaviour” to the CIPL Audit Committee (the “Whistle-Blowing
Efforts”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PKJA at para 17(a).

However, Mr Fewkes and the CBAS nominated directors considered the Whistle-
Blowing Efforts to be detrimental to CBAS and did not want any publicity or
investigation in relation to the matters. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PKJA at para 18.

23 CSAPL contends that these matters are irrelevant to the contractual dispute
at hand. In particular, Mr Stollberg highlights that Mr Jagetia “never brought
it to [CSAPL’s] attention at the time when the matter surfaced in CIPL” but
had instead “considered the whistle-blowing issues … a matter for CIPL to deal
with”. According to Mr Stollberg, the issue of illegal trade practices was
first brought to the attention of the CSAPL’s board of directors only on 23
June 2019. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

TLSA at paras 175–176.

However, CSAPL did not hamper Mr Jagetia’s efforts in relation to the matters.

The initial public offering efforts

24 Another of Mr Jagetia’s responsibilities was to “actively drive the IPO in
close cooperation with Carlsberg representatives”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

5 AB at p 2264 (Appendix to the CSAPL SVP Contract).

Mr Jagetia is of the view that CBAS nominated directors had been “obstructing
[his] efforts” to “work towards” the initial public offering of CIPL and GBPL
(the “IPO Efforts”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PKJA at para 67.

Again, CSAPL disputes Mr Jagetia’s narrative of the events. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

TLSA at para 248; PSA at paras 45–48.

CSAPL highlights that at a board meeting on 23 October 2018, the CBAS
nominated directors decided that they could not approve a mandate to proceed
without “a complete understanding of the pros and cons for CSAPL of the IPO
and restructuring” as they needed “an aligned input from the IPO Committee”.
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

4AB at p 1579.

The planning efforts

25 Lastly, Mr Jagetia is of the view that the CBAS nominated directors
“frustrated” his attempts to participate in the business planning of CSAPL’s
subsidiaries (the “Planning Efforts”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PKJA at paras 17(d) and 74.

For instance, they did not support Mr Jagetia’s efforts to get the management
of CIPL and GBPL to engage him to manage short term and long range business
such that he would be privy to the communications with the subsidiaries. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

4AB at pp 1693–1694.

Also, they did not advise the Carlsberg Group and CSAPLH employees to (a) work
with Mr Jagetia and (b) not communicate directly with CIPL and GBPL in
relation to areas for which Mr Jagetia was responsible. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PKJA at para 74(b)(2); 4AB at pp 1694–1695 (CSAPL’s Board Meeting Minutes of 9
April 2019 at point 10).

26 Again, CSAPL disagrees with Mr Jagetia’s narrative. When Mr Jagetia brought
up the issues at a board meeting, Mr Steenberg mentioned that there is no
mention in the CSAPL SVP Contract or the CSAPL’s shareholders agreement that
all information “needs to go through [the] SVP”. In any case, it would be
“entirely unpractical as it will create an unnecessary bottle neck to make one
person the sole contact for all information”. As a multinational corporation,
“nowhere in the company is there one person that all communications go
through”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

4AB at p 1693–1694 (CSAPL’s Board Meeting Minutes of 9 April 2019 at point 9).

Remuneration issues

27 Apart from the management issues, disagreements soon emerged with respect
to Mr Jagetia’s remuneration.

28 In relation to the STI for 2018, there are two disputes. For context, it is
not seriously disputed that the STI from January 2018 to March 2018 while Mr
Jagetia was DMD of CIPL (the “CIPL STI”) is still due to him. The first
dispute is over which entity is liable to make the payment (whether CSAPL or
otherwise). Mr Jagetia takes the view that CSAPL should pay him S$114,800 for
the CIPL STI. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PKJA at para 14(v).

Second, the parties disagree on the computation of the STI from April 2018
onwards (the “CSAPL 2018 STI”). While CSAPL approved a sum of S$135,500 for
the CSAPL 2018 STI, Mr Jagetia claims that it should have been S$192,363.80.

29 As reproduced above at [14], cl 6.2 of the CSAPL SVP Contract provides that
Mr Jagetia’s Gross Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed “once a year”, for
which the first review was to take place in April 2019. Mr Jagetia’s view is
that he should have received a salary increment similar to that enjoyed by the
senior management in CIPL and GBPL (ie, about 5%). However, CSAPL disagrees,
and Mr Jagetia received no such increment.

Mr Jagetia’s termination

30 By June 2019, things had come to a head. At a board meeting on 26 June
2019, Mr Stollberg highlighted the following matters which purportedly
supported an “immediate termination” of Mr Jagetia’s employment under cl 11.5
of the CSAPL SVP Contract, as reproduced at [16] above: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

TLSA at para 85; AB Vol 4 at pp 1776–1779 (CSAPL’s Board Meeting Minutes of 26
June 2019 at point 6).

(a) failure and refusal to answer direct questions posed to him by the CSAPL
board in breach of cl 2.2 of the CSAPL SVP Contract (see [10] above)
especially in respect of the Financing Efforts;

(b) failure to relocate to Singapore even as of 26 June 2019 (ie, the date of
termination as decided at that board meeting) with his family in breach of cll
6.1, 6.3, 6.5 and 6.9 of the CSAPL SVP Contract;

(c) retention of the Annual Benefits Package paid to him from 1 April 2018 to
30 June 2019 despite not having relocated to Singapore with his family; and

(d) failure to devote most of his working capacity to CSAPL in breach of cl
5.1 of the CSAPL SVP Contract (see [10]) by instead devoting most of his time
to further the interests of CSAPLH.

31 In contrast, the other CSAPLH nominated director, Mr Yeo, stated that Mr
Jagetia should be “given adequate opportunity to respond”. Despite Mr Yeo’s
objections, the board nevertheless voted to terminate Mr Jagetia. Mr Fewkes
then formally terminated Mr Jagetia’s employment as SVP of CSAPL. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

TLSA Exhibit TLS-78 at pp 586–587.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s claim

32 Following the termination, CSAPL claims against Mr Jagetia for sums which
it had allegedly paid in consideration of the Relocation Obligation. In this
regard, the plaintiff pleads that it is an implied term of the CSAPL SVP
Contract that Mr Jagetia was obligated to relocate to Singapore with his
family. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC”) at para 25.

33 The plaintiff avers that the Annual Benefits Package of S$290,000 per annum
under cl 6.3 is attributable to the Relocation Obligation. In this connection,
CSAPL has paid Mr Jagetia the sum of S$290,000 for the period from 1 April
2018 to 31 March 2019, as well as the sum of S$72,500 for the period from 1
April 2019 to 30 June 2019. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC at paras 22(b), 25(d)(ii) and 32.

CSAPL also avers that it paid the Relocation Allowance of S$5,000 under cl 6.5
as a one-off allowance to off-set Mr Jagetia’s costs of relocating himself and
his family to Singapore. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC at para 33.

34 CSAPL claims damages from Mr Jagetia arising from his breach of the
Relocation Obligation by failing to relocate himself and his family to
Singapore. Alternatively, Mr Jagetia has been unjustly enriched as a result of
the failure of the basis for the Annual Benefits Package and the Relocation
Allowance. CSAPL is, therefore, entitled to recover the payments. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC at paras 32–37.

35 Accordingly, CSAPL claims S$232,000 against Mr Jagetia, calculated as
follows:

Item| Amount / S$  
---|---  
Annual Benefits Package (From 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019)| 290,000  
Annual Benefits Package (From 1 April 2019 to 30 June 2019)| 72,500  
Relocation Allowance| 5,000  
Less: CSAPL 2018 STI (withheld from Mr Jagetia) | \- 135,500  
Total| 232,000  
  
The defendant’s defence and counterclaim

36 Mr Jagetia avers that there is no basis to imply the Relocation Obligation
under the CSAPL SVP Contract. There is thus no breach of such term or any
unjust enrichment arising from failure of basis.

37 The CSAPL SVP Contract does not provide that CSAPL could vary or stipulate
Mr Jagetia’s place of residence. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 14.

In contrast, under the CIPL DMD Contract, CIPL had the right to vary his
“place or work and/or require [him] to serve, visit or reside in such
city/town as the scope of the work required or CIPL directed”. Nevertheless,
CIPL never exercised such right. Further, CSAPL had no right to “designate
where Mr Jagetia’s family resided”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 8(a)–(c).

38 Relatedly, cl 6.3 of the CSAPL SVP Contract does not state that the Annual
Benefits Package is conditional upon Mr Jagetia and his family being resident
in Singapore. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 16.

As such, no payments were made in consideration of such Relocation Obligation.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 26.

The Relocation Allowance was intended to cover the inconvenience of Mr Jagetia
changing his place of work. It was to be paid automatically, without showing
that he had in fact relocated or incurred any costs in doing so. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 27.

39 Further, Mr Jagetia pleads that he was being punished by the CBAS nominated
directors for the Financing Efforts, Whistle-Blowing Efforts, IPO Efforts and
Planning Efforts (the “Collateral Purposes”). Therefore, CSAPL wrongfully
denied Mr Jagetia the full entitlement to his CSAPL 2018 STI. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 80(b).

In particular, Mr Jagetia avers that CSAPL breached the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence in the CSAPL SVP Contract by failing to “exercise its
discretion as to the STI in a rational and non-capricious manner” and
depriving him of the opportunity to earn his STI. CSAPL is “bound to”
compensate him $192,363.80 for the CSAPL 2018 STI. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 81.

40 CSAPL also failed to pay other contractual entitlements to Mr Jagetia,
including the remainder of the Annual Benefits Package for 1 July 2019 to 31
March 2020 under cl 6.3 (see [14] and [30(c)] above), the CIPL STI (see [27]
above), and the Repatriation Allowance under cl 6.5 (see [13] above). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 87.

Specifically, Mr Jagetia avers that cll 7.1, 1.2 and 1.3 of the CSAPL SVP
Contract contractually entitle him to claim his CIPL STI from January to March
2018 from CSAPL. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 82.

41 In relation to the termination, Mr Jagetia pleads that it is “wrongful and
without adequate cause”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 29.

In Mr Jagetia’s earlier version of his Counterclaim, he pleaded that CSAPL
wrongfully dismissed him “in order to” stop and “punish” him for the Financing
Efforts, Whistle Blowing Efforts, IPO Efforts and Planning Efforts. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 66 and para 87.

In the second round of amendments to the Defence and Counterclaim, Mr Jagetia
instead included his claim for three months’ salary in lieu of notice on the
basis of CSAPL’s contractual obligation under cl 11.4 of the CSAPL SVP
Contract. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 87.

42 Accordingly, Mr Jagetia claims S$632,163.80 against CSAPL as follows: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at paras 81, 83 and 87.

Item / CSAPL SVP Contract Reference| Amount / S$  
---|---  
Remainder of the Annual Benefits Package under cl 6.3 (From 1 July 2019 to 31
March 2020)| 217,500  
Repatriation Allowance under cl 6.5 | 5,000  
Salary In Lieu of Notice under cl 11.4| 102,500  
CIPL STI (From 1 January to 31 March 2018)| 114,800  
CSAPL 2018 STI (From 1 April to 31 December 2018)| 192,363.80  
Total | 632,163.80  
  
43 I note that Mr Jagetia pleads that CSAPL is “bound to provide an annual
increment for 2019 of 5% on gross annual base salary and gross annual benefits
package”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 86.

The computation above does not account for such increment. In his closing
submissions, Mr Jagetia instead claims for a “4% increment on the Gross Annual
Base Salary in the sum of $8,200” and a “4% increment on the [Annual Benefits
Package] in the sum of $14,500” making the total value of the claim
S$654,863.80.

Issues to be determined

44 From the foregoing, the issues to be determined are:

(a) whether the Relocation Obligation is to be implied, ie, whether there is
an implied term requiring Mr Jagetia to relocate with his family to Singapore;

(i) if so, whether CSAPL is entitled to recover S$367,500 (for the Annual
Benefits Package from 1 April 2018 to 30 June 2019 plus the Relocation
Allowance) in damages for breach of such an implied term or, in the
alternative, for unjust enrichment owing from a total failure of
consideration;

(ii) if not, whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to claim S$222,500 for the Annual
Benefits Package from 1 July 2019 to 31 March 2020 plus the Repatriation
Allowance;

(b) whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to S$192,363.80 as his CSAPL 2018 STI Claim
(ie, from April to December 2018) instead of S$135,500;

(c) whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to claim S$114,800 from CSAPL instead of
CIPL for the CIPL STI (ie, from January to March 2018);

(d) whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to an annual increment of 4% of his Gross
Annual Base Salary and Annual Benefits Package from January to June 2019 and
July 2019 to March 2020 totalling S$22,700; and

(e) whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to three months’ salary in lieu of notice
pursuant to cl 11.4 of the CSAPL SVP Contract.

45 I consider each issue in turn.

Whether Mr Jagetia breached an implied Relocation Obligation or was otherwise
unjustly enriched

The applicable legal principles

46 Was Mr Jagetia contractually bound to relocate to Singapore with his family
by way of an implied term in fact? The legal test for implication of a term in
fact is well-established. In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp”), a three-step process
is set out (at [101]):

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, at the third step, the court considers the specific term to be
implied. The term must be one to which the parties, having regard to the need
for business efficacy, would have responded “Oh, of course!” had it been put
to them at time of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear
response, then, the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

47 In this regard, the first step cannot be glossed over or sidestepped.
Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Sembcorp took pains to caution that “not all
gaps in a contract are “true” gaps in the sense that they can be remedied by
the implication of a term” (at [94]). Specifically, while there are at least
the following three ways in which a gap could arise, it is only in the first
scenario where it would be appropriate for the court to even consider if it
will imply a term into the parties’ contract (at [94]–[95]):

(a) the parties did not contemplate the issue at all and so left a gap;

(b) the parties contemplated the issue but chose not to provide a term for it
because they mistakenly thought that the express terms of the contract had
adequately addressed it; and

(c) the parties contemplated the issue but chose not to provide any term for
it because they could not agree on a solution.

48 To round off, in implying a term, the court essentially gives effect to the
parties’ presumed intentions by filling the gaps in the contract (Sembcorp at
[93]). Consequently, the threshold for implying a term is necessarily a high
one (at [100]).

49 I should also touch briefly on the legal principles of unjust enrichment.
In Benzline Auto Pte Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another [2018] 1 SLR
239 (“Benzline”), the Court of Appeal reiterated that a claim in unjust
enrichment against a defendant requires (a) enrichment of the defendant, (b)
at the expense of the plaintiff, and (c) circumstances which make the
enrichment unjust (ie, the presence of an “unjust factor”) (at [45]). One such
“unjust factor” is the “failure of basis”. That inquiry has two parts: first,
what was the basis for the transfer in respect of which restitution is sought;
and second, whether that basis failed (at [46]). While it is less settled
whether the failure of basis must be “total” (and not merely “partial”), any
such uncertainty is merely academic in this case. CSAPL’s pleaded case is that
there was a total failure of basis for the Annual Benefits Package in that Mr
Jagetia failed to relocate to Singapore.

50 With the foregoing principles in mind, I turn to the facts of the present
case.

The parties’ positions

51 CSAPL’s position is that, “as evidenced by the negotiations”, Mr Jagetia’s
entire Annual Benefits Package was to be paid on the basis of the Relocation
Obligation. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PWS at para 67.

In that regard, parties discussed whether CSAPL would (a) pay Mr Jagetia in
Singapore dollars; (b) arrange for the employment and immigrant passes of Mr
Jagetia and his family; and (c) cover Mr Jagetia’s and his family’s living
expenses in Singapore as expatriates through the Annual Benefits Package. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PWS at paras 68–69.

52 Concerning the Annual Benefits Package, CSAPL submits that the “figure of
S$255,000 was premised, self-evidently, on the basis that [Mr Jagetia] would
live in Singapore with his family”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PWS at para 71; LCLA at para 9.

The housing allowance was based on a family of four in the East Coast area
(which is family friendly), the children’s schooling was “based on the
children attending an international school in Singapore”, and the car benefit
was “pegged to [Mr Low’s] car allowance as Vice President, HR for CBAS Asia
(based in Singapore). Given the context of the negotiations, the parties
clearly intended for Mr Jagetia to be “compensated for moving himself and his
family to live in Singapore exclusively” for many reasons. Indeed, “numerous
terms” in the CSAPL Contract “expressly refer to Singapore or relocation from
India” such as cll 1.1, 1.4, 4.1, 6.5, and 6.9. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PWS at para 81.

53 CSAPL’s position is that although “the parties had the common understanding
that [Mr Jagetia] and his family would relocate to Singapore, … the parties
did not contemplate recording that understanding as a term in the [CSAPL SVP
Contract]”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS at para 83.

Furthermore, CSAPL submits that the Relocation Obligation “passes the
officious bystander test”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PWS at para 84.

This is because the “contract cannot work if it gives the employee S$290,000
per year for no apparent reason”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at para 19.

Given Mr Jagetia’s failure to relocate with his family, CSAPL suffered a total
loss amounting to S$362,500. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PWS at paras 93–94.

54 Mr Jagetia’s position is that the CSAPL remuneration package “was
negotiated as a whole” to include the three components “to put [him] at about
90% of the remuneration of then CIPL [MD] to address [his] long-standing
grievance of [his] remuneration being less than half” previously when he was
the CIPL DMD. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PKJA at para 99(d)–(e).

As an aside, I note that CSAPL’s position is that only Mr Jagetia’s Gross
Annual Base Salary was meant to be 10% lower than the salary received by the
CIPL Managing Director (“MD”) only (ie, not the entire remuneration package).
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

GFA at para 19–20.

55 Further, Mr Jagetia argues that as a matter of threshold, the Relocation
Obligation is not even “capable of clear expression” in that it is unclear
what “the required standard of relocation” would be under the Relocation
Obligation and CSAPL’s “inability to specify the content and scope of the
alleged implied term fatally undermines its claim”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 3.

In this regard, a consideration relevant to the officious bystander test is
whether the implied term is “capable of clear expression” (Sembcorp at [98]).
At the trial, CSAPL alluded to the meaning of “permanent accommodation”,
“reside in Singapore”, “live in Singapore” and “working out of Singapore”. In
any event, broadly speaking, Mr Jagetia claims that he had relocated to
Singapore. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DWS at paras 4.

56 Mr Jagetia further submits that any express terms purporting to encapsulate
the Relocation Obligation both departs from CSAPL’s pleaded case (that it is
an implied term) and fatally undermines CSAPL’s attempt to imply such term in
fact. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DWS at para 7.

In any case, it is evident by cl 1.4 of the CSAPL SVP Contract that parties
“had contemplated the relocation issue” by qualifying the phrase “accompanying
family” with “if any”. As such, despite knowing that Mr Jagetia had a wife and
two children, the CSAPL SVP Contract “did not expressly require that the [Mr
Jagetia’s] family must move to Singapore”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at para 8.

57 Thus, according to Mr Jagetia, the parties’ common understanding is that he
would “have the option, but not an obligation, to relocate to Singapore with
his family”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DWS at para 16.

Findings

Whether the Relocation Obligation is to be implied

58 I am not persuaded by CSAPL’s arguments that there is a “true” gap in the
sense which the Court of Appeal enunciated in Sembcorp at [94]–[95], and that
the Relocation Obligation is to be implied.

59 From the parties’ positions, it is clear that the parties had contemplated
the issue of Mr Jagetia’s possible relocation to Singapore with his family.
The disagreement lies in whether there was any common understanding reached
that Mr Jagetia was contractually obligated to relocate with his family to
Singapore. However, if I were to accept CSAPL’s submission that the parties
had a common understanding with respect to the Relocation Obligation, then the
parties’ lack of contemplation was merely in respect of “recording that
understanding as a term”. This does not and cannot satisfy the first stage of
the test for implying a term in fact.

60 To elaborate, CSAPL’s position is not that parties did not contemplate the
issue at all, and therefore left a gap to be filled: as per [47(a)] above.
Instead, the parties had indeed contemplated the particular question of an
obligation to relocate. As CSAPL points out, numerous clauses in the contract,
such as cll 1.1, 1.4, 4.1, 6.5, and 6.9, hint at this. Indeed, CSAPL admits
that what parties failed to contemplate was the “recording” of the alleged
common understanding. Thus, it appears to me that the parties chose not to
clearly provide any term requiring relocation in the sense that CSAPL now
contends. In my judgment, CSAPL’s admission is fatal to their own pleaded
claim. I digress to observe that in relation to the CIPL DMD Contract, CIPL
reserved the right to require Mr Jagetia to reside in a specified location.
However, this is omitted from the CSAPL SVP Contract. The circumstances of the
present case thus fall outside the situation which Sembcorp envisions at [94]
(see [47(a)] above). In other words, the “gap” which CSAPL contends is not a
“true gap” which the court may fill by way of implying a term in fact.

61 In any event, in my judgment, the question of whether there was any common
understanding between the parties that Mr Jagetia would relocate with his
family to Singapore must also be answered in the negative.

62 First, I agree that cl 1.4 of the CSAPL SVP Contract plainly contradicts
any such common understanding. To reiterate, cl 1.4 provides that CSAPL is to
assist Mr Jagetia “and accompanying family, if any, in obtaining proper
documentation” [emphasis added]. In that regard, the qualifier “if any”
plainly indicates that Mr Jagetia’s family members might not be relocating to
Singapore with him.

63 Second, I am not satisfied that the Annual Benefits Package was solely to
compensate Mr Jagetia and his family for their relocation and for no other
reason. On the contrary, I am satisfied that the undisputed evidence as a
whole (including the background of the negotiation for Mr Jagetia’s
compensation package) supports Mr Jagetia’s position that the three components
(ie, Gross Annual Base Salary, STI and Annual Benefits Package) were intended
to be read as a whole for compensation given his increased portfolio (ie, as
SVP of CSAPL) from his previous position as DMD of CIPL.

64 In this regard, it is common ground that initially, CSAPL offered a
remuneration package comprising of a S$350,000 annual base salary, STI worth
potentially S$140,000 (ie, target of 40% of S$350,000), and S$255,000 as the
Annual Benefits Package. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

LCLA at para 8; PKJ Supplemental Affidavit (“PKJSA”) at paras 16–17.

In an e-mail to Mr Jagetia dated 19 January 2018, Mr Low stated the following
(the “19 January 2018 E-mail”): 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PKJSA Exhibit PKJ-163 at p 72.

The package will be employed by CSAPL:

a. Annual Base Salary (SGD 350,000 Gross)

b. STI based on the CSAPL KPI’s (target 40% = SGD 140,000). KPIs for STI will
be determined by CSAPL board for the mission/purpose of your SVP role.

c. A cash benefits package (SGD 255,000 Gross)*

The above reflects a 10% delta difference between current MD, [CIPL] and your
new role.

*Benefits package as a cash allowances p.a. will provide flexibility on how best you spend to meet your personal needs. Cash allowances is meant to cover:

a. Housing 90,000 p.a. (SGD 7,500 x 12 months)

b. Pension 47,600 p.a. (10% of Total Target Cash p.a.)

c. Kids' schooling 90,000 (SGD 45,000 x 2 kids) p.a.

d. Car Benefit 18,000 (SGD 1,500 per month)

e. Others - Tax services, medical SGD 9,400 p.a.

*All numbers in gross unless stated otherwise. You will be responsible for Singapore taxes (estimated to be 15-18%).

[emphasis added]

65 It is particularly telling that CSAPL’s own explanation to Mr Jagetia is
that the three components together represented a “10% delta difference”
between his compensation package and that of CIPL’s MD (see [64] above). As
such, at all material times whilst parties were drafting the terms of
remuneration under the CSAPL SVP Contract, it is clear that the parties’
common understanding was that the three components were to be taken together
in order to justifiably peg Mr Jagetia’s compensation package to that of
CIPL’s MD. Certainly, the Annual Benefits Package was not specifically tied to
any Relocation Obligation.

66 Indeed, a draft of the 19 January 2018 E-mail was first sent to Mr Fewkes
by Mr Low on 17 January 2018, in order to keep Mr Fewkes updated on Mr
Jagetia’s remuneration package with the three components. Mr Low explained to
Mr Fewkes that his “new approach” essentially “mirrors the 10% delta between
[Mr Jagetia] and [CIPL MD]”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

GFA Exhibit GF-2 (Mr Low’s E-mail to Mr Fewkes dated 17 January 2018).

At the trial, when asked about Mr Jagetia being told about the package as a
whole being assessed to be 10% lower than that of the CIPL MD, Mr Fewkes
admitted that “it says what it says”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript dated 15 September 2021 at p 167, lines 7–11.

67 Third, it is also significant that Mr Low explained to Mr Jagetia that the
precise reason that CSAPL was agreeable to give a “cash benefits package” is
to provide Mr Jagetia with “flexibility on how best” to spend such cash “to
meet [his] personal needs”. Although, as CSAPL points out, Mr Low is “not a
lawyer”, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PRS at para 10.

I am of the view that his explanation (on CSAPL’s behalf) to Mr Jagetia about
the compensation package corroborates Mr Jagetia’s position and would be a
crucial factor for determining the parties’ common understanding of Mr
Jagetia’s compensation package.

68 Fourth, Mr Stollberg also agreed that certain components of the Annual
Benefits Package such as pension benefits do not relate to the cost of living
in Singapore at the time of the contract. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript dated 14 September 2021 at p 89, line 25 to p 90, line 9.

As Mr Stollberg was well aware, such an arrangement for a lump sum cash
payment is quite different from the arrangement for the CSAPL MD for which his
“housing is actually being paid directly by the company to the landlord”. As
such, the CSAPL MD enjoys “benefits in kind paid by the company” and not a
“lump sum”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript dated 14 September 2021 at p 89, lines 11–24.

Indeed, I should also point out that other clauses in the CSAPL SVP Contract
are expressly linked to living in Singapore. For example, cl 6.6 provides
specifically for the installation of a telephone in Singapore to be reimbursed
by CSAPL.

69 For these reasons, CSAPL’s submission that there is a common understanding
that Mr Jagetia would relocate with his family to Singapore is unpersuasive.
Implying the Relocation Obligation would therefore be contrary to the parties’
presumed intentions, which are of paramount importance: Sembcorp at [93].

70 Based on the analysis above, the Relocation Obligation cannot be implied in
fact. As such, there is no need to consider the other arguments raised by the
parties.

Whether CSAPL may recover the Annual Benefits Package paid

71 Flowing from the above, it cannot be said that Mr Jagetia breached any
implied term. The Annual Benefits Package was not paid to Mr Jagetia to
compensate for his and his family’s relocation to Singapore. Since I do not
find the Annual Benefits Package “tied to” the performance of the Relocation
Obligation as CSAPL contends, CSAPL’s claim for the recovery of the Annual
Benefits Package, based both on breach of the implied term and alternatively
in unjust enrichment for total failure of consideration, fails.

Whether CSAPL may recover the Relocation Allowance paid

72 As regards the claim for the Relocation Allowance, I accept CSAPL’s
position that payment is contingent “[u]pon relocation to Singapore” as
clearly stipulated in cl 6.5 of the CSAPL SVP Contract. Nevertheless, cl 6.5
does not go so far as to stipulate in what circumstances Mr Jagetia would be
considered to have fulfilled the obligation contained in this clause. It also
does not state when Mr Jagetia must do so. Mr Jagetia’s obligation under cl
6.5 cannot be determined from a reading of the clause on its own, without
more. I thus look at the totality of the circumstances to determine whether Mr
Jagetia had satisfied his obligations under cl 6.5.

73 In this connection, I note that CSAPL is a Singapore incorporated holding
company, and the business entities are CIPL and GBPL (which operate out of
India and Nepal respectively). Therefore, Mr Jagetia’s role and
responsibilities did not require him to be physically present in Singapore.
Indeed, Mr Yeo agreed that Mr Jagetia “could have carried out his function”
from India. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript dated 4 October 2021 at p 34, line 22.

Although it is quite clear that Mr Jagetia’s family did not relocate to
Singapore, whether, for the purpose of cl 6.5, Mr Jagetia himself had
relocated to Singapore is a more vexed question.

74 Mr Jagetia argues that he has relocated to Singapore by (a) obtaining a
Singapore employment pass; (b) spending more days employed in Singapore than
outside Singapore based on his tax assessment on 14 August 2019 (ie, 275 days
employed in Singapore); and (c) being tax resident in Singapore. CSAPL,
however, strongly denies that Mr Jagetia could be said to have relocated. In
that regard, his tax assessment for the year 2018 shows that Mr Jagetia was
“only in Singapore for 70 days” (ie, 205 of 275 days outside Singapore for
business purposes). Such filing merely shows “the number of days he was out of
Singapore, and not whether he had relocated to Singapore”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PRS at para 26; PKJA Exhibit PKJ-135 at pp 1313–1314.

75 While it is undisputed that Mr Jagetia had in fact worked with an
immigration vendor subsequent to signing the CSAPL SVP Contract to assist with
any relocation to Singapore, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PWS at para 90.

Mr Jagetia explained that he was unable to relocate his family to Singapore as
his children would have already started school in India by the time that he
was granted a Singapore employment pass on 31 July 2018. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PJKA at para 98(5)(d); PKJA Exhibit PKJ-134 at pp 1310–1311.

Indeed, it was “four months after start of contract” that Mr Jagetia obtained
his employment pass. Thereafter, Mr Jagetia was provided with a “serviced
office” in November 2018. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript dated 16 September 2021 at p 87, line 22 to p 99, line 4.

Even as late as 12 September 2018, CSAPL agreed to the rental of a company car
in India for Mr Jagetia’s work with CIPL (which Mr Jagetia had been “provided
by CIPL since 2014” on lease) until March 2019. As Mr Jagetia explained, this
is to account for his presence in India “approx. 10 days/month for various
projects/meetings” and helps “avoid taxi costs”. In that regard, Mr Low
affirmed that CSAPL is “ok with [the] arrangement for leased car to be paid by
CIPL until Mar 19”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PKJA at para 98(5)(g); PKJA Exhibit PKJ-138 at p 1333.

76 The Relocation Allowance was “paid with the first available payroll”. On
the objective evidence before me as set out above, I am satisfied that at all
material times thereafter, CSAPL was agreeable to Mr Jagetia being (a) tax
resident in Singapore; and (b) travelling to Singapore and staying in India
for significant periods in fulfilment of the “relocation” under cl 6.5. It
bears emphasising that CSAPL did not even provide Mr Jagetia with a serviced
office in Singapore until November 2018.

77 I briefly deal with CSAPL’s further argument that relocation is a “specific
type of consideration” which entails “uprooting” which Mr Jagetia failed to
do. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PRS at para 37.

In my judgment, it is too late for CSAPL to now contend that relocation under
cl 6.5 can only be fulfilled by the “uprooting” of Mr Jagetia and his family.
Even on CSAPL’s own case, it is wholly unclear what such “uprooting” would
entail given the overall circumstances of the present case – Mr Jagetia was
unable to secure his employment pass until some months after the CSAPL SVP
Contract was entered into, and CSAPL approved of Mr Jagetia’s request to
continue leasing a company car in India until March 2019.

78 Accordingly, CSAPL’s claim for recovery of the Relocation Allowance based
on a breach of cl 6.5, and the alternative claim for unjust enrichment fail.
For completeness, even if Mr Jagetia did not “uproot” himself to move to
Singapore to the extent that CSAPL now desires, it is undisputed that Mr
Jagetia was present in Singapore for a substantial period of at least 70 days
(out of 275 days for which he was employed in Singapore) (see [74] above).
Such stay in Singapore cannot constitute a total failure of consideration as
CSAPL now contends.

Whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to the Repatriation Allowance

79 I now turn to Mr Jagetia’s counterclaims. Mr Jagetia submits that if there
is no Relocation Obligation, then CSAPL’s claim on the Relocation Allowance
should be dismissed while his counterclaim on the Repatriation Allowance
should be allowed without more. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DWS at para 42.

CSAPL submits that the Repatriation Allowance under cl 6.5 of the CSAPL SVP
Contract does not apply in the present circumstances as Mr Jagetia’s
employment was terminated. Under cl 11.5, all “expenses in connection with
return journey and transport of the Employee’s belongings are to be borne by
the Employee”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PWS at para 187.

In response, Mr Jagetia submits that CSAPL’s argument is neither pleaded nor
applicable on the facts since CSAPL was not entitled to terminate him under cl
11.5. For the reasons which I shall elaborate below, I agree with Mr Jagetia
that CSAPL was not entitled to terminate him under cl 11.5 of the CSAPL SVP
Contract. As the flip side to the Relocation Allowance, I am also satisfied
that Mr Jagetia is likewise entitled to the Repatriation Allowance under cl
6.5 at the end of the CSAPL SVP Contract.

Whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to the Annual Benefits Package from 1 July 2019
to 31 March 2020

80 Mr Jagetia submits that the Annual Benefits Package is “payable in full on
1st April every year” having regard to cl 6.3 of the CSAPL SVP Contract and
not every quarter of the year. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DWS at paras 35–40.

CSAPL submits that the logical conclusion of such a position is that even if
Mr Jagetia had resigned on 2 April, he would be able to retain the full amount
which “cannot be right” and is “legally unsustainable”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PWS at paras 188–189.

In response, Mr Jagetia submits that there is no “clawback” for the Annual
Benefits Package which could possibly apply. As such, he is entitled to the
full sum on 1 April every year. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DRS at para 71.

81 While it is not disputed that cl 6.3 stipulates the mechanics for the
payment of the Annual Benefits Package (ie, promptly on 1 April as a one-time
lump payment for the year), such mechanism does not and cannot in any way lead
to the conclusion that Mr Jagetia is entitled to the full sum of the Annual
Benefits Package for as long as the contract ends after 1 April of the year.
On the contrary, cl 6.5 clearly stipulates that the figure of S$290,000 is
“per annum” and as such appropriately called the Annual Benefits Package.
Furthermore, Mr Jagetia’s position on this part of his Counterclaim is
contradicted by his own position (which I have found earlier) that his
remuneration package is to be considered as a whole so as to justifiably peg
it to the “10% delta difference” compared to the CIPL MD. Such remuneration
package is clearly in respect of Mr Jagetia’s annual remuneration.

82 Furthermore, even if CSAPL’s failure to pay the full sum of the Annual
Benefits Package on 1 April constitutes a breach of cl 6.5, in the present
circumstances, I am not satisfied that Mr Jagetia has shown any loss for the
period from 1 July 2019 to 31 March 2020. In that regard, I also rely on my
decision to allow Mr Jagetia’s three months’ salary in lieu of notice (see
[148] below). Accordingly, I dismiss Mr Jagetia’s counterclaim for the
remainder of the Annual Benefits Package.

The quantum of the CSAPL 2018 STI

83 Turning to the CSAPL 2018 STI Claim, parties disagree on the quantum
payable to Mr Jagetia. In this connection, cl 7.1 of the CSAPL SVP Contract
only provides for a “a target bonus of 40% of the Gross Annual Base Salary”.
As for “mechanics and calculations”, the contract leaves it open for yearly
discussion with the board, with oversight by Mr Fewkes. Nonetheless, cl 7.1
provides that as a “base assumption”, “the STI structure will reflect
financial performance of [CIPL] and [GBPL] and CSAPL priorities in equal
proportions”.

The applicable legal principles

84 In Latham Scott v Credit Suisse First Boston [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30, the
employee claimed a bonus based on a bonus clause which read “[i]n addition to
your salary, a bonus may be paid to you…” [emphasis added]. Based on a proper
construction of the bonus clause, the Court of Appeal held that the decision
to grant a bonus was entirely at the discretion of the company. An employee
was not entitled to claim against his former employer a bonus which was
entirely discretionary in nature. In this regard, the Court of Appeal held
that even if the employee had continued to work with the employer, he “would
not have a legal right to claim a bonus from them, much less if his employment
was terminated in accordance with the terms of the contract” (at [57]).

85 In determining whether bonuses are entirely discretionary in nature, I
gather the following relevant principles from the case law. While there may be
situations in which an employer reserves the absolute right to declare bonuses
in whatever way he deems fit, all the relevant circumstances have to be
examined to ascertain whether that was the true intention of the parties
(Leong Hin Chuee v Citra Group Pte Ltd and others [2015] 2 SLR 603 (“Leong Hin
Chuee”) at [147] and [150]). Thus, the discretion in awarding a bonus may not
be completely unfettered. Even a very broad discretion should nevertheless be
exercised rationally, in bona fide and not arbitrarily or capriciously
(Leiman, Ricardo and another v Noble Resources Ltd and another [2018] SGHC 166
(“Leiman”) at [250]). Although such discretion may not be unfettered, the
threshold for judicial intervention in the exercise of such discretion is not
low, and the courts will generally not intervene unless the contracting
party’s exercise of such discretion is “so outrageous in its defiance of
reason that it can be properly categorised as perverse” (Dong Wei v Shell
Eastern Trading (Pte) Ltd and another [2022] SGHC(A) 8 (“Dong Wei”) at [90]
citing MGA International Pte Ltd v Wajilam Exports (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2010]
SGHC 319 at [106]).

The parties’ positions

86 On the computation of the STI, the parties refer to the discussions between
them, as supervised by Mr Fewkes. This is in line with what is set out in cl
7.1 of the CSAPL SVP Contract. On 17 April 2018, which was two days prior to
signing the CSAPL SVP Contract, Mr Fewkes stated in an e-mail to Mr Jagetia
(the “17 April 2018 E-mail”) that: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PKJA Exhibit PKJ-87 at p 147.

Re: 2018 STI proposal for discussion before we ask LL to write it up. Gimme a
bell when you’ve read it.

…

Jan-Mar : 25% pro-rata on final India stretch STI payout (LL to confirm if
this should be budgeted by CIPL or CSAPL)

Apr-Dec: 75% pro-rata to be split as below

• 1/3rd of STI to mirror the India MD STI scheme payout

• 1/3rd of STI to mirror the Nepal MD STI scheme payout*

• 1/3rd to relate to delivery of CSAPL projects**

…

So, in practical terms, this means for 2018 that SVP would get 50% of the
India STI payout, 25% of Nepal MD’s STI payout and 25% based on CSAPL
deliverables

…

87 Further, on 14 May 2018, Mr Low e-mailed Mr Jagetia to explain how the STI
is to be computed, ie, the STI mechanics: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

LCLA Exhibit LL-9 at pp 78 and 80–83.

(a) the structure of the 2018 STI is “on [CIPL’s] and [GBPL’s] financials
coupled by [Mr Jagetia’s] personal goals”;

(b) CIPL’s 2018 STI is “already approved by the CIPL board”; and

(c) GBPL’s 2018 STI “has not been discussed or shared with GBPL board”.

88 In particular, as stated by Mr Low, the structure is as follows:

2018 Plan Structure:

The 2018 STI Plan provides for financial objectives and Individual Objectives
(also called “targets” in this STI Plan). Pay-out from the STI Plan requires
that the objectives for a given year are partly or fully achieved along these
3 pillars of the structure:

| Weighing| Payout Principles/Formula  
---|---|---  
Financials 66.6%| 33.33%| a) To mirror the [CIPL] MD STI scheme payout …  
33.33%| b) To mirror the [GBPL] MD STI scheme payout ….  
Personals33.34%| 33.4%| Delivery of CSAPL projects**1\. A new 3YP presented to
and accepted by the CSAPL board by end Nov’182\. Satisfactory progress on IPO
workstreams as per timeline of the board’s IPO plan3\. Implementation of at
least 2 meaningful business developmentprojects in India and/or Nepal  
  
…

Objective Achievement| Payout| Description  
---|---|---  
Below Threshold| 50%| Only 2 of 3 personal objectives is met at target  
At Threshold Performance| 100%| 3 of 3 personal objectives met at target  
Above Threshold but below Target| 150%| At least 1 personal objectives are
above target with remaining personal objectives at target  
  
89 At a board meeting on 6 May 2019, it was approved that Mr Jagetia be
accorded S$135,500 as the CSAPL 2018 STI. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

4AB at pp 1728–1729.

Mr Jagetia was formally informed of the decision on 8 May 2019. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PKJA at para 120; PKJA Exhibit PKJ-122 at pp 1147–1149.

The calculation for the CSAPL 2018 STI was explained to Mr Jagetia to be as
follows: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PKJA at paras 121–122; PKJA Exhibit PKJ-122 at p 1155.

Company| Target 2018| Performance 2018  
---|---|---  
CIPL financial priorities| • Weight 70%: earnings before interest and tax
(“EBIT”) of DKK 119.171m• Weight 30%: Market share of 19.0% threshold| • EBIT
of DKK 235.640m (a 400% stretch payout)• Market share of 18.5% last track  
GBPL financial priorities| • Weight 70%: EBIT of DKK 562.829m• Weight 30%:
Market share of 68%| • EBIT of DKK 433.650m• Market share: 63%  
CSAPL priorities| • In lack of other agreement for 2018 the role &
responsibilities| • 50% achievement score  
Total| STI target bonus of 40% of Gross Annual Base Salary| Suggestion for STI
2018: S$180,400 payout(S$410,000 × 40% × 110.00%)((⅓ × 70% × 400%) + 0) + ((⅓
× (0+0)) + ((⅓ × 50%)= 110.00%  
  
90 Given that the CSAPL 2018 STI was for only nine months, this amounted to
S$135,500 as follows: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PKJA at para 121; TLSA at para 48.

| Figures| Formula  
---|---|---  
CIPL| • Weightage: ⅓• Multiplicand: 70% × 400% = 280%| • ⅓ × 280%  
GBPL| • Weightage: ⅓• Multiplicand: 0%| • ⅓ × 0%  
CSAPL | • Weightage: ⅓• Multiplicand: 50%| • ⅓ × 50%  
Base Rate| • Pro-Ration (1 Apr – 31 Dec 2018): ¾• Base: 40% of Gross Annual
Base Salary| • ¾ × 40% × S$410,000  
Total| [(⅓ × 280%) + (⅓ × 50%) + (⅓ × 50%)] ×[¾ × 40% × S$410,000]= [93.333% +
0% + 16.667%] × [¾ × S$164,000]= [110%] × [S$123,000]= S$135,300 (as
calculated by Mr Jagetia)≈ S$135,500 (as actually awarded by the CSAPL board)  
  
91 Mr Jagetia’s position is that he is entitled to S$192,363.80 instead of the
S$135,500 which the board awarded him. The dispute centres on the GBPL
component and the CSAPL component. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PWS at para 103.

The GBPL component

92 In relation to the GBPL component, Mr Jagetia submits that although the
2018 STI payout for the GBPL MD was 89.18%, the CBAS nominated directors
applied a multiplicand of 0% when calculating Mr Jagetia’s GBPL component and
CSAPL resolved to award the GBPL component accordingly. As such, CSAPL failed
to mirror the GBPL MD’s STI payout for 2018. CSAPL, however, submits that the
GBPL MD received his STI payout under a “standard CBAS STI plan, which is
markedly different from the local STI plan that he was supposed to transition
into” for various reasons. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PWS at paras 111–114.

In that regard, the GBPL MD would likewise have received a 0% bonus had he
been assessed only on GBPL’s local performance. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

TLSA at para 156.

In any case, the difference between the amount received and the amount claimed
by Mr Jagetia is only S$56,863.80 which suggests that, on the whole, the CSAPL
2018 STI was not decided upon to punish Mr Jagetia for the Collateral Purposes
or otherwise biased. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PRS at paras 47–54.

The CSAPL component

93 As for the CSAPL component, Mr Jagetia’s position is that he is entitled to
a multiplicand of 100%, rather than 50%, as he had met all three of the
personal objectives set for him as SVP of CSAPL independent of the performance
of other employees within the CSAPL group. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DWS at paras 65–66.

94 Concerning the first objective, Mr Jagetia’s view is that his failure to
present and have a three-year plan approved by December 2018 “was not due to
[his] individual performance”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DWS at paras 67–69.

Rather, the CIPL and GBPL boards had not yet approved each company’s
respective budget in time, and these were delayed for months. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PKJA Exhibit PKJ-114 at pp 1026–1027.

Mr Jagetia had kept the CSAPL board informed of the problem.

95 Concerning the second objective, Mr Jagetia’s position is that the CSAPL
board was unable to provide him with an IPO plan because, as admitted by Mr
Stollberg, “there was a deadlock between what the CBAS side wanted and what
the [CSAPLH] side wanted”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript dated 14 September at p 26, line 25.

As such, there was no plan by the CBAS nominated directors to speak of and
resolving a shareholder deadlock is beyond the purview of Mr Jagetia’s
responsibility as SVP of CSAPL. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DWS at paras 70–73.

96 Lastly, Mr Jagetia claims he achieved the implementation of at least two
meaningful business development projects. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DWS at paras 74–76; AB Vol 5 at p 2264.

On 26 April 2018, the CIPL board approved a project called the License
Business Case of Chhattisgarh and on 27 June 2018, they approved a strategic
investment into Kaama Breweries Private Limited. Then, on 20 September 2018,
Mr Jagetia’s 3-Years Capacity Plan was approved. These projects were presented
by Mr Gaurav Mahajan and Mr Anurag Dutta, staff working under Mr Jagetia. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

4AB at pp 1500, 1502, 1544–1545; PKJA at para 124(f)(1).

97 CSAPL’s position is that its decision to accord 50% as multiplicand was not
irrational, capricious and/or arbitrary, or otherwise made as a result of the
alleged Collateral Purposes. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PWS at paras 101–106.

CSAPL’s board’s discretion is “curtailed by the express language of the 2018
STI Plan” based on the meeting of the various objectives. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PWS at para 107.

In that regard, the CSAPL component does not provide for any contingencies
where the personal objectives were unmet as a result of factors beyond Mr
Jagetia’s control.

Findings

Whether CSAPL retained any discretion to depart from the STI payout awarded to
the GBPL MD

98 It is common ground between parties that Mr Jagetia’s STI payout is meant
to “mirror” that of the GBPL MD. It is thus likewise common ground between
parties that CSAPL did not have the discretion to compute the GBPL component
in any manner which it wanted to. Indeed, even on Mr Fewkes’ evidence, the
GBPL component is “mechanically” calculated. As such, any discretion was
necessarily fettered by the STI awarded to the GBPL MD.

99 The fundamental dispute is in respect of what such “mirroring” entailed in
the circumstances (ie, the interpretation of the term “mirroring”). Stated
thus, it is clear that CSAPL did not have the discretion to award the GBPL
component in a manner which failed to “mirror” that of the GBPL MD. While Mr
Jagetia’s position is that such “mirroring” means that he was to be awarded a
GBPL component based directly on the GBPL MD’s STI payout, CSAPL’s position is
that such “mirroring” is satisfied precisely because the GBPL MD would have
likewise been awarded an STI payout calculated with a 0% multiplicand if he
was on the same “local” STI plan as Mr Jagetia (and not the CBAS STI plan). To
explain, the “local” STI plan is meant to take into account only the
performance of GBPL, whereas the CBAS STI plan would have taken into account
the performance of the Carlsberg Group. CSAPL also explained that the GBPL MD
was meant to transition to the “local” STI plan.

100 I am unable to agree with CSAPL’s position that the GBPL component for Mr
Jagetia’s STI could be said to have “mirrored” that of the GBPL MD on the
basis that two different regimes applied to each person. The objective and
contemporaneous evidence before me concerning Mr Jagetia’s STI before and up
to the time of contracting clearly demonstrates that parties intended for the
GBPL component to be directly pegged to that of the GBPL MD. In particular, Mr
Fewkes had himself represented to Mr Jagetia that he in effect “would get 50%
of the India STI payout, 25% of Nepal MD’s STI payout and 25% based on CSAPL
deliverables [emphasis added]” as his 2018 STI (see the 17 April 2018 E-mail
at [86] above).

101 Crucially, there was no explanation (or even any mention) of the
differences between the GBPL MD’s “CBAS” STI plan and Mr Jagetia’s “local” STI
plan at the material time. Needless to say, there was likewise no explanation
to Mr Jagetia before and up to the point of contracting that such difference
in plan would mean that Mr Jagetia could have in effect received a 0%
multiplicand regardless of the actual STI payout which the GBPL MD received. I
am unable to see how applying altogether different STI plans (which leads to
the different multiplicands applicable) could in any way be coherent with Mr
Fewkes’ representation that Mr Jagetia will receive “25% of Nepal MD’s STI
payout”.

102 In the totality of the circumstances, I find that CSAPL did not have the
discretion to award a 0% multiplicand to Mr Jagetia. In doing so, CSAPL failed
to “mirror” the STI awarded to the GBPL MD. That said, I briefly clarify that
this does not mean that the decision on the GBPL component was necessarily
motivated by the desire to “punish” Mr Jagetia in relation to the Collateral
Purposes – nor need I say more on the alleged Collateral Purposes in order to
determine the issue. For the foregoing reasons, I find that Mr Jagetia is
entitled to the GBPL STI component based on a multiplicand of 89.18%.

Whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to a multiplicand of 100% for the CSAPL
component

103 It is undisputed that the applicable multiplicand depends directly on the
achievement of the three objectives mentioned earlier in the table at [88]
above. For Mr Jagetia to be entitled to a 100% multiplicand, he must show that
he met all three of the objectives. On the flipside, the failure to achieve
even one of the objectives would lead to the conclusion that the CSAPL board
is entitled to award him the CSAPL component based on a multiplicand of 50%.
In that regard, it is undisputed that the CSAPL board retains the discretion
to determine whether a particular objective has been met.

104 I find that the CSAPL board exercised its discretion reasonably in
considering that not all of the objectives had been met. As for the third
objective, I am not persuaded by Mr Jagetia’s arguments that obtaining board
approval for three proposals presented by two of his subordinates must
necessarily amount to the successful meeting of the third objective – such
that the decision to the contrary must have been tainted by bias as a result
of the Collateral Purposes on the balance of probabilities. In that regard, Mr
Jagetia’s fails to demonstrate that the CSAPL board’s decision is “a biased
one-sided report in an attempt to justify a low STI payout”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DWS at paras 80–116.

Quite to the contrary, I find that a reasonable and fair-minded employer might
assess such examples as insufficient to amount to the successful
“implementation of at least 2 meaningful business development projects in
India and/or Nepal”.

105 It must be emphasised that the court will not readily intervene with the
exercise of discretion (see Dong Wei at [90], as mentioned at [85] above). In
this regard, I find that the decision in Clark v Nomura International plc
[2000] IRLR 766 at [40], wherein it was held that the employer was in breach
of its contractual obligations in respect of a discretionary performance-based
bonus and endorsed by the High Court in Daniel John Brader and others v
Commerzbank AG [2014] 2 SLR 81 at [102], to be helpful:

My conclusion is that the right test is one of irrationality or perversity (of
which caprice or capriciousness would be a good example) ie that no reasonable
employer would have exercised his discretion in this way. … Such test of
perversity or irrationality is not only one which is simple, or at any rate
simpler, to understand and apply, but it is a familiar one, being that
regularly applied in the Crown Office or, as it is soon to be, the
Administrative Court. In reaching its conclusion, what the court does is thus
not to substitute its own view, but to ask the question whether any reasonable
employer could have come to such a conclusion.

[emphasis in original]

Applying the foregoing principles to the present case, I find that Mr Jagetia
fails to satisfy the threshold to successfully find that discretion had been
irrationally exercised. The same may be said of the other two objectives, to
which I now turn.

106 In respect of the first and second objectives, it is undisputed that the
objectives were not met. The only dispute between the parties is whether the
failure to meet such objectives should be overlooked. In my judgment, that
inquiry must be answered in the negative. I am not convinced that the CSAPL
board is required, under the CSAPL SVP Contract, to determine that an
objective is met in the event that the failure to meet such objective was due
to some other external factor beyond Mr Jagetia’s control as Mr Jagetia
contends. Even if the objectives are described as “personal”, it is wholly
unsurprising that someone working within the top managerial positions of a
company is expected to work with other employees to drive tasks forward and
complete them. As such, I find difficulty accepting Mr Jagetia’s assertion
that the CSAPL component must be decided by such a granular inquiry of
scrutinising the precise reasons for failure before determining, on the whole,
whether the personal objectives were met.

107 As such, I reject Mr Jagetia’s contention that he is entitled to a
multiplicand of 100% for this portion of his STI.

Quantum

108 From the foregoing, I allow Mr Jagetia’s counterclaim for the CSAPL 2018
STI in part. Mr Jagetia is entitled to the sum of S$171,863.80, calculated as
follows using the method at [89] above:

| Figures| Formula  
---|---|---  
CIPL | • Weightage: ⅓• Multiplicand: 70% × 400 = 280%| • ⅓ × 280%  
GBPL| • Weightage: ⅓• Multiplicand: 0%| • ⅓ × 89.18%  
CSAPL | • Weightage: ⅓• Multiplicand: 50%| • ⅓ × 50%  
Base Rate| • Pro-Ration (1 Apr – 31 Dec 2018): ¾• Base: 40% of Gross Annual
Base Salary| • ¾ × 40% × S$410,000  
Total| [(⅓ × 280%) + (⅓ × 89.18%) + (⅓ × 50%)] ×[¾ × 40% × S$410,000]=
[93.333% + 29.727% + 16.667%] × [¾ × S164,000]= [139.727%] × [S$123,000]=
S$171,864.21  
  
Whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to claim the CIPL STI from CSAPL

The parties’ positions

109 I turn to the claim for the CIPL STI. For context, at a board meeting on 6
May 2019, Mr Stollberg stated that “any claim for CIPL employment’s bonus
January to March 2018”, should be resolved with CIPL as the CSAPL board was
concerned only with “the CSAPL part of [Mr Jagetia’s] employment”. Mr
Steenberg further clarified that “CSAPL cannot pay a bonus for a contract not
related to CSAPL”. Mr Yeo responded that under the CSAPL SVP Contract, Mr
Jagetia’s “role with CSAPL was a continuation of [his] contract with CIPL and
will be counted from 26 September 2014” (see cl 1.3 at [9] above).
Nevertheless, the CBAS nominated directors all voted in favour of Mr
Stollberg’s proposal that there be no CIPL STI payable by CSAPL. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

4AB at pp 1728–1729.

110 As mentioned at [40] above, Mr Jagetia’s case is that he is contractually
entitled to claim his CIPL STI from CSAPL pursuant to cll 7.1, 1.2 and 1.3.
Clauses 1.2 and 1.3 provide that the CSAPL SVP Contract “supersedes” the CIPL
DMD Contract and that his length of employment will nevertheless “count from
26 September 2014” (ie, date of the CIPL DMD Contract). The purpose of these
clauses (ie, such backdating), according to Mr Jagetia, is to entitle him to a
claim to his CIPL STI from CSAPL for the period from 1 January to 31 March
2018 under cl 7.1. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DWS at paras 118–120.

111 Further, Mr Jagetia relies on the 17 April 2018 E-mail (see [86] above).
To reiterate, in relation to the CIPL STI, Mr Fewkes wrote “Jan-Mar : 25% pro-
rata on final India stretch STI payout (LL to confirm if this should be
budgeted by CIPL or CSAPL)”. Mr Jagetia contends that the question as to which
company would “budget the CIPL STI is [CSAPL’s] internal matter”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DWS at para 122.

As such, Mr Jagetia takes the view that CSAPL should pay him S$114,800 for the
CIPL STI. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PKJA at para 14(v).

For this purpose, Mr Jagetia relies on the undisputed formula applicable set
out above for CIPL (ie, multiplicand of 280% × target of Gross Annual Base
Salary being 40% × S$410,000) but with a ¼ pro-ration for the period from 1
January 2021 to 31 March 2018.

112 CSAPL submits that it is not liable to pay the CIPL STI. Such incentive is
for “work as an employee of CIPL” and not for CSAPL. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PWS at paras 154, 157–158.

Furthermore, in the 17 April 2018 E-mail, Mr Fewkes noted that Mr Low was “to
confirm if this should be budgeted by CIPL or CSAPL”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PWS at para 159.

As such, the e-mail is not evidence of an agreement by CSAPL to pay the CIPL
STI. However, CSAPL agrees that there is “no evidence that parties intended to
forfeit [Mr Jagetia’s] CIPL STI in the negotiations for the SVP role”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PRS at para 55.

In that regard, CSAPL argues that Mr Fewkes merely agreed that Mr Jagetia’s
move to CSAPL will not result in him losing out on his CIPL STI. However,
whether the CIPL STI is to be paid by CIPL or CSAPL had yet to be confirmed.
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PRS at para 56.

Findings

113 From the foregoing, it is undisputed that Mr Jagetia remains entitled to
his CIPL STI for January to March 2018. The only difficulty is whether CSAPL
is liable to make such payment, based on the CSAPL SVP Contract. In my
judgment, that question must be answered in the positive.

114 To begin, I set out the relevant principles of contractual interpretation.
The purpose of interpretation is to give effect to the objectively ascertained
expressed intentions (and not the subjective intentions) of the contracting
parties as they emerge from the contextual meaning of the relevant contractual
language. To do so, in general, both the text and context must be considered.
It is, however, the text of their agreement which is of first importance (Yap
Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 at [30]). Further, extrinsic evidence
is only admissible if it satisfies the three requirements of being relevant,
reasonably available to all contracting parties, and if it relates to a clear
and obvious context (Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior
Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) at
[132(d)]).

115 Turning to cll 1.2, 1.3 and 7.1, I am persuaded that read together, they
impose a liability on CSAPL to pay the CIPL STI. I start by considering the
text of the clauses. Clause 1.2 specifically provides that the CSAPL SVP
Contract “supersedes” the CIPL DMD Contract, and that “[i]n the event of any
inconsistency”, the former will prevail. By a plain reading, this means that
the CSAPL SVP Contract replaces the CIPL DMD Contract. However, CSAPL and CIPL
are separate legal entities; CSAPL is a third-party to the CIPL DMD Contract
with no rights, liabilities and obligations under the CIPL DMD Contract.
Therefore, prima facie, there was no reason to include cl 1.2 at all.
Nonetheless, parties deliberately chose to include cl 1.2. This raises the
question of what aspects of the CIPL DMD Contract are to be replaced by the
CSAPL SVP Contract.

116 Moving to cl 1.3, it backdates the CSAPL SVP Contract, providing for Mr
Jagetia’s length of employment to count from 26 September 2014, ie, the date
of the CIPL DMD Contract. As explained by Mr Yeo at [109] above, I find that
this captures the parties’ agreement that the CSAPL SVP Contract is to be a
continuation of employment from the CIPL DMD Contract (even though the CIPL
DMD Contract is itself superseded by the CSAPL SVP Contract). In that regard,
Mr Stollberg’s evidence (which is consistent with Mr Low’s evidence) is that
the intention behind both cll 1.2 and 1.3 is that they were together a
“seniority clause”. I find it difficult to accept CSAPL’s position since, even
if there was a need to include a “seniority clause”, cl 1.2 is not strictly
necessary. On the flip side, a “seniority clause” begs the question of the
entitlements which Mr Jagetia would enjoy due to his seniority. For instance,
this could potentially include the non-forfeiture of the CIPL STI, especially
given that parties agree that their intention was for Mr Jagetia to retain the
CIPL STI despite taking up the position of SVP CSAPL on 1 April 2018.
Furthermore, and more fundamentally, CSAPL’s witnesses fail to satisfactorily
explain the purpose for recognising Mr Jagetia’s seniority within the CSAPL
SVP Contract. It seems to me that read together, the CSAPL SVP Contract
provides for any outstanding obligation of CIPL (which is not inconsistent
with its terms) to be undertaken by CSAPL.

117 Rounding off, cl 7.1 provides for Mr Jagetia’s entitlement to STI, and
leaves the question of “STI mechanics and calculations” to the board, with
oversight by Mr Fewkes. Read together with cll 1.2 and 1.3, the “STI” referred
to in cl 7.1 (which is not confined to any time period) could and should
include the entire period of Mr Jagetia’s employment under the CSAPL SVP
Contract (which is backdated to 26 September 2014). Therefore, payment of any
outstanding STI is not excluded from the CSAPL SVP Contract. Indeed, I would
say that the CIPL STI for Mr Jagetia’s work from January to March 2018 is
contemplated within the CSAPL SVP Contract (with the quantum to be determined
by the parties).

118 The conclusion I reach is fortified by the context. Parties do not dispute
that the 17 April 2018 E-mail satisfies the Zurich Insurance requirements.
Indeed, both parties rely on it. In it, Mr Fewkes set out the “2018 STI
proposal”, which was meant for discussion before Mr Low was to “write it up”.
Mr Fewkes stated “Jan-Mar : 25% pro-rata on final India stretch STI payout
([Mr Low] to confirm if this should be budgeted by CIPL or CSAPL)”. He added
that “in practical terms, … for 2018 … [Mr Jagetia] would get 50% of the India
STI payout, 25% of Nepal MD’s STI payout and 25% based on CSAPL deliverables”
(see [86] above). In my view, Mr Fewkes had expressly represented to Mr
Jagetia that the CIPL STI payable for January to March 2018 would be
incorporated into the CSAPL SVP Contract.

119 Although Mr Fewkes also said that Mr Low was to confirm if the CIPL STI
should be budgeted by CIPL or CSAPL, I agree with Mr Jagetia that this is but
a budgeting matter between two companies in the same group (to be resolved
between CSAPL and CIPL). It is for CSAPL (and not Mr Jagetia) to work out a
suitable arrangement to finance the CIPL STI. Although it appears that Mr
Fewkes did not follow up with Mr Low, CSAPL cannot rely on any difficulty on
its part to fulfil its contractual obligations to defeat Mr Jagetia’s claim
for the CIPL STI.

120 To round off, I note that cl 4.3 of the CIPL DMD Contract provides that Mr
Jagetia “will not be eligible to receive Performance Pay if [he is] no longer
employed by [CIPL]”. Mr Low states that under cl 4.3 “after [Mr Jagetia]
leaves CIPL employment he cannot claim CIPL STI”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript dated 14 September 2021 at p 161, line 4.

Further, the CSAPL SVP Contract also expressly provides that the CIPL DMD
Contract is superseded. Yet, I also note CSAPL’s view that there is no
intention for Mr Jagetia to forfeit his CIPL STI altogether. Such context
supports the finding that by the terms of the CSAPL SVP Contract, CSAPL had
undertaken CIPL’s liability for the CIPL STI. I should add that even if there
is any ambiguity within the CSAPL SVP Contract, by the contra proferentum
rule, any ambiguity must be resolved against CSAPL who drafted the CSAPL SVP
Contract and additionally represented to Mr Jagetia that he is entitled to the
CIPL STI.

121 In terms of quantum, CSAPL belatedly argue that Mr Jagetia erred in his
calculation for the CIPL STI. CSAPL submitted that the 2018 STI Plan “only
applies to him as an employee of [CSAPL] from 1 April 2018” and thus he has
“no right to demand that a 280% multiplicand be applied to him for his CIPL
STI, which is for the period from January to March 2018”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PRS at para 57.

I am unable to agree with such contention since the objective evidence before
me leads to the conclusion that Mr Jagetia’s CIPL STI will simply be pro-
rated, ie, “25% pro-rata on final India stretch STI payout” as per the 17
April 2018 E-mail.

122 Furthermore, such argument is contradicted by CSAPL’s own internal
correspondence on the issue. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

YSKA Exhibit YSK-12 at pp 105–109.

On 1 May 2019, the CBAS nominated directors calculated Mr Jagetia’s STI from
January to December 2018 based on a one-third weightage for each of the CIPL
multiplicand, GBPL multiplicand and the CSAPL multiplicand respectively. On 2
May 2019, Mr Yeo reminded Mr Stollberg of the formula mentioned by Mr Fewkes
in the 17 April 2018 E-mail and thus suggested that a multiplicand of 280% be
used. Mr Stollberg’s reply on 3 May 2019 was that the CSAPL board can only
approve the STI “related to the CSAPL contract with the SVP”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

1AB at pp 379–383.

As such, the rationale behind the board’s decision not to award the CIPL STI
on 6 May 2019 (see [27] above) as shown by the contemporaneous objective
evidence is that CSAPL did not consider it liable to pay the CIPL STI at all
(and nothing was said about the basis of the calculation). Accordingly, I
allow Mr Jagetia’s counterclaim for the CIPL STI for the sum of S$114,800.

Whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to an annual increment

The applicable legal principles

123 Given the dearth of local authorities on claims in employment law for
increments, I turn to consider the English authorities which Mr Jagetia relies
on and CSAPL does not refute.

124 In Clark v BET plc and another [1997] IRLR 348 (at 349), the employment
contract provided that the employee’s salary “shall be reviewed annually and
be increased by such amount if any as the board shall in its absolute
discretion decide”. Such a clause was held to mean that there is “an
obligation to review the salary every year”. Furthermore, despite the
purported “absolute discretion”, “if the board had capriciously or in bad
faith exercised its discretion so as to determine the increase at nil and
therefore to pay [the employee] no increase at all, that would have been a
breach of contract”. As such, the court went on to hold that the question to
be answered on the facts is “what position [the employee] would have been in
had [the employer] performed this obligation”.

125 In undertaking such inquiry, the increment offered to other employees in a
similar position (if any) is a relevant consideration. In that regard, it was
held in Transco plc v O’Brien [2002] ICR 721 (“Transco”) that to “single out
an employee on capricious grounds and refuse to offer him the same terms as
were offered to the rest of the workforce is … a breach of the implied term of
trust and confidence”. This is because a “capricious refusal … to offer the
same terms to a single employee” is likely to cause serious damage to the
relationship of trust between an employer and employee (at [17]). I caveat,
however, that Transco concerned a large workforce consisting of 75 workers
whereas the present case concerns mainly two other persons – the CIPL MD and
GBPL MD.

126 What is clear from the foregoing cases is that an employee has no
automatic right to an increment. Rather, the rights and obligations of parties
concerning increments ultimately depend on the employment contract in
question. As such, whether an employee is contractually entitled to an
increment depends on a proper interpretation the clauses in the employment
contract between the parties, bearing in mind the Zurich Insurance principles.
Where an employment contract provides for a discretionary increment, such
discretion must be exercised in bona fide, rationally, and not arbitrarily or
capriciously. These principles are consistent with the English cases above and
draw upon the principles relating to bonuses (as mentioned at [85]).

127 I should add that by Transco, the proposition relating to the fetters on
discretion in relation to awarding increments appears to hinge on the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence in the employment context. I am mindful
that the Appellate Division of the High Court in Dong Wei (at [70]–[93]), when
discussing the issue of limits to the contractual right to terminate without
cause, casted some doubt on the existence of an implied term of mutual trust
and confidence in the employment context (albeit only as obiter dictum).
However, at [91], the Appellate Division of the High Court also acknowledged
that in relation to “contractual discretions” which relate to rights
subsisting within the contracts (eg, discretionary bonuses in Leiman), there
may be “restrictions … to ensure that a party’s contractual discretion [is]
not exercised in a manner which deprived its counterparty of its contractual
rights, or which warped their contractual bargain”. Thus, I proceed on the
position set out at [126] above.

The parties’ positions

128 It is common ground that cl 6.2 of the CSAPL SVP Contract provides that
the Gross Annual Base Salary and the STI are to be “reviewed once a year” for
which the first review shall be held in April 2019 (see [14] above). 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DWS at para 155.

Mr Stollberg admitted that “we did not review his salary” and Mr Steenberg
likewise testified that he did not “remember that [he] participated in a
salary review”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript dated 15 September 2021 at p 12, line 4; Transcript dated 16
September 2021 at p 96, line 7.

It is thus undisputed that CSAPL breached cl 6.2 and the only issue left for
determination is the damages suffered by Mr Jagetia, if any.

129 Mr Jagetia submits that if there had been a review, such review would have
included the Annual Gross Base Salary, STI and Annual Benefits Package
benchmarked against the CIPL and GBPL MDs’ increments. His main reason is that
his compensation package is to be taken as a whole, and that Mr Yeo’s role in
CSAPL’s Remuneration Committee was to ensure that the remuneration of the
CSAPLH nominated executives was on par with that of the CBAS nominated
executives. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DWS at paras 158–164. Transcript dated 17 September 2021 at p 73, line 15.

130 From 2018 to 2019, the CIPL MD received a salary increment of 3% while the
GBPL MD was recommended to receive a salary increment of 5%. As such, Mr
Jagetia is of the view that he “should have received a salary increment of 4%”
on his Gross Annual Base Salary and Annual Benefits Package. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DWS at paras 165–169; PJKA Exhibit PJK-151 at p 1536 and Exhibit PJK-150 at p
1531.

131 CSAPL’s position is that while there is the obligation to review Mr
Jagetia’s Gross Annual Base Salary and the STI, there is no corresponding
obligation to increase either component. Furthermore, there is “no standard
increment across the Board of either CIPL or GBPL” and Mr Jagetia’s pleading
that CSAPL is “bound to provide an annual increment for 2019 of 5%” is
misconceived. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PWS at paras 181–186.

Findings

132 In respect of the scope of CSAPL’s obligation under cl 6.2, I find that
CSAPL is not obligated to review Mr Jagetia’s Annual Benefits Package. The
express wording of cl 6.2 clearly defines that the review and any revision is
in respect of the “Gross Base Salary” and “STI” only. In that regard, even if
(as I found) Mr Jagetia’s compensation package is to be considered as a whole
(ie, Gross Annual Base Salary, STI and Annual Benefits Package), this does not
ipso facto mean that the obligation to review the compensation under cl 6.2
extends to reviewing the Annual Benefits Package as well.

133 In respect of the Gross Annual Base Salary, I find that Mr Jagetia has not
proved on a balance of probabilities that a 4% increment would restore him to
the position he would be in had CSAPL reviewed his Gross Annual Base Salary.
Unlike Transco, which involved some 75 employees, the present case involves
the potential increment of only a handful of employees at some of the highest
levels of management. Thus, quite apart from the case in Transco, I am not
satisfied that Mr Jagetia was capriciously singled out by CSAPL such that only
he was not entitled to an increment. Upon a review of Mr Jagetia’s Gross
Annual Base Salary, CSAPL could have reasonably awarded him an increment of
less than 4% or none at all, without capriciously singling him out.

134 On the contrary, even on Mr Jagetia’s own evidence, it is evident that
other employees in CIPL holding senior management positions such as the Vice
President of Corporate Affairs, Director of Business Development and Director
of Legal were not offered any increment. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PJKA Exhibit PJK-151 at p 1536.

The evidence thus does not go so far as to demonstrate that Mr Jagetia must be
awarded an increment, failing which it may be said that he was singled out
capriciously. In any case, it is unclear why any increment to which Mr Jagetia
is entitled must be the average of the increments offered to the CIPL and GBPL
MDs without more. Indeed, Mr Jagetia’s own inconsistent case on the increment
he would have been offered following a review (about 5% in his pleaded case
and 4% in his closing submissions) suggests the uncertainty of the damage he
suffered as a result of the breach of cl 6.2.

135 Accordingly, I dismiss Mr Jagetia’s pleaded claim for a 5% increment and
reject his argument for a 4% increment of the Annual Benefits Package and the
Gross Annual Salary.

Whether Mr Jagetia is entitled to salary in lieu of notice

The parties’ positions

136 CSAPL’s position is that it was entitled to terminate Mr Jagetia’s
employment under cl 11.5 of the CSAPL SVP Contract. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PWS at para 171.

CSAPL argues that given the phrasing of cl 11.5 (ie, “[i]n case of breach of
this contract”), “any breach of the [CSAPL SVP Contract]” [emphasis in
original] is “sufficient to entitle [CSAPL] to exercise its right of
termination”.

137 According to CSAPL, Mr Jagetia’s “various breaches” which entitled it to
terminate the CSAPL SVP Contract are as follows: (a) breach of the Relocation
Obligation; (b) breach of cl 2.2 of the CSAPL SVP Contract by refusing to
report to CSAPL’s board on all matters concerning the Rabobank Loan Facility,
including lying about the same as Mr Stollberg alleges; (c) breach of cl 2.2
of the CSAPL SVP Contract by blatantly disregarding the board’s instructions;
and (d) breach of cl 5.1 by spending more than some of his working time to
further the interest of CSAPLH, based on his work calendar. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PWS at paras 172–180, 78–95, 25–35, and 32–34; TLSA Exhibit TLS-120 at pp
1723–1789.

138 Mr Jagetia’s position is that CSAPL is not entitled to rely on cl 11.5 to
dismiss him. Clause 11.5 must be interpreted to apply to repudiatory breach
only. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PWS at paras 171–172.

In any event, Mr Jagetia denies the alleged breaches. As such, in lieu of
three months’ notice, he is entitled to three months’ salary under cl 11.4.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DWS at para 124.

Findings

139 The crux of the issue is thus whether CSAPL is entitled to rely on cl 11.5
to terminate Mr Jagetia for breach of the CSAPL SVP Contract. The factual
circumstances surrounding Mr Jagetia’s termination have been set out earlier
and will not be repeated here. However, it is worth mentioning at the outset
that Mr Jagetia’s position that he was being punished for the Collateral
Purposes is not determinative of the issue.

140 I am wholly unconvinced by CSAPL’s submission that cl 11.5 of the CSAPL
SVP Contract entitles it to terminate the same on any breach. While the phrase
“including gross non-fulfilment of duties” may suggest that it is “not limited
to gross non-fulfilment of duties” [emphasis in original] as CSAPL contends,
such a phrase clearly does not go so far as to suggest that any breach would
entitle CSAPL to terminate the CSAPL SVP Contract under cl 11.5.

141 On the contrary, it is trite that not every breach of contract entitles
the innocent party to terminate the contract. Even where a term in the
contract expressly provides that “any breach” would entitle a party to
terminate the contract at hand, such a phrase has been interpreted to mean
“any repudiatory breach” where the contract concerns a “myriad of obligations
of differing importance and varying frequency” (Rice v Great Yarmouth Borough
Council [2000] All ER (D) 902 at [18] and [24]; Dominion Corporate Trustees
Ltd and others v Debenhams Properties Ltd [2010] EWHC 1193 at [25] and [32]).
This is because to read “any breach” literally flies in the face of commercial
and business common sense.

142 In RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2007]
4 SLR(R) 413 (“RDC Concrete”), the Court of Appeal set out four situations
which would amount to a repudiatory breach:

(a) Situation 1: where the contract clearly and unambiguously states that in
the event of a certain event or events occurring, the innocent party will be
entitled to terminate the contract (at [91]);

(b) Situation 2: where a party, by his words or conduct, simply renounces his
contract inasmuch as he clearly conveys to the other party to the contract
that he will not perform his contractual obligations at all (at [93]);

(c) Situation 3(a): the condition/warranty approach where the focus is on the
nature of the term breached and, in particular, whether the intention of the
parties to the contract was to designate that term as one that is so important
that any breach, regardless of the actual consequences of such a breach, would
entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract (at [97]); and

(d) Situation 3(b): where the focus is on the nature and consequences of the
breach, in particular, where the breach in question will give rise to an event
which will deprive the innocent party of substantially the whole benefit which
it was intended that he should obtain from the contract (at [99]).

143 Turning to the four alleged breaches now relied on by CSAPL, I agree with
Mr Jagetia’s position that only the justification put forth by CSAPL at the
material time would be relevant to the inquiry of whether CSAPL was entitled
to so terminate him under cl 11.5. Lying and subordination were not among the
reasons that the CSAPL board had actually put forth at the board meeting on 26
June 2019 (see [30] above). It would be incorrect to consider these belated
grounds that surfaced after the CSAPL board had already come to its decision,
because they could not possibly have been part of the actual reasons for which
CSAPL terminated Mr Jagetia’s employment.

144 I turn to the four grounds which were raised in the board meeting on 26
June 2019, upon which the CSAPL board resolved to terminate Mr Jagetia’s
employment as SVP (see [30] above). In this regard, I have already found that
there is no Relocation Obligation under the CSAPL SVP Contract and that the
purpose of the Annual Benefits Package is not remuneration for the fulfilment
of any Relocation Obligation. This deals with two of the grounds. I turn now
to deal with the two remaining grounds (which are also allegations CSAPL now
relies on). First, that Mr Jagetia breached cl 2.2 by refusing to answer the
CSAPL board. Second, that Mr Jagetia failed to devote most of his working
capacity to CSAPL in breach of cl 5.1.

145 In my judgment, the incidents which the CSAPL board relies on (ie, the
discussion over the Rabobank Loan Facility at the board meeting on 7 February
2019 and, allegedly, correspondence over e-mail) do not amount to repudiatory
breach within Situations 1–3(b) of RDC Concrete. In that regard, cl 2.2
provides that Mr Jagetia “will report to the Board of CSAPL with daily
oversight by Executive Vice President, Asia” [emphasis in original] (see [10]
above). On the evidence before me, it is not the case that Mr Jagetia failed
to report to the CSAPL board. Indeed, the minutes of the board meeting on 7
February 2019 state: 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

4AB at p 1636.

… Mr Troels Libak Stollberg asked Mr Pawan Jagetia if the latest 2018 CSAPL
financial statement including of its subsidiaries have been provided to the
banks. Mr Pawan Jagetia said that he would not answer any more questions from
the board members, before he had legal advice if he had to answer questions
from the Board of every detail on his daily work. Mr Troels Libak Stollberg
pointed out that he was not asking for details on the daily work but very
specific on which banks Mr Pawan Jagetia has been in contact with regarding
the refinancing which material has been shared with these banks. Mr Pawan
Jagetia replied that he has already shared with the Board, why RABOBANK was
the most attractive bank to consider.

Mr Troels Libak Stollberg asked Mr Pawan Jagetia what the urgency is to push
for the loan refinancing. Mr Pawan Jagetia commented that we are incurring
100,000 USD extra interest per week under the CBAS loan facility as compared
to the more attractive rate from RABOBANK. …

Mr Peter Steenberg could not give Mr Pawan Jagetia mandate to continue
negotiation with RABOBANK before certain material was presented, discussed and
agreed to in the Board. This included the comparison between the current
facility and the one currently being proposed by RABOBANK in their draft term
sheet … Mr Pawan Jagetia agreed to prepare this material with the help from
the external counsel …

In conclusion … it was agreed that Mr Pawan Jagetia together with the legal
counsel should work on the internal lines preparing the legal and financial
material for the Board for the next meeting…

146 From the foregoing, it is plain that Mr Jagetia did not fail to report to
the board but rather insisted that he had “already shared with” the board
about the Rabobank Loan Facility. Also, Mr Jagetia continued to work with the
CSAPL board in respect of the Financing Efforts. After the meeting, Mr Jagetia
followed up with external counsel and reported back to the board on the same.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PKJA at paras 53–54.

In that regard, Mr Jagetia’s response in the midst of the heated exchange,
cannot be objectively construed to be a failure to report to the CSAPL board
in the totality of the circumstances. As such, Mr Jagetia’s conduct does not
fall within Situation 2, Situation 3(a) or Situation 3(b) in the RDC Concrete
framework. For completeness, Situation (1) plainly does not apply in the
present case since the CSAPL SVP Contract does not clearly and unambiguously
stipulate that the innocent party will be entitled to terminate the contract
upon a certain event occurring.

147 As regards the alleged breach of cl 5.1, the CSAPL board was of the view
that he was “devoting most of his time to further the interests of CSAPLH”
such as his involvement in a “potential investment” project as well as “being
named as the representative of CSAPLH as the claimant in the ongoing SIAC
arbitration commenced by CSAPLH against [CBAS]”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

4AB at p 1777.

In my judgment, such an assessment is not borne out by the objective
contemporary evidence before me. The CBAS nominated directors were aware of Mr
Jagetia’s role in the potential investment project as early as September 2018,
but did not raise an issue with the amount of time Mr Jagetia was spending on
such project at that material time. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PKJA Exhibit PKJ-145 at p 1450.

Furthermore, by the time Mr Jagetia received feedback from the board on his
SVP performance on 6 May 2019, the board would have been well aware of both
the arbitration proceedings. Nevertheless, the feedback did not mention that
the board considered Mr Jagetia’s conduct to be in breach of cl 5.1.

148 Accordingly, CSAPL is not entitled to rely on cl 11.5 to terminate Mr
Jagetia without notice. In this regard, Mr Stollberg agreed that if there were
no grounds to terminate Mr Jagetia under cl 11.5, he should have been served
with three months’ notice under cl 11.4. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript dated 13 September 2021 at p 151, line 8.

In lieu of such notice, Mr Jagetia is entitled to three months’ salary.

Conclusion

149 By the above, I dismiss CSAPL’s claim against Mr Jagetia in its entirety.

150 I allow Mr Jagetia’s counterclaim in part, as follows:

(a) S$5,000 in respect of the Repatriation Allowance;

(b) S$171,864.21 in respect of the 2018 CSAPL STI;

(c) S$114,800 for the CIPL STI; and

(d) S$102,500 in lieu of three months’ notice.

I dismiss Mr Jagetia’s counterclaim for the remainder of the Annual Benefits
Package and the annual increments.

151 On the sums awarded, I also award interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum
from the date of counterclaim to date of judgment. Parties shall submit their
costs submissions within two weeks.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Poon Guokun Nicholas and Tan Zhi Min Ashton (Breakpoint LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam and Lim Chong Hian (Withers KhattarWong LLP) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Apr 2022 (12:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

