Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION of the HIGH COURT

OF THE republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 5

Civil Appeal No 71 of 2021

Between

| Choo Cheng Tong Wilfred  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Phua Swee Khiang  
---|---  
(2)| Ding Pei Chai  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 678 of 2018

Between

| Choo Cheng Tong Wilfred  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Phua Swee Khiang  
---|---  
(2)| Ding Pei Chai  
  
… Defendants

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Legal Profession — Remuneration — Unauthorised person acting as advocate or
solicitor]

[Evidence — Presumptions — Presumption of fact in loans of money]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Choo Cheng Tong Wilfred

  
v

  

Phua Swee Khiang and another

[2022] SGHC(A) 5

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 71 of 2021  
Woo Bih Li JAD, Quentin Loh JAD and Chua Lee Ming J  
9 February 2022

9 February 2022

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal by the appellant (“Choo”) against the decision of the
trial judge (“the Judge”) dismissing his claim for fees for consultancy
services rendered to the two respondents (“Phua” and “Ding” respectively) over
various years from 2000 to 2018.

2 We note that Phua submits that the Judge found that Ding had agreed to be
responsible for any liability of Phua for Choo’s fees and that Choo had
accepted this novation. Phua also submits that Choo’s appeal does not
challenge this finding. Hence, there is no claim for money by Choo against
Phua in Choo’s appeal. Any such claim is against Ding only. Choo’s Reply at
[6] agrees with this. Yet this was not clarified by Choo in his Appellant’s
Case (“AC”) at the outset.

3 In any event, the AC has said that it is limited to certain points and
claims and we now address them.

4 One of the main rulings by the Judge was that in rendering his services,
Choo was acting as an advocate and solicitor in Singapore although he did not
hold a practising certificate for the period 1 April 2000 to 31 March 2006 and
from 1 April 2014 onwards. Under s 36(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2009 Rev Ed), Choo was precluded from claiming fees, charges, disbursements,
expenses and remuneration for services rendered during the relevant periods.

5 For the appeal, Choo argues that the Judge was wrong to rely on certain
tests in Turner (East Asia) Pte Ltd v Builders Federal (Hong Kong) Ltd and
another [1988] 1 SLR(R) 281 (“Turner”) to determine whether Choo was acting as
an advocate and solicitor in providing his services to the respondents. He
argues that in the light of political, economic and social changes in
Singapore since Turner, the Judge should have adopted a more restrictive
approach as set out in more recent English cases (“the Restrictive Approach”).
He argues that we should clarify the law in this regard. However, he
acknowledges that this argument was not made before the Judge.

6 Choo also submits that the Judge should not have applied the standard of a
balance of probabilities as the question whether Choo provided legal services
as an advocate and solicitor could have criminal consequences. Hence, the
Judge should have applied the criminal standard, ie, proof beyond reasonable
doubt. However, no authority was cited for this proposition. It is obvious to
us that one’s conduct may attract civil or criminal consequences. The burden
of proof remains different. The appeal arises from a civil claim brought by
Choo for his services and the usual standard of proof for a civil claim
applies.

7 As for the Restrictive Approach, we note that Choo did apply for the
transfer of his appeal to be heard by the Court of Appeal instead of the
Appellate Division of the High Court. One of his reasons was the argument we
have mentioned above. However, on 25 January 2022, Justice Andrew Phang
dismissed the application. He was of the view that the position in Singapore
is still as set out in Turner and the Restrictive Approach does not apply in
Singapore.

8 In any event, there is a more formidable obstacle in Choo’s way. Whether or
not the Restrictive Approach applies, the evidence before us showed that Choo
was approached for his legal expertise and he himself had described his
services as such. This was contrary to his allegation that he was engaged only
as a business consultant and he rendered his services accordingly. For
example, as the Judge found in an email dated 25 July 2001 to Phua, Choo
described his services as “legal services”, referred to the provision of his
“legal opinion” and described his fee as a “legal fee”. Various other
instances were mentioned by the Judge.

9 Indeed, Choo had to argue before us that not all his services were of a
legal nature as he had deep expertise in various industries including finance
and accounting, investment banking, trading, corporate regulations and
investigations, negotiations and project management. This was referred to as
his Skillset. The suggestion was that most of the services were not of a legal
nature. Hence, he argues that the Judge should have called for submissions on
how much work was customarily done by lawyers and how much was due to his
other expertise in his Skillset (see Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at para
23). However, the difficulty for Choo was that he had run his case below on
the basis that all his services were not of a legal nature. It is clear to us
that this was not true. It was for him to give evidence to draw a distinction
between the services he rendered of a legal nature and non-legal nature but he
did not seek to do so. It is too late to try and blame the Judge for not
calling for such submissions when the evidence was not adduced along such
lines. Hence, the late arguments about the tests and his Skillset must fail.

10 In so far as Choo argues that he was instructing other solicitors to act
for the respondents and this constitutes a novus actus interveniens, we reject
this argument. It is not uncommon for a solicitor to instruct other solicitors
to act for the same client. It is absurd to suggest that this per se would
mean that the person giving the instruction would necessarily not be acting as
a solicitor.

11 However, in so far as the Judge appeared to have given weight to the fact
that Choo had described himself as an advocate and solicitor in his name card
and that Choo had acknowledged that it was wrong to do so since he did not
have a practising certificate, we point out that actually the name card
referred to his position in ‘PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD”, which is a
stockbroking company, as a DEALING DIRECTOR” in capital letters. However, the
words “Advocate & Solicitor” were not all in capital letters. In our view,
there is nothing wrong in including one’s professional qualifications in this
manner since the card’s focus was on the stockbroking company. Indeed, other
educational and professional qualifications were also stated on the card. To
this extent, we disagree with the Judge that a natural reading of the name
card indicates that “Advocate & Solicitor” described Choo’s occupation at the
time. Nonetheless, the name card would have indicated that Choo had legal
expertise. The Judge was not plainly wrong in accepting this as a factor, with
many other pieces of evidence, leading to the conclusion that the respondents
engaged Choo to act as an advocate and solicitor, rather than in some non-
legal capacity.

12 In the course of the hearing before us, Choo informed us that he would not
proceed with other issues raised at the appeal if the court was not with him
on the question whether he was acting as an advocate and solicitor.
Accordingly, since we were not with him, that was the end of his appeal.

13 Therefore it is not necessary to address the other issues here except a
point of law we should clarify.

14 There was an issue whether the Judge had erred in concluding that Ding had
lent an aggregate sum of $24,000 to Choo. It was undisputed that Choo had
received the sum.

15 We note that in concluding that there was a loan from Ding to Choo, the
Judge relied on Power Solar System Co Ltd (in liquidation) v Suntech Power
Investment Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 233 (“Power”) at [103(d)] to infer that where a
payment is made, the court is entitled to infer that it was a loan in the
absence of circumstances justifying a presumption of advancement. Power relied
on Seldon v Davidson [1968] 1 WLR 1083 (“Seldon”). However, as explained in PT
Bayan Resources TBK and another v BCBC Singapore Pte Ltd and another [2019] 1
SLR 30 (at [140]-[144]), Seldon has been criticised. In that case, the
defendant did not admit that he had incurred a debt. He had only admitted
receiving a sum of money. Accordingly, it is still for a plaintiff to prove
the purpose of the payment. Nevertheless, even though a court is not entitled
to make the inference mentioned in Power, there was evidence for the Judge to
conclude that the sum was advanced by Ding as a loan. We say no more as Choo
has not pursued this issue for the reason stated above.

16 In the circumstances, we dismiss the appeal. Choo is to pay costs of
$45,000 each to Phua and Ding inclusive of disbursements. The usual
consequential orders apply.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| | | Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---|---|---  
Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court| | |   
  
Salem bin Mohamed Ibrahim, Charlene Wee Swee Ting and  
Hoon Wei Yang Benedict (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the applicant;  
Anselm Gonsalves (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Feb 2022 (15:51 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

