Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION of

  

the HIGH COURT OF THE republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 294

Suit No 415 of 2021

Between

Anpex Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

1\. Cheng Yong Sun

2\. Lee Chai Yun, Winnie

… Defendants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Anpex Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Cheng Yong Sun and another

[2022] SGHC 294

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 415 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
3, 20 October, 11 November 2022

25 November 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This judgment on costs concerns my decision in Anpex Pte Ltd v Cheng Yong
Sun and another [2022] SGHC 115 (the “Substantive Judgment”), delivered on 20
May 2022, in which I found for the plaintiff in that the first and second
defendants had conspired to misappropriate funds from the plaintiff, and
knowingly caused the plaintiff to lose $578,347.30. The first and second
defendants were thus jointly and severally liable to compensate the plaintiff
for the sum of $578,347.30. The trial proceeded only against the second
defendant because the first defendant has had judgment entered against him,
and had since been made a bankrupt.

2 The plaintiff is seeking costs against the second defendant. Throughout the
proceedings, the second defendant was legally aided. Pursuant to s 12(4)(c) of
the Legal Aid and Advice Act (Cap 160, 2014 Rev Ed) (the “Act”), where a
litigant is legally aided, he or she is generally not liable for costs to any
other party in the proceedings for which he or she is legally aided.

3 However, Mr Farhan Tyebally (“Mr Tyebally”), counsel for the plaintiff,
submitted that the second defendant had acted improperly in defending the
legal proceedings and in the conduct of these proceedings. Counsel argued that
although the second defendant’s defence was that the first defendant had lied
to her about the nature of the transactions, she did not call the first
defendant to corroborate her version of events. He says that since the
plaintiff succeeded in its claim against the first and second defendants for
unlawful means of conspiracy, her claim after the event that she was the
unwitting accomplice should be dismissed. In support of its position that the
second defendant should be liable to pay costs despite being legally aided, Mr
Tyebally referred me to ss 14(1)(c) and 14(3) of the Act, which states:

14.–(1) Where it appears to a court that any of the circumstances mentioned in
subsection (3) exists in relation to an aided person, the court may order the
aided person to pay the costs of all or any of the following persons:

…

(c) the other party.

…

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1), the circumstances are as follows:

(a) the Grant of Aid issued to the aided person has been obtained by fraud or
misrepresentation;

(b) the aided person acted improperly in bringing or defending any legal
proceedings, or in the conduct of those proceedings.

4 In my view, that the second defendant’s defence failed, is not in itself,
evidence of misconduct. There must be evidence, of which there is not, that
the defendant conducted her defence in a way that a reasonable defendant would
not. In this case, all she said was that she did not know that the plaintiff
had misappropriated the plaintiff’s money, and also that the largesse she
enjoyed was paid from her own money. I disbelieved her for the reasons set out
in the Substantive Judgment. If a legally aided person is to be found in
breach of s 14(3)(b) merely because her defence failed, then every plaintiff
who succeeds against a legally aided defendant would be entitled to costs.
That cannot be so. I thus find that the plaintiff has not discharged its
burden in proving that s 14(3)(b) of the Act is satisfied.

5 There was however, also a possibility that s 14(3)(a) of the Act was
satisfied. I had previously found in the Substantive Judgment that the first
and second defendant misappropriated a total of $578,347.30 from the
plaintiff. The second defendant likely had a substantial sum of monies in her
bank account, and there was evidence that from August to October 2020, she
made several large purchases of jewellery, cosmetic products and beauty
services. In the circumstances, there was thus a possibility that she had also
obtained legal aid by fraud or misrepresentation, satisfying s 14(3)(a) of the
Act. I asked for evidence of how legal aid was applied and approved.

6 Ms Suriakumari Sidambaram (“Ms Sidambaram”), an Assistant Director of Legal
Aid from the Legal Aid Bureau (“LAB”), helpfully filed an affidavit explaining
the criteria for means-testing and the second defendant’s legal aid
application. In particular, Ms Sidambaram confirmed that at the time the
second defendant applied for legal aid in May 2021, the second defendant met
the criteria as her savings and non-CPF investments were $10,000 or lower, and
that she did not own any other property besides her HDB flat. Ms Sidambaram
also stated that the second defendant was not asked to furnish her bank
statements prior to April 2021, as a legal aid applicant’s wealth is
determined at the point of application for legal aid. There was also no reason
to suspect that she earned a salary above what was declared in her CPF
statements. LAB also did not have any information that the second defendant
was concealing assets.

7 From the evidence, I am satisfied that the second defendant was technically
entitled to legal aid at the material time. While the second defendant might
have had more monies in her bank account at an earlier time, she likely had
spent it all by the time that she made her application for legal aid in May
2021, as evidenced by her large purchases from August to October 2020. This
did not exclude her from legal aid, as only her bank statements prior to the
month of her application were required to be furnished for her application for
legal aid.

8 In the circumstances, there is no reason for me to make an order that the
second defendant, who is legally aided, should pay costs to the plaintiff. The
plaintiff’s application for costs is dismissed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Farhan Tyebally (Gomez & Vasu LLC) for the plaintiff;  
First defendant absent and unrepresented;  
Ng Boon Gan (VanillaLaw LLC) for the second defendant;  
Sheela Kumari Devi and Suriakumari Sidambaram (Legal Aid Bureau) for the third
party (watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Nov 2022 (12:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

