Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 3

Divorce (Transferred) No 1639 of 2019

Between

CLB  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

CLC  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law — Child — Involvement in court proceedings]

[Family Law — Child — Maintenance of child]

[Family Law — Custody — Access]

[Family Law — Custody — Care and control]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CLB

  
v

  

CLC

[2022] SGHCF 3

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred)
No 1639 of 2019  
Debbie Ong J  
1 December 2021, 3 January 2022

21 January 2022

Debbie Ong J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (the “Father”) and the defendant (the “Mother”) were married
on 15 September 2003. There are two children of the marriage – [B] and [C],
who will respectively turn 17 and 15 years old in 2022. The Interim Judgment
of Divorce (“IJ”) was granted on 26 July 2019.

2 The ancillary matters (the “AM”) have been bifurcated. These are the grounds
of my decision pertaining to the issues of custody, care and control, access,
and maintenance; the decision in respect of the division of matrimonial assets
has earlier been delivered. I heard parties on the issues of custody, care and
control, access, and maintenance on 1 December 2021. Pursuant to my directions
at the hearing, the parties submitted a letter to court with their table of
positions on custody, care and control and access, as well as maintenance for
the children, on 17 December 2021 (the “Table”). This Table was useful,
especially as the parties sought rather detailed orders in respect of the
sharing of time with the children.

Custody

3 The parties agreed to have joint custody of both children. I ordered that by
consent of the parties, both parents shall have joint custody of [B] and [C].

Care and control

Father’s submissions

4 The Father sought shared care and control (with residence predominantly with
the Mother), because the children “ought to know that he shares an equal
status with the [Mother]”. He submitted that this is “analogous to the
rationale for joint custody orders”.

5 The Father also sought an order that a counsellor or facilitator be
appointed, in order to (a) assist in facilitation of physical meetings between
the Father and the children; (b) intervene without the necessity for
application or contact between the parties if there are difficulties in
carrying out the court orders; and (c) to provide counselling for the children
and/or the Mother, as the counsellor may recommend.

Mother’s submissions

6 The Mother sought sole care and control of the children. She submitted that
the Father still had difficulties communicating and interacting with the
children, and on the Father’s own account, a third party agency would be
required to facilitate the Father’s time with the children. She submitted that
given these challenges in his relationship with the children, it would not be
feasible for them to be cared for by the Father for half the week.

Decision on care and control

7 In my view, the Father’s rationale for shared care and control was
misconceived. The joint custody order already made it clear that both parties
are “equals” as parents and both have equal parental responsibility (and
authority) over important matters concerning their children. The care and
control and access orders relate largely to the practical day-to-day care and
living arrangements of the children, and are not a description of the “status”
or the quality of the parenting.

8 Based on the submissions and affidavits, it was apparent that the Father
required guidance and facilitation for his access with the children, and that
the facilitation in the past had been helpful. While I thought that the Father
should be supported to rebuild his relationship with the children through the
appointment of a counsellor or facilitator, given these difficulties, I did
not think a shared care and control order would be workable or appropriate.

9 I ordered that the Mother shall have sole care and control of the children.
The Father would have reasonable day access with the children at least once a
week. Access was to be arranged in an incremental way in terms of frequency
and duration. I expect the parents to work progressively over time towards a
routine where there will be more than one access session in a week – it may be
that in certain months, the children will have a lighter schedule than in
other months and can have access more than once a week then. I ordered that
the Father may have a facilitator to assist with the access between him and
the children – I left the choice of facilitator to be worked out by both
parents together with the Family Court Specialists from the FJC’s Counselling
and Psychological Services (“CAPS”).

10 I also ordered that overnight access would begin six months from the date
of this order (I will elaborate on this below). However, if the children are
ready for overnight access even before this point, this may take place.

11 These were interim access orders. I ordered a review to be fixed after six
months (the “Review”), where the issue of day and overnight access will be
considered.

Access

Weekly and overnight access

12 The Father said that he saw the children about once every two weeks, for no
more than three hours each time. The Father proposed that he should have time
with the children twice a week, whether together or separately, with one day
on a weekend for longer hours. He proposed that a weekday meeting should be
three hours long while a weekend meeting should be eight hours long. Once
overnight access was in place, access could take place once a week. He
submitted that access should be arranged through a facilitator, at least for
six months following the adjudication, such that a person from the Divorce
Support Specialist Agencies (“DSSA”) or CAPS could ensure compliance. He
submitted that the weekday routine meetings ought to be fixed so that the
children could plan their other activities around their meetings with him.

13 The Mother proposed that, until the Father’s overnight access commenced, he
should have dinner with the children from 5.30pm to 7.30pm, or any timings as
mutually agreed between him and the children, during the following time
periods:

(a) once every fortnight during the children’s school terms;

(b) on a weekly basis during the children’s school holidays in June and
December while travelling is restricted by the Singapore Government; and

(c) when the Singapore Government allows overseas travelling, the Father shall
have weekly dinners with the children in the first half of their school
holidays in June and December of even years from the year of 2022, and in the
second half of the children’s school holidays in June and December of odd
years, from the year of 2021.

14 As for overnight access, I noted that both parties agreed that the Father
shall have overnight access from Friday 6pm to Saturday 6pm or from Saturday
6pm to Sunday 6pm – however, the Mother wanted this to commence from December
2022 while the Father wanted it to start immediately. According to the Mother,
overnight access should only commence from December 2022 to give the Father
and children more time to rebuild their relationship – if, however, their
relationship did improve before December 2022, the Mother was open to the
children staying overnight at the Father’s home from an earlier period as long
as the children and Father were agreeable. The Mother also said that she did
not wish to be involved in the Father’s access to the children as the parties
had a painful history with each other. She was agreeable, however, to a
neutral third party facilitating the access with the Father for at least the
next six months.

15 Based on the Father’s affidavit, his relationship with the children had
improved since November 2020, and they had begun visiting his home as well as
meeting at restaurants in their fortnightly sessions with him. The Father
said, however, that his primary concern was the absence of some support
structure to ensure continuity of time with the children to improve their
relationship.

16 In my view, given the Father’s own account of his present relationship with
the children, weekly overnight access (as agreed by both parties) should not
be ordered to commence immediately – the Father should be given more time to
work on his relationship with the children, with the support of the
facilitator. I ordered that the Father should start to have weekly overnight
access after six months from the date of this order, from Saturdays at 6pm to
Sundays at 6pm. In the meantime, he should continue with the access I have
ordered above (see [9]–[11]) with the goal of reaching a comfortable place
where the children can have regular overnight access. As I have stated above,
a Review will be fixed after six months from this date of this decision.

School holiday access

17 I noted that both parents agreed that the Father shall have the following
school holiday access:

(a) March/September holidays: four consecutive overnight access from the
weekend at the beginning of these holidays during even years and at the end of
the said holidays during odd years.

(b) June/December holidays: Uninterrupted access to the children during the
first half of the said holidays during even years and at the second half of
the said holidays during odd years.

(c) The Father’s access shall be based on half of the total number of days of
the said school holiday as stipulated by the Ministry of Education (“MOE”).
The first day of access shall commence at 9am and access shall conclude on the
last day at 9pm.

(d) The Mother shall provide the Father with the children’s Singapore
passports at the commencement of the Father’s school holiday access. Upon the
conclusion of the Father’s school holiday access, the Father will return the
children’s Singapore passports to the Mother.

18 I also noted that the Father sought a clarification that “uninterrupted”
access meant overnight access as well. I understood from the Mother’s counsel
at the hearing that, as the Mother was only comfortable with overnight access
to the Father from December 2022, this meant that until then, the Father would
only have day access during the school holidays. I ordered that the proposal
at [17] was to be implemented with effect from the date of this decision,
subject to my order on overnight access above at [16].

Chinese New Year

19 For Chinese New Year (“CNY”), the Mother proposed that:

(a) the children shall spend every CNY Eve and the first day of CNY with the
Mother.

(b) the Father shall have access to the children on the second day of CNY,
from 11am to 8pm or such time as the children may mutually agree with the
Father.

20 The Father agreed with this proposal, but he also sought overnight access
on the second day of CNY.

21 Based on the parties’ agreement, I ordered that the arrangement at [19] was
to be implemented, subject to my order on overnight access above at [16].

Special days access

22 The Father proposed that the children spend time with each parent on their
respective birthdays. For the children’s birthdays, if the Father’s routine
meeting with the child was fixed for that day, then the Mother should have
time to share a meal with the child. Conversely, if their birthdays fell on a
non-meeting day for the Father, he should be provided with three hours to have
a meal with the child. The Mother did not state her position on this in the
Table.

23 In my view, the Father’s proposal was reasonable as it allowed both parents
to spend time with the children on their birthdays. I made the order sought by
the Father in [22].

Public holidays (other than Chinese New Year)

24 The Father proposed that public holidays were to be split between the
parties on an alternate basis unless expressly agreed (ie CNY was expressly
excluded), and that access should be from 6pm on the eve of the public holiday
to 6pm on the day of the public holiday. The Mother did not state her position
on this in the Table.

25 I noted that the Father’s proposal would entail overnight access on the
night before the public holiday and it was hence affected by my order on
overnight access. In my view, public holiday access (other than CNY) should
follow the usual weekly arrangements in order to minimise any potential
dispute between the parties about what constitutes an “alternate” public
holiday (eg if there is a two-day public holiday). Further, the Father’s day
access was not fixed on a particular day of the week, and it was possible for
him and the children to enjoy a longer and more leisurely access time when
there was a public holiday in that week (eg on the eve of or on the public
holiday itself). I ordered that, apart from CNY and the arrangements for
school holiday access, public holiday access would follow the access
arrangements at [9]–[11] above (which remained subject to a Review to be fixed
after six months). To be clear, I ordered that the school holiday access
arrangements would prevail even if any public holiday (apart from CNY) fell
within the school holidays.

Overseas access

26 The Father proposed that either parent be at liberty to bring the children
out of Singapore during the school holidays, provided that precautions and
insurance arrangements be taken in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. The non-
travelling parent should be provided with telephone and video access during
the travel period, as well as the travel and hotel itinerary at least a month
prior to the travel. The children were to handle their own passports, and each
parent was to bear all expenses of the trip without any claim from the non-
travelling parent. He also wished to bring the children for ad-hoc trips eg to
Batam or Malaysia during his time with them, and sought an order that the
children’s Singapore passports be with the children.

27 The Mother did not state her position on overseas travel in the Table. In
my view, the Father’s proposal that the parties be allowed to bring the
children for overseas travel, as well as his proposal that the non-travelling
parent be provided with telephone/video access during the travel period and
one-month notice of the trip, was reasonable. However, I clarified that, by
default, the Mother would hold the passports of the children as she was the
parent with sole care and control. Thus, the children’s passports would remain
with the Mother, unless there was a trip scheduled with the Father for which
the children would need to bring along their passports, in which case the
Mother should provide the children’s passports to the Father. It was not
entirely clear what the Father meant by “ad-hoc trips” – in my view, there
still had to be notice given to the Mother as long as the Father intended to
bring the children out of Singapore (even if it was to Batam or Malaysia).
With these considerations in mind, my orders on overseas access were as
follows:

(a) Each parent is at liberty to bring the children out of Singapore during
the school holidays, with appropriate precautions and insurance arrangements
in view of the pandemic.

(b) The non-travelling parent should be provided with telephone and video
access during the travel period and the travel and hotel itinerary at least
one month prior to the travel.

(c) The travelling parent is to bear all the expenses of the trip without any
claim from the non-travelling parent.

Mother’s general access terms

Liaising with and meeting the children

28 First, both parties agreed that the Father shall liaise with the children
directly on their availability and location of the Father’s access to the
children. I ordered this by consent of the parties.

29 Second, both parties also agreed that the Father shall create a WhatsApp
group chat between himself and the children and he shall liaise with the
children from the said chat – save that the Father wanted this chat to include
the facilitator. I thought it would be helpful for the Father to have
assistance from the facilitator in his communications with the children, and
hence, to be clear, I ordered that the Father may include the facilitator in
the chat. My view that this was helpful was consistent with the contents of
the report from Fei Yue Child Protection Specialist Centre and the Father’s
own affidavit.

30 Third, both parties agreed that the Father shall be at liberty to change
the dates and timings for his access or see the children more often, so long
as both children are agreeable to meet with the Father. I ordered this, by
parties’ consent, so that parties had clarity in respect of this issue. I
noted that the Father said that this did not mean the children were at liberty
to refuse time with him. His counsel had also explained during the hearing
that the Father did not want the children to “call the shots” on spending time
with him, nor did the Father want to breed any resentment by insisting that
the children spend time with him. This concern was also reflected in the
Father’s affidavit. I acknowledged the Father’s concern about wanting to
preserve his time with the children, and I understand that this arises out of
his love for them and his desire to rebuild his relationship with them.
However, I encouraged him to consider, with the aid of the facilitator, how
best to achieve this in his interactions with both children. The Father must
remember that the children are both teenagers now, with independent
preferences, schedules and obligations. He has to be understanding of the
competing needs affecting their time and have realistic expectations about
rebuilding their relationship, especially given the children’s increasing
autonomy at this stage in their lives.

31 Fourth, the Mother proposed that the Father shall not pick up or fetch the
children from their home before and after the Father’s access to the children
– instead, the Mother shall provide the children with monies to enable them to
take a private car or taxi. The Father did not agree. He proposed that he may
pick up or return the children from where they live, though he agreed that
there was to be no interaction between the parents on such occasions. In my
view, the Father’s proposal was more reasonable – while the Mother had
indicated her desire not to interact with the Father, this did not mean he
should be prohibited from picking up or dropping off the children at their
address. The Father may pick up or return the children from where they live.

32 Fifth, both parties agreed that they “shall not be involved or interfere in
the arrangements and parties’ respective time with the [c]hildren. Parties
shall not contact each other regarding parties’ respective time with the
[c]hildren save for any emergencies in relation to the [c]hildren”. I ordered
this by the parties’ consent.

33 Finally, parties agreed that the Father’s access to the children shall be
with both children at all times, unless either child agrees to spend time
alone with the Father. I ordered this, by the parties’ consent. I noted that
the Father said this was subject to him not being deprived of time because one
child was busy with activities – in this regard, I reiterate my comments at
[30] above.

Counselling

34 The Mother proposed that if the Father desired counselling between him and
the children, he should first ask both children if they would like to attend
counselling. Only if both children were agreeable to the counselling should
the Father then arrange for the same, and he would solely bear the costs of
the counselling sessions. The Mother submitted that she should not be involved
in any counselling sessions between the Father and children. The Father
proposed that there be intervention by the counsellor in the event of
difficulties in the implementation of the court’s orders; that counselling not
be subject to the children’s agreement; that the counsellor (if appointed by
the Father) was to follow the case and be paid for by the Father; that the
Father was agreeable to the counsellor being appointed by the court; and that
the counsellor may report to the court if so ordered.

35 I declined to make this order. I noted that in the Father’s own affidavit,
he highlighted that he and the children had attended therapeutic counselling
under the District Judge’s orders of 5 March 2020, but only under the
supervision of the Child Protective Service in November 2020 was there an
improvement in his relationship with the children. I also noted the Mother’s
concern about counselling fatigue. In my view, the Father ought to work
together with the facilitator first and consider what progress was made in his
relationship with the children. The facilitator would also be better placed to
assess and recommend whether counselling is necessary further down the road,
and how (and whether) to engage the children in such counselling.

No negative influence

36 The Father sought an order that neither parent shall negatively influence
the children in respect of the other parent and submitted that the prohibition
against such negative influence should be observed by other members of the
parents’ household, including the defendant’s mother, any domestic helpers and
“any further partners” of either party. He suggested that both parents could
speak about the other parent if the communication was a positive one and/or
was to encourage the children to build their relationship with the other
parent.

37 I declined to make such an order. First, I made clear that regardless of
whether I made this order, this is the expectation of the law. Parental
responsibility includes supporting the children’s relationships with both
parents, instead of negatively influencing the children in respect of the
other parent. Further, this proposed order purported to bind third parties who
were not parties to these proceedings, including “further partners” of either
party. While the Father’s counsel said at the hearing that he could remove the
defendant’s mother from this list, this did not address the broad scope of
“other members of the parents’ household”, and even including “further
partners” – people who may not be in the parties’ lives yet. I did not think
making such a specific order was helpful, but I did emphasise that it is
expected of parents to support a positive relationship with the other parent.

Children’s involvement in proceedings

38 Both parties agreed that parties were not to speak to the children about
the court proceedings or speak about the court proceedings in the presence of
the children. I made this order, by the consent of the parties. I noted that
the Father said that such communications may be made by the court, facilitator
or counsellor. I did not think the court needed to make an order to preserve
its own discretion.

39 Both parties also agreed that the parties were not to speak poorly of the
other parent to the children or in their presence. This appeared quite similar
to the order sought by the Father in [36] above and I declined to make this
order (notwithstanding the parties’ agreement). This is an expectation of the
law and the parties should certainly not speak poorly of each other in the
children’s presence, but making this a specific order could potentially cause
parties to be overly and unnecessarily focused on what the other parent may
have said to the children that is linked to him or her.

40 Finally, the Mother proposed an order that the parties were not to
photograph, document or record videos and/or audio recordings of the children
for the purposes of use or reference in court. The Father disagreed – he said
that the court cannot be deprived of material evidence if this became
necessary in the future, and that he would inform the children of the use of
such materials if it becomes necessary.

41 As I had observed at the hearing, such photographs and videos are not
always of assistance to the court – they may capture a moment (or several
moments) in time during that parent’s interaction with the child, but they do
not capture the events and interactions leading up to that moment (or after).
Such evidence may be relevant, yet it may have weight that is
disproportionately prejudicial to its relevance. Further, allowing the parties
to photograph and document their interactions with the children may also be
detrimental to the children’s relationship with their parents, especially if
the children are aware that they are being filmed or photographed by that
parent to be “used” as evidence in court proceedings. Being filmed for
evidence is intrusive, which can potentially cause a sense of discomfort and
“unnaturalness”. It may also constitute a persistent reminder to the children
of their parents’ conflict, which will have an adverse impact on their
wellbeing. I also had concerns over the possible impact on the children in the
long term. When the children are grown and look back at how their past
behaviour, words and reactions captured as evidence were used by one parent
against the other, will feelings of guilt, self-blame and betrayal arise and
affect them in some way, as well as their relationships with each parent then?
I ordered that the parties were not to photograph, document or record videos
and/or audio recordings of the children for the purposes of use as evidence or
reference in court.

Other orders sought by the Father

42 The Father also sought several other orders.

43 First, the Father sought an order for therapeutic counselling for the
Father/children and/or the Mother. The Mother said that there should be no
additional counselling for her and the children. I declined to make an order
on this point, for the same reasons I have stated at [35] above.

44 Second, the Father sought an order for communication of the orders by the
court to the children, whether by CAPS or by DSSA. I declined to make such an
order. In so far as this order attempted to compel CAPS or DSSA to make such
communications to the children, I did not think it justified to encroach on
their discretion in this manner. In so far as the order suggested that CAPS or
DSSA may make such communications to the children, I reiterate my comments at
[38] above.

45 Third, the Father sought an order confirming that he had the ability to
contact the school to discuss the children’s progress and other matters, and
receive updates on the children’s results and performances. I did not think
such an order was necessary. As the parents share joint custody, the Father is
involved in decisions relating to the children, including their education.

46 Finally, the Father sought an order for future review of these arrangements
within three to six months’ time. In my view, such an order would be
beneficial to assess how the access arrangements were working, and to evaluate
whether any fine-tuning or adjustment is required. I have ordered above (at
[11]) that these arrangements are to be reviewed after six months from the
date of my order, and a report by the facilitator, if any, will be helpful to
the court.

Maintenance for the children

47 The Mother estimated [B]’s monthly expenses to be $3,870 and [C]’s monthly
expenses to be $3,600. The Mother sought monthly maintenance of $3,735 for the
children from the Father, with $1,935 for [B] and $1,800 for [C] – payment was
to be made on the first day of the month from the date of the Final Judgment
to the Mother’s bank account, and parties were to equally bear the costs of
the children’s insurance and tertiary education expenses. The Mother submitted
that the parties should also respect the children’s decision for their
respective choice of tertiary education and neither parent shall interfere in
the children’s decision. Additionally, the Mother sought an order for
maintenance to be backdated from April 2019 and to offset payments made by the
Father to the children from January 2020.

48 In the Table, the Father proposed the following:

(a) The Father will provide a weekly allowance of $80 per child, ie an
allowance of $320 per month, and pocket money of $10 per school day (which,
assuming 5 school days in a week, is $200 per month for pocket money). In
total, that would be an allowance/pocket money of $520 per month for each
child. The Father will make payment directly to the children’s respective bank
accounts on a weekly basis.

(b) The Father will make full payment for school expenses upon the Mother
providing receipts/invoices. These comprise:

(i) all school fees, private school bus fees, purchase of school uniforms,
school shoes and any other required clothing for school;

(ii) purchase of books and stationery up to a maximum of $300 annually;

(iii) all expenses incurred by the children on overseas school trips;

(iv) all expenses for the children’s mathematics and science tuition; and

(v) all sports related expenses, including equipment and required clothes.

(c) The Father will make full payment for the children’s handphone, computer
and IT accessories.

(i) The Father will liaise directly with the children on their respective
needs and purchase the items with the children.

(ii) If the items are needed urgently, the Mother is to buy the item and the
Father will reimburse her upon provision of the relevant receipts. A cloud
sharing system should be set up between the parties for the Mother to deposit
these receipts. Alternatively, the Mother should give the children the
receipts to pass to the Father during their access session.

(iii) The purchase of new handphones and laptops for each child shall be
limited to one item within a two-year period.

(d) The Father will equally split the costs of tertiary education with the
Mother. The Father will pay for [B]’s health insurance (including
hospitalisation insurance) while the Mother will pay for [C]’s health
insurance (including hospitalisation insurance). If either child is
hospitalised, the parents are to make equal contributions following the
deductions from the child’s respective medical insurance. As the Mother
receives $2,000/child per year for the child’s medical bill, and upon the
Mother’s production of the relevant receipt, the Father will pay half of each
child’s medical bill not covered by the Mother’s employment benefit.

(e) Maintenance for the children is to be backdated to 6 October 2020 and will
include the rental proceeds from the Niven Road Property.

49 Since the parties agreed to equally bear the costs of the children’s
tertiary education, I ordered that by consent of the parties, these costs be
borne equally between them. As for the children’s insurance, I noted that the
Father was not, in principle, opposed to bearing these costs equally, save
that he sought to pay solely for [B]’s health insurance and to take into
account insurance deductions/the Mother’s employment benefits. I ordered that
the children’s insurance expenses be borne equally between the parties, as
well as any outstanding healthcare costs incurred by the children after
insurance deductions/the parents’ employment benefits.

50 As for the remainder of the Father’s proposal on maintenance, I noted that
the Father did not deal with some of the other expenses listed in the Mother’s
submissions and her affidavit, eg tuition for non-mathematics and science
subjects like General Paper and Chinese, music lessons, and the children’s
share of the household expenses. Thus, while the Father had offered to solely
pay for some items, such as the children’s mathematics and science tuition and
the children’s handphone/computer/IT accessories, this would still leave the
Mother to bear most of the expenses for the children. For example, for [B],
the Mother would still have to pay for music lessons, tuition for General
Paper and Chinese, public transport, spectacles, musical instruments, [B]’s
share of the household expenses, etc.

51 I did not think the Mother’s proposal for the Father to pay $3,735 per
month (which was the total of half the expenses for each of the children
submitted by the Mother) was unreasonable in the circumstances, particularly
given the large resources at the Father’s disposal, and the needs of two
growing teenaged children. The children’s specific expenses would not remain
perfectly constant every month, and a “budget approach” was fair in the
circumstances, after assessing the reasonable monthly sum for their needs. The
Father should not feel that he needs to separately co-pay or directly pay for
various items of expenses in order for it to be clear that he is providing
equally for the children. By paying a monthly sum that is assessed to be half
of the children’s reasonable monthly expenses, it is clear that both parents
are equally maintaining the children. I ordered that the Father was to pay
$3,700 per month for the maintenance of the children (being $1,900 for [B] and
$1,800 for [C]). The maintenance was to be paid from the date of this order.

Costs

52 I ordered that the matter of costs shall be agreed between the parties, and
if not agreed, they were at liberty to write to the court for directions in
respect of costs. I encouraged parties to seriously consider the option of
bearing his or her own costs in respect of this AM matter.

Debbie Ong  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Chiok Beng Piow (AMLegal LLC) (instructed), Oei Ai Hoea Anna and Heng Chye
Ming Friedrich (Tan, Oei & Oei LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Yap Teong Liang and Tan Hui Qing (T L Yap Law Chambers LLC) (instructed), Lee
Yuan Yu and Chen Yiyang (Tan Kim Seng & Partners) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Jan 2022 (12:57 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

