Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 87

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No 14 of 2022

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

CTA

… Applicant

AND

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No 22 of 2022

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

CTB

… Applicant

AND

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No 23 of 2022

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

CTC

… Applicant

AND

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No 27 of 2022

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

CTD

… Applicant

AND

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No 29 of 2022

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

CTE

… Applicant

AND

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No 30 of 2022

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

CTF

… Applicant

grounds of decision

[Legal Profession — Admission]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re CTA and other matters

[2022] SGHC 87

General Division of the High Court — Admission of Advocates and Solicitors Nos
14, 22, 23, 27, 29 and 30 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
13 April 2022

18 April 2022.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 26 applications for admission to the Bar were fixed for hearing on 13 April
2022. Having fulfilled the requirements for admission, the applicants in 20 of
them were admitted with no objections from the Attorney General (“AG”), The
Law Society of Singapore (“LSS”), and the Singapore Institute of Legal
Education (“SILE”). The AG objected to the applications of the six applicants
(“the Applicants”) in the above-cited applications before me. The AG’s
objection was that the Applicants were not fit and proper persons to be
admitted to the Bar because they had cheated in what is known as the Part B of
the Singapore Bar Examinations. The examinations in question were held in
2020. The AG was of the view that the Applicants lacked honesty and integrity,
and should not be admitted to the Bar, at least not for a while, since it is
questionable whether they can presently swear the oath on admission which
requires them to declare that they will “truly and honestly conduct
[themselves] in the practice of an advocate and solicitor according to the
best of [their] knowledge and ability and according to law”.

2 Five of the six Applicants (“the Five”) communicated with each other and
shared answers in six of the papers, through WhatsApp. The remaining one (“the
One”) colluded with another examinee (“the other person”) and cheated in three
of the papers. That other person was not subject to any complaint as far as I
know. The One explained that her answers were the same as the other person
because they studied together and shared study notes. The SILE rejected her
explanation because her answers in the three papers were not just similar, but
contained the same pattern and errors. They were not just similar but the same
— warts and all. The SILE, however, gave her the benefit of the doubt in three
other papers.

3 The Five were required to re-take the examinations of the six papers that
they had cheated in. The One was required to re-take the entire Part B course,
by reason of the fact that, unlike the Five who admitted their conduct as soon
as the SILE began its inquiry, the One denied any wrongdoing and protested her
innocence. She filed an affidavit apologising for her conduct only on 11 April
2022, two days before the admission hearing. The Applicants had all since
passed the examinations required of them; but the odium of the misconduct
remained, for the time being.

4 When so many applicants cheated in a professional qualifying examination in
so many papers, including one for “Ethics and Professional Responsibility”,
then something is wrong somewhere. Many questions are raised, though I cannot
or need not, answer all of them here. Does the mode of present-day
examinations make it more conducive for cheating? Have the examinees cheated
because the modes of examinations in the law schools are similarly conducive
for cheating? In other words, is there a culture of cheating brewing in the
earlier stages of an applicant’s education? Furthermore, when a person cheats
in a course meant to instil ethics and professional conduct, it raises the
question, how is it that they had learnt so poorly from the course?

5 Dishonesty and lack of probity are not the only vices in question in this
matter. When a person resorts to cheating in an examination, it also reveals a
lack of diligence, and a propensity to take shortcuts — neither of which are
sound professional qualities.

6 A lawyer who has acted dishonestly will be disciplined according to the
disciplinary process under the Legal Profession Act 1966 (2020 Rev Ed). In the
more serious cases, the errant lawyer will have to face the Court of Three
Judges who will determine the punishment, including suspension or striking the
lawyer off the roll of advocates and solicitors. There are no provisions for
disciplinary action where a qualified person misconducts himself before he has
been admitted to the Bar, save that the High Court may at its discretion
refuse to admit the applicant.

7 In a profession in which every member must be like Caesar’s wife — beyond
reproach — dishonesty is a big problem. But it would also be harsh to have
one’s professional career ended before it has even begun. Whatever and
wherever the failings that might have led to this state of events presently
before me, it is imperative to sound the tocsin, not just to Part B examinees,
but to all law students, that this profession values honesty among the highest
virtues, and it is best to avoid stumbling on account of a lack of it from the
outset. That is to say, even lawyers in the embryonic stage — law students —
must be trustworthy.

8 That brings me to the Applicants here. Unlike advocates and solicitors in
practice, there is no disciplinary process for the qualifying applicant to the
Bar save the discretion of the court hearing the application for admission. Mr
Jeyendran, representing the AG proposed that the Five adjourn their
applications for six months, and the One, for 12. He submitted that this
proposal was not intended as a punishment, and he would be right because this
is not a disciplinary proceeding before me. Mr Jeyendran submitted that a
little more stretching of time for the Applicants to reflect on the error of
their ways would be beneficial to them, and to the profession. Mr Daniel,
counsel for the LSS, and Ms Dew Wong, counsel for the SILE, agree with Mr
Jeyendran, as do the Applicants.

9 Measuring justice is never an easy task. Judges are ever mindful not to set
standards that they themselves cannot achieve. They are loathe to shut the
door on a wrongdoer with no prospects of redemption. But they also have a duty
to prevent a repeat of the wrong, and to do so without breaking young backs in
the process. Most of the Applicants were trained in big and renowned firms,
including two foreign offshore firms here. All, save one, are presently
working as legal executives. I am therefore of the view that Mr Jeyendran’s
proposal is fair, and it appears to be the most viable option in the
circumstances. I, therefore, granted the adjournments sought. I am redacting
the names of the Applicants in the hope that they will not be prejudiced in
the long run. I am also directing that this file be sealed. But second chances
are for those who seize them. If ever they were to plead for a third, I wish
them good luck.

10 Future applicants must understand that ignorance or inadequate warning —
not that any warning for one to be honest is ever required — may not be prayed
in aid should a similar case come before the courts. Future cases may not be
redacted, and the applications may not just be adjourned for months — they may
be adjourned sine die, that is to say, without date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Jeyendran Jeyapal, Chong Yun Ling and Lim Toh Han (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for Attorney-General;  
Christopher Daniel and Davis Tan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for Law Society
of Singapore;  
Dew Wong for Singapore Institute of Legal Education;  
Lalita Chelliah for applicants in AAS 14, 22, 23, 29 and 30 of 2022;  
Cheryl Ng for applicant in AAS 27 of 2022.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 18 Apr 2022 (14:26 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

