Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 119

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9210 of 2021

Between

| Kuah Teck Hin  
---|---  
|  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Preventive Detention]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kuah Teck Hin

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 119

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9210 of 2021  
Vincent Hoong J  
20 May 2022

20 May 2022

Vincent Hoong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The appellant pleaded guilty to two counts of snatch theft under s 356 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). The offences were
committed 18 days apart. The female victims were almost 70 years old and had
their necklaces snatched from their necks. He was sentenced to nine years’
preventive detention (“PD”). The District Judge’s (“DJ”) grounds of decision
can be found in Public Prosecutor v Kuah Teck Hin [2021] SGDC 239 (“GD”).

2 He now appeals against his sentence and submits that a five-year
imprisonment term or corrective training would be appropriate. In support of
his submission, he has raised a number of points which I will deal with in
seriatim.

Sentencing Considerations

3 The sentencing considerations applicable to preventive detention were
reiterated by Sundaresh Menon CJ in Re Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh [2019] 5
SLR 1037 at [52]–[54]. It is well established that the foundation of the
sentence of PD is the need to protect the public. This is clear from the
wording of s 304(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) itself
which states that the court shall sentence the accused to PD if the court is
satisfied that “it is expedient for the protection of the public”.

4 Thus, if the individual offender is such a habitual offender whose situation
does not admit of the possibility of his reform, constituting a menace to the
public, a sentence of PD would be imposed on him for a substantial period of
time in order to protect the public. The court will look at the totality of
the offender’s previous convictions (see PP v Rosli bin Yassin [2013] 2 SLR
831 (“Rosli”) at [11]). Importantly, since a sentence of PD is underpinned by
the need to protect the public, it differs from a sentence of imprisonment and
different considerations may apply in determining the appropriate duration and
implementation of the sentence.

Appellant’s major depressive episode

5 I now turn to the appellant’s submissions. First, the appellant contends
that the DJ erred in failing to consider the appellant’s major depressive
episode (“MDE”) 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s submission (“AS”) at [13.1].

. In the court below, a Newton hearing was convened by the DJ to consider two
questions. The first being the nature of the appellant’s psychiatric condition
and whether it had contributed to the offences.

6 At the outset, it bears emphasis that when assessing the extent and nature
of an alleged contributory link between an offender’s mental condition and the
commission of the offences, the court invariably is required to consider the
expert opinion of a psychiatrist (see Ho Mei Xia Hannah v PP and another
matter [2019] 5 SLR 978 at [38] (“Hannah Ho”)). Where there is a conflict of
opinion between two psychiatrists, it falls to the court to decide which
opinion best accords with the factual circumstances, and is consistent with
common sense, objective experience, and an understanding of the human
condition (see Hannah Ho at [39]; Chong Yee Ka v PP [2017] 4 SLR 309 at [52]).

7 In the present case, the DJ had thoroughly examined the evidence of both
parties’ expert witnesses before concluding that the Prosecution expert’s (Dr
Christopher Cheok’s) assessment of the appellant’s psychiatric condition and
its contributory link (or lack thereof) to the offences was more reliable. I
see no reason to disturb his finding. In particular, the DJ directed his mind
to consider the reliability and objectivity of both expert witnesses. The DJ
had good grounds to doubt the reliability and objectivity of the Defence’s
expert witness, Dr Tommy Tan, who conceded during cross-examination that his
assessment appeared to be “lopsided” given the undue emphasis placed on the
appellant’s self-reporting and probably self-serving accounts. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

GD at [13].

In addition, Dr Tan had omitted crucial details concerning the appellant’s
high risk of reoffending in his report. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

GD at [15].

Moreover, Dr Tan’s diagnosis that the appellant suffered from persistent
depressive disorder was suspect as he had failed to take into account
important factors in his assessment 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at [16].

– a point which the appellant appears to have accepted, absent his contention
of this point at this appeal.

8 I also agree with the DJ that Dr Tan’s assessment that the appellant’s MDE
had a contributory link to his offending was flawed and plainly inconsistent
with the facts.

9 In order to determine whether the appellant’s mental condition contributed
to the commission of the offences, I find the four factors outlined by this
court in Hannah Ho at [59] to be a good starting point (of which the third and
fourth factors may be assessed together):

(a) Severity of the mental disorder: Dr Cheok did not expressly assign a label
to the severity of the appellant’s mental disorder. However, he noted that it
was not so severe as to impair the appellant’s judgment of the nature of his
acts or his ability to resist his actions. Conversely, Dr Tan assessed the
severity of the appellant’s MDE to be moderate. Notably, Dr Tan agreed with Dr
Cheok’s assessment that the appellant’s MDE was not so severe;

(b) Nature of the offender (eg, his past behaviour and conduct): The appellant
has a long history of past offending. However, both Dr Tan and Dr Cheok noted
that he had no past psychiatric history. It thus appears that the appellant’s
MDE did not have any contributory link to the present instances of offending;
and

(c) Manner and circumstances of the offending and the nature of the offence:
In this regard, Dr Cheok’s observations of the appellant’s offending are
apposite. I can do no better than to cite the DJ’s analysis: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD at [21].

“[Dr Cheok] explained that the two offences were ‘very goal directed’ and
comprised ‘very complex actions’ including choosing potential targets that
gave him the highest probability of success. He had aimed at the gold chain
and gold necklace worn by the victims, snatched them and made his escape. He
had then pawned both items almost immediately. These actions were not random,
accidental, and certainly not impulsive.” Based on the above analysis, the
appellant demonstrated that he was cognisant of the nature and wrongfulness of
his actions.

10 Further, the appellant’s submission that the DJ had given too much or undue
consideration to Defence counsel’s incorrect submission at the Newton hearing
that the appellant’s MDE had no contributory link to the offences because “he
was doing his first trial” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AS at [13.2].

is, with respect, devoid of merit. The DJ cannot be faulted for relying on the
very submissions made by the Defence at the hearing below. As I find that the
DJ rightly accepted Dr Cheok’s assessment that the appellant’s MDE had no
contributory link to his offending, the DJ was therefore correct in
disregarding his mental condition in determining the appropriate sentence to
impose.

Appellant stayed crime free for 10 years

11 Next, the appellant submits that he stayed crime free for 10 years between
1992 and 2002. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AS at [61].

In Rosli at [11], the Court of Appeal noted that the court will have to look
at the totality of the offender’s previous convictions in evaluating whether a
term of PD is warranted to protect the public. To this end, I agree with the
Prosecution that focusing purely on this crime free period completely
overlooks the appellant’s extensive criminal record, which includes two terms
of PD served in 1985 and 2010. Importantly, it neglects to take into account
the circumstances of the present set of offences.

Appellant’s remorse and plea of guilt

12 While I recognise that some credit may be given to the appellant for
pleading guilty and making restitution to the victims, this must be considered
in context of the observations made in the appellant’s PD report. It was
observed that the appellant presented with limited insight into the
consequences of his actions. Pertinently, when asked if he believed that he
harmed anyone in his offences, he opined that he had not harmed anyone as he
had “returned everything to everyone”. It was clear that the appellant did not
assume responsibility over his actions. His plea of guilt and any submission
of remorse must thus be viewed in this light.

Appellant’s personal circumstances

13 The appellant submits that the DJ had failed to appreciate the appellant’s
personal circumstances including his difficult childhood. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AS at [13.4] and [13.6].

As the appellant himself recognises, this can in no way be used as a
justification or an excuse for his criminal conduct. The appellant’s personal
circumstances are not new. Yet he has demonstrated no constructive way of
coping with his problems. In the absence of such coping mechanisms, he has a
clear propensity to commit further offences. The DJ was right not to accord
any weight to this factor.

Appellant’s familial, social and church support

14 The appellant contends that the DJ failed to consider the appellant’s
familial, social and church support. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AS at [13.7].

In spite of the appellant’s church community’s well-intentioned testimonies
asserting their belief in his amenability for reform, it is plain that they
were unable to stop him from reoffending upon his release from his second
stint in PD. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [45].

Seeing as their support was readily available to the appellant at the time of
his commission of the offences, it is certainly telling that this should not
be regarded as a significant protective factor.

15 Further, it is not evident from the appellant’s wife’s undertaking alone
that she would cease her ongoing relationship with a third party. This is
significant as the appellant has claimed that one of the main triggers behind
his criminal offending stemmed from his wife’s association with this third
party and her cohabitation with him. It is also relevant that the appellant
had entreated his wife to end her relationship with the third party on
multiple occasions with no success. Notably, her undertaking merely states
vaguely that she intends to look after the appellant and ensure that he stays
out of trouble. Therefore, it is unclear how, if at all, the appellant’s
wife’s support would serve as a protective factor.

Appellant’s age

16 The appellant argues that the DJ erred in not giving any or due
consideration to the fact that the appellant was 66 years of age and with nine
years of PD he would be 75 years old when released. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AS at [13.8].

Further, he submits that if he were to be sentenced to a term of five years’
imprisonment, he would be around 70 years old when released and by then he
would be too old and frail to be of any danger to the public. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AS at [21].

17 With respect, I am unable to accept this submission. I agree with the
Prosecution that an offender’s advanced age, in and of itself, does not mean
that a substantial sentence should be avoided. Moreover, as mentioned earlier,
in determining whether a term of PD is appropriate, it is the public interest
which retains primacy.

Cases cited on behalf of the appellant where some evidence of remorse or
inclination towards reform led to the courts not imposing PD

18 The appellant has cited a number of cases where he claims the court had
declined to impose a term of PD despite the preponderance of factors in favour
of such a sentence.

19 As observed by the DJ, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

GD at [49].

citing the Court of Appeal’s observations in Rosli at [21], the assessment of
whether a term of PD is warranted is an intensely fact-centric exercise and
relevant case law is more useful from the perspective of general principles as
opposed to the resolution of particular factual situations. There is clear
sense behind this observation. Whether PD is appropriate in any given case
involves an interplay of many different factors. No two offenders would
present with the same offending history, background, mental conditions, risk
factors and protective factors. I thus find these cases cited by the appellant
to be of little assistance.

Proportionality

20 Lastly, the appellant argues that given the aggravating and mitigating
factors present, he should be sentenced up to 16 months’ imprisonment for each
charge. Further, after taking into account his antecedents, the sentence
should be enhanced by two times, with the sentences to run consecutively. This
would bring the global sentence to 64 months’ imprisonment. Based on this
calculation, the appellant thus contends that a 9-year term of PD would be
disproportionate in comparison. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AS at [69]–[75].

21 With respect, I am of the view that the appellant’s submissions on
proportionality are wholly misconceived. In Sim Yeow Kee v PP and another
appeal [2016] SGHC 209 at [97], this court made clear that considerations of
proportionality would not apply rigorously in the context of PD. This is
because general deterrence and the social value in keeping a hardened criminal
out of circulation provide a legitimate basis and operative justification for
the application of this regime.

The public interest warrants the imposition of PD

22 In my view, there is an overwhelming sense that the appellant is a
recalcitrant offender incapable of reform who is a menace and danger to the
public. This is evidenced by his lengthy history of offending, the nature of
the present offences, as well as his blatant disregard for the law. It
suffices to note that over the course of 50 years, the appellant has been
faced with more than 100 charges. He was sentenced to two terms of PD, and yet
he continues to reoffend without compunction.

23 Indeed, the present set of offences were committed shortly after his
release from his second term of PD. Moreover, his 2010 PD sentence was for
offences including snatch theft, which is identical to the present set of
offences. This not only shows that the appellant has made no effort to change
for the better despite a lengthy term of PD, but also his utter contempt for
the law.

24 Further, the nature of the present offences was not trivial in the
slightest. The appellant targeted vulnerable elderly women and snatched gold
jewellery off their necks. It is purely fortuitous that no serious harm
resulted. The appellant evidently poses a danger to the public.

25 For these reasons, the appellant’s appeal against sentence is dismissed.

Vincent Hoong

Judge of the High Court  
  
---  
  
Bachoo Mohan Singh (BMS Law LLC) for the appellant;

Marcus Foo and Benedict Teong

(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 31 May 2022 (15:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

