Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the Republic of Singapore

[2022] SGCA 9

Originating Summons No 31 of 2021

In the matter of Section 29D(1)(c)(i) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322)

And

In the matter of Order 56A, Rule 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5)

And

In the matter of AD/CA 118/2021

Between

Milaha Explorer Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Judges] — [Transfer of cases]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Milaha Explorer Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co Ltd

[2022] SGCA 9

Court of Appeal — Originating Summons No 31 of 2021  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA  
23 December 2021

25 January 2022

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA:

Introduction

1 The Appellate Division of the High Court (the “AD”) was created to alleviate
the growing caseload of the Court of Appeal and to facilitate the efficient
administration of justice. Given that the regime is still relatively new, it
is understandable that parties may face some difficulties navigating the
regime. In time to come, such difficulties should lessen as the regime becomes
more familiar to all. Nevertheless, counsel are reminded that they should
always be guided by reasonableness and common sense, even as they assist their
clients in navigating an unfamiliar legal regime. They should always seek to
act in the interest of the efficient administration of justice, not against
it. Any significant failure in this regard might be met with adverse costs
orders.

The transfer application

2 The present application brings into sharp focus the need for counsel to act
reasonably and sensibly. It is an application by the applicant, Milaha, to
transfer AD/CA 118/2021 (“AD 118”) from the AD to the Court of Appeal. Milaha
acknowledges that it had inadvertently filed the appeal to the AD when the
appeal should have been made to the Court of Appeal pursuant to s 29C(2) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), read with
para 1(c) of the Sixth Schedule to the SCJA. Milaha submits that AD 118 arises
from a case relating to the law of arbitration and thus falls within para 1(c)
of the Sixth Schedule to the SCJA.

3 The respondent, Pengrui, agrees that the appeal should have been made to the
Court of Appeal for the same reasons stated above by Milaha. This should have
promptly resolved the present application. However, Pengrui does not agree to
the transfer of AD 118. It argues that Milaha should withdraw AD 118 and file
a fresh appeal to the Court of Appeal.

4 The reason behind Pengrui’s curious position is that it had filed AD/SUM
35/2021 (“SUM 35”) to strike out AD 118 on the basis that Milaha failed to
seek leave to appeal as required under para 3(l) of the Fifth Schedule to the
SCJA, and that the appeal was filed to the wrong court. As such, Pengrui
argues that AD 118 is invalid and is not an appeal in existence. It argues
that such an appeal cannot be transferred.

My decision

5 Without expressing any views on the merits of SUM 35, in my view, Pengrui’s
opposition towards the transfer of AD 118 is problematic.

6 The relevant portions of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA read as follows:

Definition

1\. In this Schedule, “appellate court”, in relation to an appeal against a
decision of the General Division, means the court to which the appeal is to be
made under section 29C.

…

Interlocutory decisions, etc.

3\. Subject to paragraph 4(2), the leave of the appellate court is required to
appeal against a decision of the General Division in any of the following
cases:

…

(l) where a Judge makes an order at the hearing of any interlocutory
application other than an application for any of the following matters …

[emphasis added]

7 The parties are not in dispute that the appeal should have been made to the
Court of Appeal in accordance with s 29C(2) of the SCJA. As such, if leave to
appeal is required, it is to be sought from the Court of Appeal, which is the
correct “appellate court” under paras 1 and 3 of the Fifth Schedule to the
SCJA, read with para 1(c) of the Sixth Schedule to the SCJA.

8 Pengrui’s argument that AD 118 is invalid and is not an appeal in existence
proceeds on the false premise that SUM 35 is already before the correct
“appellate court” pursuant to paras 1 and 3 of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA.
Since Pengrui acknowledges that the appeal should be before the Court of
Appeal instead of the AD, it cannot use the fact that AD 118 is presently
pending striking out before the AD to argue that AD 118 is invalid and is not
an appeal in existence. This puts the cart before the horse. Instead, the
proper course of action is to transfer AD 118 from the AD to the Court of
Appeal, and for the Court of Appeal to hear SUM 35 on the striking out of AD
118 for lack of leave to appeal thereafter.

9 In essence, the correct “appellate court” as defined under the Fifth
Schedule to the SCJA needs to be determined first, before striking out or
leave to appeal applications can be made to and/or decided by that court.
Since parties do not dispute what the correct “appellate court” is in the
present case, there really should not have been any issues affecting the
transfer of AD 118 from the AD to the Court of Appeal.

10 Pengrui’s suggestion that Milaha should withdraw AD 118 and file a fresh
appeal ignores the potential prejudice that would be caused to Milaha, given
that the time for filing a notice of appeal has already lapsed. As per O 57 r
4 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed), the notice of appeal is to be filed
within one month from the date of the refusal of an application. Pengrui’s
suggestion would mean that Milaha will need to file another application for
the extension of time to file an appeal, before filing a fresh notice of
appeal. This is a circuitous route that would only waste costs and time for
the parties and militates against the efficient administration of justice. The
provisions in the SCJA relating to transfers seek to resolve cases where the
appeal was filed to the wrong appellate court without causing such prejudice
to appellants. Such provisions should be utilised in appropriate cases (such
as the present) and counsel should be guided by reasonableness and common
sense in advising their clients on whether to consent or object to a transfer.

Conclusion

11 Accordingly, I order the transfer of AD 118 and all related applications
from the AD to the Court of Appeal. Given the circumstances of the transfer, I
make no order as to costs. The usual consequential orders apply.

12 However, I emphasise once again that counsel should always properly
evaluate whether the positions that they take are reasonable and sensible, and
whether such positions delay proceedings unnecessarily (such as that suggested
at [10] above). As I have stated at the outset of this Judgment, a failure in
this regard might be met with adverse costs orders in the future.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
---|---  
  
Edgar Chin Ren Howe and Ch’ng Cheng Yi Samantha  
(Ascendant Legal LLC) for the applicant;

Henry Li-Zheng Setiono (Ang & Partners) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Jan 2022 (12:27 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

