Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 255

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9104 of 2022

Between

Ripon  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

bRIEF rEMARKS

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ripon

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 255

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9104 of 2022  
Aedit Abdullah J  
30 September 2022

11 October 2022

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These brief sentencing remarks are issued to give guidance to first instance
courts pending the formulation of a new sentencing framework by the High Court
in place of that first laid down in Public Prosecutor v Pang Shuo [2016] 3 SLR
903 (“Pang Shuo”). The actual sentence imposed in the present case was not
manifestly excessive and was not disturbed.

2 The present case concerned an appeal against the sentence imposed on the
appellant, Ripon. The appellant claimed trial to two charges under s
128I(1)(b) punishable under s 128L(4) of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“Customs Act”). Both charges pertained to duty unpaid cigarettes that he
dealt with. The first charge concerned the amount of excise duty that was not
paid (“Excise Duty Charge”). The second charge related to the amount of unpaid
Goods and Services Tax. These remarks pertain only to the Excise Duty Charge.

3 The District Judge (“DJ”) convicted the appellant of both charges and
imposed a global sentence of three months and one week’s imprisonment. In
respect of the Excise Duty Charge, the DJ applied the sentencing framework in
Pang Shuo. Adjusting for the appellant’s time in remand, a sentence of three
months and one week was imposed. The DJ imposed a sentence of three weeks’
imprisonment for the remaining charge, which was ordered to run concurrently.

4 The thrust of the appellant’s appeal was on the ground of parity. An
accomplice, one Rana Juel (“Rana”), received the duty unpaid cigarettes from
him. Rana pleaded guilty to a charge similar to that of the Excise Duty Charge
and was sentenced to a lower sentence of two months’ imprisonment. The appeal
was dismissed as there were sufficient differentiating factors to distinguish
the appellant from Rana, including the role played by the appellant.

5 As reliance was placed on Pang Shuo and Wong Jing Ho Samuel v Public
Prosecutor [2022] 3 SLR 1009 (“Wong Jing Ho”) by the DJ, and on appeal by the
Prosecution, I considered it necessary to give guidance for the time being in
this area.

6 Pang Shuo laid down a graphical curve to indicate what sentences should be
imposed for offences under s 128L(4) of the Customs Act. This was extended in
Wong Jing Ho to offences under s 128I(1)(b) punishable under s 128L(4) of the
Customs Act, which was followed in the present case. However, it is clear that
after the subsequent decision of the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v
Takaaki Masui and another and other matters [2022] 1 SLR 1033 at [15], the
approach taken in Pang Shuo is overly complex and technical. Graphical curves
may give a semblance of predictability and precision, but these come at the
expense of judgment and consideration of circumstances. Sentencing is not a
mathematical exercise.

7 When an appropriate case is presented, it is likely that the High Court will
lay down a new framework. In the meantime, parties and the lower courts should
avoid using the graph in Pang Shuo and derivations from it. Nonetheless, first
instance courts should approach sentencing in a way that is consistent and
principled. Reference may be had to specific sentences imposed in other cases,
for guidance, even if these used the framework in Pang Shuo and Wong Jing Ho,
subject to consideration of the individual circumstances of the defendant
before the court. If no such cases are available, pending the laying down of
the revised framework, reference may be had to the sentence that would have
been imposed under the Pang Shuo framework, but care must be taken in every
case to consider the matter in terms of the usual criteria of culpability,
harm, and proportionality, and to adjust the sentence accordingly. It would be
sufficient to identify a range of possible sentences, without identifying a
specific point. The individual circumstances of the case cannot be overridden
by the graph, and courts must cater the sentence accordingly. The lower courts
should calibrate and explain the reasons briefly in a few lines, at least.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Skandarajah s/o Selvarajah (S Skandarajah & Co) (instructed by S K Kumar Law
Practice LLP) for the appellant;

Kong Kuek Foo (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 14 Oct 2022 (17:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

