Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 295

Criminal Case No 21 of 2022

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Mohamed Aliff bin Mohamed Yusoff  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law — Offences — Murder]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Mohamed Aliff bin Mohamed Yusoff

[2022] SGHC 295

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 21 of 2022  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
5–8, 12–14 April,13 July, 11 August 2022

24 November 2022

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Mohamed Aliff bin Mohamed Yusoff (“the accused”), claimed trial
to a charge of murder under s 300(c) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“PC”). The alleged victim was 9-month-old Izz Fayyaz Zayani bin Ahmad
(“Izz”), the son of the accused’s then girlfriend Nadiah bite Abdul Jalil
(“Nadiah”).

2 The Prosecution’s case was that the accused had pushed Izz’s head against
the wooden floorboard in the rear cabin of his van twice, thereby inflicting
blunt force trauma to Izz’s head which resulted in fatal brain injuries. The
Prosecution contended that the accused had done so intentionally. The
accused’s defence, on the other hand, was that Izz’s death had been an
accident. According to the case for the Defence which was filed on his behalf,
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit P 95 at [6].

at the material time, the accused and Izz had been next to the accused’s van:
the accused had been holding Izz in his right arm while holding a plastic bag
and a packet of “kitchen tissue” in his left hand. As the accused was trying
to close the van door with his left hand, Izz “fidgeted and fell out from
[his] right arm”. According to the accused, Izz fell “head down first, hitting
the wooden floorboard of the van, then the edge near to the door of the van
and finally falling to the ground”.

3 Following a seven-day trial, I convicted the accused of the charge of murder
under s 300(c) of the PC. Having heard submissions on sentencing from both the
Prosecution and the Defence, I sentenced the accused to a term of life
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane.

4 As the accused has filed an appeal against both his conviction and sentence,
I set out below the reasons for my decision.

The charge

5 The accused was charged as follows:

That you, MOHAMED ALIFF BIN MOHAMED YUSOFF, sometime between 10.00 pm on 7
November 2019 and 12.15 a.m. on 8 November 2019, at the multi-storey car-park
located at Block 840A Yishun Street 81, Singapore, did commit murder by
causing the death of one Izz Fayyaz Zayani Bin Ahmad (Male, 9 months old), and
you have thereby committed an offence under Section 300(c) and punishable
under Section 302(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

The agreed facts

Background

6 The following facts were not disputed. The accused got to know Nadiah
through Instagram sometime in 2017 or 2018, and became romantically involved
with her in September or October 2019. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”) at para 4.

7 Izz was Nadiah’s son from her previous marriage. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s End of Trial Submissions at para 5.

He was born in January 2019. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ASOF at para 2.

Events on 7 November 2019

8 On the evening of 7 November 2019, the accused drove Nadiah and Izz in his
van GBE 4012P (“the van”) to Wisteria Mall, where they had dinner. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ASOF at para 5.

This was a van purchased by the accused, Nadiah and her brother Ahmad Faris
bin Abdul Jalil (“Faris”) for their delivery business.

9 During the dinner, Izz accidentally spilled Nadiah’s drink. The accused
carried Izz away to clean him up while Nadiah continued with her meal. Nadiah
subsequently went to the nursing room to clean Izz’s milk bottle. While Nadiah
was doing this, the accused left the nursing room with Izz and told her that
he would meet her at the van. After washing Izz’s milk bottle, Nadiah found
the accused and Izz in the van at the Wisteria Mall carpark. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ASOF at para 5.

10 On leaving the Wisteria Mall carpark, the accused drove to Nadiah’s
mother’s flat at Choa Chu Kang (“the Choa Chu Kang flat”). He volunteered to
bring Izz to his house in Yishun (“the Yishun home”) and to take care of him
for the night. Nadiah agreed to this arrangement as she was due at work the
next day and would not be able to look after Izz while at work. She intended
to stay over at Faris’s flat in Jurong East (“the Jurong East flat”) as it was
closer to the location where she would need to report for work the next day. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ASOF at para 6.

11 The three of them arrived at Choa Chu Kang sometime after 9.00 p.m. Nadiah
went upstairs to her mother’s flat to collect her personal belongings and to
pack essential items for Izz in a baby bag. She then handed the baby bag to
the accused before taking a private hire vehicle to the Jurong East flat. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF at para 6.

12 According to the accused’s statements to the police, after being left alone
with Izz, he drove the van to a multistorey carpark in Yishun (“the Yishun
MSCP”) and parked there at about 10.08 p.m. Izz was seated in the front
passenger seat during the journey. While the accused was still at the MSCP, he
exchanged text messages with his father via WhatsApp at about 10.51 p.m. on
whether it was convenient for him to bring Izz to his father’s house. After
the WhatsApp exchange with his father, the accused left Izz in the rear cabin
of the locked van while he made a trip to a nearby Sheng Shiong supermarket.
This was at11.02 p.m. At the supermarket, the accused purchased some items
before returning to the van. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF at para 7.

13 Sometime after his return to the van, the accused called Nadiah several
times. Nadiah did not pick up these calls but subsequently returned his call
sometime close to midnight on 8 November 2019. The accused asked Nadiah to
meet him, telling her that he had something to tell her. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF at para 7.

Nadiah agreed and took a private hire vehicle to meet him.

Meeting with the accused on 8 November 2019

14 Nadiah met the accused at the main road near Strategy Building (which was
close to Jurong East MRT station). After driving off with Nadiah in the front
passenger seat, the accused held her hand and repeatedly told her that he did
not want her to leave him. At some point, he stopped the van and went to the
rear cabin of the van with Nadiah. Izz was then lying in a supine position on
the floorboard of the rear cabin. Nadiah put on the baby carrier. She then
returned to the front passenger seat, carrying Izz in the baby carrier,
whereupon the accused drove off. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASOF at para 8.

15 As he drove, the accused told Nadiah that he had been carrying baby items
in one hand and Izz in his other arm whilst trying to close the door of the
van. According to him, Izz suddenly fidgeted and fell headfirst onto the
floorboard of the van, bounced, and hit his head again on the footrest of the
van, before finally falling onto the carpark floor. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF at para 9.

16 The accused eventually agreed to bring Izz to the hospital, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at para 10.

but told Nadiah that they should tell the hospital the following: the accused
was carrying Izz’s essentials in one hand and Izz on his other hand while
trying to close the van door; Izz suddenly fidgeted and fell onto the
floorboard of the van, bounced, and hit his head a second time on the footstep
of the van before falling onto the floor headfirst; the accused called Nadiah
and that was why he did not call for an ambulance; Izz was still warm when
Nadiah arrived, and it was when he turned cold that they proceeded to the
hospital.

17 After Nadiah agreed to relate the above-mentioned sequence of events to the
hospital, the accused drove to the National University Hospital (“NUH”).

Arrival at National University Hospital (“NUH”)

18 Upon reaching NUH, the accused parked his van at the NUH basement carpark.
As they were walking to the Accident and Emergency Department (“A&E”), he told
Nadiah that he wanted to discard one of his mobile phones. Nadiah sat at the
NUH Kopitiam while the accused went to look for a place where he could discard
the phone, but eventually she started walking towards the AEE. The accused
then told her they should make a detour to the bus-stop area outside the A&E
and it was as they were nearing this bus-stop that the accused threw his
mobile phone into the bushes. Thereafter, they proceeded to the A&E, where
Nadiah fainted and Izz was handed over to medical personnel. By then, it was
about 4.20 a.m. on 8 November 2019. Izz was pronounced dead a short while
later at 4.30 a.m. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASOF at para 11.

Ensuing police investigations and arrest

19 Senior Staff Sergeant Lim Kim Huat (“SSSgt Lim Kim Huat”) and his partner
were despatched to NUH to attend to the case. They arrived at the A&E at 5.03
a.m. There, SSSgt Lim ascertained that the deceased was Izz, and that he had
been pronounced dead at 4.30 a.m. after having been brought to NUH by Nadiah
and the accused. SSSgt Lim then interviewed the accused who related to him the
following sequence of events: the accused had been holding on to Izz with one
hand while packing some items, and Izz had struggled, falling out of his arm
onto the floorboard of the van before hitting the ground. The accused told
SSSgt Lim that he had met up with Nadiah after Izz’s fall, and that they had
decided to bring Izz to NUH after he lost consciousness. The accused also
claimed that he had performed CPR on Izz prior to arriving at NUH. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASOF at para 13.

20 After interviewing the accused, SSSgt Lim reported his findings to
Assistant Superintendent Chen Shunli (“ASP Jason”). ASP Jason proceeded to NUH
with Senior Staff Sergeant Abu Hamid bin Abu Shama (“SSSgt Abu Hamid”) and met
up with SSSgt Lim Kim Huat. ASP Jason then interviewed the accused who gave an
account of events similar to the account he had given SSSgt Lim. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASOF at paras 12–14.

21 At about 12.23 p.m. on 8 November 2019, the accused was escorted back to
Woodlands Police Division Headquarters (“Woodlands Police”) to assist with
investigations into Izz’s death. From Woodlands Police, he was next escorted
to Police Cantonment Complex (“PCC”) and handed over to the Special
Investigation Section of the Criminal Investigation Department at about 3.50
p.m. He was subsequently placed under arrest at PCC in connection with Izz’s
death. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASOF at para 15.

The Prosecution’s case

22 As noted at [2], the Prosecution’s case 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Prosecution’s Opening Address at paras 1–2; Prosecution’s End of Trial
Submissions at paras 2 and 19.

was that the accused had inflicted blunt force trauma on Izz’s head by
intentionally pushing or slamming Izz’s head against the floorboard of the van
twice. This caused Izz to sustain traumatic intracranial hemorrhage which was
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

The Defence’s case

23 As I also noted at the outset (at [2]), the Defence denied that Izz’s death
was caused by an intentional act on the accused’s part. According to the case
which the Defence ran at trial 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Case for the Defence filed 31 January 2022 at para 6.

, the accused had left Izz in the rear cabin of the van – which was then
parked in a multi-storey carpark – while he visited a nearby supermarket. On
returning to the van, the accused had opened the van door and picked Izz up.
He then held Izz in his right arm while holding a plastic bag in his left
hand. As he was trying to close the van door, Izz fidgeted, fell out of his
arm onto the floorboard of the van, and then onto the footrest of the van,
before finally falling on the ground outside the van.

The evidence adduced

24 I now summarise below the evidence adduced at trial.

Witnesses called by the Prosecution

SSSgt Lim Kim Huat

25 SSSgt Lim Kim Huat produced the body-worn camera (“BWC”) footage of his
interview of the accused at NUH at about 5.27 a.m. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of SSSgt Lim Kim Huat at Agreed Bundle (“AB”) pp 118–119.

In his conditioned statement, SSSgt Lim Kim Huat recalled that during the
interview, the accused had said that Izz “struggled and fell onto the
floorboard of the motor van”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of SSSgt Lim Kim Huat at AB p 118 para 5.

The accused also told SSSgt Lim Kim Huat that Izz had been responsive
following the fall; that he (the accused) had contacted Izz’s mother and met
up with her; and that the two of them had “monitored” Izz’s condition before
eventually deciding to bring him to NUH when he “lost consciousness”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of SSSgt Lim Kim Huat at AB p 118 para 5.

26 In cross-examination at trial, the Defence contended that the accused had
used the expression “fidgeted” and not “struggled”. In response, SSSgt Lim Kim
Huat clarified that the accused had said that Izz “wriggled and fell off”:
SSSgt Lim Kim Huat had written it down as “struggled”, as he felt that the two
words had “almost same meaning”. In any event, as SSSgt Lim Kim Huat
explained, he had been conducting only a preliminary interview with the
accused, not a statement recording. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript of 5 April 2022 p 76 ln 8 to ln 27.

SSSgt Abu Hamid bin Abu Shama (“SSSgt Abu Hamid”)

27 SSSgt Abu Hamid accompanied ASP Jason to NUH following a call from SSSgt
Lim Kim Huat. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Statement of SSSgt Abu Hamid bin Abu Shama at AB pp 123 para 3.

After the accused was interviewed by ASP Jason, SSSgt Abu Hamid recorded a
statement from the accused from about 6.15 a.m. to about 6.50 a.m. under s 22
of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). He asked the
accused questions in Malay and the accused replied in Malay. SSSgt Abu Hamid
then recorded the answers in English. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of SSSgt Abu Hamid bin Abu Shama at AB pp 124 para 5.

ASP Chen Shun Li (“ASP Jason”)

28 In his conditioned statement, ASP Jason stated that as the incident had
taken place within the jurisdiction of Woodlands Police Division, the case was
referred to Woodlands Police Division. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of ASP Chen Shunli at AB p 122 para 7.

He stated that he had interviewed the accused upon arriving at NUH together
with SSSgt Abu Hamid at about 5.50 am on 8 November 2019. The accused told ASP
Jason that he had been “packing [Izz’s] items inside his motor van” while
"holding onto [Izz] with one arm”. According to the accused, Izz had
“struggled and fell onto the floorboard of the motor van”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of ASP Chen Shunli at AB pp 121–122 para 5.

The accused also stated that Izz had been responsive following the fall; that
he (the accused) had contacted Izz’s mother and met up with her; and that they
had “observed” Izz’s condition before eventually deciding to bring him to NUH
when he “lost consciousness”.

29 In cross-examination at trial, ASP Jason was questioned on his use of the
word “struggled” instead of “fidgeted”. He stated that to the best of his
memory, the word “struggled” was what the accused had used at the time. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript of 5 April 2022 p 60 ln 21 to p 61 ln 4.

ASP Ng Liang Jie (“ASP Ng”)

30 ASP Ng is a Senior Investigation Officer with the Woodlands Police
Division. The case of Izz’s death was referred to him on 8 November 2019 at
about 6.20 a.m. He contacted SSI Mazlan bin Shariff (“SSI Mazlan”), the Duty
Officer from the Special Investigation Section of the Criminal Investigation
Department (“CID”) 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of ASP Ng Liang Jie at AB p 127 para 4.

as the case was a “sensitive” one involving “injuries on the baby”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript of 5 April 2022 p 63 ln 31 to p 64 ln 2.

At about 8.35 a.m. on 8 November 2019, ASP Ng arrived at NUH to take over the
case from ASP Jason, and he interviewed the accused in the A&E. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Statement of ASP Ng Liang Jie at AB pp 127–128 para 6.

31 At about 12.23 p.m., ASP Ng, together with ASP Tan Teng Hong Colin and
Staff Sergeant Lim Wei, left NUH with the accused for Woodlands Police
Station. They arrived at Woodlands Police Station at about 12.55 p.m. and
brought the accused to Interview Room 2. At about 1.05 p.m., SSI Mazlan
commenced his interview with the accused inside the interview room while ASP
Ng stood guard. The interview, which was conducted in Malay, concluded at 1.55
p.m. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Statement of ASP Ng Liang Jie at AB p 130 paras 13–14.

ASP Ang Ghim Sing (“ASP Ang”)

32 ASP Ang of CID was the investigating officer (“IO”) in this case. On 8
November 2019, ASP Ang requested that Inspector Daniel Lim Boon Wah (“Insp
Daniel Lim”) and Station Inspector Muralidaran s/o Balakrishnan take over
custody of the accused from officers at Woodlands Police. The accused had been
referred to the CID’s Special Investigation Section as he was a person of
interest in Izz’s unnatural death. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of ASP Ang Ghim Seng at AB p 192 para 2.

33 On 8 November 2019 at about 7.30 p.m., ASP Ang informed SSI Mazlan that the
accused would be placed under arrest for the offence of voluntarily causing
grievous hurt and requested that he record a statement from the accused. At
about 9.00 p.m., ASP Ang prepared and handed over to Superintendent of Police
Koh Yu Shan, Cyndi (“Supt Cyndi Koh”) a typewritten charge of voluntarily
causing grievous hurt and requested that she record a cautioned statement from
the accused in respect of this charge. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of ASP Ang Ghim Seng at AB p 193 paras 5–6.

34 Between 11 November and 21 November 2019, ASP Ang recorded multiple
statements from the accused with the assistance of Malay interpreter Mdm
Sapiahtun Mohd Ali (“Mdm Sapiahtun”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Statement of ASP Ang Ghim Seng at AB pp 195 – 211 paras 13 – 59.

In addition, on 21 November 2019, he escorted the accused to the basement
carpark at PCC where the accused’s van was parked: a re-enactment of the
incident was conducted, with ASP Ang also asking the accused questions and Mdm
Sapiahtun interpreting. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Statement of ASP Ang Ghim Seng at AB p 209 paras 55–56.

Nadiah

35 In Nadiah’s conditioned statement, she provided an account of the events of
7 and 8 November 2019. According to Nadiah, there was a verbal disagreement
between her and the accused at Wisteria Mall on 7 November 2019, because inter
alia the accused questioned why she had not disciplined Izz for spilling her
drink at dinner: according to Nadiah, the accused had been “very pissed off”
and “angry” when Izz spilt the drink at dinner; and he had asked her to “scold
Izz”, but she had disagreed. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 7 ln 12 to p 8 ln 17.

Subsequently, however, when the accused volunteered to take care of Izz for
the night by bringing him back to his home in Yishun, Nadiah agreed because
she was going to work the next day and her mother was unable to look after
Izz. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 112 paras 4 – 5.

At that point, she also believed that the accused’s parents would be able to
help take care of Izz since he was staying with his parents in Yishun.

36 In examination-in-chief, Nadiah was referred to a series of WhatsApp
messages 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Exhibit P-84.

which she had exchanged with the accused between 10.36 p.m. and 10.43 p.m. on
7 November 2019 (ie, after he had dropped her off at her parents’ flat); in
particular, to a message which she had sent the accused at 10.36 p.m. in which
she had said (inter alia), “Sorry about just nw [sic]”, and another message
from her at 10.38 p.m. in which she had said (inter alia), “Please don’t give
up on me or Izz. I want you not to feel pissed off easily. I want you to be
more patience [sic] n gv me time to learn being an independent mum”. Nadiah
explained that when she told the accused she was “sorry about just now”, she
had been referring to the incident in which Izz had spilt the drink at dinner;
and she had apologised to the accused as she did not want to argue further
with him. She had asked the accused not to “feel pissed off easily” because
she wanted “[her] son to be safe as well”; and moreover, she was having "some
problems with [her] marriage” at the time and had “no one else to actually
talk to”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 26 ln 24 to p 27 ln 27.

37 Sometime past midnight on 8 November 2019, the accused called Nadiah on her
mobile phone, sounding “panicky”, and told her that he needed to see her
urgently. Although she asked him why they needed to meet so urgently, he did
not tell her the reason. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 113 para 8.

38 When Nadiah met the accused at the main road near Strategy Building and got
into the front passenger seat of the van, she found that the accused was
behaving strangely: he held her hand and kept repeating that he did not want
her to leave him. As they drove off, Nadiah repeatedly asked the accused what
had happened, but the only response she received from him was that he would
explain later. At this time, Nadiah was under the impression that Izz was
still with the accused’s parents at their Yishun flat.

39 The accused drove aimlessly and did not appear to know where he was going –
though he did mention that he wanted to avoid roadblocks. At this point,
Nadiah turned her head and saw Izz lying on the floor of the rear cabin. When
she asked the accused what had happened, he replied, “Izz tak ada”. Nadiah
understood this to mean that Izz had passed away. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 113 para 10.

The accused said that he had been playing with his mobile phone at the rear
cabin when Izz “fell off the rear cabin onto the ground”. Nadiah reprimanded
him for not pulling Izz to safety when he saw Izz crawling out of the van, but
the accused claimed that things had “happened too fast”. When Nadiah asked why
he had not called for an ambulance, the accused replied that he had wanted to
inform her first. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB pp 113 – 114 para 10.

40 The accused then stopped the van, whereupon Nadiah went to the rear cabin
and saw Izz lying in a supine position on the floorboard. She put on the baby
carrier which was spread beneath Izz’s body and strapped Izz into it. When she
touched Izz, she could feel that his neck was “not flexible, unlike when [she
had] carried him previously when he was sleeping”. While Izz’s body was warm
to the touch, it was “not the usual temperature, and was somewhat cooler than
usual”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 114 paras 12 – 13.

41 With Izz strapped in the baby carrier and his face against her chest,
Nadiah returned to the front passenger seat, and the accused drove off. Nadiah
held Izz’s hands and caressed his neck – but there was no response. At this
point, she knew Izz was dead. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 114 para 13.

42 Somewhere around Jurong, the accused stopped the van and got out. Nadiah
did not know where he went, but she felt that he was “delaying the time to go
to the hospital”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 13 ln 7 to ln 17.

When he returned to the van, he asked Nadiah if he should call for an
ambulance or bring Izz straight to hospital. Nadiah suggested bringing Izz to
hospital, but the accused was undecided. Instead, he continued driving; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 113 para 13.

and as he was driving, he pointed at Izz’s forehead and asked her how long the
“wound would take to heal”. It was at this point that Nadiah noticed three
bruises on Izz’s forehead, at the center and the left and right sides of his
forehead. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 114 para 14.

43 Nadiah told the accused that the bruises “would not heal fast”. The accused
then told her the following version of events: according to the accused, he
had been carrying the baby items in one hand and Izz in his other arm whilst
trying to close the van door. Izz “suddenly fidgeted” and “fell headfirst onto
the plywood floorboard of the van, bounced, hit his head a second time on the
footrest of the van, before finally falling onto the carpark floor”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 114 para 15.

The accused told Nadiah that “if anyone asked what happened to Izz”, the two
of them “should tell them the same story so that he would not get into any
trouble”.

44 By this time, Nadiah was confused and in shock: she just wanted to bring
Izz to the hospital. The accused agreed to do so. A short while later,
however, he changed his mind. He suggested to her that they should instead pay
someone to bury Izz, and that “maybe a year later [they] could report to the
Police that Izz was missing”. Nadiah refused and insisted that Izz should be
accorded a proper Muslim burial. The accused eventually agreed, and told her
the story that he was going to tell the hospital:

(a) The accused was carrying Izz’s essentials in one hand and Izz in his other
hand while trying to close the van door;

(b) Izz suddenly fidgeted and fell on the van floorboard. He hit his head,
bounced, hit his head a second time on the footstep and finally fell onto the
floor headfirst;

(c) Izz’s body was still warm and there was a weak pulse at about 1.00 a.m;

(d) The accused tried to revive Izz by giving him Cardiopulmonary
Resuscitation (“CPR”);

(e) The accused called Nadiah and that was why he did not call the ambulance;

(f) Izz was still warm when the accused met Nadiah; and

(g) Izz started to turn cold and they proceeded to the hospital.

45 Nadiah agreed to this and the accused then drove to NUH. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 115 para 16.

In cross-examination at trial, Nadiah explained that at this juncture, her
mind had been in a mess and she did not know at the time that the accused was
not telling the truth about Izz’s death. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 14 ln 21 to ln 32.

46 Upon arriving at NUH, the accused told Nadiah that he feared being remanded
by the police and wanted to brush his teeth and wipe his body. He then left
the van while she waited inside the van. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 115 para 17.

She felt again that he was “delaying time before [they] sought help from a
doctor”.

47 When they finally walked into the A&E department at NUH, the accused told
her that he wanted to discard one of his two mobile phones as it contained
evidence of him selling vape or vape juice. Nadiah sat at the Kopitiam within
NUH while the accused went to look for a suitable spot to discard his phone.
When she became impatient and started walking towards the A&E, the accused
came up from behind her and suggested making a detour to the bus stop outside
so that he could discard his phone. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Statement of Nadiah bte Abdul Jalil at AB p 115 paras 18–19.

As they approached the bus stop, Nadiah heard the sound of something “heavy”
being thrown into the bushes. They proceeded to the A&E after she told him
that she was “feeling weak” and “not able to bear it much longer”.

48 On arriving at the NUH A&E, Nadiah fainted. She did not know what happened
next. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 70 ln 6 to ln 14.

Ahmad Faris bin Abdul Jalil

49 Nadiah’s brother Faris stated that Nadiah had arrived at his Jurong East
flat at about 10 p.m. on 7 November 2019. After going to bed himself, Faris
woke up at 7.00 a.m. on 8 November 2019 to find six missed calls from Nadiah
on his phone and also a text message from Nadiah asking him to call her
urgently. When he called her, the accused answered the call. The accused
informed Faris that they were at NUH and that Izz had passed away after a
fall. Faris was told not to tell anyone and to head to NUH immediately. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Statement of Ahmad Faris bin Abdul Jalil at AB p 110 paras 5–6.

Mohamed Yusoff bin Osman (“Yusoff”)

50 Yusoff is the accused’s father. He received a WhatsApp message from the
accused at about 10.51 p.m. on 7 November 2021 in which the accused stated
that he was bringing a friend’s son home. Yusoff texted the accused back to
tell him that it was not convenient for him to come back at that time as there
were people in the living-room of their flat. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Statement of Mohamed Yusoff bin Osman at AB p 108 para 2.

In cross-examination at trial, Yusoff explained that by sending this response,
he did not mean that the accused could not bring Izz back to the flat: what he
had in mind was that the accused should not do so at that particular point in
time, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 101 ln 13 to ln 19.

as he was afraid that if the accused brought the child back at that time, his
wife (ie the accused’s mother) and his daughter (ie the accused’s sister)
would “not be happy” 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 100 ln 20 to p 101 ln 1.

.

Dr Ian Tan Kai Zhi (“Dr Tan”)

51 Dr Tan attended to Izz when he was brought to the NUH A&E on 8 November
2019. In his medical report dated 20 November 2019, Dr Tan noted that the
accused had described the following sequence of events to him: at
“approximately 0000H” on 8 November 2019, Izz “had fallen out of [the
accused’s] arms and his forehead collided with the edge of the van before
landin prone on the car-park floor”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NUH Medical Report dated 20 November 2019 at AB p 100.

The accused claimed that following the fall, Izz did not lose consciousness
and was “still active and crying”; that he (the accused) had contacted Izz’s
mother and met up with her at “approximately 0100H”; that Izz “still had a
pulse and was breathing” between 0100H and 0300H, and only “suddenly became
unresponsive at 0300H”, at which point he and Izz’s mother had “performed CPR”
on Izz “for a few minutes”.

52 In his medical report, Dr Tan opined that the history and account of the
mechanism of Izz’s injuries as provided by the accused were not consistent
with the three forehead bruises he found on Izz. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NUH Medical Report dated 20 November 2019 at AB p 101.

He also opined that the shape of the linear horizontal bruises observed on
Izz’s lower limb were not typical of accidental injuries sustained by a
9-month-old child. Further, the bruises over his lower back and anterior
abdomen were not typical locations of bruises sustained following an
accidental fall. In cross-examination at trial, Dr Tan testified that if Izz
had indeed fallen on a flat surface as the accused claimed, then such a fall
would not have caused the three discrete well-defined bruises he observed on
Izz’s forehead: instead, such a fall would usually cause one or two poorly-
defined bruises. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 6 ln 26 to p 7 ln 20.

53 Moreover, Dr Tan noted that there was an unexplained delay of approximately
one hour in seeking urgent medical help for an unresponsive infant with a
recent high risk head injury. Given the delay in seeking treatment as well as
the inconsistencies between the alleged history provided by the accused and
the physical examination findings at NUH, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NUH Medical Report dated 20 November 2019 at AB pp 101.

Dr Tan was of the view that there were grounds for suspecting that Izz’s
injuries were non-accidental.

54 Pursuant to a production order by the police requesting information
relating to Izz’s previous visits to NUH, Dr Tan also prepared a medical
report setting out information on Izz’s visits to the NUH children’s emergency
department on 5 October 2019 and 2 November 2019. On 5 October 2019, Izz was
brought by his mother for review of a bruise over his left cheek which she had
noticed the day before. The injury was said to have been sustained when the
mother (Nadiah) lost her balance following an altercation with her husband and
fell with Izz strapped to her chest in a baby-carrier. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NUH Medical Report dated 29 September 2020 at AB p 102.

Izz was not reported to have lost consciousness, nor was there any change in
his behaviour or feeding habits after this incident. He was discharged with
the diagnosis of “abrasions on face” with no medication prescribed and no
follow-up consultation fixed. On 2 November 2019, he was brought to NUH again
by his mother for a rash and a tongue ulcer. On this occasion, he was
discharged with medication but no follow-up consultation was scheduled. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NUH Medical Report dated 29 September 2020 at AB p 103.

Dr Cheow Enquan (“Dr Cheow”)

55 Dr Cheow of the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) conducted the forensic
psychiatric evaluation of the accused, for which purpose he interviewed the
accused on three occasions before issuing a report dated 10 December 2019. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Statement of Dr Cheow Enquan at AB p 86.

In gist, Dr Cheow’s opinion was that the accused was fit to stand trial and
not of unsound mind at the time of the alleged offence. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Dr Cheow Enquan’s Report dated 10 December 2019 at AB p 91 paras 32–33.

56 The accused’s background and personal history were set out in some detail
by Dr Cheow in his report. The accused is divorced, with a 2-year-old daughter
who is in the custody of his former wife. He also has a 3-year-old son who
lives with his former girlfriend. The accused studied Marine Engineering at a
local polytechnic, but dropped out due to financial constraints. In October
2010, he was first seen at IMH when he felt stressed after breaking up with
his girlfriend. He was assessed to have no mental illness. He did not complete
his National Service, having been medically downgraded and discharged on
psychiatric grounds. He was referred to IMH in December 2010, and again in
January 2011 by the SAF Medical Officer, for having suicidal and homicidal
thoughts: he was diagnosed with an adjustment disorder. During his interviews
with Dr Cheow, however, he told the latter that he had “actually lied about
being suicidal and having homicidal thoughts towards others during his
national service, as he was simply unwilling to serve in the SAF (Singapore
Armed Forces)”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Dr Cheow Enquan’s Report dated 10 December 2019 at AB p 88 paras 4 and 8.

57 The accused’s next visit to IMH was in December 2015. He was brought there
by the police following a quarrel with his fiancée. On that occasion, his
father had tried to intervene, which led to his becoming more agitated and
allegedly injuring his father’s finger “accidentally”. He was diagnosed with
an “acute stress reaction” and with “anger management issues”.

58 Prior to the 7 November 2019 incident involving Izz, the accused’s last
visit to IMH was in July 2017. This was for the purpose of a medical report,
as he had been referred to IMH by the Child Protection Services (“CPS”). His
then fiancée (whom he later married and then divorced) had reported being
physically assaulted by him, and had also reported that he had “pinched and
verbally threatened” their son. In the IMH report, the accused was noted to
have been sarcastic towards the psychiatrist and to be easily provoked. He was
assessed as not meeting the diagnostic criteria for a mental disorder.
However, the report noted that he had personality traits such as being prone
to anger outbursts and making suicidal/homicidal threats, and that these
behaviours were pervasive and causing distress to others”. Psychotherapy for
anger management was recommended, but the accused “did not see any problem
with his behaviour and did not see the need for intervention”.

59 In his report, Dr Cheow documented the account – or more accurately,
accounts \- of events which the accused had related to him regarding the night
when Izz died. According to the initial account given, the accused had left
Izz in the back of the van while he visited the nearby supermarket to buy
towels and wet wipes. On returning to the van, he was packing the “baby stuff”
when Izz started crying. He reported feeling “uncomfortable” due to “the baby
constantly interrupting him” – although he denied feeling “disturbed” by the
crying as he felt that it “would sound incriminating if he admitted to being
‘disturbed by the crying’”. At this point, Izz was “in a crawling position”.
The accused “proceeded to push [Izz’s head against the plywood floor of the
van”, using what he described to Dr Cheow as “mild force”. He then placed Izz
in a sitting position. When Izz continued crying, he “pushed [Izz’s] head
against the floor once again from this position”. Subsequently he tried to
feed Izz, but Izz refused the milk; and he noticed bleeding from Izz’s gums.
As his father was not keen on letting him bring Izz home, he contacted Nadiah
instead in order to return Izz to her. Nadiah noticed bruises on Izz’s
forehead when she met up with him, but he told her that Izz had fallen down.
At this time, Izz "appeared OK”. It was only an hour later that he and Nadiah
realised Izz was “not responsive” and not well”, whereupon they decided to
bring him to NUH. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Dr Cheow Enquan’s Report dated 10 December 2019 at AB pp 89 – 90, paras 15 –
20.

60 Dr Cheow noted that after providing the above version of events, the
accused changed his position during his second and third interviews. He
claimed that the account he had previously provided “was as per the SOF”, but
that he had “said the wrong thing” as he was in a “state of panic”, allegedly
as a result of “coercive interrogation techniques” used by the police. The
accused’s subsequent, altered account of events ran as follows:

When [the accused] returned to the van after visiting the nearby supermarket,
he saw the baby fall down and hit its head against the plywood floor of the
van. He stated that he then placed the baby in a sitting position. The baby
kept crying as he packed the “baby stuff” so he claimed that he was actually
trying to soothe the baby by patting the baby’s neck but may have accidentally
ended up pushing the baby forward instead. He further claimed that he did not
use much force but the baby might have already been weakened from the previous
fall. He told “Nadia” (sic) and the NUH doctors that the baby had fallen out
of his arms though as he did not think they would believe him if he told them
that the baby had fallen down on its own.

61 Dr Cheow’s assessment was that the accused had “impulsive personality
traits characterised by being prone to anger outbursts with a propensity to
react with violent or suicidal threats”. In his report, Dr Cheow stated that
despite the accused’s denial of past physical violence, his then-fiancée had
reported physical assaults on herself and her son by the accused. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Dr Cheow Enquan’s Report dated 10 December 2019 at AB p 91 para 31.

In cross-examination at trial, Dr Cheow testified that he did not know whether
there was medical evidence or documentary evidence available to support the
then-fiancée’s claims: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 at p 87 ln 26 to ln 32.

what he had stated in his report was what he had found in the accused’s past
IMH records.

Dr Wong Choong Yi Peter (“Dr Wong”)

62 Dr Wong was asked by the police to provide an expert opinion on Izz’s
clavicle report. He was provided the clinical notes and autopsy report for
Izz. The following two video recordings were also provided to him:

(a) The first video, dated 3 November 2019 (the “3rd Nov Video”), showed Izz
supporting the weight of his torso on both arms in crawling position, while
climbing onto a mattress with some hesitation. Dr Wong opined that based on
Izz’s vocalisations and facial expressions, he might have been in some
discomfort when doing so.

(b) The second video was dated 5 November 2019 (the “5th Nov Video”). It
showed Izz crawling on the floor using both outstretched arms and pulling
himself into a standing position by holding on to a piece of furniture
(sideboard), while using his right hand to reach for and grasp packets of food
on the sideboard. Dr Wong opined that Izz did not appear to be in discomfort
when doing so.

63 According to Dr Wong, clavicle fractures are common accidental injuries in
young children. Given Nadiah’s account of an earlier injury on 2 November 2019
and photographs showing swelling over Izz’s left clavicle on 3 November 2019,
Dr Wong’s view was that the fracture “may have been present” prior to the
events in the van on 7 November 2019. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Dr Wong Choong Yi Peter’s Expert Opinion at AB p 106.

In his view, the pathologist was the professional who was best qualified to
comment on the age of the fracture. In this connection, Dr Wong noted that the
autopsy report had documented an absence of callus formation around the
clavicle fracture. This finding was consistent with two possibilities:

(a) The fracture had occurred on 2 November 2019 (5 days before Izz’s demise);
or

(b) The fracture had occurred closer to Izz’s demise on 8 November 2019.

64 At trial, Dr Wong reiterated that it was possible for the clavicle fracture
to have occurred on 2 November 2019 (ie, 5 or 6 days before Izz’s death). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 65 ln 10 to ln 12.

Dr Gilbert Lau (“Dr Lau”)

65 Dr Lau conducted an autopsy on Izz’s corpse on 9 November 2019 and issued
an autopsy report dated 18 November 2019. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Statement of Dr Gilbert Lau at AB p 78 paras 2-–3.

66 With regard to the external injuries observed on Izz, the report recorded
(inter alia) abrasions and bruising on the scalp, as well as bruising and
abrasions on the nose, bruises on the left arm, and bruises on the left thigh
and left knee. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Autopsy Report dated 18 November 2019 at AB pp 80 – 81.

As for the internal injuries observed by Dr Lau, these included acute subdural
hemorrhage and acute subarachnoid hemorrhage, scalp bruises, and a laceration
along the frenulum of the upper lip. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Autopsy Report dated 18 November 2019 at AB pp 81 – 82.

There was also a fracture of the lateral third of the left clavicle. In Dr
Lau’s opinion, the cause of death was traumatic intracranial haemorrhage,
which “would be consistent with the infliction of blunt force trauma to the
head and face”. Further, a number of the external and internal injuries –
namely, the facial abrasions and bruises, the laceration of the frenulum with
surrounding mucosal bruising, and the fractured left clavicle – were, in Dr
Lau’s opinion, “highly suspicious of non-accident injury”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Autopsy Report dated 18 November 2019 at AB p 85.

67 At trial, Dr Lau’s evidence was that for fatal traumatic intracranial
haemorrhage to have occurred, blunt force trauma would have been applied to
the head which would have resulted in internal bruising of the scalp and the
left temporalis muscle, and that these forces would have been transmitted
through the skull, thereby injuring the brain. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 21 ln 29 to ln 32.

The hemorrhage would have caused pressure to build up in the intracranial
cavity due to haemorrhage and brain swelling, and vital centres of control
(breathing, respiration, heart function etc) in the brain stem would
ultimately be compromised. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 30 ln 27 to p 31 ln 2.

It was uncertain how long it would have taken from the time of injury before
the child (Izz) lapsed into unconsciousness. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 31 ln 10 to ln 19.

This brain injury would have been sufficient in the ordinary course of nature
to cause death. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 31 ln 26 to ln 28.

68 In response to Defence counsel’s cross-examination, Dr Lee pointed out that
he had found Izz’s entire brain to be swollen; and although he had not found
evidence of bleeding in the brain substance itself, “the swelling of the brain
and the haemorrhages around it would have been very, very significant findings
forensically”.

69 In addition, Dr Lau cautioned that in this instance, it was “important not
to be fixated on the presence or absence” of skull fractures because although
the skull bones of an infant “are very pliable” and can be subjected to quite
a bit of force and yet not break”, the forces applied to the head would have
been transmitted through the skull bones into the brain, causing rupture of
the blood vessels on the surface of the brain. Dr Lau noted that even for
adults, he had seen – when he was in practice – “a huge subdural haematoma in
an adult without a fracture of the skull”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 21 ln 5 to ln 24.

70 Asked to comment on the laceration to the frenulum of Izz’s upper lip, Dr
Lau testified that the “classical interpretation” of such an injury “would be
that it was likely to have been caused by the application of blunt force
trauma to the mouth or to the lips’ and that this would “signal a likelihood,
a high likelihood in fact of non-accidental injury”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 25 ln 2 to ln 17.

In cross-examination, Dr Lau was asked about Nadiah’s evidence that a few days
before 7 November 2019, Izz had fallen face downwards” and injured his “upper
lip” while crawling. His evidence was that he found this “completely
inconsistent” with the nature of the injury to the frenulum which he had
observed, as the injury to the frenulum “would require quite a bit of force”–
whereas if Izz had fallen “face downwards” while crawling, the distance that
his head would have travelled to the floor “wouldn’t have been very high”, and
the first point of contact “would likely have been the chin rather than the
upper lip”. In response to Defence counsel’s assertion that both the accused
and Nadiah had observed “a swell on [Izz’s] upper lip on the 7th of November”,
Dr Lau stated that while that might have been the case, such a “swell” was
“quite different from a laceration of the frenulum”, which was of a
“completely different order or magnitude altogether”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 56 ln 28 to p 57 ln 31.

71 Asked about the fracture of the left clavicle, Dr Lau’s evidence was that
the injury looked fresh and that he had not found any evidence of healing at
the time of the autopsy. However, he stressed that the healing of bone
injuries was very variable; that one had to be “very careful about ageing
these injuries”; and that while the fracture seemed to be a fresh injury at
the time of the autopsy, he was unable to say categorically that it “could not
have been sustained or inflicted a day or two or some day before the fatal
injuries were inflicted or sustained”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 28 ln 3 to ln 17.

Nevertheless, even allowing for evidence that the clavicle fracture had
occurred “sometime on the 2nd of November 2019”, Dr Lau’s opinion was that
that the remaining injuries on Izz were highly suspicious of non-accidental
injury. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 59 ln 12 to ln 28.

72 According to Dr Lau, the injuries on Izz were relatively fresh, and
probably inflicted within 24 hours of death as no evidence of healing was
shown. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 13 ln 18 to ln 22.

Dr Lau stated that insofar as he had documented finding “faint bruises” on
Izz, these faint bruises could not be old injuries, as none of the bruises
showed the sort of yellowish discoloration that would have suggested they were
probably more than 18 hours old. Indeed, the fact that the bruises were faint
could suggest that they had not developed fully before the child died. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 54 ln 17 to ln 29.

73 As to the likely degree of force used in this case, Dr Lau stated that this
was a difficult issue to opine on in instances involving fatal non-accidental
injuries in young children which had allegedly been caused by a full-grown
adult. His evidence was that if the assailant were indeed a full-grown adult,
then one had to recognize the existence of “a stark asymmetry…between a
defenceless 9.5-month-old infant and a full grown adult”: “what might have
been mild or moderate force on the part of the assailant could amount to
moderate to severe force as experienced by the child”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 32 ln 22 to p 33 ln 3.

74 Dr Lau was asked to consider the differing versions of events provided by
the accused in respect of what had happened to Izz on the night of 7 November
2019. In gist, these differing versions – which were gleaned from statements
made by the accused at various points following the incident itself – posited
in turn:

(a) An accidental fall in which Izz had fallen from the van onto the ground;

(b) An accidental fall in which Izz had fallen headfirst onto the floorboard
of the van, “bounced” off the floorboard, hit the footstep, and then fallen to
the ground;

(c) An accidental fall by Izz onto the van floorboard, followed by the accused
accidentally pushing him forward while attempting to soothe him;

(d) The intentional pushing of Izz’s head against the van floorboard, first
with his left cheek coming into contact with the floorboard, and a second time
with his face down towards the floorboard. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 35 ln 9 to ln 11.

In general, with regard to the versions which recounted an accidental fall of
some sort, Dr Lau noted that there was a total lack of the sort of linear
abrasions and lacerations that would have been expected from a fall in which
the child had allegedly come into contact with the edge of the floorboard or
the footstep. Instead, the abrasions found on Izz were all non-linear, and no
laceration was found. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 42 ln 8 to ln 14; p 44 ln 15 to ln 21; p 46 ln 2
to ln 9.

Dr Lau also expressed doubt about the accused’s claim that Izz had “bounced”
off the wooden floorboard of the van, given that the head is a solid non-
spherical structure and the floor of the van is a firm unyielding surface. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 45 ln 13 to ln 30.

In Dr Lau’s opinion, the version of events in which Izz had fallen headfirst
onto the van floorboard before “bouncing” off it would be the least compelling
version. In contrast, in Dr Lau's opinion, the version of events in which
Izz’s head had been pushed twice against the floorboard was the most
compelling version and would explain the occurrence of many of the external
and internal injuries to the scalp. Dr Lau testified that taken together, both
acts of pushing would have caused the two haemorrhages. In his view, there
would have been at least two distinct or discrete blows to the head: one to
the front of the head and one to the left side of the head. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 50 ln 11 to ln 18; p 50 ln 29 to p 51 ln 317.

Forensic Evidence and Exhibits

75 Apart from the evidence adduced from witnesses by way of conditioned
statements and testimony, forensic evidence was also collected and analysed.
Inter alia, under the direction of ASP Ang Ghim Sing, swabs of red stains were
collected from the wooden floor of the van. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Statement of Insp Toh Ah Hong at AB p 30 para 2.

They were submitted to the DNA Profiling Lab at the Health Sciences Authority
for analysis. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Lim Xin Li’s affidavit at AB p 62 paras 3–4.

Izz was identified as a matchable contributor for the blood swabs. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See Lab Report No. DN-1943-02332 dated 27 March 2020 at AB pp 63 – 77.

76 Data was extracted from the accused’s two phones (one of which was
recovered from some bushes at the bus stop near NUH) 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Soh Chor Xiang’s Statement at AB pp 44–48; Ahmad Zakir bin Jamaludin’s
Statement at AB pp 49–53.

and from Nadiah’s phone. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Abdul Muttalib’s Statement at AB pp 36–40.

CCTV footage of the Yishun MSCP and the Sheng Siong supermarket which the
accused had visited was obtained, as well as CCTV footage of NUH and its
vicinity which captured the accused’s and Nadiah’s movements from the NUH
carpark to the A&E Department. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See Aide Memoire, Exhibit P-91.

Statements by the accused

77 The Prosecution also sought to admit 11 statements given by the accused in
the course of investigations. The following four statements were admitted into
evidence by agreement:

(a) Statement recorded 8 November 2019 at about 6.15 am by SSSgt Abu Hamid; 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Exhibits P-23 and P-89.

(b) Statement recorded on 11 November 2019 at 4.30 pm by ASP Ang; 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Exhibit P-92.

(c) Statement recorded 12 November 2019 at 5.20 pm by ASP Ang; 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Exhibit P-26.

and

(d) Statement recorded 19 November 2019 at 11.15am by ASP Ang. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Exhibit P-32.

78 The Defence challenged the admissibility of the following seven statements
(“the challenged statements”):

(a) Statement recorded on 8 November 2019 at 7.40 pm by SSI Mazlan, in which
the accused had admitted to pushing Izz’s head towards the floorboard of the
van; 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Exhibit P-96.

(b) Charge, Notice of Warning and statement dated 8 November 2019 at 9.07 pm
by Supt Koh Yu Shan, Cyndi (“Supt Cyndi Koh”), 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Exhibit P-97.

in which the accused had stated he was remorseful upon being served a charge
of voluntarily causing grievous hurt to Izz by slamming Izz’s head against the
floorboard of the van;

(c) Statement recorded on 12 November 2019 at 10.45 am by ASP Ang, in which
the accused admitted to pushing Izz’s head towards the floorboard of the van;
105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Exhibit P-98.

(d) Statement recorded on 13 November 2019 at 9.45 am by ASP Ang Ghim Sing, in
which the accused stated that he was “rimas” (or uneasy) when he pushed Izz’s
head towards the floorboard; 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Exhibit P-99.

(e) Charge, Notice of Warning and statement dated 14 November 2019 at 2.25 pm
by ASP Ng Choon Siong Desmond (“ASP Desmond Ng”), in which – in response to a
charge of murder by causing the death of Izz - the accused stated that he “did
it in the moment of frustration after hearing [Izz] crying”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Exhibit P-100.

(f) Statement recorded on 20 November 2019 at 2.05 pm by ASP Ang, in which the
accused stated that he and Nadiah had agreed, after discussion, to tell the
hospital staff the story of an accidental fall if the staff asked about Izz’s
injuries; 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Exhibit P-101.

and

(g) Statement recorded on 21 November 2019 at 4.35 pm with 15 photographs
marked as Annex ‘A’ by ASP Ang, depicting the accused’s re-enactment of how he
had pushed Izz’s head against the floorboard. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Exhibit P-102.

79 An ancillary hearing was conducted in respect of these seven disputed
statements, at the end of which I found all seven statements to have been made
voluntarily and admitted them into evidence. I set out below the reasons for
this finding.

The ancillary hearing:

The alleged threats

80 It should be noted that although the High Court has ruled that there is no
legal impediment to the court having sight of the disputed statement during
the ancillary hearing in order to ascertain if any part of it is relevant to
the determination of issues relating to voluntariness (see PP v Mohamed Ansari
bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz and another [2019] SGHC 268 (“Mohamed Ansari”) at
[15]), neither the prosecution nor the defence in this case requested that I
peruse the contents of the disputed statements during the ancillary hearing.
For the purposes of the ancillary hearing, however, it was generally agreed
that the disputed statements were those where the accused had given an account
(or accounts) of events involving his having pushed Izz’s head against the
floorboard of the van, whereas the statements for which voluntariness was not
disputed were those where he had given an account (or accounts) of an
accidental fall.

81 In challenging the voluntariness of these seven statements, the accused
sought to rely on two alleged threats, which were first raised in the Case for
the Defence dated 31 January 2022 and the Further Case for the Defence dated 6
March 2022. First, the accused claimed that on 8 November 2019, while
interviewing him in an interview room at Woodlands Police Division, SSI Mazlan
had banged on the table and told him: “If you never change your statement, you
go to the gallows” 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Additional Case for the Defence dated 6 March 2022.

(“the alleged 8 November 2019 threat”). I should add that in cross-examination
during the ancillary hearing, this threat was phrased slightly differently, as
“If you don’t change your statement, you go to the gallows”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See eg, Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 46 ln 6 to ln 11.

82 Second, the accused claimed that on 11 November 2019 at Police Cantonment
Complex, after he had voluntarily given a statement at 4.30 p.m., he was
brought to a room where there were four to five police officers. According to
the accused, one of the police officers threw a Dasani mineral water bottle
(which was filled with water) at him, striking his left cheek, before telling
him: “You better be remorseful or I buy you a rope” (“the alleged 11 November
2019 threat”). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Case for the Defence dated 31 January 2022.

Witnesses called by the Prosecution in respect of the alleged 8 November 2019
threat

83 SSI Mazlan was identified by the accused as the officer who made the
alleged 8 November 2019 threat to him. SSI Mazlan testified that he had
interviewed the accused between 12.55 p.m. and 1.55 p.m. on 8 November 2019,
in the presence of ASP Ng in Interview Room 2 at Woodlands Police Station. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 35 ln 6 to ln 29.

In cross-examination, it was put to SSI Mazlan that in the course of this
interview, the accused had told him “multiple times” about Izz dropping from
the accused’s arm “onto the plywood floor of the van, onto the footrest, and
onto the ground”; and that “maybe about 1.50 p.m., just before the completion
of the interview”, SSI Mazlan had “banged the table before the accused
multiple times” before standing up, leaning across the table, going “close to
the accused’s right ear”, and saying the words: “If you don’t change your
statement, you go to the gallows”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 44 ln 31 to p 46 ln 17.

SSI Mazlan denied having done any of these things.

84 It was also put to SSI Mazlan that when interviewing the accused a second
time on 8 November 2019, between 7.05 p.m. to 7.40 p.m. in Interview Room B at
PCC (ie, immediately before recording the first of the seven disputed
statements), he had asked the accused: “Do you remember what I told you
earlier in the afternoon at Woodlands Police Division?” SSI Mazlan denied
this. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 49 ln 27 to p 50 ln 6.

His evidence was that when he entered the interview room, he had started by
explaining that he would be interviewing the accused “regarding the case” and
ascertaining whether the accused wished to speak in English or Malay. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 36 ln 28 to p 38 ln 14.

The accused had seemed quiet, and he had “let [the accused] be” for a while,
before prompting him by asking if he had anything else to tell the police.
During this time, the accused “was looking down and quiet”, so SSI Mazlan
decided to wait and to let him think instead. Eventually, the accused stated
that he wanted “to tell the truth”, and it was then that SSI Mazlan decided to
commence recording his statement. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 36 ln 28 to p 38 ln 14; p 49 ln 11 to ln 20.

85 ASP Ng, who was present in the Woodlands Police interview room the 8
November 2019 threat was allegedly made, testified that during the interview,
SSI Mazlan had spoken to the accused in a “professional and courteous” tone,
and he had not banged on the table. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 57 ln 1 to ln 12, ln 23 to ln 31; p 63 ln 21 to
ln 28.

Evidence was also given by Sergeant Shahrel bin Ali (“Sgt Shahrel”), who
arrived at the Woodlands Police interview room while the interview was in
progress, for the purpose of escorting the accused to PCC. Sgt Shahrel denied
having witnessed SSI Mazlan banging on the table, standing up to lean close to
the accused’s right ear, and uttering the words “If you don’t change your
statement, you go to the gallows”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 141 ln 1 to ln 12; p 143 ln 4 to ln 10.

86 Supt Cyndi Koh, who recorded one of the two disputed cautioned statements
from the accused on the night of 8 November 2019, testified that throughout
her interaction with the accused, she did not hear from him any complaints
about any threats, inducements or promises made by SSI Mazlan. She also had no
contact with SSI Mazlan before she recorded the cautioned statement of 8
November 2019. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 at p 66 ln 1 to ln 15; p 67 ln 19 to ln 21.

Mohammad Rashikin bin Rajah, who acted as the interpreter during Supt Cyndi
Koh’s recording of the 8 November 2019 cautioned statement, testified that he
too did not receive any complaints from the accused about SSI Mazlan. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 70 ln 28 to p 71 ln 1.

Witnesses called by the Prosecution in respect of the alleged 11 November 2019
threat

87 Insp Daniel Lim was identified by the accused as the officer who made the
alleged 11 November 2019 threat to him. Insp Daniel Lim testified that on 11
November 2019, his team had been preparing for another High Court case, and he
had returned to PCC at about 6.15 p.m. after serving the papers for the
preliminary inquiry (“PI”) in another case. On his return to PCC, he tidied up
some things. As he received no other instructions from his superior ASP Ang
Ghim Seng, he left PCC for home at about 6.45 p.m. to 7 p.m. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 105 ln 11 to p 107 ln 10.

88 In cross-examination, it was put to Insp Daniel Lim that he had interviewed
the accused earlier on 8 November 2019, at about 3.56 p.m., that he had been
“unfriendly” towards the accused, and that he had told the accused he did not
believe his version of an accidental fall. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 115 ln 2 to ln 5.

Insp Daniel Lim agreed that he had interviewed the accused on the afternoon of
8 November 2019, but clarified that at that stage, the police still did not
know much about the case, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 112 ln 10 to ln 15.

and he had just been “trying to gather” evidence from the accused about the
sequence of events. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 115 ln 6 to ln 10.

He denied having been “unfriendly” towards the accused or having stated that
he did not believe the accused’s version of an accidental fall. Instead,
according to Insp Daniel Lim, he had spent the initial part of the interview
trying to build rapport by asking the accused “about his job, et cetera”. At
this point, the conversation was in English, as Insp Lim had been told that
the accused could speak English. However, as he started going into the
“interview proper”, he noticed that the accused was becoming “rather evasive”,
especially when asked about things such as timing and sequence which did not
seem right – and it was at this point that the accused started asking Insp Lim
questions in Malay. As he found it difficult to carry on the conversation,
Insp Lim informed the IO ASP Ang that he “might not be the right person to
interview [the accused]”; and he was told that another officer would take over
the interview. After this, Insp Lim had “more casual” conversation with the
accused, which had nothing to do with the case. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 112 ln 10 to p 114 ln 20.

89 It was suggested to Insp Daniel Lim that ASP Ang had called him around 7.15
p.m. on 11 November 2019 to tell him that the accused was “not admitting to
his office”. Insp Lim denied this. It was further put to him that he had then
brought the accused from the interview room at the regional lock-up of PCC to
another interview room “on the 14th or 16th floor of [PCC]” between 7.15pm to
7.28pm on 11 November 2019; and that at this other interview room, he had
thrown a “Dasani water bottle” filled with “half a litre of water” at the
accused’s cheek before shouting the words: “You better be remorseful or I will
buy you a rope”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 115 ln 21 to p 115 ln 24.

Insp Lim denied having done any of these things. He testified, moreover, that
all floors of the PCC building had to be accessed by officers using their
police passes; and he himself did not have access to the 14th and the 16th
floors. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 115 ln 30 to p 116 ln 20.

90 ASP Ang Ghim Sing testified that on 11 November 2019, he had started
recording a statement from the accused in Interview Room 5 at PCC, with the
assistance of Malay interpreter Mdm Sapiahtun Mohd Ali (“Mdm Sapiahtun”).
After recording the statement, he printed it out and read it back to the
accused in English, with Mdm Sapiahtun interpreting. The accused was invited
to make any amendments he wished, and he made several amendments. This
statement was one of the four admitted by agreement in this trial (ie, exhibit
P92). In cross-examination, ASP Ang agreed that in this statement (P92), the
accused had given a version of events involving an accidental fall – which was
“entirely different” from the version related in the statement recorded by SSI
Mazlan at 7.40 p.m. on 8 November 2019 (ie, the first of the disputed
statements). 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 86 ln 2 to p 87 ln 14.

It was suggested to ASP Ang that immediately after completing the recording of
P92, he had walked out of the interview room for a short while and had called
one of his colleagues “to say that… the accused was not admitting the
offence”. It was also put to ASP Ang that subsequent to this, “four police
officers came and brought the accused to another interview room”. ASP Ang
denied that any of this had happened. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 89 ln 1 to p 90 ln 29.

Asked about the 13-minute window between the time he recorded the statement-
recording and the time the accused was escorted back to his cell by lock-up
officers, ASP Ang stated that nothing had happened during those 13 minutes:
his evidence was that the 13-minute wait was “very normal” and was in fact
“the average waiting time for the escort officer to respond” to a request. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 91 ln 17 to ln 27.

ASP Ang asserted that he would not have left the interpreter alone in the
interview room with the accused before the escort officers arrived, as he had
to guard the accused until someone else could come to take over. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 89 ln 21 to ln 31.

91 Mdm Sapiahtun testified that she had acted as Malay interpreter for the
recording of the statement P92 by ASP Ang on 11 November 2019. She denied that
ASP Ang had walked out of the interview room after completing the statement-
recording. She also denied that four police officers had come to the interview
room thereafter and taken the accused away. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 103 ln 2 to ln 11.

92 Insp Mohd Shahril bin Ramli (“Insp Shahril”) was called to introduce into
evidence a copy of the Electronic Station Diary (ie, exhibit P93). Insp
Shahril explained that the interview rooms within the regional lock-up of the
PCC were located inside Zone 3, whereas the cells where accused persons were
kept were located inside Zone 4. The ESD would show when the accused was
brought from his cell to an interview room within the regional lock-up; and it
would also show when he was returned from the interview room to his cell. Insp
Shahril also testified that the regional lock-up was in the basement of the
PCC building. The 14th and 16th floors were thus outside the regional lock-up
area. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 130 ln 6 to ln 9.

If the accused was brought out of the regional lock-up to another floor of the
PCC building, such movement would be reflected in the ESD – as would any
movement of the accused from an area outside the regional lock-up back into
the regional lock-up. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 123 ln 19 to o 127 ln 15.

93 According to Insp Shahril, any complaint made by anyone remanded in the
regional lock-up would be reflected in the ESD as well. In the present case,
the ESD did not show any complaints made by the accused for the entire
duration of his remand in the regional lockup from 8 November to 22 November
2019. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 122 ln 28 to p 123 ln 6.

ASP Ang, who recorded further statements from the accused on 12 November 2019
and several subsequent occasions, also testified that he did not receive any
complaints from the accused at any of these statement-recording sessions about
having been subjected to threats. Mdm Sapiahtun, who acted as the Malay
interpreter for the recording of these other statements, testified that she
too was not told by the accused of any threats. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 97 ln 4 to ln 26.

The accused’s evidence

94 The accused claimed that when he was interviewed by SSI Mazlan in the
interview room at Woodlands Police Station between 12.55 p.m. and 1.55 p.m on
8 November 2019, ASP Ng and another police officer were present in the room,
observing the interview. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 5 ln 13 to ln 31.

The accused denied that the other officer present in the interview room was
Sgt Shahrel, claiming instead that it was another police officer who “looked
like Chinese” and whom he was unable to identify. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 41 ln 25 to p 42 ln 14.

According to the accused, he had told SSI Mazlan about Izz accidentally
falling from his arm, hitting his head on the van floorboard, then hitting his
head on the footstep, and finally falling onto the floor. Upon hearing this
account of events, SSI Mazlan looked “unhappy” and “banged” the table
“multiple times” before standing up, leaning close to the accused’s right ear
and saying (in English): “If you don’t change your statement, you will go to
the gallows”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 6 ln 19 to p 7 ln 30.

95 The accused claimed that “SSI Mazlan’s threat [kept] playing on [his] mind”
as he was escorted from Woodlands Police Station to PCC. He “got frightened
and very worried” that if he “did not change [his] statement, [he] would go to
the gallow”. As such, he “decided to create an imaginary story” about having
“pushed” Izz’s head “towards the floorboard”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 9 ln 29 to p 10 ln 10.

However, he did not initially relate this “imaginary story” to Insp Daniel Lim
when he was interviewed by the latter at 3.56 p.m. on 8 November 2019, in the
PCC interview room. Instead, he told Insp Daniel Lim the version of events
involving an accidental fall. He noticed that Insp Lim looked “unhappy” on
hearing this version. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 20 ln 2 to ln 10.

He was then handed over to SSI Mazlan, and he persisted in repeating this
version of the accidental fall to SSI Mazlan when the latter interviewed him
again in the PCC interview room at about 7.05 pm. SSI Mazlan “did not believe
[this] version”, and asked him if he remembered what he had been told by SSI
Mazlan earlier in the afternoon at Woodlands Police. It was only because of
this reminder of the “threat” that he started telling the “imaginary story”
about pushing Izz’s head towards the floorboard of the van. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 10 ln 28 to p 11 ln 16.

96 According to the accused, in the three-day period between 8 November 2019
and 11 November 2019, SSI Mazlan’s “threat” continued “playing on [his] mind”.
However, when he was interviewed by ASP Ang at 4.30 pm on 11 November 2019, he
“decided to come back to [his] original version” of the accidental fall
because ASP Ang was “not threatening" him. The accused claimed that when ASP
Ang concluded the statement-recording, he walked out of the room, leaving the
accused alone with the interpreter Mdm Sapiahtun. When ASP Ang returned to the
interview room, he brought the accused out of the room and handed him over to
“four to five police officers”. The accused was then taken to another
interview room on the 14th or 16th floor, where he was questioned by Insp
Daniel Lim “many times”. When he told Insp Daniel Lim that the accused had
“accidentally” fallen from his arm, the latter appeared “unhappy”. At this
point, the accused and Insp Daniel Lim were seated “facing each other”; and
Insp Lim was holding a “Dasani water bottle filled with water”, while “four to
five police officers” stood behind Insp Lim “observing” the interview. The
accused claimed that Insp Lim threw the bottle of water at his cheek, then
came and sat next to him, pointed a finger “on [his] neck”, and said: “You
better be remorseful, or I buy you a rope”.

97 Following the above incident, the accused was brought back to his cell in
the lock-up area. By this point, both SSI Mazlan’s threat and Insp Daniel
Lim’s threat were “playing on [his] mind”. The following day (12 November
2019), when he was interviewed again by ASP Ang at 10.45 a.m., he “decided to
give [the] imaginary story” about pushing Izz’s head towards the van
floorboard. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 20 ln 24 to p 21 ln 28.

98 In summarising the accused’s position at the conclusion of the ancillary
hearing, his counsel stated that the accused relied specifically on the
alleged 8 November 2019 threat to challenge the voluntariness of the statement
made on 8 November 2019 to SSSI Mazlan, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 93 ln 7 to ln 24.

and the cautioned statement made on 8 November 2019 to Supt Cyndi Koh. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 93 ln 25 to p 94 ln 14.

Counsel also stated that the accused relied specifically on the alleged 11
November 2019 threat to challenge the voluntariness of the statements made on
12 November 2019 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 94 ln 15 to ln 24.

and 13 November 2019 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 94 ln 25 to p 95 ln 2.

to ASP Ang, as well as the cautioned statement made on 14 November 2019 to ASP
Desmond Ng. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 95 ln 3 to ln 10.

As for his challenge to the voluntariness of the two statements recorded by
ASP Ang on 20 November 2019 and 21 November, the accused relied on both the
alleged 8 November 2019 and the 11 November 2019 threats. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 95 ln 11 to ln 30.

99 The accused admitted that he did not at any time tell his previous counsel,
Mr Muzammil, about the alleged 8 November 2019 threat and the alleged 11
November 2019 threat; and that he only brought them up to his new counsel, Mr
Nadarajan, sometime in December 2021. When asked by his counsel to explain why
he had taken such a long time to bring up the alleged threats, the accused
said that it was because these threats “were still playing on [his] mind”; and
he also did not know at the time that the words uttered by SSI Mazlan and Insp
Daniel Lim constituted threats. He only knew that they were threats when his
new counsel told him so. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 26 ln 15 to p 27 ln 14.

100 The accused said that he had understood both SSI Mazlan’s and Insp Lim’s
threats to mean that if he stuck to his “true version” of the accidental fall
and failed to change his statement, he would “face the death sentence”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 27 ln 24 to p 36 ln 15.

According to the accused, it was to avoid the death sentence that he came up
with the “imaginary story” about having pushed Izz’s head towards the
floorboard of the van. He believed that this “imaginary story” was less
serious than his “true version” of the accidental fall because in the true
version of events, Izz had fallen three times. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 29 ln 22 to p 33 ln 2; p 58 ln 12 to ln 31.

101 Aside from the accused, no other defence witnesses were called in the
ancillary hearing.

The law on voluntariness

102 I next set out the legal principles applicable to the consideration of the
voluntariness of an accused’s statement pursuant to s 258(3) CPC. The
determination of voluntariness is a two-stage factual inquiry, comprising an
objective and a subjective limb: per the Court of Appeal (“CA”) in Chai Chien
Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 (“Chai Chien Wei Kelvin”)
at [53]; Sulaiman bin Jumari v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 557 (“Sulaiman”)
at [39]. The first stage entails an objective consideration of whether there
was a threat, inducement or promise having reference to the charge against the
accused person. The second stage of the test of voluntariness is a subjective
consideration of whether the inducement, threat or promise operates on the
mind of the accused person through hope of escape or fear of punishment
connected with the charge: in other words, whether the said inducement, threat
or promise was such that it would be reasonable for the accused to think that
he would gain some advantage or avoid any adverse consequences in relation to
the proceedings against him (Chai Chien Wei Kelvin at [53]; Sulaiman at [39]).

103 Where voluntariness is challenged, the burden of proof lies on the
prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the confession was made
voluntarily: Sulaiman at [36]. That being said, it need not be shown that all
doubt of influence or fear had been removed from the accused’s mind before an
attempt was made to record his confessions. Rather, the trial judge need only
consider whether the evidence of the accused alleging inducements, threats,
promises or assaults, taken together with the prosecution’s evidence, has
raised a reasonable doubt in his mind that the accused was thus influenced
into making the statement (Chai Chien Wei Kelvin at [53], Panya Marmontree and
others v Public Prosecutor [1995] 2 SLR(R) 806 at [29]; Mohamed Ansari at
[9]).

The submissions made by the Prosecution and the Defence

104 The Prosecution submitted that the objective limb of the two-stage test
was not met for the alleged 8 November 2019 threat and the alleged 11 November
2019 threats as these threats “never took place”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 99 ln 1 to ln 5; p 100 ln 15 to ln 22

The Prosecution also submitted that even if there had been a threat made by
SSI Mazlan on 8 November 2019, the subjective limb of the two-stage test would
still not be met because the evidence showed that at 4.30 p.m. on 11 November
2019, the accused was still capable of giving a statement containing his
initial story of an accidental fall. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 100 at ln 23 to ln 31.

Moreover, the accused’s response to the alleged 8 November 2019 threat and the
alleged 11 November 2019 threat did not make sense. The accused’s evidence was
that he understood both SSI Mazlan and Insp Daniel Lim to have told him that
he needed to change his statement from the original (and supposedly true)
version of an accidental fall to a version that would allow him to avoid the
death penalty. If that were indeed the case, then it made no sense for him to
have changed his version of events to a “more serious” version which amounted
to a “confession of intentionally pushing” Izz’s head against the van
floorboard. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 101 at ln 1 to p 102 ln 31.

105 The Defence submitted that the evidence showed SSI Mazlan must have made a
threat against the accused between 1.05 p.m. to 1.55 p.m. on 8 November 2019,
in the interview room at Woodlands Police, because no statement was recorded
during that period of time. According to the Defence, the purpose of this
interview must have been to frighten and threaten the accused into giving a
different statement from his earlier statement. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 104 ln 28 to p 105 ln 18,

As for the 11 November 2019 threat, the Defence argued that this must surely
have occurred because prior to the accused being threatened by Insp Daniel Lim
in the interview room on the 14th or 16th floor of the PCC building, he had
been able to tell ASP Ang “the truth” in the statement recorded at 4.30 p.m.;
and that must have been because “there was no threat from ASP Ang”. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 105 ln 19 to p 106 ln 2,

106 As to why the accused changed his story from one of an accidental fall to
one which “others may consider…more serious”, the Defence argued that the
accused, as a layperson, had “his own thinking and his own interpretation”:
Defence counsel argued that “we have to accept [the accused’s] interpretation”
that a story about his pushing Izz’s head onto the floorboard was somehow less
serious than one in which Izz had “dropp[ed] three times”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 108 ln 5 to ln 12.

107 The Defence declined to comment on Insp Shahril’s testimony and the
evidence of the ESD. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 108 ln 20 to p 109 ln 13.

My findings on the voluntariness of the disputed statements

108 Having considered all the evidence adduced in the ancillary hearing and
having heard submissions from both sides, I was satisfied that the Prosecution
had proven beyond reasonable doubt the voluntariness of the seven disputed
statements.

109 In respect of the first limb of the two-stage test articulated by the CA
in Chai Chien Wei Kelvin and Sulaiman, I was satisfied that the alleged 8
November 2019 threat and the alleged 11 November 2019 threat never occurred.

110 In respect of the alleged 8 November 2019 threat, the evidence showed that
SSI Mazlan was never alone with the accused at any point in time during the
interview between 12.55 p.m. and 1.55 p.m. It was not disputed that ASP Ng was
present at the interview; and that a second police officer was also present –
although the Prosecution and the Defence disagreed on whether this second
police officer was Sgt Shahrel and whether he stayed for the entire interview.
I accepted Sgt Shahrel’s evidence that he was the second police officer
present. The accused admitted that he was unable to identify the officer whom
he claimed “looked like Chinese”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 41 ln 25 to p 42 ln 14.

Sgt Shahrel had no reason to lie about being present in the interview room;
and he had in any event a cogent explanation for why he entered the interview
room: he was there to take over from ASP Ng, to escort the accused. ASP Ng
testified that Sgt Shahrel entered the interview room towards the last 15
minutes of the interview, and that he himself left the room when Sgt Shahrel
arrived, as he had to take over the van for the accused’s transport. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 54 ln 11 to ln 12.

Sgt Shahrel could not remember what time he entered the room, but he recalled
that the interview was still ongoing when he entered, and that ASP Ng left the
room after his arrival. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 140 ln 2 to ln 25.

111 Both ASP Ng and Sgt Shahrel were firm in testifying that they did not
witness SSI Mazlan making any threat to the accused during the interview in
the Woodlands Police interview room on 8 November 2019. In fact, ASP Ng
described SSI Mazlan as having spoken to the accused in a professional and
courteous manner during the interview. The Defence did not suggest any reason
why ASP Ng and/or Sgt Shahrel should have lied to cover up any threats made by
SSI Mazlan. I was also satisfied that there could not have been any collusion
between these three witnesses: SSI Mazlan, for example, did not even recall
Sgt Shahrel being present in the interview room and did not mention him at
all.

112 In respect of the alleged 11 November 2019 threat, the accused’s
allegation about ASP Ang having left the interview room immediately after the
conclusion of the statement-recording was refuted not only by ASP Ang himself
but also by the Malay interpreter Mdm Sapiahtun, who was certain that ASP Ang
had not left her alone in the interview room with the accused at any point in
time. There was no reason for Mdm Sapiahtun to lie about this issue.

113 Further, the accused’s story about having been brought out of the regional
lockup area to another room on a higher floor was entirely refuted by the
objective evidence of the ESD entries and the unchallenged testimony of Insp
Shahril. The relevant ESD entries clearly indicated the accused being escorted
to Interview Room 5 at 4.23pm on 11 November 2019 and then being returned to
his cell in the lock-up area at 7.28pm on the same day. As Insp Shahril
pointed out, if the accused had been brought out of the regional lock-up in
the basement of the PCC building to another floor of the building, and if he
had then been returned from another floor to his cell in the regional lock-up,
these movements would certainly have been reflected in the EDS 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 126 ln 25 to ln 28.

– and yet there was no evidence at all in the ESD of such movements. This
showed that the accused’s story about being brought to a 14th or 16th floor
room and being threatened by Insp Daniel Lim in that room was a pack of lies.

114 As the Prosecution also highlighted in their cross-examination of the
accused, the account he gave in the ancillary hearing of the events on 11
November 2019 contradicted the account provided in his Case for the Defence as
well as the Further Case for the Defence. Most significantly, the Case for the
Defence dated 31 January 2022 had stated that he was first returned to his
cell on 11 November 2019 before being brought out again “some time in the
night” to “a room”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Case for the Defence filed 31 January 2022.

This version of events was strikingly dissimilar from the version the accused
related in the ancillary hearing, which featured “four to five police
officers” coming to Interview Room 5 after the conclusion of his statement-
recording, and bringing him from that room directly to another room on the
14th or 16th floor. When asked about the discrepancies, the accused blamed
them on his own counsel, claiming that counsel had not only made a mistake in
the Case for the Defence but had told him to “just explain to the court”
instead. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 83 ln 1 to ln 15.

Tellingly, in his submissions at the close of the ancillary hearing, counsel
did not even rely on this testimony by the accused. Instead, counsel sought to
suggest that the accused’s own recollection of events might be somewhat
imperfect– which suggestion, with respect, was never even made by the accused
himself. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 106 ln 23 to 25.

115 Finally, as the Prosecution pointed out, despite having been purportedly
“frightened” and “worried” by the threats from SSI Mazlan and Insp Daniel Lim,
the accused made no complaints at any point in time – not to any police
officer, nor to any interpreter, nor to the doctors who examined him before
and after each of his statements – and not even to his own (former) counsel Mr
Muzammil. Indeed, it was not disputed that he told his present counsel about
the alleged threats only in December 2021 – more than half a year after
counsel’s appointment and just a few months before the commencement of the
trial. The accused claimed that this was because after “the incident” (ie,
Izz’s death) had occurred on 8 November 2019, he was still “grieving the death
of Izz” and had a “lot of things running” through his mind: as such, he did
not think of complaining to anyone about the alleged threats. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 74 ln 15 to ln 28.

While this might have sounded like a plausible explanation for his failure to
make any complaint in the days immediately following Izz’s death, it could not
explain his failure to mention the alleged threats to his former counsel Mr
Muzammil during the entire time that the latter was representing him. In this
connection, as noted earlier, when asked to explain his failure to mention the
alleged threats to Mr Muzammil, the accused claimed that it was because the
threats had continued “playing on [his] mind”, and he felt he had to “stick to
[his] imaginary story”. He added that he also did not know at the time that
the words uttered by SSI Mazlan and Insp Lim were threats. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 27 ln 15 to p 28 ln 20.

Neither reason made sense. First of all, on the accused’s own evidence, what
SSI Mazlan and Insp Lim had communicated to him by their threats was that if
he did not change his statement such that he jettisoned his story of an
accidental fall, he would be facing the death penalty. However, it was not
disputed that by the time the accused came to be represented by Mr Muzammil,
he had already been charged with an offence punishable with the death penalty
– ie, the offence of murder. There was thus no reason by that stage for the
accused to hold back from telling Mr Muzammil about the threats, since the
“evil” allegedly threatened by SSI Mazlan and Insp Lim had already come to
pass. Indeed, since the accused claimed that he had told Mr Muzammil that the
story about his pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard was “not the true
version”, 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 at p 27 ln 10 to ln 14.

a fortiori he could and should have explained to the latter why he had told
such a story to the police.

116 As for the accused’s assertion that he did not know at the time that the
words spoken by the two officers constituted “threats”, I did not see why this
purported ignorance of the law should have prevented him from telling Mr
Muzammil about the officers’ alleged conduct. Whatever the legal label to be
applied to that alleged conduct, the bottom line was that the accused had – on
his own evidence – been very “frightened” and “worried” by the things they
said; and in Insp Lim’s case, the verbal statements had even been accompanied
by physical violence (ie, throwing a bottle full of water at the accused such
that it hit his left cheek). There was every reason for the accused to bring
these matters up to his then counsel. The fact that he failed to do so – and
had no coherent explanation for his failure to do so – strongly suggested that
the alleged 8 November 2019 threat and the alleged 11 November 2019 threat
never happened.

117 To sum up on the first limb of the two-stage inquiry into voluntariness,
therefore: on the evidence before me, I was satisfied that the alleged 8
November 2019 threat and the alleged 11 November 2019 threat never in fact
happened. I was satisfied that neither SSI Mazlan nor Insp Daniel Lim made any
threats (or for that matter, any inducements or promises) to the accused on 8
November 2019 and 11 November 2019 respectively.

118 Having made this finding, it was not necessary for me to consider the
second stage of the two-stage inquiry into voluntariness. However, in the
interests of completeness, I should make it clear that I did consider this
second stage; and I was satisfied that even assuming the alleged threats had
been made, the Prosecution would in any event also have been able to clear the
second stage of the inquiry. As the CA noted in Sulaiman (at [39] – [40]),
this is the subjective limb of the inquiry: at this stage, the court “will
consider all the circumstances, including the personality and experience of
the accused person, when it decides whether and how any inducement, threat of
promise has affected the accused person in the statement-recording process”.

119 In this connection, as the Prosecution pointed out, after purportedly
having been told that he would face the death penalty if he did not change his
story about an accidental fall, the accused actually changed his story to a
much more serious one about pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard of the
van. The accused claimed that from his point of view, the original “true”
story of an accidental fall was “more serious” than the “imaginary story”
about his pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard because the “true” story
involved Izz falling three times. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 27 ln 29 to p 28 ln 20.

This did not make sense because based on the accused’s own narrative, all
three falls were not caused by him and were instead the direct result of Izz
having fidgeted while being held in the accused’s arm. The accused claimed
that the three falls showed he had been “careless” or “negligent” – but even
if that were true, it still did not explain why an “imaginary story” about
pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard constituted a “less serious” version
of events. After all, based on the accused’s own account, the act of pushing
Izz’s head against a firm surface was a conscious act; it was neither an
accident nor an act of automatism.

120 In his submissions at the close of the ancillary hearing, Defence counsel
urged me to “accept” the accused’s interpretation on the ground that he was a
“layperson” with “his own thinking”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 108 ln 5 to ln 12.

It is true that the subjective limb of the two-stage inquiry into
voluntariness calls for the court to consider inter alia “the personality and
experience of the accused person” in deciding whether and how any inducement,
threat or promise has affected him in the statement-recording process
(Sulaiman at [40]). In the present case, however, I did not see why being a
“layperson” – as opposed, presumably, to being a legal professional – would
have led the accused to believe that a story about intentionally pushing Izz’s
head against the floorboard was a “less serious” story than one about Izz
falling in an accident (albeit falling “three times”).

121 To sum up, therefore: at the conclusion of the ancillary hearing, I was
satisfied that the Prosecution had proven beyond reasonable doubt the
voluntariness of the seven disputed statements.

122 In the interests of completeness, I did note that in Sulaiman, the CA held
that apart from the statutory admissibility regime under s 258(3) CPC which
focuses on voluntariness, the court retains a residual discretion at common
law to exclude statements which – despite having been found to be voluntary
within the meaning of s 258(3) – “nonetheless suffer from some form of
unfairness in terms of the circumstances and process by which they were
obtained” (Sulaiman at [45]. In the present case, defence counsel did not make
any arguments about invoking the court’s exclusionary discretion on the basis
of some form of unfairness in the statement-recording process. In any event,
there was nothing in the evidence to justify the exercise of the court’s
discretion to exclude the disputed statements on this separate basis. I noted
that in his testimony, the accused made several reference to how he had been
“grieving the death of Izz” and “running a lot of things under [his] mind” 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Transcript of 7 April 2022 p 12 ln 5 to ln 11.

during the course of police investigations. However, these were references of
an extremely vague and general nature: there was nothing in the evidence per
se to show that the disputed statements suffered “from some form of unfairness
in terms of the circumstances and process by which they were obtained”.

123 At the end of the ancillary hearing, therefore, I admitted all seven
disputed statements into evidence.

Close of the Prosecution’s case

124 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, the Defence did not make a
submission of no case to answer. As I was satisfied that the Prosecution had
made out a prima facie case against the accused on the charge of murder under
s 300I PC, I called on the accused for his defence. He elected to give
evidence and also called his sister, Nur Atikah binte Mohamed Yusoff
(“Atikah”) to give character evidence on his behalf.

The evidence led by the defence

The accused’s evidence

(1) Background

125 The accused gave evidence that he had started a relationship with Nadiah
in September 2019 and that he had also first met Izz in September 2019. He
claimed that he had treated Izz as “[his] own son”, and that the three of them
had gone for meals, outings and staycations on various occasions. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 5 ln 24 to p 25 ln 15.

He had also started a delivery business together with Nadiah and her brother
Faris, for which he had bought a Toyota HiAce van. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 7 ln 16 to ln 30.

Faris was the guarantor for the vehicle loan taken out by the accused in
respect of this van. This was the same van he was driving on 7 November 2019.

(A) The dinner at Wisteria Mall

126 On 7 November 2019, the accused met with Nadiah and Faris at the void deck
of their parents’ flat. After getting Faris to sign the guarantor documents
for the vehicle loan, the accused drove to Sin Ming with Nadiah and Izz in the
van, to hand the guarantor documents to the van dealer. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 8 ln 10 to p 9 ln 31.

Thereafter, he had dinner with Nadiah and Izz at a Long John Silver outlet at
Long Wisteria Mall. It was during the dinner that Izz spilled a drink on the
accused and started to cry. The accused claimed, however, that he “wasn’t
angry with Izz at all” as Izz was “a 9 months old boy” and “too small”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 10 ln 12 to ln 15.

After he had cleaned Izz up, he brought Izz down to the basement carpark,
handed Izz back to Nadiah when Nadiah came to the carpark, and drove them to
her parents’ flat in Choa Chu Kang. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 19 ln 20 to ln 32.

127 In cross-examination, the accused was referred to a series of WhatsApp
messages 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Exhibit P-84.

which he had exchanged with Nadiah between 10.36 p.m. and 10.43 p.m. on 7
November 2019 (ie after he had dropped her off at her parents’ flat); in
particular, to a message from Nadiah at 10.36 p.m. in which she had said to
the accused (inter alia), “Sorry about just nw [sic]”, and another message
from her at 10.38 p.m. in which she had said (inter alia), “Please don’t give
up on me or Izz. I want you not to feel pissed off easily. I want you to be
more patience [sic] n gv me time to learn being an independent mum”. The
accused disagreed that Nadiah’s messages were in reference to the incident at
Long John Silver where Izz had spilt the drink on the accused. He also denied
that he had been upset when Izz spilt the drink on him. According to the
accused, he had no idea what Nadiah was referring to when she spoke of not
wanting him to “feel pissed off easily” and had simply replied “I won’t, awak”
(meaning “I won’t, dear”) without thinking much. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 at p 3 ln 25 to p 8 ln 7.

128 According to the accused, when he sent Nadiah back to her parents’ flat on
the night of 7 November 2019, she was the one who had asked him to look after
Izz for the night, as she needed to work the following day. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 11 ln 4 to ln 9.

After the accused agreed, she handed over Izz and some “baby stuff” to him
before leaving for her brother’s flat in a Grab vehicle. This was how the
accused came to be alone with Izz on the night of 7 November 2019. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 11 ln 2 to ln 31.

(B) The events which occurred at the Yishun MSCP

129 The accused’s initial plan was to head to his parents’ home in Yishun and
to bring Izz with him into his brother’s bedroom. After parking the van in the
Yishun MSCP, he texted his father to say that he wanted to bring Izz home for
the night. However, he understood from his father’s replies that it was “not a
convenient time” for him to bring Izz back to the flat. He decided to inform
Nadiah of this and to return Izz to her, but he did not do so immediately. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 12 ln 13 and p 23 ln 12 to p 26 ln 9.

Instead, he left Izz in the rear cabin of the van and went to the nearby Sheng
Siong supermarket to “buy some items, such as tissue roll, wet tissue and a
can of Red Bull”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 12 ln 13 to ln 25.

130 On returning from the supermarket to the van in the Yishun MSCP, the
accused found Izz in a “crawling position” and crying” inside the rear cabin
of the van. He also saw a red plastic bag on the floor of the rear cabin, with
some of its contents “spilt out”. At this point, although he had initially
intended to return Izz to Nadiah, he decided that he would "bring Izz straight
to [his] parents’ flat” and “convince [his] parents” to allow Izz to stay
over. This was because he felt “pity for Izz as Izz [had] no place to sleep”.
185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 27 ln 16 to p 29 ln 13.

As to the sequence of events which occurred next, the accused’s evidence at
trial was as follows:

So, I took a red plastic bag into my left hand, Izz was into my right arm,
Izz’s face facing me, and Izz’s buttock was onto my forearm resting. And at
the same time, when I tried to close the right sliding door using my full
strength, at this time Izz was fidgeted. As I lost balance, Izz accidentally
fell from my arm. I saw Izz’s head hit onto the floorboard first, Izz hit a
second time on the footstep, I mean the footrest, before falling onto the
floor. If I can remember, Your Honour, Izz’s face was facing downwards on the
floor and it happened so fast, Your Honour, and then I couldn’t save Izz. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 29 ln 14 to ln 21.

131 The accused estimated that just before Izz’s fall, the distance between
Izz’s position on the accused’s arm and the plywood floorboard of the van was
about 50 centimetres. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 at p 33 ln 24 to ln 27.

After the fall, he picked Izz up. Izz was “crying” at this time, and the
accused placed him back in the rear cabin of the van, in “a crawling
position”. He then tried unsuccessfully to call Nadiah. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 29 ln 22 to ln 24, p 34 ln 1 to ln 20.

When she finally called him back, he told her that he wanted to meet her and
she agreed. At this point, he did not “call the ambulance or bring Izz… to the
hospital”, because he felt “very panicky” and thought that it was his
“responsibility to inform the mother of the child” about the fall. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 35 ln 14 to ln 20.

(C) The events which occurred after the accused met up with Nadiah

132 The accused admitted that when he met up with Nadiah, he had lied to her
at first about how Izz had fallen: he told her that he had been playing with
his phone while Izz was at the rear cabin, and Izz had crawled out of the van
and fallen on the floor. He claimed that he told Nadiah these lies because he
did not want her to accuse him of neglecting Izz. Thereafter, he brought her
to the rear cabin and handed Izz over to her. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 38 ln 23 to p 39 ln 3.

He claimed that at this point, Izz was “still alive, still responsive”. He
then decided to "come clean with Nadiah”: he told her that Izz had "fidgeted”
and “accidentally” fallen from his arm “onto the floorboard first, hit his
head the second time on the footstep, which is the footrest, before falling
onto the floor”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 38 ln 23 to p 39 ln 12.

133 The accused also admitted that he had driven "aimlessly” for a while, but
said that this was because he had been “looking for a spot to have a quick
pee”. At one point, he stopped the van “somewhere near Clementi” to “have
quick pee under the tree”. He then drove off again but subsequently stopped
the van “somewhere near to JCube”. At this time, Nadiah was carrying Izz in
the baby carrier which was strapped around her. The accused asked her “how
long” the injury on Izz’s forehead would take to heal, and she told him that
“it wouldn’t be so fast”. According to the accused, he knew that Izz was still
responsive at this point because he could see that “Izz’s hand was moving”. At
the same time, he was talking to Nadiah about their delivery business and how
he would “arrange” the business. Following this “short conversation”, they
both realised that “Izz looked very weak”. The accused denied that he
deliberately delayed going to NUH: 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 93 ln 20 to ln 23.

in fact, he claimed that he was the one who told Nadiah they should send Izz
to NUH. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 39 ln 12 to p 41 ln 26.

134 In cross-examination, the accused denied having told Nadia “Izz tak ada”.
194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 45 ln 19.

He also denied having suggested to her that they should pay someone to bury
Izz and then report to the police a year later that Izz was missing. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 45 ln 22 to ln 27.

When asked if he knew of any reason why Nadiah should have given evidence
about his making such a suggestion, the accused alleged that while he was in
remand, he had met Nadiah’s cousin (who was also in remand); and the latter,
knowing of their relationship, had told him that Nadiah “was remanded at [PCC]
lockup, and… [she] was threatened by the IO because the IO accused her
involved [sic] in Izz’s death”. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 88 ln 14 to p 89 ln 28.

135 As to their trip to NUH, the accused admitted that before they went to
NUH, he had told Nadiah that if the hospital were to ask what had happened,
she was to tell them that Izz had fallen from his arm. On being referred to
Nadiah’s conditioned statement, 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 45 ln 6 to ln 7.

he admitted that he had told Nadiah to tell the hospital that Izz had
“suddenly fidgeted” before falling; that Izz had hit his head, bounced, and
hit his head a second time on the footstep before falling on the floor; that
Izz’s body had still been warm, with a weak pulse, at 1 a.m.; that he had
performed CPR on Izz; that he had not summoned an ambulance because he had
called Nadiah instead; that Izz had still been warm when she met with him; and
that they had proceeded to the hospital after Izz started to turn cold. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 45 ln 28 to p 47 ln 24.

His explanation for having told Nadiah what to tell the hospital was that
since she was “not there” when the accident occurred and did not know
anything, he was "just brief[ing]” her on what he described as the “true
version” of events. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 46 ln 3 to ln 10.

In cross-examination, he admitted that he had told Nadiah to say that he had
given Izz CPR even though it was not true, because he was afraid of being
accused of neglecting Izz. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

See transcript of 13 April 2022 p 92 ln 12 to p 93 ln 3.

(D) The events at NUH

136 As to their arrival in NUH, the accused was asked in cross-examination why
he had not driven straight to the driveway of the A&E to seek immediate
medical assistance. He claimed that at that point in time, it had occurred to
him that he could not park his van in the A&E driveway, which was why he drove
to the basement carpark instead. Asked why he had not thought of dropping
Nadiah off at the A&E driveway before driving the van to the carpark, he said
he “didn’t think much”, but denied that this demonstrated his lack of interest
in getting medical attention for Izz. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 97 ln 10 to p 98 ln 19.

The accused also denied that he had spent time wiping his face and brushing
his teeth after parking the van in the basement carpark. It was not disputed,
however, that the screenshots of the CCTV footage in the basement carpark 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Exhibit P-91.

showed a 16-minute gap between the time when he parked his van (3.35 a.m.) and
the time when he left the van with Nadiah (3.51 a.m.). The accused at first
said that he could not remember what he was doing during that time. Then, when
the relevant passages from Nadiah’s conditioned statement were read back to
him, 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Conditioned Statement of Nadiah Bte Abdul Jalil at AB pp 112 – 116, paras 10
and 16.

he said he recalled that he had been looking for his “spare phone” but “the
rest [he] can’t remember”. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 99 ln 15 to p 101 ln 15.

137 The screenshots of the CCTV footage in the basement carpark 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Exhibit P-91.

further showed that although the accused left the van with Nadiah at 3.51
a.m., the two of them only arrived at the A&E at 4.11 a.m. The accused
admitted that he had spent the intervening period of time looking for a spot
to dispose of his mobile phone. He said that this had been a “mistake”, but
denied that it was because he already knew at the time that Izz was dead and
that there was therefore no emergency: according to him, even between 4.02
a.m. and 4.11 a.m, when he was walking outside NUH to dispose of his mobile
phone, he had still believed that Izz was “alive but in a weak condition”. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 101 ln 16 to p 105 ln 25.

(E) The accused’s cautioned statements

138 In cross-examination, the accused was also questioned inter alia about his
cautioned statements. In his cautioned statement of 8 November 2019, 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Exhibit P-97.

he had stated in response to a charge of voluntarily causing grievous hurt to
Izz by “slamming [Izz’s] head against the floorboard” of the van that –

I don’t have the intention to do this to the child. I’m remorseful. I love the
child and I will miss the child forever. I hope your Honour to plea for
leniency. I am still young and have a long way to go. I will take note that
such thing won’t happen again in the future. That’s all.

139 When it was pointed out to him that he had expressed remorse and pleaded
for leniency in response to the charge of “slamming” Izz’s head “against the
floorboard” of the van, the accused claimed that he had said it “wrongly”
because he had been “scared” after being shouted at by “a few of the police
officer who interviewed” him. When it was pointed out to him that only DSP
Cyndi Koh had interviewed him for this cautioned statement on 8 November 2019,
the accused said that it was the “few police officer… escorting [him] here and
there” who had shouted at him. He claimed that these officers had asked him “a
lot of questions” about “what actually happened”, and that they had told him
he “better tell [them] the truth… better show some remorse”. When it was
pointed out to him that he had been warned prior to the statement-recording
about the potential consequences of failing to reveal any fact or matter in
his defence, he said that he had not paid attention to what was read out to
him during the statement-recording as he had still been “grieving the death of
Izz” at the time. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 61 ln 8 to p 69 ln 10.

140 As for his cautioned statement of 14 November 2019, 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Exhibit P-100.

in response to a charge of murder, the accused had stated –

I have no intention of killing Izz Fayyaz at all. I didn’t plan to commit any
crime. I did not plan to commit this murder case. I love kids. And why would I
intentionally kill him? I did it in the moment of anger frustration after
hearing him crying. I would like to plead for lenience and I hope that the
Judge will give me a second chance. I am still young and have a long way to
go. I am sorry for my action and I am remorseful.

141 As seen from above, the word “anger” in the statement was cancelled and
replaced by the word “frustration”. The accused claimed that the word “anger”
had been supplied by the officer recording the statement, ASP Desmond Ng, who
had asked him, “You did it in a moment of anger?” According to the accused, he
had told ASP Ng that it was “not because of anger”; and he had asked ASP Ng to
delete the word “anger” and to replace it with the word “frustration” – but
although he himself was the one who had said the word “frustration”, he had
said it “wrongly”, and he did not know why this word had “suddenly…[come] out
from [his] mouth”. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 71 ln 1 to p 73 ln 6.

142 The accused was then referred to the statement recorded from him by ASP
Ang on 13 November 2019 at 9.45 a.m., 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Exhibit P-99.

in which – in response to a question as to what was in his mind when he pushed
Izz’s head towards the floorboard - he had initially stated that he “was not
thinking of anything” and that he “was “rimas” [a word which he had explained
as meaning “uneasy”] over Izz’s crying, before deleting the words “over Izz’s
crying”. According to the accused, he had “answered wrongly” when questioned
by ASP Ang. He disagreed that he had asked ASP Ang to delete the words “over
Izz’s crying” after realising that this might be incriminating. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 74 ln 4 to ln 28.

143 The accused was also referred to Dr Cheow’s IMH report, in which the
latter had recorded, inter alia, the initial account of events provided by the
accused at his first interview. In the initial account documented by Dr Cheow,
the accused had referred to Izz crying and had reported feeling
“uncomfortable” due to Izz “constantly interrupting him”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

AB at pp 89 – 90, paras 13 – 25.

The accused did not dispute the account recorded in these passages in Dr
Cheow’s report: his response was 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 76 ln 16 to p 77 ln 7.

–

It’s just a word… Even though I say it wrongly or be it I said it rightly,
when I packed the babys stuff, the baby might be constantly interrupting me,
but that doesn’t mean I get angry with Izz… I wasn’t angry with Izz… (I)t’s
normal for children to cry at their age. So I disagree when the DPP told me
that to stop him from crying, I pushed Izz’s head towards the floorboard.

(2) Nur Atikah binte Mohamed Yusoff (“Atikah”)

144 Atikah is the accused’s sister. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 14 ln 15.

She gave character evidence on behalf of the accused. In gist, she stated that
the accused “loves children”, that he would help to take care of her daughter
when she was at work, that he was a hardworking person who had been “venturing
into his new business”, and that he had “quite a bright future”. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 18 ln 21 to p 19 ln 3.

Recall of certain prosecution witnesses

145 At the conclusion of the defence case, the Prosecution applied under  
s 283 CPC to recall four witnesses.

146 First, it will be recalled that the accused had made allegations regarding
the insertion and cancellation of words in the cautioned statement recorded by
ASP Desmond Ng. In this connection, the Prosecution applied to recall ASP
Desmond Ng and the Malay interpreter, Ms Maria bte Bazid (“Ms Maria”). 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 20 ln 3 to ln 27.

147 ASP Desmond Ng testified that the cancellation of the word “anger” and the
substitution of the word “frustration” were made while he was writing out the
paragraph as it was interpreted to him in English by the interpreter who was
then interpreting for the accused. The interpreter had conveyed the words
“anger” and “after hearing him crying” while she was interpreting for the
accused. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 at p 24 ln 26 to p 25 ln 13.

In cross-examination, it was put to ASP Desmond Ng that he was the one who had
written the words “I did it in the moment of anger”; and that when he read the
statement to the accused, the latter had told him to delete the word “anger”
and to put in the word “frustration” instead. ASP Desmond Ng disagreed that
this was what had happened. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 26 ln 30 to p 27 ln 16.

148 Ms Maria testified that the accused spoke in a mixture of English and
Malay during the recording of the cautioned statement. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 33 ln 6,

The “standard practice” was that if the accused spoke in English, she would
“leave it be”; whereas if the accused spoke in Malay, she would interpret the
Malay words into English. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 32 ln 12 to ln 22.

The word “anger” would have come from the accused: either the accused would
have said this in English himself, or if he had said it in Malay, she would
have interpreted it in English to ASP Desmond Ng. The cancellation of the word
“anger” and the substitution of the word “frustration” would have been
requested by the accused himself. As for the words “after hearing him crying”,
these were uttered by the accused himself in Malay and interpreted into
English by Ms Maria. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 29 ln 24 to p 31 ln 17.

According to Ms Maria if the accused had not used the word “anger”, that word
would not have been written down. Similarly, if he had not said the words
“after hearing him crying”, these words would not have been written down
either. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 34 ln 20 to p 35 ln 12.

149 Second, it will be recalled that when he was asked if he knew of any
reason why Nadiah would lie about his having suggested that they pay someone
to bury Izz first before reporting him missing a year later, the accused had
made allegations about Nadiah’s possible motive: according to the accused, he
had heard from Nadiah’s cousin that Nadiah had been remanded and that she had
even been threatened by the IO. The suggestion appeared to be that Nadiah must
have wanted to shift any blame for Izz’s death away from herself by pinning it
on the accused. In this connection, the Prosecution applied to recall Nadiah
and ASP Ang. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 20 ln 31 and p 21 ln 19.

150 ASP Ang testified that he had never, at any point in his interaction with
Nadiah, accused her of being involved in Izz’s death. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 36 ln 18 to ln 28.

He also denied that Nadiah had been arrested or remanded in PCC or kept in the
PCC lock-up at any point. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 36 ln 32 to p 37 ln 5 and p 38 ln 26 to ln 27.

151 As for Nadiah, she too testified that she had not been arrested nor
remanded in connection with Izz’s death. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 40 ln 15 to ln 18; p 44 ln 27 to p 45 ln 1.

While the police had asked her if she was involved in Izz’s death, 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 45 ln 29 to ln 32.

this was when they were interviewing her in order to find out “the background
of what happened”: the IO had not accused her of being involved in Izz’s
death; and she believed that they knew – after she gave her statement – that
she was not involved. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 45 ln 14 to ln 32.

According to Nadiah, she had not told her cousin anything about being
threatened by the IO; and in fact, she had not contacted her cousin for “quite
some time”. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 45 ln 14 to ln 17.

152 The trial concluded with Nadiah’s evidence on recall.

The law relating to s 300(c) Penal Code

153 Per s 300(c) of the PC:

Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder –

(c) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death.

154 In Wang Wanfeng v Public Prosecutor [2012] 4 SLR 390 (“Wang Wanfeng”), the
CA – citing Virsa Singh v State of Punjab AIR 1958 SC 465 (“Virsa Singh”) as
well as its earlier decisions in cases such as Tan Chee Wee v PP [2004] 1
SLR(R) 479 (“Tan Chee Wee”) – held (at [32]) that the ingredients of the
offence of murder under s 300(c) were as follows:

(a) A death has been caused to a person by an act of the accused;

(b) That act resulting in bodily injury was done with the intention of causing
that bodily injury to the deceased; and

(c) That bodily injury intended to be inflicted was sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death.

155 As the CA explained in Wang Wanfeng (at [61]), the mens rea of the offence
is the intention to inflict the particular bodily injury, whereas the actus
reus is the actual infliction of that bodily injury: the “intention to injure
and the actual bodily injury caused coalesce in the single act of inflicting
the injury”; and if the bodily injury so caused is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death, murder has been committed under s 300(c) as a
matter of course.

156 In the recent case of Public Prosecutor v Azlin bte Arujunah & another
[2022] SGCA 52 (“Azlin”), the CA reiterated the above elements of the offence
under s 300(c). In Azlin, the CA held (at [133]) that to establish murder
under s 300(c) against the accused persons in that case, the prosecution would
have to establish, first, the cause of death – ie, death must have been caused
by the accused as a result of acts carried out by the accused (in Azlin, the
pouring of very hot water on the deceased – their young son – thereby causing
severe scalding injuries); second, the intention to cause the injury, which
“is a subjective inquiry pursuant to the well-established test laid down in
Virsa Singh”; and third, the consequences of the injury, which is an objective
inquiry, ie, whether the bodily injury inflicted was sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death.

157 In respect of the mens rea required under s 300(c), the CA has made it
clear in numerous cases that it is not necessary for the accused to have known
or intended the potentially fatal consequence of inflicting the bodily injury;
it is sufficient that the accused intentionally caused the particular bodily
injury inflicted (Wang Wanfeng at [33], citing Tan Chee Wee at [42] – [32]).
As the CA in Tan Chee Wee put it, s 300(c) “envisions that the accused
subjectively intends to cause a bodily injury that is objectively likely to
cause death in the ordinary course of nature” (at [42]). In PP v Lim Poh Lye
and another [2005] 4 SLR(R) 582 (“Lim Poh Lye”), the CA elaborated on the test
in the following terms:

22 As stated in Virsa Singh, for an injury to fall within s 300(c), it must be
one which, in the normal course of nature, would cause death and must not be
an injury that was accidental or unintended, or that some other kind of injury
was intended. Whether a particular injury was accidental or unintended is a
question of fact which has to be determined by the court in the light of the
evidence adduced and taking into account all the surrounding circumstances of
the case. If the court should at the end of the day find that the accused only
intended to cause a particular “minor injury”, to use the term of the court in
Tan Joo Cheng, which injury would not, in the normal course of nature, cause
death, but, in fact caused a different injury sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death, cl (c) would not be attracted.

23 It would be different, if the injury caused was clearly intended but the
offender did not realise the true extent and consequences of that injury.
Thus, if the offender intended to inflict what, in his view, was an
inconsequential injury, where, in fact, that injury is proved to be fatal, the
offender would be caught by s 300(c) for murder. The statement in Tan Joo
Cheng quoted above at [21] does not appear to differentiate between this
situation and that described in [22] above.

The first element of the s 300(c) charge

158 In respect of the first element of the s 300(c) charge in the present
case, the Prosecution bore the burden of proving that Izz’s death was caused
by an act of the accused. The actus reus alleged against the accused in this
case was the act of pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard of the van
twice, on the night of 7 November 2019. This was denied by the accused, who
claimed that Izz’s death was caused – not by any act on his part – but by an
accidental fall in which Izz had “suddenly fidgeted” and fallen head-first
from the accused’s arm onto the floorboard of the van, then onto the footrest,
and finally onto the ground. Having considered the evidence adduced, I found
that Izz’s death was in fact caused by the accused’s act of pushing Izz’s head
against the floorboard twice; and I rejected the accused’s account of events.
I explain below the reasons for this finding.

The accused’s statements

159 First, the Prosecution’s case in relation to the actus reus of the present
offence was based in part on the accused’s own statements. In several of the
statements given to the police, the accused described how he had used his hand
to “hold [the] back of Izz’s head” before pushing Izz’s head against the
floorboard of the van twice: see for example the statement recorded from the
accused at 7.40 p.m. on 8 November 2019, 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Exhibit P-96.

the statement recorded from the accused at 10.45 a.m. on 12 November 2019 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Exhibit P-98.

and the statement recorded from the accused at 4.35 p.m. on 21 November 2019.
233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Exhibit P-102.

The statement of 21 November 2019 also referred to photographs of the
accused’s re-enactment of the incident, in which the accused demonstrated how
he had first held Izz’s head in such a way that Izz’s head “hit the edge of
the floorboard” with the left side of his face “touching the floorboard”, and
how he had held Izz’s head a second time and “pushed it towards the
floorboard” such that “Izz hit the centre of the floorboard with his face
down”.

160 At trial, the accused disavowed all the statements in which he had given
evidence about pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard. According to the
accused, the “true version” was that of the accidental fall, as recounted in
the Case for the Defence dated 31 January 2022 and in his testimony at trial.
The Defence argued that despite having admitted to pushing Izz’s head against
the floorboard in the above statements, the accused had also given the police
his “accidental fall” version in the statement recorded on 11 November 2019 at
4.30 p.m.: the implication of this argument appeared to be that since the
accused had given the police another account which was inconsistent with the
account of his act of pushing Izz’s head, the latter must be false, or at
least unreliable.

161 Insofar as the accused has given inconsistent versions of events in his
statements, the CA has held that where there exist inconsistencies and
shortcomings in an accused’s statements (eg, the statements contain
inconsistencies when compared to each other), the trial judge is entitled to
rely on such parts of the statements as he thinks can be relied on, and to
decide which, if any, of the inconsistent portions represent the truth:
Thongbai Naklangdon v PP [1996] 1 SLR(R) 55 at [47].

162 I have already explained elsewhere in these written grounds my reasons for
finding in favour of the voluntariness and admissibility of those statements
on which the accused recounted pushing Izz’s head twice against the van
floorboard. At the end of the trial, I decided that full weight should be
given to those statements. I set out below the evidence in this case which
bore out the account given in those statements – and which refuted the
accused’s account of an “accidental fall”.

The medical and forensic evidence

163 The evidence of the forensic pathologist, Dr Gilbert Lau, was that the
cause of death was traumatic intracranial haemorrhage; and that this injury
“would be consistent with the infliction of blunt force trauma to the head and
face”. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

AB at pp 79 – 85 at para 4.

To recapitulate: Dr Lau’s evidence was that a “blunt force injury” usually
happened when there had been a “blow with a blunt object including say a fist
or an arm that is…applied to the relevant part of the body”, or when that part
of the body had been “pushed against a hard surface or object”. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 13 ln 2 to ln 11.

Dr Lau also explained that the blunt force applied to the head would have been
transmitted through the skull bones to the brain, causing the rupture of the
blood vessels on the surface of the brain 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 21 ln 3 to ln 12.

– ie, the traumatic intracranial haemorrhage; and this traumatic intracranial
haemorrhage would have led to death because as it caused pressure to build up
within the cranial cavity, the blood supply to the brain would have been
increasingly compromised, and ultimately the vital centres of control in the
brain stem – such as respiration, heart function and blood pressure – would
have been compromised as well. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 30 ln 27 to p 31 ln 2.

164 It will be recalled that Dr Lau was taken through the differing accounts
given by the accused of what had actually happened to Izz on the night of 7
November 2019 (as summarised by the Prosecution in the set of slides marked as
exhibit P106). 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

See paras 65 – 74 of this Judgement.

It will also be recalled that in respect of the accounts which narrated an
accidental fall of some sort, Dr Lau testified that if the deceased had indeed
fallen head down in the manner described by the accused and with sufficient
force to have caused the internal injuries to the brain observed in the
autopsy, then one would have expected “some laceration or some linear abrasion
of the skull” – but no such laceration or linear abrasion was found in the
autopsy. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 44 ln 8 to ln 22, p 46 ln 2 to p 47 ln 6.

Further, insofar as the accused had recounted an accidental fall involving
three points of impact (where Izz had fallen headfirst onto the floorboard,
“bounced” off the floorboard, hit the footstep, and then fallen to the
ground), Dr Lau stated that he could not see how – if any part of Izz had
fallen onto a hard or firm surface such as the van floorboard – it would have
“bounced” off that surface. In particular, if Izz had fallen headfirst onto
the floorboard, then “logically, instead of bouncing off, what ought to have
happened is that the rest of the body should then simply have fallen onto the
floorboard itself”, since the head is “a solid structure”, even in a child –
and “not a sphere that is filled with air nor…a rubber ball”. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 45 ln 4 to ln 30.

165 Conversely, in respect of the version of events involving the accused
pushing Izz’s head against the van floorboard twice, Dr Lau testified that
this was “the most compelling account of the events…likely to have led to the
death of the deceased”. Further, Dr Lau was referred to the photographs
showing the accused’s re-enactment of the pushing incident in the van, 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Exhibit P-4(20) – (22); Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 49 ln 8 to ln 26.

which showed that the accused had first pushed Izz’s head to the floorboard in
such a way that the left side of his face came into contact with the
floorboard, and then picked him up and seated him at the centre of the rear
cabin before putting a hand on the top of his head to push him a second time,
this time face-down, towards the floorboard. Dr Lau testified that this
account of events was consistent with many of the external injuries found on
the head (the bruising of the left temporalis muscle, the external injuries on
the forehead), as well as the internal injuries of the scalp. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 49 ln 26 to p 50 ln 17.

He was of the opinion that there would have been two discrete points of impact
to the head in this case: one to the front of the head and one to the left
side of the head. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 51 ln 4 to ln 9.

In his words: 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 50 ln 13 to ln 18.

(B)oth actions, pushing the child first, the left side of the head against the
floorboard, and subsequently the front of the head against the floorboard,
could have caused sufficient deformation of the skull to have resulted in the
subdural and subarachnoid haemorrhage that was found at the autopsy.

166 It should be noted that Dr Lau’s position was that in addition to the
fatal traumatic intracranial haemorrhage, other injuries such as the facial
abrasions and bruises as well as the laceration of the frenulum of the upper
lip were also indicative of non-accidental injury and consistent with the
infliction of blunt force trauma to the head and face. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

AB at p 85, paras 3 – 4.

In respect of the laceration of the frenulum of the upper lip, Dr Lau
testified that this would constitute a third point of trauma, because in his
opinion, this injury “would have been due to a direct blow of some sort to the
lips or to the mouth”. I accepted Dr Lau’s testimony on this score, as he was
able to explain why he did not think this injury was the result of an
accident. In gist, he explained that it was unlikely that the laceration of
the frenulum had been caused either in the process of the child being fed milk
or through a fall sustained while crawling. The first scenario was unlikely
due to the softness of the teat of a milk bottle. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 26 ln 2 to ln 6.

As for the second scenario, if Izz had indeed fallen on his face while
crawling, the distance his head would have traversed before hitting the floor
would not have been great, and the first point of contact would likely have
been his chin and not his upper lip. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 56 ln 32 to p 57 ln 11.

I should add that although the Defence seemed to think that Nadiah’s testimony
supported their theory that the laceration of the frenulum occurred when Izz
fell on his face while crawling, this was not in fact the case. What Nadiah
actually said in cross-examination was that on one occasion, Izz had hit his
face “on the floor” while crawling: she had noticed some swelling on his upper
lip, but she could not recall when this had occurred, 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 50 ln 2 to ln 29. There are several typos in this
portion of the transcript, where the word “lips” was erroneously transcribed
as “legs”.

and she also could not recall if his upper lip was still swollen on 7 November
2019. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 72 ln 26 to p 73 ln 1.

Even taken at its highest, Nadiah’s testimony about the swollen upper lip
sustained by Izz in falling did not in any way translate to evidence of a
laceration to the frenulum of the upper lip.

167 Dr Lau was not the only medical witness who found the accused’s story of
an accidental fall to be inconsistent with the injuries found on Izz’s body.
As noted earlier, 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

See paras 51 – 54 of this Judgement.

evidence was also led from Dr Ian Tan of NUH. The account given by the accused
to the NUH doctors involved Izz accidentally falling out of the accused’s arm
and hitting his forehead on the “edge” of the van before landing “prone” on
the concrete car park floor. Dr Tan’s evidence was that this account of the
mechanism of injury was not consistent with the three “very discrete, well-
defined” bruises found on Izz’s forehead. In Dr Tan’s opinion, if Izz had
indeed fallen once on the floorboard and once on the concrete ground (as
recounted by the accused at NUH), he would have expected to see two ill-
defined bruises instead of the three well-defined bruises observed. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Transcript of 6 April 2022 p 6 ln 26 to p 7 ln 18.

168 For completeness, I noted that Dr Ian Tan did suggest that the alleged
dislocation of Izz’s left shoulder during sleep could be suspicious, as
dislocation would usually follow an injury of considerable impact and force.
However, Dr Wong’s expert opinion on clavicle fractures in young children
appeared to corroborate Nadiah’s testimony as to how Izz’s shoulder injury had
occurred; and Dr Lau too testified that the healing time of bone injuries
could be variable. In the circumstances, I accepted that the evidence did not
appear to show that the left clavicle fracture was sustained as a result of
the events of 7 November 2019.

169 Barring the left clavicle injury, however, the medical and forensic
evidence in this case was generally consistent in establishing that Izz’s head
and facial injuries were fresh and indicative of non-accidental injury to the
head. It must be noted that the Defence did not call any experts of their own
to challenge Dr Lau’s evidence. Apart from the issue of the left clavicle
injury (on which Dr Lau clarified his position in cross-examination), Dr Lau’s
evidence on the non-accidental nature of Izz’s injuries – and his rejection of
the “accidental fall” narrative – remained unrefuted at the end of the trial,
as was Dr Tan’s rejection of the “accidental fall” story he recorded from the
accused.

The evidence of the accused’s conduct subsequent to the incident

170 I next considered the evidence of the accused’s conduct subsequent to the
incident at the Yishun MSCP. Preliminarily, s 8(2) of the Evidence Act 1893
(2020 Rev Ed) (“EA”) makes it clear that the conduct of an accused person
subsequent to the alleged offence is relevant – and thus, admissible –
evidence in the criminal proceedings against that accused. Having considered
the evidence of the accused’s conduct subsequent to the incident, I found this
evidence highly useful in shedding light on the issue of whether the accused
committed the actus reus of the offence. Essentially, this evidence supported
the Prosecution’s case that Izz’s death was caused by an act of the accused
and not by an accidental fall.

171 In this case, while the Prosecution and the accused disagreed on what
exactly happened to Izz at the Yishun MSCP, they were agreed on one thing:
there was some sort of impact to Izz’s head, whether as a result of its being
pushed against the van floorboard or through an accidental fall. Indeed, on
the basis of the accused’s narrative at trial, there were three discrete
points in time at which Izz’s head impacted a solid surface: once on the van
floorboard, once on the van footrest, and once on the car park floor. In such
circumstances, one would have expected the accused to seek swift medical
attention for Izz – and yet the evidence showed a striking reluctance on his
part to do any such thing. It was not disputed that in the immediate aftermath
of the incident, the accused did not call for an ambulance, nor did he bring
Izz to a hospital. He also did not seek help from his family members who were
at that point in his parents’ flat mere minutes away from the Yishun MSCP. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 79 ln 4 to p 80 ln 26.

172 The accused claimed that he did none of these things because in his panic
at that juncture, he only thought of informing Nadiah about what had happened
to her child. However, Nadiah’s evidence was that even after she met up with
the accused, he appeared reluctant to bring Izz to the hospital A&E: as she
put it, he was “driving aimlessly”. Even after he told her that “Izz tak ada”
(which she understood to mean Izz had passed away) and even after he brought
her to the rear cabin to show her Izz’s body, he appeared to be “delaying the
time to go to the hospital”. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 13 ln 7 to ln 13.

She realised that Izz was dead when he did not respond to her holding his
hands and caressing his head. She was the one who suggested bringing Izz to
the hospital, but even then, the accused was “undecided” and “continued
driving”. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

AB at p 114, para 13.

173 The accused, not surprisingly, disputed Nadiah’s testimony. According to
the accused, he did not tell Nadiah “Izz tak ada” when she came to meet him;
and while he admitted having driven around “aimlessly”, he claimed that this
was because he had been looking for a spot to “have a quick pee”. He claimed
that Izz was “still moving” and “still responsive” at this stage; and that it
was only sometime later that he and Nadiah “realised that Izz looked very
weak”. Even then, according to the accused, he was the one who had suggested
bringing Izz to the hospital. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 38 ln 23 to p 41 ln 26.

174 Having examined the evidence in totality, I accepted Nadiah’s testimony
and rejected the accused’s version of events. The accused’s behaviour from the
time he drove into the NUH carpark, to the time he and Nadiah reached the A&E
department, was captured on CCTV footage. The behaviour shown in this
undisputed CCTV footage lent support to Nadiah’s testimony that the accused
had all along been “delaying the time to go to the hospital”. For one, the
CCTV footage showed that between the time the accused parked his van and the
time when he and Nadiah started walking towards the A&E, there was a time
lapse of 16 minutes. Nadiah’s evidence was that the accused had spent that
time cleaning and grooming himself, as he had expressed worry that he might be
remanded by the police. I accepted her evidence. The accused himself, when
shown the screenshots of the CCTV footage, appeared stumped and was initially
unable to furnish any explanation for the 16-minute time lapse. He
subsequently claimed to have been looking for his “spare phone” in the car –
but his responses showed that he clearly recognised this story about looking
for his “spare phone” could not account for the full 16-minute time lapse, as
he conceded that “the rest [he] can’t remember”. Indeed, he appeared to
realise belatedly that given his evidence that he himself had suggested
bringing Izz to the A&E when Izz “looked very weak”, the 16-minute delay
looked incriminating – as he also conceded that he had made a “mistake”. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 99 ln 15 to p 101 ln 10.

175 Further, the CCTV footage showed that despite leaving the van at 3.51
a.m., it was not until 4.11 a.m. that he and Nadiah arrived at the A&E. Nadiah
testified that the delay was due to the accused’s insistence on looking for a
suitable spot to dispose of his mobile phone. The accused did not – and could
not –deny this, since the CCTV footage showed him leaving Nadiah waiting at
the Kopitiam outlet and even walking out of the NUS compound at one point.
When asked about the apparent procrastination on his part, he claimed that “a
lot of things” had been running through his mind. This explanation rang false,
since his evidence was also that he had believed at the time that Izz was
“still alive” but “extremely weak”. Given his alleged belief, it was
unbelievable that he would have spent this length of time looking – twice –
for a spot to dispose of his phone.

176 Despite the accused’s various glib excuses, therefore, the undisputed CCTV
footage of his behaviour upon arrival at NUH showed that he was in no hurry at
all to get Izz to a doctor. This evidence also supported Nadiah’s assertion
that even from the time she met up with the accused, he had appeared to be
“delaying the time to go to the hospital”.

177 Quite apart from the procrastination and delaying tactics, several other
aspects of the accused’s conduct post the Yishun MSCP incident supported the
Prosecution’s case that Izz’s death was caused by an act of the accused and
not by an accidental fall. First, Nadiah gave evidence that on their way to
NUH, the accused had stopped the van and suggested to her that they pay
someone to bury Izz before reporting Izz missing to the police “maybe a year
later”. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

AB at p 115, para 16.

This idea of concealing the true nature of Izz’s death was, by any measure, a
shocking one: there was no reason for the accused to have come up with such a
proposal unless there was something about Izz’s injuries that was highly
suspicious – in other words, non-accidental.

178 The accused denied having made such a suggestion and claimed that Nadiah
must have been motivated to fabricate this evidence after being remanded by
the police and threatened by the IO. Having seen and heard the evidence given
by Nadiah and ASP Ang upon being recalled to the witness stand, I was
satisfied that Nadiah was never placed in remand, nor was she ever threatened
by the IO (ASP Ang). ASP Ang’s evidence was that the police could not remand
anyone who was not an accused person: 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Transcript of 14 April 2022 p 37 ln 1 to ln 5.

he was not challenged on this point; and it was not disputed that Nadiah was
never charged with an offence in respect of Izz’s death, or even treated as a
suspect (as opposed to a witness).

179 It should also be noted that Nadiah’s evidence about the accused’s
suggestion was contained in her conditioned statement, which was served on the
Defence months before the commencement of the trial. Yet the startling
accusations about Nadiah’s alleged deceitfulness in fabricating evidence and
her motive for doing so were never put to Nadiah in cross-examination; nor did
the Defence seek at any point to summon as witness the “male cousin” who had
purportedly told the accused about her being remanded and threatened. The
accusations against Nadiah were made belatedly by the accused when the
Prosecution put it to him in cross-examination that he had initially planned
to evade arrest and remand by trying to persuade Nadiah to agree to burying
Izz in secret. On the evidence before me, I was satisfied that it was the
accused himself who was fabricating evidence in coming up with these belated
accusations.

180 Second, it was not disputed that prior to heading to NUH, the accused had
briefed Nadiah on the “accidental fall” story which was to be told to the
hospital personnel in the event of any questions. Nadiah gave evidence about
this in her conditioned statement; 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

AB at p 115, para 16.

and whilst the accused disagreed with some portions of her account, he
admitted in cross-examination having told her to tell the hospital that Izz
had accidentally fallen from his arm, and he had also told her the version of
events he would be giving the hospital. On his own admission, this was a
version which featured Izz “suddenly fidgeting” and falling out of his arm,
hitting his head on the van floorboard, bouncing, hitting his head a second
time on the footstep, and finally falling head-first onto the floor. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 45 ln 28 to p 47 ln 22.

That the accused should have had to brief Nadiah in detail about the story to
be told to the hospital was not just odd; it was highly suspicious. After all,
the accused himself conceded that Nadiah was not present during the incident
at the Yishun MSCP: he was the only eyewitness to the incident, and she would
not know what had happened. His actions in briefing her on – and getting her
agreement to – the “accidental fall” story strongly suggested that he was
making sure they both got their stories straight before they brought Izz to
the hospital.

181 Third, the accused’s remark to Nadiah about fearing the possibility of
remand by the police was also telling. If Izz had sustained an accidental fall
after “suddenly” fidgeting and pitching out of the accused’s arm, then even
assuming the accused was concerned that he might be regarded as having been
“careless”, there was no reason for his thoughts to turn so swiftly to the
possibility of remand by the police.

182 Seen as a whole therefore, the accused’s conduct subsequent to the Yishun
MSCP incident – from his initial attempt to persuade Nadiah to have Izz buried
secretly, to his efforts to ensure they both had the “accidental fall” story
straight before proceeding to NUH, his procrastination in bringing Izz to the
A&E, and finally his concern about the possibility of remand – strongly
suggested that he knew Izz was already dead by the time they reached NUH and
was reluctant to face the prospect of the police inquiring into the cause of
death. This supported the Prosecution’s case that Izz’s death was caused by an
act of the accused, and not an accidental fall.

Adverse inference under s 261 CPC

183 Finally, the Prosecution’s case was bolstered by the adverse inference I
drew against the accused for failing to mention the “accidental fall” story in
both his cautioned statements. In his cautioned statement of 8 November 2019,
in response to a charge of voluntarily causing Izz grievous hurt by “slamming
his head against the floorboard” of the van, the accused expressed remorse and
pleaded for leniency without saying anything about an “accidental fall”. In
his cautioned statement of 14 November 2019, in response to a charge of
committing murder by causing Izz’s death, the accused again expressed remorse
and pleaded for leniency; and again, nothing was said about an “accidental
fall”.

184 While the accused gave various reasons for the omission, I did not find
any of his reasons believable. In respect of the 8 November 2019 cautioned
statement, he alleged that the officers escorting him on 8 November 2019 had
scared and confused him by “shouting” questions at him. This allegation rang
false. It was only raised for the first time when the accused was cross-
examined about the 8 November 2019 cautioned statement; and he did not
identify any of the officers involved. Moreover, although he claimed to have
been overcome with confusion, exhaustion and grief at the material time, a
perusal of the cautioned statement showed that he had kept his wits about him
sufficiently to mention exculpatory matters such as his remorse, his youth and
his resolve to “take note that such thing won’t happen again in the future”.

185 As for the 14 November 2019 cautioned statement, when asked about his
failure to mention the “accidental fall” story, the accused sought to brush it
aside, saying that prior to 14 November 2019, he had already told the doctors
and police officers at NUH about Izz accidentally falling from his arm. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 70 ln 6 to p 71 ln 19.

However, this was a non-sequitur: it did not in any way explain the omission
in his 14 November 2019 cautioned statement. In fact, since the accused
claimed that he had been referring to Izz’s accidental fall when he stated in
this cautioned statement that he had no intention of killing Izz, 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 71 ln 6 to ln 8.

one would have expected him to say so expressly. He never did.

186 For the reasons set out above, I agreed with the Prosecution that an
adverse inference should be drawn against the accused under s 261 of the CPC.
As the Prosecution put it, the only reason why he failed to say anything in
his cautioned statements about an accidental fall was “simply because this was
not the truth”.

Summary of findings on first element of s 300(c) charge

187 For the reasons set out above, in respect of the actus reus of the s
300(c) charge against the accused, I found that the Prosecution was able to
prove that Izz’s death was caused by an act of the accused – ie, the act of
pushing Izz’s head twice against the floorboard of the van, thereby inflicting
the head injuries that eventually led to the fatal traumatic intracranial
haemorrhage.

The second element of the s 300(c) charge

188 In respect of the second element of the s 300(c) charge, the Prosecution
bore the burden of proving that the “act resulting in bodily injury was done
with the intention of causing that bodily injury to the deceased”.

189 In his cautioned statement of 8 November 2019, in response to a charge of
voluntarily causing Izz grievous hurt by “slamming his head against the
floorboard” of the van, the accused stated that he did not have “the intention
to do this to the child”. In his cautioned statement of 14 November 2019, in
response to a charge of committing murder by causing Izz’s death, the accused
stated that he had “no intention of killing Izz Fayyaz at all”. In the
investigative statement recorded from him by ASP Ang on 12 November 2019 at
10.45 a.m., 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Exhibit P-98.

in describing how he had pushed Izz’s head towards the van floorboard twice,
the accused said that he had “used mild force”.

190 I make the following points about the issue of the accused’s intention.
First, the accused’s assertion that he had no intention to kill Izz – even if
true – did not assist his defence. In respect of the second element of the s
300(c) charge, the Prosecution did not need to prove that he had intended to
kill Izz: as the CA noted in Tan Chee Wee (at [42]), it is “in fact irrelevant
whether or not the accused did intend to cause death, so long as death ensues
from the bodily injury or injuries intentionally caused”.

191 Second, as the CA noted in Lim Poh Lye (at [37]), in order for the
prosecution to establish the second element of the s 300(c) charge, it should
be noted that “it is the particular and not the precise bodily injury that
must be intended”. In Lim Poh Lye, the deceased Bock was stabbed in the legs
while being robbed by the two respondents Lim and Koh (as well as a third man
Ng who subsequently fled the country). One of the stab wounds to Bock’s legs
caused his death. Lim and Koh were charged with murder under s 302, read with
s 34 of the Penal Code, with the prosecution relying on s 300(c). The trial
judge acquitted them of the murder charge and convicted them on lesser charges
of robbery with hurt under s 394 PC. On appeal by the prosecution, the CA set
aside the convictions on the charges of robbery with hurt and convicted both
men of the original murder charges. The CA noted that the trial judge had
specifically found that Lim – and Ng too – intended to stab Bock, and in
particular, to cause stab wounds to his legs / thigh. The CA noted, further,
that the trial judge had acquitted Lim and Koh of murder under s 300(c)
because (inter alia) his “entire thesis would appear to be that as there was
no intention to sever Bock’s femoral vein, a case under s 300(c) was not made
out”. In holding that the trial judge had erred in coming to this conclusion,
the CA held (at [37] – [40]):

37 … We accept that Lim (and Ng) did not know that there was a main artery
running through the leg and that the bleeding, if unattended to, would, in the
normal course of nature, cause death; however, under the Virsa Singh
principle, it is never a requirement that the accused must realise the full
gravity of his act. What is essential is that the particular injury which
eventually caused death in the normal course of nature was inflicted by the
accused intentionally and not accidentally. To the extent that the trial judge
seemed to think that the loss of blood was the “injury”, he had fallen into
error; the loss of blood was a consequence of the stab wounds which finally
caused death… (I)t is quite plain that under Virsa Singh, for a case under s
300(c) to be made out, it is the particular and not the precise injury that
must be intended…

38 In finding that the severing of Bock’s femoral vein was accidental, the
trial judge relied on the Indian case of Harjinder Singh v Delhi
Administration AIR 1968 SC 867… where the accused had stabbed the victim in
the thigh and severed an artery. It seems to us that in Harjinder Singh, the
Supreme Court, which acquitted the accused of murder, was not concerned with
the question of whether the accused intended to sever the artery but whether
he intended to cause the particular injuries that were found on the victim.
The court said (at [9]):

In our opinion, the circumstances justify the inference that the accused did
not intend to cause an injury on this particular portion of the thigh… In
these circumstances, it cannot be said that it has been proved that it was the
intention of the [accused] to inflict this particular injury on this
particular place.

39 In contrast, here Lim (and Ng too) intended to stab Bock’s thigh to prevent
him from struggling and escaping and, in the case of Ng, to teach Bock a
lesson. That was not the case in Harjinder Singh. Furthermore, there was
evidence of a fight in Harjinder Singh…

40 It is true that the fatal stab wound was caused to a part of the body which
is not commonly known to be a vulnerable region of the body. However, that is
not a consideration that affects the operation of s 300(c). As the forensic
pathologist had emphasized, the thigh is a less vital region of the body only
from the strictly lay perspective. The crucial question to ask is whether the
wounds that were caused were in fact wounds which Lim and Ng intended to
cause. Whether they knew the seriousness of the wounds is neither here nor
there…

192 In PP v Toh Sia Guan [2020] SGHC 92 (“Toh Sia Guan”) 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

The accused’s appeal against conviction and sentence in Toh Sia Guan was
dismissed by the CA in Criminal Appeal No 9 of 2020: [2021] SGCA 7.

, where the accused Toh was charged with murder under s 300(c) PC, the fatal
injury inflicted on the deceased was a through-and-through V-shaped stab wound
to the inside of the right upper arm, formed by two stab wounds joined at the
apex of the “V” which completely cut the right branchial artery and cut into
the basilic vein. In finding that Toh possessed the requisite mens rea for the
s 300(c) offence, the High Court referenced the CA’s judgement in Lim Poh Lye;
in particular, the CA’s statement that the prosecution only had to show that
the accused caused the particular but not the precise injury. Elaborating on
its understanding of the CA’s reasoning in Lim Poh Lye, the High Court noted
(at [54]):

There are two competing interests at play in determining the requisite level
of particularity. On one hand, the test cannot be so narrow as to be
impossible to prove. On the other hand, it cannot be too broad such that the
accused is convicted of murder for an injury he did not intend. A broad-based,
simple and common-sense approach has to be adopted (Virsa Singh at [21]),
drawing a middle ground between the competing interests. This has to be a fact
specific inquiry, depending on the circumstances of each case.

193 The High Court went on to observe that the precedents on s 300(c) showed
that the mens rea would usually be satisfied if the prosecution proved
intention to attack the limb where the injury was found. For example, in Lim
Poh Lye, mens rea was established by finding that the accused person intended
to stab the deceased’s thigh. As another example, in Chan Lie Sian v PP [2019]
2 SLR 439 (“Chan Lie Sian”), where the accused had hit the deceased several
times on the head and body with a metal rod and where the cause of death was
bronchopneumonia following multiple fractures of the skull, the CA held that
mens rea for murder under s 300(c) was established by evidence that the
accused had intended to hit the deceased’s head.

194 In Toh Sia Guan, the High Court noted that there was some controversy in
the case before it over whether the requisite mental element of the offence
(ie, the intention to inflict an injury sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death) could be satisfied, in the situation where Toh and the
deceased were involved in a fight, merely by the prosecution proving that Toh
had intended to attack the wider part of the body on which the fatal injury
was found (the deceased’s upper arm torso area), instead of having to prove
that Toh intended to inflict the particular fatal injury on the specific part
of the limb in question (in this case, the deceased’s right upper arm). The
court took the view that it was not necessary to decide the controversy on the
facts of this case since Toh’s intention to stab the deceased’s right upper
arm was established on the facts (at [58] – [64]). On appeal, the CA agreed
with the High Court’s conclusion that it was not necessary to decide the
controversy for the reasons stated by the court; in particular, since it
involved “deciding whether or not to add a further normative gloss on what is
essentially a factual inquiry”.

195 In the present case, I approached the issue of mens rea on the basis that
it was – as the CA in Toh Sia Guan stressed – essentially a factual inquiry.
At the same time, as the High Court in Toh Sia Guan pointed out, the
precedents in this area were useful in illustrating that the courts have
usually found mens rea in a s 300(c) case to be satisfied if the prosecution
proved intention to attack the limb where the injury was found. The
Prosecution in this case took the position that mens rea would be established
by their proving that the accused had intended to cause head injuries to Izz
when he pushed the latter’s head against the floorboard of the van. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Prosecution’s End of Trial Submissions at para 24.

The Defence, on the other hand, submitted that the Prosecution should be
required to prove that the accused had intended specifically the traumatic
intracranial haemorrhage – ie, the acute subdural haemorrhage, the acute
subarachnoid haemorrhage and the cerebral oedema -which Dr Lau’s autopsy
findings revealed as the eventual cause of Izz’s death. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at para 81.

196 I rejected the Defence’s submission and accepted the Prosecution’s, for
the following reasons. The test which the Defence posited for mens rea under s
300(c) was so narrow that it would be satisfied only in the case of an accused
person with medical knowledge and an understanding of the structure of the
human brain. Such an approach would run contrary to the approach of the court
in the cases examined above: as seen earlier, in Lim Poh Lye, the prosecution
was only required to prove that Lim and Ng had intended to inflict stab wounds
to Bock’s thigh, and not that they had intended to sever his femoral artery
(or even that they knew there was a main artery running through the leg and
that the bleeding, left unattended, would cause death in the normal course of
nature); in Toh Sia Guan, the court was satisfied with proof that the accused
had intended to stab the deceased’s right upper arm and did not require proof
that he had intended to cut through the right branchial artery and into the
basilic vein. In the context of the present case, in my view, the Prosecution
was required to prove that in pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard, the
accused had acted with the intention to cause head injuries to Izz. Contrary
to the Defence’s submission, the Prosecution in this case was not required to
prove that the accused intended specifically to cause the acute subdural
haemorrhage, the acute subarachnoid haemorrhage and the cerebral oedema which
eventually led to Izz’s death. Following the CA’s reasoning in Lim Poh Lye (at
[37]), the traumatic intracranial haemorrhage – ie, the rupturing of the blood
vessels on the surface of the brain –– was not the “injury” for the purposes
of the second element of the s 300(c) offence in this case, but the
consequence of the blunt force trauma to the head which ultimately caused
death.

197 Third, in respect of the accused’s contention that he used only “mild
force” to push Izz’s head against the van floorboard, this too did not assist
him. In cross-examination, Defence counsel also sought to emphasize that Izz’s
skull had not been fractured and that “(b)esides the injury to the meninges,
the other parts of the brain were not affected”. Insofar as these assertions
were meant to highlight the absence of any intention on the accused’s part to
cause serious injury to Izz, there is ample caselaw (Virsa Singh at 468, cited
by the CA in Tan Joo Cheng v PP [1992] 1 SLR(R) 219 at [15]) which has
established that:

The question is not whether the [accused] intended to inflict a serious injury
or a trivial one but whether he intended to inflict the injury that is proved
to be present. If he can show that he did not, or if the totality of the
circumstances justify such an inference, then, of course, the intent that the
section requires is not proved. But if there is nothing beyond the injury and
the fact that the [accused] inflicted it, the only possible inference is that
he intended to inflict it. Whether he knew of its seriousness, or intended
serious consequences, is neither here nor there.

[emphasis added]

198 In the present case, the accused himself described in his statements to
the police how he had held the back of Izz’s head with his right hand and
pushed Izz’s head against the floorboard of the van. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Exhibit P-97 and P-98.

In the re-enactment conducted in the course of police investigations, the
accused gave a clear – indeed, vivid – demonstration of how he had first
grasped the back of Izz’s head with his hand and pressed it against the
floorboard, with the left side of Izz’s head against the floorboard; and how
he had subsequently followed this by pressing Izz’s head against the
floorboard, this time in a face-down position. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Exhibit P-4(20) – (22).

When asked to comment on the sequence and nature of the accused’s acts as
evinced in his police statements and in the photographs of the re-enactment,
the forensic pathologist Dr Lau opined that in terms of explaining the
mechanism of injury, this version of events was the most compelling of the
various versions proffered by the accused.

199 In the circumstances, I found ample evidence from which to infer that in
pushing Izz’s head against the van floorboard, the accused intended to cause
him head injuries. It should be remembered that Izz was a 9 month-old baby who
measured 71 cm in height and weighed 7.3 kg: 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

AB at p 85, para 1.

he would have been in no position to resist the application of any force to
his head or to brace himself so as to minimize the impact to his head. In
fact, considering that the accused had held on to the back of Izz’s head
before pushing it down against the floorboard, I did not see how it could be
said that he intended anything other than to cause injuries to Izz’s head.

200 I add that insofar as the Defence appeared to believe that the absence of
skull fractures was significant, this belief was misconceived. I have already
set out Dr Lau’s evidence on this point. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

See paras 65 – 74 and 163 – 166 of this Judgement.

In gist, the absence of skull fractures in this case was not surprising or
anomalous, given the pliability of a child’s skull; and the absence of skull
fractures in no way precluded or militated against the rupturing of the blood
vessels on the surface of the brain, as the force applied to the head would
still be transmitted through the skull to the brain.

201 The Defence also appeared to think it was significant that Dr Lau had
found Izz to be “apparently somewhat undernourished”. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 61 ln 3; AB at p 85, para 1.

Unfortunately, the defence submissions were not clear as to the relevance of
this finding. In any event, Dr Lau was asked in cross-examination whether
Izz’s undernourished state would have “contributed to the causation of the
traumatic intracranial haemorrhage”; and Dr Lau’s answer was an emphatic “No”.
As he explained, there was “no reason why the child being underweight would
have contributed to the causation of the traumatic intracranial haemorrhage”:
Izz’s undernourished or underweight state simply had “no bearing on the effect
or the forces that might have been brought to bear upon [him]”. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 60 ln 18 to p 61 ln 6.

Dr Lau’s evidence on this matter was not refuted by the Defence.

202 As for the Defence’s submission that the accused could not have intended
to cause the fatal head injuries because they were “not the ordinary and
natural consequence of the accused’s act” and could not be said to be within
the reasonable contemplation of the accused, this submission too was
misconceived. I agreed with the Prosecution that there was no basis for the
Defence to rely on PP v AFR [2011] 3 SLR 653 (“AFR”). In AFR, the cause of
death was rupture to the deceased’s inferior vena cava (a large vein that
transports blood from the lower half of the body to the right atrium of the
heart). The trial judge in AFR concluded from the forensic pathologist’s
evidence that such an injury was very rare; that it was not really known how
this kind of injury occurred; that such injury had only been known to occur in
car crashes or falls from height; and that he could not say exactly how such
an injury could have occurred in a case where the accused had slapped, punched
and kicked the deceased without breaking any bones. In the trial judge’s view,
the point he had to decide was the extent to which the accused could
reasonably have known that the beating he was administering to the deceased
could have caused the rupture; and since even an experienced pathologist could
not be certain as to how the rupture had happened in that case, the trial
judge did not think it could be said that the injury was the ordinary and
natural consequence of the accused’s act of beating the deceased and/or that
it was well within the contemplation of any normal person. The facts of the
AFR case were thus – as the trial judge made clear – very different from cases
such as Virsa Singh where “the consequences of injuries by stabbing with
knives or spears or drowning in water, are well within ordinary human
knowledge or experience” (at [37]). (I note by the way that the prosecution in
AFR did not appeal against the trial judge’s decision to acquit the accused of
the charge of murder and to convict him of the lesser charge of culpable
homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(b) PC – although it did appeal
successfully against the sentence imposed on this lesser charge.)

203 The facts of AFR being as exceptional as they were, the conclusion which
the trial judge came to in that case was of no assistance to the accused in
this case. It was simply not possible to say that the consequence of
inflicting head injuries on a 9 month-old by pushing his head against a hard
surface was something that was outside of “ordinary human knowledge or
experience”.

The third element of the s 300(c) charge

204 In respect of the third element of the s 300(c) charge, the Prosecution
was required to prove that the bodily injury intended to be inflicted was
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. From Dr Lau’s
evidence, it was clear that the blunt force trauma to Izz’s head was
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Transcript of 12 April 2022 p 29 ln 28 to p 31 ln 28.

In both cross-examination and closing submissions, the defence did not
challenge Dr Lau’s evidence on this issue; nor did the defence adduce any
medical evidence of its own to refute his evidence.

The issue of motive

205 I address at this juncture the issue of motive. Insofar as the relevance
of an accused’s motive to the proof of an offence is concerned, the CA has
explained in Mohammed Ali bin Johari v PP [2008] 4 SLR(R) 1058 (“Johari”) at
[58] that –

…(W)hile motive is not an essential element of the crime, it can “bolster an
inference that an intention to commit the offence was existent.

206 In the present case, it will be remembered that in his statements to the
police, the accused referred several times to Izz crying just prior to his
pushing the latter’s head against the floorboard. To recapitulate: in his 8
Nov 2019 statement, the accused recounted how he had found Izz crying when he
returned from Sheng Siong Supermarket to the van. In the statement recorded on
13 November 2019 at 9.45 a.m., in response to a question about what was “in
[his] mind when [he] pushed Izz’s head towards the floorboard”, the accused
had initially stated that he felt “rimas” (a word he understood as meaning
“uneasy”) over Izz’s crying before cancelling the words “over Izz’s crying”.
In the 14 November 2019 cautioned statement, in response to a charge of murder
which alleged that he had caused Izz’s death, the accused initially said that
he “did it in the moment of anger” before requesting the deletion of the word
“anger” and its replacement with the word “frustration”. It will also be
remembered that when confronted with the 14 November 2019 cautioned statement
during cross-examination, the accused claimed that the recorder ASP Desmond Ng
had supplied the word “anger” and he himself had spoken “wrongly” when he used
the word “frustration”. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 71 ln 1 to p 73 ln 6.

He gave the same explanation – ie, that he had answered “wrongly” 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Transcript of 13 April 2022 p 74 ln 4 to ln 28.

– when confronted with his original statement on 13 November 2019 about having
felt uneasy “over Izz’s crying”.

207 Having considered the evidence adduced, I was satisfied that it was the
accused himself who told the police that he had felt uneasy over Izz’s crying
and that he had pushed Izz’s head against the floorboard in a moment of
frustration. In respect of the 14 November 2019 cautioned statement, ASP
Desmond Ng’s testimony was corroborated by that of the Malay interpreter Ms
Maria. Having regard to their evidence, which I found cogent and consistent, I
was satisfied that the initial use of the word “anger” and its subsequent
replacement with the word “frustration” both emanated from the accused. I
rejected the accused’s story about having answered “wrongly” when he used the
word “frustration”. His story simply did not make sense: inter alia, he could
not offer any reason as to why he would have “wrongly” blurted out this word
as a replacement for the word “anger”.

208 The accused’s story about having “answered wrongly” in using the phrase
“over Izz’s crying” in his 13 November 2019 statement was just as nonsensical.
Again, there was no explanation as to why the inclusion of this phrase
constituted a “wrong” answer on his part – whether, for example, it was
because there was something factually erroneous or inaccurate about this
phrase.

209 Having found that it was the accused himself who told the police he had
felt uneasy over Izz’s crying and that he had pushed Izz’s head against the
floorboard in a moment of frustration, I found that these statements supported
the Prosecution’s case about the motive behind the accused’s actions: namely,
that the accused had been frustrated – or had at least been made uneasy – by
Izz’s repeated crying; and that he had reacted to this frustration or unease
by pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard. I also agreed with the
Prosecution that it was concern about the potentially “incriminating” effect
of the references to Izz’s crying that prompted the accused to request the
deletion of the phrase “over Izz’s crying” from his 13 November 2019
statement. It was clear to me that his excuse about having given “wrong”
answers was simply a ploy on his part to disavow anything in his statements
which – in retrospect – appeared incriminating.

210 In this connection, tellingly, the remark about having felt uneasy over
Izz’s crying was repeated by the accused during his first interview with Dr
Cheow on 4 December 2019. In his IMH report, Dr Cheow stated that the accused
had recounted how he felt “uncomfortable” due to Izz’s crying – but had then
objected to Dr Cheow describing him as being “disturbed” by the crying “as he
felt that it would sound incriminating if he admitted to being “disturbed by
the crying””. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

AB at p 89, para 16.

In cross-examination, Defence counsel contended that the accused had not
actually used the word “incriminating”. Dr Cheow’s evidence was that even if
the accused might not have used that particular word, he was “quite sure that
this [was] what he [the accused] meant”. This evidence was not refuted by the
Defence. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

Transcript of 8 April 2022 p 86 ln 2 to p 87 ln 14.

Dr Cheow’s evidence therefore supported the Prosecution’s case about the
accused’s motive for pushing Izz’s head against the floorboard.

211 I did note that in subsequent interviews with Dr Cheow on 6 December 2019
and 10 December 2019, 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

AB at p 90, para 24.

the accused recanted the version of events given at the first interview. In
its place, the accused offered a hybrid version in which he “accidentally
ended up pushing [Izz] forward” while attempting to soothe Izz after the
latter “[fell] down and hit [his] head against the plywood floor”. This
frankly unbelievable hybrid version was abandoned by the accused himself, who
did not repeat it in his Case for the Defence nor at trial. Notably, however,
even in this hybrid version, the accused acknowledged that it was Izz’s crying
that led to his “patting [Izz’s] neck” in an attempt to soothe the boy.
Clearly, Izz’s crying – and the persistence of that crying – were the factors
that triggered a physical response from the accused on 7 November 2019.

212 Following the CA’s reasoning in Johari, the evidence as to the accused’s
motive was relevant to proof of the second element of the s 300(c) charge, in
that it bolstered the inference that the blunt force trauma to Izz’s head was
intentionally inflicted by the accused – as opposed to being the result of
some accidental or inadvertent movement.

213 In the interests of completeness, I should state that although there was
some suggestion that the accused was angered by Izz spilling a drink on him
during dinner at Long John Silver, I did not place any weight on this
suggestion. Even if it were true that Izz had spilt a drink on the accused,
this would have happened hours before the incident at the Yishun MSCP: there
was no evidence to suggest that it had any bearing on the accused’s actions at
the Yishun MSCP.

Character evidence from the accused’s sister

214 Finally, in respect of the evidence given by the accused’s sister Atikah
regarding the accused’s love for children and his capacity for hard work, I
did not find that the evidence assisted his defence. Having observed the
accused closely in the witness stand and having assessed his evidence against
the other evidence available in this case, I found him to be a glib and
disingenuous witness. Not only was it clear that he had made up the story
about an “accidental fall” in order to evade accountability for his actions,
when it became apparent during the trial that his lies were unravelling, he
sought to smear Nadiah and various police witnesses by levelling false
accusations against them.

215 In Chan Mei Yoong Letticia v PP [2002] 1 SLR(R) 897 (“Chan Mei Yoong
Letticia”), the appellant - who was tried for an offence of employing an
immigration offender under s 57(1)(ii) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997
Ed) – produced at trial “an impressive testimonial of good character from a
very distinguished and highly respected senior civil servant who had known her
for 40 years, stating that it was totally out of character for the appellant
to have done anything illegal” (at [34]). In dismissing the appellant’s appeal
against her conviction, the High Court held that the trial judge had not erred
in attaching little or no weight to the testimonial as far as the appellant’s
credibility was concerned. The High Court acknowledged that as a matter of
general principle, evidence of good character is “generally relevant to the
credibility of an appellant as a witness”. In Chan Mei Yoong Letticia,
however, while there was no doubt that the appellant was “generally of good
character”, she had been “less than truthful and forthright with respect to a
number of matters”; and as such, the evidence of good character “was rendered
of little assistance to the appellant in this case”.

216 In the present case, I found it difficult to accept that the somewhat
sketchy and one-sided testimony from Atikah sufficed to demonstrate general
good character on the accused’s part. However, even if I were to accept that
the accused was generally of good character, having regard to the clear
evidence of his many lies and obfuscations in this case, such character
evidence was of little (if any) assistance in propping up his credibility.

Conclusion on the s 300(c) charge against the accused

217 At the conclusion of the trial, as I found that the Prosecution had
successfully proved all the elements of the s 300(c) charge of murder, I
convicted the accused of the charge.

The sentence

218 Pursuant to s 302(2) of the PC, whoever commits murder within the meaning
of s 300(c) shall be punished with death or imprisonment for life, and shall –
if he is not punished with death – also be liable to caning. In this case,
upon the accused being convicted, the Prosecution informed me that it would
not be seeking the death penalty. Having considered the present facts in the
light of the relevant caselaw, I did not find that the circumstances of this
case warranted the death penalty.

219 The test for when the death penalty is appropriate in s 300(c) PC cases
has been articulated in cases such as PP v Kho Jabing [2015] 2 SLR 112 (“Kho
Jabing”). In that case, the court held (at [44] – [46]) that the applicable
principle in deciding whether the death penalty should be meted out is
“whether the actions of the offender would outrage the feelings of the
community”. This is because capital punishment is “an expression of society’s
indignation towards particularly offensive conduct”: the fact that the death
penalty continues to be part of our sentencing regime is “an expression of
society’s belief that certain actions are so grievous an affront to humanity
and so abhorrent that the death penalty may, in the face of such
circumstances, be the appropriate, if not the only, adequate sentence”. In
determining whether the actions of the offender would outrage the feelings of
the community, the death penalty is the appropriate sentence where the
offender has acted in a manner that shows viciousness or a disregard for human
life. It is therefore the manner in which the offender has acted which takes
centre stage, though other facts such as the offender’s age and intelligence
continue to be relevant: Kho Jabing at [48].

220 The application of this principle is usefully illustrated in a number of
cases. In Public Prosecutor v Chia Kee Chen [2018] 2 SLR 249, the CA
overturned the trial judge’s decision to sentence the accused, Chia, to life
imprisonment. The CA found (at [139]) that there was a high degree of planning
and premeditation. Further, the attack was vicious: the accused had suffered
extensive fractures in his skull; almost every bone from the bottom of his eye
socket to his lower jaw was fractured: Chia Kee Chen at [140]. Finally, Chia
had (at [141]) displayed a blatant disregard for the deceased’s life: he had
stated that he desired for the deceased to suffer as much as possible before
dying and the only regret he ever expressed was that the deceased had died
before he could inflict more suffering.

221 In contrast, the CA in Chan Lie Sian ruled that the prosecution had not
established that the appellant was acting at the material time with a blatant
disregard for human life. For one, the appellant was (at [88]) unaware at the
time of the attack, or in its immediate aftermath, of the fatal nature of the
victim’s injuries. There was also no evidence that the appellant had intended
for the victim to suffer.

222 This was also the case in Public Prosecutor v Boh Soon Ho [2020] SGHC 58
(“Boh Soon Ho”). In that case, the accused had over the course of four to five
years spent approximately half his income on the victim, and tried to woo her.
But the victim had no romantic interest of any sort in him. The straw that
broke the proverbial camel’s back came when the victim revealed that she had
been intimate with her former boyfriend. In a fit of rage, the accused
strangled the victim to death (Boh Soon Ho at [17] – [19]). The court accepted
(at [109]) that “the present case was not one that so outraged the feelings of
the community as to call for the death sentence”. The accused had acted
“without premeditation and the manner in which he killed the deceased could
not be said to have crossed the threshold of acting with viciousness or a
blatant disregard for human life”. The appeal against his conviction and
sentence was dismissed by the CA.

223 In Toh Sia Guan, the accused had gotten into a fight with the victim.
After this altercation, the accused went and bought a pair of slippers and a
knife. Shortly thereafter, he returned to the area where he got into another
fight with the victim. Armed with the knife, the accused stabbed the victim a
few times. The court found that the death penalty was not warranted. For one,
the prosecution bore the burden of proving that the actions of the accused
outraged the feelings of the community; and this was not done as the
prosecution had made no submissions on this issue. In any case, the following
factors weighed against the imposition of the death penalty. First, the
accused did not know that the injury he caused was fatal, either during the
time of the attack, or thereafter: this supported the conclusion that there
was no blatant disregard for human life (Toh Sia Guan at [119]). It was also
not proven that the accused had any intention to want the victim to suffer as
much as possible, or that he had inflicted completely unnecessary additional
blows even after the accused had stopped reacting. The case also lacked a high
degree of premeditation and planning. Finally, while the level of viciousness
in Toh Sia Guan was reprehensible, it was not of such a degree so as to
outrage the feelings of the community (Toh Sia Guan at [122]). No caning was
imposed in light of the accused’s age.

224 The accused’s appeal in against conviction and sentence in Toh Sia Guan
was dismissed by the CA in Toh Sia Guan v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 7.
Rejecting the accused’s argument that the sentence of life imprisonment was
too harsh, the CA noted that under s 302(2) of the Penal Code, there were only
two available sentencing options for murder under s 300(c): the death penalty
or life imprisonment. The CA thus held that the trial judge could not have
imposed a more lenient sentence.

225 In the present case, the Prosecution did not seek to prove that the
actions of the accused had outraged the feelings of the community. On the
facts of this case, I did not think that the death penalty was warranted.
There was no evidence of a “blatant disregard for human life” on the accused’s
part; nor was there evidence of premeditation and planning, and/or of a desire
on the accused’s part for Izz to suffer. As I earlier stated when considering
the issue of motive, the accused’s actions appeared to have been carried out
in a fit of frustration or anger. While the act of pushing a 9 month-old’s
head against the floor of a van was certainly reprehensible, I did not think
the level of viciousness in this case could be said to have risen to such a
degree that the feelings of the community would be outraged.

226 For these reasons, I found that the death penalty was not called for in
the circumstances.

227 As to caning, s 302(2) of the PC provides that an offender who is
sentenced to a term of life imprisonment shall also be liable to caning. The
Prosecution submitted that the accused should, in addition to a term of life
imprisonment, be sentenced to 15 to 18 strokes of the cane. The Defence, on
the other hand, argued that 5 to 6 strokes of the cane would be appropriate.

228 While there have been cases under s 302(2) PC where the courts have
imposed the maximum number of strokes of the cane alongside a sentence of life
imprisonment (eg, Wang Wanfeng; also Micheal Anak Garing v Public Prosecutor
and anor appeal [2017] 1 SLR 748), there is nothing in s 302(2) which mandates
that the maximum number of the strokes must be meted out in the event that a
term of life imprisonment is imposed.

229 In exercising my discretion under s 302(2), I was guided by the following
principles. Our courts have consistently adopted a tough stance towards
offenders who cause the deaths of defenceless young victims by violence (per
the Court of Appeal in PP v AFR [2011] 3 SLR 833 (“AFR (CA)”) at [14]). An
offender’s culpability will generally be viewed as being enhanced when the
victim is vulnerable; and as the CA noted in PP v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127 (“BDB”)
(at [37]), among vulnerable victims, young victims are notable for several
reasons. Inter alia, there will, more often than not, be a gross physical
disparity at play; and as a result, the victims will often be defenceless and
unable to protect themselves.

230 This was certainly the case here. As I have earlier noted, Izz, was a
9-month-old baby measuring only 71 cm in height and weighing only 7.3kg at the
time of death: Dr Lau’s evidence was that these measurements corresponded
approximately to the 50th and the 3rd percentiles for the expected height and
weight, respectively, of a 9 month-old male child. The accused, in contrast,
is a full-grown male adult. As the CA has emphasized in cases such as AFR (CA)
and BDB, retribution is a key sentencing consideration in cases where violence
has been inflicted on a child (AFR (CA) at [32], BDB at [76]). In addition, it
is important to send the clear message that no caregiver – whether a parent or
any individual to whom the welfare of the child has been entrusted – has any
licence to inflict violence with impunity on any young children in his or her
charge. To borrow the words of the CA in its judgement in AFR (CA) (at [12]),
any caregiver who does so will not be allowed (for mitigation purposes) to
exclaim with regret that he did not mean to inflict violence on the victim in
question, whom he professes to love.

231 In BDB, the court – in considering cases involving abuse of young children
where the accused had been charged under s 325 of the Penal Code – held that
where death is caused in such cases, a sentence of 12 or more strokes of the
cane may be warranted (at [76]). I did not think it was correct for Defence
counsel to say that the CA’s remarks on caning in BDB were entirely irrelevant
to the present cases simply because BDB concerned a charge under s 325 of the
Penal Code. The CA in BDB held that 12 or more strokes of the cane was
warranted in s 325 PC cases where death is caused. It would be wrong in
principle and manifestly inadequate for an accused convicted of causing the
death of a child under the far more serious s 300(c) charge to be sentenced
only to “5 to 6 strokes” of the cane (as submitted for by the Defence).

232 The Prosecution cited two cases where the accused persons were convicted
of murder charges under s 300(c) and one case where the accused was convicted
of a s 300(b) murder charge for which the punishment is the same as that for s
300(c) (ie, under s 302(2)). These three cases were unreported decisions.
Unreported decisions should be approached with some caution because, inter
alia, the absence of written grounds of decision may make it difficult to
arrive at a proper appraisal of these facts and circumstances (Public
Prosecutor v Siow Kai Yuan Terence [2020] 4 SLR 1412 at [86]; Public
Prosecutor v Lim Cheng Ji Alvin [2017] 5 SLR 671 at [13]; GCM v Public
Prosecutor and anor appeal [2021] 4 SLR 1086 at [75]). Even approaching these
cases with caution, however, I was unable to agree with the Defence that these
three cases were “much more serious” than the present case. For one, while the
mode of attack in each of these three cases was different (with two of them
featuring the use of a weapon), the victims in these three cases were all
adults, and not a defenceless 9-month-old child.

233 In the present case, I agreed with the Prosecution that Izz’s extreme
youth and total inability to defend himself rendered him an especially
vulnerable victim and constituted an aggravating factor which must be taken
into account in sentencing. Other aggravating factors included the fact that
Izz had been entrusted by his mother Nadiah to the accused’s care on the night
in question. In this connection, I must point out that the fact that the
accused had volunteered or agreed to take care of Izz on that fateful night
could not be a mitigating factor, since what he then did with the trust placed
in him was – tragically – to violate that trust by inflicting physical
violence on Izz and causing his death.

234 As the Prosecution also pointed out, the accused’s conduct following the
violence inflicted on Izz showed a disturbing lack of remorse: he had, among
other things, failed to seek immediate medical attention for Izz; he initially
tried to get Nadiah to agree to paying someone to bury Izz and reporting him
missing only a year later; when he could not persuade Nadiah to agree to this
despicable suggestion, he sought to make sure she would tell the same story of
an accidental fall; he repeatedly delayed bringing Izz and Nadiah to the A&E
department, even when they reached the hospital.

235 As stated earlier, I did note that this was not a case of premeditated
attack or prolonged abuse. It must be stressed, though, that the lack of
premeditation and the absence of a prolonged period of abuse amounted only to
the absence of aggravating circumstances, and not the existence of a
mitigating factor per se: see eg, BDB at [63].

236 For completeness, I also noted that although the accused had an antecedent
from 2016 (where he was fined $1000 for riotous, disorderly or indecent
behaviour under s 20 of the Miscellaneous Offences Act (Cap 184) 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Transcript of 11 August 2022 p 1 ln 15 – 26.

), it was not an antecedent that had any relevance to the present offence.

Conclusion on sentence

237 For the reasons stated above, I concluded that a sentence of 15 strokes of
the cane would be appropriate in this case. I therefore sentenced the accused
to life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. The sentence of life
imprisonment was backdated to his date of arrest, 8 November 2019.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Han Ming Kuang and Lim Shin Hui (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Kanagavijayan Nadarajan (Kana & Co), Ramachandran Shiever Subramanium (Grays
LLC) and Wong Hong Weng Stephen (Matthew Chiong Partnership) for the Defence.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Nov 2022 (16:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

