Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 154

Companies Winding Up No 92 of 2022

Between

| Teunis Eigenraam  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Ngng Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Insolvency Law — Winding Up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Teunis Eigenraam

  
v

  

Ngng Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 154

General Division of the High Court — Companies Winding Up No 92 of 2022  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
20 May 2022

30 June 2022

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This was an application for winding up that came before me. The Applicant
sought the following prayers:

(a) That leave be granted to amend prayer 3 of the Originating Application;

(b) An order under s 264(4) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 (“IRDA”) that the procedural irregularity in the winding up
application did not render it invalid; and

(c) An adjournment for 6 weeks.

2 The Applicant had taken out the following advertisement in the Straits
Times:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

3 Rule 66(2)(b) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution (Corporate
Insolvency and Restructuring) Rules 2020 (“Corporate Insolvency and
Restructuring Rules”) states that the notice of the winding up application
must “contain a note stating that any person who intends to appear on the
hearing of the winding up application, either to oppose or support, must send
notice of such intention to the applicant within the time and manner set out
in rule 70”.

4 Rule 70 of the Corporate Insolvency and Restructuring Rules states that,
among other things, a notice of intention to appear must either be served, or
if delivered by post, reach the address of the applicant at least three clear
working days before the day appointed for the hearing of the application.

5 The advertisement taken out by the Applicant did not comply with the
requirements set out under Rule 66(2)(b) read with Rule 70 of the Corporate
Insolvency and Restructuring Rules. It stated that the notice of intention to
appear had to be served one clear working day, instead of the three clear
working days provided for under the Corporate Insolvency and Restructuring
Rules.

6 The Applicant therefore applied, under s 264(4) of the IRDA for an order
that this procedural irregularity in the winding up application did not render
it invalid. S 264(4) IRDA states:

(4) Subject to subsections (5) and (6) and without limiting any other
provision of Parts 4 to 11, the Court may, on application by any interested
person, make all or any of the following orders, either unconditionally or
subject to such conditions as the Court imposes:

(a) an order declaring that any act, matter or thing purporting to have been
done, or any proceeding purporting to have been instituted or taken, under
Parts 4 to 11 or in relation to a corporation is not invalid by reason of any
contravention of, or failure to comply with, a provision of Parts 4 to 11 or a
provision of any of the constituent documents of a corporation;

(b) an order relieving a person in whole or in part from any civil liability
in respect of a contravention or failure of a kind referred to in paragraph
(a);

(c) an order extending the period for doing any act, matter or thing or
instituting or taking any proceeding under Parts 4 to 11 or in relation to a
corporation (including an order extending a period where the period concerned
expired before the application for the order was made) or abridging the period
for doing such an act, matter or thing or instituting or taking such a
proceeding,

and may make such consequential or ancillary orders as the Court thinks fit.

7 The court may only grant an order under s 264(4)(a) if the following
requirements under s 264(6) are met:

(6) The Court must not make an order under this section unless it is satisfied
—

(a) in the case of an order mentioned in subsection (4)(a) —

(i) that the act, matter or thing, or the proceeding, mentioned in that
paragraph is essentially of a procedural nature;

(ii) that the person or persons concerned in or party to the contravention or
failure acted honestly; or

(iii) that it is in the public interest that the order be made;

(b) in the case of an order mentioned in subsection (4)(b), that the person
subject to the civil liability concerned acted honestly; and

(c) in every case, that no substantial injustice has been or is likely to be
caused to any person.

8 I also note that s 264(2) of the IRDA states:

(2) A proceeding under Parts 4 to 11 is not invalidated by reason of any
procedural irregularity unless the Court is of the opinion that the
irregularity has caused or may cause substantial injustice that cannot be
remedied by any order of the Court and by order declares the proceeding to be
invalid.

9 It is clear from s 264(2) that procedural irregularities do not render a
winding up proceeding invalid, unless the court, having taken the view that
the irregularity has caused or may cause substantial injustice that cannot be
remedied, declares the proceeding to be invalid. The question however, given
the order the Applicant had sought, was whether the court should grant a
declaration pursuant to s 264(4)(a) that the proceedings were not invalidated
by the procedural irregularity. Here, the requirements set out in s 264(6)
must be met – in other words, if I was of the view that if the error was a
procedural one and that the Applicant had acted honestly, and I was satisfied
that that error has not, or will not be likely to cause any substantial
injustice, it would be appropriate to grant the order sought under s
264(4)(a).

10 In the present case, I was satisfied that it was appropriate to grant the
order sought (see [1(b)] above) pursuant to s 264(4)(a) of the IRDA. I
explain.

11 In considering whether the error was of a procedural nature, it is useful
to look at what constitutes a procedural irregularity as defined under s
264(1) IRDA. As Justice Ang Cheng Hock (“Ang J”) noted in Mercantile &
Maritime Investments Pte Ltd v Iceberg Energy Pte Ltd and another matter
[2022] SGHC 64 (“Mercantile”) (at [81] – [82]):

81 The wording of s 264 of the IRDA substantially replicates that found in s
392 of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”), which
similarly deals with the treatment of procedural irregularities, albeit in the
context of proceedings under the Companies Act. In Thio Keng Poon v Thio Syn
Pyn and others and another appeal [2010] 3 SLR 143 (“Thio Keng Poon”), which
concerned s 392(2) of the Companies Act, the Court of Appeal stated that the
threshold burden of showing that the irregularity in question is of a
procedural nature rests on the party seeking to uphold the proceeding (at
[54]). The court also held that, to determine whether the non-compliance in
question is of a procedural or substantive nature, it must assiduously examine
the aim or object of the requirement which was not complied with (Thio Keng
Poon at [69]). It also cited with approval the following proposition
formulated by Palmer J in Cordiant Communications (Australia) Pty Ltd v The
Communications Group Holdings Pty Ltd [2005] NSWSC 1005 on the distinction
between procedural and substantive irregularities (see Thio Keng Poon at
[66]):

… what is a ‘procedural irregularity’ will be ascertained by first determining
what is ‘the thing to be done’ which the procedure is to regulate;

… if there is an irregularity which changes the substance of ‘the thing to be
done’, the irregularity will be substantive;

… if the irregularity merely departs from the prescribed manner in which the
thing is to be done without changing the substance of the thing, the
irregularity is procedural.

The application of such a proposition in any particular case will depend upon
… defining ‘the thing to be done’. …

82 As the foregoing would suggest, an irregularity arises as a result of non-
compliance with procedure or the requirements which govern how something is to
be done …

[emphasis in bold]

12 In Mercantile (at [79]), Ang J rejected the argument that “[defects]
associated with the [statutory demand] – namely, the timing at which it was
served”, could be cured by the court pursuant to s 264 of the IRDA. There were
“no requirements as to when a statutory demand must be served if it is to be
relied on as the ground for a winding-up application pursuant to s 125(2)(a)
of the IRDA” [emphasis in original] (Mercantile at [82]). Ang J therefore took
the view that the defect with the statutory demand, specifically the timing at
which it was served, could not be described as an irregularity to begin with,
and thus s 264(2) of the IRDA was inapplicable.

13 The present case differed. Rule 66(2)(b) read with Rule 70 of the Corporate
Insolvency and Restructuring Rules clearly set out the form requirements for
advertisements. The form requirement was not complied with. I was therefore
satisfied that the error here was of a procedural nature as it fell within the
definition of a procedural irregularity under s 264(1)(b) of the IRDA.

14 I turn now to consider the remaining requirements set out in  
s 264(6)(a)(ii) and s 264(6)(c). I do not find it necessary to consider  
s 264(6)(a)(iii) because the use of the word “or” suggests that s
264(6)(a)(ii) and s 264(6)(a)(iii) are disjunctive requirements.

15 The form requirements for advertisements set out in Rule 66(2)(b) read with
Rule 70 of the Corporate Insolvency and Restructuring Rules were meant to
bring to the attention of those who intended to appear at a winding-up
application of the requirements they had to fulfil.

16 Here, there were only two shareholders of the company – the Applicant and
one Ms Van Malleghem. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Claimant Affidavit dated 26 April 2022 at para 6.

Both the Applicant and Ms Van Malleghem were also directors of the respondent
company. There were no creditors. Counsel for the Claimant confirmed that they
had been corresponding with the solicitors for Ms Van Malleghem, and that they
were aware of these proceedings. Given that Ms Van Malleghem was the only
other person who was likely to appear at the winding up proceedings, and that
she had the benefit of legal counsel, it would have been likely that she would
be properly advised that any notice of intention to appear had to be filed
three clear days before the hearing, instead of the one clear working day as
stated in the advertisement. It was therefore clear that no substantial
injustice has been, or was likely to be caused to Ms Van Malleghem. It was
also clear to me that the error here was an honest mistake. In the
circumstances, I was satisfied that the requirements under s 264(6) of the
IRDA were satisfied, and that the order sought under s 264(4)(a) should be
granted.

Conclusion

17 I therefore granted the prayers sought, and allowed an adjournment for six
weeks.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Chan Chee Yun, Timothy (Pereira & Tan LLC) for the applicant.

The respondent absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Jul 2022 (12:08 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

