Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 31

Suit No 589 of 2020

Between

| Danny Raj a/l Muniappan  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ang Zhiqiang  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

ORAL judgment

[Tort — Negligence — Duty of care]

[Tort — Negligence — Breach of duty]

[Tort — Negligence — Causation]

[Tort — Negligence — Res ipsa loquitur]

[Tort — Nuisance — Public nuisance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Danny Raj a/l Muniappan

  
v

  

Ang Zhiqiang

[2022] SGHC 31

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 589 of 2020  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
26–29 October 2021, 24 December 2021

14 February 2022 Judgment reserved.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Background

1 This matter concerns a collision between Mr Danny Raj’s (“the plaintiff”)
motorcycle JLX215 and Mr Ang’s (“the defendant”) Audi car SFJ1223T along
Seletar Expressway (“SLE”) on the morning of 24 July 2017. At the material
time, the defendant’s car had lost power and stalled in the rightmost lane
(“the first lane”) of the SLE. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

para 7 of the Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at Tab 3,
BAEIC.

The defendant switched on the car’s hazard lights, pressed the boot switch to
open the car boot where a triangular breakdown signage was stored, and then
opened the car door to alight from the car to retrieve the signage. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

paras 7–8 of the Defendant’s AEIC at Tab 3, BAEIC.

However, before he could alight, the plaintiff’s motorcycle crashed into the
rear of the car. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

paras 8–9 of the Defendant’s AEIC at Tab 3, BAEIC; para 3 of the Plaintiff’s
AEIC at Tab 1, BAEIC; paras 4–5 of Mohammad Wirman Bin Saptu’s AEIC at Tab 8,
BAEIC.

2 The incident was captured on video by the in-car camera of Mohammad Wirman
Bin Saptu (“DW2”), who had been driving behind the defendant’s car in the same
lane of the SLE. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

paras 3 and 7 of Mohammad Wirman Bin Saptu’s AEIC at Tab 8, BAEIC.

The video footage captures the plaintiff overtaking DW2’s vehicle from the
right and then colliding with the defendant’s car.

3 The defendant called two eyewitnesses to testify at trial, namely, DW2 and
Chandra Kumaran Rao a/l Krishnan Moorthy (“DW3”), both of whom had been
driving on the SLE at the material time. The defendant also called as
witnesses his mother Khoo Heng Lai (“DW4”), who was the registered owner of
the car SFJ1223T and who was in the front passenger seat of the car at the
material time, as well as Neo Gim Seong (“DW5”), whose motor workshop NGS
Trading had been providing repair services for the car since November 2015.

4 Both parties also led evidence from their respective expert witnesses,
Sivasothy Nanthagopal (“PW2”) and Ang Bryan Tani (“DW6”), on possible reasons
why the defendant’s car had stalled and on the manner in which the car
SFJ1223T had been maintained prior to the accident.

5 In bringing this action, the plaintiff sought compensation for personal
injuries arising from the collision. The plaintiff framed his claim against
the defendant as being one in negligence and/or nuisance. In respect of the
claim in negligence, the following particulars were pleaded in the Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 2):

(a) Driving at a very slow speed or being stationary on the extreme right lane
of the highway;

(b) Posing as a nuisance and obstructing the normal flow of traffic along the
highway;

(c) Failing to exercise due care and skill in the management and control of
the car;

(d) Failing to observe the presence and approach of Mr Danny Raj on the
motorcycle;

(e) Failing to give a clear and unobstructed travel path to Mr Danny Raj, who
was proceeding straight along the fast lane of the highway in a normal manner;

(f) Allowing the car to remain on the fast lane which was unsafe and dangerous
so to do;

(g) Failing to take all reasonable steps to alert other road users that the
car poses a danger;

(h) Causing a nuisance by failing to remove the car from the fast lane;

(i) Failing to stop, swerve, slow down or in any other way to manage or
control the car so as to avoid the said collision. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

para 3 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), Supplementary Set Down
Bundle.

6 In respect of the claim in nuisance, an amendment was made to the Statement
of Claim on 11 October 2021 to delete the reference to “private” nuisance. As
such, I understand the plaintiff to be claiming public nuisance. In his
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), this was described as having been an
“unlawful obstruction” caused by “the Defendant’s car in coming to a stop all
of a sudden along the fast lane of the expressway”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

para 4 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), Supplementary Set Down
Bundle.

In addition, the following particulars were pleaded:

(a) Failing to maintain the car at all times to ensure that it would not stall
while on the highway;

(b) Failing to appreciate in time or at all that the car was going to stall;

(c) Failing to appreciate the signs and symptoms of the car prior to stalling;

(d) Failing to ensure that the car was reasonably well maintained by competent
car mechanics and repairers who are well-versed in the technology and design
of the car;

(e) Failing to have the car inspected for professional opinion on the cause of
the car to stall suddenly along the highway and leading to the road traffic
accident;

(f) Res ipsa loquitur. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

para 4 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), Supplementary Set Down
Bundle.

7 I add that while the above particulars were ostensibly pleaded in respect of
the claim in nuisance, the manner in which the plaintiff’s case was put at
trial showed that he actually relied on them as being additional particulars
of the defendant’s alleged negligence.

The plaintiff’s claim in negligence

8 I deal first with the plaintiff’s claim in negligence. I do not think it is
disputed that in principle, the plaintiff has to establish the following in
order to succeed in his claim in negligence:

(a) The existence of a duty of care;

(b) The standard of care required, i.e. what would be reasonable in the
circumstances;

(c) Breach of the duty of care by the defendant;

(d) A causal connection between the defendant’s breach and the plaintiff’s
damage;

(e) That the plaintiff’s damage was not so unforeseeable as to be too remote.

Negligence: Duty of care

9 The defendant did not dispute that he owed other road users such as the
plaintiff a duty of care. Nor did he dispute that such a duty of care would
have required him to exercise due care and skill in the management and control
of the car.

Negligence: Breach

10 However, the plaintiff was unable to explain – much less to prove – exactly
how the defendant had failed to exercise due care and skill in the management
and control of the car. It was not pleaded – nor was it put to the defendant –
that he had driven the car in a careless manner prior to its stalling. This
was not a case where the defendant had voluntarily and deliberately parked or
stopped his car while driving along the first lane of the expressway.
Comparisons to cases such as Chop Seng Heng v Thevannasan & ors [1975] 2 MLJ 3
and Yang Xi Na v Lim Chong Hong and another (Ong Ah Seng, third party) [2006]
3 SLR(R) 459 (“Yang Xi Na”) – in the context of the negligence claim – were
therefore not entirely apt, because the stationary vehicles in those cases
were stationary as a result of the drivers’ deliberate decisions to park the
vehicles in a particular spot and/or in a particular position.

11 While it was pleaded that the defendant had failed to appreciate that “the
car was going to stall” and/or to appreciate the “signs and symptoms of the
car prior to stalling”, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

paras 4(b) and 4(c) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), Supplementary
Set Down Bundle.

there was no evidence before me to bear out this assertion. Towards the end of
the defendant’s cross-examination, it was put to him that “an alarm and
warning lights” would have come on inside the car prior to its stalling and
that he must have “ignored” such alarm or warning lights, thereby causing the
car to stall. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 59 line 26 to p 60 line 5.

However, I did not find that the evidence before me was sufficient to conclude
that more probably than not, the problem(s) which caused the car to stall was
of such a nature that it would have set off “an alarm and warning lights”. In
any event, even assuming for the sake of argument that “an alarm and warning
lights” would more probably than not have come on inside the car prior to its
stalling, the evidence available was insufficient for me to conclude that more
probably than not, the defendant had sufficient time to steer the car to a
safe spot along the expressway but “ignored” the alarm and warning lights
until the car had actually stalled. There did not appear to me to be any
reason why the defendant would have “ignored” an “alarm and warning lights”,
and persisted in continuing to drive on the first lane despite such warning
signs, when he had his mother DW4 in the car with him. From the evidence of
the defendant 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

para 6 of the defendant’s supplementary AEIC, Tab 4, BAEIC.

and that of DW4, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

para 9 of DW4’s AEIC, Tab 7, BAEIC.

it appeared that the first sign of trouble with the car was the loss of power:
as the defendant explained in cross-examination, the car failed to respond
when he pressed the accelerator pedal and slowed down “very quickly”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 14 lines 14 to 19.

The defendant denied that he had “ignored” any alarm and/or warning lights; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 59 line 26 to p 60 line 5.

and he was not shaken in his evidence.

12 There was also no evidence at all that the defendant responded in a
careless manner to the loss of power in the car. On the contrary, it appeared
to me that the defendant’s actions in response to the loss of power were those
which a reasonable driver would have taken in the circumstances. According to
the defendant, he first signaled left with the intention of filtering left to
the road shoulder, but soon realized that he would not be able to get the car
across several lanes of traffic due to its loss of power and the fact that
vehicles were continuing to pass by on his left. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 16 lines 18 to 21; para 7 of the
defendant’s supplementary AEIC, Tab 4, BAEIC.

On realising this, he immediately switched on his hazard lights. At this
moment, the car stalled. The defendant then pressed the boot switch to release
the boot where his break-down signage was kept, and opened his door to alight
to retrieve the break-down signage. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

paras 7–8 of the defendant’s AEIC, Tab 3, BAEIC.

It was at this point that the plaintiff’s motorcycle collided into the rear of
the defendant’s car.

13 The defendant’s account of the actions he took upon experiencing the loss
of power in the car was corroborated by the evidence of the independent
eyewitness, DW2. DW2’s evidence was that when he was a few car lengths behind
the defendant’s car, he had already seen the hazard lights of the defendant’s
car switched on and its boot open. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

para 3 of DW2’s AEIC, Tab 8, BAEIC.

The video footage taken by DW2’s in-car camera, as well as the still
photographs taken from the footage, showed the defendant’s car with its hazard
lights switched on, its boot open, and the driver’s door open, as DW2’s car
approached it from behind. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

pp 13–17 of DW2’s AEIC, Tab 8, BAEIC.

14 It should also be noted that DW2’s evidence was that once he noticed that
the defendant’s car had its hazard lights switched on and its boot open, DW2
reacted by “trying to filter to the left lane” – but was unable to do so
because traffic in the lane to his left (the second lane) was “still fast-
moving”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

paras 4 and 9.2 of DW2’s AEIC, Tab 8, BAEIC.

This is corroborated by the video footage. DW2’s evidence 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

paras 4–5 of DW2’s AEIC at Tab 8, BAEIC; see also transcript of 27 October
2021 at p 80 lines 7 to 26.

– and the corresponding video footage – also showed that DW2 was straddling
the first and second lanes when the plaintiff’s motorcycle overtook DW2’s car
from the right and collided into the rear of the defendant’s car. The
necessary inference that must be drawn from this evidence is that the
defendant’s car had stalled and come to a stop only seconds before the
plaintiff’s motorcycle collided into its rear. In the circumstances, it was
simply not true to say (as the plaintiff did) that the defendant had failed to
take reasonable steps to warn other road users that his car had stalled, or
that he had carelessly “allowed” the car to “remain” on the first lane in an
“unsafe” or “dangerous” manner.

15 It appears to me the plaintiff realized the futility of trying to prove
that the defendant had driven the car in a careless manner, because the bulk
of his counsel’s cross-examination of the defendant at trial actually focused
on the maintenance of the car. It was put to the defendant that the car had
stalled because he had failed to ensure that it was “properly and adequately”
maintained. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 58 lines 16 to 20.

16 I do not understand the defendant to be seriously disputing that as a
matter of general principle, the owner of a car should ensure that his car has
been reasonably maintained such that it is capable of being safely driven on
the road. Although the defendant was not actually the owner of the Audi car,
it was not disputed that the owner DW4 left it to him to arrange for the
maintenance of the car. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

paras 2 and 5 of DW4’s AEIC, Tab 7, BAEIC.

Not surprisingly, however, the defendant denied that he was in breach of any
duty vis-à-vis the maintenance of the car; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 58 lines 16 to 20.

and unfortunately, the plaintiff simply could not articulate with any
coherence the standard of care which the defendant should have satisfied.

17 At various points in the course of the trial, it appeared to be suggested
that the only reasonable thing which the defendant could have done in terms of
the maintenance of the car was to continue taking it to the Audi-authorised
workshop for servicing even after the expiry of the warranty period. This
appeared to be the point of PW2’s evidence, as PW2 claimed that Audi-
authorised workshops would have access to Audi service bulletins 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 82 lines 24 to 26.

and genuine Audi parts, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

pp 79 and 82 of Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBOD”).

whereas non-Audi authorised workshops (or “independent workshops”) would not.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

pp 81 and 82 of PBOD.

Further, PW2 claimed that the defendant’s car did not appear to have received
the checks recommended under an Audi-approved maintenance schedule. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

pp 78 and 86 of PBOD.

Regrettably, however, PW2’s evidence appeared to be predominantly based on
conjecture and hearsay. PW2 failed to adduce in evidence the service bulletins
he claimed to have seen; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 82 line 20 to p 84 line 6.

and the plaintiff’s counsel also did not put to the defendant or DW5 any
specific alerts or warnings from these service bulletins which might have been
missed and which – if only they had been heeded and attended to – might have
averted the stalling of the car on 24 July 2017. The maintenance schedule
exhibited in PW2’s second report 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

p 86 of PBOD.

was said by PW2 to have been obtained from the US, but no evidence was adduced
to show that the maintenance schedule applied strictly and in full to Audi
cars produced for the Singapore market. When pressed, PW2 gave vague responses
to the effect that “most” of the items in the US maintenance schedule “has
[sic] to be carried out in Singapore”, that he had been “told the number of
hours is shortened in Singapore”, and that “(s)ome items that are not in the
cars in Asia are not to be carried out”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 84 lines 25 to 28.

When pressed further as to who had “told” him these things, PW2 tried to
bridge the gap in his evidence by claiming that he had checked “the Audi
website in Singapore” and spoken to “one Audi user”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 84 lines 29 to 31.

When pressed further, he conceded that he had not adduced in evidence before
the court the information allegedly obtained from the Audi website; and he was
obliged to concede too that without this information being adduced, there was
no way to verify the accuracy of his claims. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 86 line 18 to p 87 line 8.

It also transpired that the “Audi user” he claimed to have “checked with” was
not an expert on the servicing of Audi cars but simply a person who “has an
Audi”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 85 lines 1 to 16.

The precise identity of this person was never revealed; and although PW2
claimed to have checked with him on “the services he carried out … at the Audi
workshop”, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 85 lines 6 to 7.

the contents of PW2’s discussions with this person were not elaborated upon
anywhere in the two expert reports.

18 As for PW2’s assertion that independent workshops would not have found it
possible to obtain genuine Audi parts for repairs, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 107 lines 9 to 13.

DW5’s invoices stated that he had used genuine Audi parts for repairs to the
defendant’s vehicle. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

pp 37–41, 44–48 of Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DBOD”).

When DW5 was asked in cross-examination whether he had ever used non-genuine
parts, he denied it; 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See transcript of 28 October 2021 at p 33 lines 4 to 5, 14 to 26.

and he was not shaken in his evidence. In cross-examination, PW2 admitted that
his evidence about the lack of access to genuine Audi parts was based on a
conversation with an unnamed individual who had answered his telephone call to
Audi Singapore’s general line – and that he had not mentioned this
conversation anywhere in his AEIC or in his reports. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 107 line 9 to p 108 line 31.

If PW2’s evidence was intended to persuade me that reasonably competent
servicing and maintenance of an Audi car could only be provided by an Audi-
authorised workshop, then I have to say I found his methodology lacking in
objectivity, and his evidence woefully unreliable.

19 In any event, and perhaps more problematically for the plaintiff, he never
pleaded in the first place that the standard of care to be imposed in this
case required the defendant to ensure his car was serviced only by an Audi-
authorised workshop. Indeed, even if he had pleaded such a position, I do not
see how he would have proven it. The defence expert, DW6, testified that
“typically, owners do not send their cars to the agent for servicing or
maintenance once the warranty period is over”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See transcript of 29 October 2021 at p 6 lines 13 to 20.

DW6 explained that this was “largely due to the huge cost difference between
going to the agent, and to a non-authorised or a normal servicing workshop”.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See transcript of 29 October 2021 at p 6 lines 20 to 22.

Even the plaintiff’s own expert, PW2, conceded in cross-examination that it
was common practice for “some” Audi owners to bring their cars to independent
workshops for servicing after the expiry of the warranty period. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 109 lines 11 to 15.

Nor did PW2 go so far as to say that all or most independent workshops would
be incapable of providing reasonably competent maintenance for the type of
Audi car driven by the defendant.

20 As for the position actually pleaded by the plaintiff (ie, that the
defendant failed to ensure that “the car was reasonably well maintained by
competent car mechanics and repairers who are well versed in the technology
and design of the car”), the evidence before me was insufficient to prove that
the NGS Trading workshop – or DW5 – was in some way incompetent or unqualified
to provide reasonable maintenance services. It was never put to the defendant
which specific portions of the documented servicing and repair history should
have set off alarm bells in his mind as to the competence of the NGS Trading
workshop or the reliability of the car. In fact, just the month prior to the
accident, the car had passed its LTA inspection. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

para 6 and p 6 of DW4’s AEIC, Tab 7, BAIEC.

PW2 agreed with the plaintiff’s counsel in re-examination that the LTA
inspection would not have checked on “the integrity of the various car
components that drive the machine”, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 135 lines 1 to 4.

but he did not explain what he meant by this. In any case, the LTA certificate
made it clear that the inspection – which was carried out pursuant to section
90 of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) – had found the car in
compliance with “the prescribed statutory requirements”. It is plainly stated
in the statute itself that the inspection pursuant to section 90 is a “test of
[the] satisfactory condition of [the] vehicle”; and that under section 91, a
vehicle without such a test certificate cannot be used on the road. In the
circumstances, there did not appear to be any evidence to suggest the
defendant should have been put on notice that his chosen workshop was
incompetent or that his car was unroadworthy.

Negligence: Causation

21 Even if I were to assume for the sake of argument that the defendant had
somehow failed to ensure that “the car was reasonably well maintained by
competent car mechanics and repairers who are well-versed in the technology
and design of the car”, the plaintiff still had to prove that it was this
breach which caused the accident on 24 July 2017.

22 In this connection, it is not enough for the plaintiff to say that “but
for” the defendant’s car having stalled in the first lane, there would have
been nothing for the plaintiff to collide into. Even assuming a defendant’s
conduct is found to be a cause on application of the “but for” test, it is not
conclusive as to whether such a defendant should be held responsible in law,
since the function of the causal enquiry in law is to determine which causes
have significance for the purpose of attributing legal responsibility: Clerk &
Lindsell on Torts (23rd edition, Sweet & Maxwell 2020) at [2-09].

23 In Wright v Lodge & another [1993] 4 All ER 299 (“Wright”), the
respondent’s car broke down along the eastbound carriageway of an unlit dual
carriageway at night when visibility was very poor. The car came to a stop in
the nearside lane of the carriageway, and while the respondent was trying to
start it, an articulated container lorry driven by the appellant crashed into
the back of it, seriously injuring a passenger in the rear seat. The lorry
then veered out of control across the central reservation and came to rest on
its side in the opposite carriageway where it was struck by three cars and a
lorry. The driver of one of the cars was killed and another driver was
injured. It was found that the appellant had been driving at a speed above the
speed limit to which his vehicle was subject, and that he had been driving at
that speed in thick fog at night. Vis-à-vis the dead and injured car drivers,
the English Court of Appeal upheld (at 300) the lower court’s finding that
although the respondent had been negligent in not removing her car from the
carriageway onto the verge, the sole cause of the lorry ending up on the
westbound carriageway and the drivers’ consequent death and injuries was the
appellant’s reckless driving, which was the only relevant legal cause of that
event. According to the court, the appellant had driven in a manner which was
“unwarranted and unreasonable”, leading to the violent swerve and braking that
sent his lorry out of control; and the eventual presence of the lorry in the
westbound carriageway was “wholly attributable” to the appellant (at 307).

24 In Wright, Parker LJ described the appellant’s driving as having been
“reckless” (at 307), while the judgment of Woolf LJ also referenced at one
point the use of the description “deliberately or recklessly” (at 308). In the
present case, while the defendant pleaded inter alia that the accident was
caused solely by the plaintiff and pursued in closing submissions the argument
that the plaintiff’s conduct constituted a novus actus interveniens in the
chain of causation, he did not plead recklessness per se. However, I do not
find this fatal to his argument of novus actus interveniens. In Spencer v
Wincanton Holdings Ltd (Wincanton Logistics Ltd) [2009] EWCA Civ 1404
(“Spencer”), Sedley LJ and Aikens LJ eschewed the use of formulations such as
“recklessly or deliberately” in determining whether a claimant’s own conduct
constituted a novus actus interveniens and the effective cause of his injury.
Sedley LJ pointed out that “one is uneasy about the importation of a formula
(“recklessly or deliberately”) from the field of criminal law, where
recklessness is commonly equated with intent … (A)n intentional act may be
anything from a fault-free act to a novus actus interveniens” (at [19]). In
his view, perhaps the more relevant formulation was that “the degree of
unreasonable conduct which is required” for a claimant’s conduct to constitute
a novus actus interveniens is “very high” (at [20]). Agreeing with Sedley LJ,
Aikens LJ stated (at [45]):

The line between a set of facts which results in a finding of contributory
negligence and a set of facts which results in a finding that the
“unreasonable conduct” of the Claimant constitutes a novus actus interveniens
is not … capable of precise definition … (E)ach case will depend on the facts
and … the court will have to apply a value judgment to the facts as found.

25 In Dymond v Pearce [1972] 1 QB 496 (“Dymond”), a lorry driver had parked
his lorry on the highway. The lorry was parked with its lights on beneath a
street lamp and was visible for some 200 yards. Some hours after the lorry had
been left parked in that position without incident, a motorcyclist collided
into the back of the lorry, and the plaintiff – who was then riding pillion on
the motorcycle – was injured. The plaintiff sued (inter alia) the lorry driver
in negligence and also in nuisance. In respect of the claim in negligence, the
trial judge held that on the facts, the lorry driver had not been negligent in
parking the lorry as he did. The trial judge further held that “even if this
was a common law obstruction, nevertheless as such it was not causative of the
present accident”, as he found that the accident was “wholly attributable to
the fact that the motor cyclist as he rode along was watching the attractive
young ladies on the pavement instead of looking ahead of him to see what
conditions he was about to encounter” (at 503). On appeal, the English Court
of Appeal affirmed the trial judge’s findings on the claim in negligence,
holding that his “finding that the sole cause of the accident was the motor
cyclist’s negligence” was “a correct conclusion” (per Sachs LJ, at 503).

26 In the present case, the best evidence of the plaintiff’s conduct came from
his own testimony and from the objective evidence of the video footage. It
will be remembered that DW2’s vehicle was directly behind the defendant’s car
when the latter stalled and came to a stop. DW2 did not collide into the
defendant’s car because he had already – from a “substantial distance” –
noticed the defendant’s hazard lights turned on and his car boot open. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

paras 3, 9.1, and 9.4 of DW2’s AEIC, Tab 8, BAIEC.

From his evidence, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

paras 4 and 9.5 of DW2’s AEIC, Tab 8, BAIEC.

and as seen from the video footage, DW2 in fact had enough time to start
filtering towards the left lane (“the second lane”). It was at this point that
the plaintiff overtook DW2’s vehicle from the right. What happened in the next
few seconds is best described in the plaintiff’s own words:

It’s only when I overtook this video car [DW2’s vehicle] that I saw the other
breakdown car [the Defendant’s car]. And then, I collided with the breakdown
car. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 42 lines 6 to 7.

When I’m behind any vehicle, I cannot see what is in front of me. I can only
see after I overtake that vehicle … I couldn’t see what was in front of this
video car [DW2’s vehicle], so when I started to overtake it, I saw the other
stationary vehicle [the Defendant’s car] and then I started to brake; but it
was too near and it collided with the vehicle … 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 47 lines 17 to 27.

[emphasis added]

27 Several other points were also glaringly obvious from the video footage.
First, prior to overtaking DW2’s vehicle, the plaintiff had been behind DW2 in
the first lane, having switched from the third lane to the second lane and
then to the first lane within a matter of seconds. In other words, the
plaintiff was not the vehicle immediately behind the defendant’s car when the
latter lost power and stalled. Second, although the plaintiff claimed that
DW2’s vehicle had “slowed down” but not yet come to a stop even before he (the
plaintiff) entered the first lane, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 42 lines 17 to 26.

the video footage showed otherwise. As seen from the video footage, DW2’s
vehicle had already come to a stop prior to attempting to filter left. This
should have indicated to the plaintiff the presence of some object ahead in
the first lane which was causing DW2 to brake and to filter to the left lane –
that is, if the plaintiff had been paying attention. Even if DW2 had only
slowed down and not come to a complete stop, his slowing down and his attempt
to filter left would have sufficed to indicate to the plaintiff the
possibility of obstacles ahead in the lane – that is, if the plaintiff had
been paying attention. Third, in choosing to overtake DW2’s vehicle from the
right, the plaintiff’s motorcycle had to squeeze through a relatively narrow
space between DW2’s vehicle and the road divider. The plaintiff himself
admitted that he “had to go near to the road divider when [he] was overtaking
[DW2’s] vehicle”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 49 lines 10 to 11.

This meant that the plaintiff was left with very limited room to swerve or to
otherwise maneuver his motorcycle when he finally noticed the defendant’s car.
Fourth, it was chillingly clear from the video footage that the plaintiff’s
motorcycle did not brake or even slow down prior to overtaking DW2’s vehicle.
From the video footage, there was no discernible pause at all in the speed of
the plaintiff’s motorcycle as it crashed into the rear of the stalled car.
Indeed, based on the video footage, the force of the plaintiff’s collision
with the stationary car was so great that his pillion was flung from the
motorcycle and flew through the air till he landed some distance away. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

paras 8–9 of Defendant’s AEIC, Tab 3, BAIEC; paras 5–6 of DW3’s AEIC, Tab 6,
BAEIC; See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 81 lines 14 to 17.

In the Plaintiff’s own words: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See transcript of 26 October 2021 at p 46 lines 26 to 28.

I was travelling at about 90 kilometres per hour and if I had braked any
harder, I would have flown off. By the time I braked, I was too near to the
vehicle [the Defendant’s car]. That is why I collided. [emphasis added]

28 Having regard to all this evidence, even if I were to assume for the sake
of argument that the defendant had failed in his duty to maintain the car in a
reasonable condition such that it stalled on 24 July 2017, it was plain that
this was not the effective cause of the accident. Instead, the effective cause
of the accident was the plaintiff’s wholly unreasonable conduct in overtaking
DW2’s vehicle from the right without pausing to check the condition of the
traffic ahead in the first lane, and in carrying out this maneuver at a speed
which did not allow him to brake in time to avoid the stalled car.

29 In sum therefore, the evidence adduced simply does not support the
plaintiff’s case on breach and causation.

Negligence: Res ipsa loquitur

30 I deal with two other points in relation to the plaintiff’s claim in
negligence. The first concerns the plaintiff’s pleaded reliance on the
doctrine of res ipsa loquitur. In this connection, much reliance was placed in
the plaintiff’s closing submissions on the decision of the English Court of
Appeal (“CA”) in Southport Corporation v Esso Petroleum Co Ltd & another
[1954] 2 QB 182 (“Southport”). However, that decision does not assist the
plaintiff at all. In Southport, an oil tanker belonging to the first
defendants developed a defect in its steering gear which caused the vessel to
get out of control, to strike the revetment wall, and to become stranded in
the estuary of the river it was traveling along. To prevent the vessel from
breaking her back, the master of the vessel (the second defendant) jettisoned
400 tons of her oil cargo, which was carried by the tide on to a foreshore
belonging to the plaintiffs and caused considerable damage. A majority of the
CA (Singleton LJ and Denning LJ) noted (at 192) that the trial judge had found
as a fact that the trouble arose through looseness of or a fracture to the
stern frame which could not have been caused by heavy seas if the stern frame
had been sound; and that the trial judge appeared to have considered that this
was a case in which the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur applied. In the
majority’s view, since the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur applied, the onus was
on the defendant vessel owners to explain why the steering gear of the ship
went wrong; and as the defendant vessel owners had failed to provide any
explanation, they were liable to the plaintiffs in negligence (at 193–194). As
Denning LJ put it (at 201):

… (T)he facts, to my mind, speak for themselves. The steering gear of the ship
went wrong. It ought not to have gone wrong if those having the management of
the vessel used proper care. The defendants have not given any explanation of
how it could go wrong, consistent with due diligence. Surely, if they had had
proper examinations and surveys of the ship, the stern frame would not have
fractured. The inference of negligence should, I think, plainly be drawn.

31 The CA majority in Southport found against the defendant vessel owners. I
note as an aside that the defendant vessel owners’ appeal was allowed by the
House of Lords on the basis that no allegation of unseaworthiness had been
pleaded by the plaintiffs, that every allegation of negligence actually
pleaded by them had been correctly decided by the trial judge in the
defendants’ favour, and that the defendants could not be held responsible for
failing to negative a possible case which had not been alleged against them in
the pleadings (Esso Petroleum Co. Ltd v Southport Corporation [1955] AC 218 at
237). The decision by the House of Lords did not touch on the observations of
the majority of the Court of Appeal regarding the manner in which the doctrine
of res ipsa loquitur should be applied: namely, that the doctrine of res ipsa
loquitur has no application where the cause of the accident is known. This has
also been made clear in numerous other authorities: for example, in the
decision of the House of Lords in Barkway v South Wales Transport Co Ltd
[1950] 1 All ER 392 (“Barkway”).

32 In Barkway, the appellant’s husband was killed while travelling as a
passenger in the respondents’ omnibus. The omnibus had veered across the road,
mounted the pavement and fallen over an embankment. Evidence was given that
this had happened because the offside front tyre had burst, and that the cause
of the tyre bursting was an impact fracture due to one or more heavy blows on
the outside of the tyre leading to the disintegration of the inner parts.
Evidence also showed that a competent driver would be able to recognize the
difference between a blow heavy enough to endanger the strength of the tyre
and a lesser concussion. The trial judge found that the respondents were
guilty of negligence in their system of tyre maintenance, but his finding was
reversed by the Court of Appeal. Before the House of Lords, the appellant
argued inter alia that the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur applied. In allowing
the appeal, the court pointed out that the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur had
no application on the facts of the case because the cause of the accident was
known: it was an impact fracture to the tyre that had caused it to burst and
led to the omnibus veering across the road and down the embankment (per Lord
Normand, at 399-–400). Per Lord Porter, at 394–395:

The doctrine [of res ipsa loquitur] is dependent on the absence of explanation
[of the cause of the accident], and, although it is the duty of the
defendants, if they desire to protect themselves, to give an adequate
explanation of the cause of the accident, yet, if the facts are sufficiently
known, the question ceases to be one where the facts speak for themselves, and
the solution is to be found by determining whether, on the facts as
established, negligence is to be inferred or not.

33 In the present case, it cannot be said that the cause of the accident is
unknown. Based on the plaintiff’s own admissions and the undisputed video
evidence, the cause of the accident was the plaintiff’s own conduct, in
overtaking DW2’s vehicle from the right when he could not see the traffic
ahead, and when he was riding at a speed which did not allow him to brake in
time to avoid a stationary object like the stalled car. In the circumstances,
the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur had no application.

Negligence: On the scrapping of the car post-accident

34 The second point concerns the scrapping of the defendant’s vehicle a few
months following the accident. The defendant was cross-examined at length
about this. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 47 line 11 to p 56 line 27.

It was suggested to him that he should have wanted to find out from the
workshop what had gone wrong with the car and the reason why it had stalled.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See transcript of 27 October 2021 at p 53 line 5 to p 54 line 29.

I did not find these suggestions helpful to the plaintiff’s case. Insofar as
it appeared to be suggested that the defendant had a duty in law to “have the
car inspected for professional opinion on the cause of the car to stall
suddenly along the highway [sic]”, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

para 4(e) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), Tab 1, Supplementary Set
Down Bundle.

no effort was made by the plaintiff to explain the basis for the imposition of
such a duty, and no authorities were cited in support of such a position. I
add that insofar as the plaintiff seemed to think the defendant bore the
burden of proving the precise cause of the car stalling, this was incorrect.
It was the plaintiff’s pleaded case that the defendant failed to ensure that
“the car was reasonably well maintained” by a competent mechanic “well versed
in the technology and design of the car”. It was the plaintiff who put it to
the defendant that his failure to ensure the adequate maintenance of the car
led to its stalling which in turn (according to the plaintiff) led to the
accident. It was for the plaintiff, therefore, to prove these things: as I
have explained (see [30] to [33]), this was not a case where the doctrine of
res ipsa loquitur was applicable. Plainly, the plaintiff could not prove what
he alleged.

35 Insofar as it appeared to be implied in cross-examination that there was
something odd about the scrapping of the car, no basis was shown for this
suggestion either. The documentary evidence showed that following the
accident, the car was sent to the workshop nominated by the defendant’s
insurers. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

pp 5–12 of the Defendant’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents.

The documentary evidence also showed that the car was sent to the workshop for
an assessment of the extent of the damage and the potential cost of repairs:
neither the insurers nor the workshop personnel were concerned during this
process with conducting an investigation into the cause(s) of the car having
stalled, as their chief concern was whether it would be economical to repair
the car. As it turned out, the assessment was that it would not be economical
to repair the car, in view of the estimated cost of the repairs – and this was
why the car was scrapped. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

pp 6 and 9 of the Defendant’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents.

In short, there was nothing sinister about the scrapping of the car.

Negligence: summary

36 As I find that the evidence before me simply cannot support the plaintiff’s
case on breach and causation, I do not find it necessary to address the
defendant’s reliance on the defence of volenti non fit injuria.

The plaintiff’s claim in public nuisance

37 I address next the plaintiff’s claim in public nuisance.

Nuisance: Obstruction

38 In considering the plaintiff’s claim in nuisance, I found the case of
Dymond (referenced by the High Court in Yang Xi Na and Goh Pin Yi Cindy v
Mahmod Fadzuli bin Mahnor & another [2009] SGHC 94) to be relevant and
helpful. As noted earlier, the plaintiff in Dymond was the pillion on a
motorcycle that had collided into the rear of a lorry parked on the highway;
and he sued (inter alia) the driver of the lorry in both negligence and public
nuisance. He failed in both claims, and his appeal against the trial judge’s
decision on both the negligence and the nuisance claims was dismissed by the
English Court of Appeal. The appellate court disagreed with the judge’s
finding that the lorry – parked as it was for some hours on the highway – did
not amount to a nuisance in law. However, it dismissed the appeal against the
trial judge’s rejection of the nuisance claim because it agreed with his
finding that in any event, the motorcyclist’s negligence was the sole cause of
the collision.

39 In considering the claim in nuisance, Sachs LJ held that “(t)he first
question to be answered is whether or not this lorry when left on the main
road from 6 p.m. with a view to its not being moved until 4 a.m. constituted
at 9.45 p.m. an obstruction of the highway which in law should be held to be a
nuisance” (at 501). He further noted (at 501) that the “law on the question of
what constitutes a public nuisance in a highway is plain” and had been
“compactly stated” in the judgment of Lord Evershed M.R. in Trevett v Lee
[1955] 1 WLR 113 as follows:

The law as regards obstructions to highways is conveniently stated in a
passage in Salmond on Torts, 11th ed., p. 303: ‘A nuisance to a highway
consists either in obstructing it or in rendering it dangerous’, and then a
number of examples are given, which seem to me to show that, prima facie, at
any rate, when you speak of an obstruction to a highway, you mean something
which permanently or temporarily removes the whole of part of the highway from
the public use altogether.

40 In Dymond, Sachs LJ held that the “leaving of a large vehicle on a highway
for any other purpose for a considerable period … otherwise than in a lay-by
prima facie results in a nuisance being created, for it narrows the highway”.
Importantly, he added that “it is always a matter of degree” (at 502). In the
case before him, he found that there was a nuisance created by the “parking
for many hours for the driver’s own convenience of a large lorry on a highway
of sufficient importance to have a dual carriageway”, where the parked lorry
had the effect of “reducing the width of such a road [from 24 feet] to about
16 feet” (at 502).

Nuisance: Danger

41 Stephenson LJ agreed with the above reasoning by Sachs LJ. Edmund Davies LJ
agreed (at 504) that “the mere fact that an obstruction has come into
existence cannot turn it into a nuisance” and that a nuisance would “obviously
be created” if the obstruction was allowed to “continue for an unreasonable
time or in unreasonable circumstances” (citing Lord Greene MR in Maitland v
Raisbeck & R.T. & J. Hewitt Ltd [1944] KB 689). He differed from Sachs LJ to
the extent that he took the view that in a public nuisance case, a plaintiff
who wished to recover compensation for personal injuries caused by a collision
with an obstruction “must establish that the obstruction constituted a danger”
(at 504). On the facts of Dymond, Edmund Davies LJ concluded that although the
parked lorry “constituted an obstruction, and therefore a public nuisance,
having been deliberately and inexcusably left parked for several hours, it did
not present a danger to those using the highway in the manner in which they
could reasonably have been expected to use it” (at 507).

42 As noted earlier, Dymond was cited locally by the High Court in Yang Xi Na.
In that case, the plaintiff was injured when the bus she was in collided with
a stationary tipper lorry which had been parked on the lane that the bus was
travelling in, opposite an unbroken white line which indicated parking was
prohibited. The plaintiff sued the bus driver and his employer (the
defendants) in negligence and public nuisance, and they in turn joined the
driver of the tipper lorry as a third party. The defendants accepted liability
towards the plaintiff; and the High Court allowed in part their claim against
the lorry driver for indemnity. In respect of the nuisance claim, the High
Court – having noted the difference in approach between Sachs LJ and Edmund
Davies LJ in Dymond (at [19]–[22]) – held (at [23]–[24]):

Obstructions of a road vary in magnitude; they can obstruct large or small
parts of the road, and may be clearly visible and easy to get around, or may
appear without warning and be difficult to avoid. For an obstruction to
constitute an actionable nuisance, the obstruction has to be a danger to road
users.

When someone creates a condition on the highway which constitutes a danger to
road users, that is a nuisance whether the danger is in the form of an
obstruction or otherwise, eg, where oil flows onto the road and makes it
slippery or smoke blows across the road and blocks visibility.

43 In Yang Xi Na, in allowing the defendants’ claim against the lorry driver
for indemnity, the High Court found that the lorry driver had created a
nuisance in parking his tipper lorry where it did. The court found the
following factors relevant (at [29]–[30]):

(a) the driver had parked the tipper lorry against an unbroken white line,
where parking was prohibited;

(b) the lorry blocked the path of the bus along the left lane which the bus
had turned into;

(c) the lorry driver did not turn on warning lights or do anything to alert
other road users to the presence of his lorry;

(d) visibility along that stretch of road was limited at the time of the
accident; and

(e) other road users might not expect vehicles to be parked illegally along
the left side of the road.

44 Coming back to the facts of the present case, I do not find that they
support the plaintiff’s claim in nuisance. My conclusion would be no different
whether I apply Sachs LJ’s or Edmund Davies LJ’s approach. To recap, the
evidence in this case – which included the video footage – showed that in the
short span of time between his car losing power and its coming to a stop, the
defendant had already switched on his hazard lights, pressed the boot switch
to open the boot where he kept the break-down signage, and opened his car door
to alight and retrieve this signage. The evidence also showed that DW2 – who
was then directly behind the defendant’s car in the same lane – was able to
slow down and start filtering to the left lane after observing that the
defendant’s hazard lights had been switched on and that his boot was open.
From DW2’s evidence and from the video footage, it was clear that the
defendant’s car had been stationary for only a matter of seconds before the
plaintiff’s motor-cycle overtook DW2’s vehicle from the right and crashed into
the rear of the defendant’s car. The facts of this case were thus very
different from those in Dymond and Yang Xi Na, where the drivers of the
stationary vehicles had deliberately parked their vehicles on the road for
hours. Having examined these facts, I find that they do not support a finding
that the defendant had at the time of the accident created “an obstruction of
the highway which in law should be held to be a nuisance”. Even assuming I am
wrong in the above conclusion and the defendant’s stalled car did constitute
an obstruction and therefore a public nuisance, I would nevertheless find that
the car did not present at the time of the accident “a danger to those using
the highway in the manner in which they could reasonably have been expected to
use it”.

Nuisance: Causation

45 It must also be noted that in Dymond, having found that the parked lorry
constituted a nuisance, Sachs LJ held (at 502) that “the mere fact that a
lorry was a nuisance does not render its driver or owner liable to the
plaintiff in damages unless its being in that position was a cause of the
accident” [emphasis added]. Sachs LJ pointed out that the trial judge had
found that the sole cause of the accident was the motorcyclist’s negligence in
“watching the attractive young ladies on the pavement instead of looking ahead
to see what conditions he was about to encounter” (at 503). Sachs LJ held (at
503) that this finding:

… entail[ed] a parallel conclusion that the nuisance was not a cause of the
plaintiff’s injuries: that indeed, in the vast majority of cases, is an
inevitable conclusion once negligence on the part of the driver of a
stationary vehicle is negatived, for only rarely will that which was found not
to be a foreseeable cause of an accident also be found to have been in law the
actual cause of it.

46 On this issue of causation, Edmund Davies LJ agreed with Sachs LJ. He noted
that the plaintiff had argued that “once it be found that this lorry so
obstructed the highway as to amount to a nuisance, this created a situation of
strict liability, with the result that the matter of causation is immaterial
and the plaintiff must necessarily succeed” (at 507). Rejecting this argument,
Edmund Davies LJ held (at 507) that:

To accede to [this argument] would have led to the creation of a new sort of
tort, a legal freak … Granted that a highway be obstructed, it is still for
the party suing to show that the existence of the obstruction played some part
in bringing about the collision. For this purpose it is not enough to say
baldly, as Mr Harvey [the plaintiff’s counsel] has done: ‘There would have
been no collision in the Wolseley Road that night had there been no parked
lorry to collide with’. To submit that is to adduce in the most blatant form
causa sine qua non as an all-sufficient basis for a finding of liability.

47 In the present case, in respect of the issue of causation, the plaintiff
adopted a similar position to that of the appellant’s in Dymond, with much of
his case theory being centered on the argument that there would have been no
collision in the first lane that day had there been no stalled vehicle to
collide with. As Edmund Davies LJ pointed out in Dymond, this is mistaking the
causa sine qua non for the causa causans. As for the causa causans of the
present accident, I have earlier set out (at [26] to [28] above) my finding
that the collision was wholly attributable to the plaintiff’s wholly
unreasonable conduct in overtaking DW2’s vehicle from the right when he could
not see the traffic ahead, and when he was riding at a speed which did not
allow him to brake in time to avoid a stationary object like the stalled car.
Even if the stalled car could be said to constitute a nuisance, its being in
that position was not a cause of the collision.

Nuisance: Summary

48 In light of the reasons set out above at [38] to [47], the plaintiff’s
claim in public nuisance also fails.

Conclusion

49 As I find that the evidence in this case does not support either the
plaintiff’s claim in negligence or his claim in public nuisance, his action in
HC/S 589/2020 is dismissed. Costs should follow the event; and the plaintiff
having failed in his action against the defendant, costs of the proceedings
are awarded to the defendant, to be paid by the plaintiff. The quantum of
these costs is to be agreed between the parties; or if they cannot agree
within 14 working days from today, either side may write in to seek an
appointment before me for costs to be fixed.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;

Devendarajah Vivekananda, Sunita Carmel Netto and Lee Yen Yin (ComLaw LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Feb 2022 (15:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

