Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 231

HC/S 915/2021 (Summons No 1507 of 2022 and Registrar’s Appeal No 169 of 2022)

Between

(1)| Daniel Kroll  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Cyberdyne Tech Exchange Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Wong Yoke Qieu, Gabriel  
(3)| Bai Bo  
(4)| Lily Hong Yingli  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Striking Out]

[Companies — Oppression — Minority Shareholders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kroll, Daniel

  
v

  

Cyberdyne Tech Exchange Pte Ltd and others

[2022] SGHC 231

General Division of the High Court — Summons No 1507 of 2022 and Registrar’s
Appeal No 169 of 2022  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
5 July 2022

21 September 2022

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 In minority oppression claims, a common remedy granted by the courts is an
order for the majority shareholder to buy out the minority shareholder.
However, if the majority shareholder has made such a buyout offer to the
minority shareholder and the latter does not accept the offer, is it then open
to the majority shareholder to strike out the minority shareholder’s claim of
minority oppression and relief thereunder? In HC/SUM 1507/2022 (“Summons
1507”), this was what the second to fourth defendants sought to do in applying
under Order 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court 2014 (“ROC 2014”) for the
plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (“SOC”) in HC/S 915/2021 (“Suit 915”) to be
struck out.

2 Suit 915 is a claim of minority oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) brought by the plaintiff Mr Daniel Kroll (“Mr
Kroll”). In Suit 915, Mr Kroll asserts that the second, third and fourth
defendants have conducted the affairs of the company (“CTX”, the first
defendant) “as they pleased and in a manner that prioritised their own
interests in relation to CTX, and that was oppressive and prejudicial to [the
plaintiff]” 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment no. 1) at paras 53 – 67.

; and also that these three defendants acted so as to cause his (Mr Kroll’s)
shareholding in the company to be wrongfully and severely diluted 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC (Amendment no. 1) at paras 68 – 95.

.

3 In the first prayer in Summons 1507, the second to fourth defendants ask
that the SOC be struck out in its entirety. The crux of their argument is that
the plaintiff has rejected a reasonable buyout offer made by the second and
fourth defendants, and this offer essentially delivers “everything that the
plaintiff is seeking in the suit” 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript 5 July 2022, p 6 at lines 13 – 18.

such that the continuance of the suit constitutes an abuse of process. In
their second and third prayers, the second to fourth defendants ask (in the
alternative) that specific paragraphs in the SOC be struck out, either on the
ground that they are frivolous or vexatious, or that they would prejudice,
embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action.

4 I heard parties on 5 July 2022. After the hearing, parties wrote in on 8
July (the plaintiff), 15 July (the second to fourth defendants) and 18 July
(the first defendant), to make what essentially amounted to further
submissions. Having considered the oral and written submissions of parties, I
decline to allow the application for striking out. While the buyout offer is
reasonable, there is no abuse of process as the offer has not covered all the
disputed issues and / or all reliefs sought in Suit 915; and it was reasonable
for Mr Kroll to have proceeded with the action in the circumstances.

5 In respect of paragraphs 57 to 59 of the SOC (Amendment No. 1), I am of the
view that the pleadings therein are somewhat clumsily drafted, but that the
defects are not such as to warrant my striking them out at this interlocutory
stage.

6 In respect of paragraphs 55 and 56 of the SOC (Amendment No. 1), I find the
pleadings therein to be legally unsustainable, and the defects are such that I
do not think they can be improved with amendment. I am of the view that these
two paragraphs should be struck out

7 In the paragraphs that follow, I set out the detailed grounds for my
decision.

8 At the hearing, parties also made submissions in relation to HC/RA 169/2022,
which was an appeal by the second to fourth defendants against the decision of
the Senior Assistant Registrar (“SAR”) in relation to security for costs;
specifically, in relation to the quantum of security ordered per each of the
second to fourth defendants. Having declined to strike out the Statement of
Claim, in the last part of my judgment, I deal with the appeal against the
SAR’s order on security for costs.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

9 The plaintiff Mr Kroll has been a shareholder of the first defendant (“CTX”)
since 31 March 2019. He was appointed as a director of CTX on or around 3 June
2020 and resigned on 22 February 2021. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 7.

10 The first defendant CTX is a private limited company incorporated in
Singapore on 30 July 2018. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 8.

Mr Kroll claims that CTX is principally in the business of providing corporate
finance advisory services and/or is a holding company. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 8.

The second to fourth defendants claim that following the Extraordinary General
Meeting (“EGM”) held on 30 April 2021, CTX pivoted towards a fresh business
concept spearheaded by the third defendant Dr Bai Bo (“Dr Bai”) to operate a
green carbon exchange. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wong’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 15; Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No.
2) at para 11; Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 6.

11 The second defendant Mr Wong Yoke Qieu, Gabriel (“Mr Wong”) is reflected in
CTX’s ACRA records as having been a director from 30 July 2018 to 8 May 2020.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 9; Wong’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 16.

Mr Kroll claims that from 8 May 2020 onwards, Mr Wong was a shadow director of
CTX, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 9.

which Mr Wong denies. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Wong’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at paras 16 and 24.

12 The third defendant Dr Bai has been the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of
CTX since around 5 May 2021. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 10; Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para
14.

He is reflected in CTX’s ACRA records as having been a shareholder since 29
April 2021 and a director since 4 May 2021. Mr Wong claims that Dr Bai became
involved with CTX in or around the second half of 2020 and was at all times
aware of CTX’s affairs. Dr Bai avers that he first became involved in CTX from
the fourth quarter of 2020. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 15.

13 The fourth defendant Ms Lily Hong Yingli (“Ms Hong”) was, along with Mr
Wong, a co-founder of CTX. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 13; Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 13.

Mr Kroll claims that Ms Hong was at all material times a shadow director of
CTX. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 14.

Ms Hong denies this 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 13.1.

and avers that she was merely CTX’s technology consultant and assisted in
fundraising efforts. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 13.1–13.3, 14–18.

Background to the dispute

Set-up of CTX

14 Mr Wong incorporated CTX on 30 July 2018. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CTX’s Defence at para 3.

By March 2019, Mr Wong had secured (with Ms Hong’s help) 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CTX’s Defence at para 5.

investor funding in the form of: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

CTX’s Defence at para 5.

(a) An equity investment of SGD10 million from Xiamen Anne Corporation Limited
(“Xiamen Anne”), a company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China, for
a 10% shareholding in CTX; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CTX’s Defence at para 5.

and

(b) An investment of approximately SGD810,000 (or EUR533,000) from Mr Kroll
for 81,000 shares (or a 1.40% shareholding) in CTX pursuant to a Subscription
Agreement dated 31 March 2019 (“Subscription Agreement”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CTX’s Defence at para 5; SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 21; Kroll’s affidavit
at para 9.

First unsuccessful MAS license application in May 2019

15 CTX required two licenses from MAS: a Capital Markets Services (“CMS”)
license and a Recognised Market Operator (“RMO”) license (“the MAS licenses”).
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CTX’s Defence at para 6.

The first license application, made on 31 May 2019, was unsuccessful. MAS did
not approve of Mr Wong holding the position of director or CEO of CTX, nor of
his holding more than 5% of CTX’s shares. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

CTX’s Defence at paras 7–8.

According to Mr Kroll, MAS was concerned about Wong’s association with the
Chinese Communist Party, and did not wish for Wong to be the CEO of CTX, or a
director of CTX, or to hold a controlling shareholding stake in CTX, or to
hold more than 5% of CTX’s shares. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 30.

According to Mr Wong, this was because Mr Wong’s previous employment had been
subject to a disputed termination. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 51.

16 Subsequently, several changes were made within CTX, which CTX avers were to
facilitate its second application to MAS. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CTX’s Defence at para 10.

On 8 May 2020, Mr Wong resigned as director and transferred 4,605,953 of his
CTX shares to Mr Kroll. Mr Wong’s position is that Mr Kroll agreed orally to
hold these shares on trust for Mr Wong while Mr Wong sourced for a buyer to
purchase these shares. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 53.

17 Both Mr Kroll and Mr Wong entered into a Share Trust Agreement dated 12 May
2020, under which the former held 4,605,938 of the latter’s 4,887,566 shares
in CTX on trust for him (“the Trust Shares”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 25–26; Kroll’s affidavit at para 11 and DK-1,
Tabs 3 and 4.; Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at paras
54–55.

Following the share transfer, Mr Hong and Mr Kroll’s respective legal
shareholdings were reflected in ACRA’s records as follows:

| Number of CTX shares| Percentage of shares in CTX  
---|---|---  
Mr Hong| 281,613| 4.85%  
Mr Kroll| 4,686,953| 80.72%  
  
18 On Mr Hong’s request, Mr Chong (who had been COO and director of CTX since
May 2019) was appointed as CEO in place of Mr Hong on 23 May 2020. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 56.

Mr Kroll 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Kroll’s affidavit at para 13; SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 37(a).

and Ms Chan Mei Ling (“Ms Chan”) were subsequently appointed as directors. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

CTX’s Defence at para 10.

19 On or around 28 May 2020, CTX’s ACRA records were amended to reflect that
Mr Kroll’s shareholding had been reduced by 26%, while Mr Chong and Ms Chan
now each held 17% and 9% of CTX’s shares respectively. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 59.

According to Mr Kroll, he understood from Mr Wong that some of the Trust
Shares had been transferred to Mr Chong and Ms Chan in order to allow CTX to
qualify for a government grant that required 30% of CTX’s shares to be held by
Singaporeans. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 28; Kroll’s affidavit at para 12 and DK-1, Tab
5.

Mr Wong has a different narrative: according to him, the shares were
transferred to Mr Chong and Ms Chan in part as “sweat equity”, in return for
their contributions and to incentivise them as senior employees, with the
remaining to be purchased by Mr Chong and Ms Chan at prices to be agreed. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 56-–58, 61.

Second MAS license application in 2020

20 On 5 June 2020, CTX made its second licence application to MAS. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

CTX’s Defence at para 11.

On 14 December 2020, MAS informed CTX that it would be prepared to grant
approval (“in-principle approval”) for the license application subject to the
fulfilment of certain requirements within 3 months by 13 March 2021 (“IPA
deadline”), including (inter alia) requirements that:

(a) CTX give an undertaking to maintain a sound financial position and high
level of professional expertise at all times; and

(b) CTX meet the financial requirements applicable to CMS licence-holders
under the relevant subsidiary legislation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

CTX’s Defence at para 12.

21 The IPA deadline was later extended to 30 April 2021 on CTX’s request. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 101.

Events of December 2020 to March 2021

(1) Involvement of Dr Bai

22 As for the involvement of Dr Bai in CTX, according to Dr Bai, his friend Ms
Hong, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 15.1.

had told him in early 2020 that she was offering her technical expertise to
CTX. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 15.2.

In November 2020, Ms Hong told Dr Bai that CTX was in financial need and
seeking investment. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 15.4.

He was informally agreeable to investing and participating in CTX, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 15.6.

and negotiated with Mr Wong to purchase 290,322 of the CTX shares registered
to Dr Kroll for SGD1.25 million. Dr Bai states that he signed a share purchase
agreement dated 29 November 2020, which was not completed as Mr Kroll was not
agreeable to the share transfer. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at paras 31–32.

23 In December 2020, Dr Bai was informed that MAS had granted CTX an in-
principle approval for its license applications, and that CTX was facing cash
flow issues and required investors and funding to meet the required conditions
by the IPA deadline. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at paras 33–34.

Dr Bai extended to CTX an interest-free loan of USD140,000, repayable by 31
March 2021 (later extended to 30 June 2021) 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at paras 35.1–35.2.

, under a convertible loan agreement dated 29 December 2020 (“1st CLA”).

(2) Resignation of Mr Chong and appointment of new director

24 On or around 30 December 2020, Mr Chong resigned as CEO of CTX. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 63; Statement of
Claim at para 34.

Mr Wong and Ms Hong initially decided to present Mr Kroll as the replacement
CEO 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 37(d); Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at
para 37; Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 64.

but eventually proposed Dr Bai instead. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 37(d); Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at
paras 38–39, 43; Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para
66.

According to Dr Bai, he was agreeable to being the proposed CEO candidate on
the condition that he would have full control over CTX’s business and
corporate governance. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 42.

25 Dr Bai’s account of how he came to be involved in CTX is disputed by Mr
Kroll 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Kroll’s Reply to 3rd Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at paras 27–28.

.

(3) 2021 Shareholding Adjustments

26 According to Mr Kroll, on 18 January 2021, he learnt from Ms Hong that Dr
Bai, Asia Green Fund (of which Dr Bai was CEO) 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 41.

and Ms Chan had purchased CTX shares at much lower valuations than he had
under the Subscription Agreement. Mr Wong and Ms Hong subsequently agreed that
Mr Kroll’s shareholding percentage would be adjusted upwards. On 10 February
2021, Mr Wong also agreed to give Mr Kroll additional shares in return for Mr
Kroll’s past contributions to and involvement in CTX. In total, Mr Kroll’s
total shareholding was to be adjusted to 7.67%. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 38–39.

On 11 February 2021, Mr Kroll and Mr Wong entered into a Share Trust
Termination Agreement and a Deed for Transfer of Additional Shares to put the
above arrangements into place. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 41.

27 Again, Mr Wong has a different narrative. According to Mr Wong, he
succumbed to pressure “tactics” applied by Mr Kroll, shortly before the 12 May
2020 Share Trust Agreement was due to expire, and in circumstances where much
time and effort had already been expended to obtain MAS’ in-principle approval
and to meet the conditions by the (then) 31 March 2021 IPA deadline: Mr Wong
avers that it was only due to the pressure placed on him by Mr Kroll that he
gave in to the latter’s demands to be given shares and an uplift in his
shareholding for no payment. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 67–93.

(4) Debts incurred by CTX

28 As stated above at [23], Dr Bai extended a loan of USD140,000 to CTX under
the 1st CLA. In 2021, Dr Bai extended two more loans to CTX:

(a) Under the 2nd CLA dated 28 January 2021, an interest-free loan of
USD200,000 repayable by 30 April 2021;

(b) Under the 3rd CLA dated 28 February 2021, an interest-free loan of
USD75,000 repayable by 31 May 2021. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 46.

29 On 23 March 2021, two companies managed/controlled by Dr Bai (“the AGF
entities”) entered into an Investment Agreement with CTX to invest up to USD15
million in CTX (“the AGF IA”). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 52.

Asia Green Fund remitted the sums of USD1 million on 26 March 2021, and
USD300,000 on 31 March 2021 to CTX as part of the investment sum under the AGF
IA. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 59.

30 On 16 April 2021, Asia Green Fund extended an interest-free loan of USD1.2
million to CTX (“the 16 April Loan Agreement”). The maturity date of the loan
was 15 May 2021, and the loan of USD1.2 million was to form part of the USD15
million investment sum under the AGF IA. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 60.

31 Mr Kroll’s position is that all of the above loans were part of an illicit
scheme between the second to fourth defendants, whereby Dr Bai would take over
the appearance of control of CTX from Mr Wong and Ms Hong, along with the
risks posed by their improper conduct, in return for as close to 100%
shareholding in CTX as possible. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Kroll’s Reply to 3rd Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 29.

(5) Repurchase of Xiamen Anne’s shares

32 It will be recalled that one of the CTX’s shareholders was a company named
Xiamen Anne. According to Mr Kroll, he was informed by Mr Wong and Ms Hong of
the following matters by way of various WeChat conversations between 8 April
and 20 April 2021: that CTX was “insolvent” and faced “cashflow difficulties”;
that there was a “legacy problem” with Xiamen Anne which necessitated CT
“clear[ing] the deck of shareholders in CTX by getting rid of all
shareholdings including Mr Kroll’s, failing which CTX would be shut down”;
that Xiamen Anne was “facing problems with China’s security regulators”; that
CTX’s potential investors had doubts about investing in CTX because of Xiamen
Anne’s regulatory issues; and that CTX “had no choice but to ‘buy back’ all of
Xiamen Anne’s shares” for its initial investment amount of SGD10 million 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 63(a) - 63(d).

. Further, CTX had to resubmit its MAS application by the IPA deadline of 30
April 2021. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 63(f); Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim
(Amendment No. 2) at paras 189, 191, and 192.

Mr Kroll was told by Mr Wong and Ms Hong that they had found an investor – Dr
Bai Bo – who would inject cash into CTX.

33 CTX agreed to repurchase Xiamen Anne’s 10% shareholding in CTX (580,645
shares) in 2 instalments payable on 31 March 2021 and 31 May 2021. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 58.

34 According to Mr Kroll, on 15 April 2021, he was given two options by Ms
Hong. The first was for CTX to buy back 3.24% of his 7.6% shareholding for
EUR500,000 (which was less than his initial investment of EUR533,000), while
the remaining 4.43% would be transferred to an “equity pool” (of which Mr
Kroll was given no details). The second option was for Ms Hong personally to
buy back Mr Kroll’s entire 7.67% shareholding for SGD1.6 million. Mr Kroll was
told that he had to relinquish his shareholding before Dr Bai would agree to
inject funds into CTX. However, as he did not wish to exit CTX, he did not
agree to either option.

30 April 2021 EGM

35 By way of an email dated 29 April 2021, a notice of an EGM of CTX to be
held on 30 April 2021 (“30 April 2021 EGM”) and a form of consent for shorter
notice was circulated by Ms Chan to Mr Kroll, Mr Wong, Dr Bai, Mr Yang and Ms
Hong as proxy for Xiamen Anne. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 73.

Mr Kroll claims that he did not consent to the shorter notice – but he did
attend the meeting on 30 April 2021. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 70–71.

36 At the 30 April 2021 EGM, the resolutions passed included, inter alia, the
following:

(a) To issue and allot to Dr Bai 55,693,957 ordinary shares in CTX, the
consideration for which was fully settled by offsetting the 1st, 2nd and 3rd
CLAs;

(b) To appoint Dr Bai the CEO, Executive Director, and Chairman of the Board
of CTX; and

(c) To “irrevocably and unconditionally” waive each of CTX’s shareholders
“pre-emptive rights”, “rights of first refusal, right of co-sale, put or call
rights, rights to require adjustments in conversion price for dilutive
issuance, other rights of consent, and any other similar rights (as
applicable) whether arising at contract or in law, and any notice period or
requirement”; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 79.

and that

(d) Dr Bai would provide personal guarantees as to CTX’s other debt repayment
obligations and indemnify the directors and existing shareholders of CTX
against any liabilities out of the existing debts. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 87, Kroll’s Reply to 3rd
Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 87.

37 As a result of the above event, Mr Kroll’s shareholding was reduced from
7.67% to 0.72%. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 81.

Events after the 30 April 2021 EGM

38 According to Mr Wong, CTX entered into an amended Restated Investment
Agreement (“ARIA”) on 9 May 2021 with the AGF entities to amend the AGF IA.
Under the ARIA, the AGF entities confirmed investment of a full USD15 million
in CTX. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 145.

As with previous loan and/or investment agreements between CTX and Dr Bai or
his entities (see above at [31]), Mr Kroll takes the position that the ARIA is
part of an illicit scheme between the second to fourth defendants, whereby Dr
Bai would take over the appearance of control of CTX from Mr Wong and Ms Hong,
along with the risks posed by their improper conduct, in return for as close
to 100% shareholding in CTX as possible. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Kroll’s Reply to 2nd Defendant’s Defence and Defence to 2nd Defendant’s
Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 87.

39 On or about 12 May 2021, an additional 5,125,934 shares were issued by CTX,
causing Mr Kroll’s shareholding to be further reduced from 0.72% to 0.67%. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 87; Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment
No. 2) at para 215.

Additional new shareholders connected to Dr Bai – the AGF entities – were
reflected in CTX’s ACRA records as holding a total of 7.69% of CTX’s shares.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 88; Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment
No. 2) at para 215.

40 On 17 May 2021, CTX obtained the CMS licence. On 16 July 2021, CTX was
recognised as an RMO by MAS. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 146.

41 Mr Kroll alleged that he had a tele-conversation with Mr Wong on 21 May
2021, during which the latter informed him that on or around 19 May 2021, Dr
Bai and/or Asia Green Fund had invested a further USD12.5 million in CTX,
based on a valuation of CTX at USD180 million (“the USD180 million
valuation”). According to Mr Kroll, this was a far cry from the valuation of
approximately USD458,266 reflected in the issuance of the 55,693,957 shares to
Dr Bai at the 30 April EGM. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 92–93.

It should be noted that this valuation figure of USD458,266 came about because
on Mr Kroll’s version of events, at the 30 April EGM, the 55,693,957 shares
were allotted to Dr Bai “in exchange for the loans to CTX under the 1st, 2nd
and 3rd CLAs, which totalled only USD415,000” 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 80(b).

.

42 Mr Wong denies Mr Kroll’s version of the tele-conversation. According to Mr
Wong, during the tele-conversation, he had explained inter alia that Dr Bai
had injected USD12.5 million into CTX under the ARIA which had contained a
valuation benchmark re-stated at USD180 million (adjusted for the
corresponding reduction of shares caused by the Xiamen Anne share buyback,
which had been agreed to after the AGF IA was entered into). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 218.

Mr Wong’s position is that the valuation of USD458,266 referred to by Mr Kroll
was “nonsensical and misconceived” because the 55,693,957 shares were actually
allotted to Dr Bai in exchange for the entirety of his financial assistance –
which included the introduction of a new business opportunity, viz the Green
Carbon Exchange – and not just for forgiving debts of USD415,000. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 140, 142 and
218.4.

Summary of Pleadings

Mr Kroll’s Statement of Claim

43 Mr Kroll claims that he has been oppressed by Mr Wong, Dr Bai and Ms Hong
conducting CTX’s affairs in an oppressive, unfair, discriminatory and
prejudicial manner in disregard of his minority shareholder interests. In
particular, Mr Kroll claims that his shareholding in CTX was wrongfully and
severely diluted from 7.67% as of 29 April 2021 to 0.67% 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 1.

by way of:

(a) The resolutions passed at the 30 April 2021 EGM convened on only a day’s
notice which diluted his shareholding to 0.72%; and

(b) The 12 May 2021 issuance of additional CTX shares which diluted his
shareholding to 0.67%. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 2–3.

44 Mr Kroll claims that apart from CTX’s Constitution, the other key written
agreements and documents relating to his rights and obligations as a
shareholder of CTX include the Subscription Agreement, Share Trust Agreement,
Share Trust Termination Agreement and Deed for Transfer of Additional Shares.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 47.

He alleges that as a minority shareholder, he had the following legitimate
expectations:

(a) His shareholding would not be diluted in a prejudicial or unfair manner,
and that the affairs of CTX would be conducted by Relevant Directors and
Majority Shareholders in accordance with the CA, CTX’s Constitution, the key
written agreements and documents relating to Mr Kroll’s rights and obligations
as a shareholder of CTX, and the law

(b) The Relevant Directors and Majority Shareholders would deal with him
fairly as a minority shareholder.

(c) CTX and/or its directors were prohibited from “exercis[ing] any power of
[CTX] to issue shares” “without the prior approval of” CTX in a “general
meeting” (per s 161 CA);

(d) A meeting of CTX, “other than a meeting for the passing of a special
resolution, shall be called by notice in writing of not less than 14 days or
such longer period as is provided in [CTX’s] constitution” (per s 177(2) CA);
and

(e) A meeting of CTX that is not its annual general meeting, which is called
by notice in writing of less than 14 days, is “deemed to be duly called if it
is so agreed … by a majority in number of the members having a right to attend
and vote thereat, being a majority which together holds not less than 95% of
the total voting rights of all the members having a right to vote at that
meeting” (per s 177(3)(b) CA).

(f) Under CTX’s Constitution: Pursuant to Article 45(1), “subject to any
direction to the contrary that may be given by [CTX] in [a] general meeting,
all new shares must, before issue, be offered to all persons who, as at the
date of the offer, are entitled to receive notices from the company of general
meetings, in proportion, or as nearly as the circumstances admit, to the
amount of the existing shares to which they are entitled”; and

(g) Under CTX’s Constitution: Pursuant to Article 49(1), “at least 14 days’
notice … must be given to persons entitled to receive notices of general
meetings from [CTX]”.

(h) Under the Subscription Agreement: Pursuant to Clause 3.8, in the event CTX
decides “to allocate and issue people or entities (either consultants,
advisors, employees etc.) option or shares of [CTX] against their
services/work or others and not against investment consideration, within the
period of 5 years following the Completion date of the [Subscription]
Agreement” (i.e., 5 years after 31 March 2019, or until 30 March 2024), such
allocation and issuance of options or shares “will not dilute in any way” Mr
Kroll’s holdings in CTX (see paragraph 23 herein); and

(i) Under the Subscription Agreement: Pursuant to Clause 10.1 of Schedule 3,
CTX had warranted to “[conduct] its business in all material respects in
accordance with all applicable laws”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 48–51.

45 Mr Kroll has pleaded that Mr Wong, Ms Hong and Dr Bai breached these
legitimate expectations, understandings and provisions as follows: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 52.

(a) Sometime in May 2020, Mr Wong had forged Mr Kroll’s signature on MAS Form
11 (Appointment of CEO or Director), which form was submitted by CTX to MAS in
the course of its second licence application (“the MAS Form 11 Forgery
Pleadings”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) para 55.

(b) Mr Wong and/or Ms Hong caused CTX to enter into questionable contracts
involving large sums of money which benefitted two companies linked to Ms Hong
and another shareholder, Mr Yang (“Mr Yang”), namely Zeepson Technology Co.,
Ltd (“Zeepson”) and Saibotan Beijing Co., Ltd (“Saibotan”) (“the Zeepson and
Saibotan pleadings”).

(c) Mr Wong and/or Ms Hong failed to cause CTX to promptly and accurately
update ACRA and/or the MAS of the true and accurate shareholdings and
directorships within CTX;

(d) Mr Wong, Ms Hong and Dr Bai contrived an illicit scheme to manipulate
CTX’s internal affairs so that CTX could maintain the appearance that Mr Wong
held no more than 5% of CTX shares, thus avoiding the possibility that MAS
would reject CTX’s second licence application. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 61.

(e) Mr Wong and Ms Hong pressured Mr Kroll to exit CTX at a low price. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 63

Mr Wong, Ms Hong and Dr Bai did not give him any option that assured him that
his shareholding in CTX would not be reduced or diluted, and there were no
discussions about whether Mr Kroll could remain a 7.67% shareholder of CTX. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 67.

Mr Kroll also believes that the issuance of 55,693,957 shares to Dr Bai at the
30 April EGM was not based on the applicable contractual valuation and was
designed to further this illicit scheme. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 93.

(f) The 30 April EGM and the resolutions purportedly passed at the meeting
were invalid. It did not meet the requirement of at least 14 days’ notice
under Art 49(1) of CTX’s Constitutions and s 177(2) CA. Also, as Mr Kroll had
not given his consent to short notice, CTX failed to obtain the requisite
consent to short notice from not less than 95% of the total voting rights of
all shareholders having a right to vote at the EGM, under s 177(3)(b) CA. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 85–86.

(g) The 12 May 2021 issuance of shares was also invalid as it was in breach of
s 161 CA. CTX failed to call a general meeting and pass the required
resolutions to authorise the issuance of shares. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 89–90.

46 Mr Kroll seeks the following reliefs:

(a) A declaration that the 30 April EGM and all resolutions passed thereat are
invalid;

(b) An order that Mr Kroll’s shareholding in CTX be restored to the percentage
of shares that Mr Kroll held as at 29 April 2021 (7.67%), and that upon
restoration, any of the Defendants shall purchase all of Mr Kroll’s shares in
CTX at a price to be determined by the Court, which price shall reflect (i)
the value of Mr Kroll’s shares as at the date of such order and also (ii) the
value that Mr Kroll’s shares would have had but for the Defendants’ oppressive
breaches, conducts, acts and/or omissions (having particular regard to the
USD180 million valuation cited at paragraph 92 herein);

(c) As an alternative to the two prayers above, an order that CTX be wound up
by the Court pursuant to section 216(2)(f) CA;

(d) Damages to be assessed and/or equitable compensation be paid to Mr Kroll;

(e) Costs; and

(f) Such further or other relief as this Honourable Court deems fit.

CTX’s Defence

47 In its defence, the company CTX avers that the contracts with Zeepson and
Saibotan are genuine contracts. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

CTX’s Defence at para 69.

As Mr Kroll was only a shareholder and not a director of CTX at the time when
the Zeepson and Saibotan contracts were concluded, Mr Kroll was not entitled
to be informed of CTX’s affairs and day-to-day operations. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

CTX’s Defence at para 71.

While CTX acknowledges that ACRA was not immediately updated about certain
changes to CTX’s directorships, shareholders and their shareholdings, it
denies that this was done to falsely reflect CTX’s directorships, shareholders
and shareholdings. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

CTX’s Defence at para 72.

There was no illicit scheme to manipulate its internal affairs. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 73.

CTX avers that the 30 April 2021 EGM and the resolutions passed thereat are
valid. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

CTX’s Defence at para 84.

CTX also avers that s 161 CA imposes an obligation on company directors, and
not the company itself, to obtain the prior approval of the company in general
meeting before issuing new shares. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

CTX’s Defence at para 86.

Mr Wong’s Defence and Counter-claim

48 Mr Wong claims that the 30 April 2021 EGM was called on urgent notice
because of matters that shareholders had to resolve by the 30 April 2021 IPA
deadline; that Mr Kroll was aware of the nature of the discussions; and that
he had agreed to participate in them. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Mr Wong’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 5.

The dilution of shares was uniform across all existing shareholdings and was
in the best interest of all shareholders, as CTX was insolvent or doubtfully
solvent at that stage and needed the financial rescue package that Dr Bai
could bring. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Mr Wong’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 6–7.

49 Mr Wong also claims that Mr Kroll’s complaints were made as part of an
opportunistic move to enrich himself personally. According to Mr Wong, this
included pressuring Mr Wong to transfer additional shares to him without
consideration. Mr Kroll had procured these shares by inter alia refusing to
transfer back all of Mr Wong’s shares which he had hitherto held in trust, and
also by threatening to report to MAS various alleged misrepresentations which
would have compromised CTX’s ability to obtain the MAS licenses. While Mr
Kroll had tried to rationalise the transfer of the additional shares as a
revaluation of his initial investment sum, this went far beyond any such
revaluation, as he also wanted more free shares to match the “sweat equity”
allocated to a senior employee in February 2021 – and this despite promptly
resigning as director at end-February 2021 without having provided any “sweat”
for the additional free shares. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Mr Wong’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 9–10.

The additional shares transferred to Mr Kroll raised his legal and beneficial
pre-EGM shareholding in CTX from 1.40% to 7.67%.

50 In his pleadings, Mr Wong also counterclaims for the vitiation of the
unsealed Deed for the transfer of additional shares dated 11 February 2021 and
the full return of the additional 364,369 shares (then 6.27% of CTX), on the
basis of economic duress. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Mr Wong’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 12 and 225–232.

In the alternative, Mr Wong seeks specific performance by way of the transfer
back to him of 257,240 such shares (then 4.43% of CTX) from Mr Kroll.
According to Mr Wong, these additional shares were transferred to Mr Kroll on
the basis that they constituted “sweat equity”, and were subject to the
condition subsequent that Mr Kroll would actively participate in and
contribute towards the development of CTX’s service offerings and the sourcing
of additional funding and capital. Since Mr Kroll failed to do any of these
things after receiving the shares, he became disentitled to these shares. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Mr Wong’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 12 and 233–238.

As a further alternative, even if there were an agreement between Mr Wong and
Mr Kroll for the latter to receive the 257,240 “sweat equity” shares, Mr Wong
says there was no consideration provided by Mr Kroll for any such alleged
agreement. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Mr Wong’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 236A and 238.

Dr Bai’s Defence

51 Dr Bai’s position is that he has been wrongfully dragged into this dispute
by Mr Kroll as part of the latter’s attempts to procure a buy-out of his CTX
shareholding at a price beyond its reasonable value. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 4.

It is not disputed that Dr Bai did not vote at the 30 April 2021 EGM.
Accordingly, Dr Bai asserts that it is an abuse of process by Mr Kroll to
claim that Dr Bai bears any liability arising from resolutions passed at the
EGM. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 5.

Dr Bai also denies any illicit scheme to manipulate CTX’s internal affairs.
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 122.

52 As for the shareholding dilution approved at the 30 April 2021 EGM by a
majority of shareholders, this affected all shareholders uniformly. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 6.

At the same time, Dr Bai and his companies took on 100% of CTX’s business risk
and up to around SGD15 million of financial liabilities. This arrangement was
the only option that would have allowed CTX to meet MAS’ requirements and to
address its financial situation. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 7.

As for the short notice given in respect of the 30 April 2021 EGM, Dr Bai
claims that the short notice was necessary due to the urgency arising from the
IPA deadline, and that the omission to give 14 days’ notice of the EGM was a
mere procedural irregularity capable of re-validation by the court under s
392(4)(a) Companies Act. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 142.

No direct valuation was fixed for the shares issued to Dr Bai at was fixed at
the 30 April 2021 EGM, nor can such a valuation be derived from the outcome of
the EGM. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 147.

53 In respect of the 12 May 2021 issuance of shares, Dr Bai alleges that this
was done pursuant to the ARIA. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 8.

It was initially agreed and contemplated under the AGF IA in March 2021, pre-
dating the 30 April 2021 EGM. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 143–144.

54 In respect of the MAS Form 11 Forgery Pleadings, Dr Bai says he has no
knowledge of matters pertaining to the allegedly forged signature. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 112.

55 In respect of the Zeepson and Saibotan Pleadings, Dr Bai asserts that Mr
Kroll’s allegations are based on incomplete information. Seven contractual
arrangements were entered into with Zeepson between April 2019 to January 2020
with a total contract value of RMB14,056,860, while the two contracts entered
into with Saibotan between May to September 2019 had a total contract value of
RMB 7,000,000. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 114–116.

To Dr Bai’s understanding, the contracts were to develop platform and security
services from which CTX’s exchanges would operate and which would form the
backbone of its commercial operations. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 116.3 and 119.

Dr Bai further points out that the contracts were entered into between April
2019 to January 2020, when Mr Kroll was only a shareholder: it is unclear,
therefore, on what basis Mr Kroll derives an expectation to be informed of
transactions relating to CTX’s operations. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Bai Bo’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 119.

Ms Hong’s Defence

56 Ms Hong claims that she has never participated in any registration of CTX
shareholdings on ACRA and that she does not know how accurate ACRA records of
legal shareholding may give rise to a “false impression”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 41–21.

57 According to Ms Hong, Mr Kroll was upset about a late 2020 sale of CTX
shares by Mr Wong at a valuation of SGD25 million valuation, because he (Mr
Kroll) had purchased his shares at a higher valuation in March 2019. It was
proposed to Mr Kroll on 18 January 2021 that his initial investment be
revalued so as to give him a 3.24% stake instead of 1.4%. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 55.

Mr Kroll was still not satisfied. On 24 January 2021, Mr Wong proposed raising
Mr Kroll’s shareholding to around 5% and provided paperwork to Mr Kroll to
reflect this. Mr Kroll responded with amendments from his lawyer on 2 February
2021, which Mr Wong agreed to on 3 February 2021. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 57.

58 Later, on 3 February 2021, Mr Kroll suddenly declared that he wanted his
1.4% shareholding sold at the initial investment sum of EUR533,000, and to
retain the same quantity of shares as Mr Yang, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 86.

who had 4.43% shares registered to him as “sweat equity”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 58–59.

Mr Kroll wanted to sell his 1.4% shares to Dr Bai but Dr Bai was not keen. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 60.

59 On 10 February 2021, Mr Wong asked Mr Kroll for the signed paperwork. At
that point, Mr Kroll came up with a new position which involved combining
family shares with his shares to match Mr Yang’s shareholding. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 61.

Ms Hong explained to Mr Kroll that Mr Yang’s shares were from an equity pool
(for shares meant to be held as “sweat equity”) and that Mr Kroll should
consider joining the existing equity pool instead. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 62.

The discussion then ceased on WeChat. Mr Wong subsequently came up with
amendments to the paperwork aimed at restoring the trust shares originally due
to Mr Wong. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 63.

60 In the end, however, Mr Wong gave in to the pressure from Mr Kroll; and the
Deed for the transfer of additional shares as well as the Trust Termination
Agreement were executed. Under the Deed for the transfer of additional shares,
Mr Wong agreed to transfer beneficial ownership of 364,369 shares to Mr Kroll
as a “supplement” intended to achieve the re-valuation of Mr Kroll’s initial
investment. Under the Trust Termination Agreement, because of the additional
shares given to Mr Kroll by virtue of the Deed for Transfer of Additional
Shares, Mr Kroll would only transfer 2,731,907 Trust Shares back to Mr Wong,
instead of all 3,096,276 Trust Shares. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 65–67

61 Ms Hong alleges that the increase in Mr Kroll’s shareholding from 1.4% to
7.67%, pursuant to the terms of the Trust Termination Agreement and the Deed
for transfer of additional shares, was not based on re-valuation, which could
only have furnished an uplift from 1.4% to 3.24%. What happened instead was a
revaluation and an addition of a further 4.43% (matching what Mr Yang was
holding for the equity pool), all coming from Mr Wong’s shares and none of
which Mr Kroll paid for. This was unfair to Mr Wong who had succumbed to Mr
Kroll’s pressure tactics. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 68.

In relation to the 4.43% shareholding given to Mr Kroll, Mr Kroll was intended
to earn the “sweat equity”, but instead, he tendered his resignation shortly
thereafter on 22 February 2021 and did not provide any genuine assistance to
CTX in its efforts to seek investment and/or financing. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 69–70.

62 In respect of CTX’s contracts with Zeepson (of which Ms Hong is the
founder, CEO and majority shareholder), seven contracts were entered into by
CTX and Zeepson for software development work to develop the platform and
security services from which CTX’s exchanges would operate. According to Ms
Hong, Zeepson had offered CTX a preferential rate and had not obtained any
improper benefit. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 86–89.

63 In respect of the 30 April 2021 EGM, Ms Hong asserts that she knows nothing
of the amendments made to CTX’s ACRA records on 29 April 2021. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 111.

Her position is that notwithstanding the share dilution, the resolutions
passed at the EGM were in the best interest of CTX and all existing
shareholders, as these resolutions brought about an arrangement which resolved
all of CTX’s issues. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 129.

Ms Hong also asserts that all of CTX’s affairs (including the passing of
shareholder resolutions at the 30 April 2021 EGM) were conducted in a manner
that satisfied the requirements of commercial fairness. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at para 34.

It was Mr Kroll who persisted in the wholly misconceived allegation post 30
April 2021 that Dr Bai had been allocated a substantial shareholding simply
for forgiving USD415,000 in loans. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Ms Hong’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) at paras 146–147.

64 In respect of the 12 May 2021 issuance of shares, Ms Hong claims that to
the best of her knowledge, this was in line with the resolutions passed at the
30 April 2021 EGM which approved Dr Bai’s rescue package; and that Dr Bai had
in fact injected a further USD12.5 million into CTX not long after the EGM.

HC/SUM 1507/2022: The striking-out application

65 The second to fourth defendants have applied for the SOC to be struck out
entirely (“Prayer 1”); alternatively, for paragraphs 57 to 59 of the pleadings
(which relate to the Zeepson and Saibotan contracts, “Prayer 2”) and
paragraphs 55 to 56 of the pleadings (which relate to the alleged forgery of
MAS Form 11, “Prayer 3”) to be struck out. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Summons HC/SUM 1507/2022 filed 18 April 2022.

66 The grounds of the application are stated to be as follows:

(a) Prayer 1 is premised on the Plaintiff having rejected a "reasonable offer"
for buyout by independent third-party assessment, therefore amounting to an
abuse of process. Prayer 1 is sought pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(d) ROC 2014
and/or pursuant to the Court's inherent jurisdiction/powers (as may be
applicable and/or pursuant to O 92 r 4 ROC 2014).

(b) Prayer 2 is premised on the Plaintiff having pleaded to a matter on which
the express/implied allegation of "overpayment" is factually unsupportable,
and, in any event, the allegation even if true (which is denied) is a
"corporate wrong" and not a "personal wrong". Prayer 2 is sought pursuant to O
18 r 19 (1)(a), (b), (c) and/or (d) ROC 2014 and/or pursuant to the Court's
inherent jurisdiction/powers (as may be applicable and/or pursuant to O 92 r 4
ROC 2014).

(c) Prayer 3 is premised on the Plaintiff having pleaded to a matter on which
the allegation even if true (which is denied) is a "corporate wrong" and not a
"personal wrong". Prayer 2 is sought pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(a), (b), (c)
and/or (d) ROC 2014 and/or pursuant to the Court's inherent
jurisdiction/powers (as may be applicable and/or pursuant to O 92 r 4 ROC
2014)

The law relating to Order 18 r 19 applications

67 It is not disputed that the power granted to the court under O 18 r 19 is a
draconian one (Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and
others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 (“Gabriel Peter”) 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Plaintiff’s List of Authorities (“PLOA”) at Tab 5; Defendants’ List of
Authorities (“DLOA”) at Tab 11.

at [39]; Harun bin Syed Hussain Aljunied and another v Abdul Samad bin O K
Mohamed Haniffa and others [2017] SGHC 248 (“Harun”) at [28]), which
peremptorily prevents plaintiffs from even going to trial to attempt to prove
their case (Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister for Home Affairs and another
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (“Chee Siok Chin”) 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PLOA at Tab 4; DLOA at Tab 9.

at [36]; Harun at [28].) The threshold for striking out is therefore a high
one: the court will exercise its power to strike out where it is plain and
obvious that the plaintiff does not have a cause of action (Trinity
Construction Development Pte Ltd v Sinohydro Corp Ltd (Singapore Branch)
[2021] 3 SLR 1039 (“Trinity Construction”) at [12]; Chee Siok Chin at [36];
Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 (Volume 1) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) (“Singapore
Civil Procedure”) at 18/19/6).

68 The first ground for striking out applies if the pleading discloses no
reasonable cause of action: O 18 r 19(1)(a). This is a strict requirement. The
pleading itself must fail to make out a reasonable cause of action without
reference to other evidence: Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another
[2012] 1 SLR 457 (“Ng Chee Weng”) at [112].

69 The second ground for striking out applies where the pleading is
scandalous, frivolous or vexatious: O 18 r 19(1)(b). The terms “frivolous” and
“vexatious” have been judicially interpreted to connote obvious
unsustainability (Chee Siok Chin at [37]). This can be found in two ways –
firstly, if the claim is legally unsustainable in the sense that the plaintiff
would not succeed in getting the relief he seeks even if all the facts he
alleges are successfully proven, and secondly, if the claim is factually
unsustainable such that the claim is fanciful and without substance, for
example where the statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or
materials on which it is based (The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PLOA at Tab 12; DLOA at Tab 36.

(“Bunga Melati”) at [39]; Harun at [30]).

70 As for the “scandalous” limb, the question is whether the allegedly
scandalous matter had a tendency to show the truth of any allegation that is
material to the relief sought: Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General [2006] 2
SLR(R) 565 (“Lai Swee Lin Linda”) at [67] citing Christie v Christie
(1872-1873) LR 8 Ch App 499 at p 503. If any unnecessary matter in a pleading
contains any imputation on the opponent or makes any charge of misconduct or
bad faith against him or anyone else, it will be struck out for being
scandalous (Singapore Civil Procedure at 18/19/11).

71 The third ground for striking out applies where the pleading may prejudice,
embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action: O 18 r 19(1)(c). In Tong Seak
Kan and anor v Jaya Sudhir a/l Jayaram [2016] 5 SLR 887, for example, an
appeal was brought against the AR’s decision to strike out portions of the
defence which alleged harassment on the plaintiff’s part. The High Court held
on appeal (at [47]) that the AR’s decision to strike out was justifiable on
the basis of O 18 r 19(c) of the Rules of Court, as these allegations would
“needlessly broaden the scope of evidence required at trial so as to cause
delay and costs”.

72 The fourth ground for striking out applies if the pleading is otherwise an
abuse of the process of the Court: O 18 r 19(1)(d). This is the widest general
ground for striking out and includes considerations of public policy and the
interests of justice (Gabriel Peter at [22]; Chee Siok Chin at [34]). This
ground can be organised into four categories (Chee Siok Chin at [34]):

(a) proceedings which involve a deception on the court, or are fictitious or
constitute a mere sham;

(b) proceedings where the process of the court is not being fairly or honestly
used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an improper
way;

(c) proceedings which are manifestly groundless or without foundation or serve
no useful purpose;

(d) multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

A prime example of pleadings which offend O 18 r 19(1)(d) would be the
bringing of a claim for collateral purposes (Harun at [78]).

73 While the second, third and fourth Defendants purport on the face of their
summons to rely on every limb under O 18 r 19, their counsel made it clear at
the hearing that the “heart of the matter” was really the open offer (without
admission of liability) which they had made to Mr Kroll on 14 March 2022. The
second, third and fourth Defendants submit that their offer “essentially
delivers everything that [Mr Kroll] is seeking in the suit”, such that the
continued prosecution of the action serves no useful purpose; and that Mr
Kroll’s failure to accept their offer – and his insistence on continuing with
the proceedings – amount to an abuse of the process of court which warrants
his action being struck out.

Issues before this court

74 In respect of the striking out application in Summons 1507, the following
issues are to be considered:

(a) For Prayer 1: Whether the refusal of the Buyout Offer and Mr Kroll’s
continued prosecution of this action constitute an abuse of process;

(b) For Prayer 2: Whether the Zeepson and Saibotan Pleadings are factually
and/or legally unsustainable, and whether the pleadings disclose, at most, a
corporate wrong;

(c) For Prayer 3: Whether the MAS Form 11 Forgery Pleadings are factually
and/or legally unsustainable, and whether the pleadings disclose, at most, a
corporate wrong; and

(d) For both Prayers 2 and 3: Whether the ground under Order 18 r 19(b) is
made out for the striking-out of either pleading.

Prayer 1: On striking out the entire pleading

The parties’ cases

The Buyout Offer of 14 March 2022

75 I will first deal with the second, third and fourth Defendants’ attempt in
prayer 1 to strike out the entire Statement of Claim.

76 On 14 March 2022, the second, third and fourth Defendants issued an open
letter containing two proposals to purchase Mr Kroll’s registered CTX shares.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 23 and BB-1 Tab 39 at p 277.

Under the main proposal (“the Buyout Offer”), the notional percentage of Mr
Kroll’s CTX shares is fixed at 7.67%. The quantum of the purchase price is
derived using a formula of this percentage of shares multiplied by the
“Company Value”. The “Company Value” would be determined by an Assessor,
excluding matters deriving from the 30 April 2021 EGM that formed the
consideration for the issuance of shares (which matters Mr Kroll has
characterised as unfair dilution events). The date of valuation is the date of
the impugned EGM – ie 30 April 2021. The buy-out value is purely pro rata,
with no “loss of marketability” discount on account of a minority shareholding
stake. The Assessor is to be jointly appointed within a reasonable time of
acceptance of the proposal (to be agreed) and should have a minimal
qualification of 10 years in the field of forensic accounting with experience
in company valuations as an expert in Court or arbitration proceedings. The
cost of the Assessor and Assessment process should be borne equally by each
side, and the parties should bear their own legal costs. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at BB-1 Tab 39 pp 277–283.

77 The alternative proposal in the second, third and fourth Defendants’ letter
was for Mr Kroll’s registered shareholding of 0.67% to be bought out at the
notional company valuation of USD180 million. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 28; Tab 39 p 282.

78 The 14 March 2022 letter requested a response by 18 March 2022 but no
formal response was received by that date from Mr Kroll’s solicitors. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at paras 29–30.

On 19 March 2022, Mr Kroll sent Dr Bai an email stating that “I’m not selling
for less than $30,680,000” and “After what you have put me through if you
thought I would agree to a cent less than $13.8M you don’t understand the
situation”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 31, BB-1 Tab 17 at p 138,
Tab 40 p 285.

Mr Kroll’s formal rejection of the buyout proposal was issued through his
solicitors (“WongPartnership”) on 22 March 2022. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 33, BB-1 Tab 41 at p 287.

The same letter stated that “our client remains open to considering genuine
and serious proposals” and that:

Should your clients: (i) make an offer that is consistent with the valuations
they themselves accepted at the time Mr Bai Bo made his post 30 April 2021 EGM
investment, and higher than the last offer they made in the second round of
without prejudice settlement correspondence/discussions; (ii) obtain the
Company’s agreement to be involved in and bound by any settlement reached… our
client remains prepared to consider settlement. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 33, BB-1 Tab 41 at p 288.

79 The second, third and fourth Defendants sought clarifications on this
counter-proposal by way of a letter to WongPartnership on 29 March 2022 and
requested a response by 1 April 2022. No response was provided by that date.
141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at paras 44–48, BB-1 Tab 47 at p
323.

Instead, on 4 April 2022, WongPartnership issued a holding response stating
that instructions would be sought. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 49, BB-1 Tab 50 at p 335.

On 14 April 2022, WongPartnership issued a substantive response as follows:
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 51, BB-1 Tab 56 at p 394.

Our client notes that your open letter dated 29 March 2022 contains no offer,
nor does it satisfy any of the stipulations at paragraph 8 of our open letter
dated 23 March 2022, which our client plainly requested be met before he
considers any settlement at this stage of the dispute.

While our client remains amenable to engage your clients in settlement
discussions, any meaningful discussions on settlement simply cannot proceed on
your clients’ proposed “maximum flexibility” basis, which is fraught with
uncertainty. Our client does not intend to engage your clients on this issue
further until after discovery, as it is only logical and sensible to consider
the proposed settlement mechanism set out at paragraphs 13 to 22 of your
letter dated 14 March 2022, after the documents relevant to the company’s
valuation/assessment have been disclosed. In relation to paragraphs 23 to 25
of your letter dated 14 March 2022, our client agrees to the appointment of a
joint assessor in the first instance, save that our client reserves his
position as to the appointment of an independent assessor in the event parties
are unable to agree to a joint assessor.

Dr Bai’s Affidavit in support of SUM 1507

80 In an affidavit filed in support of the striking-out application, Dr Bai
suggest that Mr Kroll is using the proceedings as leverage to extort a high
buy-out price, by threatening and/or seeking to embarrass or scandalise the
second to fourth Defendants. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 55.

Dr Bai highlights the following matters which he says support his view. On 8
November 2021, Mr Kroll filed a generally-endorsed Writ of Summons without an
SOC: the second to fourth Defendants contend that he did so as a “scare
tactic”, to show he was prepared to go to court and to broadcast his
accusations. The second to fourth Defendants take the view that Mr Kroll did
not file a SOC when he filed the writ because had he done so, his allegations
would be revealed in publicly accessible pleadings and the threat would be
spent. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at paras 65–68.

Also, Mr Kroll was unable to file the SOC on time. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at paras 73–74.

81 On 16 November 2021, after the second to fourth Defendants had filed their
Memorandum of Appearance for Suit 915, the Plaintiff’s solicitors,
WongPartnership, issued a letter to their solicitors, Salem Ibrahim LLC,
stating that: 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 70, BB-1 Tab 28 at p 193.

… to date, the Writ has only been physically served on the 1st Defendant, CTX,
via service on its [then solicitors], Breakpoint LLC. That your clients have
chosen to enter an appearance in the Suit without even first requesting
service of or being served the Writ, is consistent with the position that they
simply do not see themselves as separate and distinct from CTX, and that they
are in fact the directing minds and wills of CTX.

Dr Bai states that since Ms Hong is resident overseas and he himself was away
from Singapore at that time, Mr Kroll would have needed to expend time and
costs in applying for leave to serve the Writ out of jurisdiction or for
substituted service, and that Mr Kroll clearly made the complaint in the 16
November 2021 letter because he did not wish to proceed with the suit. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at paras 71–72.

82 Dr Bai also highlights that as early as 3 August 2021, CTX had already
offered Mr Kroll the documents he seeks in his SOC 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at paras 64 and 78.

. However, Mr Kroll failed to give the undertaking requested by CTX (that he
would not provide these documents to third parties); and Mr Kroll also failed
to respond when CTX tried to follow up on the matter. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at paras 75–76.

83 Lastly, the position taken in WongPartnership’s correspondence – that there
be no further discussions before the discovery stage – is said by the second
to fourth Defendants to be proof of “further gamesmanship by Mr Kroll”.
According to the second, third and fourth Defendants, Mr Kroll is hoping that
the discovery process will throw up “scandal” so that he can “extort from the
Defendants a buy-out price closer to the $30.6 million he mostly [sic]
recently demanded.” 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at paras 80–84.

84 Dr Bai Bo also draws attention to CTX’s “exceptionally modest revenue
generation” 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 88

, which he contrasts with Mr Kroll’s alleged status as the “wealthiest
shareholder of CTX”: 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 92.

according to Dr Bai, “it is absurd that [Mr Kroll] is making such crazy
requests for buy-outs without any logic, and without even being willing to
help out CTX in its time of need.” 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 94.

Mr Kroll’s Reply Affidavit of 9 May 2022 & the submissions made on his behalf

85 In his reply affidavit, Mr Kroll contends that the Buyout Offer was not
reasonable because any valuation to be obtained from the pegging of the offer
to an elusive “Company Value” would be lower than the valuation of USD180
million offered to Dr Bai after CTX obtained its licences in May 2021. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 37.

In their submissions, Mr Kroll’s counsel elaborated further on this
contention: according to counsel, pegging the Buyout Offer to an elusive
“Company Value” creates uncertainty and is inappropriate when applied to a
start-up like CTX, as this pre-dates the grant of CTX’s licences. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 61(a).

86 In his reply affidavit, Mr Kroll also contends that the allotment of shares
to Dr Bai at the 30 April 2021 EGM is a fundamental issue of dispute which
affects the share valuation and which has resulted in unfair shareholding
dilution. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 39.

In fact, according to Mr Kroll, the Buyout Offer will not adequately address
and/or meet all reliefs sought by him because:

(a) Without the Court’s directions, an independent valuer will not be able to
adequately assess the valuation of shares “but for the Defendants’ oppressive
breaches, conducts, acts and/or omissions”;

(b) There are relevant matters pre-dating the proposed date of valuation (30
April 2021); and

(c) The second to fourth Defendants’ proposal ignores past oppressive acts,
which will be captured in Mr Kroll’s claims for damages and/or equitable
compensation. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at paras 41–42.

87 As for the Alternative Buyout Offer, Mr Kroll argues that this was not
reasonable as it was similar to a previous offer made by Ms Hong, prior to the
30 April 2021 EGM and the dilution of his shareholding at that EGM. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 61(c).

88 In any event, Mr Kroll contends that it is only logical and sensible to
consider a fair valuation procedure after the documents relevant to the
company’s valuation have been disclosed and the merits litigated. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 38.

In oral submissions, counsel for Mr Kroll explained that there was
insufficient information for his client to meaningfully consider the offer;
and that his client would only be able to do so after the discovery process
had been completed, and after documents relevant to the company’s valuation or
assessment 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 47.

\- such as those relating to the contract with Xiamen Anne - had been
disclosed. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript 5 July 2022 at pp 77 – 78 and p 79 at lines 14 – 22.

89 According to Mr Kroll, he has in good faith sought to engage in without-
prejudice settlement in his correspondence with the second to fourth
Defendants. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 45.

The statements in his emails that he seeks a buyout of USD30.68 million and
/or a buyout of USD13.8 million correspond to Ms Hong’s projection of the next
round of valuation and to Relief (2) of his Statement of Claim respectively –
a fair value on par with what was presented to Dr Bai and/or conveyed by Ms
Hong. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 46.

Mr Kroll has not shut down all attempts to negotiate: indeed, he invited the
defendants to counter-propose since their Open Letter was fraught with
uncertainty. He is amenable to the appointment of a joint assessor, save that
he reserves his rights to the appointment of an independent assessor in the
event that parties are unable to assess to a joint assessor. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 48.

90 Mr Kroll asserts that he has no ulterior or improper purpose. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 62.

The allegation that Suit 915 is being used to generate scandal so as to
“pressure and extort cash from the Defendants” is a speculative and sweeping
one. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 63.

Applying the test in Chee Siok Chin at [34], he has a legitimate basis in
mounting a claim in minority oppression; he has in good faith sought to engage
in without-prejudice settlement discussions; and his action in Suit 915 does
not constitute “multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely
to cause improper vexation or oppression”. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 64.

Dr Bai Bo’s Reply Affidavit of 30 May 2022 & the submissions made on behalf of
the second to fourth defendants

91 In response, the second to fourth Defendants argue that Mr Kroll’s position
appears to be that an assessment process “would not be appropriate unless (1)
it is by an assessor of his choosing and (2) he knows, ahead of the assessment
process, what the final valuation of his share would be” 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 30 May 2022 at para 9.

– conditions which the second to fourth Defendants reject as they create bias
in Mr Kroll’s favour. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 30 May 2022 at paras 10–16.

92 In oral submissions, counsel for the second to fourth Defendants
highlighted the salient terms of the buyout offer, the main aim of which was
to “immediately avoid further wasted time and agree for a buy-out of [Mr
Kroll]’s registered 445,369 shares at a fair value to be determined by an
assessor”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at p 278.

The Buyout Offer stipulates that a pro-rata method will be used to value the
shares (ie, that the value of shares will be determined by using a percentage
of shares multiplied by the company value). In computing this figure, Mr
Kroll’s shareholding will be fixed at the pre-dilution level of 7.67%.

93 As for the “Company Value”, counsel for the second to fourth Defendants
noted this was to be determined by the assessor, who would exclude, from the
valuation, the alleged oppressive breaches, conduct, acts and/or omissions.
Here, the assessor would take into account two factors in determining the
company’s value: the date of valuation, and the factors to input towards a
valuation. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at p 279.

The valuation date would be fixed at 30 April 2021, which was the date of the
EGM. 30 April 2021 was proposed as the valuation date since Mr Kroll himself
claimed that it was the 30 April 2021 EGM which had resulted in his shares
being diluted. What this implies is that a fair valuation of Mr Kroll’s shares
should not take into account the events of the EGM which resulted in the share
dilution.

94 While Mr Kroll complains that the allotment of shares to Dr Bai is a
fundamental issue of dispute, this does not render the Buyout Offer
unreasonable since its starting point is that any buyout will be premised on a
shareholding percentage in Mr Kroll’s favour, ie, 7.67%. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 153–154.

Further, in respect of Mr Kroll’s complaint that the Buyout Offer excludes the
USD180 million valuation of CTX, the second to fourth Defendants contend that
this is not viable, given that the USD180 million valuation was extracted from
the ARIA, which is itself a direct consequence of the 30 April 2021
resolutions impugned by Mr Kroll. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 155–157.

In any event, the second to fourth Defendants argue that the USD180 million
figure is not excluded from the assessor’s consideration. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 158.

As for Mr Kroll’s complaint that the Buyout Offer fails to consider his claim
for damages and/or equitable compensation, the Buyout Offer already
incorporates an invitation for parties to propose any matters that would
impact the value of CTX as at 30 April 2021 (“post-value adjustments”). 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 159–162.

95 In respect of Mr Kroll’s complaint that fair value can only be determined
with the benefit of discovery and trial, the second to fourth Defendants
submit that Mr Kroll has actually been offered the opportunity to receive the
documents on numerous previous occasions. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 139.

In any event, the Buyout Offer provided for an equality of arms: as noted
earlier, parties are free to make submissions to the Assessor on matters which
they think would affect the value of the shares; 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 146.

and if Mr Kroll wishes to see any documents before accepting the Buyout Offer,
the second to fourth Defendants say they are open to offering the documents.
179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 137–138.

The framework proposed by the second to fourth Defendants for the
consideration of their striking-out application

96 The second to fourth Defendants have made it clear from the outset that
their striking-out application is premised on Mr Kroll’s failure to accept
their Buyout Offer. Insofar as the law is concerned, the second to fourth
Defendants propose that I apply the following 3-stage framework to determine
whether Mr Kroll’s action should be struck out: 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

2nd to 4th defendants’ written submissions dated 3 June 2022 at para 74.

Stage 1: Is the offer presented a “reasonable offer” insofar as there is
observance of Lord Hoffman’s guidelines in O’Neill v Phillips?

Stage 2: If the O’Neill v Phillips guidelines are met, are there other factors
which prevent the offer from providing the petitioner with all the relief he
may reasonably expect to obtain in the proceedings? Such non-exhaustive
factors could include:

(a) Whether a pleaded and sustainable claim by the petitioner improperly
omitted/not addressed by the offer.

(b) Whether any matters exist for determination which only the Court is able
to resolve.

(c) Whether the petition can reasonably appreciate the fairness of the offer.

(d) Whether the offeror is able to implement the offer.

Stage 3: Is the Court able to utilize its tools and procedures to resolve any
impediment to the petitioner’s acceptance of the offer, to avoid wasted time,
costs and judicial resources by a full trial?

O’Neill v Phillips

97 In O’Neill v Phillips [1999] 1 WLR 1092 (“O’Neill”), which the second to
fourth Defendants rely on, Lord Hoffmann laid down the following requirements
to determine what constitutes a reasonable offer.

In the first place, the offer must be to purchase the shares at a fair value.
This will ordinarily be a value representing an equivalent proportion of the
total issued share capital, that is, without a discount for its being a
minority holding. The Law Commission (paragraphs 3.57-62) has recommended a
statutory presumption that in cases to which the presumption of unfairly
prejudicial conduct applies, the fair value of the shares should be determined
on a pro rata basis. This too reflects the existing practice. This is not to
say that there may not be cases in which it will be fair to take a discounted
value. But such cases will be based upon special circumstances and it will
seldom be possible for the court to say that an offer to buy on a discounted
basis is plainly reasonable, so that the petition should be struck out.

Secondly, the value, if not agreed, should be determined by a competent
expert. The offer in this case to appoint an accountant agreed by the parties
or in default nominated by the President of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants satisfied this requirement. One would ordinarily expect the costs
of the expert to be shared but he should have the power to decide that they
should be borne in some different way.

Thirdly, the offer should be to have the value determined by the expert as an
expert. I do not think that the offer should provide for the full machinery of
arbitration or the half-way house of an expert who gives reasons. The
objective should be economy and expedition, even if this carries the
possibility of a rough edge for one side or the other (and both parties in
this respect take the same risk) compared with a more elaborate procedure.
This is in accordance with the terms of the draft Regulation 119: Exit Right
recommended by the Law Commission: see Appendix C to the report, p. 133.

Fourthly, the offer should, as in this case, provide for equality of arms
between the parties. Both should have the same right of access to information
about the company which bears upon the value of the shares and both should
have the right to make submissions to the expert, though the form (written or
oral) which these submissions may take should be left to the discretion of the
expert himself.

Fifthly, there is the question of costs. In the present case, when the offer
was made after nearly three years of litigation, it could not serve as an
independent ground for dismissing the petition, on the assumption that it was
otherwise well founded, without an offer of costs. But this does not mean that
payment of costs need always be offered. If there is a breakdown in relations
between the parties, the majority shareholder should be given a reasonable
opportunity to make an offer (which may include time to explore the question
of how to raise finance) before he becomes obliged to pay costs. As I have
said, the unfairness does not usually consist merely in the fact of the
breakdown but in failure to make a suitable offer. And the majority
shareholder should have a reasonable time to make the offer before his conduct
is treated as unfair. The mere fact that the petitioner has presented his
petition before the offer does not mean that the respondent must offer to pay
the costs if he was not given a reasonable time.

[emphasis in bold]

98 Applying their proposed 3-stage framework, the second to fourth Defendants
submit that first, the Buyout Offer satisfies the O’Neill guidelines. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 100–115.

Second, the second to fourth Defendants submit that the O’Neill guidelines
having been met, there are no other factors which prevent the Buyout Offer
from giving Mr Kroll all the reliefs he can reasonably expect to obtain in the
proceedings; and Mr Kroll’s reasons for rejecting the offer lack merit. Third,
the second to fourth Defendants take the position that in the worst-case
scenario, the court is in a position to utilize its tools and procedures to
resolve any impediments to Mr Kroll’s acceptance of the offer.

The law on the rejection on an offer to buy the oppressed party’s shares

99 Generally, it is an abuse of process for an applicant to reject an offer
that would provide him with everything sought and to continue instead with
proceedings (Balk v Otkritie International Investment Management Ltd [2017]
EWCA Civ 134). 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

DLOA at Tab 8.

There is public interest that the court’s resources should not be used for a
claim that had become academic in view of the offer (TMT Asia Ltd v BHP
Billiton Marketing AG (Singapore Branch) [2019] 5 SLR 69 at [67]). 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 30.

Specifically, in the context of minority oppression claims, where there is a
reasonable offer to purchase the allegedly oppressed party’s shares, an action
for oppression cannot be sustained (Lim Swee Khiang and another v Borden Co
(Pte) Ltd and others [2005] 4 SLR(R) 141 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

PLOA at Tab 8; DLOA at Tab 16.

(“Lim Swee Khiang”) at [97], citing O’Neill) 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

DLOA at Tab 22.

The High Court in Lim Swee Khiang cited (at [97] Lord Hoffmann’s five
guidelines in determining what would be a reasonable offer (“the O’Neill
guidelines”):

First, the offer must be to purchase the shares at a fair value. Second, the
value if not agreed, should be determined by a competent expert. Third, the
offer should be to have the value determined by the expert as an expert.
Fourth, the offer should provide for equality of arms between the parties.
Fifth, the question of costs would have to be considered. The offer should
take into account the plaintiffs’ costs although this need not always be
payable by the defendants as in cases where the defendants have not been given
a chance to make an offer before the action was launched.

100 At this juncture, it is useful to consider the application of the O’Neill
guidelines in caselaw. As discussed below (see [101] to [118]), the Singapore
and the English courts have consistently applied the O’Neill guidelines (even
if not expressly referred to as such) in considering the reasonableness of an
offer. However, English cases have emphasised that the mere fact that an offer
is reasonable does not mean that the courts will automatically strike out an
action if the plaintiff rejects the offer. Similarly, Singapore caselaw shows
that our courts do not stop at applying the O’Neill guidelines but also
proceed to consider other factors in determining whether a reasonable offer
renders the continued prosecution of the action an abuse of process – eg,
whether the offer has addressed all reliefs sought in the suit.

Local cases

101 In Lim Swee Khiang, the plaintiffs were minority shareholders of a company
known as Borden. They brought a petition under s 216 of the CA, alleging that
the defendants (the majority shareholders) had conducted the affairs of Borden
in a manner which was oppressive to them and / or which disregarded their
interests as members of Borden. While the High Court dismissed the claim on
grounds that the minority oppression claim was not made out, the court took
the view (at [102]) that the plaintiffs - in choosing to continue with the
action instead of responding to the buyout offer - were guilty of an abuse of
process. In reaching that conclusion, the court found that the offer
substantially met the O’Neill guidelines. The defendants’ solicitors had
written in 11 days after the commencement of the action to state that the
defendants were willing to purchase the plaintiffs’ shares pursuant to a
valuation by a professional valuer to be agreed upon between the parties (at
[95]). The plaintiffs had declined to discuss the mechanics of valuation or
any details of the valuation or offer. The court noted that if they had
responded in a positive way, these issues could have formed part of the
negotiations, and the court could have made a decision on the points on which
parties were unable to agree (at [98]).

102 After judgment was handed down, the defendants made a similar buyout offer
to the plaintiffs, who rejected the offer and appealed against the High
Court’s decision: Lim Swee Khiang and anor v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and others
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 745 (“Lim Swee Khiang CA”) at [9]. Some of the defendants
filed applications to strike out the appeal on grounds that it was an abuse of
process. These applications were dismissed by the Court of Appeal (“CA”). The
CA held that the appeal was not an abuse of process as the buyout offer was
not a reasonable one: it did not include the damages claimed by the plaintiffs
arising from the defendants’ oppressive acts. Given these findings, the
defendants did not seek to press the argument that the appeal was an abuse of
process: Lim Swee Khiang CA at [10]. While the CA allowed the appeal and
ordered the defendants to purchase the plaintiffs’ shares, the CA did not
specifically address the High Court’s findings that the plaintiffs were guilty
of an abuse of process.

103 In Lim Chee Twang v Chan Shuk Kuen Helina and others [2010] 2 SLR 209
(“Lim Chee Twang”), 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

DLOA at Tab 15.

the High Court held (at [140]) that the offer to buy out the plaintiff’s
shareholding in the companies - “reasonable as it was” - did not render the
continuation of the action an abuse of process, because the offer did not
cover all the entities involved and also failed to address a number of
contested issues such as Ms Chan’s disputed loans to BVI (at [138], [140]).

104 In Tan Eck Hong v Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd and others
[2019] 3 SLR 161 (“Tan Eck Hong”), 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

DLOA at Tab 34.

the High Court held that the two buyout offers made to the plaintiff were not
reasonable. The first offer proposed only a partial buyout of a smaller parcel
of 93,085 shares, and did not deal with the plaintiff’s pending claim (at
[214]). As for the second offer, it did not satisfy the requirement that the
shares be purchased at fair value (at [215]) because it was not expressly
stated in the offer that “the fair value would be ascertained without applying
the minority discount”. The second offer also did not contain any offer to pay
the plaintiff’s legal costs, which had been incurred over the course of the
six years during which the action had proceeded; and the plaintiff would still
have to go through the trial process to determine his right to costs.

105 Further, the High Court was not satisfied that the procedure for valuation
set out in both offers would suffice to determine the fair value of the
plaintiff’s shares: a trial would have been required to determine various
issues in dispute which affected the value of the shares. These included
issues such as the validity of the allotment of some four million shares to
another company, MDG, as well as the wrongful payment of legal fees. Lastly,
apart from considering the O’Neill guidelines, the court noted (at [218]) that
the second offer had been made at the eleventh hour, and the plaintiff “could
hardly be expected to give up six years of litigation on the eve of trial on
the basis of such an offer”.

English cases

106 Turning to English caselaw, we find – even prior to O’Neill – a number of
English authorities which dealt with applications to strike out unfair
prejudice petitions on the basis that a buyout offer had been made offering
the petitioner all the relief which he/she could reasonably expect to obtain
at trial.

107 Re a Company No. 00836 of 1995 [1996] BCC 432 concerned a motion to strike
out a petition under s 459 of the Companies Act 1985 on the basis that an
offer had been made to purchase the petitioner’s shares which would give the
petitioner all the relief he could realistically expect to obtain on his
petition, and that it would be an abuse of the process of court for him to
continue with the petition. The case arose out of a long-running dispute
between a father, Mr Albert Thompson (“AT”), and one of his two sons, Julian
Thompson (“JT”). The company, which was the subject matter of the application,
Gippeswyk Investment Co Ltd (“GICL”), was incorporated in 1960; and in 1962,
AT acquired all 200 issued shares in the company in exchange for land which he
put into the company. Of the 200 shares, AT held 50 shares, with his two sons
holding the remaining shares equally. The falling out between JT and his
father, AT, led to JT effectively taking over GICL together with his brother,
John. This also precipitated the long running feud between father and son in
which numerous lawsuits were filed. Insofar as GICL was concerned, AT
commenced the present action when John purported to sell his shares in GICL to
JT. AT applied to set aside the purported sale, and also issued a minority
shareholder’s petition under s 459 of the Companies Act 1985 alleging that
GICL’s affairs were being conducted in a way that was prejudicial to his
interests. In response, JT applied to strike out his father’s application
under s 459 on the basis that it disclosed no reasonable cause of action and /
or was an abuse of process of the court.

108 Justice Weeks QC (“Weeks J”), who heard the case, allowed the striking-out
application. He reasoned that it was almost inevitable that the majority
shareholder, JT, would be ordered to buy out his father’s shares in the event
that his father’s petition succeeded. Weeks J observed that cases where a
majority shareholder was forced to sell his shareholding to the petitioning
minority shareholder must be very rare: in the present case, the circumstances
were not so exceptional as to make that a realistic possibility, especially
since AT had for the past four years taken no active part in managing the
company. As a minority shareholder, AT had no effective way of stopping the
unfair treatment which he complained of. Weeks J therefore struck out AT’s
petition on the basis that an offer had been made which realistically gave AT
everything he could expect to obtain if he succeeded in his action (at pp 442
– 443). Weeks J rejected AT’s argument that he was entitled to have his day in
court and that it would be inappropriate to have matters relating to the
valuation of shares in the offer presented decided by an accountant rather
than the court (at pp 441 – 442). Instead, Weeks J took the view that there
was “great sense in avoiding a day in court and referring the matter, which
was ultimately a matter of valuation” to an accountant.

109 In Re a Company No. 006834 of 1988 (1989) 5 BCC 218, the company was in
the business of organising ski holidays in Savoie. It was started in 1978 by
the respondent, Kramer, and one Guyatt. Kramer held two-thirds of the share
capital with Guyatt holding the remaining one-third. In 1986, Guyatt decided
to sever his connections with the company and sold his shares to the
petitioner, Kay. Unfortunately for both Kramer and Kay, the business
association was unsuccessful, and they agreed that the company should be
dissolved. Kay made various complaints against Kramer, alleging, amongst other
things that he had charged personal expenses to the company and allowed
members of his family and friends to have holidays at the company’s expense.
Kramer’s solicitors wrote to Kay with an open offer to buy his shares in the
company at open market value, to be determined by an independent valuer
jointly appointed by the parties. This offer supposedly went further than the
common form pre-emption provision in the company’s articles which provided
that:

“A member desiring to transfer shares otherwise than to a person who is
already a member of the company shall give notice in writing of such intention
to the directors of the company, giving particulars of the shares in question.
The directors as agents for the member giving such notice may dispose of such
shares or any of them to members of the company at a price to be agreed
between the transferor and the directors or failing agreement at a price fixed
by the auditors of the company as the fair value thereof.”

110 Kay brought a petition pursuant to s 459 of the Companies Act 1985,
seeking an order that Kramer sell his shares to him, or alternatively, that he
be ordered to buy Kay’s shares. In response, Kramer applied to strike out the
petition on the ground that having regard to the provision of the company’s
articles and the open offer, the presentation of the petition was an abuse of
the court’s process.

111 In allowing the striking out application, Hoffmann J (as he then was)
summarised the applicable principle as follows (at 220). When it is “plain
that the appropriate solution to a breakdown of relations is for the
petitioner to be able to sell his shares at a fair price, and the articles
contain provisions for determining a price which the respondent is willing to
pay or the respondent has offered to submit to an independent determination of
a fair price, the presentation or maintenance of a petition under s 459 will
ordinarily be an abuse of process. Hoffmann J opined that it would be very
unusual for the court to order a majority shareholder who was actively
involved in the company’s management to sell his shares to the minority
shareholder when he was willing and able to buy out the minority shareholder
at a fair price. While it was possible that the court could make such an
order, the present situation was not such a case. Hoffmann J also rejected (at
221) Kay’s argument that the offer would not give him all the relief sought in
the petition given his allegations of improper application of the company’s
funds. Notably, Hoffmann J held that it was only in cases of impropriety by
the respondent which had affected the value of the shares that it would be
inappropriate for the matter to be dealt with by a straightforward valuation
in an offer. On the present facts, the effect of the alleged improprieties on
the valuation of shares in the company was likely to be minimal. Further, the
valuer would be concerned with applying a suitable multiple to the profits
which the company might earn in the future; and Kramer had said that the
valuer could take into account any sums which he considered to have been
improperly disbursed. As for the objection that the independent valuer’s terms
of reference did not prevent him from applying a discount to reflect Kay’s
minority holding, Hoffmann J was of the view that in valuing the shares, the
valuer was entitled to fix a value reflecting the involuntariness of the
purchase as well as the involuntariness of the sale.

112 In North Holdings Ltd v Southern Tropics Ltd and others [1999] 2 BCLC 625
(“North Holdings”), in a decision delivered shortly after the judgement by the
House of Lords in O’Neill, the English CA allowed an appeal by the appellant N
Ltd against the lower court’s order striking out the appellant’s petition
under s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985. In its petition, the appellant – who
was the minority shareholder in a company S Ltd – had alleged that it was
being unfairly prejudiced by the respondent majority shareholders’ failure to
account for the profit made by their own wholly-owned company K Ltd, whose
establishment and rapid growth had been the result of the respondents’ misuse
of S Ltd’s assets. The respondents had applied successfully in the lower court
to strike out the petition on the basis that further prosecution would be an
abuse of the process of the court, since the appellant already had the power
to require the respondents to purchase its shares at a fair price by
exercising a put option in the shareholders’ agreement, or by accepting an
offer to purchase made by the respondents. The lower court had struck out the
petition on the basis that there was no realistic chance of the court making
the order sought in the light of the respondents’ offer to buy the shares and
the rights given by the shareholders’ agreement.

113 On appeal, the appellant argued that the value of the shares should be
determined by the court because the appellant’s interests had been unfairly
prejudiced by actions of the respondents which had been in breach of their
fiduciary duties owed to S Ltd; and resolution of the issues raised in the
petition involved mixed questions of fact and law appropriate to be determined
by the court rather than by auditors of the company. In agreeing with the
appellants, the English Court of Appeal held that since there had not yet been
any findings of fact as to whether the respondents had misused any of the
assets of S Ltd, it was proper – for the purposes of determining whether the
petition should be struck out – to assume that the pleaded allegations would
be established. It would not be right to conclude, at such an early stage of
proceedings, that the appellant’s submissions could not succeed. As to whether
or not the respondents’ actions amounted to a breach of their fiduciary
duties, this was likely to depend upon the facts probably upon the extent and
type of misuse; and that being so, it would not be right to strike out the
petition. The price to be paid for the shares would depend on a decision as to
whether any part of the business of K Ltd was held on trust for S Ltd, and if
so, how much: as the appellant had pointed out, this raised mixed questions of
fact and law which should be decided by the court and not an accountant. It
followed that the respondents’ offer to purchase and the option in the
shareholders’ agreement were not sufficient to remove any potential unfair
prejudice.

114 Turning to recent cases post O’ Neill, Loveridge v Loveridge [2021] EWCA
Civ 1697 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

DLOA at Tab 18.

concerned proceedings brought by one Michael for the winding up of several
family companies pursuant to ss 994-996 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (unfair
prejudice) or under s 122(1)(g) of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (the just and
equitable ground). The English Court of Appeal held that the petition in
respect of the company Kingsford was an abuse of process given that the other
two owners had made an offer to purchase Michael’s shares in Kingsford at a
fair market value (at [124]). The court rejected the argument that what was
relevant was the fair market value of the company and not the shares in it,
stating that what must be valued was the share capital, and the notion that
the “company” and some distinct meaning for valuation purposes was wrong.
While the assets of a company could be valued, valuing them rather than the
share capital would not ordinarily result in a value attributable to the
shares because it would ignore debts and other liabilities (at [124]–[125]).
The court also rejected the argument that there was a risk that an expert
would interpret the offer as requiring a valuation of Michael’s shareholding
in the open market, which could be nil or close to nil, on the basis that
there was no market for a minority shareholding. The court pointed out that
the offer letter had made clear that no minority discount was to be applied
and that both parties would be permitted to make submissions to the expert;
and it had also incorporated an invitation to identify any elements not in
compliance with the requirements of the O’Neill guidelines (at [126]).

115 Critically, having made the above findings, the court proceeded to make
the following observations (at [127]):

However, whether an offer complies with O'Neill v Phillips guidelines is not
by itself determinative. As the Court of Appeal stated in Re Sprintroom Ltd
[2019] EWCA Civ 932; [2019] BCC 1031 at [129], judges have “counselled against
treating the reasonableness of an offer as being a trump card in the hands of
the respondent majority shareholder”. The court referred with approval to the
judgment of HHJ Cooke in Harborne Road Nominees Ltd v Karvaski [2011] EWHC
2214 (Ch); [2012] 2 CBLC 420 (“Harborne Road”), where he pointed out at [26]
that Lord Hoffmann's guidance does not have the status of legislation, and
that it would be a cardinal error to approach the matter as if sufficient
compliance with the guidelines would inevitably protect the respondent. The
question is always whether, in all the circumstances of the case, the
applicant has satisfied the conditions required to have the petition struck
out or summary judgment granted in his favour, namely that continued
prosecution of the petition after making the offer amounts to an abuse of
process or is bound to fail. The issue is highly fact sensitive and
“consideration of the nature and terms of any offer made can only ever be an
intermediate step in the process”.

[emphasis added]

116 In Robinson v H. G. Robinson & Sons Ltd and others [2020] EWHC 1 (Ch)
(“Robinson”), 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

DLOA at Tab 30.

the second to fourth defendants applied to strike out a petition in which the
petitioner sought a winding-up order against the first respondent company (at
[1]). The then-solicitors to the respondents set out an offer to buy the
petitioner’s shares at a fair value (at [14]). The court held that even if an
alternative remedy existed and the petitioner was acting unreasonably in
seeking to have the company wound up regardless of the offer, the court still
had a discretion whether or not to strike out the petition (at [29]).

117 On the facts in Robinson, the court held (at [62]) that the offer made was
fair and the petitioner’s refusal to engage in its open-ended terms (namely,
the invitation to submit details and counter-proposals) was unreasonable.
First, although no offer was made in respect of monies previously applied for
the second respondent’s benefit, the court noted that given the costs and
inconvenience to all parties of a liquidation, coupled with the encouragement
which a court should give to offerors to amend their offers, and the court’s
assessment of “the limited extent to which a liquidator would likely engage in
much beyond a fairly rough and ready approach to making adjustments for the
respondents’ alleged wrongdoings”, the lack of such an offer in itself was
insufficient to justify the offer being dismissed out of hand (at [39]).
Second, although there was no detailed mechanism for valuation of the land,
assets belonging to the company would be valued by the appointed expert as an
intrinsic part of his valuation of the company’s assets, so as to arrive at a
fair value of the shares. Moreover, if any of the assets were not company
assets but were to be transferred under the offer, the petitioner could have
raised this as a point of detail (at [41]). Third, while no offer was made to
pay the petitioner’s legal costs, this was adequately excused by the fact that
the offer had been made before the petition was issued: the principle remains
that the absence of an offer to pay costs cannot serve an independent ground
for dismissing a petition that is otherwise well founded (at [43]). Fourth,
the refusal to provide information about the company paying the respondents’
costs of the proceedings was irrelevant to the court’s determination of the
fairness of the offer. This point arose only in respect of costs incurred
after the petition was presented (at [44]). Fifth, although it was argued that
the offer did not address the parties’ dispute over jointly-owned private
land, the court was of the view that this did not affect the reasonableness of
the offer, as the offer was expressed to represent a full and final settlement
of claims between the parties as shareholders of the company. A winding-up
order would similarly not provide a solution to issues between the parties in
relation to land privately owned by them.

118 In Re Sprintroom Ltd Prescott v Potamianos and another; Potamianos v
Prescott and another [2019] EWCA Civ 932 (“Re Sprintroom”), 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

DLOA at Tab 29.

Dr Potamianos – as the minority shareholder in the company Sprintroom Ltd
(“SEL”) – brought a petition under ss 994-996 of the UK Companies Act 2006,
claiming that he had been excluded from the management of the company and that
the affairs of the company were being carried on by the majority shareholder
(a Mr Prescott) in a manner that was unfairly prejudicial to Dr Potamianos’
interests. Dr Potamianos argued that Mr Prescott’s offers to buy out his
shares in the company were not fair or reasonable (at [111]). At the same
time, the company SEL brought suit against Dr Potamianos and his service
company in respect of intellectual property rights in certain software (“the
source code claim”). At first instance, the court ordered that the source code
claim be tried together with the issues whether the company was a quasi-
partnership and whether Mr Prescott had conducted the company’s affairs in an
unfairly prejudicial manner, with any question concerning the reasonableness
of Mr Prescott’s offers for Dr Potamianos’ shares – insofar as that question
required expert valuation evidence – to be determined at a further trial.

119 On appeal, the English Court of Appeal held that the question whether Mr
Prescott had made a reasonable offer to buy Dr Potamianos’ shares was not
logically antecedent to questions of unfairly prejudicial conduct, because the
factors that indicated the reasonableness or otherwise of an offer would often
be closely bound up with the behaviour that was alleged to be unfairly
prejudicial. The terms and conditions of an offer were part of the overall
consideration by the court of whether a petition should succeed. The value
offered, or the means proposed for arriving at that value, would be an
important factor. The fairness of the value might be linked with the substance
of the unfair prejudice allegations. Further, the Court of Appeal held that
the first-instance judge had erred in deciding that he could not assess the
reasonableness of the offers and of Dr Potamianos’ response without expert
valuation evidence. In the Court of Appeal’s view, there was sufficient
material to establish that the making and rejection of the offers were not
factors that defeated Dr Potamianos’ petition by making his exclusion from the
company fair: an evaluation of all the circumstances surrounding the offers
showed that none of them rendered Dr Potamianos’ exclusion from the company
fair. As such, the offers could not be relied on to defeat Dr Potamianos’
petition; and expert valuation evidence would make no difference to that
conclusion.

120 It is worth noting that in coming to the above conclusions, the Court of
Appeal highlighted that in cases decided post O’Neill where parties have cited
the guidance in O’Neill, “judges have counselled against treating the
reasonableness of an offer as being a trump card in the hands of the
respondent majority shareholder” (at [129]). The Court of Appeal cited with
approval the judgement of HHJ David Cooke (sitting as a judge in the Chancery
Division) in Harborne Road Nominees Ltd v Karvaski [2011] EWHC 2214 (Ch)
(“Harborne Road Nominees”).

121 In Harborne Road Nominees, the respondents to an unfair prejudice petition
filed an application asking inter alia that the petition be struck out as an
abuse of process. The ground relied on was that the first respondent, Mr
Karvaski, had made an offer or offers to purchase the shares in the second
respondent company (“Sitewatch” or “the company”) beneficially owned by Mr
Paul Morris, (the effective Complainant), the refusal of which was
unreasonable; and that in consequence, the continued prosecution of the
petition was either an abuse or was bound to fail, for the reasons set out in
Lord Hoffmann’s judgment in O'Neill v Phillips. In dismissing the respondents’
application, HHJ Cooke held that while the guidance provided in O’Neill went
into considerable detail, “(n)evertheless it does not have the status of
legislation”. Importantly, in his view -

The correspondence and argument between the parties in this case (eg the
reference to an offer “in O'Neill v Phillips format”) appeared in my view to
approach the matter as if what had to be considered was the extent to which
the offer made complied with these guidelines, or the precedents set out in Mr
Joffe's textbook, and that if a sufficient degree of compliance was achieved,
Mr Karvaski would inevitably be protected from any petition that Mr Morris
might issue. That in my view would be a cardinal error. The question for the
court is always whether in all the circumstances of the case the Applicant has
satisfied the conditions required to have the petition struck out, or summary
judgment in his favour given on it. These Mr Shaw accurately summarised as
being that it must be shown that the continued prosecution of the petition
after the making of the offer amounts to an abuse of process, or was bound to
fail. The issue is highly sensitive to the facts and circumstances of each
case, and consideration of the nature and terms of any offer made can only
ever be an intermediate step in the process.

[emphasis added]

122 On the facts before him, HHJ Cooke held that where there were issues in
the petition relating to allegations of breach of duty owed to the company by
one or other party, if they would go to the price of the shares, an expert
valuer would not be in a position to determine the factual and legal disputes
between the parties. As he pointed out:

To take an obvious example, if a petitioner alleges that his co-shareholder
has diverted business or misapplied assets, it would not be just to require
him to accept a price for his shares determined by an expert without an
authoritative determination of the claim. The expert could only express an
opinion whether the value given to the potential claim in the company's
accounts (probably nil) was appropriate, or what effect the existence of the
disputed claim might have on the price an arm's length purchaser would be
prepared to pay for the shares. Neither of these would be likely to give the
petitioner anything like the benefit he would receive if the dispute were
resolved in his favour and the breach made good or fully allowed for in the
price. The Respondent, who must (at the stage of a strike out application) be
assumed to be in breach, would benefit from the breach twice over in that he
would not only have the proceeds of the breach itself, but be able to acquire
the company at a price depressed by the consequences of his own breach.

Hong Kong cases

123 In the interest of completeness, I note that the principles enunciated in
the above English authorities have also been accepted and applied by the Hong
Kong courts. In Re Prudential Enterprise Ltd [2001], the petitioners, who were
the company’s minority shareholders and siblings of the first respondent (the
majority shareholder), presented a petition seeking a winding-up order on the
just and equitable ground and alternatively relief under s 168A of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap 32), including an order that their shares be
purchased at a price to be determined. The petitioners alleged that the first
respondent had misappropriated company funds through Interstitial Holdings
Ltd, an offshore company (the Interstitial scheme). They further claimed that
the first respondent had increased his shareholding from 26.86% to 68.85% by
allotting 8,126 shares to himself at gross undervalue (the rights issue
exercise) and that he had used the company funds or funds attributable to the
company and generated from the Interstitial scheme to pay the $257.8m
subscription money for the rights issue exercise. The Interstitial scheme and
the use of company funds to finance the rights issue exercise were also the
subject matter of a derivative action commenced by the petitioners. The first
respondent subsequently offered to purchase the petitioners’ shares in the
company (the revised offer), on the basis that the 8,126 shares allotted
pursuant to the rights issue exercise had not been allotted. The value of the
shares would be assessed by an independent expert valuer: the revised offer
spelt out the terms on which such valuation would be conducted (eg, that the
petitioners were only to have information relevant to any point on which the
valuer required submissions from the parties and could only make submissions
to the valuer when required and called upon by the valuer). When the
petitioners declined to take up the revised offer, the first respondent
applied to strike out or stay the amended petition on the ground that the
continued pursuit of the petition in the face of the revised offer constituted
an abuse of process.

124 In dismissing the first respondent’s application to strike out, Chu J held
that the basic requirements for a reasonable offer were as set out in the
judgement of Lord Hoffmann in O’Neill. However, not all petitions for s 168A
relief could be suitably dealt with by referring the matter to an expert for
valuation of the share price and by having the petitioner’s shares bought out
at the value determined by the valuer. In the present case, both the rights
issue exercise and the Interstitial scheme involved complicated issues of
facts and law which an expert lacked the proper machinery to adjudicate upon.
Further, the court was not relieved of the task of a trial on the complaints
raised by the petitioners under the revised offer nor would it dispense with
the hearing on the appointment of the provisional liquidator. The derivative
action would go on and judicial resources as well as costs would remain to be
incurred. There was no question of an abuse of process as the petitioners
would have their day in court whether they rejected or accepted the revised
offer.

125 Further, and in any event, Chu J held that it could not be said that the
revised offer was plainly a suitable and reasonable one. For example, the
revised offer did not provide for ‘equality of arms’ between the parties. The
mechanism envisaged by the revised offer only afforded the petitioners a
limited access to company information and opportunity to make representations
on the value of the company. It followed that the petitioners would not be
able to draw to the valuer’s attention matters or areas of concern nor would
they be able to make meaningful representation to the valuer on matters or
areas of concern. That was hardly fair nor sufficient given the petitioners’
complaint was that the first respondent had been practising a scheme of
manipulating of the company funds and assets. In the circumstances, it was not
unreasonable for the petitioners to refuse to accept the revised offer.

126 The first respondent’s appeal against Chu J’s decision was dismissed: Re
Prudential Enterprise Ltd [2002] 2 HKC 375. The Court of Appeal held that the
petitioners were entitled to a fair and reasonable price for their shares, but
that the requirements that were necessary to ensure that the petitioners would
be given a fair and reasonable price varied, depending on the facts in each
case. In the present case, in view of the limited scope of the information
provided for in the revised offer by the first respondent, the revised offer
was clearly not enough to meet the concerns of the petitioners. For example,
while the expert was permitted to take into account the amount of $257.8m paid
by the first respondent as subscription money for the new shares, the expert
was precluded by the terms of the offer from giving reasons for his valuation;
and the petitioners thus had no way of knowing whether he had in fact done so.
The issue was not whether the expert knew that he had taken this amount into
consideration but whether the petitioners knew on the information available to
them whether all their requirements had been met in the valuation of the
shares. Further, the petitioners had asked that the valuation be conducted on
the basis that the transfer of shares to the first respondent had been
wrongfully allotted and on the basis that the company’s investment in
Interstitial’s preference shares be valued as if Interstitial had never
existed. The offer did not take these matters into account.

On the appropriate framework to be applied in considering the striking-out
application

127 Having examined the above caselaw, I wish to make it clear, first of all,
that I reject the second to fourth Defendants’ proposed three-stage framework
(see above at [92]). The second to fourth Defendants’ framing of their
proposed Stage 3 (ie, whether the Court is able to utilise its tools and
procedures to resolve any impediment to the petitioner’s acceptance of the
offer) amounts in effect to over-liberalising the court’s approach to striking
out claims for minority oppression, which would be acutely at odds with the
high threshold for O 18 r 19 applications and the judicial recognition that
striking out is a draconian practice. As Lord Hoffmann made clear in O’Neill,
and as our Singapore courts too have held in cases such as Lim Swee Khiang and
Lim Chee Twang, the crux of the matter is that where a reasonable buy-out
offer is made to a minority shareholder, and that offer would give the
minority shareholder all that he could reasonably expect to obtain from a
minority oppression claim, then that offer should generally be accepted. To
bring a minority oppression claim in those circumstances would amount to an
abuse of process because the relief sought in the proceedings would have been
obtained had the offer been accepted. In this context, it is not the role of
the court to wade into the fray and to “utilise its tools and procedures to
resolve any impediment to the petitioner’s acceptance of the offer”. For one,
any buyout offer is essentially a contract between the parties – and it is
trite law that parties are free to contract as they see fit. It is not the
role of the court to grease the wheels of contractual negotiation in a buyout
offer.

128 Further, I have serious reservations as to the legal basis on which the
court should “utilise its tools and procedures to remove any impediments to
the petitioner accepting the offer”. In this regard, the second to fourth
Defendants have sought to rely on the words of Morritt LJ in North Holdings at
639g:

Like Aldous LJ I would emphasise the need, in all such cases, for active case
management at an early stage so as to reduce the time and expense involved in
ascertaining the fair price to be paid for the petitioner’s shares. Where the
issue is the basis of the valuation then the identification of the problem and
the trial of a preliminary issue directed to it should remove that obstacle to
an agreement. Where the issue is the identity of the valuer the problem often
arises because the person suggested in the articles or by the majority
shareholder is the auditor. If the issue arises from the accounting treatment
accorded to certain items then prima facie the auditor would not be a suitable
person to carry out the valuation. But more often the objection arises from
the belief of the minority shareholder that the auditor will feel beholden to
the majority shareholders. In such cases the obstacle may be removed by the
court itself appointing an expert to value the shares; in suitable cases the
expert may be the auditor, but acting on appointment by the court rather than
by the parties.

[emphasis in bold]

129 In similar vein (so the second to fourth Defendants say), within the
framework of the Rules of Court 2014, O 33 rr 2 and 3 may be used by the court
to determine the preliminary issue of the valuation of shares, rather than
having a full trial on liability followed by an assessment of damages
thereafter. What the second to fourth Defendants have overlooked, however, in
citing North Holdings (at 639g), is what Morritt LJ said in the preceding
paragraph (at 639e):

In the past the choice appeared to lie between striking out the petition as an
abuse of the process of the court and allowing it to proceed to a full
hearing. Such hearings were usually long and expensive. The problems were
considered in depth by the Law Commission in their report Shareholders
Remedies (Law Com No 246) presented to Parliament in October 1997. They
pointed out in Ch 2 the need for active case management in cases such as this
and the opportunity for such management to be afforded by the new rules of
civil procedure. This is, so far as I know, the first appeal concerning a
petition under s 459 to come to this court since the introduction of the Civil
Procedure Rules 1998, SI 1998/3132.

[emphasis in bold]

130 The Civil Procedure Rules 1998, SI 1998/3132 (“CPR 1998”) replaced the UK
Rules of Supreme Court 1965 (on which our Rules of Court 2014 is based: see
Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd v PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK [2015] 4
SLR 625 at [34]). Here, the CPR 1998 has more in common with the new Rules of
Court 2021 in that it expressly states:

1.1—(1) These Rules are a new procedural code with the overriding objective of
enabling the court to deal with cases justly.

(2) Dealing with a case justly includes, so far as is practicable—

(a) ensuring that the parties are on an equal footing;

(b) saving expense;

(c) dealing with the case in ways which are proportionate—

(i) to the amount of money involved;

(ii) to the importance of the case;

(iii) to the complexity of the issues; and

(iv) to the financial position of each party;

(d) ensuring that it is dealt with expeditiously and fairly; and

(e) allotting to it an appropriate share of the court’s resources, while
taking into account the need to allot resources to other cases.

1.2 The court must seek to give effect to the overriding objective when it—

(a) exercises any power given to it by the Rules; or

(b) interprets any rule.

…

1.4—(1) The court must further the overriding objective by actively managing
cases.

(2) Active case management includes —

(a) encouraging the parties to co-operate with each other in the conduct of
the proceedings;

(b) identifying the issues at an early stage;

(c) deciding promptly which issues need full investigation and trial and
accordingly disposing summarily of the others;

(d) deciding the order in which issues are to be resolved;

(e) encouraging the parties to use an alternative dispute resolution(GL)
procedure if the court considers that appropriate and facilitating the use of
such procedure;

(f) helping the parties to settle the whole or part of the case;

(g) fixing timetables or otherwise controlling the progress of the case;

(h) considering whether the likely benefits of taking a particular step
justify the cost of taking it;

(i)dealing with as many aspects of the case as it can on the same occasion;

(j) dealing with the case without the parties needing to attend at court;

(k) making use of technology; and

(l) giving directions to ensure that the trial of a case proceeds quickly and
efficiently.

[emphasis in bold]

131 It is clear that under the CPR 1998, the court must have a hand in
actively managing cases. Morritt J’s remarks must be read in that context –
that given the change to the civil procedure rules in the UK, the court was
empowered to actively manage cases, and could, to that end, make orders in an
unfair prejudice petition to remove obstacles to an agreement between parties
for the valuation and buyout of the shares. In contrast, under the Rules of
Court 2014, there is no similar provision empowering the court to actively
manage cases in such a manner (for the purposes of the present judgement, I do
not find it necessary to discuss whether the court’s powers under the Rules of
Court 2021 extend to making orders in minority oppression proceedings “to
remove any impediments to the petitioner accepting the [buyout] offer”).

132 For completeness, I also examine the principles in relation to O 33 r 2;
specifically, whether they afford the court the power to “remove any
impediments” to the plaintiff in a minority oppression suit accepting a buyout
offer by, inter alia, ordering a preliminary trial of the valuation of shares.
This point was raised by counsel for the first defendant, who sought and
obtained leave to make short submissions to assist the court, on the basis
that the first defendant – though not a party to the striking-out application
per se – was nevertheless an interested party.

133 It is trite that O 33 r 2 is a power-conferring provision, and in deciding
whether this power should be exercised, the only question the court has to
consider is whether substantial time and expenditure would be saved in respect
of the trial of the action as a whole if it is exercised: ACB v Thomson
Medical Pte Ltd and ors [2017] 1 SLR 918 at [22], citing Federal Insurance Co
v Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd [1991] 2 SLR(R) 982 at [25]. It is therefore
clear that the court’s power under O 33 r 2 is meant to be exercised with a
view towards saving time and expense at the trial itself. It is not designed
as a tool for the court to remove any impediments which stand in a way of a
minority shareholder accepting a buyout offer, especially absent any provision
in the Rules of Court 2014 which are comparable to Rules 1.1 and 1.4 of the
CPR 1998. I would add that even if it were open to me to exercise my power
under O 33 r 2 in the manner suggested by the first defendant, I would decline
to do so, as it is unclear whether ordering a preliminary trial of the
valuation of the shares will save substantial time and expenditure.

134 Ultimately, the reason why the rejection of a reasonable buyout offer
constitutes an abuse of process is because such an offer – if it gives the
plaintiff all he could reasonably expect to obtain upon succeeding at trial –
renders the suit completely unnecessary. Otherwise, the presence of a
reasonable buyout offer per se is not inherently anathema to the plaintiff’s
continued prosecution of his action. A close examination and comparison of
what the plaintiff would receive under the buyout offer versus the reliefs
sought in the suit should be undertaken so as to determine whether the buyout
offer renders the suit completely unnecessary.

135 Having considered the existing authorities, I am of the view that in
determining whether a minority oppression claim should be struck out where a
buyout offer has been made, it will be helpful to adopt the following
framework:

(a) Stage 1: Is the offer presented a “reasonable offer”, taking into account
Lord Hoffman’s guidelines in O’Neill v Phillips? This is a logical starting
point – the offer must have been a reasonable one such that the plaintiff
could be expected to accept it.

(b) Stage 2: If the offer is a reasonable one, was the plaintiff justified in
rejecting that offer and choosing to seek relief by bringing a claim for
minority oppression? Here, one key consideration is whether the offer
encompasses all the reliefs sought in the plaintiff ’s claim. To determine
this, close attention must be paid to the reliefs sought and what the
plaintiff can reasonably expect to obtain at trial. If the buyout offer
contains all the reliefs which the plaintiff can reasonably expect to obtain
at trial, then the striking out of his action would be appropriate, on the
basis that the continued prosecution of his action serves no useful purpose
and is an abuse of process (Chee Siok Chin at [34(c)]). A related
consideration at this stage is whether there are any disputed issues which are
more appropriately determined by the court. In approaching Stage 2 in the
present case, it is also appropriate – for the purposes of determining whether
Mr Kroll’s action should be struck out – to assume that the allegations he has
pleaded will be established. As the English CA pointed out in North Holdings
(at 635e–f), at such an early stage of proceedings, there will not yet have
been any findings of fact made by the court vis-à-vis the plaintiff’s
allegations of oppressive conduct; and it “is proper to assume that the
pleaded allegations will be established”.

The offer is a reasonable offer under the O’Neill guidelines

136 Applying the above framework, I accept that the Buyout Offer appears to be
a reasonable one per the O’Neill guidelines. First, the offer is for the
purchase of shares at fair value – having expressly provided no minority
discount (see Tan Eck Hong) and provided for the 7.67% shareholding that Mr
Kroll claims to be entitled to. Second, a set of criteria has been set for the
joint appointment of a suitably qualified assessor. Third, provision has been
made for the date of valuation and for parties to propose factors and matters
which could affect the valuation (see Robinson). Fourth, provision has also
been made for parties to have equal access to documents and information and to
make submissions to the assessor. Lastly, the Buyout Offer has considered the
question of the costs of the assessor and assessment process as well as the
legal costs in the Suit (see Tan Eck Hong; O’Neill).

No finding of abuse of process

137 While I accept that the Buyout Offer is reasonable in that it meets the
O’Neill guidelines, I am of the view that striking out is not warranted in the
present case. I explain.

138 First, I do not find that the Buyout Offer has dealt with all issues in
dispute in Suit 915, such that it results in there being no useful purpose
served by Mr Kroll continuing with his claim (see Chee Siok Chin at [34(c)]).
For one, a reason (among several) given by Mr Kroll for rejecting the Buyout
Offer is that it excludes the USD 180 million valuation of CTX. The dispute
between the parties as to whether CTX has been rightly valued at USD 180
million as of May 2021 is one which has not been addressed in the buyout
offer. In Mr Kroll’s pleadings, he takes issue with what he claims to be
differing valuations of CTX at different times, whereas Mr Wong alleges in his
Defence and Counterclaim that the valuation at USD 180 million arose from the
valuation benchmark agreed on in the ARIA, which came into being only after
and as a result of the 30 April 2021 EGM (see above at [41]–[42]). I do not
think that the invitation in the Buyout Offer to propose post-value
adjustments suffices to resolve this issue, because the Buyout Offer sets the
date of valuation at 30 April 2021, thereby precluding any discussion of
whether the USD180 million valuation may still be adopted during the valuation
process. Nor am I persuaded by the second to fourth Defendants’ assertion that
the assessor will be free to consider the USD180 million figure as the
appropriate valuation benchmark, given that the Buyout Offer sets the
valuation date at 30 April 2021, and the USD 180 million valuation is said by
the second to fourth Defendants to arise from developments after 30 April
2021.

139 I note that the second to fourth Defendants have sought to explain the 30
April 2021 valuation date stated in the Buyout Order on the basis that this
was the date of the EGM at which resolutions were passed, leading to the
dilution of Mr Kroll’s shareholding. However, this explanation seeks unfairly
to telescope Mr Kroll’s complaints of oppressive conduct into one single event
– viz, the 30 April 2021 EGM – when in fact, an examination of his pleadings
reveal that his complaints range far beyond the EGM and the resolutions that
led to his share dilution. From Mr Kroll’s SOC, it is evident that the
oppressive conduct he complains of started before 30 April 2021.

140 Thus, for example, Mr Kroll has charged 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 57(a).

that the second defendant Mr Wong and the fourth defendant Ms Hong – both of
whom he alleges were shadow directors of CTX at all material times – caused
CTX to enter into “questionable contracts involving large sums of money”
sometime in 2019 that benefited a company named Zeepson Technology of which Ms
Hong was the founder, CEO and / or majority shareholder. In oral submissions,
counsel for Mr Kroll described this as “self-dealing” by the second to fourth
Defendants which contributed to running down the company’s funds. Mr Kroll
also pleads that around the same period, Mr Wong and Ms Hong caused CTX to
enter into “questionable contracts involving large sums of money” with another
company named Saibotan, in which another CTX shareholder Mr Yang was a
director. Large sums totalling more than SGD 3 million – accounting for
approximately 35% of CTX’s paid-up capital – were paid out to Zeepson and
Saibotan pursuant to these contracts. Mr Kroll further pleads that around
April 2021, he was informed by Mr Wong and Ms Hong of alleged “problems”
between Xiamen Anne (then a shareholder of CTX) and Chinese security
regulators which necessitated CTX having to “automatically buy back” all of
Xiamen Anne shares for SGD 10 million. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

SOC (Amendment no. 1) at para 63.

At this time, Mr Kroll was told by Mr Wong and Ms Hong that CTX was
“insolvent”, that CTX faced “numerous cashflow difficulties”, and that CTX
needed to “clear the deck” of existing shareholders “failing which [it] would
be shut down”. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

SOC (Amendment no. 1) at para 63.

It was in these circumstances that Mr Wong and Ms Hong “pressured” Mr Kroll
“to exit CTX at a low price. Mr Kroll was given two options, both of which
involved his exiting CTX, and was told that he had to relinquish his
shareholding before the new investor “found” by Mr Wong and Ms Hong – ie, Dr
Bai – would agree to inject funds into the company. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

SOC (Amendment no. 1) at para 65.

When Mr Kroll declined to take up either of the two options given to him, he
was shortly thereafter given one day’s notice of an EGM on 30 April 2021. On
the same day, CTX’s ACRA records were also amended so as to reflect inter alia
Mr Wong’s shareholding at 51.9% (with Mr Kroll at 7.67%). The shareholdings of
two erstwhile directors Mr Chong and Ms Chan were removed and reduced
respectively, while Dr Bai and his company Asia Green Fund were concurrently
introduced as new shareholders holding a combined 24.5% of CTX’s shares. These
“carefully-timed” amendments to CTX’s ACRA records “provided Mr Wong with
majority voting rights at the upcoming 30 April EGM”. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

SOC (Amendment no. 1) at paras 68 - 69.

They also entitled Dr Bai and Asia Green Fund to attend and vote at the 30
April 2021 EGM (though in the end, neither voted at the EGM).

141 Reading Mr Kroll’s SOC as a whole, therefore, his complaints about the
oppression of his minority interest encompass events and conduct stretching
back beyond 30 April 2021. There is some merit in his submission that the
valuation must take into account disputed issues pre-dating the 30 April 2021
EGM. The Buyout Offer does not address this aspect of Mr Kroll’s claim at all.

142 Insofar as the second to fourth Defendants have tried to suggest that any
such gaps would be addressed by the appointed assessor making “post-value
adjustments”, no coherent explanation has been proffered as to how the
assessor may go about making such adjustments to account for the pre-30 April
2021 instances of allegedly oppressive conduct. In any event, I am of the view
that these allegations of oppressive conduct raise issues of mixed fact and
law that are far more suitably determined by the court, rather than by an
appointed assessor. The allegations relating to Zeepson, Saibotan and Xiamen
Anne are essentially allegations about Mr Wong and Ms Hong running down CTX’s
funds prior to their claims about CTX’s alleged “insolvency” and “cashflow
difficulties” and their attempts to “pressure” Mr Kroll to exit the company at
a low price. To borrow the words of HHJ Cooke in Harborne Road Nominees, it
would not be just in this situation to require Mr Kroll to accept a price for
his shares determined by an assessor without an authoritative determination of
his claims: the assessor can only express an opinion whether the value given
to the potential claims in the company's accounts is appropriate, or what
effect the existence of the disputed claims may have on the price an
arm's-length purchaser will be prepared to pay for the shares. Neither of
these options is likely to give Mr Kroll anything like the benefit he will
receive if the dispute were resolved in his favour and the breaches made good
or fully allowed for in the purchase price.

143 Finally, I also find that there is some merit in Mr Kroll’s argument that
pending the completion of the discovery process in this suit, he possesses
insufficient information to consider the Buyout Offer in a meaningful manner.
Mr Kroll had earlier sought documents relating to the SGD 10 million
repurchase of shares from Xiamen Anne. At the hearing, his counsel informed me
that the Defendants had so far declined to produce these documents on grounds
that they were confidential, and that nonetheless, having regard to parties’
discovery obligations in the litigation process, Mr Kroll expected these
documents to surface during the discovery process. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Transcript 5 July 2022 at p 77 lines 1 – 5.

The defendants’ alternative arguments do not successfully make out grounds for
the finding of an abuse of process

144 Although the second to fourth Defendants’ submissions in the striking-out
application focused on Mr Kroll’s alleged abuse of process in maintaining Suit
915 in the face of the Buyout Order, in the course of the hearing before me,
arguments were put forward in which the defendants appeared to take the
position that even leaving aside the Buyout Order, Mr Kroll was in abuse of
process because Suit 915 had been commenced – and was being maintained – for
some ulterior or improper purpose or in an improper way” (Chee Siok Chin at
[34]; see above at [66]). According to the second to fourth Defendants, Mr
Kroll’s conduct demonstrates that he is merely using the suit for the
collateral purpose of pressuring the defendants into agreeing to a buy-out of
his shares at a highly inflated price.

145 I do not find that the evidence before me shows Mr Kroll to have commenced
proceedings out of any ulterior motive or collateral purpose. The defendants
have pointed to certain examples of Mr Kroll’s conduct as being indicative of
his intention to use the proceedings as leverage to threaten and/or seek to
embarrass or scandalise the defendants (see above at [72]). However, the
second to fourth Defendants’ claims based on these examples seem somewhat
speculative – even fanciful.

146 Thus, for example, there is no basis to suggest that the filing of a
generally-endorsed Writ of Summons or Mr Kroll’s delay in filing his SOC is a
“scare tactic”. As stated in Mr Kroll’s affidavit, the request for an
extension of time to file the SOC arose because parties had been engaged in
without-prejudice settlement correspondence/discussions. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 49.

While the second to fourth Defendants contend that Mr Kroll did not actually
wish to proceed with the suit, this is contradicted by the fact that he has
since filed his SOC and has shown every sign of wishing to proceed with the
suit.

147 To sum up: in respect of prayer 1 of SUM 1507, the second to the fourth
defendants have failed to satisfy me that this is a plain and obvious case for
striking out the Statement of Claim in its entirety. I address next their
alternative prayers for the striking out of paragraphs 57 to 59 and paragraphs
55 to 56 of the statement of claim.

Prayer 2: Whether the Zeepson and Saibotan Pleadings should be struck out

The parties’ respective positions

148 I first address paragraphs 57 to 59 of the Statement of Claim. These are
what I earlier alluded to as the “Zeepson and Saibotan Pleadings”. In his
affidavit, Dr Bai states that the amounts paid out by CTX correspond (subject
to exchange rate differences) to the sums contracted for with Zeepson and
Saibotan. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at paras 98–100 and pp 430–526.

Dr Bai also claims that there is no link between Mr Kroll’s allegation of
overpayment on these contracts and his claim of oppression by virtue of the
share dilution. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 101.

According to Dr Bai, even if one were to pitch Mr Kroll’s case at its highest,
any alleged overpayment and opaque dealings vis-à-vis the Zeepson and Saibotan
contracts would amount to corporate wrongs and not wrongs against any
individual shareholder of CTX. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Dr Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 102.

149 In his reply affidavit, Mr Kroll states that the injury occasioned is
“instructive” of how the second to fourth defendants had “managed the affairs
of CTX in an opaque and commercially unfair manner…coupled with the dire
financial situation of CTX in the lead up to [his] disputed dilution of [his]
shareholding on 30 April 2021.” 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 52.

150 Mr Kroll argues that O 18 r 19(1)(a) does not apply to the Zeepson and
Saibotan pleadings. On a legal basis, these pleadings are of material facts –
specifically, the second and fourth defendants’ opaque contractual dealings
pertaining to the oppression of the plaintiff, to benefit their self-interests
in a way grossly commercially unfair to the plaintiff as a minority
shareholder. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 69(a).

On a factual basis, the email correspondence from Mr Chong dated 1 January
2021 indicates potential mismanagement or misappropriation of substantial
funds in a self-serving manner, which reinforces the need for the second to
fourth defendants’ position to be tested at trial. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 69(b).

151 Mr Kroll also argues that Order 18 r 19(1)(b) does not apply to the
Zeepson and Saibotan pleadings. These pleadings pertain to relevant facts as
they pertain to the oppression of his minority interests vis-à-vis the
transfers of 35% of CTX’s paid-up capital at that time. These pleadings are
also not obviously unsustainable as they are supported by documentary
evidence, such as Mr Chong’s email dated 1 January 2021 and audio recordings
of the inconsistent and vague explanations provided by the second to fourth
defendants. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 70–71.

152 Mr Kroll also submits that Order 18 r 19(1)(c) does not apply to the
Zeepson and Saibotan pleadings as they do not prejudice, embarrass or delay
the fair trial of Suit 915. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 72.

Nor does Order 18 r 19(1)(d) apply to the Zeepson and Saibotan pleadings as
they do not amount to an abuse of the process of the court, applying the test
set out in Chee Siok Chin (at [34]). 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 73.

153 The second to fourth Defendants, on the other hand, submit that the
Zeepson and Saibotan pleadings are factually unsustainable as the documentary
evidence shows that there was no overpayment to Zeepson and Saibotan . 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 189 – 192.

Moreover, as Mr Kroll was only a shareholder when the contracts were entered
into, there was no basis for the transactions to be disclosed to him. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 195–198.

At its highest, the issue of the Zeepson and Saibotan contracts is a corporate
wrong. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 199.

Further, Mr Kroll had been made aware of the matter through Mr Chong’s 1
January 2021 email, but he had chosen to do nothing at that juncture. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 201–202.

My decision on Prayer 2

154 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I find no basis for granting
the striking-out sought under prayer 2 of SUM 1507. The Zeepson and Saibotan
pleadings are factually and legally sustainable, and form part of Mr Kroll’s
case of oppression of his minority interest.

The Zeepson and Saibotan pleadings are not factually unsustainable

155 In my view, the second to fourth Defendants’ contention that the Zeepson
and Saibotan pleadings are factually unsustainable is premised on a narrow and
pedantic reading of these pleadings. As I noted earlier, Mr Kroll’s complaint
in paragraphs 57 to 59 of the Statement of Claim is that Mr Wong and Ms Hong
caused CTX to enter into “questionable contracts involving large sums of
money” which – as his counsel put it in oral submissions – contributed towards
running down the funds of the company. As pleaded by Mr Kroll, large sums
totalling more than SGD 3 million – accounting for approximately 35% of CTX’s
paid-up capital – were paid out to Zeepson and Saibotan pursuant to these
contracts. Moreover, the Zeepson contracts benefited a company of which Ms
Hong – allegedly a shadow director of CTX – was the founder, CEO and / or
majority shareholder.

156 Viewed in this light, it is not plain and obvious to me that what is
pleaded is factually unsustainable. The second to fourth Defendants say that
Mr Kroll has alleged overpayment; and in this connection, they point to the
fact that the Zeepson and Saibotan contractual documents have already been
disclosed, and that these contractual documents show there was no overpayment
made. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 189; Dr Bai Bo’s
affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at pp 430–571.

However, Mr Kroll’s complaint is that Zeepson and Saibotan were paid in excess
of the contract sums. Absent any documentary evidence of payments made to
Zeepson and Saibotan which correlate to the sums stated in the contracts, I
see no basis for concluding that Mr Kroll’s claims are so factually
unsustainable that they ought to be struck out at this stage. I should add
that even if there were some evidence available at this interlocutory stage
which appears to contradict Mr Kroll’s case, it is not for the court at this
stage to engage in assessing the weight of the evidence available: that is a
task which strictly belongs to the trial judge (see Bunga Melati at [44]–[45],
[52]).

The Zeepson and Saibotan pleadings are not legally unsustainable

157 The second to fourth Defendants submit that no legal basis has been
pleaded as to why Mr Kroll, as a minority shareholder, should have
legitimately expected to be contemporaneously informed of the transactions
between CTX and Zeepson and/or Saibotan. Again, I find this an unduly narrow
and pedantic characterization of the pleadings. In fact, Mr Kroll avers in his
SOC that his legitimate expectations include (inter alia) the proper
administration of CTX’s affairs. While he mentions that “none of these
transactions were disclosed to [him] at the material time”, 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 59.

I do not think that the SOC specifically alludes to “a right, qua shareholder,
to expect to be updated on CTX’s multiple transactions contemporaneously”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 197.

The Zeeptson and Saibotan pleadings do not appear to be allegations of
corporate wrongs per se

(A) The law on minority oppression

158 Mr Kroll’s claim was brought under s 216 of the CA, which provides for
personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice. S 216(1) CA provides
that:

216.—(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of a
declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

159 The starting point of shareholder litigation is the proper plaintiff rule
(see Foss v Harbottle [1843] 2 Hare 461 (“Foss v Harbottle”); Leong Chee Kin
(on behalf of himself and as a minority shareholder of Ideal Design Studio Pte
Ltd) v Ideal Design Studio Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 331 (“Ideal
Design”) 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

PLOA at Tab 7.

at [81]). Essentially, as the company is a separate legal person in its own
right, a shareholder has no standing to bring proceedings where wrongs to the
company are concerned. The other side of the proper plaintiff rule is the bar
on recovering reflective loss (“the no reflective loss principle”), where a a
person may not initiate an action to recover a loss which he has suffered by
virtue of a diminution in the value of his shares in a company which merely
reflects the company’s own loss and for which the company can be made whole if
it were to pursue its rights against the party responsible for that loss
(Ideal Design at [82]). Taken together, the proper plaintiff rule and the
reflective loss principle establish a delineation between personal and
corporate rights. In essence, a breach of a right vested in a shareholder
should be vindicated at the suit of the shareholder, while a breach of a right
vested in the company should be vindicated at the suit of the company (Ideal
Design at [83]).

160 It is against the backdrop of this delineation between corporate and
personal rights that the statutory regime of s 216 CA should be considered. S
216 CA is a mechanism by which shareholders can bring proceedings for personal
wrongs. The rationale for limiting the application of s 216 CA to personal
wrongs was laid out in Ng Kek Wee v Sim City Technology Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 723
(“Ng Kek Wee”) 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

DLOA at Tab 20.

at [65]:

Allowing an essentially corporate claim to be pursued under s 216 of the
Companies Act would be an abuse of process as it amounts to an improper
circumvention of the proper plaintiff principle which, far from being a
legalistic procedural obstacle, is the consequence of the fundamental doctrine
of separation of legal personality that underpins company law. Where a wrong
has been done to the company, the interests of other shareholders of the
company as well as the company’s creditors will have been similarly affected.
The claimant shareholder should not be allowed to proceed by way of a personal
action and recover at the expense of these other similarly affected parties.

[emphasis in bold]

161 As such, a shareholder’s attempt to use s 216 CA to vindicate a right
vested in the company can be considered an abuse of process (Ideal Design at
[83]). That being said, recognizing that the distinction between personal and
corporate wrongs is not always clear, the Court of Appeal in Ho Yew Kong v
Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Ho
Yew Kong”) 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

PLOA at Tab 6; DLOA at Tab 12.

held that where a s 216 oppression action features both personal wrongs and
corporate wrongs, the following framework is to be applied to ascertain
whether the claim is an abuse of process (at [116]):

(a) Injury

(i) What is the real injury that the plaintiff seeks to vindicate?

(ii) Is that injury distinct from the injury to the company and does it amount
to commercial unfairness against the plaintiff?

(b) Remedy

(i) What is the essential remedy that is being sought and is it a remedy that
meaningfully vindicates the real injury that the plaintiff has suffered?

(ii) Is it a remedy that can only be obtained under s 216?

162 In Ho Yew Kong, the oppression claims brought by Sakae pertained to
personal wrongs. The real injury the plaintiff sought to vindicate was the
injury to its investment in the joint venture and the breach of its legitimate
expectations as to how the company’s affairs and its financial investment
would be managed. The court reasoned at [127]:

127 While the aforesaid conduct also constituted a wrong against the Company
in the sense that assets belonging to the Company were misappropriated at Andy
Ong’s initiative, it separately amounted to a distinct personal wrong against
Sakae, a minority shareholder who had let Andy Ong and his team manage the
Company’s affairs because of the long-standing friendship between Andy Ong and
Foo, the chairman of Sakae’s board. Andy Ong knew that Foo (and by extension,
Sakae) trusted him and deliberately took advantage of that trust, using the
Company as a vehicle through which he cheated Sakae. The result of this was
that there were systemic abuses which benefitted one group of shareholders
(namely, GREIC and, subsequently, ERC Holdings as well, both of which were
controlled by Andy Ong at the material time) at the expense of the other
(namely, Sakae)… these transactions taken together, coupled with the systemic
nature of Andy Ong’s abuse, occasioned serious commercial unfairness to Sakae.

163 Sakae’s desired remedy of exiting the joint venture agreement, which was
only available under s 216 CA, offered the only way in which it could
vindicate the real injury it had suffered (Ho Yew Kong at [124], [125],
[128]).

164 Applying the Ho Yew Kong framework, I am of the view that Mr Kroll has a
legal basis for claiming that a real and distinct injury has arisen. In
written submissions, counsel for Mr Kroll relies on the case of Ho Yew Kong to
argue that while the Zeepson and Saibotan payments are a wrong to CTX, they
are also a distinct wrong against Mr Kroll, as the misappropriation of sums
from CTX without Mr Kroll’s knowledge constituted a breach of his legitimate
expectation that the company’s funds would not be mismanaged. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 69(a)(ii)(1).

It is also submitted that these payments were part of multiple instances of
abuse by the second to fourth Defendants which occasioned commercial
unfairness to Mr Kroll. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at para 69(a)(ii)(3).

165 Reading the Zeepson and Saibotan pleadings in the context of the Statement
of Claim as a whole, I understand them to form an integral part of Mr Kroll’s
case on minority oppression. As I understand it, Mr Kroll’s complaint is not
merely that his shareholding was diluted at the 30 April 2021 EGM. Mr Kroll
claims that prior to 30 April 2021, the Defendants – specifically, Mr Wong and
Ms Hong – had been running CTX as they pleased in an “opaque” manner; that in
running CTX as they pleased, they had substantially depleted CTX’s funds with
costly “questionable” transactions (the multi-million dollar payments to
Zeepson and Saibotan, and later, the SGD 10 million “buy-back” of Xiamen
Anne’s shares); that having brought about these “questionable” transactions,
they had then sought to “pressure” him to exit the company at a “low price” by
telling him that the company was “insolvent” and that its intended saviour Dr
Bai would only inject new funds if he (Mr Kroll) left; and that when he
refused the options they gave him for exiting the company, they had taken
steps to dilute his shares at the 30 April 2021 EGM.

166 In sum, therefore, I do not find that Mr Kroll has failed to plead a
distinct injury to himself qua shareholder. I reject the Defendants’
submission that the Zeepson and Saibotan pleadings merely disclose a corporate
wrong.

167 Further, the essential remedy sought by Mr Kroll, like that sought in Ho
Yew Kong, allows him to exit CTX with minimal loss and to vindicate
meaningfully the injury of a breach of his legitimate expectations. This is
not a case where, assuming counsel for Mr Kroll successfully makes out the
arguments it alludes to in its written submissions (see above at [164]), Mr
Kroll would not be entitled to the remedy of a buyout of his shares or a
winding-up. As the action is not plainly or obviously unsustainable, the
ground for striking out under O 18 r 19(b) has not been made out.

168 That said, paragraphs 57 to 59 of the Statement of Claim are currently
drafted in a rather clumsy manner. For example, the description which counsel
applied to the Zeepson and Saibotan contracts during oral submissions –viz,
transactions which ran down the company’s funds – is not specifically pleaded
(though paragraph 58 does plead the material facts relating to the allegedly
disproportionate amounts paid). As another example, while paragraph 57
expressly refers to the contracts having “benefitted companies linked to Ms
Hong and Mr Yang” and while counsel characterised these contracts as instances
of “self-dealing” by the Defendants, it is not clear why the contracts with
Saibotan – of which Mr Yang is a director – would amount to “self-dealing” by
the Defendants.

169 I do not think the flaws in the pleadings are so irretrievably grave as to
warrant striking-out at this juncture; and since counsel for Mr Kroll have
indicated in their letter of 8 July 2022 that they are prepared to apply for
leave to amend their pleadings, I will leave them to do the necessary in light
of the comments I have made in this judgement.

Prayer 3: The MAS Form 11 Forgery Pleadings

The parties’ respective positions

170 The second to fourth Defendants’ position is that there is no link between
this allegation of forgery and Mr Kroll’s claim for oppression, 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 104.

and that at its highest, the allegation pertains to a corporate wrong and not
a wrong against any individual shareholder of CTX. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 18 April 2022 at para 105.

In response, Mr Kroll states that the injury occasioned by the second
defendant’s conduct has “directly and personally exposed [him] to have made a
false declaration to the regulator”. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 53.

In reply, the second to fourth Defendants maintain that even if the allegation
(which is denied by Mr Wong) were true, it has no correlation to money or
monies’ worth. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Bai Bo’s affidavit filed 30 May 2022 at para 44.

My decision on Prayer 3

171 It is important to point out that the “forgery” complained of by Mr Kroll
relates to Mr Wong having appended Mr Kroll’s digital signature to the MAS
Form 11 without the former’s prior knowledge. However, as counsel conceded in
the course of the hearing, this is not a case where Mr Kroll is saying that he
never agreed to be appointed as director and / or had no idea a Form 11 would
be submitted to MAS for this purpose. Indeed, per paragraph 57 of the
Statement of Claim, Mr Kroll does not deny that at the time the MAS Form 11
was submitted, he had already agreed to be a director of CTX.

172 At the end of the day, even assuming the facts constituting the alleged
“forgery” are all made out, I do not see how these facts would establish – or
relate to – a case of oppression of Mr Kroll’s minority interest. In his
affidavit, Mr Kroll has put forward the hitherto unpleaded assertion that Mr
Wong’s actions “directly and personally exposed” him (Mr Kroll) to “have made
a false declaration to the regulator”. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Daniel Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 53.

I do not see how this belated assertion helps his case. Even if it is true
that Mr Wong’s actions have somehow exposed Mr Kroll to the risk of having
“made a false declaration to the regulator”, I do not see – and Mr Kroll has
not explained – how this constitutes oppression of his interest as a minority
shareholder.

173 For the above reasons, I agree with the second to fourth Defendants that
the MAS Form 11 Forgery Pleadings are legally unsustainable and should be
struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(b).

Prayers 2 and 3: Attempt to make out O 18 r 19(c)

174 On a final note, the second to fourth Defendants argue at the end of their
submissions that since the Plaintiff has admitted that both the Saibotan and
Zeepson pleadings and the MAS Form 11 Forgery pleadings constitute “evidence”
of the second to fourth Defendants’ disregard of the Plaintiff’s minority
shareholder interest, these pleadings should be struck out on the basis that
they offend O 18 r 7(1): according to the second to fourth Defendants, the
pleading of “evidence” – as opposed to “facts – prejudices, embarrasses and
delays the trial of the action and is beyond the plaintiff’s right. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1507/2022 at paras 214–216; Daniel
Kroll’s affidavit filed 9 May 2022 at para 51.

I find this argument to be contrived and without merit: Mr Kroll’s point
appears simply to be that the pleadings are relevant to his claim in minority
oppression.

Summary of orders made in SUM 1507

175 In summary, the orders I make in SUM 1507 are as follows. Prayer 1, which
seeks the striking-out of the entire Statement of Claim, is dismissed. Prayer
2, which seeks in the alternative the striking-out of paragraphs 57 to 59 of
the Statement of Claim, is dismissed. Prayer 3, which seeks in the alternative
the striking-out of paragraphs 55 to 56 of the Statement of Claim, is allowed:
paragraphs 55 to 56 are to be struck out accordingly. Prayer 4 is allowed: the
plaintiff Mr Kroll is to have 7 working days from today to file and serve the
amended Statement of Claim. I should make it clear that the amendments I refer
to are the deletion of paragraphs 55 and 56. Any other amendments which Mr
Kroll seeks to make to the Statement of Claim should be the subject of an
application for leave to amend.

HC/RA 169/2022

176 I address next RA 169, which is the second to fourth defendants’ appeal
against the SAR’s order that the plaintiff Mr Kroll provide the three of them
with security for costs totalling $70,000 for the period up to the conclusion
of discovery. The second to fourth defendants contend that the quantum of
security ordered is inadequate, and that the appropriate quantum should be
$62,500 for each Defendant (ie, $187,500 in total).

177 The second to fourth Defendants advance the following reasons as to why a
higher quantum for security should be ordered:

(a) The issues within the Suit are factually complex, requiring more time and
costs to address, and to date, it has necessitated significantly and
atypically voluminous pleadings; 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/RA 169/2022 at 7.1.

(b) The next phase of proceedings (general discovery) is likely to be
extensive based on the issues pleaded by Mr Kroll, who also intends to rely on
an unconfirmed number of surreptitiously recorded conversations from December
2020 to May 2021; 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/RA 169/2022 at para 7.2.

(c) The security ordered in relation to the first defendant, CTX, was $40,000,
despite the fact that CTX is merely a nominal party – whereas the second to
fourth defendants are substantive parties and need to address separate cases
notwithstanding the fact that they currently share common counsel; 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/RA 169/2022 at para 7.3.

(d) The present dispute is a complex one which warrants a departure from the
Appendix G guidelines. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/RA 169/2022 at para 10.

178 In response, Mr Kroll argues that the appeal should be dismissed. He
argues that lengthy pleadings are not a helpful factor in deciding the quantum
of security for costs ordered, especially since the SOC (dated 18 March 2022)
was only 47 pages long. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/RA 169/2022 at para 15.

Further, the pleadings are lengthy primarily because the second to fourth
Defendants have each filed an individual defence, despite the high degree of
similarity in their defences. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/RA 169/2022 at para 16.

In addition, it is contended that where there are two (or more) co-defendants,
the general rule is that only one set of costs is normally payable in the
event that both (or all of them) succeed in the action – even if they are
separately represented. The court should therefore not be minded to award any
uplift based on the number of individual defendants. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/RA 169/2022 at para 17.

179 Having considered parties’ submissions, I dismiss the appeal in RA 169.
The crux of the second to fourth defendants’ arguments is that the work done
for the defence of one defendant is very different from the work to be done
for the defence of the other defendants, and that this justifies an order for
security of $62,500 per each defendant. However, as I observed in the course
of the second to fourth Defendants’ oral submissions, an examination of the
pleadings did not actually reveal that the second to fourth defendants had
each taken a “very different” substantive position in their respective
defences. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Transcript 5 July 2022 at p 62, lines 15 – 25.

In respect of Mr Kroll’s complaint of share dilution, all three defendants
take the position that the share dilution was not oppressive because all other
shareholders’ shareholdings were similarly diluted, and the dilution was
necessary to allow CTX to benefit from Dr Bai’s financial rescue package. As
for the pre-30 April 2021 conduct complained of by Mr Kroll (eg, the Zeepson
and Saibotan contracts), Mr Wong and Ms Hong deny any wrongdoing and / or any
oppression of Mr Kroll’s minority interest, while Dr Bai essentially
dissociates himself from the pre-30 April 2021 events.

180 Given the circumstances, I do not see any basis for ordering separate
security of $62,500 per each defendant.

Conclusion

181 I will hear parties on the costs of SUM 1507 and RA 169.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Tan Chee Meng SC, Chang Qi-Yang, Tan Ee Hsien and Thio Li Fong Michelle
Theresa (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff.

Jimmy Yim Wing Kuen SC, Chen Jie’An Jared, Eunice Lau Guan Ting (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the 1st Defendant.

Raeza Khaled Salem Ibrahim, Shannon Yeo Feng Ting, Kimberly Ng Qi Yuet (Salem
Ibrahim LLC) for the 2nd, 3rd and 4th Defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Sep 2022 (12:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

