Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 271

Suit No 1175 of 2019 (Summons No 2752 of 2022)

Between

| Wang Aifeng  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Li Hua  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Bankruptcy effects]

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Permission to continue proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wang Aifeng

  
v

  

Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd and another

[2022] SGHC 271

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1175 of 2019 (Summons No 2752 of
2022)  
Goh Yihan JC  
5 October 2022

1 November 2022

Goh Yihan JC:

1 The plaintiff-applicant, Mr Wang Aifeng, sought permission from the court in
the present application to continue proceedings in High Court Suit No 1175 of
2019 (“Suit 1175”) against the second defendant, Mr Li Hua (“Mr Li”), pursuant
to s 327(1)(c) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020
Rev Ed) (“IRDA”). The first defendant is Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd.
Despite having been served with the relevant documents and hearing details,
both defendants were absent at the hearing before me.

2 At the end of the hearing before me, and having carefully considered the
applicant’s submissions, I granted the applicant permission to continue
proceedings in Suit 1175 against the second defendant. Because there has not
been a reported local decision on how a court is to exercise its discretion to
grant permission under s 327(1)(c) of the IRDA, I now set out the full reasons
for my decision in these grounds.

Background facts

3 By way of background, the first defendant is a company incorporated in
Singapore. It is an investment holding company. It was an approved fund under
the Global Investor Program administered by Contact Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Wang Aifeng exhibited in the affidavit of Poon Chun Wai dated 25
July 2022 (“Mr Wang’s Affidavit”) at para 4.

Thus, investors could invest in the first defendant by subscribing to the
first defendant’s preference shares. The second defendant was a director and
an authorised representative of the first defendant. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Wang’s Affidavit at para 5.

4 The plaintiff’s action in Suit 1175 against the defendants had come about in
the following manner. The plaintiff had invested $1,500,000 in the first
defendant on or about 15 March 2011. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Wang’s Affidavit at para 6.

The plaintiff’s case is that he had invested in the first defendant in
reliance of and being induced by the second defendant’s representations.

5 In particular, the plaintiff alleged that the second defendant had provided
the plaintiff with the terms and conditions for the subscription of preference
shares in the first defendant which were set out in a Private Placement
Memorandum dated 1 February 2009 (the “Memorandum”). The second defendant had
done so at a marketing event held in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China
in 2009. In addition, the plaintiff also alleged that the second defendant had
orally informed him that the terms set out in the Memorandum would govern his
investment and that the investment would be principal-guaranteed (exclusive of
management fee). The second defendant’s representations were allegedly
consistent with the terms of the Memorandum, which, among others, provided
that the plaintiff is entitled to receive the sum of $1,237,500 together with
any investment returns and accrued interest by 15 March 2016. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Wang’s Affidavit at para 6.

6 However, the plaintiff did not receive the promised investment returns. The
defendants later denied that the investments in the first defendant were
principal-guaranteed. The plaintiff therefore brought an action in Suit 1175
against the defendants in misrepresentation and/or unlawful means conspiracy.
The plaintiff alleged that his loss amounted to $1,500,000, which is the
amount of his investment.

7 Importantly for the present application, Suit 1175 was commenced against the
first defendant on 13 November 2019. Mr Li was then added as the second
defendant on 11 May 2020. After a series of interlocutory applications filed
by the parties, both the plaintiff and the defendants were ready for trial by
February 2022. In fact, on 7 April 2022, the Assistant Registrar directed the
parties to exchange their affidavits of evidence-in-chief by 7 June 2022, and
for trial to be fixed for six days in August 2022. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Minute Sheet (Pre-Trial Conference) in HC/S 1175/2019 dated 7 April 2022.

8 However, on 6 May 2022, the second defendant filed a debtor’s bankruptcy
application in High Court Bankruptcy No 1122 of 2022 (“B 1122”). The second
defendant was declared bankrupt on 28 June 2022. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Wang’s Affidavit at para 9.

In light of the second defendant’s bankruptcy, the Registry vacated directions
for trial. On 2 August 2022, Mr Farooq Mann of Mann & Associates PAC was
appointed as the private trustee in bankruptcy of the second defendant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Wang’s Affidavit at para 14.

Finally, on 19 May 2022, a judgment creditor of the defendants filed an
application in CWU 116 of 2022 (“CWU 116”) to wind up the first defendant. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Wang’s Affidavit at para 15.

I had heard that application on 5 August 2022 and ordered the first defendant
to be wound up (see the High Court decision of Song Jianbo v Sunmax Global
Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd [2022] SGHC 229 at [24]).

The applicable law

Overview

9 With the above background in mind, I turned to the applicable law. In this
regard, s 327(1)(c)(ii) of the IRDA (“s 327(1)(c)(ii)”) provides that the
court’s permission is needed for legal proceedings to proceed against a
bankrupt. Section 327(1)(c) of the IRDA provides as follows:

Effect of bankruptcy order

327.—(1) On the making of a bankruptcy order —

…

(c) unless otherwise provided by Parts 3 and 13 to 22 —

(i) no creditor to whom the bankrupt is indebted in respect of any debt
provable in bankruptcy has any remedy against the person or property of the
bankrupt in respect of that debt; and

(ii) no action or proceedings may be proceeded with or commenced against the
bankrupt in respect of that debt,

except by the permission of the Court and in accordance with such terms as the
Court may impose.

10 Section 327(1)(c)(ii) is largely identical with s 76(1)(c)(ii) of the now
repealed Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed). However, despite both
provisions having been part of Singapore law for a considerable period of
time, there has not been a local decision explaining in detail how a court is
to exercise its discretion to grant permission for legal proceedings to
proceed against a bankrupt. As such, I had to consider the policy behind the
need for permission in outlining some relevant factors to guide my exercise of
discretion to grant permission under s 327(1)(c)(ii).

The policy behind the need for permission for legal proceedings to proceed
against a bankrupt

11 I turned first to the policy behind the need to apply for permission for
legal proceedings to proceed against a bankrupt. In this regard, the Court of
Appeal recently had occasion to comment on the purpose of s 327(1)(c) of the
IRDA as follows (see Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and other appeals and
other matters [2021] 2 SLR 584 at [68]):

… The rationale behind the provision is to prevent a scramble of creditors
going after the bankrupt and potentially violating the pari passu principle of
distribution, which is a key pillar of our insolvency regime. That is why the
provision confers on the court the discretion to grant leave, where
appropriate, for such proceedings to continue, and to impose conditions to
manage such litigation. …

[emphasis in original]

12 Moreover, the Court of Appeal in Overseas Union Bank v Lew Keh Lam [1998] 3
SLR(R) 219 also observed (at [35]), albeit in relation to the predecessor
section of s 327(1)(c)(ii) of the IRDA, that is, s 76(1)(c)(ii) of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 1996 Rev Ed), that the purpose of the requirement to
seek permission “was to prevent the liquidator’s or administrator’s task being
made more difficult by a scramble among creditors to raise actions, obtain
decrees or attach assets”. A few years later, the Court of Appeal in Caltong
(Australia) Pty Ltd (formerly known as Tong Tien See Holding (Australia) Pty
Ltd) and another v Tong Tien See Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and
another appeal [2002] 2 SLR(R) 94 similarly stated as follows (at [51]):

This court had in Overseas Union Bank v Lew Keh Lam [1998] 3 SLR(R) 219 stated
that the purpose of s 76(1)(c)(ii) was to prevent the [liquidators’] or
administrator’s task from being made more difficult due to a scramble among
creditors in taking action or obtaining decrees against the debtor or his
assets. The requirement to obtain leave is to ensure that the court could
guard against any inequity on account of such a scramble. …

13 Finally, the District Court in JA v JB [2005] SGDC 104 (“JA v JB”), albeit
in the family law context, also had occasion to observe (at [13]) that s
76(1)(c)(ii) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 1996 Rev Ed) “serves the purposes
of the bankruptcy regime by preventing a multiplicity of actions erupting or
bubbling [as a result of actions] which have been or would be filed by
creditors in the (mistaken) belief that doing so will give them greater
priority amongst all the unsecured creditors when the bankrupt’s assets are
distributed by the Official Assignee”. The learned District Judge went further
to observe (at [13]) that:

Such a multiplicity of actions would waste the resources of the bankrupt’s
estate, distract the Official Assignee from his real task of gathering in and
managing the bankrupt’s assets, and, ultimately, delay the distribution of the
bankrupt’s assets to the creditors. …

14 However, apart from these general statements on the policy behind s
327(1)(c)(ii) and its predecessor provision, there does not appear to have
been any other local decision explaining the relevant factors a court should
consider when deciding whether to grant permission for legal proceedings to
proceed against a bankrupt (see, for example, the High Court decision of Liu
Yanzhe and another v Tan Eu Jin and others [2019] SGHC 67 at [22]). That said,
it is clearly important to bear these general statements in mind when
considering the relevant factors to guide the exercise of discretion to grant
permission under s 327(1)(c)(ii).

15 More importantly, in my respectful view, the lack of a local decision
explaining the relevant factors cannot mean that the discretion under s
327(1)(c)(ii) should be exercised absolutely with no rational basis. I agreed
with V K Rajah JC (as the learned judge then was), who had said in the seminal
High Court decision of Korea Asset Management Corp v Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd
(in liquidation) [2004] 1 SLR(R) 671 (“Korea Asset Management”) that the
discretion (in relation to the grant of permission to continue or commence
proceedings against companies being wound up) “has to be exercised rationally
in the context of the insolvency scheme” (at [45]). However, as the learned
judge noted, it is important in my view to recognise that none of any such
identified factors should be viewed as being decisive alone, nor should the
factors be construed as fetters on the discretion conferred by the statutory
provision (see Korea Asset Management at [46]).

The relevant foreign authorities

16 Given that the principles in Singapore are not well discussed, I also found
it helpful to refer to the foreign jurisprudence stemming from the United
Kingdom (“UK”) and Australia.

17 I begin with the UK position. The analogue to s 327(1)(c)(ii) can be found
under s 285(3)(b) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (the “UK Insolvency
Act”). Section 285(3)(b) provides as follows in the relevant part:

285 Restriction on proceedings and remedies.

(3) After the making of a bankruptcy order no person who is a creditor of the
bankrupt in respect of a debt provable in the bankruptcy shall—

(a) have any remedy against the property or person of the bankrupt in respect
of that debt, or

(b) before the discharge of the bankrupt, commence any action or other legal
proceedings against the bankrupt except with the leave of the court and on
such terms as the court may impose.

…

In a similar fashion, leave of court is required before an action or other
legal proceedings can be commenced against the bankrupt in the UK.

18 The seminal case in England which elucidates the factors relevant to the
grant of leave is Bristol & West Building Society v Trustee of the property of
Back and another (bankrupts) [1998] 1 BCLC 485 (“Bristol & West Building”)
(see David Milman and Peter Bailey, Sealy & Milman: Annotated Guide to the
Insolvency Legislation vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 25th Ed, 2022) at S.285(3),
(4)).

19 In Bristol & West Building, proceedings were commenced against two
undischarged bankrupts for negligence and/or breach of contract and breach of
trust. Leave was then sought to commence proceedings. In determining whether
leave should be granted under s 285(3) of the UK Insolvency Act, the English
High Court laid down the following principles to guide its exercise of
discretion, albeit these factors were described as “not necessarily all
embracing” (at 489):

(a) The court need not investigate the merits of the proposed claim, provided
it is satisfied that it is not clearly unsustainable. An application for leave
may be given if good cause is shown on the merits. By that, the court had in
mind “a serious question to be tried” similar to that required for
interlocutory relief rather than a prima facie case.

(b) There must be no prejudice to the creditors or to the orderly
administration of the bankruptcy if the action is to proceed.

(c) The claim must be of a type which should proceed by action rather than
through the proofing procedure in bankruptcy (see Re Bank of Credit and
Commerce International SA (No 4) [1994] 1 BCLC 419).

(d) Leave is more likely to be granted where there is an insurance company
standing behind the respondent to pay any judgment debt the plaintiff might
obtain. If successful, such an action is unlikely to prejudice the creditors
of the respondent. The section is not designed to protect an insurer.

(e) A condition is often imposed that the plaintiff will not enforce any
judgment against the respondent without the leave of the court. This ensures
that the bankruptcy court retains ultimate control.

(f) Mere delay by itself in applying for leave will not prevent leave from
being granted. Leave is not to be withheld simply and solely as a punishment.

(g) Leave may be granted after the expiry of the relevant period of limitation
to continue an action commenced within the limitation period without the leave
of the court.

20 Leave was granted by the English High Court in Bristol & West Building.
Among other reasons, the court justified its decision to grant leave as such
(at 490):

(a) With regard to the claim for negligence and/or breach of contract, while
the affidavit in support did not provide evidence of causation, this did not
make the proposed claim unsustainable “unless the affidavit is to be treated
as a pleading which it is not” and it remained to be decided at trial.

(b) With regard to the claim for breach of trust, there were issues which
could not be resolved at the leave stage prior to discovery and/or
interrogatories (relating to proof of deliberate conduct to mislead or
withhold information), and such issues would require further investigation and
cannot be ruled out in limine as unsustainable.

(c) The questions of negligence and breach of trust were matters which could
only be resolved by court proceedings and were quite inappropriate to be
decided by way of proof of debt in the bankruptcy proceedings.

(d) The proposed proceedings would be run by the Solicitors Indemnity Fund
(which provides professional indemnity cover) on behalf of the respondents and
will not prejudice the creditors in the bankruptcy proceedings, provided any
judgment obtained against the respondents is not to be enforced without leave
of the bankruptcy court (a condition to which the applicants were willing to
submit).

(e) There was some delay in commencing the proceedings against the respondents
(the transaction occurred some seven years or so ago), which would inevitably
have impaired the memories of the respondents and any other witnesses.
However, the court did not consider that it should preclude the applicants
from bringing the proceedings (commenced within the limitation period) as the
proposed claim did not turn on precise words used but on the general conduct
of the respondents with regard to the particular transaction which was the
subject of documentary evidence.

21 The non-exhaustive list of factors espoused in Bristol & West Building has
since been endorsed in later English decisions without modification (see, for
example, Re Richard Clive Hallows Gallagher v Hallows Associates (a firm no
longer trading) [2020] Lexis Citation 267 at [26]; Avonwick Holdings Ltd v
Castle Investment Fund Ltd [2015] EWHC 3832 (Ch) at [17]; and Re Breytenbach
[2011] Lexis Citation 109 (“Re Breytenbach”) at [26]).

22 In Re Breytenbach, whilst the English Bankruptcy High Court was minded that
there was no need to refer to “any other principles” to assist in determining
whether leave should be granted (other than those in Bristol & West Building),
it also noted that where leave is “not opposed by the bankrupts, their trustee
or their insurers”, then that is also “plainly something to be taken into
account” (at [27]).

23 Having set out the UK position in some detail, I turned next to examine the
Australian position. In Australia, s 58(3)(b) of the Australian Bankruptcy Act
1966 (Cth) (the “Australian Bankruptcy Act”) provides that leave of court is
required to commence any legal proceeding or take any fresh step in such a
proceeding against a bankrupt:

Section 58

Vesting of property upon bankruptcy – general rule

…

(3) Except as provided by this Act, after a debtor has become a bankrupt, it
is not competent for a creditor:

(a) to enforce any remedy against the person or the property of the bankrupt
in respect of a provable debt; or

(b) except with the leave of the Court and on such terms as the Court thinks
fit, to commence any legal proceeding in respect of a provable debt or take
any fresh step in such a proceeding.

24 The Supreme Court of South Australia said in Gertig v Davies (2003) 85 SASR
226 (at [15]) that s 58(3) of the Australian Bankruptcy Act protects a
bankrupt and the property of the bankrupt against the enforcement of remedies
and enables the court to control proceedings in respect of a provable debt in
the light of the objectives of the Act. The policy purpose behind this
provision is therefore similarly to relieve the trustee and the estate of the
costs and time in defending legal proceedings, and where the creditor applies
for leave to commence or continue with proceedings, the court is tasked to
apply a screening process to balance the interests of the creditors and of the
estate (see Michael Murray and Jason Harris, Keay’s Insolvency: Personal and
Corporate Law and Practice (Thomson Reuters, 10th Ed, 2018) at p 171). In this
way, the bankrupt is freed from any claims that might be made in respect of
the period prior to bankruptcy and the trustee in bankruptcy can treat a claim
against the estate like the claim of all other creditors, so that the assets
of the estate are, in due course, divided pro rata among the creditors (see
the Federal Court of Australia decision in 7Steel Building Solutions Pty Ltd v
Wright [2011] FCA 328 (“7Steel Building Solutions”) at [10], citing Re Rose;
Ex parte Devaban Pty Ltd (Unreported, Federal Court of Australia, Hill J, 7
October 1994) (“Re Rose”)).

25 There are a handful of cases in Australia which set out the relevant
principles in a rather decentralised manner on how the court should exercise
its discretion to grant leave, and the principles may be summarised as such:

(a) First, relevant to the exercise of the discretion conferred is whether the
proposed claims are complex (both factually and legally) and whether it may be
preferable for those issues to be resolved at a hearing rather than by way of
a proof of debt (see 7Steel Building Solutions at [12] and [20] citing the
Federal Court of Australia decision in Allanson v Midland Credit Ltd (1977) 30
FLR 108 at 114 (“Allanson v Midland Credit”); see also, the Federal Court of
Australia decision in Stojanovski v Stojanovski [2018] FCA 580 at [9]). For
example, this would be so where the facts are complex as the claim was also
made against other defendants, apart from the bankrupt, who could be jointly
and severally liable, and where some defences would form the basis of a cross-
claim.

(b) Second, leave is more appropriately granted where the proceedings proposed
against the bankrupt would require the involvement of “other parties” and for
the proper conduct of which it may be necessary for the bankrupt to become a
party (see 7Steel Building Solutions at [10]–[11], citing the Federal Court of
Australia decisions in Re Rose; Re Sharp; Ex parte Tietyens Investments Pty
Ltd [1998] FCA 1367; Sturdy Components Pty Ltd v Trustee of the Bankrupt
Estate of Sturt [2000] FCA 884 at [3]; and Done v Financial Wisdom Ltd [2008]
FCA 1706 at [34]–[35]).

(c) Third, the court will consider whether the applicant was seeking to gain
some advantage over the other creditors by commencing proceedings at a certain
time, and whether the trustee in bankruptcy opposes to leave being granted
(see 7Steel Building Solutions at [21]).

(d) Fourth, it is relevant to assess if leave is granted, whether the
bankrupt’s estate will suffer financially in any way (see the Federal Court of
Australia decision in Macquarie Bank Limited v Bardetta [2005] FCA 507 at
[19], citing Allanson v Midland Credit at 114).

(e) Fifth, the presence of any delay in the applicant seeking leave is
relevant, though the court will also consider what the prejudice caused to any
party by reason of the delay is. If any disadvantage to the bankrupt’s estate
arises, leave should not be granted (see the Federal Court of Australia
decision in Armstrong Scalisi Holdings Pty Ltd v Gioiello [2018] FCA 1729 at
[25], citing Kattirtzis v Zaravinos [2001] FCA 1158 at [8]).

26 For completeness, whilst situated in a different context of seeking leave
to bring proceedings in the corporate insolvency context, I also found the New
South Wales Court of Appeal decision of Cassegrain v Gerard Cassegrain & Co
Pty Ltd (in liq) [2012] NSWCA 435 (“Cassegrain”) to be of assistance. Therein,
it was stated that the relevant factors to be considered also include (at
[33]):

… the amount and seriousness of the claims; the degree and complexity of the
legal and factual issues involved; the stage to which the proceedings, if
commenced, have progressed; the risk that the same issues would be relitigated
if the claims were to be the subject of a proof of debt; whether the claim has
arguable merit; whether proceedings are already in motion at the time of
liquidation; whether the proceedings will result in prejudice to creditors;
whether the claim is in the nature of a test case for the interest of a large
class of potential claimants; whether the grant of leave will unleash an
“avalanche of litigation”; whether the cost of the hearing will be
disproportionate to the company’s resources; delay and whether pre-trial
procedures such as discovery and interrogatories are likely to be required or
beneficial …

27 Having briefly surveyed the foreign authorities, it is now an appropriate
juncture to consider the relevant factors to be applied in Singapore when
determining whether permission should be granted to commence or continue
proceedings against individuals who have been declared bankrupt.

The relevant factors to guide exercise of discretion to grant permission under
s 327(1)(c)(ii)

28 In considering the relevant factors, apart from the foreign cases, I found
it helpful to refer to cases that have laid down factors in a similar context
of granting permission to continue or commence proceedings against companies
that are being wound up. The relevant statutory provisions are to be found in
the following sections of the IRDA: s 133(1) (in relation to compulsory
winding up) and s 170(2) (in relation to a creditor’s voluntary winding up).
These provisions provide as follows:

Effect of winding up order

133.—(1) When a winding up order has been made or a provisional liquidator has
been appointed, no action or proceeding may be proceeded with or commenced
against the company except —

(a) by the permission of the Court; and

(b) in accordance with such terms as the Court may impose.

Property and proceedings

170.—(2) After the commencement of the winding up, no action or proceeding may
be proceeded with or commenced against the company except by the permission of
the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose.

29 In my view, the policy that underlies s 327(1)(c)(ii), which involves an
insolvent individual, is the same as the policy which applies to the situation
involving the grant of permission to continue or commence proceedings against
an insolvent company. Indeed, as the learned District Judge put it in JA v JB
(at [13]), “the same principles ought to apply to both categories of insolvent
beings, as the task of the liquidator or the trustee in bankruptcy is the same
– to gather in the assets of the insolvent person and then distribute them
fairly … amongst the creditors in as efficient, expeditious and cost-effective
a manner as possible after payment of secured and preferential debts”.

30 Similarly, Rajah JC in Korea Asset Management referred to the mandatory
requirement for permission to proceed with or commence proceedings in the
insolvency and judicial management regimes (at [32]–[37]). He noted (at [35])
that “the bankruptcy regime also creates similar fetters restraining any steps
from being taken in any action or proceedings once bankruptcy has commenced”
which was an integral feature of the insolvency scheme, thereby recognising
that the policy across both situations of insolvency and bankruptcy is the
same. Specifically, Rajah JC had said this as to the purpose for these
provisions requiring permission before the continuation or commencement of
proceedings against companies that are being wound up (at [36]):

The rationale for these provisions is axiomatic: it is to prevent the company
from being further burdened by expenses incurred in defending unnecessary
litigation. The main focus of a company and its liquidators once winding up
has commenced should be to prevent the fragmentation of its assets and to
ensure that the interests of its creditors are protected to the fullest
extent. In other words, returns to legitimate creditors should be maximised;
the process of collecting assets and returning them to legitimate creditors
should be attended to with all practicable speed. …

This statement of principle was recently endorsed by the Court of Appeal in An
Guang Shipping Pte Ltd (judicial managers appointed) and others v Ocean
Tankers (Pte) Ltd (in liquidation) [2022] 1 SLR 1232 at [10], noting that it
was “well explained”.

31 Accordingly, I adopted as my starting point the factors Rajah JC identified
in Korea Asset Management in relation to the continuation or commencement of
proceedings against companies that are being wound up, which I regarded as
being equally applicable to the situation under s 327(1)(c)(ii). In this
regard, the learned judge had identified the following factors:

(a) the timing as to when the application for permission was made (at [47]);

(b) the nature of the claim, specifically, whether the claimant is attempting
to obtain a benefit not otherwise available to it through the conventional
winding up procedure, ie, by filing proof of debts (at [48]–[49]);

(c) the existing remedies, specifically, whether the claim can be dealt with
within the insolvency regime (at [50]); and

(d) matrix factors including: (i) the views of the majority creditors, (ii)
the need for an independent inquiry, and (iii) the choice of liquidator (at
[51]–[57]).

32 In my view, and having considered the factors identified by Rajah JC in
Korea Asset Management, the foreign jurisprudence, and also by the plaintiff
in the present application, I found the following to be relevant factors that
a court should consider in the exercise of its discretion whether to grant
permission for the continuation or commencement of proceedings against a
bankrupt under s 327(1)(c)(ii):

(a) the timing of the application for permission.

(b) the nature of the claim.

(c) the existing remedies.

(d) the merits of the claim.

(e) the existence of prejudice to the creditors or to the orderly
administration of the bankruptcy.

(f) other miscellaneous factors such as the potential of an avalanche of
litigation being unleashed by the grant of permission, the proportionality of
the cost of the proceeding to the bankrupt’s resources, and the views of the
majority creditors.

I now elaborate on each of these factors briefly.

Timing of the application

33 As Rajah JC held in Korea Asset Management (at [47]), and as the High Court
noted in W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Tycoon Construction Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) [2016] SGHC 80 (“W Y Steel Construction”) (at [14(a)]), the
timing as to when the application for permission was made could be a relevant
consideration. An early application may persuade the court to allow the
trustee in bankruptcy an opportunity to consider the matter in appropriate
cases. The stage to which proceedings have progressed, as well as any delay in
bringing the application for permission and whether pre-trial procedures are
likely to be required or beneficial, are relevant factors (see above at [26]).
Indeed, the closer to the date of bankruptcy the application is made, the more
likely it is for a court to infer that the application was made to snatch at
the bankrupt’s assets. Also, an application made when, for instance, the
trustee in bankruptcy has completed much of his work, is not likely to be
successful. However, it must be kept in mind that an early application does
not, by itself, assure the grant of permission. The entire factual matrix must
be considered by the court.

34 Contrariwise, mere delay by itself would not necessarily prevent leave from
being granted as leave is not to be withheld as a punishment (see above at
[19(f)]). The court will consider what is the prejudice caused to any party by
reason of the delay (see above at [25(e)]). The prejudice occasioned may
depend on whether the memories of the parties and other witnesses have been
impaired, and whether it is necessary to rely on those memories (see above at
[20(e)]).

The nature of the claim

35 The nature of the claim is also important. The claim must be of a type
which should proceed by action rather than through the proofing procedure in
bankruptcy (see above at [19(c)] and [20(c)]). The court will consider the
degree of complexity of the legal and factual issues involved, and whether it
may be preferable for those issues to be resolved at a hearing rather than by
way of a proof of debt (see above at [25(a)]). Leave is also more
appropriately granted where the proceedings proposed are proceedings to which
other parties are involved, and for the proper conduct of which, it may be
necessary for the bankrupt to become a party (see above at [25(b)]).

36 I would also add that the claims of secured creditors stand apart from
unsecured creditors as made clear by s 327(3) of the IRDA. This provision
provides that s 327 of the IRDA “does not affect the right of any secured
creditor to realise or otherwise deal with the secured creditor’s security in
the same manner as the secured creditor would have been entitled to realise or
deal with it if this section had not been enacted” (subject to fulfilling the
requirements in s 327(4) of the IRDA). This is similar to the insolvency
regime, where secured creditors who are merely attempting to claim property
which prima facie belonged to them should be “readily given” permission to
proceed with or commence proceedings (see Korea Asset Management at [49]),
because their security is regarded as standing apart from the pool of assets
available for pari passu distribution amongst unsecured creditors (see the
Court of Appeal decision in SCK Serijadi Sdn Bhd v Artison Interior Pte Ltd
[2019] 1 SLR 680 at [11]).

The existing remedies

37 In a related vein, if the nature of the claim is such that it can be dealt
with adequately within the bankruptcy regime, then a court will not likely
grant permission for proceedings to continue or commence against the bankrupt.
The court will also examine whether the company’s assets will be dissipated by
attending to the claim and the reasons for wanting to proceed outside the
insolvency scheme (see W Y Steel Construction at [14(c)]).

38 The rationale for this is simple. The entire purpose of the bankruptcy
regime is to ensure an efficient method for creditors to be paid. If that
regime can satisfactorily address a claim, then it would not serve any good
purpose to grant permission to continue or commence proceedings by other
means.

The merits of the claim

39 As Rajah JC put it in Korea Asset Management (at [48]), a court will be
“loathe to lend its imprimatur to sterile litigation” and permission ought not
to be given where “there is no likelihood of the claim being satisfied in any
way”. While a court should not engage substantively with the merits of the
proposed action at the grant of permission stage, it should not turn a blind
eye to this as well. Again, the reason for this is in line with the purpose
behind s 327(1)(c)(ii). If the proposed action is doomed to fail from the
start, then it would not serve any good purpose to grant permission to
commence what would likely be an exercise in futility. It would be better to
preserve the resources of the bankrupt for distribution, rather than expending
a part of those on defending sterile litigation.

40 The appropriate standard at which to assess the merits of the proposed
action is “a serious question to be tried” similar to that required for
interlocutory, relief rather than a prima facie case (see above at [19(a)],
and the examples in [20(a)] and [20(b)]). As noted in the English decision of
Bristol & West Building, the court need not undertake a substantive
investigation into the merits of the proposed claim, “provided that if on the
face of the matter there was no arguable claim then clearly leave should be
refused” on the grounds that it would be a waste of time and expense (at 489).
In other words, the court must be satisfied that the proposed claim is not
clearly unsustainable.

The existence of prejudice and commercial morality

41 If the nature of the claim is such that if prosecuted successfully, it
would prejudice the claims of the other legitimate creditors in contravention
of the statutorily prescribed pari passu treatment for all unsecured
creditors, the court should not grant permission to proceed with or commence
proceedings (see Korea Asset Management at [48]). Further, it is for the
applicant to demonstrate that there will be little or no prejudice occasioned
to the creditors, the bankrupt’s estate or to the orderly administration of
the bankruptcy if the action is to proceed (see above at [19(b)] and [25(d)]).

42 As Rajah JC held in Korea Asset Management at [48], albeit not in an
identical context, the court will examine every application to ensure that a
party is not seeking to avail itself of a benefit that would not otherwise be
available through the conventional winding up procedure (or in this case, the
bankruptcy regime). This should be applicable to the situation under s
327(1)(c)(ii) as well. For clarity, this “benefit that would not otherwise be
available” refers to unfair commercial advantages such as jumping the ranking
of the priority of creditors, but does not refer to having the dispute
appropriately resolved by court proceedings when necessary (as opposed to the
bankruptcy process). The court will thus consider whether the applicant was
seeking to gain some advantage or steal a march over the other creditors, and
in this connection, whether the trustee in bankruptcy opposes the grant of
leave will be a relevant consideration (see above at [22] and [25(c)]).

43 Ultimately, the court is attempting to balance the collective interests of
the general body of creditors against the relative hardship and injustice
which may be experienced by the applicant. Thus, while convenience and the
saving of costs are factors that would be taken into consideration, equally or
if not more so, fair play and commercial morality are also important
considerations (see Korea Asset Management at [42]; W Y Steel Construction at
[15]).

Other miscellaneous factors

44 Finally, there are the miscellaneous factors such as the potential of an
avalanche of litigation being unleashed by the grant of permission, the
proportionality of the cost of the proceeding to the bankrupt’s resources, and
the views of the majority creditors, etc (see above at [26] and [31(d)]). At
the end of the day, the court must exercise its discretion in a practical
manner.

Application to the present application

45 With the applicable law in mind, I turned to the present application. I
granted permission for the plaintiff to continue Suit 1175 against the second
defendant. I did so for the following reasons.

46 First, considering the timing of the proposed action, Suit 1175 was
commenced on 13 November 2019, which was more than two years before the second
defendant took out the bankruptcy application (B 1122) on 6 May 2022, and the
suit was already proceeding towards trial. The stage to which proceedings have
progressed was advanced. As such, Suit 1175 was not filed in a scramble to
reach the second defendant’s assets and obtain an unfair advantage.

47 Second, considering the nature of the claim, Suit 1175 would not offend the
pari passu principle of distribution in bankruptcy or prevent the trustee in
bankruptcy from effectively adhering to this principle because the second
defendant has stated in the Statement of Affairs filed for his bankruptcy
application that he had no preferential or secured creditors. I also noted
that the trustee in bankruptcy has yet to object to the present application,
having taken no position on the matter.

48 Third, still considering the nature of the claim, the second defendant is a
necessary party to Suit 1175 because the key factual issue in dispute is
whether the second defendant had made the alleged representations to the
applicant and whether he did so on behalf of the first defendant, given that
the underlying action is founded in misrepresentation.

49 Fourth, considering the existence of remedies within the bankruptcy regime,
the issues in dispute between the parties are more properly determined by a
court of law instead of the trustee in bankruptcy. This is because while the
plaintiff could very well file a proof of debt, the outcome of Suit 1175 would
turn on key factual issues such as the veracity of the plaintiff’s account of
the various representations allegedly made by the second defendant. As such,
these are issues that would be better dealt with by a court of law, with the
benefit of cross-examination.

50 Fifth, as to the merits of the claim, I was satisfied that Suit 1175 raised
serious questions to be tried. I did not think that it could be described in
any way as being doomed to fail from the start.

51 Finally, I did not think that any of the miscellaneous factors militated
against the grant of permission in this case.

52 Thus, for all these reasons, I granted permission to the plaintiff to
continue Suit 1175 against the second defendant.

Conclusion

53 In the premises, I granted order in terms for prayers 1 and 2 in respect of
High Court Summons No 2752 of 2022 (in Suit 1175).

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Aw Wen Ni and Poon Chun Wai (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;

The first defendant and second defendant absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Nov 2022 (11:19 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

