Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

\--In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 213

Suit No 57 of 2020

Between

| Kuvera Resources Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Banking — Letters of credit — Confirming bank — Sanctions clause — Whether
sanctions clause incorporated in a confirmed letter of credit]

[Banking — Letters of credit — Confirming bank — Sanctions clause — Whether
sanctions clause valid and enforceable — Whether sanctions clause
fundamentally inconsistent with the commercial purpose of a confirmation —
Examination of terms of letter of credit according to applicable the Uniform
Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, 2007 Revision]

[Banking — Letters of credit — Confirming bank — Sanctions clause — Whether
sanctions clause valid and enforceable — Whether sanctions clause unworkable]

[Banking — Letters of credit — Confirming bank — Sanctions clause — Whether
sanctions clause valid and enforceable — Whether sanctions clause is non-
documentary condition]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kuvera Resources Pte Ltd

  
v

  

JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA

[2022] SGHC 213

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 57 of 2020  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
19–22, 26–28 October 2021, 28 February 2022

31 October 2022

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff brings this action to recover from the defendant the principal
sum of US$2.42m, alternatively US$0.22m, as damages for breach of contract. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) filed on 28 October 2021 (“SOC”) at p 10,
prayers (A), (B) and (B2).

The plaintiff’s case is that the defendant was in breach of contract when it
refused to pay the plaintiff against a complying presentation of documents
under a confirmed letter of credit. The defendant accepts that the plaintiff
made a complying presentation of documents. The defendant’s defence is that
the terms of its confirmation entitled it to refuse to pay the plaintiff.

2 The cornerstone of the defendant’s case is a clause which appears in the
defendant’s confirmations. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1AB638 and 2AB867.

The clause provides, in summary and for present purposes, that the defendant
is not liable for any failure to pay against a complying presentation of
documents if the documents involve a vessel subject to the sanctions laws and
regulations of the United States of America (“US”). I shall refer to this
clause as “the Sanctions Clause”. The full text of the Sanctions Clause
provides as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1AB630 and 2AB867.

[The defendant] must comply with all sanctions, embargo and other laws and
regulations of the U.S. and of other applicable jurisdictions to the extent
they do not conflict with such U.S. laws and regulations (“applicable
restrictions”). Should documents be presented involving any country, entity,
vessel or individual listed in or otherwise subject to any applicable
restriction, we shall not be liable for any delay or failure to pay, process
or return such documents or for any related disclosure of information.

3 The parties’ opposing submissions on the Sanctions Clause define the central
issue in this action. The plaintiff’s submission is that the Sanctions Clause:
(a) is not a term of its contract with the defendant; alternatively (b) is
fundamentally inconsistent with the commercial purpose of a confirmed letter
of credit or is so broad as to be unworkable; and therefore (c) ought not to
be construed so as to detract from the defendant’s fundamental obligation to
pay against a complying presentation. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 230 and 269.

The defendant’s submission is that the Sanctions Clause: (a) is indeed a term
of its contract with the plaintiff; (b) is neither fundamentally inconsistent
with the commercial purpose of a confirmed letter of credit nor so broad as to
be unworkable; and (c) does, on the facts of this case, permit the defendant
to refuse to pay the plaintiff against a complying presentation. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 136 and 148–149; Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 44; Certified Transcript, 21 October 2021, pp 91:7–25,
126:20-127:11 and 128:3–16.

4 Having heard the parties’ submissions, I have dismissed the plaintiff’s
action with costs.

5 The plaintiff has appealed against my decision. I now give the reasons for
my decision.

Factual background

The parties

6 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore. It is in the business
of trading coal exported from Indonesia. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 1; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 14.

7 The defendant is a national banking association chartered under the laws of
the US. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at para 5.

It has its head office in New York 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 2.

and operates worldwide through a large network of branches. One of those
branches is in Singapore. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents for Trial dated 13 October 2021 (“DBOD”), Tab
3, pp 6–9; Defence (Amendment No. 3) filed on 23 July 2021 (“Defence”) at para
2 (SDB at p 62).

It was the defendant’s Singapore branch which confirmed the two letters of
credit.

The letters of credit and the confirmations

8 I now set out the circumstances in which the letters of credit came to be
issued and confirmed.

9 In July 2019, a company in Indonesia contracted to sell 35,000 metric tonnes
of coal, plus or minus 10%, to a company in Dubai for delivery in Pakistan.
The price of the coal was US$2.35m, plus or minus 10%. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 15–16; 1AB119–147.

The contract obliged the seller to deliver the coal to the buyer in two
parcels. The contract also obliged the buyer to pay for each parcel by a
confirmed, irrevocable, non-transferable and workable letter of credit payable
at sight. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1AB123, cl 10.

10 The plaintiff advanced funds to the seller to enable it to purchase the
coal which it was on-selling to the buyer. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1AB134, cl 27(i).

The contract for the sale of the coal 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1AB119.

was therefore structured to give the plaintiff a form of security for its
advance. Thus, the contract was a tripartite contract between the buyer, the
seller and the plaintiff. This was no doubt so that the plaintiff would have a
direct cause of action against the buyer for a breach of the contract.
Further, the contract expressly obliged the buyer: (a) to pay for the coal by
two letters of credit to be issued in precisely the same terms as two draft
letters of credit attached to the contract; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1AB123, cl 10.1.

(b) to name the plaintiff (rather than the seller) as the beneficiary in both
letters of credit; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1AB137 and 1AB142.

(c) to procure that a major or international bank in Singapore confirmed both
letters of credit; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1AB123, cl 10.7.

and (d) to procure that both letters of credit were issued subject to the
Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, 2007 Revision (“the
UCP600”) issued by the International Chamber of Commerce (“the ICC”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at para 8; Defence at para 8 (SDB at p 64); 1AB124, cl 10.11.

11 The buyer duly procured a bank in Dubai to issue the two letters of credit
in favour of the plaintiff. As stipulated in the contract, both letters of
credit were issued expressly subject to the UCP600. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at para 8; Defence at para 8 (SDB at p 64).

The first letter of credit was issued in August 2019 for US$0.7m, plus or
minus 10%. The second letter of credit was issued in September 2019 for
US$1.65m, plus or minus 10%. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at para 26.

Save for the value and the date of issuance, the two letters of credit are
identical in all material respects.

12 The issuing bank asked the defendant to act as the advising bank for both
letters of credit. It also permitted the defendant to act as the nominated
bank for both letters of credit. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at para 28.

The defendant duly advised both letters of credit to the plaintiff. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence at paras 7 and 10–11 (SDB at pp 63–65).

Both of the defendant’s advices to the plaintiff contained the Sanctions
Clause. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1AB262.

13 In September 2019, the defendant added its confirmation to both letters of
credit. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at paras 30 and 32.

Both of the defendant’s confirmations contained the Sanctions Clause. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1AB630 and 2AB867.

14 Both letters of credit were amended a number of times, both before and
after the defendant confirmed them. The defendant duly advised all of these
amendments to the plaintiff 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at paras 29 and 31.

and added its confirmation to them when necessary. All of the defendant’s
advices and confirmations of these amendments also contained the Sanctions
Clause. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence at paras 10–11 (SDB, pp 64–65); Reply (Amendment No. 3) filed on 6
August 2021 (“Reply”) at paras 8–9 (SDB, pp 100–101); Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at
paras 13 and 28–33; 1AB638 and 2AB868; see also 1AB342, 1AB552, 1AB630,
1AB635, 2AB810, 2AB834, 2AB917, 2AB943, 2AB984, 2AB1093 and 2AB1097; 2AB919,
2AB956 and 2AB992.

15 The Sanctions Clause is a bespoke clause which the defendant invariably
includes when it advises or confirms a letter of credit. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1AB262, 1AB341, 1AB552, 1AB630, 1AB635, 1AB638, 2AB802, 2AB834, 2AB867,
2AB920, 2AB943, 2AB956, 2AB982, 2AB992, 2AB1091, 2AB1097; Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC
at paras 13 and 33; Certified Transcript, 21 October 2021, p 91:7–25; p
126:20–127:11; p 128:3–16.

There is no provision in the UCP600 which covers the subject-matter of the
Sanctions Clause. There is equally no such provision in the draft letters of
credit attached to the contract for the sale of the coal or in the letters of
credit as issued.

The plaintiff’s complying presentation

16 In late November 2019, the plaintiff made a presentation of documents to
the defendant under the letters of credit. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 13; Defence at para 21 (SDB at p 67).

It made this presentation through a presenting bank. This first presentation
of documents was discrepant. A day later, the defendant rejected the
presentation. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence at para 21 (SDB at p 67).

The defendant does not suggest that the plaintiff was in breach of contract in
doing so.

17 One day after the rejection, the plaintiff made a second presentation of
documents to the defendant under the letters of credit. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence at para 21 (SDB at p 67).

The defendant accepts that this second presentation was a complying
presentation within the meaning of the UCP600. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence at para 21 (SDB at p 67); Opening Statement at para 13.

The defendant therefore also accepts that, but for the Sanctions Clause, this
presentation would have obliged the defendant pay the plaintiff against the
documents. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence at paras 21–23, 31 and 37.

18 The face value of the drafts which the plaintiff presented to the defendant
was US$2.42m. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC at para 15.

This is the principal sum which the plaintiff claims from the defendant as
damages for breach of contract.

The defendant’s sanctions screening

19 After the defendant had determined that the plaintiff’s presentation was a
complying presentation, it sent the documents for sanctions screening.
Sanctions screening is one of the defendant’s standard post-presentation
procedures. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at para 18.

The purpose of sanctions screening is to ensure that the defendant complies
with US sanctions laws and regulations. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 21; Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at para 36;
Chong Lip Fah’s AEIC at para 26.

I describe those laws and regulations in more detail below.

20 The coal in the sale contract was shipped on a vessel known as “Omnia”. The
defendant’s sanctions screening revealed that the Omnia was an exact match for
a vessel known as “Lady Mona”. The defendant had determined – once in June
2015 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at para 57.

and once again as recently as August 2019 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at paras 78 and 80.

– that Lady Mona fell within the scope of US sanctions on Syria because it was
likely to be beneficially owned by a Syrian entity. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence at paras 24 and 30 (SDB at pp 68 and 71); Chong Lip Fah’s AEIC at para
27; Alisha Burke’s AEIC at paras 52–80.

The defendant made these determinations in the course of its continuing
procedures for ensuring that it complies with US sanctions laws and
regulations.

21 In early December 2019, the defendant informed the presenting bank that the
defendant was unable to accommodate the plaintiff’s presentation of the
documents because the transaction did not comply with applicable US sanctions
laws or with policies designed to promote compliance with those laws. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence at para 32 (SDB at pp 72–73); Law Hiu Tsing Cynthia’s AEIC at paras
38–49; Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at para 42.

At the same time, the defendant also informed the plaintiff directly that the
defendant could not obtain internal approvals to pay the plaintiff against the
complying presentation. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence at para 33 (SDB at p 73).

In early December 2019, the defendant returned the plaintiff’s documents to
the presenting bank. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence at para 34 (SDB at p 73); 4AB2384–2385; Lim Geok Lian’s AEIC at paras
43–45; Chong Lip Fah’s AEIC at para 40; 5AB2674–2675; Certified Transcript, 19
October 2021, p 94:16–19.

The defendant did not make any determination at any time that the plaintiff’s
second presentation was a non-complying presentation. Indeed, the defendant’s
determination was quite the opposite: that it was a complying presentation
which the defendant could nonetheless not pay against because the transaction
did not comply with applicable US sanctions laws or with policies designed to
promote compliance with those laws. Article 16 of the UCP600 and its
requirements are therefore of no application.

22 The letters of credit expired at the end of December 2019. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 49.

The plaintiff began efforts to secure payment direct from the buyer. In
January 2020, the plaintiff entered into negotiations with the issuing bank
and the buyer. The outcome of these negotiations was a written Memorandum of
Understanding. In February 2020, pursuant to the Memorandum of Understanding,
the buyer paid US$2.2m to the plaintiff in exchange for the plaintiff’s
documents. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 56; 5AB2935–2940; 5AB2963.

23 It is part of the defendant’s case in this action that – even if it is in
breach of contract for failing to honour its confirmations – the plaintiff
fully mitigated any loss that may have been caused by the breach when it
received US$2.2m directly from the buyer in February 2020. That sum of US$2.2m
is not, of course, the entire sum of US$2.42m which the plaintiff claims in
this action. But the defendant submits that the difference of US$0.22m is not
a loss caused by any breach of contract on the defendant’s part because it
arises largely from a deficiency in the quality of the coal. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 61.

24 This aspect of the defendant’s case is relevant only to the issue of
damages. As I have found that the defendant is not in breach of contract at
all, I need not and do not deal with damages.

Issues

25 The parties accept that each of the defendant’s confirmations gave rise to
a contract between the plaintiff and the defendant. They also accept that
those contracts are governed by Singapore law. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 20–30; Defendant’s Closing Submissions
at para 172.

26 There are three broad issues of Singapore law which I must decide in order
to resolve the parties’ dispute: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3.

(a) Whether the Sanctions Clause was a term of the defendant’s confirmations.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 12.

(b) Whether the Sanctions Clause is valid and enforceable. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 19.

(c) Whether, on the facts of this case, the Sanctions Clause entitled the
defendant to refuse to pay the plaintiff against a complying presentation. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 31.

27 A summary of my findings of fact and holdings of law on these issues is as
follows:--

(a) The Sanctions Clause is a term of the contract between the plaintiff and
the defendant. There was no legal impediment to the defendant incorporating
the Sanction Clause as a term of its confirmations even though it did not
appear in the letters of credit. Further, there was no need for the plaintiff
to accept the Sanctions Clause or for the defendant to supply consideration
for it in order for it to be incorporated into the confirmations. Finally, on
the facts, the defendant included the Sanctions Clause in the advices by which
it added its confirmations to the letters of credit.

(b) The Sanctions Clause is valid and enforceable. The Sanctions Clause is not
fundamentally inconsistent with the commercial purpose of a confirmed letter
of credit because it leaves the issuing bank’s separate payment obligation to
the beneficiary under the letter of credit entirely unaffected. Equally, the
phrase “…all sanctions … laws and regulations of the U.S and of other
applicable jurisdictions to the extent that they do not conflict with such U.S
laws and regulations…” is not so wide as to render the confirmation
unworkable. On the facts, that form of words points to the sanctions laws and
regulations of only two jurisdictions: the US and Singapore.

(c) The Sanctions Clause did, on the facts of this case, operate to permit the
defendant to refuse to pay the plaintiff against a complying presentation. The
uncontradicted and unchallenged evidence of the defendant’s expert witness on
US sanctions law establishes on the balance of probabilities that paying the
plaintiff would have exposed the defendant to a penalty for breaching US
sanctions laws and regulations as those laws and regulations are published,
interpreted, applied and enforced.

28 Logically anterior to the three broad issues which I have identified at
[25] above is a deeper analysis of the contract between the plaintiff and the
defendant. Two issues in particular require deeper analysis: (a) first, the
legal nature of a letter of credit transaction; and (b) second, how the
plaintiff’s contract with the defendant was formed.

29 I therefore begin by analysing these two anterior issues before analysing
the three broad issues set out at [25] above in turn.

The contract between the plaintiff and the defendant

The commercial purpose of a letter of credit

30 The analysis of the legal nature of a letter of credit transaction is
driven by its commercial purpose.

31 The commercial purpose of a letter of credit is to serve as a payment
mechanism. But it is not merely a payment mechanism. It is a payment mechanism
which has played and continues to play a critical role in facilitating trade,
typically the international sale of goods.

32 A letter of credit facilitates the international sale of goods primarily by
offering assurance to a seller that it will be paid and offering a measure of
assurance to a buyer that it will get what it has paid for. This bilateral
assurance is necessary commercially because the international sale of goods
involves a buyer and a seller in different jurisdictions who will very often
be dealing with each other for the first time. Each of them will therefore
have little reason to trust the other to perform its obligations under their
contract. The letter of credit interposes a trustworthy and a creditworthy
paymaster between the buyer and the seller in the form of a bank.

33 There is another way in which a letter of credit facilitates the
international sale of goods. Where a seller of goods requires financing to
purchase the goods which it has contracted to sell on to the buyer – as in the
present case – the seller can use the assurance of payment which a letter of
credit provides as security, or at the very least as a form of comfort, to
raise the necessary financing.

A letter of credit transaction comprises five contracts

34 The critical role that the letter of credit plays in facilitating the
international sale of goods means that it is of fundamental commercial
importance that the rights and obligations created by a letter of credit
operate in a manner which is predictable, stable and reliable. To meet these
commercial expectations, the law treats a letter of credit not as a single
contract but as a compound transaction comprising up to five interconnected
contracts (see Michael Brindle and Raymond Cox, Law of Bank Payments (Sweet &
Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2018) at para 7-030).

35 The first of these five contracts is between the buyer and the seller of
the goods. It is typically in this contract that buyer and seller agree to use
a letter of credit as their payment mechanism. The buyer will be the applicant
for the letter of credit; the seller will be the beneficiary.

36 The second contract is between the applicant and the issuing bank. This
contract governs: (a) the issuing bank’s obligation to issue a letter of
credit by which it undertakes to pay the beneficiary against a complying
presentation; and (b) the applicant’s obligation to repay the issuing bank any
sums which the bank pays the beneficiary.

37 The third contract is between the issuing bank and the beneficiary. This
contract governs the obligation which the issuing bank owes to the beneficiary
to pay the beneficiary against a complying presentation. It is this contract
which is the defining feature of a letter of credit, and which therefore lies
at its legal and commercial core. It is therefore only this contract which
should properly be called “the letter of credit”.

38 The fourth contract is between the confirming bank and the beneficiary.
This contract governs the obligation which the confirming bank owes to the
beneficiary to pay the beneficiary against a complying presentation. This
contract is referred to as the “confirmation”.

39 The fifth contract is between the issuing bank and the confirming bank.
This contract governs the issuing bank’s obligation to reimburse the
confirming bank once the confirming bank has paid the beneficiary against a
complying presentation.

40 An applicant, a beneficiary and an issuing bank are essential in every
letter of credit. The first three contracts are therefore always present in
every letter of credit transaction. A confirming bank is not essential in a
letter of credit transaction but is frequently used for commercial convenience
and utility. The fourth and fifth contracts are therefore present only if the
parties have agreed to use a confirming bank.

41 The dispute between the parties in this action arises out of the fourth
contract (the confirmation) and involves its interaction with the third
contract (the letter of credit).

Each contract is separate and autonomous

42 To ensure that the rights and obligations created by a letter of credit
transaction operate in a manner which is predictable, stable and reliable, the
law treats each of these five contracts as being separate from and autonomous
of the other four contracts (see United City Merchants (Investments) Ltd v
Royal Bank of Canada [1983] 1 AC 168 at 182–183; Kredietbank NV v Sinotani
Pacific Pte Ltd (Agricultural Bank of China, third party) [1991] 1 SLR(R) 274
at [18]; Brody, White and Co Inc v Chemet Handel Trading (S) Pte Ltd [1992] 3
SLR(R) 146 at [19]).

43 Each contract is separate from the other contracts in that each is a
contract formed between a different combination of two of the three or four
parties who may be involved in a letter of credit transaction, and between
only those two parties. Each contract is autonomous of the other contracts in
that each is a self-contained contract which operates independently of the
others, ie in accordance only with its own terms and conditions and, unless
otherwise expressly agreed, regardless of the terms of any of the other four
contracts and regardless of the performance, breach or discharge of any of
those contracts.

44 A confirming bank’s contract with a beneficiary under its confirmation is
therefore separate from the issuing bank’s contract with the beneficiary under
the letter of credit. Article 8 of UCP600 makes this clear. It expressly
imposes on a confirming bank an obligation to honour its confirmation which is
additional to the issuing bank’s obligation under Art 7 of the UCP600 to
honour the letter of credit:

UCP 600 – Article 2

Definitions

For the purpose of these rules:

…

Confirmation means a definite undertaking of the confirming bank, in addition
to that of the issuing bank, to honour or negotiate a complying presentation.

[emphasis added]

45 A confirming bank’s contract with a beneficiary is not only separate from
but also autonomous of the issuing bank’s contract with the beneficiary. As
the authors point out in James E. Byrne et al, UCP600: An Analytical
Commentary (Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, 2010) (“UCP600
Commentary”) at p 394:

12\. In Addition to the Issuer’s Undertaking. UCP600 Article 8(b) notes that
the time at which the confirmer is bound is as of the time that it “adds it[s]
confirmation to the credit.” This oblique reference reinforces the more
complete statement in the definition of “Confirmation” in UCP600 Article 2
(Definitions) ¶ 6 that the confirmer’s undertaking is in addition to that of
the issuer. This notion is important for LC jurisprudence, signaling that the
obligation of the confirmer is separate and independent from that of the
issuer.

[emphasis added]

46 Thus, a beneficiary under a confirmed letter of credit has a contractual
right either to seek payment from the issuing bank under the letter of credit
or from the confirming bank under the confirmation.

47 The plaintiff’s director, Mr Arjan Bhisham Chotrani (“Mr Chotrani”), was
its only witness at trial. Mr Chotrani. Mr Chotrani accepted all of these
preceding points in cross-examination. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Certified Transcript, 19 October 2021, pp 14:6–15:6.

48 It is, of course, theoretically possible for the parties expressly to agree
that the confirmation should not, in some respect, be separate from or
autonomous of the other contracts. But any such agreement would in practical
terms be very unlikely, given the commercial purpose of a letter of credit and
of a confirmation. In any event, there is no suggestion that there was any
such agreement between this plaintiff and this defendant.

49 I therefore accept the defendant’s submission that the defendant’s contract
with the plaintiff under the confirmation is separate from and autonomous of
the issuing bank’s contract with the plaintiff under the letter of credit.

Contract formation

50 The second anterior issue is how the plaintiff’s contract with the
defendant was formed.

51 For a confirmed letter of credit to fulfil its commercial purpose as a
predictable, stable and reliable payment mechanism, it is essential that an
issuing and a confirming bank are obliged to pay the beneficiary against a
complying presentation. It is mercantile usage and banking custom that the
bank is obliged to do so. The difficulty lies in explaining how the law
obliges the bank to do so. The specific difficulty lies in explaining how the
contract between the bank and the beneficiary is formed even if, as is
typically the case, the beneficiary does not accept the bank’s offer to pay
and does not supply consideration for the bank’s promise to pay.

52 This difficulty does not arise when analysing contract formation for the
other three contracts in a letter of credit transaction. Those contracts are
classic bilateral contracts. Each is formed when offer, acceptance and
consideration combine. The letter of credit and the confirmation, on the other
hand, appear to bind the bank in law without any need for the beneficiary to
accept the bank’s offer and without any need for the beneficiary to provide
any consideration to the bank for its promise.

53 One explanation is that the law obliges the bank to pay the beneficiary as
a sui generis legal obligation (see Peter Ellinger and Dora Neo, The Law and
Practice of Documentary Letters of Credit (Hart Publishing, 2010) (“Ellinger &
Neo”) at p 111). Contract law simply declines to interfere with established
mercantile usage and banking custom, given that an elaborate commercial system
has been built upon it (see Hamzeh Malas & Sons v British Imex Industries Ltd
[1958] 2 QB 127 at 129).

54 But if the law were to leave the bank’s obligation to pay a beneficiary as
a sui generis legal obligation, that would be to allow it to operate entirely
outside the law of contract. The bank’s and the beneficiary’s legal rights and
obligations would depend on mercantile usage and banking custom which may vary
from place to place or over time. The nature and scope of those rights and
obligations would not predictable, stable or reliable. To address this
difficulty, several alternative explanations have been suggested to bring the
bank’s obligation to pay a beneficiary within the law of contract.

55 One explanation that has been suggested is that the applicant, when it asks
the issuing bank to issue the letter of credit, supplies consideration at that
time not only on its own behalf to support its contract with the issuing bank
(the second contract (see [36] above)) but also as agent for the beneficiary
to support the beneficiary’s separate contract with the bank (the third
contract (see [37] above)). But, as Ellinger & Neo point out quite correctly,
this explanation is not consistent with the intention of the parties. It is
artificial to say that it is the objectively ascertainable intention of the
applicant and the beneficiary – when they agree to use a letter of credit as
the payment mechanism under their contract – that the applicant should then
act as the beneficiary’s agent when dealing with the issuing bank.

56 Another suggested explanation is that the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 2001 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CRTPA”) operates to extend the contractual
benefit of the bank’s payment undertaking to the beneficiary. But the
existence of a legal obligation owed by an issuing bank directly to a
beneficiary under a letter of credit was established long before the CRTPA was
enacted in Singapore, and long before its legislative equivalents were enacted
in other jurisdictions. Furthermore, Art 4(a) of the UCP600 operates to
exclude the CRTPA by expressly providing that a beneficiary cannot avail
itself of the contracts between banks or between the applicant and the issuing
bank. Yet the entire premise of the UCP600 is that an issuing and a confirming
bank are obliged to pay a beneficiary against a complying presentation.

57 Yet another suggested explanation is that a bank makes an offer of a
unilateral contract to the beneficiary when it issues or confirms a letter of
credit. The contractual rules applicable to unilateral contracts then operate
to locate both acceptance and consideration in the beneficiary’s act of making
a complying presentation under the letter of credit (see Raiffeisen
Zentralbank Osterreich AG v China Marine Bunker (Petrochina) Co Ltd [2006]
EWHC 212 (Comm) at [31]).

58 The unilateral contract explanation is the most satisfactory explanation of
all of the explanations that have been suggested. But even this explanation is
not complete. Three well-established principles of contract formation pose
difficulties when applied to a letter of credit transaction. First, an offer
must be received by the offeree before it can be accepted so as to form a
contract (see Henthorn v Fraser [1892] 2 Ch 27 at 37). Second, an offeror may
revoke its offer at any time before the offeree accepts it (see Robophone
Facilities Ltd v Blank [1966] 1 WLR 1428 at 1432D). Third, an offer of a
unilateral contract is revocable at any time before the offeree commences
performance in reliance on the offer (see Errington v Errington and Woods
[1952] 1 KB 290 at 295).

59 These well-established principles of contract formation pose difficulties
in a letter of credit transaction because they contradict principles which are
equally well-established in mercantile usage and banking custom. Thus, it is
well-established that an issuing or a confirming bank’s offer to pay a
beneficiary is irrevocable once it has made the offer, even if there is no
indication to that effect in the offer itself (see Art 3 of the UCP600). The
offer is irrevocable even if it is not in fact received by the beneficiary and
even if the beneficiary has not commenced performance.

60 Looking specifically at the position of a confirming bank, the effect of a
confirmation is as follows (see Benjamin’s Sale of Goods (Michael Bridge gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2021) at para 23-073):

Time at which credits and amendments binding on the banks

… The confirming bank is bound under the original credit “as of the time it
adds its confirmation to the credit” … It does not, however, specify precisely
when … a confirmation is considered to have been added. … International
banking practice, therefore, considers the simple sending or transmitting of
an advice of … confirmation … to constitute a legally binding, irrevocable
unilateral offer.

…

… A confirmation would be “added” as at the time of sending or transmission of
the advice of the credit including the confirmation to the beneficiary.
Nothing in the term “add” imports that the advice should have to be received
by the beneficiary. …

…

It is suggested, therefore, that … confirming banks are bound from the moment
that the advice communicating the … confirming of a credit … is sent or
transmitted by the relevant bank. As a matter of legal analysis, at that point
the bank is bound by an irrevocable unilateral offer. There is no need for
communication to or acceptance by the beneficiary. Nor is there any
requirement for the beneficiary to provide consideration in return for the
banks’ promises, which would be impossible prior to receipt of the relevant
advice. This of course is incompatible with the principles of orthodox
contract law, but documentary credits constitute a sui generis exception to
such principles, based on internationally recognised mercantile usage.

[emphasis added]

61 In my view, the most satisfactory and complete contractual explanation for
the binding force of a letter of credit and a confirmation (at least in a
common law system) is that each of them functions in law as an offer of a
unilateral contract subject to one, and only one, sui generis exception. That
exception is that an issuing or confirming bank has a contractual obligation
to the beneficiary not to revoke its offer, without any need for the
beneficiary to receive, accept or supply consideration for the irrevocability
of the offer. The offer is contractually irrevocable by reason of an accretion
of judicial decision which has given contractual force to well-established
principles of mercantile usage and banking custom.

62 In that sense – and only in that sense – are the letter of credit and the
confirmation sui generis. In all other senses, each is to be analysed as an
offer of an orthodox unilateral contract. This has three consequences.

63 First, an issuing or confirming bank is at liberty to make its offer on
terms. These terms can include an expiry date after which the offer will
expire. Once that date has passed, on ordinary contractual principles, the
beneficiary can no longer accept the offer. The bank can also incorporate
terms into its offer by reference, eg by making its letter of credit or
confirmation subject to the UCP600 (see Kredietbank NV v Sinotani Pacific Pte
Ltd (Agricultural Bank of China, third party) [1999] 1 SLR(R) 274 at [17]).

64 Second, at the time a bank issues or confirms a letter of credit, the only
contractual content of the bank’s act is its obligation to the beneficiary not
to revoke its offer. This includes by implication an obligation not to alter
the terms of its offer. That would amount to revoking the existing offer and
making a new offer on the altered terms. Further, this means that the
beneficiary owes no obligations whatsoever to the bank. The beneficiary is
thus in the same position as the holder of an option, save only that it need
not have supplied any consideration to the bank for the option and, indeed,
need not even know about the option.

65 Third, the bank’s unilateral contract with the beneficiary is formed when,
and only when, the beneficiary makes a complying presentation to the bank. It
is only at that point that the beneficiary accepts the bank’s offer of a
unilateral contract and supplies consideration for the bank’s promise to pay
against a complying presentation. Until that point, there is no contract in
existence. All that exists is the irrevocable offer of a unilateral contract.
Despite this being the true position in law, I refer for convenience on
occasion (see eg [34] above) to the relationship between a bank and a
beneficiary as a contract from the moment the bank issues or confirms a letter
of credit.

66 Applying this analysis to the facts of this case, the defendant made an
irrevocable offer of a unilateral contract to the plaintiff in September 2019
when it added its confirmation to each letter of credit. Each of those offers
was separate from and autonomous of the offers of a unilateral contract which
the issuing bank had made to the plaintiff in August and September 2019 when
it had issued the letters of credit. Therefore, the contract which was to
arise from the defendant’s offer was likewise separate from and autonomous of
the contract which was to arise from the issuing bank’s offer.

67 This is the fundamental point at the heart of the parties’ dispute, and one
which the plaintiff has failed to grasp.

The Sanctions Clause was a term of the defendant’s confirmations

The plaintiff’s submissions

68 Having analysed and determined the anterior issues identified at [28]
above, I now turn to analyse and determine the three broad issues identified
at [25] above. The first broad issue I must determine is whether the Sanctions
Clause was a term of the defendant’s confirmations.

69 The plaintiff submits that the Sanctions Clause was not a term of the
defendant’s confirmations for three reasons. First, the Sanctions Clause was
not a term of the letters of credit and therefore cannot be a term of the
confirmation. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Reply at para 13; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 133(b).

Second, the defendant failed to draw the Sanctions Clause to the plaintiff’s
attention. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 48, 133(c) and 266(a)–(g).

Third, the Sanctions Clause was not itself the subject of any offer,
acceptance or consideration. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 273.

70 I reject all of the plaintiff’s submissions. I deal with them now in turn.

The Sanctions Clause did not need to be a term of the letters of credit

71 The plaintiff’s first submission is that the Sanctions Clause was not a
term of the defendant’s confirmations because it was not a term of the letters
of credit. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Reply at para 13; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 133(b).

The substance of the submission is that a confirming bank is obliged, as a
matter of law, to confirm a letter of credit in precisely the same terms as
the issuing bank has issued it, without any additions, alterations or
omissions. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Reply at para 13; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 133(b).

72 As authority for this submission, the plaintiff cites the following
passages from Ellinger & Neo (at pp 11, 36 and 113):

… The [confirming bank] advises the beneficiary that letter of credit is
confirmed by him. … [The confirming bank’s] duties are defined in article 8 of
UCP 600, under which the confirming bank’s undertaking is to be understood in
the same manner as the issuer’s. …

…

The undertaking and duties of a confirming bank mirror the issuer’s, except
that the confirming bank is bound as of the time it adds its confirmation and
not from the time of the issuing of the credit. …

…

… the confirming bank’s obligations to the beneficiary will generally be the
same as the issuing bank’s obligations towards the beneficiary. That is the
purpose of confirmation: the beneficiary can look to the confirming bank as an
alternate paymaster under the credit. …

[emphasis added]

73 The plaintiff’s reliance on Ellinger & Neo is misconceived for two reasons.

74 First, Ellinger & Neo is not making the normative statement that a
confirmation must be in precisely the same terms as the letter of credit being
confirmed. Ellinger & Neo is merely making the descriptive statement that a
confirmation is generally in the same terms as the letter of credit. That
statement is entirely uncontroversial. The confirmation is, after all, a
derivative of the letter of credit.

75 Second, in so far as Ellinger & Neo says that the undertaking and duties of
a confirming bank under its confirmation mirror those of the issuing bank
under its letter of credit, it is simply making the uncontroversial point that
the content of Arts 7(a) to (c) of UCP600 (which set out the undertaking and
duties of an issuing bank to a beneficiary) mirror the content of Arts 8(a) to
(c) of UCP600 (which set out the undertaking and duties of a confirming bank
to a beneficiary). Ellinger & Neo is not making any normative point about the
content of a confirming bank’s undertakings and duties outside the context of
these articles of the UCP600.

76 As further authority for this submission, the plaintiff cites the following
dictum of GP Selvam J in Agritrade International Pte Ltd v Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China [1998] 1 SLR(R) 322 (“Agritrade International”) (at
[20]–[21]):

A meta-principle

20 I shall now outline an important meta-principle of law governing letters of
credit. Banks’ letters of credit were designed to operate within a narrow
sphere. It is that banks and beneficiaries do not have any obligations or
rights outside the four corners of the terms of the credit. The direct effect
of this is that banks turn a blind eye to the underlying contract and the
substance of the transaction even though there may be a reference to the
underlying transaction. Thus the law erects a wall of separation between the
credit contract and the sale contract. It is done to facilitate the smooth
operation of international trade.

…

21 A necessary corollary of the above two articles [ie, Arts 3 and 4 of the
UCP (1985 Revision)] is that the contractual relationship between the issuing
bank and the applicant for the credit cannot affect the relationship between
the issuing bank and the beneficiary and his assignee.

[emphasis added]

77 GP Selvam J’s dictum is not authority for the plaintiff’s submission. The
proposition that the plaintiff derives from this dictum is that the rights and
obligations of any bank involved in a letter of credit transaction are only
those rights and obligations found within the four corners of the letter of
credit. But the letter of credit in Agritrade International was an unconfirmed
letter of credit. GP Selvam J’s dictum was not intended to and does not
address the position of a confirming bank in a letter of credit transaction.
His dictum merely restates the meta-principle that the contract between the
beneficiary and the issuing bank under a letter of credit is entirely separate
from the contract between the beneficiary and the applicant. That statement
too is entirely uncontroversial.

78 Indeed, if I were to extend GP Selvam J’s dictum beyond the position of an
issuing bank to address the position of a confirming bank, it would support
the defendant’s case rather than the plaintiff’s. In the light of my analysis
at [30]–[66] above, the proposition as extended would be that the law equally
erects a wall of separation between the letter of credit and the confirmation
in order to facilitate the smooth operation of international trade. Therefore,
the contractual relationship between the beneficiary and the issuing bank
cannot affect the contractual relationship between the beneficiary and the
confirming bank. This is a proposition which I accept to be correct in law. It
flows from the analysis at [42]–[49] above.

79 The plaintiff’s submission is therefore fundamentally misconceived. It
rests on the false premise that a confirmed letter of credit is a single
contract between multiple parties. If that were true, that would mean that a
bank asked to confirm a letter of credit always has and only has a binary
choice. It can confirm the letter of credit, in which case it adopts the terms
of the letter of credit in their entirety – and no other terms – to govern its
obligation to the beneficiary. Or, if it is unwilling or unable to adopt those
terms in their entirety, it must decline to confirm the letter of credit at
all.

80 That is not the position in law. The position is that a confirmed letter of
credit transaction comprises multiple contracts, each of which is separate
from and autonomous of all the other contracts (see [42]–[49] above). When an
issuing bank advises a letter of credit to a beneficiary, it makes an offer of
a unilateral contract to the beneficiary. When a confirming bank adds its
confirmation to the letter of credit, it makes a separate offer of a separate
unilateral contract to the beneficiary. That separate offer may adopt in their
entirety the terms of the issuing bank’s offer. Indeed, it may very often do
so. But there is no legal rule that it must do so.

81 That is also not the position as a matter of mercantile usage and banking
custom. The UCP600 Commentary makes this point as follows (at pp 397 and 414):

17\. The Undertaking of a Confirming Bank.

…

c. Although UCP600 Article 8 is structured to parallel the undertaking of the
issuer as stated in UCP 600 Article 7, the undertaking of a confirmer need not
exactly parallel that of the issuer. The confirmer, for example, may add its
undertaking for a lesser time, a lesser amount, or otherwise modify it. …

…

37\. Further Qualifications to the Confirmer’s Undertaking. As stated in
addition to the conditions stated and unstated in UCP600 Article 8, a
confirmer may condition or otherwise limit its undertaking in other respects.
If the additional condition is express and unambiguous, it should be enforced
unless it disaffirms any definite liability by the purported confirmer. UCP600
Article 1 (Application of UCP) indicates that each article of UCP600 is
binding “unless expressly modified or excluded in the credit”. The
confirmation may, for example, limit the undertaking of the confirmer to a
lesser amount, a lesser time, refuse to allow it to be automatically revolved,
and require certain additional documents. It can also exclude certain types of
risk, e.g. issuer insolvency, but not country or currency risks, which are to
be otherwise covered by insurance. Such modifications are consistent with the
nature of a confirmation. Were the confirmer, however, to advise its
confirmation and indicate that its obligation is subject to it having been
reimbursed by the issuer, that undertaking would be fundamentally inconsistent
with the nature of a confirmation. While UCP600 can be modified by the terms
of the confirmation, any attempt to alter the fundamental character of the
letter of credit undertaking of the confirmer raises serious difficulties and,
unless it is unambiguous that it is not a confirmation of a letter of credit,
should be construed against the confirmer.

[emphasis added]

82 There is therefore no legal impediment to a confirming bank adding a term
to its confirmation of a letter of credit which is not found in the letter of
credit itself. That is so even if, in reality, there are undoubtedly very real
commercial and even reputational constraints which will operate on banks to
limit any such variance. This is subject only to one qualification: the term
cannot be fundamentally inconsistent with the commercial purpose of a
confirmation. I deal with this qualification at [102]–[107] below.

The Sanctions Clause was drawn to the plaintiff’s attention

83 The plaintiff’s second submission is that the Sanctions Clause was not a
term of the confirmations because the defendant failed to draw the Sanctions
Clause to the plaintiff’s attention. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 48, 133(c) and 266(a)–(g).

I reject the plaintiff’s submissions for three reasons.

84 First, the defendant set the Sanctions Clause out expressly in its
confirmations of the letter of credit. It was these confirmations which set
out the terms of the defendant’s offer of a unilateral contract to the
plaintiff. The defendant made it objectively and abundantly clear in the
confirmations that the Sanctions Clause was a term of those two offers.
Further, the defendant set the Sanctions Clause out expressly in all of its
advices to the plaintiff of the post-confirmation amendments to the letters of
credit. In other words, even if it could be argued that the defendant made a
fresh offer of a unilateral contract to the plaintiff every time it advised
the plaintiff of an amendment to the letter of credit, the Sanctions Clause
formed a term also of those fresh offers.

85 Mr Chotrani confirmed that he received and read all of these advices and
confirmations at or about the time the defendant issued them. He accepted that
he had therefore seen the Sanctions Clause at or about that time. He also
confirmed that he understood the effect of the Sanctions Clause to be simply
what it says on its face: that the defendant would not liable for any failure
to pay the plaintiff against a complying presentation of documents if the
documents involve a vessel subject to the sanctions laws and regulations of
the US. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript, 19 October 2021, pp 25:20–26:5; p 29:5–8; p 29:15–19; pp
31:2–32:1; pp 32:20–33:13; p 37:7–13; p 39:4–7; pp 39:12–40:8.

86 It is true that a longer version of the Sanctions Clause – containing the
words which I have italicised below – appears in three of the advices 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

2AB919, 2AB956 and 2AB992.

which the defendant issued to the plaintiff in October 2019 when effecting
amendments to the letters of credit:

[The defendant] must comply with all sanctions, embargo and other laws and
regulations of the U.S. and of other applicable jurisdictions to the extent
they do not conflict with such U.S. laws and regulations (“Applicable
Restrictions”). Should documents be presented involving any country, entity,
vessel or individual listed in or otherwise subject to any Applicable
Restriction, we reserve the right not to effect payment under or in connection
with the [letter of credit] and not to handle or process the presented
documents even if we have added confirmation to, or have agreed to honour or
negotiate, the [letter of credit] and we shall not be liable for any delay or
failure to pay, process or return such documents or for any related disclosure
of information.

[Emphasis added]

But neither party suggests that these italicised words appearing only in three
post-confirmation amendment advices are material in any way to the resolution
of their dispute.

87 I therefore hold that the defendant made it objectively and abundantly
clear that the Sanctions Clause formed a term of its offer of a unilateral
contract to the plaintiff from the time the defendant confirmed the letters of
credit in September 2019 until the time the plaintiff made its complying
presentations under the confirmations in November 2019.

88 Second, the defendant drew the plaintiff’s attention sufficiently to the
Sanctions Clause. The content of the Sanctions Clause was not objectively
unusual, onerous or obscure. The defendant did not in any objective sense
conceal or “camouflage” the Sanctions Clause in the confirmations, as the
plaintiff alleges. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 266(c).

The Sanctions Clause was printed in the confirmations with the same prominence
as all the other terms of the confirmations.

89 My findings as to the objective nature of the Sanctions Clause are
supported by Mr Chotrani’s own evidence in three respects. First, he
acknowledged that the plaintiff’s own bank included a “standard” sanctions
clause in its covering letter to the plaintiff enclosing the advised second
letter of credit. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Certified Transcript, 19 October 2021, p 42:4–24.

Second, he conceded that he understood the Sanctions Clause to mean exactly
what it said: that the defendant would not be liable for any failure to pay if
the transaction involved a vessel subject to US sanctions. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Certified Transcript, 19 October 2021, pp 22:24–26:13, pp 28:15–29:8, pp
32:2–33:8, p 33:9–16, pp 39:12–40:8.

Finally, he conceded that he saw the Sanctions Clause at the time he received
and read the confirmations and advices.

90 For all these reasons, I hold that the defendant was under no obligation to
draw the Sanctions Clause specifically to the plaintiff’s attention or to give
the text of the Sanctions Clause any additional prominence in its
confirmations in order to incorporate the Sanctions Clause as a term of its
offers.

91 Third, the plaintiff submits that the Sanctions Clause is not a term of the
defendant’s confirmations because the only contractually “operative” 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 52, 54 and 169.

part of the confirmations was the first paragraph. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 52–54 and 64–66; Certified
Transcript, 19 October 2021, pp 30:6–16, 32:2–33:5, 39:20–40:8.

The basis for this submission is that it is only in the first paragraph that
the defendant expressly confirmed that it would pay the plaintiff against a
complying presentation. The plaintiff characterises the remainder of the
defendant’s confirmations as mere “verbiage, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 52, 54 and 169.

which I assume to be a submission that it was without contractual force.

92 I reject the plaintiff’s submission. In objective terms, the entirety of
the text of the confirmations constituted the defendant’s offer of a
unilateral contract to the plaintiff. The Sanctions Clause was included in the
confirmations as an express term of the defendant’s offer. If Mr Chotrani
chose to disregard the terms of the defendant’s offer beyond its first
paragraph, his conduct is objectively unreasonable, and he did so at his own
peril. His subjective, and in any event erroneous, view of what were the
operative terms of the defendant’s offer is no basis in law for the
plaintiff’s submission that the Sanctions Clause is not an operative term of
the confirmations. The Sanctions Clause is just as much an express term of the
defendant’s offer to the plaintiff as the defendant’s express undertaking in
the first paragraph of the confirmations.

The Sanctions Clause did not need to be the subject of any offer, acceptance
or consideration

93 The plaintiff’s third submission is that the Sanctions Clause was not a
term of the defendant’s confirmations because the Sanctions Clause was not
itself the subject of any offer, acceptance or consideration. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 273.

In the plaintiff’s own words, the Sanctions Clause could become a term of the
confirmations only if it was “specifically negotiated and bargained for and
expressly agreed to by the parties”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 209.

94 I reject the plaintiff’s submission. The submission frames the Sanctions
Clause as a variation of an existing contract. That is not the correct
position in law. As I have established, each of the defendant’s two
confirmations was in law an offer of a unilateral contract, separate from and
autonomous of the letter of credit being confirmed. The confirmation was not a
variation of the letter of credit. Nor is the Sanctions Clause a variation of
the confirmations.

95 The confirmations expressly set out the text of the Sanctions Clause. It
was thereby a term of the defendant’s offer from the time the defendant made
the offer. There was no need for the plaintiff to offer the Sanctions Clause
separately, for the defendant to accept the Sanctions Clause separately or for
the defendant to supply consideration for the Sanctions Clause separately. The
Sanctions Clause simply existed from the time the defendant confirmed the
letter of credit as a term of the defendant’s offer, together with all of the
other terms of the offer. If and when the plaintiff made a complying
presentation to the defendant, a unilateral contract would come into existence
on all of those terms. Those terms would include the Sanctions Clause.

96 This analysis of a confirmation does not put a beneficiary in an invidious
or uncommercial position. In accordance with ordinary contractual principles,
a beneficiary comes under no obligation to the confirming bank by virtue of
the confirmation. It is therefore open to the beneficiary: (a) to consider the
terms of the confirmation; (b) to compare those terms to terms which are
customary or available from other banks; and (c) to compare those terms to the
terms of the letter of credit. Having made that comparison, it is open to the
beneficiary to do any one of the following: (a) to accept the confirming
bank’s offer; (b) to bargain with the confirming bank for a fresh offer on
improved terms; (c) to reject the confirming bank’s offer and to bargain with
the applicant and the issuing bank to permit a different bank to confirm the
letter of credit on improved terms; or (c) to ignore the confirmation and
accept the issuing bank’s offer. If the beneficiary chooses to accept the
confirming bank’s offer, it makes a presentation to the confirming bank. If
the presentation is a complying presentation, a unilateral contract is formed
between the beneficiary and the confirming bank. If the remaining terms of the
confirmation are satisfied, the confirming bank becomes contractually obliged
to pay the beneficiary against the presentation.

97 For the foregoing reasons, there is no need in law – and indeed there is no
opportunity in fact – for a beneficiary to accept expressly one out of the
many terms of a confirming bank’s offer or to provide consideration for that
term.

Conclusion

98 In conclusion, I hold that the Sanctions Clause was duly incorporated, on
the law and on the facts, as a contractual term of both of the defendant’s
confirmations. The defendant was at liberty to introduce the Sanctions Clause
as a term of its confirmations even though that clause was not found in the
letter of credit itself. The defendant made the Sanctions Clause manifest in
the defendant’s confirmations with the necessary prominence. The Sanctions
Clause thereafter operated as a term of the defendant’s offer of a unilateral
contract, not as variation either of the letter of credit or of the
confirmations.

The Sanctions Clause is valid and enforceable

99 The second broad issue I must determine is whether the Sanctions Clause is
valid and enforceable. I take this as the plaintiff’s submission that the
Sanctions Clause ought not to be construed so as to detract from the
defendant’s fundamental obligation to pay against a complying presentation.

100 The plaintiff submits that the Sanctions Clause is not valid or
enforceable for any one of four reasons:

(a) First, the Sanctions Clause is fundamentally inconsistent with the
commercial purpose of the confirmations. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 266(f) and 266(g).

(b) Second, the Sanctions Clause confers on the defendant a high level of
discretion in deciding whether to pay against a complying presentation. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 124, 133(b), 252, 276(c) and 519.

(c) Third, the Sanctions Clause is a “non-documentary condition” and should
therefore be disregarded as it is inconsistent with the documentary nature of
a letter of credit transaction. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 278 and 280–281.

(d) Finally, the Sanctions Clause is worded so broadly as to be unworkable. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 19.

101 I reject all four of the plaintiff’s submissions.

The Sanctions Clause is not fundamentally inconsistent with the commercial
purpose of the confirmations

102 The plaintiff’s first submission is that the Sanctions Clause is not valid
or enforceable because it is fundamentally inconsistent with the commercial
purpose of a confirmation. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 266(f) and 266(g).

103 The commercial purpose of a confirmation is to give the beneficiary an
alternate paymaster to which it can look to for payment, in addition to the
issuing bank. I accept that a confirming bank cannot add a term to its
confirmation which is fundamentally inconsistent with this commercial purpose.
This constraint is suggested by the italicised words in the passage from para
37 of the UCP600 Commentary which I have quoted at [81] above.

104 In my view, a term is fundamentally inconsistent with the commercial
purpose of a confirmation only if the effect of the term is directly
contradictory to that purpose, ie if it renders a confirmed letter of credit
no different in substance from an unconfirmed letter of credit. Thus, for
example, a confirming bank cannot include a term in its confirmation which
entitles it not to pay the beneficiary against a complying presentation unless
and until the issuing bank reimburses the confirming bank. A term to this
effect is directly contradictory to the confirming bank’s status as an
alternate paymaster. The intended contractual purpose of a confirming bank
becomes completely illusory. A term to this effect is therefore fundamentally
inconsistent with the commercial purpose of a confirmation.

105 As the authors of the UCP600 Commentary put it (at p 397):

17\. The Undertaking of a Confirming Bank.

…

c. … There is, however, a limit beyond which the confirmer may not pass,
namely it cannot confirm a credit while refusing to make payment unless it is
reimbursed by the issuer. Such an undertaking is a contradiction in terms and
the qualification should not be given effect where the undertaking purports to
be a confirmation.

…

106 The Sanctions Clause does not contradict the fundamental commercial
purpose of a confirmation. Even with the Sanctions Clause incorporated as a
term of the defendant’s confirmations, the confirmations continued to give the
plaintiff rights against the defendant which were in substance additional to
the plaintiff’s rights against the issuing bank. The defendant remained in
substance an alternate paymaster to the issuing bank.

107 I therefore hold that the Sanctions Clause is not invalid or unenforceable
on the ground that it is fundamentally inconsistent with the commercial
purpose of a confirmed letter of credit.

The Sanctions Clause does not confer a high level of discretion

108 The plaintiff’s second submission is that the Sanctions Clause is invalid
or unenforceable because it confers on the defendant a high level of
discretion in deciding whether to pay against a complying presentation based
on its internal sanctions policy. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 124, 133(b), 252, 276(c) and 519.

This level of discretion, the plaintiff submits, amounts to rendering illusory
the irrevocable nature of the confirmation. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 252 and 523.

Narrow and wide sanctions clauses

109 It is a legal and regulatory reality that a bank is obliged to comply with
the general law. A given jurisdiction’s general law includes its sanctions
laws and regulations. A bank’s obligation to comply with applicable laws and
regulations can affect its ability to perform its contractual obligations.
These obligations can include those which arise from a letter of credit or a
confirmation. A bank which operates in multiple jurisdictions thereby subjects
itself to multiple applicable sanctions laws and regulations which may have
cumulative, overlapping or even contradictory effect.

110 The ICC recognises this legal and regulatory reality. In an ICC paper
titled “The Use of Sanctions Clauses in Trade Finance-Related Instruments
Subject To ICC Rules, Including Documentary and Standby Letters of Credit,
Documentary Collections and Demand Guarantees” (“the ICC Guidance Paper”). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 275–276; Plaintiff’s Supplementary
Bundle of Authorities dated 31 December 2021, Tab 20.

the ICC says (at para 1.3):

1.3 Sanctions may restrict a bank’s ability to perform its role under ICC
rules. International banks may be confronted with different sanctions regimes
imposed in the multiple jurisdictions in which they operate. As a result,
those banks may be subject to conflicting regulatory requirements, and
consequently be amenable to formulating internal policies to mitigate the
resulting legal risks. Some banks have chosen to control these legal risks by
use of sanctions clauses.

111 To avoid breaching an applicable jurisdiction’s sanctions laws and
regulations by performing a contractual obligation, a bank may incorporate a
clause in its letters of credit and in its confirmations permitting it to
refuse to pay against a complying presentation if doing so would breach an
applicable jurisdiction’s sanctions laws and regulations. I shall call this
type of sanctions clause a “narrow sanctions clause”. The ICC Guidance Paper
expressly acknowledges that banks use narrow sanctions clauses (at para 2.1):

2.1 Concerned about the implications of sanctions for their own obligations
under trade-related transactions, and seeking to notify their counterparties,
whether correspondent banks or beneficiaries, banks sometimes include so-
called “sanctions clauses” in transaction documents.

112 To eliminate any possibility of breaching an applicable jurisdiction’s
sanctions laws and regulations by performing a contractual obligation, a bank
may be tempted to go beyond a narrow sanctions clause and incorporate what I
shall call a “wide sanctions clause”. A wide sanctions clause entitles the
bank to refuse to pay against a complying presentation simply because doing so
may breach the bank’s own internal sanctions policy, regardless of whether it
would breach any applicable sanctions laws and regulations.

113 A wide sanctions clause is clearly capable of introducing wholly
undesirable uncertainty into the operation of a letter of credit or a
confirmation. A bank’s internal sanctions policy is, by definition, internal.
Unlike an applicable jurisdiction’s sanctions laws and regulations, an
applicant and a beneficiary will not know, and indeed cannot know, a bank’s
internal sanctions policy. The level of discretion that a wide sanctions
clause affords to a bank to decline payment might well amount in substance to
rendering a letter of credit or a confirmation de facto revocable even if it
remains de jure and on its face irrevocable. Further, to the extent that even
a nominated bank will not know and cannot know an issuing bank’s internal
sanctions policy, a wide sanctions clause can introduce banking uncertainty as
against the nominated bank. The ICC Guidance Paper makes this entirely valid
point at paras 2.4 and 2.5:

2.4 If the sanctions clauses in … letters of credit … allow the issuer a level
of discretion as to whether or not to honour beyond the statutory or
regulatory requirements applicable to that issuer, they bring into question
the irrevocable and documentary nature of the letter of credit or guarantee. …

2.5 Where sanctions clauses that refer to banks’ internal policy requirements
appear in the letter of credit … the nominated bank is in a difficult position
as it is not aware of the internal sanctions policy that the issuing bank
might elect to apply. … As a result, a nominated bank’s risk assessment is
likely not only to include the issuing bank and the country risk, but also the
assessment of the likelihood of a prohibited reimbursement due to sanctions
regulations or an internal, sanctions-related policy. This may result in
increased costs, delays and potential disputes.

114 The plaintiff submits that the ICC Guidance Paper “condemns” the use of
sanctions clauses. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 274–277.

That is not correct. In fact, the Guidance Paper notes the use of narrow
sanctions clauses (see [111] above) without condemning them. And, in so far as
the ICC Guidance Paper deprecates the use of narrow sanctions clauses, it does
so not because they render a letter of credit or a confirmation de facto
revocable. It does so only because they are in the authors’ view unnecessary
in that they do no more than state the obvious, ie that a bank is entitled not
to pay against a complying presentation if that would put it in breach of the
general law. The authors’ concern is that including a narrow sanctions clause,
given that it is unnecessary, may cause confusion or may even expose the bank
to legal liability (at paras 1.4 and 2.2):

1.4 Sanctions laws and regulations to which a bank engaged in a trade finance-
related instrument is subject may include those of its country of operation,
its country of incorporation or registration, the country of the currency or
the place of payment, and any other jurisdiction whose laws govern the
transaction. Where they are determined to be applicable to the instrument,
sanctions laws and regulations are generally considered as being mandatory and
thus may override the ICC rules applicable to that instrument and, more
generally, the contractual terms of the instrument. If these are the only
sanctions laws and regulations applicable to the parties, adding a clause in a
trade finance-related instrument stating the bank’s commitment to respect such
sanctions law or regulation applicable to it by law may be unnecessary and
lead to confusion. In some circumstances, banks may even face legal liability
in some countries if mandatory laws prohibit the use of such clauses on
grounds of discrimination …

…

2.2 There is no standard for these clauses and they vary considerably in their
scope. Where they simply state: “[The bank] is under a statutory duty to
comply with sanctions laws and regulation mandatorily applicable to [it]”,
they are merely informational and do not extend beyond applicable laws and
regulation.

115 As for wide sanctions clauses, it is true that the ICC Guidance Paper
expresses greater concern about their use. But even then, it does not condemn
wide sanctions clauses. It merely recommends against their use (see para 4.1):

4.1 It is recommended that banks should refrain from issuing trade finance-
related instruments that include sanctions clauses that purport to impose
restrictions beyond, or conflict with, the applicable statutory or regulatory
requirements. …

116 The question which now arises is whether, and to what extent, the ICC
Guidance Paper affects the contractual force to be given to the Sanctions
Clause.

The Sanctions Clause is a narrow sanctions clause

117 The defendant’s Sanctions Clause, in so far as it is relevant for present
purposes, entitles the defendant not to pay the plaintiff against a complying
presentation if the documents presented involve a vessel subject to US
sanctions laws and regulations. In my view, this is a narrow sanctions clause.
It is clear beyond doubt that, as a US bank, the defendant is subject to US
laws and regulations, including US sanctions laws and regulations. The content
of the Sanctions Clause does not go beyond the statutory or regulatory
obligations imposed on the defendant by US sanctions laws and regulations. The
clause does not amount in substance to giving the defendant a discretion
whether to pay against a complying presentation which renders its confirmation
de facto revocable.

118 Furthermore, in so far as the defendant did in fact rely on its internal
sanctions policy when it carried out the sanctions screening, it did so merely
to ascertain whether the documents presented involved a vessel subject to US
sanctions laws and regulations. Put another way, the defendant did not rely on
its sanctions policy to go beyond the content of US sanctions laws and
regulations. Instead, it relied on its sanctions policy merely for the
procedure which it used to identify whether the vessel carrying the coal sold
to the buyer came within the content of US sanctions laws and regulations.

119 I therefore hold that the Sanctions Clause is not invalid or unenforceable
on the ground that it confers a discretion on the defendant which makes the
defendant’s confirmation de facto revocable.

The Sanctions Clause is not a non-documentary condition

120 The plaintiff’s third submission is that the Sanctions Clause is a “non-
documentary condition” and is therefore invalid or unenforceable as being
inconsistent with the documentary nature of a letter of credit transaction. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 278 and 280–281.

121 A non-documentary condition is a term of a letter of credit or of a
confirmation which does not relate to the presentation of a document. The
plaintiff’s submission is that the Sanctions Clause is a non-documentary
condition because it is a term of the defendant’s confirmation which does not
require the beneficiary to tender a stipulated document in order to make a
complying presentation. It is true that the Sanctions Clause does not require
the plaintiff to tender a document. But the plaintiff’s submission that the
Sanctions Clause is on that ground a non-documentary condition is based on a
fundamental misunderstanding of the scope and purpose of the rule against non-
documentary conditions.

122 For a letter of credit transaction to fulfil its commercial purpose as a
payment mechanism, it is essential: (a) that the beneficiary know with
certainty what it must do to secure payment from the issuing or confirming
bank; and (b) that the issuing and confirming banks know with equal certainty
when they are obliged to pay the beneficiary. It is for that reason that the
governing principle as between the banks and both the applicant and the
beneficiary is that banks deal with documents, not with goods, services or the
performance of any obligations to which the documents may relate (see Art 5 of
the UCP600). Furthermore, Art 16 of the UCP600 obliges banks to examine only
the documents which the beneficiary presents to determine whether the
beneficiary has made a complying presentation. In this way, the issuing bank
(together with the letter of credit) and the confirming bank (together with
its confirmation) are insulated legally and commercially from any dispute
between applicant and beneficiary under their contract or between one or both
of them and a third party such as an insurer or a shipper. The rule against
non-documentary conditions exists because these conditions create a high risk
of puncturing that insulation and undermining the certainty which all parties
require.

123 The Sanctions Clause does not come within the scope of the rule
prohibiting non-documentary conditions and does not engage the purpose of that
rule. The Sanctions Clause does not govern what the plaintiff must do in order
to make a complying presentation under the letter of credit or under the
confirmation. Indeed, it is not in dispute that the plaintiff did make a
complying presentation in November 2019, at least on the second attempt. The
Sanctions Clause therefore creates no uncertainty about what sort of
presentation entitles the plaintiff to be paid and obliges the defendant to
pay. The Sanctions Clause operates post-presentation to permit the defendant
not to pay the plaintiff against a complying presentation if the documents
involve a vessel subject to the sanctions laws and regulations of the United
States of America. That is a condition of payment, but is not a non-
documentary condition of payment in the sense that that term is used as a term
of art.

124 I therefore hold that the Sanctions Clause is not invalid or unenforceable
on the ground that it is a non-documentary condition.

The Sanctions Clause is not unworkable

125 The plaintiff’s final submission is that the Sanctions Clause is worded so
broadly as to be unworkable. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 19.

That is because the phrase “…all sanctions … laws and regulations of the U.S
and of other applicable jurisdictions to the extent that they do not conflict
with such U.S laws and regulations…” makes the laws of every jurisdiction in
the world applicable to permit the defendant not to pay against a complying
presentation, excluding only those that conflict with US sanctions laws and
regulations. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 19.

126 I reject this submission for two reasons.

127 First, the plaintiff appears to think that this phrase sets out the
governing law of the confirmations. It does not. This phrase serves to
delineate the sanctions laws and regulations with which the defendant is
obliged to comply when it issues a letter of credit or confirms a letter of
credit. This phrase does not make any of those laws, let alone all of them,
the governing law of the confirmations. There is no dispute that the governing
law of the confirmations is Singapore law. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 20–30; Defendant’s Closing Submissions
at para 172.

128 Second, this submission gives no meaning to the word “applicable” in this
phrase. The plaintiff submits that, on the facts of this case, there are four
possible sanctions laws and regulations involved: Dubai, where the issuing
bank is located; (b) Indonesia, where the coal was loaded; (c) Pakistan, where
the coal was delivered; and (d) Singapore, where the plaintiff and the
defendant are located. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 119.

This argument is misconceived. In interpreting this phrase in the Sanctions
Clause, I must bear in mind the commercial purpose of the clause (see MCH
International Pte Ltd and others v YG Group Pte Ltd and others and other
appeals [2019] 2 SLR 837 at [26]). The commercial purpose of the clause is to
address an extra-contractual legal and regulatory compliance risk which the
defendant undertakes when confirming a letter of credit. That risk is
multiplied for the defendant for two reasons. First, because it is
incorporated and has its head office in a jurisdiction which has a long and
growing suite of sanctions laws and regulations. Second, because of the number
of jurisdictions worldwide in which the defendant operates. As such, the
phrase “other applicable jurisdictions” must mean the sanctions laws other
than US sanctions laws which are applicable to the branch of the defendant
which issues or confirms a letter of credit.

129 That narrows the applicable sanctions laws regulations in any given case
to those of a finite number of readily ascertainable jurisdictions. In this
case, there are only two applicable sanctions laws: (a) US sanctions laws and
regulations, because the defendant is a bank incorporated and regulated in the
US; and (b) Singapore sanctions laws and regulations, because it is the
defendant’s Singapore branch which confirmed the letters of credit. On no
reasonable interpretation of the Sanctions Clause are the sanctions laws and
regulations of Dubai, Indonesia or Pakistan within the scope of the clause on
the facts of this case.

130 I therefore hold that the Sanctions Clause is not unworkably wide by
reason of the phrase “…all sanctions … laws and regulations of the U.S and of
other applicable jurisdictions to the extent that they do not conflict with
such U.S laws and regulations…”.

The Sanctions Clause entitles the defendant to refuse to pay the plaintiff

131 I have found thus far that the Sanctions Clause is not only a term of the
defendant’s confirmations but is a valid and enforceable term of the
confirmations.

132 The final broad issue I must determine is whether, on the facts of this
case, the Sanctions Clause entitled the defendant to refuse to pay the
plaintiff against its complying presentation. I have determined this issue in
favour of the defendant for three reasons: (a) the defendant’s Singapore
branch is not a legal entity distinct from its US branches; (b) the defendant
is subject to US sanctions laws and regulations in relation to its operations
worldwide including through its Singapore branch; and (c) paying the plaintiff
would have exposed the defendant to a penalty for breaching US sanctions laws
and regulations as those laws and regulations are published, interpreted,
applied and enforced.

133 I now set out my reasons for coming to these conclusions.

The defendant is a single legal entity worldwide

134 The Sanctions Clause comprises two sentences. The first sentence states
that the defendant is obliged to comply with US sanctions laws and
regulations. The second sentence, for present purposes, entitles the defendant
to refuse to pay the plaintiff against a complying presentation if the
documents involve a vessel subject to US sanctions laws and regulations.

135 The first sentence of the Sanctions Clause is merely a statement. It
grants no rights and imposes no obligations. It has no contractual content. It
is only the second sentence of the Sanctions Clause which grants the defendant
an entitlement. It is only the second sentence which has contractual content.

136 As the Sanctions Clause is drafted, the first sentence is not expressed to
be a condition precedent to the defendant’s entitlement under the second
sentence. Whether the defendant is in fact obliged to comply with US sanctions
laws and regulations therefore has no contractual bearing on whether the
defendant is entitled to refuse to pay the plaintiff against a complying
presentation. It is not a condition precedent to relying on that contractual
entitlement that the defendant prove that the statement which the first
sentence makes is true. The plaintiff has nevertheless taken the point that
that statement is not true, and the defendant has responded to it. I therefore
begin with an analysis of this point.

137 The plaintiff’s submission on this point is as follows. The defendant is
the Singapore branch of a bank incorporated and regulated in the US. There is
therefore a legal distinction between the defendant’s Singapore branch and the
defendant’s US branches. Only the defendant’s US branches have an obligation
to comply with US sanctions laws and regulations. The defendant, being the
defendant’s Singapore branch, has no such obligation. The first sentence of
the Sanctions Clause is therefore untrue in respect of the defendant’s
Singapore branch.

138 To the extent that this point is relevant at all, I reject the plaintiff’s
submission on it. I accept instead the defendant’s submission that a branch of
a bank – just like the branch of a foreign corporation carrying on any other
business – is not a legal entity separate from the foreign corporation itself.
The head office of a foreign corporation in its place of incorporation and all
of its branches worldwide are simply geographically distributed manifestations
of a single legal entity (see TMT Co Ltd v The Royal Bank of Scotland plc
(trading as RBS Greenwich Futures) and others [2018] 3 SLR 70 at [53]). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 131.

139 The plaintiff cites Art 3 of the UCP600 in support of its submission on
this point. Article 3 provides that branches of a bank in different countries
are considered to be separate banks. The plaintiff argues that the effect of
Art 3 is that the defendant’s Singapore branch is a legal entity distinct from
its US branches for the purposes of the Sanctions Clause. It is therefore
obliged to comply only with Singapore law and has no obligation to comply with
US law, including US sanctions laws and regulations. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 24–25 and 27; Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions at paras 23–32.

140 Article 3 of the UCP600 does not support the plaintiff’s submission.
Article 3 merely prescribes that, for the purposes of a letter of credit
transaction, the branches of a bank in different countries are to be
considered separate banks (see UCP600 Commentary at p 241). The effect of
Article 3 is purely contractual: it is a legal fiction which takes effect only
as a term of a contract which is subject to the UCP600. Further, it applies
only to rights and obligations which arise under the contract. Article 3 has
no application to questions of status or to obligations which arise under the
general law. Article 3 does not – and indeed cannot – prescribe as a matter of
general law that the branches of a bank in a particular country have for all
purposes the status of a legal entity which is separate from the bank’s
branches in every other country.

141 The plaintiff also relies for this submission on the fact that: (a) the
defendant is registered in Singapore as a foreign company under the Companies
Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed); and (b) the defendant’s branches in Singapore are
licensed and regulated collectively as a “bank in Singapore” under the Banking
Act 1970 (2020 Rev Ed). 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 25 to 28.

But the only effect of these provisions is to require a foreign corporation
which intends to carry on business as a bank in Singapore to do so in
compliance with both Singapore’s company law and Singapore’s banking law. It
is misconceived to argue that these provisions give a foreign bank’s Singapore
branch the status of a legal entity separate from the foreign bank’s branches
in every other jurisdiction. It is even more misconceived to argue that these
provisions somehow insulate a foreign corporation carrying on business in
Singapore as a bank from the law of every other jurisdiction in respect of its
activities in Singapore.

142 I therefore hold that the defendant’s branches outside the US, including
its Singapore branch, and its US branches are a single legal entity. I hold
also that the fact that the defendant’s Singapore branch is licensed and
regulated in Singapore does not insulate the defendant’s activities through
its Singapore branch from being subject to a law other than Singapore law.

The defendant is subject to US sanctions laws

143 The next question which arises is whether US sanctions laws and
regulations are intended to apply to the defendant’s activities though its
branches in Singapore. This is a question of US law, ie foreign law.

Proof of foreign law

144 The principles relating to proof of foreign law are not disputed, and can
be briefly stated:

(a) The content of foreign law is a question of fact which must be proved (see
Malayan Banking Bhd v Bakri Navigation Co Ltd and another [2020] 2 SLR 167 at
[59]). That is because the court lacks knowledge of foreign law and must be
informed of its content by the evidence of witnesses. The court cannot simply
take judicial notice of foreign law (see EFT Holdings, Inc and another v
Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 at [57]), at
least not in the absence of a statutory basis for doing so.

(b) The party asserting foreign law bears the burden of proving it as an issue
of fact (see Star Cruise Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank Ltd [1999] 2
SLR(R) 183 at [77]).

(c) Foreign law can be proved either by directly adducing raw sources of
foreign law in evidence where permitted by statute (see ss 39(b), 39(c), 40,
59(1)(b), 80(1)(c) and 80(2) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed)) or by
adducing the opinion of an expert in the foreign law (see Pacific Recreation
Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific
Recreation”) at [54]).

(d) The court is not obliged to accord raw sources of foreign law any
evidentiary weight. This is because the content of the raw source, approached
on its own, may mislead persons not familiar with that system of law (see
Pacific Recreation at [60] and [78]).

(e) As such, raw sources of foreign law should be accompanied by expert
evidence on the foreign law. Expert evidence may be especially helpful where,
for instance, the foreign legislation has no equivalent in our own
legislation, or where the issue is of great complexity or is the subject of
controversy in the foreign jurisdiction (see Pacific Recreation at [60]).

(f) Where expert evidence of the foreign law is uncontradicted, the court will
normally be reluctant to reject it. In any event, the court is not entitled to
do so based on its own research. A court will normally accept uncontradicted
expert evidence unless it is, for example, obviously false, obscure,
extravagant, lacking in obvious objectivity and impartiality or patently
absurd (see Re Gerald Martin Smith Serious Fraud Office and another v
Litigation Capital Ltd (a company incorporated in the Marshall Islands) and
others [2021] EWHC 1272 (Comm) at [512]).

The expert evidence of US law

145 The plaintiff chose not to call an expert witness on US sanctions laws and
regulations. The sole expert witness on US sanctions laws and regulations was
therefore the defendant’s expert, Mr Brian James Egan (“Mr Egan”).

146 Mr Egan is an attorney at law admitted to practice in the District of
Columbia. He was a partner in the US law firm Steptoe & Johnson LLP at the
time of his report. By the time of the trial in October 2021, he had left
Steptoe & Johnson LLP to join the US law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom LLP.

147 Mr Egan has considerable expertise in public international law and in US
law relating to economic sanctions, export controls and national security. Mr
Egan also has experience working in the US Department of the Treasury. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Brian Egan’s AEIC at pp 4–5.

That is the arm of the US government which implements, administers and
enforces US sanctions laws and regulations. It carries out this function
through a division known as the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 4(a).

148 Mr Egan’s expert evidence is set out in his affidavit of evidence in chief
and supplementary affidavit of evidence in chief. At trial, Mr Egan
supplemented his affidavits with oral evidence in chief, given with leave. I
also put some questions to Mr Egan in the course of his oral evidence in
chief, without objection from either party.

149 The substance and content of Mr Egan’s expert evidence is uncontradicted
and unchallenged. The plaintiff did put written questions to Mr Egan before
trial. The written questions which the plaintiff chose to put to Mr Egan did
not in any way touch on the substance or the content of his expert evidence.
The questions went instead solely to his credibility. They related principally
to: (a) Mr Egan’s terms of reference and the circumstances in which he had
produced his expert report; (b) any prior connection Mr Egan might have with
the defendant; and (c) the remuneration which Mr Egan’s firm had already
received and was going to receive for his expert opinion. None of the answers
which Mr Egan gave to these questions affected his credibility in the
slightest.

150 At trial, the plaintiff elected not to put any questions by way of viva
voce cross-examination to Mr Egan at all, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Certified Transcript, 28 October 2021, p 29:11–14.

whether in relation to his affidavits of evidence in chief, in relation to his
oral evidence in chief or in relation to the answers he gave at trial to my
questions to him.

151 I accept Mr Egan’s evidence in its entirety. I make my findings on US law
entirely in accordance with his evidence. I do so not just because the
substance and content of his evidence is uncontradicted and unchallenged. I do
so also because I found him to be a thorough, knowledgeable, credible and
impartial witness. His evidence was accordingly of great assistance on the
issues of fact about the content of US sanctions laws and regulations and how
those laws and regulations are published, interpreted, applied and enforced.

152 All statements about US sanctions laws and regulations in the remainder of
this judgment amount to my findings of fact arising from my decision to accept
Mr Egan’s evidence in its entirety.

The implementation of US sanctions against Syria

153 The US government maintains a suite of sanctions against many countries.
These sanctions are imposed either by an order issued by the executive of the
US federal government or by a statute passed by the legislature of the US
federal government. But these orders and statutes impose sanctions only in
broad terms. The detailed content of US sanctions, regardless of who imposes
them, is implemented through comprehensive regulations published by OFAC.
These regulations also set out the procedures by which OFAC investigates and,
if warranted, imposes civil penalties for any breach of US sanctions. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at paras 9 and 11.

154 The content of US sanctions against Syria is set out in Executive Order
13582 (August 17, 2011) issued by the US President and the Syrian Sanctions
Regulations 31 CFR (US) § 542 (2014) (“SySR”) issued by OFAC. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) at paras 24–30; Brian Egan’s Expert Report at paras
15–31.

The persons obliged to comply with US sanctions against Syria

155 The SySR applies only to a “US person”. Section 319 of the SySR defines a
US person as, inter alia, any “entity organised under the laws of the United
States or any jurisdiction within the United States (including foreign
branches)”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 26; Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities
(“DBOA”), Tab 1, p 17. See also Executive Order 13582 at Section 8(c) (DBOA,
Tab 2, p 38).

Therefore, the defendant and all of its branches worldwide is a “US person”
within the meaning of the SySR. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at paras 7, 26 and 32–35.

This includes the defendant’s Singapore branch.

156 OFAC may exempt a US person from the SySR or authorise a US person to
participate in transactions despite the sanctions. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at paras 28–29.

The defendant did not at any time have a relevant exemption or authorisation
from OFAC.

157 On the basis of Mr Egan’s evidence, I accept that the SySR requires the
defendant’s Singapore branch to comply with the US sanctions programme against
Syria, even in respect of its activities in Singapore, even with persons with
no connections to the US, and even in respect of activities which are governed
only by Singapore law as a matter of private law. I have already rejected the
plaintiff’s misconceived submission (see [141] above) that the defendant’s
Singapore branch – as a foreign corporation carrying on business as a bank in
Singapore licensed and regulated under Singapore law – is entitled to do so
only in compliance with Singapore law and therefore without regard for US law.

158 For the foregoing reasons, in so far as there is any contractual content
to the first sentence of the Sanctions Clause whatsoever, I am satisfied that
the statement which that sentence makes is true: the defendant is obliged as a
matter of US law to comply with US sanctions laws and regulations.

Paying the plaintiff would have breached US sanctions

159 The next issue I must determine is whether the defendant can avail itself
of the benefit of the Sanctions Clause. Each party frames the defendant’s
burden on this issue in fundamentally different terms. The plaintiff submits
that the defendant must prove on the balance of probabilities that Omnia was
in fact owned by a Syrian entity at the material time. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 36; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at
para 283.

The defendant submits that it suffices for it to prove that OFAC would have
held that paying the plaintiff against its complying presentation would be a
breach of the SySR. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 199.

160 On the proper interpretation of the Sanctions Clause, I accept that the
defendant’s framing of the factual question is correct. To analyse that
factual question, I begin by summarising the content of the US sanctions
against Syria. Once again, the summary which follows is taken from Mr Egan’s
evidence and represents my findings of fact.

The content of US sanctions against Syria

161 The SySR prohibits US persons from being involved, directly or indirectly,
in several broad categories of transactions and related activities with
respect to Syria, the Government of Syria, and specific persons who are
blocked under US sanctions on Syria. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 25; DBOA, Tab 1, pp 8–10 and 13.

162 Section 207 of the SySR prohibits a US person, wherever located, from
supplying services directly or indirectly to Syria. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 25(c); paras 55–56.

The term “services” includes financial services. Supplying services to Syria
includes rendering services anywhere in the world where “the benefit of such
services is…received in Syria”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 25(c); para 55.

163 Section 210 of the SySR prohibits a US person from financing, facilitating
or guaranteeing a transaction by a foreign person where that transaction, if
undertaken by a US person, would be prohibited by the SySR. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 25(e) and para 56.

164 A confirming bank who pays a beneficiary against a complying presentation
of documents, where the documents relate to goods which are or were carried on
a vessel owned by a Syrian entity, breaches the SySR because it thereby
supplies financial services either directly or indirectly where the benefit of
the financial services is received in Syria. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 55.

The rules relating to contractual interpretation

165 I now turn to the proper interpretation of the Sanctions Clause. The
applicable principles of contractual interpretation are not disputed and can
be briefly restated:

(a) The purpose of contractual interpretation is to give effect to the
objectively ascertained intention of the contracting parties as it emerges
from the relevant contractual language read in context (see Yap Son On v Ding
Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 at [30]).

(b) The starting position is to consider the relevant text of the contractual
term (see Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd [2015]
5 SLR 1187 (“Y.E.S. F&B Group”) at [32]).

(c) In determining whether the text of the term is plain and unambiguous, the
court can consider the context in which it was used. However, the context must
be clear, obvious and known to both parties. Accordingly, the subjective
intention of the parties is irrelevant (see Y.E.S. F&B Group at [33], [39] and
[74]).

(d) Where the text is plain and unambiguous, the court ought to give effect to
that meaning since it will usually not lead to an absurd result (see Y.E.S.
F&B Group at [31]).

(e) It is only where, in light of extrinsic material which is evidence of its
context, the plain language of the term becomes absurd or ambiguous (ie, it
takes on another plausible meaning) that the court will be entitled to put an
interpretation on the term in question which is different from that demanded
by its plain language (Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior
Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [130]).

Interpreting the Sanctions Clause

166 I now apply these principles to the Sanctions Clause.

167 The Sanctions Clause entitles the defendant to refuse to pay the plaintiff
against a complying presentation if the documents involve a vessel subject to
“any applicable restriction”. The first sentence of the Sanctions Clause
defines “applicable restrictions” to mean, on the facts of this case, “all
sanctions…laws and regulations of the U.S.”.

168 The question which arises is this: what is the scope of the phrase “all
sanctions…laws and regulations of the U.S.”? The SySR and the executive order
under which it has been published are clearly within the scope of the phrase.
But I must also have regard to the commercial purpose of the Sanctions Clause.
That purpose is to mitigate or eliminate the regulatory, reputational and
financial risk that bank faces if it breaches US sanctions laws and
regulations or is found by OFAC to have breached US sanctions laws and
regulations.

169 I therefore accept the defendant’s submission 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Certified Transcript, 28 February 2022, p 60:6–26.

that the scope of the phrase “all sanctions…laws and regulations of the U.S.”
– read in context and in light of the commercial purpose of the Sanctions
Clause – must include the entire regulatory superstructure and infrastructure
of the US sanctions laws and regulations. On the facts of this case, the
phrase must therefore include not only the SySR which implements the content
of US sanctions on Syria but also OFAC’s guidelines on the standards it
expects US persons to adhere to in order to avoid breaching US sanctions and
OFAC’s approach to investigating and penalising breaches of US sanctions, as
summarised at [171]–[182] below.

170 Therefore, I hold that the defendant can avail itself of the benefit of
the Sanctions Clause if the defendant can prove that OFAC would have found
that the defendant’s act of paying the plaintiff against its complying
presentation would be a breach the SySR.

OFAC’s approach to investigating and penalising breaches of the SySR

171 I must now consider OFAC’s approach to investigating and penalising
breaches of the SySR. That approach must also be seen in light of OFAC’s
expectations of the conduct of US persons in order to avoid any such breach.
The position can be summarised as follows, again from Mr Egan’s evidence. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at paras 6 and 25.

172 OFAC has very wide powers to investigate what it calls “apparent
violations” of the SySR. These powers include the power to issue subpoenas to
gather evidence. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Certified Transcript, 28 October 2021, pp 6:2–17.

173 If, as a result of OFAC’s investigations, it forms the view that a US
person has committed a wilful breach of US sanctions, it is empowered to refer
the breach to the US Department of Justice for further investigation through
the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. If warranted, the Department of
Justice will then prosecute the US person for a criminal breach of the
sanctions in federal court. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at paras 9, 11 and 62; Certified Transcript, 28
October 2021, pp 3:18–4:14.

174 Having said that, OFAC deals with most breaches of US sanctions by
exercising its power to impose a civil penalty. The first step towards
imposing a civil penalty is for OFAC to issue what it calls a “pre-penalty
notice” to the US person suspected of the breach. The pre-penalty notice will
set out: (a) why OFAC considers that the US person has breached the sanctions;
and (b) the civil penalty which OFAC proposes to impose on the US person for
the breach.

175 The US person can respond to the pre-penalty notice by providing
exculpatory or mitigating information to OFAC in an effort to persuade it
either: (a) to withdraw the pre-penalty notice altogether; or (b) to reduce
the proposed penalty. If OFAC considers that the US person’s response does not
warrant withdrawal of the pre-penalty notice, it will issue what is called a
final penalty notice. This notice will set out OFAC’s determination that the
US person is in breach of US sanctions and fix the civil penalty payable for
the breach. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Certified Transcript, 28 October 2021, pp 6:16–7:10.

Liability for a civil penalty is strict. A US person can be liable to suffer a
civil penalty even if that US person breached US sanctions without any fault
whatsoever.

176 A pre-penalty notice signals OFAC’s view that the US person has in fact
breached US sanctions and that the breach warrants the issue of a final
penalty notice. Therefore, any US person who is the subject of an OFAC
investigation into an apparent violation will attempt to forestall even a pre-
penalty notice from being issued. It will do this by co-operating from the
earliest stages with OFAC’s investigation and by volunteering evidence. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Certified Transcript, 28 October 2021, pp 9:14–10:5.

177 A US person who is subject to a final penalty notice has a right to
challenge OFAC’s determination in the federal courts. A challenge to a final
penalty notice is very likely to fail. That is because the challenge takes
place under US federal administrative law. The approach on a challenge is that
the federal court gives great deference to OFAC, as the administrator of the
US sanctions programme, to state authoritatively the US Government’s position
on the interpretation of its regulations unless the interpretation is
manifestly unreasonable, arbitrary or capricious. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 11; Certified Transcript, 28 October 2021,
pp 7:11–8:9.

178 OFAC also issues guidance on the standards of due diligence it expects US
persons to adhere to in order to identify sanctioned entities and to avoid
breaching US sanctions. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at paras 45–52.

Under these guidelines, OFAC expects a US person to conduct due diligence on
its customers, supply chain, intermediaries, and counterparties. The guidance
also identifies common causes of sanctions breaches, including improper or
incomplete due diligence checks and inadequate awareness or knowledge of US
sanctions law and OFAC regulations.

179 Mr Egan provides two illustrations of OFAC’s approach to enforcing US
sanctions. In 2020, OFAC took enforcement action against the Deutsche Bank
Trust Company (“Deutsche Bank”). Deutsche Bank failed to take steps of its own
to ensure that a sanctioned entity was not involved in a particular
transaction despite several red flags giving the bank reason to know that the
sanctioned entity continued to be involved in the transaction. On that basis,
OFAC imposed a civil penalty on Deutsche Bank for breach of US sanctions.

180 In 2018, in a case against the defendant unrelated to this action, OFAC
imposed a civil penalty of US$5m on the defendant. In describing the
defendant’s breaches of US sanctions in that case, OFAC identified one of the
key aggravating factors as the defendant’s failure to take heed of several red
flags and other warning signs that entities subject to sanctions were
participating in transactions which the defendant processed.

181 In the specific context of the shipping industry, OFAC has published
several advisories placing US persons on notice of deceptive shipping
practices undertaken to evade US sanctions. These practices include changing
the name of a vessel, changing its ownership and using layered ownership
structures to mask the fact that the true ultimate or beneficial ownership of
the vessel is a sanctioned entity. OFAC specifically identifies the changing
of the name of a vessel as a common practice of vessels owned by Syrian
entities in order to evade sanctions.

182 In my view, the entire regulatory infrastructure and superstructure which
I have just described comes within the meaning of the phrase “sanctions … laws
and regulations of the US”. All of this is therefore within the scope of the
phrase “applicable restriction” in the second sentence of the Sanctions
Clause.

The defendant’s risk-based approach to sanctions compliance

183 The regulatory, reputational and financial risk of being subject to an
OFAC investigation of even an apparent violation of US sanctions – let alone
being the subject of a pre-penalty notice – coupled with OFAC’s expectations
of the due diligence to be conducted by US persons to avoid any breach of US
sanctions means that US persons are highly incentivised to exercise due
diligence whenever engaging in transactions which carry a risk of breaching US
sanctions. This incentive also explains why a US person may prefer to err on
the side of caution and decline to participate in a transaction despite the
risk of its due diligence flagging a false positive. This was clear from the
responses of Ms Alisha T. Burke (“Ms Burke”) to the questions which I put to
her. Ms Burke heads the Governance and Oversight team within the defendant’s
Sanctions Compliance department: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Certified Transcript, 27 October 2021, pp 33:17–34:6 and 35:12–18.

Court: … Are you saying that an entity or a vessel could be included on your
master list if the risk to the bank was less than 50 per cent of a violation
of US sanctions?

A: … if we have a sanctions nexus found in our evidence, we will add the
entity to the list if we find supporting documentation.

Court: In that sense, is it correct that you would prefer a false positive to
a false negative? You would prefer the risks associated with a false positive
to the risks associated with a false negative?

A: Yes.

184 When asked about the approach to analysing Omnia’s ownership status and
how high the risk was that it had a Syrian nexus, Ms Burke testified that the
defendant’s approach was not to associate a “risk score” with its analysis or
to view the assessment from a “percentage perspective”. Instead, the
defendant’s approach is to ask whether – having regard to its obligations
under US sanctions laws and regulations and informed by OFAC’s sanctions
compliance guidance and approach to enforcement action – the defendant’s
documentation and research supports a sufficient risk of a Syrian nexus. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at paras 14 and 16; Certified Transcript, 27 October 2021,
pp 30:15–33:25 and 34:19–24.

185 As Ms Burke herself candidly accepted in response to a question from me,
the defendant took a risk-based decision in December 2019, following the
plaintiff’s complying presentation, that it would rather be sued by the
plaintiff for failing to pay against a complying presentation than to be found
by OFAC to have breached US sanctions. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Certified Transcript, 27 October 2021, p 42:11–16.

Although this puts the bank’s risk analysis in the starkest of terms, it is
nevertheless a wholly accurate reflection of the position in which US banks
find themselves as a result of their obligation to comply with US sanctions. I
find this to be a rational and contractually justified approach.

The defendant was entitled to refuse to pay the plaintiff

186 I accept Mr Egan’s expert evidence that OFAC would have found the
defendant to have breached the SySR if the defendant paid the plaintiff
against its complying presentation.

187 To explain why, I begin by finding as a fact that Omnia was beneficially
and ultimately owned in 2015 by an entity known as Ali Samin Group, a Syrian
entity carrying on business in Syria. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at para 54.

The defendant secured that information as a result of its due diligence in
2015.

188 I find further that OFAC would have taken the view that Omnia continued to
be beneficially and ultimately owned by a Syrian entity in 2019 and therefore
continued to be subject to US sanctions. It would have taken that view because
of a number of red flags discovered by the defendant when it conducted due
diligence on Omnia again in August 2019: 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at paras 77–78.

(a) The vessel had changed its name to Omnia in February 2019.

(b) At the same time, it changed its registered owner and reported its
beneficial owner as “unknown owners” in place of the Ali Samin Group. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at paras 74(c)–(e).

(c) The new registered owner of Omnia was reported to be Omnia Maritime
Limited, an entity incorporated in Barbados. But there was very limited
information in the public domain on Omnia Maritime Ltd. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at paras 74(f)–(g); 1AB459.

(d) The technical manager of the Omnia was reported to be Serenity Ship
Management JTL, an entity incorporated in the United Arab Emirates. But the
beneficial owner of Serenity Ship Management JTL was also reported as
“unknown”.

(e) The defendant’s searches on publicly available sources suggested that
Omnia continued to have links to Syria. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Alisha Burke’s AEIC at paras 74(i)–(k).

189 Consistently with OFAC’s guidance and past enforcement action (see [178]
to [181] above), OFAC would see the results of the defendant’s due diligence
as suggesting that the change of the vessel’s name and the change of its
registered owner were simply intended to mask the vessel’s continuing Syrian
ownership. Further, the lack of information about the beneficial ownership of
the vessel and of the ship management company would be seen as suggesting that
the registered owner was a shell company and that the beneficial owners of the
vessel were using multiple ownership layers in order to disguise Syrian
beneficial ownership and evade US sanctions on Syria.

190 In my view, the due diligence which the defendant conducted on Omnia in
2015 and again in August 2019, its decision in August 2019 to continue to
treat Omnia as having a Syrian nexus and its refusal to pay the plaintiff in a
transaction relating to goods carried on Omnia after applying its risk-based
assessment are all entirely consistent with OFAC’s expectations of the steps a
US person must take in order to comply with the SySR.

191 I am satisfied that OFAC would have regarded the red flags which the
defendant discovered as a result of carrying out the expected due diligence as
pointing towards continued Syrian beneficial ownership of Omnia. It follows
that I am satisfied that OFAC would have considered the defendant to be in
breach of the SySR if it had paid the plaintiff against its complying
presentation. Indeed, OFAC confirmed that this would have been its position in
formal guidance which it gave to the defendant in June 2020 for the purposes
of this litigation. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 67–69; Brian Egan’s Expert Report at
paras 63–67.

Omnia continued to be owned by a Syrian entity

192 In any event, to the extent that it is the plaintiff’s framing which is
correct, I am also prepared to find that the red flags I have identified above
are sufficient circumstantial evidence to discharge the defendant’s burden of
proving on the balance of probabilities that Omnia was in fact owned by a
Syrian entity at the material time.

193 I am therefore satisfied that paying the plaintiff would have violated s
207 of the SySR in that it would have amounted to the defendant indirectly
providing financial services to Syria. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 55.

I am also satisfied that paying the plaintiff would have violated s 210 of the
SySR in that the defendant would have been financing or facilitating a
transaction involving activities undertaken by non-US persons where such
activities if undertaken by a US person would violate the SySR. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Brian Egan’s Expert Report at para 56.

Conclusion

194 Considering the evidence in totality, I am satisfied that, if the
defendant had paid the plaintiff against its complying presentation, OFAC
would have held that doing so was a breach of the SySR. In any event, I am
also independently satisfied that paying the plaintiff would have been a
breach of the SySR. The defendant is therefore entitled to rely on the
Sanctions Clause as a complete defence to the plaintiff’s claim.

Conclusion

195 For all the foregoing reasons, I have dismissed the plaintiff’s claim in
its entirety with costs. The defendant is entitled to recover its costs in
full as between party and party, with such costs to be assessed on the
standard basis. The defendant is entitled to its costs in full as between
party and party because it has been wholly successful in this action. There
are no grounds on which to deprive the defendant of any part of its costs.
Equally, there are no grounds on which to make an issue-based order for costs,
ie for awarding to the defendant the costs of some of the issues in this
action and awarding to the plaintiff the costs of some of the other issues.
The defendant’s costs are to be assessed on the standard basis because there
are no grounds on which to make an award of indemnity costs against the
plaintiff.

196 I have therefore fixed the costs which the plaintiff must pay the
defendant on the standard basis at $200,000 plus the defendant’s
disbursements, such disbursements to be agreed by the parties or fixed by the
court.

A coda on costs

197 Following my decision in this matter awarding costs to the defendant, the
plaintiff paid the defendant in full the costs of $200,000. But the parties
were unable to agree on disbursements. It therefore became necessary for me to
fix the disbursements. I now do so.

198 When assessing costs on the standard basis, the burden rests on the
receiving party – in this case the defendant – to show that each item of costs
which it claims was reasonably incurred and is reasonable in amount.

199 The defendant claims total disbursements of $135,474.13. The plaintiff
challenges only four items of these disbursements. The four items are:

(a) $89,362.03, being the equivalent of US$64,343.16, which are the fees which
the defendant has paid to Mr Egan for his expert evidence;

(b) $22,617.15 being disbursements such as filing fees, service fees, printing
charges, binding charges and other items;

(c) $17,419.73 being transcription fees for the trial including the oral
closing submissions; and

(d) $4,182.47 being oath, attendance and transport fees for the swearing or
affirmation of the defendant’s affidavits.

200 The plaintiff challenges these four items either on principle, on quantum
or both. I deal with these items in turn.

Mr Egan’s fees

201 The defendant claims $89,362.03 for Mr Egan’s fees. The defendant supports
this claim with six invoices which Mr Egan rendered to the defendant for work
done from February to October 2021. The defendant submits that Mr Egan’s fees
are recoverable in full because they were reasonably incurred and are
reasonable in amount. To support the latter point, the defendant relies on the
amount of research and other work that Mr Egan had to do to produce his
affidavit of evidence in chief and supplementary affidavit of evidence in
chief and to prepare for and give his oral evidence in chief at trial.

202 The plaintiff accepts that Mr Egan’s fees were reasonably incurred, and
that the defendant is therefore entitled in principle to recover his fees.
However, the plaintiff submits that the defendant has failed to discharge its
burden of showing that Mr Egan’s fees are reasonable in amount. The
defendant’s submission is that US$14,000, being 14 hours at a rate of US$1,000
per hour, would be a reasonable amount for Mr Egan’s fees.

203 Other than in a general qualitative sense, the defendant has not produced
any evidence to satisfy me that Mr Egan’s fees are reasonable in amount. Mr
Egan’s invoices are not detailed invoices. They are merely summary invoices
and are described as such. Each invoice simply set out in three lines: (a) a
lump sum fee for Mr Egan’s services during a specified period; (b) any
discount that Mr Egan has applied to those fees; and (c) a lump sum for his
disbursements over the same period. The invoices do not provide any quantified
breakdown of the lump sums, whether for fees or for disbursements. The
invoices do not set out a narrative describing the work which Mr Egan has done
to justify the lump sum invoiced. The defendant has not produced Mr Egan’s
timesheets. The defendant has not even produced any evidence of Mr Egan’s
hourly rate or of what would be a reasonable hourly rate for a practitioner of
Mr Egan’s seniority and expertise. I would have expected the defendant to do
at least some of these things to discharge its burden. In effect, the
defendant is seeking to recover Mr Egan’s fees on the indemnity basis: as
though the burden were on the plaintiff to show that Mr Egan’s fees are
unreasonable in amount.

204 I therefore accept the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant has
failed to discharge its burden of proving that the sum claimed for Mr Egan’s
fees is reasonable in amount. This item of disbursement cannot therefore be
allowed in full. Having said that, I consider that the plaintiff’s figure of
US$14,000 is a derisory underestimate of what would be a reasonable amount for
the work that Mr Egan did. I have no doubt that Mr Egan did far more than 14
hours work in this matter and that it was reasonable for him to do so. He had
to do all of the following: (a) review the documents disclosed in discovery;
(b) conduct legal research into US sanctions laws and regulations and the role
of OFAC in administering those sanctions, both generally and as they apply to
US sanctions against Syria and to banks; (c) draft and revise his two
affidavits; (d) prepare to give his oral evidence at trial; (e) give his oral
evidence at trial and respond to my questions. Further, Mr Egan’s evidence was
of considerable assistance to me. I have found his evidence to be correct in
its entirety. That finding of fact has had a decisive effect on the outcome of
this action.

205 The question then is what a reasonable amount for Mr Egan’s fees would be.
The defendant has failed to address in any quantitative or objectively
verifiable manner its burden to establish that the sum that Mr Egan has
invoiced is reasonable. It is therefore impossible to deconstruct the
defendant’s claim for his fees in any quantitative or objective manner in
order to assess its reasonableness and to arrive at a figure for his fees
which is reasonable. I therefore have no alternative but to make a broad-brush
assessment of what would be a reasonable amount of fees for the defendant to
have incurred in engaging Mr Egan.

206 In my view, that reasonable amount is $60,000. That figure is the
equivalent of US$43,200, applying the implied exchange rate that the defendant
has used. In effect, I consider a deduction of roughly one-third from the sum
that the defendant has claimed to be sufficient to account for the defendant’s
failure to discharge its burden of proving that $89,362.03 is a reasonable
amount for Mr Egan’s fees. That discount reflects my finding that the
defendant is attempting, in effect, to recover Mr Egan’s fees on the indemnity
basis even though my award of costs to the defendant was on the standard
basis.

Printing and binding charges

207 The defendant claims a total of $22,617.15 for filing fees, service fees,
printing charges and binding charges. Out of this item, the plaintiff
challenges only the claim for printing and binding charges, and even then only
on quantum. The plaintiff’s challenge, in summary, is that the defendant
printed and bound many more copies of the documents in this matter than were
reasonably necessary. These documents include the affidavits of evidence in
chief of the witnesses on both sides, the bundles of documents, the bundles of
authorities and the written submissions.

208 I reject the plaintiff’s submission. The defendant is a large,
sophisticated multinational corporation. Although the amount claimed in this
action is not of significant monetary value to the defendant, the outcome of
this action had significant non-monetary value for the defendant for two
reasons. First, it was a test case on the validity and enforceability of the
Sanctions Clause. Second, a finding that the defendant was in breach of
contract for failing to pay the plaintiff against a complying presentation
carried reputational consequences for the defendant in Singapore and
internationally in the market for trade financing. The defendant’s interest in
this action was therefore substantial and extended beyond Singapore. All of
this means that it was perfectly reasonable for the defendant’s internal and
external legal advisers, not just in Singapore but also in New York, to
monitor this action closely. That would have required multiple physical sets
of documents to be prepared. Further, two of the defendant’s witnesses gave
evidence remotely, by video link from different locations. That would have
required the defendant to give those witnesses not only a physical copy of
their own affidavit of evidence in chief but also of the entire set of trial
bundles for the cross-examination.

209 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the defendant did not print more
sets of these documents than were reasonably necessary. The defendant is
entitled to recover the printing and binding charges in full.

Transcription costs

210 The defendant claims $17,419.73 for the costs of real-time transcription
at trial and 24-hour transcription for the closing submissions. The plaintiff
challenges this item both on principle and on quantum.

211 The relevant facts are as follows. Before trial, the plaintiff and the
defendant discussed the type of transcription services to be engaged for
trial. The defendant proposed that the parties pay for real-time
transcription. The plaintiff counter proposed that the parties pay for
transcription with a delay of 14 working days. The plaintiff also offered to
share the costs for 14-day transcription. The parties could not agree. The
defendant therefore told the plaintiff that each side should engage its
preferred type of transcription and bear its own costs of doing so.

212 The plaintiff’s submission on principle is as follows. When the defendant
told the plaintiff pre-trial that each party should bear its own costs for
engaging its preferred type of transcription, that amounted to the defendant’
agreement that it would not seek to recover transcription costs from the
plaintiff under a post-judgment award of costs. Having agreed to bear its own
costs of transcription, the defendant cannot now recover any sum from the
plaintiff for transcription costs as party and party costs.

213 I do not accept the plaintiff’s submission on principle. When the
defendant said that each party should bear its own costs for engaging its
preferred type of transcription, that was in the context of a discussion about
the arrangements for paying the transcription costs in the first instance,
before judgment and as a matter of contract with the service provider. The
discussion was not about either party’s right to recover transcription costs
under a post-judgment award of costs as between party and party. The defendant
perhaps ought to have made this explicit by saying expressly that it reserved
the right, if it were to succeed at trial, to recover its transcription costs
from the plaintiff. But saying that pre-trial in the context of the discussion
which was then ongoing between the parties was unnecessary. The fact remains
that the parties were not then discussing the recovery of transcription costs
as between party and party.

214 The plaintiff’s alternative submission is that the defendant should
recover only $2,392.06 towards its transcription costs. That submission
proceeds as follows. The defendant has failed to discharge its burden of
showing that the transcription costs it seeks to recover from the plaintiff
are reasonable in amount, given that the cost of real-time transcription is
more than four times the cost of 14-day transcription. Further, the plaintiff
made a pre-trial offer to the defendant to share the costs for 14-day
transcription. The defendant should therefore recover only 50% of the costs of
14-day transcription for this item of disbursements. That sum is $2,392.06.

215 I accept the plaintiff’s submission on quantum. In my view, this was not a
dispute in which it was reasonable to engage real-time transcription for
trial. I say that for five reasons. First, this was not a fact-sensitive
dispute where the witnesses were to be subjected to searching cross-
examination in minute detail. In a dispute of that nature, it may be necessary
for counsel cross-examining a witness to demonstrate beyond argument and in
real time that a witness has changed his evidence or is guilty of recent
invention. And it is may equally be necessary for counsel calling a witness to
have immediate access to a verbatim transcript for re-examination. Second,
this was not a dispute where it was essential to challenge the evidence of one
witness with a verbatim record of the evidence of another witness given on the
same day or just a few days earlier. Third, this was not a dispute with
witnesses giving evidence by a fragile video link from a remote location where
a real-time transcript may be necessary to compensate for anticipated
technical difficulties with the audio. Fourth, this was not a dispute where
there was any urgency or some other factor warranting the court proceeding
straight from the close of the defence case to oral closing submissions.
Finally, this was not a case where – in the absence of any of these factors –
the parties agreed that real-time transcription was reasonably necessary. The
trial of this dispute, certainly on liability, proceeded largely on undisputed
facts and questions of law. The parties sought and were given over two months
after trial to file their written submissions. The plaintiff took the position
at the outset that real-time transcription was not reasonable and maintains
that objection now. I therefore accept that the cost of 14-day transcription
is the measure of the reasonable sum that the defendant should be able to
recover from the plaintiff for transcription costs. The plaintiff has
estimated this figure to be $4,784.11. The defendant has not provided an
alternative figure. I therefore accept the plaintiff’s figure of $4,784.11 as
a reasonable amount for the transcription costs of this action.

216 The plaintiff, however, goes on to submit that the defendant should be
entitled to recover only 50% of this figure. The basis of this submission is
the plaintiff’s pre-trial offer to bear 50% of the cost of 14-day
transcription. I do not accept this submission. Once again, the plaintiff is
confusing a pre-trial agreement on how to share the costs of transcription in
the first instance with a post-judgment entitlement to costs as between party
and party under an award of costs. The defendant succeeded entirely in the
trial. It is entitled to recover from the plaintiff the entire sum that it
should reasonably have incurred for transcription services.

217 The defendant is therefore entitled to recover $4,784.11 from the
plaintiff towards the transcription costs it incurred at trial. The remainder
of the transcription charges which the defendant incurred were unreasonably
incurred and are irrecoverable.

Oath, attendance and transport fees

218 The defendant claims $4,182.47 for oath, attendance and transport fees for
the swearing or affirmation of the defendant’s affidavits. The plaintiff
accepts that the defendant is entitled to recover oath fees but submits that
the defendant is not entitled to recover attendance or transport fees.

219 It appears that the attendance and transport fees in question are for a
commissioner for oaths to come either to the defendant’s solicitors’ office or
to the defendant’s own office for the deponents of the defendant’s affidavits
to swear or affirm their affidavits there rather than at the office of the
commissioner for oaths. This is undoubtedly a convenience for the defendant,
for the deponents of its affidavits and for its solicitors. But I accept that
the costs associated with this convenience is an element of solicitor and
client costs, and are not recoverable as between party and party.

220 The defendant has not supplied a breakdown to show how much of the
$4,182.47 claimed is attributable only to oath fees and how much is
attributable to attendance and transport fees. Once again, therefore, I find
that I must take a broad-brush approach. Applying that broad brush, I hold
that the defendant is entitled to recover only 50% of this sum from the
plaintiff. Rounded off, that amounts to $2,200. The remaining $1,982.47 is
irrecoverable.

Conclusion on costs

221 For the foregoing reasons, I hold that the defendant is entitled to
recover the disputed items of disbursements from the plaintiff as follows:

(a) Mr Egan’s fees: only $60,000.

(b) Transcription fees: $4,784.11.

(c) Printing and binding fees: in full as claimed.

(d) Oath, attendance and transport fees: $2,200.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Mahmood Gaznavi s/o Bashir Muhammad and Rezza Gaznavi (Mahmood Gaznavi
Chambers LLC) for the plaintiff;

Chia Voon Jiet, Charlene Wong Su-Yi and Grace Lim Rui Si (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Nov 2022 (11:17 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

