Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 197

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9244 of 2021

Between

Ravindran s/o Kumarasamy  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Forms of punishment —
Preventive detention]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Persistent offenders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ravindran s/o Kumarasamy

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 197

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9244 of 2021  
Vincent Hoong J  
4 May, 5 July 2022

22 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 In the court below, the appellant pleaded guilty to one charge of
voluntarily causing grievous hurt under s 325 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“PC”) and two charges of voluntarily causing hurt to a public servant
under s 332 of the PC. An additional charge under s 352 of the PC was taken
into consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

2 The district judge (“DJ”) imposed a sentence of ten years’ preventive
detention (“PD”), backdated to the date of the appellant’s arrest on 14
November 2019. The DJ’s grounds of decision can be found in Public Prosecutor
v Ravindran s/o Kumarasamy [2021] SGDC 247 (the “GD”).

3 The appellant now appeals against the sentence of PD and seeks to have it
substituted with a term of three years’ and one month’s imprisonment.

Facts

4 The facts pertaining to the appellant’s offences are comprehensively set out
in the GD. Therefore, I will only endeavour to outline the salient facts in
brief.

5 On 13 November 2019 at about 9.46pm, the first victim, Musaruddin Bin Yatim
was sitting outside Room 4022 located at level 4 of the Angsana Home. At about
the same time, the appellant came up to level 4 where his room was located. As
the appellant was walking towards the first victim, the first victim could
smell alcohol on the appellant and observed that he was walking unsteadily.
The appellant then moved towards the first victim and punched him three times
with his right hand – on the first victim’s left cheek, mouth and right eye
respectively. At no point did the first victim retaliate. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

GD at paras 6–8, Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) p 162.

The appellant claimed that he had consumed one tall can of Barron’s beer prior
to the incident. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

GD at para 10, ROP p 162.

6 The first victim was subsequently conveyed to Sengkang General Hospital. His
right eye could not be examined initially due to significant swelling and he
was admitted for observation overnight. The first victim was later found to
have suffered broken teeth, fracture of the maxillary alveolar bone and
swelling over the right eye with no acute damage to vision. He was
hospitalised for two days. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

GD at para 9, ROP p 162.

7 Following a police report lodged in respect of the incident concerning the
first victim, the second victim, Police Staff Sergeant Tan Wei Ming Lionel,
and his partner were despatched to the Angsana Home. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at para 11, ROP p 163.

8 Upon proceeding to level 4 of the Angsana Home, they saw the appellant
asleep in his bed. They woke the appellant up for questioning. The appellant
appeared drunk and began to shout and gesture aggressively. Accordingly, he
was placed under arrest and escorted to the police patrol car. The appellant
was uncooperative and shouted along the way. The appellant informed the second
victim that if he were to be handcuffed, he would turn violent and refuse to
co-operate with the police. The second victim then called for backup. In
response to the second victim’s call for backup, the third victim, Police
Sergeant (3) Waris Ahmad Bin Salbir Ahmad, and a colleague arrived at the
Angsana Home. The appellant was then handcuffed. However, he continued to
resist and shout at the police officers. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD at paras 12–13, ROP p 163.

9 The appellant was escorted to the police patrol car. Inside the car he was
seated in the middle rear seat, where he continued his aggressive behaviour.
The second victim was the driver at the material time. When the second victim
proceeded to drive off, the appellant used his left leg to kick the second
victim on the back of his head. The second victim immediately felt pain on the
rear left side of his head, as well as pain and soreness on his left shoulder.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

GD at para 14, ROP p 163.

10 When they arrived at the Woodlands Division Regional Lock-Up on 14 November
2019 at about 12.10am, the appellant remained aggressive and continued to
shout and struggle. He used his right leg to kick the third victim on his left
leg, resulting in the third victim feeling pain on his left leg. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

GD at para 15, ROP pp 163–164.

11 As a result of the appellant’s actions, the second victim was found to have
suffered a stable head injury and neck strain. The third victim was found to
have suffered a left knee contusion. Both victims were given one day of
medical leave. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

GD at para 16, ROP p 164.

12 Following from the above, the appellant pleaded guilty on 13 August 2020 to
the following charges:

1st Charge (DAC-932019-2019)

You… are that charged you, on 13 November 2019, at or about 11.30pm, in
Singapore, whilst being escorted back to Woodlands Division in a Police patrol
car bearing registration number QX660S, did voluntarily cause hurt to a public
servant, namely Police Staff Sergeant Tan Wei Ming Lionel, in the discharge of
his duty as such public servant, to wit, by using your left leg to kick him on
the back of his head, causing him to suffer bodily pain, a stable head injury
and a neck strain, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
Section 332 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

2nd Charge (DAC-904280-2020)

You… are charged that you, on 14 November 2019, at or about 12.10am, at the
Regional Lock Up located at Woodlands Division, Singapore, did voluntarily
cause hurt to a public servant, namely Police Sergeant(3) Waris Ahmad Bin
Salbir Ahmad, in the discharge of his duty as such public servant, to wit, by
using your right leg to kick him on his left leg, causing him to suffer bodily
pain and a left knee contusion, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 332 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

4th Charge (DAC-904281-2020)

You… are charged that you, on 13 November 2019, at or about 9.46pm, outside
Room 4022 located at Angsana Home, 14 Buangkok Green, Singapore, did
voluntarily cause grievous hurt to one Musaruddin Bin Yatim, to wit, by
punching him once on his left cheek, once on his mouth and once on his right
eye with your right hand, causing the said Musaruddin Bin Yatim to suffer the
following injuries:

(a) swelling over the right eye;

(b) fracture of the maxillary alveolar bone; and

(c) broken teeth,

and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 325 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

Decision below

13 After the appellant was convicted on the above charges, the Prosecution
applied to the court to call for a pre-sentencing report to assess the
appellant’s suitability for PD under s 304(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The appellant did not object to this as the
technical requirements set out in s 304(2)(a) of the CPC were satisfied. On
account of this and in view of the appellant’s antecedents, the DJ called for
the said pre-sentencing report.

The 1st PD report

14 On 4 September 2020, Mr Cheng Xiang Long (“Mr Cheng”), a lead psychologist
with the Singapore Prison Service’s (“SPS”) Psychological & Correctional
Rehabilitation Division issued the 1st PD report, which was vetted by Dr
Jasmin Kaur (“Dr Kaur”), a principal psychologist with the SPS. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st PD report, ROP pp 365–373.

15 The key findings in the 1st PD report can be summarised as follows: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st PD report at p 7, ROP p 372.

(a) The appellant’s general risk of reoffending was high. He belonged to a
group of prisoners with a 70.2% chance of recidivism within two years of
release.

(b) The appellant’s risk of violent reoffending was high.

(c) The risk factors for the appellant’s violent offending behaviour include
his failure to assume responsibility, his alcohol use habit and his habit of
non-compliance with his psychiatric medication.

(d) The appellant did not present with any significant protective factors.

Mr Cheng’s written response to the appellant’s queries on 1st PD report

16 On 22 September 2020, the appellant filed written submissions expressing
“serious doubt over the accuracy and reliability of the Pre-Sentencing Report
and the conclusions it reached”. In particular, the appellant alleged that the
1st PD report contained “many inaccuracies and misstatements and
misinterpretations of responses given by [the appellant]”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s submissions on the 1st PD report at para 3, ROP p 447.

17 The appellant took issue with, inter alia, the following findings in the
1st PD report:

(a) First, that the appellant had failed to assume responsibility for his
conduct on the basis that he was not forthcoming during the interview and it
was difficult to elicit details of his violence history or his motivation
behind his use of violence. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Appellant’s submissions on the 1st PD report at para 7, ROP p 448.

In this regard, the appellant submitted that he did not at any time absolve or
distance himself from assuming responsibility for his actions. Instead, he had
informed Mr Cheng that whilst he was unable to recall the details of the
incident due to his intoxication, he knew that what he did was wrong and that
he deserved to be punished. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s submissions on the 1st PD report at para 8, ROP p 448.

(b) Second, that the appellant had been unable to recall the details of his
past offences. The appellant contended that the interview with Mr Cheng prior
to the preparation of the 1st PD report was between 30 to 45 minutes and no
specific questions were asked about his past offending. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s submissions on the 1st PD report at para 10, ROP p 448.

(c) Third, that the appellant had consumed beer on a daily basis and would
regularly consume up to six cans of beer. This, the appellant argued was
plainly inaccurate as he was residing at the Angsana Home at the material time
of the offences and was not at liberty to leave every day and purchase and
consume alcohol on such a frequent basis. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s submissions on the 1st PD report at para 11, ROP p 448

(d) Fourth, that the appellant had displayed an intention to stop consuming
his psychiatric medication in the future. The appellant disputed this and
claimed that he had just expressed his preference for an alternative means of
administration of his medication (ie, by injection as opposed to oral
ingestion). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Appellant’s submissions on the 1st PD report at para 12, ROP p 449.

18 The appellant thus urged the court to: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Appellant’s submissions on the 1st PD report at para 14, ROP p 449.

(a) call Mr Cheng and Dr Kaur to give evidence in the proceedings touching on,
inter alia, the preparation of the 1st PD report, the conduct of the
interview, the analysis of the response given by the appellant and the
findings reached in their report (“the First Application”); and

(b) request Mr Cheng and Dr Kaur to produce all relevant documents prepared or
used in the interview and preparation of the 1st PD report (“the Second
Application”).

19 On 5 October 2020, in a letter to the court, the Prosecution submitted that
consideration of the First Application should be deferred until the
psychologists had first been given an opportunity to reply in writing. The
Prosecution objected to the Second Application on the basis that the appellant
had not proffered any reason as to why disclosure of the requested documents
was necessary. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Prosecution’s letter to court dated 5 October 2020 at paras 4–6, ROP p 354.

20 On 13 October 2020, after hearing the parties, the DJ directed for the
psychologists to provide their written response to the appellant’s objections
to the 1st PD report and determined that the Second Application was
unnecessary at that stage. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD at para 20, ROP p 169; Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 13 October 2020 p 4 at ln
3–8, ROP p 35.

21 On 3 November 2020, in compliance with the DJ’s direction, Mr Cheng issued
his written response (“Written Response”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mr Cheng’s written response dated 3 November 2020 (“Mr Cheng’s written
response”), ROP pp 374–375.

Mr Cheng clarified the following:

(a) The conclusion that the appellant failed to assume responsibility for his
conduct was based on several points of information and not on the appellant’s
level of disclosure (ie, how forthcoming the appellant was during the
interview). While the appellant had acknowledged that his actions were wrong,
he did not explicitly acknowledge his or assume responsibility over his
actions that preceded his offences (ie, his decision to stop taking medication
without consultation and consumption of alcohol to the point of intoxication).
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mr Cheng’s written response at para 2, ROP p 374.

(b) The appellant was specifically asked about the details of his past
offences, especially his violent offences against public servants. He was also
asked about his robbery offence, to which he replied, “I have never robbed
anyone”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mr Cheng’s written response at para 4, ROP p 374.

(c) There was sufficient evidence as indicated by the appellant’s responses
during the interview that he was intoxicated on the day of the offence to
conclude that his alcohol use habit was linked to his offending behaviour and
presented as a risk factor regardless of the amount or frequency of his
alcohol use. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Cheng’s written response at para 5, ROP pp 374–375.

(d) The appellant had shared that he had stopped consuming his psychiatric
medication three weeks prior to his current offences due to the side effects
of the medication. In addition, he had also shared that his self-cessation of
medication occurred prior to his previous convictions in 2016 and 2017. Mr
Cheng acknowledged that the appellant had shared that he intended to request
for a switch to having injected medication in the future as the side effects
were less severe than orally ingested medication for him. Mr Cheng opined that
if the appellant complied with this form of administration of his medication
in the future, it could mitigate his risk of reoffending. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mr Cheng’s written response at para 6, ROP p 375.

(e) The finding that the appellant was at a high risk of violent reoffending
was based on: (i) his prior history and density of offences against public
servants, (ii) his continued alcohol use habit despite his insight that his
alcohol use had led to his past offences, (iii) his non-compliance with
medication, and (iv) his failure to assume responsibility over his actions for
“his offences and those preceding his offences”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Cheng’s written response at para 7, ROP p 375.

22 On 10 November 2020, after hearing the parties, the DJ was inclined to
agree with the Prosecution that the appellant had failed to raise any
substantial dispute of fact. Nonetheless, out of an abundance of caution, she
granted the First Application to call Mr Cheng to take the stand in order to
allow parties to pose clarificatory questions. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 10 November 2020 p 17 at ln 4–25, ROP p 59.

Mr Cheng’s evidence in court

23 On 15 January 2021, Mr Cheng took the stand. He maintained his conclusions
in the 1st PD report and his clarifications in the Written Response. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD at para 22, ROP p 171.

24 I highlight only some of the salient points raised in Mr Cheng’s testimony:

(a) In assessing an offender’s risk of recidivism, an offender’s history and
frequency of reoffending were relevant factors. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 7 at ln 10–22, ROP p 75.

He would consider the offender’s date of conviction, the duration of the
sentence, the actual date of release and the date of the next conviction, to
ascertain the period of time the offender remained in the community between
each conviction. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 10 at ln 8–12, ROP p 78.

He acknowledged that looking at the appellant’s most recent convictions, he
had spent more time in the community between each conviction before
reoffending. Indeed, he had taken this into account when preparing the 1st PD
report. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 14 at ln 17–20, ROP p 82.

(b) His assessment that the appellant was not forthcoming during his interview
was based on the differences between the appellant’s responses during the
interview, the content of the Institute of Mental Health report dated 25
November 2019 (“IMH report”) 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

IMH report dated 25 November 2019 (“IMH report”), ROP pp 207–213.

and also Mr Cheng’s own observations of the appellant’s behaviour during the
interview. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 18 at ln 19–23, ROP p 86 and p 19 at ln 21–25, ROP p 87;
GD at para 22, ROP p 171.

(c) His conclusion that the appellant had failed to assume responsibility over
his actions was premised on the fact that although the appellant had known
that his alcohol use and cessation of medication was linked to his past
offending behaviour, he had nonetheless continued to consume alcohol and not
comply his medication without consultation. Moreover, the appellant had chosen
to place the blame for his offending on the effects of his alcohol use and
cessation of medication rather than to accept that the present offences were
his fault in so far as it was his decision to consume alcohol and not comply
with his psychiatric medication. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 21 at ln 29 to p 22 at ln 10, ROP pp 89–90, p 24 at ln
1–10, ROP p 92 and p 42 at ln 3–21, ROP p 110.

(d) He accepted that there might have been a miscommunication during the
interview with the appellant concerning the appellant’s alcohol consumption
habits. In particular, the appellant may have misunderstood his question about
how much the appellant drank daily as referring to how much he used to drink
daily. This would explain the appellant’s response that he would consume
alcohol daily and could drink up to six cans of beer, despite clearly not
having been able to do so at the material time as he was a resident in the
Angsana Home. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 28 at ln 5–16, ROP p 96.

(e) He noted that while the appellant had articulated the belief that
switching the mode of administration of his psychiatric medication from oral
ingestion to injection would lessen his side effects, Mr Cheng was not aware
that the appellant had actually switched the manner of administration of his
medication in the past. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 29 at ln 18–31, ROP p 97.

(f) The appellant had indicated that he was interested in participating in a
programme run by the National Addictions Management System (“NAMS”) to seek
help for his alcohol use. However, Mr Cheng observed that the appellant had
never once sought help from NAMS in the past and in his assessment, he could
not be certain that the programme would contribute to the appellant ceasing
his alcohol use. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 33 at ln 3–28, ROP p 101.

(g) The appellant had not articulated concrete plans on how he proposed to
deal with high-risk situations and triggers upon his unsupervised return to
the community. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 34 at ln 7–14, ROP p 102.

(h) Despite the appellant’s decrease in his frequency of consumption of
alcohol, he had not been able to desist from offending for even a period of
two years. He had also not demonstrated an ability to stop his alcohol use or
to comply with his psychiatric medication. Therefore, he maintained his
assessment that the appellant’s probability of recidivism remained at 70.2%.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 35 at ln 9–23, ROP p 103.

The appellant’s evidence in court

25 During the hearing on 15 January 2021, the appellant also made an
application to give evidence himself which was granted by the DJ.

26 The appellant raised the following points in his testimony:

(a) He was only allowed to leave the Angsana Home once or twice a month, and
since he started residing there he only drank alcohol once or twice a month.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 52 at ln 2–4, ROP p 120 and p 56 at ln 8–10, ROP p 124.

(b) When asked by the Prosecution whether he was able to recall why he had
committed the present offences, the appellant replied that he did not
“remember exactly but the person [ie, the first victim] at the home would keep
disturbing [him]. He would wear slippers into the prayer area, that is why”.
The appellant further stated that he had only “hit [the first victim] lightly
but he’s old and maybe that is why his jaw was fractured”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 52 at ln 12–20, ROP p 122.

The 2nd PD report

27 Before the appellant could be sentenced, a medical report dated 21 July
2021 from Changi General Hospital (“the Medical Report”) was tendered by
Defence counsel. The Medical Report indicated that the appellant had been
admitted to the hospital from 29 January 2021 to 2 February 2021 because of an
incidental finding of a large mass present in the upper pole of his right
kidney, following an ultrasound for an unrelated hepatitis C condition. On 10
March 2021, the appellant underwent surgery (laparoscopic right radical
nephrectomy) at his election. A review was conducted on 12 April 2021 and the
appellant was found to be functionally well. It was explained to him that he
had stage 3 right kidney cancer which was completely removed. In general, it
was noted that the 5-year survival rate at this stage of the disease ranged
from 60% to 70% and he would require close clinical and radiological
surveillance. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Medical Report from Changi General Hospital dated 21 July 2021, ROP pp
529–530.

28 Following this development, the Prosecution requested that the appellant be
reassessed for his suitability for PD. The DJ granted this. A second pre-
sentencing report dated 13 September 2021 was subsequently tendered to the
court (“the 2nd PD report”). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

2nd PD report, ROP pp 376–385.

29 In the 2nd PD report, the appellant was still found to be suitable for the
PD regime. He was assessed to be in generally good physical condition in spite
of his underlying medical conditions. Mr Cheng interviewed the appellant again
in preparation for the 2nd PD report and maintained his initial assessment
that the appellant’s general risk of reoffending was high, his risk for
violence reoffending was also high and he remained in the group of prisoners
with a 70.2% probability of recidivism within two years of release. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

2nd PD report at pp 8–9, ROP pp 383–384.

30 As observed by the DJ in her GD, compared to the 1st PD report, Mr Cheng
assessed the appellant to be “relatively forthcoming” and largely able to
share details for most of his past offending behaviours. He further noted that
the appellant had recently reconnected with his mother and siblings, with whom
he had lost contact since 2004. His elder sister had expressed her desire for
the appellant to stay with her in the future so that she could support his
reintegration. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

GD at para 30, ROP p 174.

31 Mr Cheng also noted that the appellant by then appeared to take
responsibility for his offences by attributing his violence to his level of
intoxication and his non-compliance with his psychiatric medication. But he
opined that this insight had not translated to concrete actions in the past on
the appellant’s part to avoid alcohol use and comply with his medication. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

2nd PD report at p 7, ROP p 382; GD at para 31, ROP p 174.

Moreover, Mr Cheng observed that the appellant had continued to present with a
pattern of justification regarding his violent offences. He had denied being a
violent individual and shared that most of his actions were retaliation in
response to perceived threats or provocations. The appellant had also
presented with some minimisation of his past violent offences. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

2nd PD report at p 7, ROP p 382.

32 Unlike in the 1st PD report, Mr Cheng noted that there were some protective
factors present. First, the appellant had expressed a motivation to stop his
alcohol use and offending behaviour following his recent medical issues, in
particular his right kidney cancer. He had also expressed a willingness to
seek assistance from NAMS to address his alcohol use and comply with his
psychiatric medication. Second, the presence of familial social support could
mitigate his risk of violent reoffending. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

2nd PD report at pp 8–9, ROP pp 383–384; GD at para 32, ROP pp 174–175.

Decision to impose PD

33 First, the DJ was satisfied that the grounds which Mr Cheng had relied on
to anchor his findings in the PD reports were sound and credible and were not
weakened in any way by the peripheral objections that the appellant had taken
to certain aspects of the reports. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

GD at para 58, ROP p 185.

In particular, the DJ agreed with Mr Cheng that:

(a) The appellant had an alcohol use problem, and this was a risk factor
contributing towards his commission of the offences. How much alcohol the
appellant consumed during the material period and the frequency of such
consumption was beside the point. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

GD at para 55, ROP pp 182–183.

(b) The appellant had failed to assume responsibility over his actions. He
sought to claim that the fault lay in his state of intoxication and his state
after not consuming his medication. He did not accept that the present
offences were his fault in so far as it was his own decision to consume
alcohol and to stop taking his medication. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

GD at para 56, ROP pp 183–184.

This was buttressed by the appellant’s seeming pledge to conditionally comply
with his psychiatric medication if it were to be administered by injection, as
well as his attempted justification and downplaying of his actions against the
first victim in his testimony in court. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

GD at para 57, ROP pp 184–185.

34 Second, the appellant’s criminal history spoke for itself. From 1985 to the
present, the appellant had not been able to stay crime free in the community
for any significant period of time. Further, his antecedents reflected a
pattern of violent behaviour and a blatant disregard for authority. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

GD at para 60, ROP p 185.

Notwithstanding that in recent years the appellant managed to stay crime free
for a longer period of time, possibly as he had been staying at the Angsana
Home with less access to alcohol; the appellant still failed to stay away from
offending for even a period of two years. The appellant also committed
numerous offences within the Angsana Home in 2016 and 2017, thus indicating
that residing in the Angsana Home itself was insufficient to prevent him from
reoffending. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

GD at paras 61–62, ROP pp 185–186.

35 Third, there were no significant protective factors. Although the appellant
had indicated that he intended to go through with a programme run by NAMS to
deal with his alcohol problem, nothing concrete was put forward. Neither was
there anything concrete put forward in respect of the appellant’s purported
intention to request for a switch to having injected medication in the future.
In addition, although the appellant had reconnected with his family between
the issuance of the 1st and 2nd PD reports, the DJ found that the assurance of
familial support was too vague and insubstantial to be relied upon. The
appellant had not been in contact with his family for the last 15 to 16 years
and it was simply not realistic to believe that a close and trusted
relationship with his elder sister could be formed immediately upon his
release such as to enable her to be in a position to adequately control and
guide him in his efforts at rehabilitation and reintegration. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

GD at paras 64–65 and 68, ROP pp 186–187.

36 Fourth, the nature of the present offences committed by the appellant were
serious involving the use of violence. The attack on the first victim was
unprovoked and resulted in serious injuries. The attack on the second and
third victims who were law enforcement officers discharging their duties also
could not be condoned. Importantly, these were not the appellant’s first
violent offences, and he had a history of aggression towards public servants.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

GD at paras 71–72, ROP p 188.

37 Fifth, the appellant’s medical condition was not a significant mitigating
factor. The appellant appeared to be functionally well and there was no real
doubt that the SPS would be in a position to manage his health and medical
needs. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

GD at para 74, ROP pp 188–189.

38 Lastly, a ten-year term of PD was necessary for the protection of the
public. He had previously been sentenced to PD of the same duration, and this
remained appropriate as the appellant’s general risk of recidivism was high
and his risk of violent reoffending was also high. Moreover, there were no
significant protective factors to justify a reduced term being given. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

GD at para 76, ROP pp 189–190.

The appeal

The parties’ positions

39 The appellant submits that the DJ erred in imposing a sentence of PD. The
appellant argues that:

(a) the DJ erred in finding that the contents of both the 1st and 2nd PD
reports and the evidence of Mr Cheng in court were sound; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Appellant’s submissions (“AS”) at paras 18–54.

(b) the DJ erred in failing to consider the appellant’s prior convictions and
the reduction in his recidivism rate in totality; 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AS at paras 55–60.

(c) the DJ erred in finding that there were no significant protective factors;
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AS at paras 61–71.

(d) there were special reasons the appellant should not be sentenced to PD, in
particular his “debilitating medical conditions and his deteriorating health”;
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AS at paras 74–77.

and

(e) in the alternative to (d), the appellant’s medical conditions were
sufficiently serious to amount to a mitigating factor. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AS at paras 82–92.

40 Accordingly, the appellant submits that a sentence of three years’ and one
month’s imprisonment would be more appropriate.

41 The Prosecution conversely submits, inter alia, that the DJ was plainly
correct in sentencing the appellant to a term of ten years’ PD as: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Prosecution’s submissions (“PS”) at para 32.

(a) the DJ was right to rely on the conclusions reached in the 1st and 2nd PD
reports as they were sound;

(b) the DJ carefully weighed the risk factors against the protective factors
in arriving at the sentence imposed;

(c) the appellant’s offending history viewed in totality amply justified the
sentence imposed;

(d) the DJ was correct in concluding that the appellant’s medical condition
was not a mitigating factor; and

(e) PD for a duration of at least ten years was necessary in the interests of
the protection of the public.

The SPS Clarificatory Report

42 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I directed that the parties tender
further submissions on certain factual issues, namely: (a) whether there were
any rehabilitation programmes available to the appellant in prison for him to
address his alcohol use problem and if so, whether the appellant took effort
to seek out such programmes; and (b) how the appellant’s psychiatric
medication was being administered in prison and whether the appellant had
requested his medication to be administered by way of injection.

43 The Prosecution tendered a clarificatory report by the SPS dated 9 June
2022 (“the SPS Clarificatory Report”). The SPS Clarificatory Report stated as
follows:

(a) The appellant was offered three rehabilitation programmes following his
admission to prison, namely the Motivational Programme, the Family Programme
and the Psychology-based Correctional Programme. Importantly, the last
programme was meant to target multiple areas of need including general
attitudes supportive of crime as well as substance and alcohol abuse. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SPS Clarificatory Report at para 3.

The appellant initially refused to attend any of the three programmes when
they were offered to him. However, on 7 June 2022, he indicated that he was
agreeable to attend these programmes. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SPS Clarificatory Report at para 4.

(b) The appellant had asked the prison psychiatrist on 9 May 2022 for a depot
injection. However, this was denied as he had no psychotic disorder diagnosis.
Thus, he is currently prescribed with oral medications only. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SPS Clarificatory Report at para 5.

My decision

44 At the outset, I note that it is not disputed that the technical
requirements under s 304(2)(a) of the CPC for the imposition of a sentence of
PD are satisfied. Therefore, the ultimate issue for determination is whether
the DJ was correct in finding that it was expedient for the protection of the
public for a sentence of PD to be imposed on the appellant.

The law on preventive detention

45 The overarching consideration applicable to PD was reiterated by Sundaresh
Menon CJ in Re Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh [2019] 5 SLR 1037 at [52]:

It is well established that the foundation of the sentence of preventive
detention is the need to protect the public. This is clear from the wording of
s 304(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) itself … which
states that the court shall sentence the accused to preventive detention if
the court is satisfied that “it is expedient for the protection of the
public”. [emphasis added]

46 Similarly, the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Rosli bin Yassin
[2013] 2 SLR 831 at [11] observed that:

The overarching principle is the need to protect the public … Put simply, if
the individual offender is such a habitual offender whose situation does not
admit of the possibility of his or her reform, thus constituting a menace to
the public (and this would include, but is not limited to, offences involving
violence), a sentence of preventive detention would be imposed on him or her
for a substantial period of time in order to protect the public. As Yong Pung
How CJ put it in the Singapore High Court decision of PP v Wong Wing Hung
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 304 (“Wong Wing Hung”) at [10], the “sentence [of preventive
detention] is meant essentially for habitual offenders, who must be over the
age of 30 years, whom the court considers to be beyond redemption and too
recalcitrant for reformation”. The court will look at the totality of the
offender’s previous convictions. (see the Singapore High Court decision of Tan
Ngin Hai v PP [2001] 2 SLR(R) 152 at [7]). [emphasis in original]

47 To summarise, if an individual offender is such a habitual offender whose
situation does not admit of the possibility of his reform, thus constituting a
menace to the public, a sentence of PD would appropriately be imposed on him
for a substantial period of time in order to protect the public. In its
assessment, the court will have regard to the totality of the offender’s
previous convictions viewed together with the circumstances of the offender’s
present offending.

48 Importantly, since a sentence of PD is underpinned by the need to protect
the public, it differs from a sentence of imprisonment and different
considerations may apply in determining the appropriate duration and
implementation of the sentence. As Yong CJ explained in Public Prosecutor v
Perumal s/o Suppiah [2000] 2 SLR(R) 145 at [38]:

In this regard, I must reiterate my earlier exhortation in PP v Wong Wing Hung
… at [10] not to confuse the concept of preventive detention and imprisonment,
which are distinct sentences and are underpinned by different objectives and
rationales. The former is essentially aimed at the protection of the public
while the latter reflects the traditional policies of prevention, deterrence,
rehabilitation and retribution. They are different in duration, character and
implementation. As such, it would be a mistake to view them as fungible
sentences.

49 With the above sentencing considerations in mind, the question is whether
the DJ correctly found that it was expedient for the protection of the public
to sentence the appellant to a term of PD.

Analysis of findings in the 1st and 2nd PD reports

50 I first consider whether the DJ was correct to find that the grounds which
Mr Cheng relied on to anchor his findings in the two PD reports were sound and
credible, and therefore capable of reliance.

51 Before I begin my analysis, it is important to bear in mind that the
ultimate question of whether it is expedient for the protection of the public
that an offender should be sentenced to PD remains a question solely for the
court’s determination. While the preparation of the PD reports is a necessary
statutory requirement (under s 304(3) of the CPC) to apprise the court of an
offender’s physical and mental condition and suitability for PD, as the DJ
rightly acknowledged, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

GD at para 59, ROP p 185.

these reports are not conclusive of the question. It remains for the court to
make its own holistic assessment of all relevant facts.

52 I now return to the analysis of the findings in the PD reports. In my view,
the DJ was entirely justified in arriving at her conclusion that the findings
in the two PD reports were sound and reliable. Accordingly, her decision to
rely on their contents and the conclusions therein that the appellant
“belong[ed] to a group of prisoners with a 70.2% probability of recidivism
within 2 years of release” with a high general risk of reoffending and high
risk for violent reoffending was unimpeachable.

53 The risk factors identified by Mr Cheng in both the PD reports included the
appellant’s: (a) failure to assume responsibility and/or minimisation and
justification of his violent offending; (b) alcohol use; and (c) non-
compliance with his psychiatric medication. Although the appellant only takes
issue with the first risk factor identified (ie, his failure to assume
responsibility), I will address all three risk factors for completeness.

The appellant’s failure to assume responsibility for and/or minimisation and
justification of his violent offending

54 The appellant argues that the DJ was wrong to accept Mr Cheng’s findings in
the PD reports that he failed to assume responsibility for his actions. He
claims that Mr Cheng had erroneously reached this conclusion having wrongly
assessed him to have not been forthcoming during the interview leading up to
the preparation of the 1st PD report. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AS at para 27(a).

To support his claim, the appellant quotes the following portion of Mr Cheng’s
testimony in court: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AS at [29].

A Um, the point about him not assuming responsibility was about, um, how he
described his current offences, uh, and his past offences which included, um,
things---certain things like he would suddenly do in his cases, uh, his mind
would trip or go blank, uh, and he doesn’t know why he gets into trouble. Um,
and then he would talk about his alcohol use and he stopped on medication and
suggest that those were the reasons why he committed the offences.

55 However, this must be read in light of Mr Cheng’s further clarifications in
his exchange with the Prosecution: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 42 at ln 3–21, ROP p 110.

Prosecution During the interview, did the accused accept that the present
offences were his fault insofar as it was his decision to consume alcohol?

A Uh, no. He did not, Your Honour.

Prosecution Did the accused accept that the present offences were his fault
insofar as it was his decision not to comply with the psychiatric medication?

A No, he did not, Your Honour.

…

Prosecution Am I right in saying that this was the basis on which you
concluded that the accused failed to assume responsibility over his actions?

A Yes, that is correct. He did not, um, acknowledge his fault in taking
alcohol or stopping the consumption of his medication. Even though he was able
to articulate is awareness that those 2 circumstances had led to his previous
offences in 2016 and 2017.

[emphasis added]

56 I make the following observations. First, as was made clear in the course
of Mr Cheng’s testimony, his finding that the appellant had failed to assume
responsibility over his actions was based on the fact that the appellant had
refused to accept that the present offences were his fault because of his own
decision to consume alcohol and to cease taking his psychiatric medication.
The appellant had instead sought to distance himself from his offending
conduct by suggesting that the reason why he had committed his past offences
was because of his state of intoxication and his state after not consuming his
psychiatric medication, without acknowledging that he was responsible for
winding up in those states in the first place.

57 Second, contrary to the appellant’s assertion, it was made patently clear
that Mr Cheng did not rely on how forthcoming the appellant was in arriving at
the conclusion (in the 1st PD report) that the appellant had failed to assume
responsibility for his actions. In the Written Response, Mr Cheng
categorically stated that the conclusion drawn that the appellant failed to
assume responsibility for his conduct was not based on “the level of
disclosure of the [appellant]”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Mr Cheng’s written response at para 2, ROP p 374.

58 In addition, the appellant also argues that he had assumed responsibility
by acknowledging that his alcohol abuse and his non-compliance with his
psychiatric medication led to the commission of the offences. He pointed out
that in the 2nd PD report, Mr Cheng had acknowledged that the appellant was
forthcoming and had assumed responsibility over his actions. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AS at para 43.

59 I accept that in the 2nd PD report, Mr Cheng had observed that the
appellant appeared to assume responsibility over his offending conduct.
However, I am of the view that little weight should be placed on this. To my
mind, the appellant’s belated attempts to assume responsibility only when the
2nd PD report was prepared was self-serving and disingenuous.

60 First, as highlighted by the Prosecution, the appellant had the benefit of
studying the 1st PD report, the Written Response and hearing Mr Cheng’s
explanations on how he identified the appellant’s particular risk factors
during the hearing on 15 January 2020. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PS at para 42.

Pertinently, a large part of Mr Cheng’s testimony centred around why he had
found that the appellant failed to assume responsibility for his actions.
Thus, the appellant’s sudden volte-face and candidness in assuming
responsibility for his conduct must be viewed with a degree of scepticism.

61 Second, and most tellingly of the appellant’s true state of mind was his
active minimisation and justification of his violent offending. This was plain
during his testimony in court as well as from the recorded observations of Mr
Cheng in the 2nd PD report:

(a) When the appellant was asked by the Prosecution why he had committed the
present offences, he replied: “I don’t remember exactly but the person [ie,
the first victim] at the home would keep disturbing [him]. He would wear
slippers into the prayer area, that is why”. The appellant further stated that
he had only “hit [the first victim] lightly but he’s old and maybe that is why
his jaw was fractured”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 52 at ln 12–20, ROP p 122.

The appellant’s natural instinct was to point his finger at the first victim
and push the blame for his offending conduct onto him. Instead of taking
responsibility for his own unprovoked act of violence, he sought to justify
his actions by claiming that the first victim would “keep disturbing” him. He
even went a step further to minimise the severity of his offences by saying
that he had only hit the first victim “lightly”. This could not be further
from the truth. As apparent from the Statement of Facts which the appellant
admitted to, the appellant had punched the first victim not once, but thrice,
aiming at a vulnerable part of his body, his face. The injuries caused to the
first victim were severe – he had been found to have suffered broken teeth, a
fracture of maxillary alveolar bone and swelling over his right eye. These
injuries were clearly not the result of a “light” hit.

(b) In the 2nd PD report, Mr Cheng recorded that the appellant had “denied
being a violent individual and shared that most of his actions were
retaliation in response to perceived threats or provocations”. Crucially, for
his present offence, he shared that “it takes two hands to clap. Surely
something must have triggered me”. The appellant evidently demonstrates little
remorse and insight into his past violent offending. Indeed, his denial of
being a violent individual flies in the face of his past convictions for
violence-related offences in 1989, 1991, 1994 (where he was sentenced to ten
years of PD), 1998, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2016 and 2020 (the present set of
offences).

(c) In the 2nd PD report, it was also recorded that he had minimised the
violence against his ex-wife (in relation to his past breaches of Personal
Protection Orders). The appellant claimed that he would “joke with no
expression” and suggested that his ex-wife was unable to take his jokes. He
also claimed that he “never punch[ed] her, maybe just 1 to 2 slaps only”.

62 It is beyond peradventure that the appellant did not truly assume
responsibility for his offending conduct. His empty recognition of this during
the interview with Mr Cheng leading up to the preparation of the 2nd PD report
was merely lip service. When probed further, it was apparent that he would at
every opportunity seek to externalise the blame for his offences onto his
unfortunate victims. The appellant’s claim that he actively assumed
responsibility for his offending conduct thus rings hollow in light of his
persistent minimisation and justification of his violent offending.

The appellant’s alcohol use

63 The appellant does not dispute that his alcohol use as identified in the PD
reports is a relevant risk factor, and I am satisfied that this finding is
well supported by evidence.

64 In the appellant’s IMH report, it was opined that the appellant “had
alcohol intoxication at the material time of the offence on the background of
an alcohol use disorder”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

IMH report at p 4, para 20(a), ROP p 210.

65 In addition, the appellant had shared during the interviews conducted by Mr
Cheng prior to the preparation of the PD reports that:

(a) He started consuming alcohol at the age of 18 years old and had not
stopped since then. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1st PD report at p 6, ROP p 371; 2nd PD report at p 7, ROP p 382.

(b) In the period leading up to his current arrest, he would consume beer and
Chinese wine when he was given off days to go out from the Angsana Home. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

2nd PD report at p 7, ROP p 382.

(c) He had been intoxicated during most of his past violence-related offences.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1st PD report at p 6, ROP p 371; 2nd PD report at p 7, ROP p 382.

(d) On the day of committing the present offences, he had bumped into his
friend and consumed six cans of beers, which resulted in his intoxication. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

2nd PD report at p 7, ROP p 382.

66 Further, as observed by Mr Cheng in the 2nd PD report, although the
appellant had attributed his violence to his level of intoxication, his
insight had not translated to concrete actions in the past to avoid alcohol
use. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

2nd PD report at p 7, ROP p 382.

As a resident in the Angsana Home, the appellant was allowed to leave only
once or twice a month and he had no access to alcohol while in the home.
However, the appellant admitted in court that he would consume alcohol once or
twice a month. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 15 January 2021 p 56 at ln 8–13, ROP p 124.

The logical inference from this is that the appellant would consume alcohol on
each occasion he was permitted to leave the Angsana Home, despite being
cognisant of the potential violent consequences which might follow.

67 Therefore, I am of the view that the finding in the PD reports that the
appellant’s alcohol use is a risk factor is well founded and was rightly
accepted by the DJ. I note the appellant’s submission that this risk factor is
no longer significant in view of his willingness to seek help for his alcohol
problem through a programme run by NAMS. I will return to deal with this
submission at [79]–[80] below.

The appellant’s non-compliance with his psychiatric medication

68 Similar to his alcohol use, the appellant does not dispute that his non-
compliance with his psychiatric medication is a relevant risk factor.

69 The appellant shared with Mr Cheng that he would experience both auditory
hallucinations (ie, hearing voices) and visual hallucinations (ie, seeing
scorpions, spiders and other insects). He also shared that his offence in 2017
where he had smashed things at the Angsana Home, occurred as he was hearing
voices and seeing spiders. He also revealed that he would sometimes become
violent if he experienced auditory or visual hallucinations. But he indicated
that these hallucinations would come under control when he consumed his
psychiatric medication. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

2nd PD report, pp 7–8, ROP pp 382–383.

70 Nonetheless, the appellant admitted that he had a pattern of non-compliance
with his psychiatric medication without any prior consultation with a
psychiatrist. In particular, he reported that he had stopped consuming his
medication for around three weeks prior to the present set of offences as he
disliked its side effects. He also opined that some of his past offences had
resulted from his non-compliance with his medication. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

2nd PD report, p 8, ROP p 383.

71 Hence, I am of the view that the DJ did not err in accepting the finding in
the PD reports that the appellant’s non-compliance with his psychiatric
medication presented as a risk factor. However, I also note that the appellant
submits that this risk factor can be mitigated once he switches the mode of
administration of his medication from oral ingestion to injection. I deal with
this submission at [81]–[83] below.

The appellant’s offending history

72 I now turn to examine the totality of the appellant’s history of criminal
offending.

73 As noted by both the DJ and the Prosecution, the appellant has an extensive
list of prior convictions spanning over 35 years with his first conviction
when he was 18 years old and the most recent when he was 54 years old. He had
been convicted on 22 prior occasions. In particular, as mentioned above at
[61(b)], the appellant had been convicted for violence-related offences in
1989, 1991, 1994, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2016 and 2020 (in respect of the
present offences). The appellant’s conviction in 2004 involved offences for
robbery and carrying an offensive weapon, and he was ordered to serve a term
of ten years’ PD. It appears that none of the prior sentences imposed have
successfully deterred the appellant from a life of crime. Even the appellant’s
earlier term of PD had no effect on his propensity to commit violence-related
offences.

74 The appellant seeks to argue that the DJ erred in failing to consider the
decrease in his recidivism rate and the decrease in the severity of his
offending. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AS at paras 55–60.

However, I find that this argument has no merit. It must be remembered that
the court must have regard to the totality of the offender’s previous
convictions and not simply limit itself to focusing on a particular period of
time in the offender’s offending history.

75 To this end, I agree with the DJ’s observation that despite the marginal
increases in the period of time the appellant has spent in the community
between his convictions, he had still failed to stay away from offending for
even a period of two years. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

GD at para 62, ROP p 186.

It is thus clear that the appellant remains engaged in a pattern of
reoffending with no indication of ceasing.

76 It also cannot be ignored that despite the apparent decrease in the
severity of the appellant’s offending after his term of PD following his
conviction in 2004, the severity of the appellant’s present offences has once
again increased considerably. As the Prosecution observed, while there were
periods where the appellant committed offences of decreasing severity, such
periods were always followed by spates of serious offending. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PS at para 71(c).

The present offences were all violence-related offences and marked an
escalation in the severity of the appellant’s offending conduct. The appellant
had engaged in wanton and unprovoked violence against three persons – two of
whom were police officers in the execution of their duties as public servants.
The injuries against the first victim were also serious and the appellant had
targeted the victim’s face despite the fact that the victim had not
retaliated.

Significance of the protective factors identified

77 The DJ acknowledged that there were three main protective factors
identified in the 2nd PD report: (a) the appellant’s indication that he
intended to go through a programme run by NAMS to deal with his alcohol
problem; (b) the appellant’s intention to request for a switch to having
injected medication as opposed to oral medication; and (c) the appellant’s
resumption of contact with his estranged family members, in particular, his
elder sister who offered to take care of him following his release. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

GD at paras 64–68, ROP pp 186–187.

However, she concluded that none of these were significant enough protective
factors to adequately mitigate his risk of reoffending. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

GD at para 70, ROP p 188.

The appellant disagrees with this finding.

78 In my view, the DJ did not err in finding that there were no significant
protective factors present.

79 First, although the appellant had expressed his intention to seek treatment
with NAMS for his alcohol problem, the DJ rightly observed that the appellant
had not provided any concrete plans or proposals. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

GD at para 64, ROP p 186.

This is further confirmed by the SPS Clarificatory Report. As stated above at
[43(a)], the appellant was offered three rehabilitation programmes following
his admission to prison: (a) the Motivational Programme, (b) the Family
Programme and (c) the Psychology-based Correctional Programme. Most
relevantly, the Psychology-based Correctional Programme was a programme
targeted at “multiple areas of need including general attitudes supportive of
crime as well as substance and alcohol abuse”. If the appellant had genuinely
intended to seek help for his alcohol problem, he would have signed up for
this programme at the first opportunity. However, the SPS Clarificatory Report
indicated otherwise. It stated that the appellant had initially refused to
attend all three rehabilitation programmes offered to him and had only agreed
to attend the programmes on 7 June 2022; this was notably after the court had
directed parties to answer the questions posed concerning the appellant’s
efforts at seeking out rehabilitation options in prison. I should add that I
am not convinced by the appellant’s submission that he was unable to
immediately enrol in the rehabilitation programmes “due to certain health
conditions” he was experiencing at the time. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Appellant’s further submissions dated 5 July 2022 (“AFS”) at para 14.

The SPS Clarificatory Report stated in no uncertain terms that the appellant
had refused to attend the rehabilitation programmes and made no mention of the
fact that he had expressed interest but was unable to attend due to his
alleged health conditions. It was hardly a coincidence that the appellant had
seemingly recovered from his ailments and agreed to attend all the
rehabilitation programmes only after the court’s follow-up directions
inquiring into his efforts in seeking out and participating in any such
programmes.

80 In sum, I am not confident that the appellant’s sudden amenability to
attending these rehabilitation programmes is an indication of a genuine desire
to seek treatment to deal with the root causes of his offending. Indeed, I
agree with the Prosecution that the appellant’s initial refusal to attend the
programmes was more significant in demonstrating the appellant’s continued
failure to assume responsibility for his conduct and lack of motivation to
seek to rehabilitate himself to prevent further reoffending. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Prosecution’s further submissions dated 5 July 2022 at para 8.

81 Second, based on the SPS Clarificatory Report it is clear that the
appellant is unable to receive his psychiatric medication via injection.
According to the report, an injection can only be administered if the
appellant has a psychotic disorder diagnosis, which he does not. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

SPS Clarificatory Report at para 5.

Further, I share the DJ’s concern that the appellant appeared to make
switching the mode of administration of his medication as a condition which
had to be met before he would duly comply with his medication. In my judgment,
to the appellant, reducing the side effects of his medication clearly took
precedence over ensuring that he did not continue to reoffend and harm those
around him. Left only with the option of orally ingested medication, the
appellant’s history of non-compliance inspires little confidence in any future
regular compliance.

82 I am aware that the appellant has raised in his further submissions
following the issue of the SPS Clarificatory Report that his condition has
improved since the increase in dosage of his medication and the prescription
of further oral medication to deal with the side effects. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AFS at para 22.

This additional evidence does not relate in any way to the questions posed to
the parties and addressed in the SPS Clarificatory Report and I accordingly
place no weight on this.

83 Moreover, for the sake of argument, even if the appellant had been
permitted to switch the mode of administration of his medication, I agree with
the DJ that there was simply no assurance that he would really comply with
taking them. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

GD at para 65, ROP p 186.

In any event, it is unclear whether switching the mode of administration of
his medication would have the desired effect of reducing his side effects. As
Mr Cheng testified, the appellant had only expressed his belief that this
would be so, and it was uncertain if he had ever made the switch to injected
medication before (see [24(e)] above). But what is certain is that the
appellant has demonstrated a pattern of deliberate non-compliance with his
psychiatric medication with the knowledge that doing so could very likely
result in violent consequences.

84 Third, while it is certainly fortunate that the appellant has managed to
reconnect with his estranged family, the benefits of this must be tempered
with reality. As the DJ cautiously observed, the appellant had been estranged
from his family for a lengthy period spanning about 15 to 16 years. It is thus
difficult to accept that his elder sister would be in a position to adequately
control and guide him in his efforts at rehabilitation and reintegration. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

GD at para 68, ROP p 187.

Moreover, no details of how any care arrangements would be formulated were
provided to the court. This would have gone some way in showing the level of
oversight of and commitment to the appellant’s rehabilitation and
reintegration.

The appellant’s medical condition

85 I now address the relevance of the appellant’s medical condition. Although
the appellant concedes that his medical condition is not sufficiently serious
to meet the high threshold for the exercise of judicial mercy, his submissions
in the alternative are that: (a) his medical condition renders him physically
unsuitable for PD; or (b) his medical condition should be regarded as a
mitigating factor.

86 The appellant’s first submission can be disposed of shortly. The Medical
Memorandum dated 24 August 2021 prepared by Dr Lee Guo Rui (“Dr Lee”) annexed
to the 2nd PD Report, found that the appellant was of “generally good physical
condition” and that he was “suitable” for the PD regime. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

2nd PD report, ROP p 377.

The appellant has not provided any reason to cast doubt on Dr Lee’s
assessment.

87 In relation to the appellant’s second submission, I am of the view that the
appellant’s medical condition is not a mitigating factor. In this regard, the
observations of the three-judge coram of the High Court in Chew Soo Chun v
Public Prosecutor [2016] 2 SLR 78 (“Chew Soo Chun”) at [38] are instructive:

In summary, ill health is relevant to sentencing in two ways. First, it is a
ground for the exercise of judicial mercy… Secondly, it exists as a mitigating
factor. The cases where ill health will be regarded as a mitigating factor
include those which do not fall within the realm of the exceptional but
involve markedly disproportionate impact of an imprisonment term on an
offender by reason of his ill health. The court takes into account the fact
that ill health may render an imprisonment term that will not otherwise be
crushing to one offender but may be so to another, and attenuates the sentence
accordingly for the latter offender so that it will not be disproportionate to
his culpability and physical condition.

88 It is clear from Chew Soo Chun that whether the appellant’s medical
condition ought to be accorded mitigating weight depends on whether he would
face far greater suffering than the usual hardship in serving a term of
imprisonment. Such suffering is generally constituted by a risk of significant
deterioration in health or a significant exacerbation of pain and suffering.
In the present case, the Medical Report indicates that he had stage three
right kidney cancer which was “completely removed”. Further, as noted above,
the Medical Memorandum annexed to the 2nd PD report found the appellant to be
of “generally good physical condition” and that he was “suitable” for the PD
regime. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ROP p 377.

89 Although the Medical Report indicated that the five-year survival rate at
this stage of the disease ranged from 60% to 70%, I agree with the Prosecution
that this risk remains regardless of whether the appellant is within or
outside prison. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PS at para 80.

Thus, a sentence of PD would not make a difference to the appellant’s state of
health or the suffering he would face in prison. Moreover, I would go further
to say that the appellant is likely to receive more timely medical
intervention whilst in prison seeing as his cancer was first detected in
remand and thereafter adequately and expeditiously treated.

90 Further, although the appellant argues that a term of PD would be
tantamount to a life sentence after consideration of the five-year survival
rate stated above, I find that there is insufficient evidence to suggest that
the appellant would fall outside of the 60 to 70% survival range. In fact, all
the medical evidence at this point suggests that he is in a good physical
condition.

Duration of the term of PD

91 In relation to the duration of the term of the PD, the DJ found that there
was no reason to depart from the length of his previous term of ten years’ PD.
I agree. There are no significant protective factors in the appellant’s favour
such as those in Public Prosecutor v Tang Hian Leng [2018] SGDC 180 where the
offender had engaged in legal employment, did not resume his illegal drugs
consumption habits, stayed away from his anti-social peers, found a partner
who engaged in pro-social conventional activities and embraced change through
religion, etc., which warranted a decrease in the duration of his term of PD.

92 Ultimately, the duration of the term of PD is guided by the extent to which
the public requires protection from the appellant. The appellant has
demonstrated that he has yet to genuinely assume responsibility for his
conduct as he continually minimises and seeks to justify his violent
behaviour. He has not shown a committed effort to address the root cause of
his offending, which are mainly his alcohol use and non-compliance with his
psychiatric medication. His marked escalation in the severity of his offending
as reflected in the present set of violent offences renders it expedient that
he be detained for a sufficiently long period of time for the protection of
the public.

Conclusion

93 Having regard to all of the above, the sentence of ten years’ PD cannot be
said to be manifestly excessive. I therefore dismiss the appeal.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Mato Kotwani (PDLegal LLC) and Ashwin Ganapathy (I.R.B Law LLP) for the
appellant;

Niranjan Ranjakunalan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Aug 2022 (10:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

