Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 18

District Court Appeal No 155 of 2021

Between

VJV

… Appellant

And

VJW

… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Family Law — Matrimonial Assets — Division]

[Family Law — Maintenance — Wife]

[Family Law — Maintenance — Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VJV

  
v

  

VJW

[2022] SGHCF 18

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 155 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
4, 20 May, 1 July 2022

27 July 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties married on 29 September 2004 in Guangdong, China. The Husband is
a Singapore Citizen and the Wife is a Chinese national and Singapore Permanent
Resident. They have a daughter and a son who are 17 and 10 years old
respectively. The Husband is a senior engineer while the Wife has been a
homemaker since 2004.

2 The ancillary matters were heard on 6 October 2021 and 17 November 2021
before District Judge Chia Wee Kiat (the “DJ”). The learned DJ ordered that
the parties’ matrimonial assets, valued at $796,427.41, be divided equally
between the parties. The DJ also ordered the Husband to pay the Wife $1,000
per month as maintenance for the two children and $2,000 per month as
maintenance for the Wife.

3 The Wife appeals against the DJ’s decision on the grounds that:

(a) the property in Guangzhou, China (the “China Property”), which is in her
sole name, should be excluded from the matrimonial pool;

(b) the Husband withdrew around $200,000 to $300,000 out of his CPF Account
from 2018 to 2020 which should be included in the matrimonial pool
(“Unilateral Withdrawals”);

(c) the indirect contribution of the Husband should be 30% (“Indirect
Contribution”); and

(d) the total monthly maintenance of $3,000 is unreasonable and insufficient
to sustain the family.

4 The Wife says that the China Property was acquired in her sole name before
the parties’ marriage and that the Husband did not contribute to the purchase.
However, she did not produce any evidence on the details of the purchase, nor
evidence of her financial ability to purchase the property. She says that she
could not return to China to retrieve the documents as she needed to take care
of the children in Singapore and the Covid-19 pandemic was ongoing. The only
evidence she produced was a search result from the Chinese government website
which shows that the China Property was registered under her name, with no
details as to when it was purchased. That surely is insufficient to exclude
the China Property from the matrimonial pool. In the absence of any
documentary proof of the purchase of the China Property, I agree with the DJ
that the Wife has failed to discharge her burden of proof and the China
Property should be included in the matrimonial pool.

5 The Husband says that he contributed to the purchase of the China Property
and produced documents showing four payments to the Wife, dated December 2003,
March 2004, November 2004 and December 2004. The learned DJ only included the
last two payments in the matrimonial pool because they were made after the
parties’ marriage. The last two payments are for S$35,000 and S$15,000
respectively. On appeal, the Wife says that the currency of the last two
payments were in RMB and that the payments were for the parties’ allowance and
unrelated to the China Property. However, the receipts of the last two
payments did not indicate the currency of the payment. The Wife also did not
adduce any evidence that shows the purpose of these payments. I find no reason
to disturb the DJ’s finding of fact. I therefore dismiss the Wife’s appeal in
relation to the China Property.

6 As to the Unilateral Withdrawals, the Husband says that he withdrew money
from his CPF Account to support the family. At the court below, the Husband
produced bank statements from 2018 to 2020 to show that he made regular
transfers to his Wife’s bank account. The DJ accepted the Husband’s
explanation and found that the Husband’s CPF withdrawals were used to support
the family. The Wife merely repeats her argument below and does not explain
why the DJ’s finding was “unfair and unreasonable”. I find no reason to
disturb the DJ’s finding and I dismiss the Wife’s appeal in relation to the
Husband’s Unilateral Withdrawals.

7 As to the Indirect Contribution, the Wife says that the Husband’s indirect
contribution should be 30%. It is unclear which part of the DJ’s decision the
Wife is appealing against. The DJ did not adopt the approach in ANJ v ANK
[2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK”) and, therefore, did not make a finding on the
ratio of the parties’ indirect contributions. The DJ was of the view that the
ANJ v ANK approach would unduly favour the working spouse (the Husband) over
the non-working spouse (the Wife) in single-income marriages. The DJ,
therefore, adopted the trend-based approach in TNL v TNK and another appeal
and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609, and awarded the Wife 50% of the
matrimonial assets, which is more than the ordinary range of 35% to 40% for
“‘moderately lengthy marriages’ […] in the range of around 15-18 years” (BOR v
BOS and another appeal [2018] SGCA 78 at [113]). I am of the view that the DJ
had sufficiently taken into account the Wife’s contributions toward the
welfare of the family. The current order represents a fair and just division
of the parties’ matrimonial assets, and I dismiss the Wife’s appeal in respect
of this issue.

8 Lastly, as to maintenance, the Wife says that the total maintenance of
$3,000 is unreasonable and insufficient to sustain the family. In the court
below, the Wife asked for maintenance of $8,000 per month for herself and the
two children. The DJ found that the Husband draws a monthly net salary of
$5,300 and ordered maintenance at $3,000 (which is more than half of the
Husband’s net salary). I am of the view that the maintenance order is fair and
strikes a reasonable balance between the needs of the parties. Although it may
be difficult for the Wife to work part-time and look after the family, it will
be unfair for the Husband to pay more maintenance than his present earning
capacity allows. Parties will have to adjust their spending habits to live
within their means.

9 The Wife says that the Husband is not declaring his true income. This was
raised before the DJ but rejected. On appeal, the Wife produced income tax
payment certificates showing that the Husband paid income tax in Chongqing,
China in 2017 and 2018. However, it is undisputed that the Husband was working
in China during that period and was drawing a higher monthly salary back then.
The tax certificates do not prove that the Husband is currently receiving any
income in China on top of his salary in Singapore. I therefore dismiss the
Wife’s appeal regarding maintenance.

10 For the aforementioned reasons, the Wife’s appeal is dismissed. I make no
orders as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Appellant in person;  
Yap Gim Chuan (Soh Wong & Yap) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Jul 2022 (15:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

