Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 138

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9246 of 2021

Between

Sheik Parvez Zunuas Bin Shaik Raheem  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statutory Offences] — [Road Traffic

Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statutory Offences] — [Motor Vehicle
(Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sheik Parvez Zunuas bin Shaik Raheem

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 138

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9246 of 2021  
Vincent Hoong J  
11 May 2022

15 June 2022 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

1 In the court below, the appellant pleaded guilty to two charges: a charge
under s 43(4) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”) for
driving while under a disqualification order and one charge under s 3(1) of
the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev
Ed) (“MVA”) for using a motor car without insurance. For the s 43(4) RTA
charge, he was sentenced to six weeks’ imprisonment and disqualified from
holding or obtaining all classes of driving licences for a period of 48 months
with effect from the date of release. As for the s 3(1) MVA charge, he was
sentenced to a fine of $600 and disqualified from holding or obtaining all
classes of driving licences for a period of 12 months with effect from the
date of conviction, ie, 29 October 2021. While a stay of execution was ordered
in respect of the imprisonment term imposed, no stay was sought as regards the
disqualification order imposed for the s 3(1) MVA charge. The District Judge’s
(the “DJ’s”) grounds of decision can be found in Public Prosecutor v Sheikh
Parvez Zunuas bin Shaik Raheem [2021] SGDC 256 (the “GD”).

Facts

2 On 10 October 2019, the appellant was convicted on a charge of under s
67(1)(b) of the RTA for driving a motor vehicle while having so much alcohol
in his body that the proportion of it in his breath exceeded the prescribed
limit. He was disqualified from holding or obtaining all classes of driving
licences for 24 months with effect from 10 October 2019. Three days later, on
13 October 2019 at about 11.07 am, the appellant was found driving a motor car
along Changi Airport Terminal 4 Arrival Drive whilst under disqualification.
At the material time, there was therefore no policy of insurance or security
in respect of the third-party risks as required by the MVA in relation to the
use of the said motor car by the appellant.

The appeal

3 He now appeals against the sentences and disqualification orders imposed on
him in respect of both charges (as set out in [1] above), save for the fine
imposed in respect of the s 3(1) MVA charge.

4 In this appeal, he raises several points which I summarise as follows:

(a) The presiding judge in the mentions court (“mentions court judge”) on 13
October 2020 had pre-judged the appellant’s case by taking the view that the
plaintiff did not have a “misjudged belief” that he could only stop driving
when his licence had been surrendered; 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s written submissions (“AWS”) at paragraphs 8, 49 and 56.

(b) The DJ rejected, without basis, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AWS at paragraphs 21–25.

the appellant’s application on 31 August 2021 to make further representations
to the prosecution;

(c) The prosecution did not investigate the appellant’s allegation that the
court interpreter had provided him with the wrong information, such as through
an identity parade or by applying for the Court’s records, nor did it tender
any evidence to rebut or challenge the appellant’s allegation; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at paragraphs 31 and 32.

and

(d) The DJ erred in both fact and law by dismissing the appellant’s submission
and evidence that he had been under a mistaken belief that he had seven more
days to drive after being convicted of a drunk driving charge. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AWS at paragraphs 36.

5 I will deal with each of these points in turn.

My decision

Alleged pre-judging by mentions court judge

6 First, I address the alleged pre-judging by the mentions court judge on 13
October 2020. The appellant did not put forth any evidence to support this
allegation, which also appears inconsistent with his position that the
mentions court judge had also suggested that various other investigative
steps, eg, an identity parade, be convened, or the notes of evidence,
presumably from the 10 October 2019 mention, be applied for. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at paragraph 49.

If the mentions court judge had in fact pre-judged the matter, there would
have been no need to suggest any such steps, and the appellant’s position
therefore appears to be internally inconsistent. I also find it implausible
that the mentions court judge would have taken such a view at a procedural
mention, where no substantive conclusions would need to have been reached.

7 In any case, there is no basis to suggest that any pre-judgment, even if
that had taken place, had any bearing on the sentencing decision of the DJ.
The appellant acknowledged as much in submitting that it is “unknown” whether
the sentencing court was “cognisant of the pre-judgment [by the mentions court
judge]”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at paragraph 56.

The GD shows that the DJ had carefully considered the various aspects of the
appellant’s case and does not present any reason to suggest that the DJ had
been influenced, or, indeed, aware of, any comments made by the mentions court
judge. I am therefore unable to accept the appellant’s submissions in this
regard.

Alleged rejection of further representations

8 I now turn to the point concerning the DJ’s rejection of the appellant’s
application to make further representations on 31 August 2021. I note here
that the appellant queries whether the “disallowance of further
representation” was erroneous in law but does not expressly assert that it
was. Instead, he refers to it as a “lost opportunity”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AWS at paragraph 57.

In this regard, the appellant submits that in the absence of any impropriety,
undue delay or abuse, representations ought not to be disallowed. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AWS at paragraphs 53–57.

9 On this issue, in my judgment, the DJ did not err in law. Neither did her
decision result in any prejudice to the appellant. It is not disputed that the
issue of whether the appellant had the “misjudged belief” that he could
continue driving until his licence had been surrendered was raised by 13
October 2020 at the latest. Three sets of representations had been sent to the
prosecution before 31 August 2021. It is not clear what new grounds the
intended representations would or could have raised. I note as an aside that
those representations, which apparently related only to sentence, had in fact
been sent to the prosecution just before the mention on 31 August 2021. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AWS at paragraph 22.

The appellant’s counsel confirmed that the appellant was ready to plead guilty
on that date, and sentencing was subsequently adjourned to 1 October 2021 and
subsequently to 29 October 2021. In this context, it is difficult to see how
the appellant was deprived of any opportunity to make further representations.

10 More fundamentally, the appellant had every opportunity to make submissions
on the appropriate sentence before the DJ. The appellant had also filed an
affidavit setting out his version of events. It is trite that even if the
prosecution had acceded to the appellant’s representations and sought a fine,
this would not have had a direct impact on the DJ’s decision as she could and
would still have imposed an imprisonment term if that was the more appropriate
sentence in her judgment. I therefore do not think that the DJ’s alleged
disallowance of further representations presents any basis on which to allow
the appeal.

Alleged mistaken belief

11 In my view, the main question which arises is whether the DJ was correct to
reject the appellant’s submission that he had mistakenly believed the
disqualification order had not come into effect at the time of the offences,
and whether a Newton hearing should have been convened.

12 The DJ reasoned that:

(a) The mistaken belief that his disqualification only commenced seven days
after his conviction could only be regarded as an exceptional circumstance if
it was both innocent and based on reasonable grounds (GD at [32]).

(b) The judge who had imposed the earlier disqualification order (“DJ Ho”) had
pronounced the effective date of the disqualification order in the appellant’s
presence. It was inconceivable that the appellant was confused or only heard
part of the sentence. The appellant could not have confused the commencement
of the disqualification order with the seven-day deadline for him to surrender
his driving licence, as those were clearly separate and distinct matters. If
he had been confused, he could have sought clarification from the court (GD at
[34] to [36]).

(c) The DJ found that it was more likely that the court interpreter had
reminded him not to drive after his conviction as he had been disqualified and
that he was to surrender his driving licence within seven days. The WhatsApp
messages produced by the appellant did not corroborate his claim of mistaken
belief (GD at [36] to [37]).

(d) As such, the appellant’s claim that he held a genuine mistaken belief was
rejected as it was neither innocent nor based on reasonable grounds. Instead,
it was a contrived effort on the part of the appellant to avoid the
consequences of his actions when he was stopped on 13 October 2019 (GD at
[38]).

13 At the outset, I should emphasise that to the extent the appellant appears
to be concerned that the DJ was “not pleased” with his allegations against the
court interpreter, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) at p 134; see also AWS at paragraph 43.

any such concern is misplaced. Insofar as such allegations, against any court
officer or, even judicial officers, are made in good faith and are relevant to
the issues at hand, accused persons should not feel that they are somehow
prevented from raising them.

14 In a different context, in Sukla Lalatendu v Public Prosecutor and another
matter [2018] 5 SLR 1183 at [1], the court observed that where allegations of
impropriety are made against judges and judicial officers, the appellate court
should carefully consider the allegations and their basis to assess whether
they merit closer scrutiny, so that any miscarriage of justice may be promptly
corrected if the allegations are borne out, or if they are not, then the
relevant appeal may be dismissed, if necessary with the appropriate
observations. While the allegations in the present case concerned the court
interpreter rather than DJ Ho, the appellant’s concerns should equally be
carefully considered, as indeed the DJ sought to do.

15 It is well-established that a Newton hearing is the exception rather than
the norm and should not ordinarily be convened unless the court is satisfied
that it is necessary to do so to resolve a difficult question of fact that is
material to the court’s determination of the appropriate sentence. The
sentencing judge has a discretion to decline to hear such evidence if he is
satisfied that the case advanced on the defendant’s behalf is, with good
reason, to be regarded as “absurd or obviously untenable” (Ng Chun Hian v
Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 783 at [24]).

16 Having carefully considered the submissions and evidence put before me, I
am unable to agree with the appellant that the sentences imposed should be set
aside or varied, or indeed, that a Newton hearing should have been convened.
This is as (a) even if the appellant had held the mistaken belief alleged,
this would not have been material to sentencing; and (b) in any case, his
claim is obviously untenable.

17 In Muhammad Saiful bin Ismail v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 1028
(“Saiful”), Sundaresh Menon CJ held that there could be rare occasions where
the offender happens to be unaware of the disqualification being in force.
Where this is so, and the offender is able to establish that it is through no
fault of hers, then in principle, it could be a mitigating factor (Saiful at
[30]). Any mistaken belief on the part of the appellant that the
disqualification order had not taken effect would not in itself carry any
mitigating weight.

18 In my view, it cannot be said in the present case that the appellant held
the alleged mistaken belief through no fault of his own. The appellant does
not go so far as to contend that DJ Ho had not, in imposing the
disqualification order, failed to also pronounce the effective date of the
order. Indeed, in support of its position that DJ Ho did make such a
pronouncement, the prosecution referred to s 116 of the Evidence Act, under
which the court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely
to have happened, having regard to the common course of natural events, human
conduct, and public and private business in their relation to the facts of the
particular case. For instance, the court may presume that judicial and
official acts have been regularly performed. While it was not disputed by the
prosecution that this presumption would be a rebuttable one, there is no basis
in the present case to suggest it had been rebutted.

19 As I have indicated above, the appellant did not positively assert that DJ
Ho had not pronounced the effective date of the disqualification order.
Instead, his affidavit merely stated that he could only remember that DJ Ho
had imposed a $3,000 fine and 24 months’ disqualification. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA p 132.

Further, that DJ Ho had in fact pronounced the effective date of the
disqualification order is consistent with the certificate under s 45A of the
Evidence Act, which confirmed that, upon the appellant’s conviction, sentences
including a disqualification order with effect from 10 October 2019 was passed
on him (see GD at [34]). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA p 166.

Indeed, DJ Ho’s notes of evidence expressly specified that the appellant was
to be disqualified from holding or obtaining all classes of driving licences
for a period of 24 months with effect from 10 October 2019. That DJ Ho
pronounced the effective date of the disqualification order is not merely
presumed, but indicated, in the present case, by the notes of evidence.

20 The appellant’s own case is that he understood English well enough and did
not need a court interpreter to translate the Court’s directions into English.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Petition of Appeal (“POA”) at paragraph 9.

I also note, for completeness, that there is no basis to suggest that the
appellant was, through no fault of his own, unable to hear the effective date
pronounced by DJ Ho, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

POA at paragraph 15.

particularly since it appears that he could remember DJ Ho pronouncing the
quantum of the fine and length of the disqualification order. This being the
case, even if the court interpreter had provided him with the wrong
information, any decision on the part of the appellant to take the word of the
court interpreter over that of the court pronouncing judgment cannot
reasonably be said to have caused him to be unaware of the effective date of
the disqualification order through no fault of his own. This is especially
since he did not take any steps to clarify the information allegedly given to
him by the court interpreter, notwithstanding the fact that this would have on
his own case, contradicted the sentence pronounced by the court. Indeed, there
would have been any number of ways for the appellant to clarify any
uncertainty he had regarding the commencement date of the disqualification
order. For instance, aside from clarifying the matter with DJ Ho, the
appellant could have checked the website maintained by the Singapore Police
Force, which would have indicated the status of his driving licence (see
Saiful at [30]). Instead, on his own case, the appellant chose to rely solely
on the alleged representation by the court interpreter.

21 The appellant’s lack of any effort to clarify the apparent contradiction
would, on his case, be even more puzzling when seen in view of his knowledge,
when pleading guilty, that the disqualification order would generally take
effect from the date of conviction. The s 67(1)(b) RTA charge sheet referred
to s 67(2) RTA, which expressly states that unless the court for special
reasons thinks fit to order otherwise, the disqualification order would take
effect from the date of his conviction where no imprisonment term is imposed.
DJ Ho’s notes of evidence also show that the appellant confirmed that he
understood the nature and consequences of his plea, and the appellant does not
contend otherwise. Finally, the WhatsApp messages produced by the appellant
showed that he knew, prior to the mention of the case before DJ Ho, that the
disqualification order would likely take effect on 10 October 2019. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA at p 146.

22 Once it is accepted that even the appellant’s own version of events would
not affect the sentence that should be imposed, it would then follow that it
is not necessary to convene a Newton hearing, as the appellant suggests. In
this context, I also do not think that anything turns on the prosecution’s
alleged failure to investigate the matter in the manner suggested by the
appellant.

23 For completeness, I would also add that the appellant’s assertions would
appear to be obviously untenable, and this is an additional reason that I do
not think the DJ erred in declining to convene a Newton Hearing. As alluded to
above, the appellant’s failure to take any steps to clarify the apparent
inconsistency between what the court interpreter had allegedly told him and
what DJ Ho had pronounced, especially in the context of his clear
understanding, prior to the mention, that the disqualification order would
likely take effect from 10 October 2019, casts serious doubt on whether the
court interpreter had indeed given him the misinformation alleged.

24 It also appears to be extremely unlikely that the court interpreter would
have informed him that the disqualification order would only take effect after
he surrendered his licence, given the sentence pronounced by DJ Ho. While I
would not go so far as to infer that that it was more likely the court
interpreter had reminded him not to drive after the conviction and that he was
to surrender his driving licence within seven days (see GD at [36]), equally,
I cannot see any reason that the court interpreter would have provided the
erroneous information as alleged by the appellant, moments after DJ Ho
pronounced the sentence. These factors should also be seen in the light of the
fact that the appellant’s recollection of the events on that date appears to
have been imperfect at best, with him accepting, in his affidavit, that there
were parts of the proceedings he simply could not remember. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA at p 132.

25 In this regard, I do not think that the appellant’s WhatsApp messages,
following the sentencing mention, eg, to the effect that he had one more week
to surrender his licence are probative. They do not indicate, one way or
another, whether the appellant knew that the disqualification order took
effect from 10 October 2019. For instance, they could equally be indicative of
an intention to drive while the disqualification order was in effect, apart
from any time he had to surrender his licence.

Whether the sentences imposed were appropriate

26 I now turn to the sentences imposed by the DJ.

27 On the s 43(4) RTA charge, the appellant asserts that it would be
duplicative to consider the s 67(1)(b) charge as an aggravating factor in
sentencing the appellant for the s 43(4) offence. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS at paragraph 48.

However, it is clear the DJ did not do so. Instead, the DJ had considered
well-established aggravating factors (see GD at [39]). The appellant’s
disqualification order would have expired on 9 October 2021, almost 24 months
from the time he committed the s 43(4) offence, and he had driven three days
after being convicted. This is aggravating (see Saiful at [33] and [34]) in
that it indicates a more blatant disregard for the law and contempt for the
penalties imposed by the court. It would also suggest that the appellant would
have continued to drive during the duration of the disqualification order, at
the very minimum, until he had to surrender his licence. Given that the usual
sentencing tariff for the s 43(4) offence is between four to eight weeks (Fam
Shey Yee v Public Prosecutor [2012] SGHC 134 at [12], cited in the GD at
[31]), I do not think it can be said that the uplift of two weeks from the
bottom of the range was manifestly excessive. The 48-month disqualification
order, which was twice that previously imposed for the s 67(1)(b) charge, is
also in line with Menon CJ’s observation in Saiful at [20] that offenders can
expect at least twice the original period of disqualification imposed. There
are no mitigating circumstances which would suggest that the 48-month period
is disproportionate.

28 On the commencement date of the disqualification order, the appellant
suggested, in his written submissions, that the disqualification order should
take effect from the date of his plea of guilt. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AWS at paragraph 59.

The starting point is that where an accused is sentenced to a disqualification
order as well as a period of imprisonment in respect of the same set of
offences, the former should commence at the end of the period of imprisonment.
This is since an overlap between a disqualification order and a concurrent
term of imprisonment would undermine the penal effect of the disqualification
order (see Saiful at [39] and [46(a)]). Considering that the imprisonment term
and disqualification order arose out of the same charge, the DJ did not err in
ordering that the disqualification order take effect from the appellant’s date
of release from prison.

29 On the s 3(1) MVA charge, the appellant contends that the fine imposed by
the sentencing judge should remain, with the disqualification period reduced
from 12 to three months. However, the 12-month period is specified in s 3(1)
MVA and is to be ordered unless there are special reasons relating to the
facts or circumstances of the offence (see Prathib s/o M Balan v Public
Prosecutor [2018] 3 SLR 1066 at [11]). The appellant has not pointed to any
special reasons, save for his alleged mistaken belief, which for the reasons
above, should not be seen as mitigating, and which, in any case, I do not
accept.

30 The appeal is dismissed.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Rajwin Singh Sandhu (Rajwin & Yong LLP) for the appellant;

Benedict Teong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 16 Jun 2022 (10:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

