Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 88

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9893 of 2020

Between

Sa’adiah bte Jamari  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law — Offences — Causing hurt by means of poison with intent to
commit an offence]

[Evidence — Admissibility of evidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sa’adiah bte Jamari

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 88

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9893 of 2020  
Aedit Abdullah J

17 September 2021, 4 February 2022

19 April 2022

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 Where a person reports a crime against his or her body and provides samples
in this regard, is it open to law enforcement agencies or the Prosecution to
rely on such evidence in making out a wholly separate offence against that
person? In the present case, I accepted that the applicable rules of law did
not preclude such reliance, although I had reservations about the extent to
which this would be possible.

2 Here, the appellant (“the Appellant”), was convicted after trial on two
charges (“the Charges”) under s 328 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
for administering poisons to two babies, one of whom was five months old
(“BB1”) and the other 11 months (“BB2”; collectively, “the Victims”). The
Appellant was babysitting each of them in her home at the material time. She
was sentenced to three and a half years of imprisonment for each offence, and
this was ordered to run consecutively, giving a sentence of seven years’
imprisonment. She presently appeals against her conviction and sentence.

3 In arriving at his decision to convict the Appellant of the charges,
however, the trial Judge (“the Judge”) relied on the fact that a toxicology
report (“the Report”) in respect of blood and urine samples collected from the
Appellant showed all of the drugs that were found in the blood of BB1. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Grounds of Decision (“GD”), para 38.

Those samples were obtained from the Appellant about two to three months
before the subject offences. The Appellant’s evidence is that she made a
police report asserting that she was the victim of a sexual assault, and had
allowed those medical tests to take place as part of her cooperation with
investigations. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s further submissions dated 1 October 2021, para 25.

4 As I had concerns over the use of the Report in such a manner, I directed
parties to make further submissions on the issues of: (a) the propriety of the
use of the Report concerning the Appellant, given that she had complained of
an offence against her; (b) whether there is any rule of law, whether
statutory or case law, that should lead to its exclusion in the present case;
and (c) if it is excluded, the effect on the case as a whole.

5 Having heard parties on the matter, I find that it was open to the
Prosecution to rely on the Report in the present case, although, as mentioned,
I do have concerns about the extent to which law enforcement agencies or the
Prosecution may use information obtained in the course of one investigation in
another set of proceedings. In the present case, however, any exclusion of the
Report from consideration would not in any event have affected the correctness
of the Appellant’s conviction on the Charges. I further find that there is no
basis for the Appellant’s appeal against sentence. Accordingly, I dismiss the
appeal in its entirety.

Background facts

6 The Appellant has a diploma in Nursing and has been enrolled as a nurse with
the Singapore Nursing Board since 2002. She was a freelance nurse at the
material time and advertised her babysitting services on the Internet sometime
in 2016, stating therein that she was a nurse. She resided in an apartment in
Hougang with her two teenage daughters.

7 Sometime in October 2016, the mother of BB1 (“M1”) was looking for
babysitting services for her children, and was contacted by the Appellant. M1
started sending over BB1 and her elder daughter of five years old to the
Appellant’s home for babysitting sometime in early November 2016. Generally,
she would send them over at around 7.30am and pick them up at around 6pm later
that day.

8 The Appellant babysat BB1 and her sister on eight occasions between 7
November and 9 December 2016. The Appellant was the primary caregiver to BB1
during these times and would feed her, including personally preparing her
milk. This was save for one occasion where one of the Appellant’s daughters
did so. It was agreed that the Appellant’s daughters did not administer any
poisons or any stupefying, intoxicating or unwholesome drugs to BB1 during
these babysitting sessions.

9 On 22 November 2016, M1 brought BB1 to KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital
(“KKH”) for a check-up, as she noticed that BB1 was behaving unusually. KKH
took a blood sample from BB1 and subsequently discharged her as nothing
unusual was found. The blood test did not check for any medication or drugs in
BB1’s blood.

10 On 9 December 2016, after picking BB1 up from the Appellant’s home, M1
noticed that BB1 was unnaturally drowsy. She brought BB1 to Parkway East
Hospital (“PEH”), whereupon BB1 was admitted. A medical memo dated 16 February
2017 stated that she was found to be drowsy, floppy and unable to follow
objects. A blood sample taken from BB1 on 9 December 2016 was sent to the
Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis on 12 December 2016, and was
found to contain the following substances:

(a) Alprazolam – 0.37ug/ml;

(b) Chlorpheniramine – 0.14ug/ml;

(c) (Dextro)methorphan – 0.19ug/ml;

(d) Diazepam – 0.28ug/ml;

(e) Nordiazepam – 0.90ug/ml;

(f) Orphenadrine – 0.10ug/ml;

(g) Oxazepam – 0.13ug/ml;

(h) (Pseudo)ephedrine – 2.3ug/ml;

(i) Temazepam – 0.10ug/ml;

(j) Triprolidine – 0.05ug/ml; and

(k) Zolpidem – 0.96ug/ml.

11 BB1 responded well to treatment and was subsequently discharged on 13
December 2016. She was found to be well at a review on 17 December 2016.

12 As for BB2, sometime in December 2016, her mother (“M2”) posted in a
Facebook group called “Mummy’s Group” that she needed someone to look after
BB2 on the night of 25 December 2016. The Appellant responded to this message,
and it was agreed that M2 would send BB2 to the Appellant’s home for
babysitting. M2 subsequently sent BB2 to the Appellant’s home on the said
night. Other than the Appellant and her daughters, Dr Peter Looi (“Dr Looi”)
was also present in her home. However, he was not involved in BB2’s care. As
with the charge involving BB1, it was agreed that the Appellant’s daughters
did not administer any poisons or any stupefying, intoxicating or unwholesome
drugs to BB2.

13 On 26 December 2016, sometime between 6.30am and 7.30am, BB2’s father
(“F2”) picked BB2 up from the Appellant’s home. M2 sent BB2 to KKH at around
5pm on the same day. BB2 was observed to be drowsy with ptosis (droopy
eyelids), truncal ataxia (inability to sit upright and/or stand without
support) and had difficulty walking, and was admitted.

14 A urine sample taken from BB2 on 28 December 2016 was sent to the HSA for
analysis the following day. The following substances were detected in the
urine sample: hydroxyalprazolam, alprazolam, chlorpheniramine, diazepam,
ephedrine, nordiazepam, oxazepam and temazepam. A blood sample taken from BB2
on 29 December 2016 was also sent to the HSA for analysis on the same day, and
was found to contain the following substances:

(a) Diazepam – 0.33ug/ml;

(b) Nordiazepam – 1.3ug/ml;

(c) Oxazepam – 0.17ug/ml; and

(d) Temazepam – 0.08ug/ml.

15 BB2 responded well to physiotherapy and occupational therapy, and was
discharged on 1 January 2017.

16 On 29 December 2016, the police seized the following items from the
Appellant’s home:

(a) One empty slab of zolpidem (trade name “Stilnox”);

(b) One slab of chlorpheniramine (trade name “Piriton”) with ten tablets;

(c) A handkerchief with brown stains, on which diazepam was detected after
testing; and

(d) A milk bottle, on which zolpidem was detected after testing.

17 It was also agreed that in November and December 2016, the Appellant was
prescribed, among other things, “Stilnox” (zolpidem), “Xanax” (alprazolam) and
diazepam by Everhealth Medical Centre. Furthermore, the following items are
available over the counter at pharmacies:

(a) (Pseudo)ephedrine and/or ephedrine;

(b) (Dextro)methorphan; and

(c) Triprolidine.

18 Nordiazepam, oxazepam and temazepam are metabolites of diazepam, while
hydroxyalprazolam is a metabolite of alprazolam.

19 The Appellant was charged with administering alprazolam, chlorpheniramine,
(dextro)methorphan, diazepam, orphenadrine, oxazepam, (pseudo)ephedrine,
temazepam, triprolidine and zolpidem to BB1 sometime from 7 November to 9
December 2016 at or near the Appellant’s home with intent to cause hurt to
her, an offence under s 328 of the Penal Code. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”), p 8.

She was further charged under s 328 of the Penal Code with administering
alprazolam, chlorpheniramine, diazepam, ephedrine, oxazepam and temazepam to
BB2 sometime from 25 to 26 December 2016 at or near the Appellant’s home with
intent to cause hurt to her. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP, p 9.

The parties’ cases below

20 The Prosecution submitted that the Charges were made out as the Appellant
had access to the drugs that were found in the bodies of the Victims: either
through prescriptions at the material time, brought over to her home by Dr
Looi, or by purchasing them over the counter. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions, para 4 (ROP, p 1163).

It was argued that she administered the drugs to the Victims. The Victims’
mothers had consistently testified that their babies were normal when they
were brought over to the Appellant’s home, but unusually drowsy when picked
up, and their testimony was corroborated by their messages to the Appellant as
well as the fact that they brought the Victims to the hospital to be examined.
The poisons were also found in the Victims’ blood samples shortly after they
had left the care of the Appellant. The Appellant did not moreover have a
satisfactory explanation for the milk bottle with traces of zolpidem which was
found in her home. It was argued that the Appellant, being an enrolled nurse
and being fully aware of the dangers of administering non-prescribed
medication to babies, clearly intended to cause hurt to the Victims by so
administering the poisons to them.

21 With regard to sentence, the Prosecution highlighted the vulnerability of
the Victims, and the testimony of Dr Juliet Tan (“Dr Tan”) and Dr Koh Ai Ling
(“Dr Koh”), Registrars at the Department of Paediatrics in KKH who had
prepared medical reports for BB2, that it would be unsafe to administer the
drugs that were found in the Victims without close monitoring. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Sentencing Submissions, paras 4 to 5, 7 (ROP, pp 1330
to 1331).

The Prosecution sought a sentence of at least seven years’ imprisonment,
bearing in mind that the sentencing norm for such cases was in the range of
three to four years’ imprisonment and on an application of the totality
principle. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Sentencing Submissions, paras 10 to 12 (ROP, pp 1331 to
1332).

Furthermore, where victims of similar vulnerability were involved, three
years’ imprisonment had been imposed for mere attempts to commit the offence.

22 The Appellant denied administering the drugs to the Victims. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence’s Final Submissions, para 10 (ROP, p 1384).

She argued that the forensic investigations were insufficient to show that
only she could have administered the drugs to the babies. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defence’s Final Submissions, para 25 (ROP, p 1387).

The Report showed at best that she had access to those drugs that were found
in her body in September 2016. On the other hand, many of the poisons were
widely available over the counter, and a majority of them were not found
inside her home. Furthermore, the police had been single-minded in
investigating the Appellant to the exclusion of other suspects. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence’s Final Submissions, para 30 (ROP, p 1392).

They only belatedly conducted an incomplete screening of the medical records
of the Victim’s family members, and did not conduct a search of their homes.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defence’s Final Submissions, paras 31 to 35 (ROP, pp 1392 to 1394).

In this regard, it was possible that BB1 had been administered the drugs by
BB1’s paternal grandmother, who was a senior assistant nurse at Tan Tock Seng
Hospital (“TTSH”) and disapproved of BB1’s babysitting arrangement with the
Appellant. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence’s Final Submissions, para 48 (ROP, p 1400).

It was also possible that BB2 had been administered the drugs by either or
both of BB2’s parents. They had sent BB2 to the hospital only in the evening
despite collecting her in the morning. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence’s Final Submissions, paras 74 to 76 (ROP, pp 1410 to 1411).

23 The Appellant argued that a global sentence of not more than two years’
imprisonment was appropriate. Among other things, her contribution to society
as a nurse was a mitigating factor and the poisons had no lasting side-effects
on the Victims. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence’s Mitigation and Sentencing Submissions, paras 4 and 9 (ROP, pp 1456 –
1457).

She had also been suffering from various mental conditions including major
depressive disorder, such that she was not an appropriate example to deter
others from committing similar offences. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence’s Mitigation and Sentencing Submissions, paras 11 to 12 (ROP, pp 1460
to 1462).

Several of the cases highlighted by the Prosecution involved domestic workers
poisoning their employers or employers’ families as revenge, but there was no
such consideration in the present case, and those cases involved substances
such as liquid soap and insecticide that were not meant for consumption under
any circumstances. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence’s Mitigation and Sentencing Submissions, para 26 (ROP, p 1469).

Decision below

24 The Judge found that the strength of the circumstantial evidence was such
that an irresistible inference could be drawn that the Appellant had
administered the drugs to the Victims.

25 He observed that the drugs that were found in the blood of BB1 were
connected to the Appellant primarily due to the timing of the symptoms and the
fact that all the drugs found in the blood of BB1 could be traced to identical
drugs that the Appellant had taken or been prescribed as medication. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

GD, [37].

Furthermore, he was satisfied from the circumstances that no one other than
the Appellant had administered the drugs found in BB1. He found that there was
no evidential basis for the suggestion by the Defence that BB1 could have been
poisoned by BB1’s paternal grandmother, whom he found an honest witness. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

GD, [38].

There was also no suggestion by the Defence that M1 had poisoned BB1 and no
evidence to indicate as much, and her actions was consistent with the
behaviour of a concerned mother who sought medical attention for her daughter
when something was wrong with her. The symptoms observed of BB1 being under
the influence of medication or drugs which were found in her blood were right
after BB1 was picked up from the Appellant’s home. It was also “most
compelling” that all ten drugs found in the blood of BB1 coincided with the
different drugs that the Appellant had consumed before and had access to.

26 As for BB2, her change in behaviour before and after the babysitting
session with the Appellant could only be explained by the drugs found in her
urine and blood samples. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD, [42].

Since parties had agreed that Dr Looi and the Appellant’s two daughters did
not administer the drugs to BB2, only the Appellant could have done so while
BB2 was at her home. The Judge found no basis for the suggestion that either
or both of BB2’s parents could have poisoned BB2. The Appellant also had
recent access to those specific drugs that were found in BB2’s samples as well
as the opportunity to administer them to her.

27 He additionally found the Appellant an unreliable witness who had sought at
every turn to distance herself from the poisons found in the bodies of the
Victims; yet, these attempts were futile in light of her medical records. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

GD, [48].

28 On sentencing, the Judge considered, inter alia, the young age of the
Victims, the nature of the drugs, which put their lives at risk, and the high
level of trust reposed in the Appellant by the Victims’ mothers. Deterrence
and retribution were therefore relevant sentencing principles. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

GD, [56].

He agreed with the Prosecution’s submissions that the applicable sentences
were in the range of three to four years’ imprisonment per charge, based on
the sentencing precedents tendered. He found that the sentence for each
offence should be three and a half years’ imprisonment, with the totality
principle not being highly relevant as the total sentence was not crushing or
disproportionate to the Appellant’s criminality. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

GD, [59] and [61].

The arguments on appeal

29 On appeal, the Appellant raises essentially the same contentions as in the
proceedings below. She argues that it was not shown that she even possessed
all the drugs at the material time: only one drug was found in her home along
with mere traces of two others. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, para 18.

She also questions the Judge’s reliance on the Report: as it was addressed to
an investigator from the Serious Sexual Crime Branch of the Criminal
Investigation Department (“CID”), this is said to imply that she was a victim
of a sexual assault, and may in fact have been drugged by her assailant. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, para 99.

She argues that the admission of the Report was tantamount to a violation of
her right against self-incrimination. She submits that this right is a
constitutional right or, at the very least, a statutory one as recognised in s
22(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC 2012”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s Further Arguments, para 18.

She submits as well that it ought to have been excluded, being similar fact
evidence that does not fall within the categories of ss 14 or 15 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”) for the admission of such evidence.
In any event, even if the Report is found to be prima facie admissible, it is
contended that it should be excluded pursuant to the common law discretion to
exclude voluntary statements where the prejudicial effect of the evidence
exceeds its probative value. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Further Arguments, paras 34 to 35.

The Appellant argues that if the Report is so excluded, the Prosecution’s case
must fail, as the remaining evidence does not justify a finding of her guilt
beyond reasonable doubt. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s Further Arguments, para 39.

30 Additionally, she submits that the Judge erred in relying on the timing of
symptoms exhibited by the Victims to find that the drugs were administered to
them while they were in the Appellant’s care. Amongst other things, BB1’s
family members had testified that BB1 appeared sleepy, tired and “not her
normal self” sometime in the end of November 2016, even though the Appellant
had not babysat BB1 between 22 November and 4 December 2016. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, paras 72 to 76.

As for BB2, given that the doctors had testified that the effects of the drugs
would be most pronounced upon administration of them, there was a strong
inference that the drugs were administered to BB2 a short time prior to her
admission to hospital, as opposed to earlier in the day when she was at the
Appellant’s home. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, paras 168 to 169.

Finally, the Appellant reiterates that other individuals could have
administered the drugs to the Victims, and contends that the failure of the
police to conduct timely investigations into other potential suspects has
caused the loss of vital evidence in determining her guilt or innocence . 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, paras 38 to 46.

The Appellant does not raise any arguments as to the appropriate sentence in
the event that her conviction is upheld. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, para 179.

31 The Prosecution argues that the Judge correctly found that the Appellant
had access to all the drugs found in the Victims’ bodies. It was undisputed
that she had access to these drugs in 2016, and the claim that she could have
involuntarily consumed them was a “preposterous one” being raised for the
first time on appeal. Indeed, she had agreed in cross-examination that she had
consumed all the medication which was found in her body pursuant to the
Report. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondent’s Submissions, paras 28, 30 to 32.

Furthermore, it is submitted that the Report was properly obtained through the
exercise of the police’s investigative powers. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions, para 11.

As the Appellant had expressly consented to the admission and use of the
Report by the Prosecution at the trial below, it is argued that it is not open
to her to retrospectively retract her consent now. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions, para 12.

In any case, the Prosecution submits that it was not only entitled to rely on
the Report but “duty-bound” to do so, the Report being relevant material and,
as the “fruits of investigations”, the “property of the community to ensure
that justice is done”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions, para 13.

The Prosecution further argues that the argument on the constitutional right
against self-incrimination must fail as, inter alia, the Court of Appeal in
Public Prosecutor v Mazlan bin Maidun [1992] 3 SLR(R) 968 (“Mazlan”) had held
that there is no constitutional right against self-incrimination, as was also
acknowledged by the Appellant. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions, para 18.

It argues as well that the Report does not contravene the rule against similar
fact evidence, since it does not constitute past misconduct that is being used
to prove that she has a propensity to commit offences of that sort, nor is it
used to collaterally attack her character. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions, para 17.

Furthermore, it is submitted that the Report should not be excluded since its
probative value outweighs its prejudicial effect, and its reliability is not
in dispute. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions, paras 22 and 32.

The Prosecution submits that even if the Report is excluded from
consideration, the Appellant’s convictions are safe. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions, para 37.

32 The Prosecution argues as well that it is unclear that the method through
which the drugs was administered to the infants is material, since it was
undisputed that the drugs had been unlawfully administered to the Victims, and
the only issue in dispute was as to the identity of the perpetrator. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Submissions, para 34.

It is argued that in any case, an analyst from the HSA had testified that the
drugs could have been administered orally or injected. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s Submissions, para 35.

The Appellant had in fact informed the police that she crushed half a tablet
of “Piriton” (chlorpheniramine), mixed it with water and fed it to BB1. The
Prosecution submits that although the scientific evidence cannot precisely
pinpoint the exact time at which the drugs were administered, that evidence
together with the presentation of the Victims’ symptoms sufficiently enabled
the Judge to correctly triangulate the time period in which this likely
occurred. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s Submissions, para 36.

Finally, the contention that the police failed to properly investigate other
potential suspects was untrue, as everyone who stayed with the Victims or had
close access to them were screened to ascertain whether they had access to
prescription drugs. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Respondent’s Submissions, para 41.

The Prosecution observes that the Appellant has not set out particulars
regarding any argument against the sentence imposed, and that in any event the
said sentence was appropriate. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Submissions, para 3.

My decision on the appeal against conviction

The law

33 Section 328 of the Penal Code provides as follows:

Causing hurt by means of poisons, etc., with intent to commit an offence

328. Whoever administers to, or causes to be taken by, any person any poison or any stupefying or intoxicating substance, or any substance which is harmful to the human body to inhale, swallow or receive into the blood, with intent to cause hurt to such person, or with intent to commit or to facilitate the commission of an offence, or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby cause hurt, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning. 

34 In relation to the two charges faced by the Appellant, it must therefore be
proved by the Prosecution that: (a) the Appellant administered the drugs to
the Victims; (b) with intent to cause hurt to them. As to the latter element,
the Prosecution had submitted below, and the Judge appeared to implicitly
accept, that the requisite intention and knowledge could be judged and
inferred from her objective conduct and all the surrounding circumstances
(Muhammad Khalis bin Ramlee v Public Prosecutor [2018] 5 SLR 449 (“Muhammad
Khalis”) at [42]). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions, para 8 (ROP, pp 1164 to 1165).

Where it is shown that a reasonable person in the position of an accused
person would have known that a certain outcome would result from his acts, he
would have to prove or explain how and why he did not in fact have such
knowledge (Muhammad Khalis at [44]). As the Appellant does not dispute this
element (her contention being the former element, viz, that she was not the
one who administered the drugs to the Victims), I say no more on this, save to
note that where the former element is satisfied, the objective circumstances
would point to the requisite intention. This would be in light of her position
as a nurse and her acceptance in cross-examination that medication taken
without prescription or in an incorrect dosage could cause harm to infants. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”), 15 July 2020, p 2 line 23 to p 3 line 17 (ROP, pp
459 to 460).

Issues to be determined

35 The following issues therefore arise for consideration:

(a) First, whether the Judge was justified in finding that the Appellant had
access to all of the drugs, including relying on the Report in coming to this
finding;

(b) Second, whether the Judge was justified in relying on the timing of
symptoms exhibited by the Victims to find that the drugs were administered to
them while they were in the Appellant’s care;

(c) Third, whether the Judge erred in ruling out other individuals who could
have administered the drugs; and

(d) Fourth, whether the sentence imposed by the Judge ought to be varied.

The Appellant’s access to all of the drugs

36 In my view, the Judge was justified in finding that the Appellant had
access to all of the drugs which were found in the Victims’ bodies.

Propriety of the use of the Report

37 The investigating officer in the present case testified that the Report was
obtained in the course of his investigations, as he discovered that the
Appellant was involved in another case in which her blood and urine samples
had been taken and sent to the HSA for analysis on 6 September 2016. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 67 line 10 to line 16 (Record of
Proceedings (“ROP”), p 196).

He therefore obtained the Report which was dated 28 September 2016. The
Appellant had stated in re-examination that it was addressed to the Serious
Sexual Crime Branch of the CID, as she was having a quarrel with Dr Looi and
thought she might have been pregnant. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Notes of Evidence, 15 July 2020, p 127 line 29 to line 31 (ROP, p 584).

As noted above (at [3]), the Appellant argues that she had allowed these
medical tests to take place as part of her cooperation with investigations. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Appellant’s Further Submissions, para 25.

38 The Appellant’s samples were therefore voluntarily given, as opposed to
being mandated under such statutes as the Registration of Criminals Act 1949
(2020 Rev Ed), which provides that a body sample may be taken from arrested
persons, convicted persons and prisoners for forensic DNA analysis; and it is,
inter alia, an offence if they refuse to provide or obstruct the taking of a
sample without reasonable excuse (ss 13B(1) and 13E(5) respectively). There is
also apparently no statutory prohibition against the use of such evidence in
subsequent judicial proceedings, in the absence of any regulations for the
manner in which such samples should be taken: see, in contrast, the Misuse of
Drugs (Urine Specimens and Urine Tests) Regulations (1999 Rev Ed) reg 6, which
mandates a procedure for the taking and depositing of urine samples for tests
under s 31 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1973 (2020 Rev Ed).

39 Nonetheless, I had concerns whether the use of the Report was proper, since
the Appellant had given the sample for a specific purpose, separate from the
investigations into the current case, where she was the complainant of a
possible offence. To my mind, there could be arguments why information
obtained from her complaint should not be used against her: aside from the
privilege against self-incrimination, it may be envisaged that privacy or
confidentiality rights could be engaged, particularly as these related to
information about her own body. It was best for parties to be invited to
ventilate possible arguments.

40 Having considered the arguments made before me, I have concluded that the
use of the Report is proper as:

(a) It is relevant and admissible as evidence;

(b) There is no bar to its use either on the basis of

(i) The privilege against self-incrimination; or

(ii) The rule against similar fact evidence; and

(c) There is nothing to attract the exercise of the Court’s discretion against
its use in the proceedings.

In addition, I am satisfied that there is no separate right of privacy or
confidentiality relating to a person’s body that would need to be vindicated
in this context.

(1) Relevance and admissibility

41 I agree with the Prosecution that the Report is relevant and admissible
under several of the general categories of relevant facts under the EA. Its
admissibility is also supported by s 263 of the CPC 2012, which provides that
the reports of certain qualified persons on any matter or thing duly submitted
to them for analysis are admissible as evidence of the facts stated therein
“in any criminal proceeding under this Code”.

42 The Prosecution argues that the fact of the Appellant’s access to the drugs
in September 2016, when the Report was made, is a relevant fact under, amongst
others, ss 7, 9 and 11 of the EA. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 15 October 2021, para 14.

Section 7 provides for the relevance of facts “which are the occasion, cause
or effect, immediate or otherwise, of relevant facts or facts in issue, or
which constitute the state of things under which they happened or which
afforded an opportunity for their occurrence or transaction”. Section 9
provides for the relevance of facts which, inter alia, are “necessary to
explain or introduce a fact in issue or a relevant fact, or which support or
rebut an inference suggested by a fact in issue or a relevant fact”. Section
11 provides that facts which are not otherwise relevant are relevant if: (a)
“they are inconsistent with any fact in issue or relevant fact”; or (b) “by
themselves or in connection with other facts they make the existence or non-
existence of any fact in issue or relevant fact highly probable or
improbable”.

43 The Report, which is prima facie evidence that the subject drugs were
detected in her blood and/or urine, speak to an effect of the relevant fact of
her access to the drugs (s 7 of the EA). It also supports an inference
suggested by another relevant fact of her having been prescribed some of these
drugs, that inference being that she had access to and was familiar with them
(s 9 of the EA). For that reason, it also goes towards making highly probable
the fact that she did indeed have access to and was familiar with the drugs (s
11(b) of the EA). Furthermore, the Report contradicts the Appellant’s
testimony that she did not have some of the drugs in her house or was not
familiar with them (s 11(a) of the EA). For example, she had on the stand
denied having (dextro)methorphan in her house, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE, 14 July 2020, p 52 line 31 to p 53 line 4 (ROP, pp 427 to 428).

although she stated in a statement to the police that she had received it when
previously admitted to TTSH; 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

P72, Answer to Question 6 (ROP, p 1134).

and denied being familiar with, amongst others, (pseudo)ephedrine. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE, 14 July 2020, p 59 line 12 to line 15 (ROP, pp 434).

44 The breadth of s 263 of the CPC 2012 under which the Report was produced 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

P17 (ROP, p 722).

also indicates that it is properly admissible in the present proceedings.
Section 263 provides that:

Report of qualified persons

263.—(1) A document … which is presented as the report of a qualified person
concerning a matter of thing duly submitted to him for examination, analysis
or report, may be used as evidence in any criminal proceeding under this Code,
and the qualified person need not be called as a witness unless the court or
any of the parties requires that person to be examined orally or cross-
examined on the report.

(2) Qualified persons are by this Code bound to state the truth in their
reports.

(3) A report of a qualified person is admissible as prima facie evidence of
the facts stated in it.

…

45 The Report may be considered to have been made on matters “duly submitted”
to the analyst for his consideration, in the sense of “properly”, ie, proof of
identity of the article sent to the qualified person with the articles
examined by him must be established (State of Orissa v Kaushalya Dei AIR 1965
Ori 38 at [8], in relation to the former s 510 of the Indian Code of Criminal
Procedure 1898 (“Indian CPC 1898”); the present s 293 of the Indian Code of
Criminal Procedure 1973 (“Indian CPC 1973”)). Significantly, the phrase “any
criminal proceeding under this Code” does not appear to require that the
subject report is only admitted in proceedings that it was sought in
contemplation of. It has been held that the phrase does not refer to judicial
proceedings only and that “if such a report is made in any kind of proceeding
under the Code…that can be used as evidence in any enquiry, trial or other
proceeding under the Code” (Abdul Rahiman v The State of Mysore (1972) CriLJ
406 at [9], on s 510 of the Indian CPC 1898). It is noted that s 510 of the
Indian CPC 1898 was intended to save the then-small number of government
experts, whose evidence was frequently needed in the criminal courts, the need
of appearing in Court (Law Commission of India, 41st Report (The Code of
Criminal Procedure, 1898), September 1969 at para 41.1).

46 As such, I agree with the Prosecution that the Report was “properly
obtained through the exercise of the police’s investigative powers”. It was
also properly admissible pursuant to the general categories of relevant facts
in the EA discussed above as well as s 263 of the CPC 2012. It is also
significant that in the present case, the maker of the Report did provide oral
evidence and was cross-examined by the Defence on the Report. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Notes of Evidence (20 February 2020) pp 11–15 (ROP, pp 225–229).

There therefore cannot be an objection by the Appellant that such examination
was required by her but not provided, having regard to the language of s 263
of the CPC 2012.

47 As a matter of clarification, however, it may not be entirely correct for
the Prosecution to argue that it was “duty bound” to rely on the Report in the
present proceedings. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 15 October 2021, para 13.

It is true that the Prosecution has a “duty to the court and to the wider
public to ensure that only the guilty are convicted, and that all relevant
material is placed before the court to assist it in the determination of the
truth” (Muhammad bin Kadar v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“Kadar”) at
[200]; reiterated in Muhammad Nabill bin Mohd Fuad v Public Prosecutor [2020]
1 SLR 984 (“Nabill”) at [37]). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 15 October 2021, para 13.

This reflects the fact that the Prosecution acts “at all times in the public
interest” (Nabill at [37]). However, it does not necessarily follow that the
Report falls under the “fruits of investigations” which are to be disclosed to
ensure that justice is done (Kadar at [200]). Rather, the notion of “fruits of
investigations” in R v Stinchcombe [1991] 3 SCR 326 (“Stinchcombe”), which was
cited by the Court of Appeal in Kadar (at [90] and [200]), was concerned with
the Crown’s obligation to disclose to the Defence statements by a witness who
had earlier given evidence at a preliminary inquiry that was favourable to the
accused. It was in that context that the Supreme Court of Canada observed that
“the fruits of the investigation which are in the possession of counsel for
the Crown are not the property of the Crown for use in securing a conviction
but the property of the public to be used to ensure that justice is done. In
contrast, the [D]efence has no obligation to assist the [P]rosecution and is
entitled to assume a purely adversarial role towards the [P]rosecution” (at
[11]–[12]).

48 The subject matter of required disclosure by the Prosecution under
Stinchcombe is therefore described as “fruits of the investigation”, since it
likely includes (R v Gubbins [2018] 3 SCR 35 (“Gubbins”) at [22], citing R v
Jackson (2015) ONCA 832 at [92]–[93]):

Relevant, non-privileged information related to the matters the Crown intends
to adduce in evidence against an accused, as well as any information in
respect of which there is a reasonable possibility that it may assist an
accused in the exercise of the right to make full answer and defence. The
information may relate to the unfolding of the narrative of material events,
to the credibility of witnesses or the reliability of evidence that may form
part of the case to meet.

In its normal, natural everyday sense, the phrase “fruits of the
investigation” posits a relationship between the subject matter sought and the
investigation that leads to the charges against an accused.

49 As stated by the Supreme Court of Canada in Gubbins, the “fruits of
investigation” refers to the police’s investigative files, as opposed to
operational records of background information, and is information “generated
or acquired during or as a result of the specific investigation into the
charges against the accused” (at [22]). As such, it is not immediately obvious
that it should encompass information generated pursuant to a separate
investigation commenced by an accused person.

(2) Privilege against self-incrimination

50 The Appellant also argues that the admission of the Report violates the
privilege against self-incrimination. The privilege has been stated as
expressing the rule that “no one is bound to answer any question if the answer
thereto would, in the opinion of the judge, have a tendency to expose the
deponent to any criminal charge, penalty or forfeiture which the judge regards
as reasonably likely to be preferred or sued for” (Blunt v Park Lane Hotel
[1942] 2 KB 253 at 257, cited in AT & T Istel v Tully [1993] 1 AC 45 at 67).
It is part of the broader right to silence, which in turn “does not denote any
single right, but rather refers to a disparate group of immunities” including,
amongst others, a general immunity, possessed by all persons and bodies, from
being compelled on pain of punishment to answer questions posed by other
persons or bodies; or being compelled on pain of punishment to answer
questions the answers to which may incriminate them (R v Director of Serious
Frauds Office, ex p Smith [1993] AC 1 at 30–31). The privilege can cover “any
piece of information or evidence on which the prosecution might wish to rely
in establishing guilt”, including in deciding whether or not to prosecute a
person (Den Norske Bank ASA v Antonatos and another [1999] QB 271 at 289). It
is noted that privilege prevents the production of evidence and does not
affect its admissibility in evidence once produced, which depends on its
relevance (R v George Edward Tompkins (1977) 67 Cr App R 181 at 184; R v
Governor of Pentonville Prison ex p Osman [1990] 1 WLR 277 at 310). What
evidence is relevant is in turn defined by the EA (Basil Anthony Herman v
Premier Security Co-operative Ltd and others [2010] 3 SLR 110 at [25]).

51 As noted by the parties, the Court of Appeal held in Mazlan that the right
to silence is not a fundamental principle of natural justice which is included
in the word “law” in Art 9(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed) (which in turn provides that “[n]o person shall be deprived of
his life or personal liberty save in accordance with law”; at [15]). According
to the Court, to recognise it as a constitutional right “would be to elevate
an evidential rule to constitutional status”, even though it was not
explicitly expressed in the Constitution (at [15]). There was “no specific
constitutional or statutory provision protecting such a ‘right [to silence]’
or such a ‘privilege [against self-incrimination]’)” (at [13]). In fact, other
provisions in the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC 1985”)
which expressly derogated from such a right, ie, ss 122(6) and 123(1) of the
CPC 1985 (predecessors to ss 23(1) and 261(1) of the CPC 2012), had been
upheld as valid and constitutional (at [18]–[19]). It is noted that the Court
of Appeal appeared to treat the right to silence and the privilege against
self-incrimination as co-extensive although, as discussed, they are not: the
privilege protects the right of witnesses not to incriminate themselves, not
their right to remain silent (see Queensland Law Reform Commission, The
Abrogation of the Privilege Against Self-Incrimination (Report No 59)
(December 2004) at para 1.4).

52 In the face of the clear words in Mazlan, it does not seem open to the
Appellant to argue that the privilege against self-incrimination may
constitute part of the fundamental rules of natural justice incorporated into
‘law’ for the purposes of Art 9(1) of the Constitution (ie, with the effect
that any deprivations to life or personal liberty must be in accordance with
it). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Appellant’s further submissions dated 1 October 2021, para 15.

This is notwithstanding the Privy Council’s earlier observation in Haw Tua Tau
and others v Public Prosecutor [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 that “what may be
properly be regarded by lawyers as rules of natural justice change with the
times” (at [26]) and the holding by the Court of Appeal in Yong Vui Kong v
Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 1129 that the fundamental rules of natural
justice are “procedural rights aimed at securing a fair trial” (and do not
contain substantive legal rights) (at [64]). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Appellant’s further submissions dated 1 October 2021, paras 16–17.

I also do not think the Appellant is correct to argue that the privilege
against self-incrimination is, at least in Singapore, part of the fair hearing
rule that was observed to be applicable in both the administrative and
constitutional contexts in Yong Vui Kong v Attorney-General [2011] 2 SLR 1189
at [105]. As set out by Warren Khoo J in Stansfield Business International Pte
Ltd v Minister for Manpower (formerly known as Minister for Labour) [1999] 2
SLR(R) 866 at [26], the fair hearing rule requires:

… firstly, that a party is told of the case he has to meet and of the
allegations made against him; secondly, that he is given not only a fair
opportunity to put his own case, but also a fair opportunity to correct or
contradict the case and the allegations of the other party; thirdly, if a
significant point is to be taken against him by the tribunal, he should have a
similar opportunity.

This is quite separate from the privilege against self-incrimination as
described above, and the Appellant has not shown how the privilege can be a
“bedrock” for the conduct of a fair hearing. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Appellant’s further submissions dated 1 October 2021, para 17.

Although the Grand Chamber of the European Court of Human Rights has held that
the privilege lies “at the heart of the notion of a fair procedure” under Art
6 of the European Convention of Human Rights on the right to a fair trial
despite it not being specifically mentioned therein (John Murray v United
Kingdom (1996) 22 EHRR 29 at [45]; Bykov v Russia [2009] ECHR 441 at [92]),
those observations were made in a different statutory context and cannot apply
here in light of the decision in Mazlan.

53 Additionally, although s 22(2) of the CPC 2012 does statutorily express the
privilege against self-incrimination, I agree with the Prosecution that it
does not apply to the present case. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Appellant’s further submissions dated 1 October 2021, para 18; Respondent’s
further submissions dated 15 October 2021, para 18(b).

Section 22(1) of the CPC 2012 provides that a police officer “may examine
orally any person who appears to be acquainted with any of the facts and
circumstances of the case”, while s 22(2) states that the person examined by
the police is “bound to state truly what he knows about the facts and
circumstances of the case, except that he need not say anything that might
expose him to a criminal charge, penalty or forfeiture”. Section 22(2) of the
CPC 2012 thus permits the person being questioned to maintain his silence on
matters that may be personally incriminating (Lim Thian Lai v Public
Prosecutor [2006] 1 SLR(R) 319 at [17]–[18]) and to that extent preserves the
privilege against self-incrimination for that person (Michael Hor, “The
Privilege against Self-Incrimination and Fairness to the Accused” (1993) SJLS
35 at  
p 38; Ho Hock Lai, “The Privilege Against Self-Incrimination and Right of
Access to a Lawyer” (2013) 25 SAcLJ 826 at [6]).

54 However, s 22(2) of the CPC 2012 relates to the oral examination of a
witness, as indicated by ss 22(1) and 22(3)–(7), the latter of which
provisions contemplate the reduction of that examination into writing. This is
also the case in India, where it has been held that statements reduced into
writing pursuant to the equivalent of s 22(3) (s 161(3) of the Indian CPC
1973) refers to “all that is stated by a witness to a police officer or
officers during the course of investigation” (Asan Tharayil Baby v State of
Kerala (1981) CrLJ 1165 at [13]. On the other hand, the report of the Chemical
Examiner on the examination of blood of an accused person did not appear to be
the subject to the statutory limitations on such statements (see Ukla Kohle v
State of Maharashtra (1963) AIR 1531). It therefore seems to me that s 22(2)
of the CPC cannot be taken to represent a privilege of self-incrimination as
regards the Report. This is also consistent with the fact that the common law
privilege does not exclude real evidence, as I turn now to discuss.

55 The Appellant faces at least three difficulties in any assertion of the
privilege against self-incrimination at common law in my view. First, the
privilege does not appear to cover non-testimonial evidence such as her blood
and urine samples and the consequent Report. Second and more fundamentally,
the privilege does not cover instances where there was a lack of compulsion to
provide the evidence in question. Third, it would seem that she has lost any
such privilege by reason of not claiming it in the proceedings below.

56 On the first, the privilege does not cover real evidence such as her
samples. In the UK, it was held that the privilege, being primarily concerned
with respecting the will of an accused person to remain silent, does not
extend to the use in criminal proceedings of material that may have been
obtained compulsorily from the accused but which have an “existence
independent of [his] will … such as, inter alia, documents acquired pursuant
to a warrant, breath, blood and urine samples and bodily tissue for the
purpose of DNA testing” (Attorney-General’s Reference (No 7 of 2000) [2001]
WLR 1879 at [34], citing Saunders v United Kingdom (1996) 23 EHRR 313 at [69];
see also George v Coombe [1978] Crim LR 47 and R v Kearns [2002] 1 WLR 2815 at
[53(4)]). This is similarly the case in Australia (Sorby and another v
Commonwealth of Australia and others (1983) 46 ALR 237 at 243 to 244). As
discussed by the Supreme Court of Canada in R v Stillman [1997] 1 SCR 607:

[206] That great chronicler of the common law of evidence, Wigmore, offers a
detailed discussion of the fundamental distinction that the common law drew
between compelled testimonial evidence and compelled real evidence. He begins
by asking the question which occupies us at this point:

Does [the privilege] apply only (1) to self-incriminating disclosures which
are testimonial (i.e., communicative, or assertive) in nature? Or (2) to self-
incriminating disclosures which, whether or not testimonial, involved
cooperative participation by the witness: Or (3) to all evidence obtained from
a witness, which incriminates him, whether or not his cooperation is involved?
[Emphasis in original.] (Wigmore on Evidence, vol. 8 (McNaughton rev. 1961),
§2263, at p. 378).

He concludes that the answer is the first; the privilege against self-
incrimination is confined to testimonial disclosures …

The history of the privilege … – especially the spirit of the struggle by
which its establishment came about – suggests that the privilege is limited to
testimonial disclosures. It was directed at the employment of legal process to
extract from the person’s own lips an admission of guilt, which would thus
take the place of other evidence. That is, it was intended to prevent the use
of legal compulsion to extract from the person a sworn communication of his
knowledge of facts which would incriminate him. Such was the process of the
ecclesiastical court, as opposed through two centuries – the inquisitorial
method of putting the accused upon his oath in order to supply the lack of the
required two witnesses. Such was the complaint of Lilburn and his fellow
objectors, that he ought to be convicted by other evidence and not by his own
forced confession upon oath.

Such, too, is the main thrust of the policies of the privilege. … While the
policies admittedly apply to some extent to nontestimonial cooperation, it is
in testimonial disclosures only that the oath and private thoughts and beliefs
of the individual – and therefore the fundamental sentiments supporting the
privilege – are involved.

In other words, it is not merely any and every compulsion that is the kernel
of the privilege, in history and in the constitutional definitions, but
testimonial compulsion. The latter idea is as essential as the former.

[Italics in original; underlining added]

[207] In a subsequent passage, Wigmore addresses more directly the question of
bodily condition (§2265, at pp. 386 et seq.) covering 11 categories of which
the first six were easily considered as not covered by the privilege against
self-incrimination. Wigmore acknowledges that the remaining categories are
more difficult to analyse since they demand the co-operation of the accused
person. However, he concludes that they nevertheless do not engage the
privilege against self-incrimination because they generally do not compel
communication. The 11 categories are as follows:

(1) Routine fingerprinting, photographing or measuring of a suspect.

(2) Imprinting of other portions of a suspect’s body (e.g. foot in mud, nose
and cheek on window) for the purposes of identification.

…

(5) Extraction of substance from inside the body of a suspect for purposes of
analysis and use in evidence …

(11) Requiring a suspect to submit to the use of the truth serum or the lie
detector. …

[emphasis in original]

The Court therefore held that the privilege against self-incrimination was to
be confined to testimonial evidence and not real evidence which, in that case,
consisted of hair samples, buccal swabs and teeth impressions which were taken
from the accused without consent while he was in custody. Such real evidence
would instead generally fall to be treated under the search and seizure
guarantee under s 8 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms (“the
Charter”) (which provides that “everyone has the right to be secure against
unreasonable search or seizure”).

57 Such a constitutional right could potentially have been relevant if
recognised here. The present case is somewhat akin to R v Cole [2012] 3 SCR
34, where school officials had voluntarily provided to the police an
employee’s laptop containing child pornography, which had been obtained by the
school technician in the context of routine maintenance activities. The
Supreme Court of Canada held that the police infringed the accused’s rights
under s 8 of the Charter, since the fact that the laptop had been lawfully
acquired by the school board for its own administrative purposes did not vest
in the police a delegated or derivative power to use it for a criminal
investigation (at [67]). The majority was however of the view that the
unconstitutionally obtained evidence should not be excluded under s 24(2) of
the Charter as its admission would not bring the administration of justice
into disrepute. A similar concern has been recently expressed in the United
States: see, eg, “Police to stop using rape victims’ DNA to investigate
crimes”, Associated Press (24 February 2022) and Azi Paybarah, “Victim’s Rape
Kit Was Used to Identify Her as a Suspect in another Case”, The New York Times
(15 February 2022), citing the constitutional protection against unreasonable
searches and seizures by the government. However, given the absence of a
similar right recognised here, the preferable approach to determining whether
the Report should be excluded rests on the residual discretion at common law
to exclude evidence where its prejudicial effect outweighs its probative
value, as discussed below (at [68]).

58 Second, I agree with the Prosecution that the Appellant faces the further
difficulty that she was not compelled to provide her blood and urine samples
for analysis, or agree to the admission of the Report into evidence. This
follows from the above definition of the privilege in [50] and [56], ie, the
privilege not to be compelled to give evidence against oneself, or nemo
tenetur prodere seipsum (‘no one is bound to betray oneself’) (RH Helmholz,
“Origins of the Privilege Against Self-Incrimination: The Role of the European
Ius Commune” (1990) 65 New York University Law Review 962 at p 962). It is
also confirmed by the statutory preservation of the principle in various
jurisdictions. For example, s 10(1) of the Evidence Act 1977 (Qld) provides
that “nothing in this Act shall render any person compellable to answer any
question tending to criminate the person”. In relation to civil proceedings in
the UK, s 14(1) of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 (UK) provides for the “right of
a person … to refuse to answer any question or produce any document or thing
if to do so would tend to expose that person to proceedings for an offence or
for the recovery of a penalty”. Furthermore, s 60 of the Evidence Act 2006
(NZ) provides for the application of the privilege where a person is “required
to provide specific information” and that information would be likely to
incriminate him for an offence, “self-incrimination” being defined in s 4 as
“the provision by a person of information that could reasonably lead to, or
increase the likelihood of, the prosecution of that person for a criminal
offence”.

59 Third, it seems that by not previously asserting any such privilege, it has
been lost. As stated by Lindsay J in O Ltd v Z [2005] EWHC 238 (Ch) (“O Ltd”)
(at [58]):

The privilege can also be lost simply by reason of its not being claimed.
There is – somehow harsh as it may seem on some sets of facts – no willingness
in the courts to inquire into whether, had he known of it, a person might have
asserted it. That, it has been held, would be to “involve a plain rule in
endless confusion” and:

“Their Lordships see no reason to introduce, with reference to this subject,
an exception to the rule, recognised as essential to the administration of the
Criminal Law, Ignorantia juris non excusat”

see Queen v Edward Coote (1873) 4 JCPC 599 at 607–608; see also R v Clyne
[1985] 2 NSWLR 740 at 746, 747. The textbooks are of the same view; McNicol on
the Law of Privilege, 1982 says at p 180 …:

“At common law if the witness has not claimed the privilege (and presumably
the Judge has not warned the witness of his right) the witness has no
alternative but to suffer the consequences; no retrospectivity of protection
is available.”

60 Thus, in O Ltd, where the defendant had provided computer and other
recorded material to a computer expert engaged by the claimant, pursuant to a
search order on which paedophile pornography of a serious nature was found,
the expert invited the Court to grant permission for those materials to be
handed to the police. Although the defendant later indicated that he wished to
assert the privilege against self-incrimination, Lindsay J held that the
privilege had been lost on an objective view of his behaviour; he had handed
the offensive material to the expert without claiming the privilege (at [70]).
Similarly, in R v Clyne [1985] 2 NSWLR 740, where the Appellant had made
admissions in his oral evidence in proceedings where he had disputed a
bankruptcy notice, the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal held that he
could not challenge the admission of such evidence when he was subsequently
charged with giving a false statement to an officer of the Reserve Bank of
Australia under certain banking regulations. The Court observed (at p 747),
citing the Privy Council decision in R v Coote (1873) LR 4 PC 599, that
evidence given by a witness is ordinarily admissible even if it may be
incriminating, unless he has already claimed the privilege of self-
incrimination and been denied it by the presiding Judge. It added that the
mere fact that a witness on the stand is “ordinarily obliged to answer
questions does not of itself make those answers involuntary in the sense that
it is relevant if those answers are later sought to be used against the
witness in criminal proceedings” (at 747).

61 Given therefore that counsel for the Appellant had not previously objected
to the admission of the Report, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Prosecution’s submissions, para 34.

it does not seem open to her to object to its production by way of asserting
privilege now.

62 Furthermore, in support of her argument that the Report “unfairly
prejudiced and incriminated” her in the present proceedings, the Appellant
relies on Wong Kim Poh v Public Prosecutor [1992] 1 SLR(R) 13 (“Wong Kim Poh”)
for the proposition that “as a general rule, the prosecution is not at liberty
to rely on prejudicial evidence merely because it [was] included in the
accused person’s statement” (Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation
Process (LexisNexis, February 2020) (“Pinsler, Evidence”) at para 3.053). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Appellant’s further submissions at para 27.

However, I agree with the Prosecution that Wong Kim Poh does not assist her.
There, the accused who had been charged with murder had made several
statements under s 121 of the CPC 1985 which were admitted under s 122(5). His
confession that he had stabbed the deceased was contained in only the last
paragraph of the statements, while the 16 preceding paragraphs showed that
prior to the killing, he was a pimp and had lived on the immoral earnings of
his girlfriend. After holding that, inter alia, there was no basis to suggest
that the trial judges had been adversely influenced by these statements
concerning the character of the accused, Yong CJ opined that the preceding
paragraphs of the statements (at [15]):

were concerned with the past activities of the appellant and had nothing
whatsoever to do with the offence for which he was charged. Section 122(5) is
not a carte blanche to introduce irrelevant and/or prejudicial statements made
by the accused which would otherwise not have been admissible under the
provisions of the Evidence Act (Cap 97) or the CPC. We expect prosecutors to
exercise more care in future in complying with the rules of the procedure and
evidence in this particular respect.

63 This is however not the case at hand, given that the matters in the Report
do not have “nothing whatsoever to do” with the subject offences but instead
are specifically connected with the facts in issue, as discussed above.

(3) Similar fact evidence

64 The Appellant additionally argues that the Report constitutes similar fact
evidence that does not does not fall under ss 14 and 15 of the EA, which are
the governing provisions for the admissibility of such evidence. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Appellant’s further submissions dated 1 October 2021, para 3.

However, the Prosecution argues that the rules governing similar fact evidence
are not engaged. This is as it has not argued or suggested that the
Appellant’s consumption of the medication amounted to misconduct or an
offence, or that such consumption meant that she was disposed to drug babies.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 15 October 2021, para 17.

65 I agree with the Prosecution that the Report does not fall foul of the rule
against similar fact evidence. Such evidence relates to circumstances in which
an accused person acts on occasions other than the one which gave rise to the
charged offence, which is sought to be admitted to prove the guilt of the
accused (Pinsler, Evidence at para 3.001). It consists of conduct that is not
specifically connected with the facts in issue (which falls under ss 6–10 of
the EA, being illustrations of “different instances of the connection between
cause and effect which occur most frequently in judicial proceedings”), but
which is merely similar in nature to those facts in issue (Pinsler, Evidence
at paras 3.004–3.005, citing JF Stephen, The Indian Evidence Act, with an
Introduction on the Principles of Judicial Evidence (Thacker, Spink & Co,
1872) at p 55). The rule against similar fact evidence is therefore concerned
with the use of such evidence in an impermissible way, ie, to infer from a
person’s past crimes that he has a propensity or tendency to commit similar
crimes (Tan Meng Jee v Public Prosecutor [1996] 2 SLR(R) 178 (“Tan Meng Jee”)
at [41]; Public Prosecutor v Ranjit Singh Gill Menjeet Singh and another
[2017] 3 SLR 66 at [17]). In other words, the purpose for which the evidence
is sought to be admitted is crucial (Michael Anak Garing v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 748 at [8]; Tan Meng Jee at [37]).

66 It follows from the above analysis on ss 7 and 9 of the EA that the Report
is in fact specifically connected with the facts in issue vis-à-vis the
subject offences and so is not similar fact evidence. The proximity of about
two to three months between the time the samples in the Report were collected
and the time of the subject offences also does not present an issue to the
said relevance. As noted in SC Sarkar, The Law of Evidence in India, Pakistan,
Bangladesh, Burma, Ceylon, Malaysia and Singapore (LexisNexis, 18th Ed, 2014),
s 7 of the EA is expressed in “terms much wider than those of s 6 which makes
relevant facts forming part of the same transaction … facts though not
strictly forming part of the transaction may be so closely connected with it
that they tend to prove or disprove or explain the transaction under enquiry”
(at p 300) [emphasis in original]. The prima facie evidence that the drugs
were found in her blood and urine prior to the subject offences are not
strictly connected with her having possibly administered the drugs to the
babies, but nevertheless have in common the relevant fact of her access to the
drugs towards the end of 2016.

67 I note as well that in Evidence, Professor Pinsler had, in discussing
similar fact evidence, observed that while the rules of admissibility appear
to apply regardless of whether an accused person had intentionally or
unintentionally disclosed evidence of his bad character, it is “arguable that
the [P]rosecution should not be entitled to take advantage of the accused’s
error by adducing evidence which would otherwise be inadmissible” (at para
3.051). He observes that an important question is then whether the court has a
discretion to exclude or limit the use of such evidence, which I turn to
consider next.

(4) The court’s exclusionary discretion

68 The Appellant also argues that the Report should be excluded on the basis
of the court’s residual discretion at common law to exclude evidence where its
prejudicial effect outweighs its probative value (Kadar at [51]–[53]; Sulaiman
bin Jumari v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 557 (“Sulaiman”) at [44]).
Probative value has been defined as its ability to prove a fact in issue or a
relevant fact; while its prejudicial effect refers to how its admission may be
unfair to the accused person as a matter of process (Sulaiman at [47]).
Probative value also varies depending on the type of evidence in question and
the context in which it is sought to be adduced: for example, where there is
lack of evidence on a relevant issue, the probative value of the evidence is
likely to be higher (Australian Law Reform Commission, Uniform Evidence Law
Report (ALRC Report 102, 2005) at para 16.15). In Sulaiman, the Court of
Appeal expressed the view that the exclusionary discretion is concerned with
the reliability of the evidence in question, having regard to whether there
was “some form of unfairness in terms of the circumstances and process by
which they were obtained” (at [45]).

69 In my view, given there is no issue of unlawfulness in procuring the
evidence or of bad faith, any prejudicial effect to the Appellant (as defined
in [68]) is somewhat limited. On the former, the decision of Kadar
demonstrates that it is “only serious irregularities, meaning those that
materially affect the evidential value of a voluntary statement”, that will
suffice for the court to exercise the exclusionary discretion (at [65]). A
failure to caution a person under s 122(6) of the CPC 1985 or to be informed
of rights under s 121(2) of the same would not in themselves suffice (at
[66]). There, the Court of Appeal found that breaches of s 121 of the CPC 1985
and the relevant Police General Orders were “serious enough to compromise in a
material way” the reliability of the certain statements (at [146]). In
contrast, there are no such questions of breaches of procedure compromising
reliability in relation to the Report.

70 On the latter, it has been held in England that bad faith may be a factor
leading to the exclusion of evidence under s 78 of the Police and Criminal
Evidence Act 1984 (UK) (“PACE”), which confers on the court the discretion to
exclude prejudicial evidence on which the Prosecution proposes to rely.
Furthermore, evidence may nevertheless be excluded for serious breaches of
procedure even if the police have acted in good faith (Colin Carlton Alladice
(1988) 87 Cr App R 380 at 386). For example, in Matto v Wolverhampton Crown
Court [1987] RTR 337, the English High Court held that given the Crown Court’s
finding that the police officers knew they were in excess of their powers and
therefore acted in bad faith in administering a breathalyser test,
circumstances existed for the exclusion of evidence under s 78 of PACE. Again,
I do not view the police or the Prosecution as having acted in bad faith in
the circumstances.

71 As for instances where body samples taken in one inquiry are used in
another, it seems that in the absence of any regulations governing their use
or retention, there might only be issues of unfairness which may justify
excluding the evidence if the accused was assured that this would not take
place. This was the case in R v Nathaniel [1995] 2 Cr App R 565, where DNA
evidence was given by an accused person in relation to a possible offence of
rape involving two Danish girls of which he was later acquitted, and the
police failed to destroy his DNA profile as required under s 64 of PACE 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Section 64 of PACE at the time provided, inter alia, that if “(a) … samples
are taken from a person in connection with the investigation of an offence;
and (b) he is cleared of that offence; they must be destroyed as soon as is
practicable after the conclusion of the proceeding”.

even though they had informed him, before taking the sample, that such
destruction would take place were he cleared of the offence. The police
instead entered it on the Metropolitan computer index which matched him to
another offence, for which he was arrested and convicted. The English Court of
Appeal observed that not only had there been a breach of s 64, but the accused
“had in effect been misled in consenting to give the blood sample by
statements and promises which were not honoured” (at 571). Subsequently, in
Attorney General’s Reference (No 3 of 1999) [2001] 2 AC 91, concerning a DNA
profile from a saliva sample from a defendant’s charge of burglary (for which
he was acquitted) which later linked him to a rape, the House of Lords held
that wrongfully retained samples would nevertheless be admissible subject to
the exclusionary discretion under s 78 of PACE. Lord Steyn expressed the view
that there ought to be “fairness to all sides”, ie, the accused, the victim
and his or her family, and the public; and it was “in the interests of
everyone that serious crime be effectively investigated and prosecuted” (at p
118).

72 Although s 78 of PACE casts the exclusionary discretion in wider terms than
the common law discretion recognised in R v Sang [1980] 1 AC 402 (R v Stephen
Cooke [1995] 1 Cr App R 318 at 328) and in Singapore (Kadar at [51]–[53]), as
it permits the exclusion of evidence having an “adverse effect on the fairness
of the proceedings”, the present case does seem to fall outside the ambit of a
breach of procedure or impropriety such that the admission of the Report into
evidence may be unfair to the Appellant as a matter of process.

73 This does not mean, however, that it would always be permissible for
evidence voluntarily provided by a complainant to the police to be used
subsequently against him in an unrelated criminal proceeding. It seems to me
that this should be subject at least to the constraint that the evidence
should have been reasonably obtained in respect of the initial suspected
offence. Thus, where a complainant assists in investigations by, for example,
handing over his phone, it would be reasonable for him to expect that the
phone would be examined to the extent necessary for the offence complained of,
and the evidence obtained from that investigation could be subsequently used
against him in an unrelated criminal proceeding. That limitation does not
arise here, since the Appellant’s blood and urine samples were obtained in
relation to a suspected sexual offence against her, and would have been
expected to be material evidence in relation to the alleged offence.
Furthermore, it could certainly be the case that the court’s exclusionary
discretion may still operate, where such evidence has more prejudicial effect
than probative value. Again, however, that does not arise here since the
Report was, as discussed, highly probative, with limited prejudicial effect.

(5) A right to privacy or confidentiality relating to information from one’s
body

74 I was concerned that there should be some privilege or right recognised
protecting confidentiality or privacy concerning information from one’s own
body. I have some sympathy for the concern that there should be some limits on
the use of information relating to one’s own body. That is why there are often
statutory controls imposed on the taking of samples, such as the taking of
blood, urine or alcohol samples. It is intrusive. Furthermore, the use of such
intrusive information voluntarily given by a person for another purpose would
on the face of it raise, at least at first blush, concerns about fairness and
breach of confidence. There may be an expectation that disclosure is to be
used only for the purpose the information was given for. Whether that
expectation should be protected or vindicated is, of course, another matter.

75 On the other hand, there is, of course, no express statement of any such
right, either in the Constitution or the relevant criminal law statutes. There
will, to my mind, be substantial factors militating against the recognition of
any common law right or privilege, especially given the position I have
reached above in respect of the court’s discretion to exclude. At the same
time, while it is well established that personal or private information is
protected by the law of confidence (see, eg, X v Y and others [1988] 2 All ER
648), such information is nevertheless not protected where there is a
reasonable suspicion that it relates to crimes, frauds or misdeeds, or
misconduct of such a nature that ought in the public interest be disclosed to
others (Malone v Metropolitan Police Commissioner [1979] Ch 344 at 377;
Initial Services Ltd v Putterill and another [1968] 1 QB 396 at 405). Even if
the related tort of misuse of private information were to be recognised here
(see, eg, ZXC v Bloomberg LP [2022] 2 WLR 424, where the UK Supreme Court
found that a person under criminal investigation who had not been charged with
a criminal offence had a reasonable expectation of privacy in respect of
information relating to that investigation), it is recognised that the
prevention and detection of crime and fraud would be a countervailing public
interest (Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, Report on Civil
Liability for Misuse of Private Information (December 2020) at para 2.26); and
the latter would likely prevail in the circumstances. Additionally, the
absence of even any nascent protection for the privilege against self-
incrimination in our jurisprudence is a strong pointer against the development
of such common law rights or protection. And for many of the same reasons that
the court’s exclusionary discretion should not be exercised against the
admission of the Report, I do not see that there is any scope for the
development of any such right or privilege.

Effect on the case as a whole if the Report were excluded from consideration

76 I am satisfied that, in any event, any exclusion of the Report from
consideration would not affect the correctness of the Appellant’s conviction.

77 This is because apart from the Report, a medical report from Everhealth
Medical Centre showed that the Appellant had prescriptions for zolpidem
(“Stilnox”), alprazolam (“Xanax”) and diazepam at the time of the offences. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

P21 (ROP, pp 731 and 732).

As mentioned at [16] above, an empty slab of zolpidem (“Stilnox”), a slab of
chlorpheniramine (“Piriton”), a handkerchief with traces of diazepam and milk
bottle with traces of zolpidem were also found in her home. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Agreed Statement of Facts, para 4 (ROP, p 14).

In her fourth statement to the police dated 30 July 2018, she had furthermore
explained why she had (dextro)methorphan, (pseudo)ephedrine, orphenadrine, as
well as zolpidem, chlorpheniramine, alprazolam and diazepam. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

P72, Answers to Questions 6, 9, 10 and 11 (ROP, p 1134).

She ventured suggestions that while she could not remember how she was
prescribed with triprolidine and ephedrine, they may have been prescribed to
her while she was in Changi General Hospital. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

P72, Answers to Questions 7 and 8 (ROP, p 1134).

These account for all the substances that were found in the Victims and that
are subject of the Charges (including the metabolites of the said drugs). Dr
Looi also stated that in 2016, he must have brought chlorpheniramine and
orphenadrine to the Appellant’s home. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 87 line 25 to line 29 (ROP, p 367).

At the same time, parties agreed that (pseudo)ephedrine and/or ephedrine,
(dextro)methorphan and triprolidine are available over the counter. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Agreed Statement of Facts, para 6 (ROP, p 14).

Evidence apart from the Report therefore amply supports the Judge’s finding
that the Appellant had access to the drugs.

Timing of the symptoms exhibited by the Victims

78 The Appellant argues that the two analysts from the HSA who were involved
in preparing the toxicology reports in respect of the Victims were unable to
say, based on those results, when the drugs were administered to the Victims.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Notes of Evidence, 20 February 2020, p 8 line 18 to line 25; p 19 line 3 to
line 20 (ROP, pp 222 and 233); Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, paras 63 to 65.

The Appellant submits that BB1’s family members had also testified that BB1
was drowsy even when the Appellant did not babysit her (as noted at [30]
above). Furthermore, she argues that Dr Low Eu Hong (“Dr Low”), who had
attended to BB1 when she was admitted to PEH on 9 December 2016, had found
that the symptoms exhibited by BB1 that he observed were not due to drug
poisoning, but hypoglycaemia; and that the Judge erred in not considering this
fact. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 79.

Additionally, Dr Tan and Dr Koh had testified that certain of the drugs, such
as diazepam, would have an observable effect within minutes of being
administered, with Dr Koh testifying that the effects would generally be the
most pronounced at the start of the administration. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 33 line 26 to line 32; p 51 line 14 to
p 52 line 12 (ROP, p 313 and 331 to 332).

All this points away from the Appellant having administered the drugs to the
Victims, particularly given the reluctance of M1 to bring BB1 to the hospital
on 9 December 2016, and the gap in time of over ten hours between the time F2
collected BB2 and the time she was sent to the hospital. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions, paras 78 and 123.

79 However, I agree with the Prosecution that while the scientific evidence
could not indicate the precise time at which the drugs were administered to
the Victims, the evidence of the Victims’ symptoms as observed by the Victims’
family members as well as the doctors who examined them supported the Judge’s
finding that these symptoms were attributable to them being drugged while in
the Appellant’s care.

80 In relation to BB1, M1 had testified that upon picking her up sometime
between 6pm and 6.30pm on 9 December 2016, she observed that BB1’s eyes were
swollen and she was “really drowsy” and “not really responding”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Notes of Evidence, 18 February 2020, p 40 line 9 to line 20 (ROP, p 78).

BB1’s maternal grandmother, who saw BB1 at around 7pm that day, similarly
observed that she was “not her usual … self” and her head was moving from side
to side. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 25 line 14 to line 22 (ROP, p 154).

Dr Low, who subsequently saw BB1 at about 8pm that day, testified that BB1 was
“very drowsy, very dazed and very floppy”, and it struck him that BB1 had been
intoxicated by alcohol or sedatives from certain drugs. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 50 line 13 to line 18 (ROP, p 179).

81 The Appellant’s assertion of an error on the Judge’s part of insufficiently
considering Dr Low’s evidence is also unfounded. Dr Low had stated in the
medical memo (at [10] above) that there was “drug overdose/toxicity to
alprazolam, dextromethorphan, pseudoephedrine and zolpidem” as well as
“hypoglycema”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

P10, Memo by Dr Low Eu Hong dated 16 February 2017 (ROP, p 704).

He testified that the former diagnosis was based on the confirmation that BB1
had toxicity to all the four drugs mentioned, and that the latter diagnosis
was likely due to the first, in that since BB1 had been very sleepy and
drowsy, she probably could not be fed properly and therefore had low blood
sugar. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 54 line 26 to p 55 line 13 (ROP, pp 183
to 184).

There was therefore no error by the Judge in his appreciation of Dr Low’s
evidence: the upshot of his evidence was that the two conditions were likely
linked and based on an administration of drugs to BB1.

82 As for BB2, F2 had testified that she was sleeping when he picked her up
between 6.30am and 7.20am that day. BB2’s parents testified that upon waking
up while at home, BB2 was “very drowsy” and could not walk or stand. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Notes of Evidence, 20 February 2020, p 30 line 2 to line 11 (ROP, p 245);
Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 63 line 29 to page 64 line 15 (ROP, pp
343 to 344).

This was the case over the course of the day, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Notes of Evidence, 20 February 2020, p 53 line 16 to line 29 (ROP, p 267).

and she was eventually brought to KKH around 5pm. A medical report from KKH
stated that according to her parents, BB2 had rolled off her floor mattress
onto the ground three to four times and was drowsy even after waking up, and
not wanting to feed or drink as usual. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

P14, Medical Report from KKH dated 4 April 2017 (ROP, p 716).

The Appellant argues that the Judge did not appreciate however that the same
medical report provides that BB2’s parents were not too concerned initially
after picking her up from the Appellant’s home, “as she was still able to play
and interact normally”. This, she argues, suggests that the severity of BB2’s
symptoms were not as serious as attested to by BB2’s parents. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Appellant’s skeletal submissions, paras 122 and 123; 149.

Yet, that account does not entirely detract from the thrust of BB2’s symptoms
after she was picked up from the Appellant’s home, according to her parents
(as recorded in the medical report) and at trial. That medical report states
that BB2’s parents brought her to KKH “in view of her drowsiness and
lethargy”.

83 Furthermore, BB2’s symptoms when examined at KKH (at [13] above) were
consistent with the drugs eventually found in her body. Dr Koh opined that an
acute overdose of benzodiazepines (or sleeping pills) such as alprazolam,
diazepam, oxazepam and temazepam could result in somnolence, impaired
coordination, confusion and diminished reflexes, which were seen in BB2; and
the main adverse reactions in an acute overdose of chlorpheniramine, an anti-
histamine, included drowsiness and fatigue, which was also seen in BB2. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

P16, Medical Report from KKH dated 4 February 2019 (ROP, p 721).

She noted, however, that the main adverse reactions from an acute overdose of
ephedrine were not seen in BB2 although, as noted at [14] above, that
substance was detected in her urine sample which was taken from her two days
after she was admitted to KKH.

84 The timing at which the Victims were said to have exhibited these symptoms
are also consistent with the evidence of Dr Low, who stated that some of the
drugs could be short acting and others long acting, but that the effects would
by and large persist for six to eight hours, or even longer, depending on the
dosage. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 58 line 17 to line 32 (ROP, p 187).

Dr Tan and Dr Koh similarly testified that the various drugs would have
different effects as regards their onset and duration of action. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 33 line 29 to p 34 line 8; p 50 line 19
to p 51 line 13 (ROP, pp 313 to 314; 330 to 331).

Accordingly, I am satisfied that the Judge did not err in finding that the
timing of the symptoms exhibited by the Victims supported his conclusion that
the Appellant had fed the drugs to the Victims.

Consideration of other possible suspects

85 In my view, the Judge did not err in finding that it was the Appellant, and
not other suspects, who had poisoned the Victims. In relation to BB1, the
Judge had considered that possible suspects other than the Appellant were the
mother, grandmothers and the paternal aunt of BB1. However, the maternal
grandmother and paternal aunt of BB1 testified that they did not feed BB1 any
drugs in 2016. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 26 line 26 to line 27; p 33 line 21 to
line 32 (ROP, p 155; 162).

Their evidence was not challenged in cross-examination by the Defence.
Furthermore, as mentioned above (at [22]), the Judge considered the evidence
of the paternal grandmother of BB1, who testified that as a senior assistant
nurse, she did not give patients their medication, as only registered nurses
were allowed to do so. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 6 line 9 to line 10; p 18 line 13 (ROP,
p 286; p 298).

She stated that she also did not have access to medication in TTSH, where she
worked, and was familiar with only some of the drugs that were found in BB1’s
body. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 6 line 11 to p 7 line 2 (ROP, pp 286 to
287).

She testified that she had not administered such drugs to BB1, as any
medication would be administered to BB1 by M1. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 7 line 3 to line 14 (ROP, p 287).

At the same time, the Defence did not suggest at trial or on appeal that M1
could have administered the drugs to her. In my view, there was no basis to
depart from the Judge’s findings that these other possible suspects had not
administered the drugs to BB1.

86 In relation to BB2, the Appellant submits that the Judge erred in
dismissing as “fanciful” her suggestion that BB2’s parents could have
administered the drugs to BB2. She argued that F2 had a prescription for
diazepam on 20 December 2016, although he had testified that there was no
medication in the house at the material time. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, paras 141 to 143.

Furthermore, both parents had been awake the previous night, having been at a
countdown party, and it was possible that they had fed BB2 diazepam so they
could get some rest. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, paras 156 to 160.

However, apart from the fact that this was not put to either witnesses in
court, investigations did not show that F2 or M2 were prescribed with any of
the other drugs (save for diazepam in respect of F2) which were found in BB2’s
body at the time. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

P48, Summary of screening results prepared by SIO Muhammad Rafi Bin Ishak
(ROP, pp 936 to 939).

The Judge therefore did not err in considering that any evidence pointing
towards them as the perpetrators was insufficient to found any reasonable
doubt that the Appellant had not committed the offences.

87 Additionally, I disagree with the Appellant’s contention that she was
strongly prejudiced as a result of the focus of investigations allegedly being
on herself as the primary suspect, and that the Judge erred in failing to
consider this. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, paras 43 to 48.

The police did not search any other homes than that of the Appellant, and had
considered her the only suspect initially. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 75 line 16 to line 18; p 77 line 4 to
line 7 (ROP, pp 204 and 206).

However, this was based on the information received. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 77 line 2 to line 3 (ROP, p 206).

F2 had called the police on 27 December 2016 at about 9.48pm, reporting that
his daughter had been sent to a nanny, was drowsy when he had collected her,
and had been admitted to hospital. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

P1, First Information Report dated 27 December 2016 (ROP, p 675).

He also reported that the nanny had slammed the door when he went to speak
with her. As part of following up on the case, the police went to the
Appellant’s house on 29 December 2016, whereupon the items mentioned above (at
[16]) were seized. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

P3, Arrest and Seizure Report dated 29 December 2016 (ROP, pp 678 to 681).

The police also interviewed other witnesses relevant to the investigation,
including the parents of BB2, as well as Dr Looi and the Appellant’s two
daughters. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 66 line 17 to line 24 (ROP, p 195).

The investigating officer of the case from June 2018 also conducted screenings
of the family members of the Victims to ascertain whether they were prescribed
any drugs in the subject offences, in the period from September to December
2016. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Notes of Evidence, 14 July 2020, p 9 line 12 to line 32 (ROP, p 384).

He therefore made inquiries with all the government hospitals, polyclinics, as
well as private clinics that the family members stated they went to. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Notes of Evidence, 14 July 2020, p 19 line 4 to line 10 (ROP, p 385).

The Appellant presently argues that the family members of the Victims could
have somehow obtained these drugs from other sources without informing the
police, and that it is prejudicial to her case that none of the Victims’ homes
were searched in a timely manner. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, paras 55 to 61.

However, while the former suggestion is remotely possible, I consider that the
Judge was justified in nevertheless drawing an irresistible inference that the
Appellant committed the offences partly based on the evidence that was found
concerning her, and the numerous inconsistencies surrounding her accounts for
that evidence.

88 In other words, although the Appellant has not contested this, it is clear
that the Judge was fully justified in assessing her credibility as lacking,
and rejecting her evidence that she had not administered the drugs that were
found in the Victims. Amongst other inconsistencies, her prescription records
from Everhealth Medical Centre and her evidence on the stand regarding her
familiarity with the drugs contradicted her Case for the Defence, where she
stated that of the drugs found in the babies, she was familiar with alprazolam
and zolpidem, but her prescription for the former only started in 2018 and she
had never been prescribed or had taken diazepam from 2016. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

P71, Case for the Defence, para 14 (ROP, p 1128).

Her oral testimony also contradicted her statements to the police. For
example, she had on the stand denied having (dextro)methorphan in her home,
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Notes of Evidence, 14 July 2020, p 52 line 32 to p 53 line 4 (ROP, pp 427 to
428).

even though she addressed why she had them in her fourth statement to the
police. She also testified that she was not familiar with (pseudo)ephedrine
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Notes of Evidence, 14 July 2020, p 59 line 11 to line 15 (ROP, p 434).

but had stated in that police statement that this had been prescribed to her
as a medication for sore throat. Furthermore, as observed by the Judge, she
had stated on two occasions to the police that she had been instructed by M1
to give BB1 “Piriton”, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

P74, Answer to Question 11; P75, Answer to Question 4 (ROP, pp 1149 and 1151).

and could only say, when questioned on the inconsistency with her oral
evidence that she had not given them any medication, that she had been
“provoked by the police”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Notes of Evidence, 14 July 2020, p 52 line 26 to line 28; 15 July 2020, p 64
line 19 to line 31 (ROP, pp 520 to 521).

I also agree with the Judge that her explanation in cross-examination for the
milk bottle with traces of zolpidem found in her home – that she had placed
her own medicine in there as she urgently needed to go to the toilet – was
“incredible” and an “afterthought”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

GD, [47]; Notes of Evidence, 16 July 2020, p 8 line 20 to line 32 (ROP, p
599).

It was, as he noted, a different explanation from that earlier provided in her
examination-in-chief, which was that on the last occasion on which she babysat
BB1, she had thought that BB1’s milk bottle was missing. She then asked her
daughter to buy one, but later discovered BB1’s milk bottle in her stroller.
As she did not want to upset her daughter, she poured the contents of BB1’s
milk bottle (containing milk prepared by M1) into the new bottle. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Notes of Evidence, 14 July 2020, p 26 line 12 to line 13; p 35 line 15 to line
27 (ROP, pp 401 and 410).

Assessment of the evidence against the Appellant

89 The incontrovertible and undisputed evidence was that the babies in
question were indeed poisoned, that is, they had drugs or foreign substances
in their body. There was no question either that these substances were not
meant to be there: none of these were of the sort that would be administered
normally to such babies, nor would they have ingested them on their own. It
must thus be inferred that someone must have made them ingest the drugs or
poison.

90 With that as the starting point, the factual assessment must then turn to
the determination of who had the opportunity and means to do so. The motive of
the Appellant in doing so is not disclosed by the evidence, but that does not
raise any reasonable doubt. The absence of a definitive motive does not
undermine the strength of the evidence against her: many reasons or possibly
no real reason could have underlain what she did. What her objective was in
doing so would be known truly only to her. As examined above, no one else
would reasonably have been able to commit the acts. The contrary version, that
someone else could have committed the acts, was neither realistic nor
reasonable. In particular, the access to drugs on the part of other possible
suspects was not anywhere close to the same degree as the Appellant’s. While
all of this was circumstantial, the cumulative effect of the evidence against
her meant that there was an irresistible inference that she had indeed
committed the offences with which she was charged. To recapitulate, the
Appellant had:

(a) The opportunity to commit the offences, while the babies were in her care;

(b) She had access to all of the drugs, found in the babies, since as shown by
the Report, she had consumed the same medication herself. Furthermore, several
of the drugs or items with traces of the same were found in her home around
the time of the offences;

(c) No one else would have had the opportunity or access to all the drugs to
cause the babies to ingest them; and

(d) The babies did ingest the drugs, and no other explanation is plausible
except that someone else caused them to do so.

Furthermore, as noted above, even without the Report, there was sufficient
evidence to lead to the irresistible inference that she committed the
offences. The burden on the prosecution was to prove beyond a reasonable
doubt, not beyond all doubt or any shadow of a doubt.

91 In sum, I am satisfied that the Judge did not err in convicting the
Appellant on the Charges.

My decision on the appeal against sentence

92 While the Appellant did not cite any ground for her appeal against
sentence, I do not, in any event, see any reason to disturb the sentences
meted out by the Judge. The offence under s 328 of the Penal Code is a serious
one which carries a mandatory imprisonment sentence which may extend to ten
years (Public Prosecutor v Tan Kok Leong [2016] SGDC 327 at [55]; Public
Prosecutor v Ng Bee Ling Lana [1992] 1 SLR(R) 448 at [15]). The Judge had
justifiably taken into account factors such as the young age of the Victims,
which meant that they were wholly dependent on the Appellant while in her
care; and the nature of the drugs administered, which placed the lives of the
Victims at risk. For example, the evidence of Dr Low was that he would not
have prescribed the subject drugs to children under six months of age, and
would only administer small doses for those from six months to two years of
age. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Notes of Evidence, 19 February 2020, p 57 line 14 to line 26 (ROP, p 186).

Dr Koh furthermore testified that benzodiazepines would not be safe to consume
without a prescription from a doctor, due to possible side effects. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 55 line 3 to line 8 (ROP, p 335).

Dr Tan testified that the general concern with administering sedating
medication to children under one year old was that this could affect their
breathing. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 35 line 32 to p 36 line 7 (ROP, pp 315
to 316).

Multiple sedating agents would generally not be prescribed at the same time
because of this as well as potential blood pressure and heart rate problems.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Notes of Evidence, 27 February 2020, p 37 line 23 to p 38 line 2 (ROP, pp 317
to 318).

93 A number of other reasons point to a sufficiently heavy sentence. The
Appellant was in a position of trust, with the parents having placed their
young children in her care, expecting her to look after their safety and
health. Instead, she betrayed the parents and those in her care, and
endangered the health of the babies. Her culpability was substantial. In
comparison, nothing weighty was raised in the mitigation below.

94 The sentence of three and a half years’ imprisonment in relation to each
offence is also in line with that imposed in cases of a s 328 offence
involving vulnerable victims (see, eg, Public Prosecutor v Titin Agustiana DAC
43422/09 (“Titin Agustiana”) (three years’ imprisonment) and Public Prosecutor
v Dewi Supriyatin DAC 31293/05 (four years’ imprisonment), cited in Public
Prosecutor v Fong Quay Sim [2010] SGDC 224 at [10]; and Public Prosecutor v
Annisa DAC 932279/2014). I am not convinced that the distinction previously
drawn by the Appellant between those cases and the present case – that they
largely involved acts of domestic workers taking revenge on their employers or
employers’ families, and substances which should not be consumed under any
circumstances – would have been sufficient to warrant departing from these
sentencing precedents. The domestic workers in these cases had pleaded guilty
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents (ROP, pp 1335 to 1336).

and would have been given a sentencing discount on that basis. Furthermore,
the two-month-old twin victims in Titin Agustiana, to whom the accused had
attempted to feed milk powder mixed with laundry detergent, did not actually
ingest the tainted powder. As against this, the medical evidence was that the
drugs which were administered by the Appellant to the Victims could have
endangered their lives, as discussed above. There is accordingly no reason to
disturb the sentence on any basis that it was, inter alia, wrong in principle
or manifestly excessive (Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [12]).

Conclusion

95 For the reasons set out above, I dismiss the appeal in its entirety.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court |   
---|---  
  
Chua Eng Hui, Luo Ling Ling, Sharifah Nabilah Binte Syed Omar and Noor Heeqmah
Binte Wahianuar (Luo Ling Ling LLC) for the appellant;  
Wong Woon Kwong, Seah Ee Wei and Benedict Teong (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 29 Jul 2022 (08:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

