Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 45

Suit No 129 of 2019

Between

| Acute Result Holdings Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (formerly known as CIMB Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trusts — Resulting trusts — Whether an equitable mortgagee or equitable
chargee is a trustee]

[Tort — Negligence — Duty of Care]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Acute Result Holdings Ltd

  
v

  

CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (formerly known as CIMB Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd)

[2022] SGHC 45

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 129 of 2019  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
13–17, 21–24, 27–30 July, 17, 19 November 2020

28 February 2022 Judgment reserved.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

1 In 2017, the plaintiff transferred two tranches of shares into brokerage
accounts with the defendant. The defendant then carried out certain
transactions with the shares on the instructions of one of the defendant’s
customers. The plaintiff has established in separate legal proceedings in
another jurisdiction that the defendant’s customer thereby misappropriated the
shares. The customer has been unable to return the vast majority of the
misappropriated shares to the plaintiff or to compensate the plaintiff for the
loss of the shares. The plaintiff now brings this action against the defendant
seeking compensation for its loss.

2 The first tranche of shares comprised 57.08m shares. The plaintiff
transferred these shares into a brokerage account with the defendant in the
defendant’s customer’s name. The plaintiff’s case is that the customer
therefore held these shares on a resulting trust or an express trust for the
plaintiff and thereafter misappropriated the shares in breach of that trust.
The plaintiff seeks to hold the defendant liable for the customer’s
misappropriation: (a) in equity for knowing receipt of the shares 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 3 April 2020 (“SOC A2”) paras 33 to
37.

or dishonestly assisting the customer in misappropriating the shares; 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC A2 paras 39 to 42.

or (b) in tort for breaching a duty of care which the defendant owed to the
plaintiff in receiving the shares. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC A2 paras 42A to 42B.

One of the customer’s acts of misappropriation was selling 30m of these shares
to the defendant. The plaintiff therefore advances in the alternative a
proprietary claim against the defendant alleging that the defendant received
these 30m shares from its customer as a constructive trustee for the
plaintiff. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 19 Nov 2020, p53 line 6 to p54 line 10.

3 The second tranche of shares comprised 21m shares. The plaintiff transferred
these shares into a brokerage account with the defendant in the plaintiff’s
own name. The defendant then transferred the shares out of the plaintiff’s
account on the instructions of the defendant’s customer. The plaintiff’s case
is that the customer at no time had any authority to instruct the defendant to
carry out those transfers. The plaintiff seeks to hold the defendant liable to
the plaintiff for the loss of these shares because: (a) the defendant
transferred the shares out of the plaintiff’s account in breach of contract,
ie on the customer’s instructions and without the plaintiff’s authority; or
(b) the defendant breached a duty which it owed to the plaintiff concurrently
in contract and in tort to act with reasonable care and diligence in operating
the plaintiff’s account. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC A2 paras 52A to 54; paras 58 to 61.

4 The plaintiff accordingly seeks the following relief against the defendant:
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC A2 at p 29; SDB at p 188.

(a) an order declaring that the defendant holds the 78.08m shares on trust for
the plaintiff and obliging the defendant to transfer the shares to the
plaintiff;

(b) alternatively, an order that the defendant account for the 78.08m shares
as a constructive trustee either on the ground of knowing receipt or on the
ground of dishonest assistance;

(c) further or in the alternative, an order that the defendant account to the
plaintiff for all profits it has earned attributable to the 78.08m shares; and

(d) further or in the alternative, an order that the defendant pay to the
plaintiff damages at common law or compensation in equity for its losses.

5 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I now dismiss
the plaintiff’s action in its entirety. These are the grounds for my decision.

The parties

6 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NSK para 4.

It is the beneficial owner of just over 36% of the shares in a company known
as Cabbeen Fashion Limited (“Cabbeen”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NSK para 5.

Cabbeen is a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. It has its principal
place of business in Hong Kong. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NSK p 262.

Shares in Cabbeen are listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. The 78.08m shares which the defendant’s customer misappropriated are
shares in Cabbeen.

7 As at 1 January 2018, Cabbeen’s share capital comprised just over 667.3m
issued and paid up shares. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NSK p 179.

The 78.08m shares which form the subject matter of this action amounted to
almost 12% of the shares in Cabbeen and almost one third of the shares in
Cabbeen which the plaintiff owned. From November 2016 to July 2017, Cabbeen’s
shares traded at prices ranging between HK$2.05 and HK$2.15. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NSK para 140, p 1791; JP at “JP-2”, expert report para 66.

The 78.08m shares were therefore worth at that time about HK$164m or about
$28m. Out of those 78.08m shares, the plaintiff has recovered only 2.26m
shares worth about HK$4.7m or $0.82m. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NSK para 182.

8 The plaintiff’s sole director and shareholder is Mr Yang Ziming (“Mr Yang”).
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NSK p106.

Mr Yang is Cabbeen’s founder, one of its directors and the chairman of its
board. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NSK para 6; p 244 and 255.

Mr Yang is a resident of Hong Kong. He has a beneficial interest in 64.9% of
Cabbeen’s shares, which he holds through three corporate vehicles. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NSK p 279.

One of those vehicles is the plaintiff. As such, Cabbeen’s annual reports
identify Mr Yang as Cabbeen’s ultimate controlling party. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NSK p 389.

9 Mr Yang delegates the day-to-day management of the plaintiff to Mr Ng Siu
Keung (“Mr Ng”). Mr Ng is an executive director of Cabbeen and was its chief
executive officer from July 2011 to 12 March 2020. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NSK para 6.

Mr Ng is a resident of Hong Kong.

10 The defendant is a duly licensed broker of shares and other financial
products, including contracts for differences (“CFDs”). The defendant is
incorporated in Singapore and carries on business in Singapore. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC A2 para 3.

11 The defendant’s customer who has been found to have misappropriated 78.08m
shares is a company called Lioncap Global Management Limited (“Lioncap
Global”). Lioncap Global is affiliated to a company called Lioncap Asia
Limited (“Lioncap Asia”). Both Lioncap Global and Lioncap Asia participated in
the misappropriation of the plaintiff’s shares. Both are now defunct. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NSK para 11.

They were incorporated in Hong Kong and had their principal place of business
there. Although the two companies are affiliated, it is not necessary for
present purposes to determine the nature of their affiliation or even to
distinguish between them. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE, 13 July 2020, lines to 7.

I shall therefore use the term “Lioncap” from time to time to refer to both
companies collectively.

12 The discussions between the plaintiff and Lioncap and the true nature of
their wider dealings are inextricably intertwined with the plaintiff’s case
against the defendant in this action. But Lioncap is not a party to this
action. And no witness from Lioncap gave evidence at trial to corroborate the
plaintiff’s account of their discussions and dealings. The defendant was not a
party to those discussions and dealings and is therefore not in any position
to challenge that account with positive evidence of its own. The defendant
therefore makes the point, quite fairly, that the only evidence I have before
me of these discussions and dealings is the plaintiff’s own self-serving
account. But in the absence of any contrary oral evidence, I must proceed on
the basis that the plaintiff’s account is true save insofar as it is
inconsistent with the independent evidence before me or the inherent
probabilities.

13 On that basis, the plaintiff’s dealings with Lioncap were those of a debtor
and a secured creditor. In November 2016, Lioncap Asia extended a loan
facility to the plaintiff. As security for that facility, also in November
2016, the plaintiff created a security interest in the first tranche of 57.08m
shares in favour of Lioncap Global. In July 2017, in the context of ongoing
negotiations for a further loan facility from Lioncap Asia, the plaintiff
transferred the second tranche of 21m shares to the plaintiff’s account with
the defendant as a sign of goodwill.

14 I shall analyse and determine the plaintiff’s case against the defendant on
each of the two tranches in turn. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC A4 para 4.

The first tranche of 57.08m shares

The facts

The loan facility agreement and the security agreements

15 In November 2016, the plaintiff entered a suite of interrelated agreements
with Lioncap:

(a) A loan facility agreement 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NSK p 623.

and an addendum 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NSK p 649.

to it under which Lioncap Asia extended a HK$120m loan facility to the
plaintiff. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC A2 para 5; Core Bundle vol 1 (“1CB”) at p 93.

(b) Two security agreements 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NSK p 652.

and two supplementary agreements by which the plaintiff created a security
interest in 130m Cabbeen shares in favour of Lioncap Global as security for:
(i) the HK$120m loan facility which Lioncap Asia had extended to the
plaintiff; and (ii) a HK$2m loan facility which Lioncap Asia had separately
and earlier extended to an associate of Mr Yang. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CB 69, 89, 19 and 49.

16 The following three provisions of the security agreements are relevant for
present purposes: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NSK p 652.

(a) Clause 2.01 created in favour of Lioncap Global “a first legal charge” in
the shares upon completion;

(b) Clause 3.01 of the security agreements obliged the plaintiff, by way of
completion, to deliver the 130m shares either to Lioncap Global or to a
brokerage account designated by Lioncap Global; and

(c) Clause 2.05 provided that Lioncap Global would acquire “all the legal
beneficial titles and interests” in the shares upon, amongst other things, an
event of default under the loan facility agreement.

17 This suite of interrelated agreements is expressly governed by Hong Kong
law. Furthermore, the laws of several other jurisdictions are potentially
engaged. The plaintiff is a Cayman company. Cabbeen is a BVI company. The
instruction letters by which the plaintiff transferred the 57.08m shares to
Lioncap Global’s account with the defendant are governed by Indonesian law. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB 1353.

But neither party called any expert evidence on any foreign law at trial. The
parties are therefore content to have this action determined on the basis that
all of these foreign laws are identical in all material respects to Singapore
law. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS para 77.

I therefore do not refer to or apply any law other than Singapore law in the
remainder of this judgment.

The plaintiff transfers the shares out of its brokerage account in Hong Kong

18 In November 2016, pursuant to cl 3.01 of the security agreements, Lioncap
Global directed the plaintiff to open a dedicated brokerage account with PT
CIMB Securities Indonesia (“CIMB Indonesia”) in the plaintiff’s own name and
to transfer the 130m shares into this account. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NSK para 21; NE 13.07.2020 p 81:17-82:9

CIMB Indonesia is a member of the same group of companies as the defendant but
is a separate legal entity incorporated and carrying on business as a
brokerage in Indonesia. CIMB Indonesia is not a party to this or any other
action by the plaintiff.

19 In December 2016, as directed, the plaintiff opened the dedicated brokerage
account with CIMB Indonesia. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NSK para 21.

At that time, the plaintiff held its Cabbeen shares in a brokerage account
with China Merchant Securities (HK) Co Ltd (“CMS”), a brokerage in Hong Kong.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NSK para 4.

In January and February 2017, the plaintiff transferred 144m shares from its
account with CMS into its account with CIMB Indonesia. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NSK paras 30 to 32; SOC A2 paras 11 to 12; 8 AB 4517.

The plaintiff thereby appropriated these shares to Lioncap Global’s security.
It is not clear why the plaintiff transferred 144m shares instead of 130m as
envisaged by the security agreements. The discrepancy is ultimately
immaterial.

The instruction letters

20 Lioncap Asia failed to advance any part of the HK$120m loan facility to the
plaintiff as it was obliged to under the loan facility agreement. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NSK para 33; 6 AB 3312.

It appears that Lioncap Asia had difficulty raising funds to lend the
plaintiff.

(1) The plaintiff rejects a draft instruction letter

21 In February 2017, Lioncap Global presented to the plaintiff a draft letter
of instructions. Lioncap Global asked the plaintiff to sign the draft and
issue it to CIMB Indonesia. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NSK para 40; p 850.

The draft informed CIMB Indonesia: (a) that Lioncap Global had an intention to
borrow the 144m shares; and (b) that the plaintiff irrevocably instructed CIMB
Indonesia to transfer the 144m shares from the plaintiff’s account with CIMB
Indonesia to Lioncap Global’s account with the defendant. The draft included
language (italicised below) asserting that the shares would not thereby be
owned by Lioncap Global: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NSK p 876.

Dear Sir/Madam,

We refer to the request of Lioncap Global Management Limited as the Plegdee
[sic] in relation to the Facility Agreement in the amount of HK$120,000,00
from Lioncap Asia Limited as set forth in the following documents:

l. Loan Facility Agreement …;

2\. Share Pledge Agreement …:

3\. Power of Attorney …;

whereby Lioncap Global Management Limited has an intention to borrow shares
owned by Acute Result Holdings Limited for the avoidance of doubt not to be
owned by Lioncap Global Management Limited) [sic] with the following details:

…

In accordance to the above-mentioned, we hereby irrevocably instruct you:

1\. To transfer the Shares borrowed by Lioncap Global Management Limited to
the account with the following details:

Acc. Number : …

Beneficiary : Lioncap Global Management Limited

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis in italics added]

22 Lioncap Global’s request caused concern to the plaintiff for two reasons.
First, Lioncap Global had never before mentioned any need for any such
transfer. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NSK para 41.

Second, the wording of the letter did not adequately protect the plaintiff’s
ownership of the shares. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

YZ para 27; NSK para 45.

23 In order to protect the plaintiff’s ownership, the plaintiff instructed its
solicitor to propose amendments to the draft. She suggested several
amendments. Only one of those amendments is material. That amendment was the
express proviso italicised below, stipulating that “the legal and beneficial
ownership of the shares” was to remain with the plaintiff: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NSK para 54; p 876.

Dear Sir/Madam

We refer to the request of Lioncap Global Management Limited as the Plegdee
Pledgee in relation to the Facility Agreement in the amount of HK$120,000,000
from Lioncap Asia Limited as set forth in the following documents:

l. Loan Facility Agreement …;

2\. Share Pledge Agreement …:

3\. Power of Attorney …;

whereby Lioncap Global Management Limited has an intention to borrow shares
from you which are owned by Acute Result Holdings Limited for the avoidance of
doubt not to be owned by Lioncap Global Management Limited) with the following
details:

…

In accordance to the above-mentioned, we hereby irrevocably instruct do not
object you:

1\. To transfer lend the Shares borrowed by to Lioncap Global Management
Limited to the account with the following details however the legal and
beneficial ownership of the Shares remain with us:

Acc. Number : …

Beneficiary : Lioncap Global Management Limited

[emphasis in original omitted; amendments indicated by double strikethrough
and double underlining; emphasis in italics added]

24 Lioncap Global rejected some of the plaintiff’s proposed amendments but did
not reject the proviso. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NSK para 55.

Lioncap Global instead proposed further amendments to the draft, apparently
originating from CIMB Indonesia. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NSK para 58.

Among other things, these amendments reinstated the language framing the
letter as the plaintiff “irrevocably instructing” CIMB Indonesia to carry out
the transfer rather than merely acquiescing to the transfer (“do not object”).

25 In any event, the plaintiff decided that it would not sign the draft, even
with the proviso. It was concerned because a number of months had elapsed
since the plaintiff executed the loan facility agreements and security
agreements and Lioncap Asia had failed to lend any money to the plaintiff.
Further, the plaintiff wanted to reduce the loan quantum and secure the
release of some of the 144m shares held in the plaintiff’s account with CIMB
Indonesia. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NSK para 59.

26 In March 2017, the plaintiff informed Lioncap Global that it would not sign
the draft. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NSK para 59.

As a result, the next day, Lioncap declared an event of default under the
November 2016 agreements. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NSK para 60; 2 AB 941.

The plaintiff denied any default. It asserted that it had fulfilled all of its
contractual obligations to Lioncap and that it was in fact Lioncap Asia who
was in breach of its obligation to lend money to the plaintiff under the loan
facility agreement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NSK paras 62 to 63; 2 AB 945.

27 Later on in March 2017, with Lioncap Global’s consent, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NSK para 34; SOC A2 para 18.

the plaintiff instructed CIMB Indonesia to transfer 30m of the shares back to
its account with CMS. CIMB Indonesia duly carried out the transfer. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NSK para 39.

This left 114m shares in the plaintiff’s account.

(2) The plaintiff and Lioncap Global enter into an addendum

28 On 20 April 2017, the plaintiff’s representatives met Lioncap’s
representatives in an attempt to resolve matters. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NSK para 69.

Lioncap continued to insist that the plaintiff transfer the shares to Lioncap
Global’s account with the defendant. To reassure the plaintiff, Lioncap
represented expressly that the plaintiff would remain the legal and beneficial
owner of the shares even after the transfer and that the shares could not
leave Lioncap Global’s account without instructions from the plaintiff. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NSK para 70(c) and 70(d).

29 The plaintiff and Lioncap reached an agreement at this meeting. As a
result, at the conclusion of this meeting, they executed an addendum. Their
intention was for the addendum to supplement and vary the November 2016
agreements. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NSK para 72; p 910 to 917.

Therefore the addendum contained the following express provisions (a) that the
terms of the addendum amend the November 2016 agreements; (b) the terms of the
addendum are to be treated as if they had been included in the November 2016
agreements; and (c) all other provision of the November 2016 agreements are to
remain in full force and effect. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NSK p 910.

30 The contractual effect of the April 2017 addendum was threefold. First, the
addendum reduced the quantum under the loan facility agreement from HK$120m to
HK$50m. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NSK p 911.

Second, the addendum released 56.92m shares from Lioncap Global’s security
interest as no longer being needed, given the reduced quantum of the loan
facility. Third, and most importantly, the plaintiff undertook an obligation
to transfer 47.08m shares from its account with CIMB Indonesia to Lioncap
Global’s account with the defendant.

31 The plaintiff and Lioncap performed their obligations under the April 2017
addendum immediately upon executing it. Thus, they executed two further
documents together with the addendum. These two documents were attached pro
forma to the addendum.

32 First, the plaintiff signed a letter dated 20 April 2017 addressed to CIMB
Indonesia instructing it to transfer 47.08m shares from the plaintiff’s
account with CIMB Indonesia to Lioncap Global’s account with the defendant. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NSK para 72(b), p 919 to 922; 1CB at p 123, 138.

I shall refer to this letter as the “20 April 2017 instruction letter”.

33 Second, the plaintiff and Lioncap Global signed a joint letter of
instructions also dated 20 April 2017 addressed to CIMB Indonesia instructing
it to transfer 56.92m shares from the plaintiff’s account with CIMB Indonesia
to the plaintiff’s account with CMS. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NSK para 72(c), p 924.

34 The joint letter of instructions is immaterial for present purposes and I
need say no more about it. It suffices to note that, on 24 April 2017, CIMB
Indonesia transferred the 56.92m shares back to the plaintiff’s account with
CMS. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

SOC A2 para 20; 1CB at pp 270 to 273.

This transfer left 57.08m shares in the plaintiff’s account with CIMB
Indonesia. It is these 57.08m shares which Lioncap Global went on to
misappropriate from the plaintiff.

(3) The 20 April 2017 instruction letter

35 The 20 April 2017 instruction letter retained the language asserting that
the shares would not, by reason of the instruction letter, be owned by Lioncap
Global (see [21] above) as well as the proviso inserted by the plaintiff’s
solicitor (see [23] above): 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NSK para 72(b), p 919 to 922; 1CB at p 123, 138.

Dear Sir/Madam,

We refer to the request of LionCap Global Management Limited as the Pledgee in
relation to the Facility Agreement in the amount of HK$50,000,000 from LionCap
Asia Limited as set forth in the following documents:

l. Loan Facility Agreement …;

2\. Share Pledge Agreement …;

3\. Power of Attorney …;

whereby LionCap Global Management Limited has an intention to borrow shares
from you, which are owned by Acute Result Holdings Limited and who will remain
the beneficial owner with the following details:

…

In accordance to the above-mentioned, we hereby do not object:

1\. To lend the Shares borrowed to LionCap Global Management Limited however
the legal and beneficial ownership of the Shares remain with Acute Result
Holdings Limited

Acc. Number : …

Beneficiary : LionCap Global Management Limited

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis in italics added]

36 CIMB Indonesia declined to act on this instruction letter. Its principal
objection was that letter was framed as the plaintiff acquiescing to lending
the 47.08m shares to Lioncap Global rather than irrevocably instructing CIMB
Indonesia to transfer the 47.08m shares to Lioncap Global. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NSK p 920.

CIMB Indonesia, quite understandably, insisted that the plaintiff amend the
letter so that it was –in accordance with CIMB Indonesia’s standard form
instructions for share transfers – framed as the plaintiff’s irrevocable
instructions to CIMB Indonesia to transfer the shares to Lioncap Global.

(4) The first instruction letter

37 By 24 April 2017, the plaintiff and Lioncap Global had resolved their
issues with CIMB Indonesia about the wording of the 20 April 2017 instruction
letter. On that day, the plaintiff issued a revised letter instructing CIMB
Indonesia to transfer 47.08m shares from the plaintiff’s account with CIMB
Indonesia to Lioncap Global’s account with the defendant. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NSK para 82.

I shall refer to this letter as the “first instruction letter”.

38 The first instruction letter was in substantially the same terms as the 20
April instruction letter save that it addressed the principal issue that CIMB
Indonesia had raised. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NSK para 85, p 983; YZ para 43; 1CB 430.

This letter was now framed expressly as the plaintiff’s irrevocable
instructions to CIMB Indonesia to transfer the 47.08m shares to Lioncap
Global. Despite this, the first instruction letter retained the language
asserting that the shares would not, by reason of the transfer, be owned by
Lioncap Global (see [21] above) as well as the proviso inserted by the
plaintiff’s solicitor (see [23] above).

39 The first instruction letter was in the following terms:

Dear Sir/Madam

We refer to the request of Lioncap Global Management Limited as the Pledgee in
relation to the Facility Agreement in the amount of HK$50,000,000 from Lioncap
Asia Limited as set forth in the following documents:

l. Loan Facility Agreement …;

2\. Share Pledge Agreement …:

3\. Power of Attorney …;

whereby Lioncap Global Management Limited has an intention to borrow shares
under the your [sic] custody, which are owned by Acute Result Holdings Limited
and who will remain the beneficial owner of the shares with the following
details:

…

In accordance to the above-mentioned, we hereby irrevocably instruct you:

To transfer the Shares to Lioncap Global Management Limited, however the legal
and beneficial ownership of the Shares remain with Acute Result Holdings
Limited:

Acc. Number : …

Beneficiary : Lioncap Global Management Limited

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis in italics added]

40 On 28 April 2017, pursuant to the first instruction letter, CIMB Indonesia
duly transferred the 47.08m shares to Lioncap Global. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCS para 45.

This transfer left 10m shares in the plaintiff’s account with CIMB Indonesia.

41 On 16 May 2017, Lioncap Asia credited HK$45m, or about $7.8m, to the
plaintiff’s bank account, being the amount drawn down by the plaintiff under
the loan facility agreement. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NSK para 88, pp 995 to 1005.

The loan was to mature in 36 months’ time, on 15 May 2020. In the meantime,
the plaintiff was to pay interest to Lioncap Asia at 6.65% per annum,
quarterly in advance. The plaintiff paid the interest up to November 2018 (see
[52]–[53] below). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

LMP para 88.

(5) The second instruction letter

42 On 18 May 2017, at Lioncap Global’s request, the plaintiff signed and
issued a second instruction letter to CIMB Indonesia. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NSK para 90 to 91.

This letter instructed CIMB Indonesia to transfer the remaining 10m shares in
the plaintiff’s account with CIMB Indonesia to Lioncap Global’s account with
the defendant. The second instruction letter is in terms virtually identical
to the first instruction letter, save that it instructs CIMB Indonesia to
transfer 10m shares instead of 47.08m shares. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NSK p 1153 to 1155.

43 Pursuant to the second instruction letter, CIMB Indonesia duly transferred
10m shares to Lioncap Global on 31 May 2017. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NSK para 95; LBK para 100.

This left zero shares in the plaintiff’s account with CIMB Indonesia and
57.08m shares in Lioncap Global’s account with the defendant.

Lioncap Global instructs the defendant to deal with the shares

44 In May and June 2017, Lioncap Global instructed the defendant to deal with
the 57.08m shares as follows: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SOC A2 para 29.

(a) On 2 May 2017, the defendant opened 30m CFD positions on the shares with
Lioncap Global as counterparty. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

LBK para 86.

To cover these CFD positions, also on 2 May 2017, the defendant bought 30m out
of the 57.08m shares from Lioncap Global for HK$79.08m, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

LBK para 87.

or about $13.6m. This left 27.08m shares in Lioncap Global’s account with the
defendant.

(b) On 5 June 2017, the defendant delivered 17.08m Cabbeen shares to a company
called Five T Investment Management Ltd (“Five T”) against Five T’s payment of
HK$11.6m, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

TCS paras 81 and 82; LBK paras 88 and 93.

or about $2m. This left 10m shares in Lioncap Global’s account with the
defendant.

(c) On 19 June 2017, the defendant transferred 10m shares to Five T free of
payment. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

TCS para 90; LBK para 105.

This left zero shares in Lioncap Global’s account with the defendant.

45 The HK$45m which Lioncap Asia remitted to the plaintiff on 16 May 2017 (see
[41] above) was part of the HK$79.08m proceeds of sale which Lioncap Global
received from the defendant for the 30m shares (see [44(a)] above).

The plaintiff discovers the misappropriation

46 In August 2017, the plaintiff failed to receive dividends which Cabbeen had
declared on the 57.08m shares. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NSK para 144.

From August 2017 to November 2017, the plaintiff put pressure on Lioncap
Global to explain the failure. In November 2017, as a result of this pressure,
Lioncap Global returned 2.26m shares to the plaintiff. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NSK para 182.

Lioncap Global failed to return any more of the shares.

47 The plaintiff ceased to engage Lioncap Global and instructed solicitors. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NSK para 186.

48 At this point, the plaintiff was unaware of the dealings between the
defendant and Lioncap and, in particular, of the matters set out at [44]
above.

The first Hong Kong action

49 In April 2018, the plaintiff commenced action against Lioncap Global in
Hong Kong to recover the missing shares. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

LMP para 76.

Lioncap Asia was not a defendant to this action. In July 2018, the plaintiff
secured a default judgment against Lioncap Global. The judgment declared
Lioncap Global liable to procure the return of the missing shares to the
plaintiff and to account to the plaintiff for the dividends paid on those
shares. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

LMP para 78.

50 In the course of discovery in this action, the plaintiff secured disclosure
of documents from CIMB Securities Ltd (“CIMB HK”). CIMB HK is a member of the
same group of companies as the defendant but is a separate legal entity
incorporated and carrying on business as a brokerage in Hong Kong. CIMB HK is
not a party to this action.

51 As a result of the documents obtained from CIMB HK, the plaintiff
discovered the dealings between the defendant and Lioncap and, in particular,
the matters set out at [44] above. As a result of what it discovered, the
plaintiff now brings this action in Singapore against the defendant. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

LMP para 81 to 86.

The second Hong Kong action

52 Up to August 2018, the plaintiff had duly paid Lioncap Asia the quarterly
interest due on the HK$45m loan which it had drawn down under the loan
facility agreement in May 2017 (see [41] above). In August 2018, in view of
the default judgment against Lioncap Global, the plaintiff stopped paying
interest. Lioncap Asia then declared an event of default under the loan
facility agreement. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

LMP para 89.

As a result, the plaintiff paid Lioncap Asia under protest the interest due
for the quarter ending November 2018, while continuing its attempts to recover
the missing shares and dividends.

53 In November 2018, Lioncap Asia demanded the next interest payment due on
the loan. By this time, the plaintiff had failed to recover anything from
Lioncap Global, despite the default judgment in the first Hong Kong action.
The plaintiff therefore refused to pay any further interest to Lioncap Asia.
Instead, it commenced action against both Lioncap Global and Lioncap Asia to
have the November 2016 agreements rescinded. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

LMP para 90 to 91.

54 In May 2019, the plaintiff secured a default judgment in the second Hong
Kong action against Lioncap Global and Lioncap Asia. The default judgment: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

LMP para 96.

(a) declared the loan facility agreement, the security agreements, the April
2017 addendum and both instruction letters voidable and rescinded;

(b) declared the plaintiff to be the beneficial owner of the 57.08m shares
together with their traceable proceeds and all dividends paid on them; and

(c) required Lioncap Global to transfer the 57.08m shares to the plaintiff and
to pay all sums due to the plaintiff, against which the plaintiff was to
return to Lioncap Asia the HK$45m which it had lent the plaintiff (see [41]
above), provided that Lioncap Asia refunded the interest which the plaintiff
had paid it.

The parties’ cases

55 The plaintiff’s case on the first tranche is as follows. The plaintiff’s
intention in entering into the security agreements and transferring the shares
to Lioncap Global was not to benefit Lioncap Global but merely to create a
security interest in the shares in favour of Lioncap Global. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS para 63 to 64.

Therefore, Lioncap Global held the 57.08m shares on resulting trust for the
plaintiff. Alternatively, if the effect of the first and second instruction
letters was to transfer legal title to the shares to Lioncap Global, it held
the shares on an express trust for the plaintiff. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS para 98.

In either event, Lioncap Global misappropriated the shares in breach of trust.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS para 108.

The defendant knew that Lioncap Global was dealing with the shares in breach
of trust. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SOC A2 para 32.

The defendant therefore: (i) received the 30m shares from Lioncap Global with
knowledge of the breach of trust; (ii) holds the 30m shares on constructive
trust for the plaintiff; 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SOC A2 paras 35 to 37; PCS paras 296 to 305.

(iii) dishonestly assisted Lioncap Global in its breach of trust in respect of
all of the shares; 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

SOC A2 para 39 to 40; PCS paras 57 to 295.

or (iv) breached a duty of care in tort by transferring the shares out of
Lioncap Global’s account so as to render Lioncap Global the beneficial owner
of the shares. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOC A2 para 42A; PCS paras 308 to 370.

56 The defendant’s case in response is as follows. Lioncap Global was not any
sort of trustee for the plaintiff at any time, either by reason of the
plaintiff’s intention in entering into the November 2016 agreements or by
reason of the transfers of the shares in April and May 2017. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS paras 69 to 149.

Even if Lioncap Global was a trustee of some sort, the plaintiff has failed to
discharge its burden of proving that Lioncap Global acted in breach of the
alleged trust. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS paras 150 to 160.

Even if Lioncap Global did act in breach of trust, the defendant was not
dishonest and did not know that Lioncap Global was dealing with the shares in
breach of trust. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS paras 161 to 285.

As for the plaintiff’s claim in negligence, a financial institution (ie the
defendant) owes no duty to a third party (ie the plaintiff) to take reasonable
care to protect that third party from a fraud perpetrated by one of the
financial institution’s customers (ie Lioncap Global). Any attempt to impose
such duty would be contrary to principle, precedent and policy. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCS para 286 to 292.

57 With specific reference to the 30m shares which the defendant purchased
from Lioncap Global (see [44(a)] above), the defendant’s case is as follows.
The plaintiff’s pleaded case against the defendant asserts liability only for
dishonest assistance and knowing receipt. These are forms of liability in
equity which are purely personal liability. The plaintiff’s pleaded causes of
action can therefore yield only personal remedies in equity, not proprietary
remedies. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DSC para 281; DRS paras 100 to 101.

The plaintiff’s prayer for a declaration that the defendant holds the 30m
shares on trust for the plaintiff and an order requiring it to transfer the
shares to the plaintiff is therefore not tethered to any pleaded cause of
action. In any event, the defendant acted in good faith in accordance with the
instructions of its customer, Lioncap Global, in opening the 30m CFD positions
and in purchasing the 30m shares from Lioncap Global to cover the positions.
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defence A2 para 12(2); Transcript, 24 July 2020, p 119:4 to 7.

The defendant was therefore a bona fide purchaser for value of the 30m shares
without notice of any alleged beneficial interest which the plaintiff may have
had in them. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DCS para 281; Defence A2 para 16B.

Establishing a trust is essential to the plaintiff’s case in equity

58 The essence of the plaintiff’s case in equity is that Lioncap Global dealt
with the shares in breach of trust or in breach of a fiduciary duty owed to
the plaintiff. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

SOC A2 paras 29 and 30.

The defendant is not in a position to deny this aspect of the plaintiff’s
case. All it can do is to put the plaintiff to proof. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

D A2 paras 11 and 14.

59 Proving that Lioncap Global held the shares on trust for the plaintiff is
therefore absolutely essential to the plaintiff’s claims in equity. A trust is
the plaintiff’s only basis for asserting that Lioncap Global owed a fiduciary
duty to the plaintiff. Without an underlying fiduciary duty, a third party
cannot be held personally liable for knowing receipt or dishonest assistance:
George Raymond Zage III and another v Ho Chi Kwong and another [2010] 2 SLR
589 at [20] and [23]. Further, plaintiff’s counsel confirmed that the
constructive trust it asserts in this action is an institutional constructive
trust and not a remedial constructive trust. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 19 November 2020, p 54:6 to 11.

The proprietary base necessary for an institutional constructive trust to
arise is absent unless Lioncap Global held the shares on trust for the
plaintiff at the time the defendant purchased those shares.

Preliminary point on the pleadings

60 On the issue of whether Lioncap Global was a trustee for the plaintiff, the
defendant takes the preliminary point that the plaintiff has impermissibly
departed from its pleadings. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCS paras 72 to 74.

The defendant’s argument on its preliminary point proceeds as follows. The
plaintiff’s statement of claim asserts that the source of the
trustee/beneficiary relationship lies in the contractual terms of the November
2016 agreements. Thus, the plaintiff pleads expressly that because no event of
default ever occurred under the security agreements, the plaintiff was and is
the beneficial owner of the shares. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

SOC A2 paras 26 and 27.

By this plea, the plaintiff asserts that a trust arose because the contractual
terms of the security agreements never operated to vest equitable title to the
shares in Lioncap Global. If that is the plaintiff’s case, the only intention
of the plaintiff which is material is its intention as manifested in the
November 2016 agreements. Its intention at any time after November 2016 is
immaterial. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS para 66 and 68.

Its intention manifested outside the November 2016 agreements is equally
immaterial. However, in its closing submissions, the plaintiff asserts that
the trustee/beneficiary relationship arose when the plaintiff transferred the
shares to Lioncap Global in April and May 2017. A resulting trust is said to
have arisen upon those transfers because the plaintiff had no intention to
benefit the defendant by the transfers. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS paras 60 and 72.

Alternatively, an express trust is said to have arisen then because of the
terms of the first and second instruction letters, by which the plaintiff
expressly retained the beneficial interest in the shares.

61 The defendant also takes the further point on the pleadings that, although
the plaintiff pleads expressly that it was and is beneficially entitled to the
shares, it has nowhere pleaded that the legal basis for this plea is that
Lioncap Global held the shares on trust for the plaintiff, let alone on
resulting trust. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS para 73.

62 In response, the plaintiff submits that it has sufficiently pleaded all the
essential facts on which to now advance a case that Lioncap Global was a
trustee of the shares for the plaintiff and also as to how and when it became
a trustee. That is all that the plaintiff needs to do in order now to advance
a case that Lioncap Global was either a resulting trustee or an express
trustee for the plaintiff: Lin Chao-Feng v Chuang Hsin-Yi [2010] 4 SLR 427 at
[15] and [19]. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PRS para 10.

63 I accept the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff has changed its case
between its pleadings and its closing submissions. However, I decline to
reject the case which the plaintiff now advances on this technical point
alone. I say that for three reasons.

64 First, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that a pleader’s duty is to
plead facts not law. Once the material facts have been pleaded, the pleader
can develop the legal consequences of those facts in submissions. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PRS para 10.

I would add only the proviso that the legal consequences which the pleader
develops in submissions must not take the opposing party by surprise so as to
cause it prejudice which cannot be remedied.

65 Second, I have found against the plaintiff on the case it now advances in
its closing submissions. I must assume that, by advancing that case, the
plaintiff has abandoned its pleaded case. I must also assume that the case
which the plaintiff now advances is its best and final case against the
defendant. Given my finding that the plaintiff fails even on its best case, it
makes no difference whether that case was or was not adequately pleaded.

66 Finally and most importantly, allowing the plaintiff to advance this case,
even though it is a change from its pleaded case, causes the defendant no
prejudice. The defendant was aware of the changed case from the time of the
plaintiff’s oral opening at trial. The changed case became clear as a result
of plaintiff’s counsel’s responses to my questions on the very issue of the
source of the trustee/beneficiary relationship. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 13 July 2020, p 15:21 to 16:3; 18:8 to 20:20.

Thereafter, defendant’s counsel cross-examined the plaintiff’s witnesses on
the basis of the changed case as well as on the basis of the original pleaded
case. There is also no suggestion that the defendant required any further
discovery to deal with the changed case. That is why the defendant quite
rightly does not suggest that it will suffer any prejudice if the plaintiff is
permitted to advance the changed case. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PRS para 21 to 22.

That is also presumably why, as the plaintiff points out, the defendant did
not take the pleading point at trial or pursue it with any vigour in
submissions. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PRS para 8.

67 I therefore examine on the merits the plaintiff’s case that Lioncap Global
was a trustee for the plaintiff by reason of the transfers. I first analyse
the plaintiff’s case of a resulting trust before analysing its alternative
case of an express trust.

Lioncap was not a resulting trustee of the shares

A summary of the law relating to resulting trusts

68 A resulting trust arises when a transferor transfers property to a
transferee lacking the intention to benefit the transferee: Lau Siew Kim v Yeo
Guan Chye Terence [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 at [35] (“Lau Siew Kim”); Chan Yuen Lan
v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at [43] (“Chan Yuen Lan”). The two factual
elements which give rise to a resulting trust are therefore: (a) a transfer of
property to a transferee; and (b) circumstances in which the transferor does
not intend to benefit the transferee: Moh Tai Siang v Moh Tai Tong and another
[2018] SGHC 280 at [72]; Robert Chambers, Resulting Trusts (Clarendon Press,
Oxford 1997) (“Chambers’ Resulting Trusts”) at p 32, accepted in Lau Siew Kim
at [35].

69 A transferor’s lack of intention to benefit the transferee can be
established in two ways: (a) by a failure to rebut the presumption of
resulting trust which arises when a transferee of property does not provide
the whole of the consideration for the transfer; or (b) by evidence of the
transferor’s intention with respect to the transfer. The court should not
resort to the presumption if there is evidence which can prove the
transferor’s intention or from which that intention can be inferred: Chan Yuen
Lan at [51] (broadly approving Neo Hui Ling v Ang Ah Sew [2012] 2 SLR 831 at
[25]).

70 The primary case of both parties is that there is sufficient evidence to
make a finding as to the plaintiff’s intention at the material time. As such,
I begin by analysing that evidence.

The time at which to ascertain intention

71 In the resulting trust analysis, the time at which to ascertain a
transferor’s intention is the time it transferred its property to the
transferee. The transfers of the plaintiff’s property to Lioncap Global took
place on 28 April 2017 and 31 May 2017 (see [40] and [43] above). However, on
the facts of this case, that is not the correct time at which to ascertain
plaintiff’s intention.

72 The correct time at which to ascertain the plaintiff’s intention is 20
April 2017. I say that for three reasons. First, 20 April 2017 is when the
plaintiff signed the April 2017 addendum and undertook a contractual
obligation to transfer the shares to Lioncap Global’s account with the
defendant. Second, by signing and issuing the 20 April 2017 instruction letter
in performance of this contractual obligation, the plaintiff evinced that it
was ready, willing and able to do all within its power to transfer the shares
to Lioncap Global. That is so even though this letter ultimately proved
ineffective because CIMB Indonesia rejected it. Third, neither party suggests
that the plaintiff’s intention changed between: (a) the date it signed the
addendum and the rejected instruction letter (20 April 2017) and the date it
signed the first instruction letter (24 April 2017); (b) between the date it
signed the first instruction letter (24 April 2017) and the date it signed the
second instruction letter (18 May 2017); or (c) between the dates on which it
signed each instruction letter (24 April 2017 and 18 May 2017) and the dates
on which CIMB Indonesia actually transferred the shares to Lioncap Global (28
April 2017 and 31 May 2017).

73 I therefore analyse the evidence to ascertain the plaintiff’s intention as
at 20 April 2017.

The parties’ cases as to the plaintiff’s intention on 20 April 2017

74 The plaintiff’s case as to its intention on 20 April 2017 is as follows.
The plaintiff’s only intention in November 2016 was to create a security
interest in favour of Lioncap Global. The plaintiff therefore had no intention
to benefit Lioncap Global in November 2016. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCS para 69 to 70.

That intention remained unchanged between November 2016 and 20 April 2017. The
plaintiff therefore continued to have no intention to benefit Lioncap Global
on 20 April 2017. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PRS paras 26 to 27.

On the authority of Lau Siew Kim and Chan Yuen Lan, Lioncap Global therefore
became a resulting trustee of the shares for the plaintiff when it received
the shares in April and May 2017.

75 The defendant’s case as to the plaintiff’s intention on 20 April 2017 is as
follows. Even if it is true that the plaintiff’s intention remained unchanged
from November 2016 to 20 April 2017, its intention on its own case at all
times was to create a security interest in favour of Lioncap Global. That
intention is wholly incompatible with a resulting trust arising in the
plaintiff’s favour, before or after the transfer of the shares to Lioncap
Global. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS para 75.

In the alternative, the plaintiff’s intention on 20 April 2017 was to lend the
shares to Lioncap Global as part of a share lending agreement, the very
commercial purpose of which requires Lioncap Global to acquire the beneficial
interest in the shares.

76 Before turning to analyse the evidence, I note at the outset that the
plaintiff has been very careful to advance its case as to its intention on 20
April 2017 precisely as the lack of intention analysis of the resulting trust
requires: by asserting that the plaintiff had no intention to benefit Lioncap
Global when it transferred the shares to Lioncap Global. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS paras 70, 79; PRS para 13.

77 But that is not the plaintiff’s case in substance. If that were indeed the
plaintiff’s case, it would simply adduce evidence from Mr Yang and Mr Ng that
the plaintiff never formed any such intention on or about 20 April 2017. The
plaintiff’s case on its intention is not simply that it lacked an intention to
benefit Lioncap Global. Its case goes well beyond that. Its case is that it
had an actual intention not to benefit Lioncap Global. That is what the
plaintiff is attempting to prove by relying on the express language of the
security agreements, the express language of the instruction letters (see the
two italicised phrases at [39] above) and the evidence of the plaintiff’s
witnesses at trial.

78 In that sense, and despite the very careful wording by which the plaintiff
advances its case, its case on intention deliberately goes further than the
lack of intention analysis in Lau Siew Kim and Chan Yuen Lan requires it to
go. This has an important consequence. If the plaintiff fails in its attempt
to establish a resulting trust on the basis that it had an actual intention
not to benefit Lioncap Global on 20 April 2017, that leaves the plaintiff no
forensic room to fall back on the presumption of a resulting trust or on an
express trust.

The security agreements created only a security interest

79 For the reasons which follow, I accept the defendant’s case and reject the
plaintiff’s case as to the plaintiff’s intention on 20 April 2017.

80 The plaintiff and the defendant agree on three points. First, the security
agreements are evidence of the plaintiff’s intention in November 2016 to
create nothing more than a security interest over the shares in favour of
Lioncap Global. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PCS para 64; DCS para 86; PRS para 24.

Second, the security agreements did not transfer any property in the shares to
Lioncap Global. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS para 65; DCS para 83(a).

Third, even though the security agreements call themselves “Share Pledge
Agreements”, the security interest they created could not have been a pledge.
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 19 Nov 2020, p23 line 5 to 6; p39 line 3 to 4; DCS para 83; PRS para 28.

81 All three of these points are correct. The first two points are correct
simply because that is what the security agreements expressly provide. The
third point is correct because the only assets which can be the subject of a
pledge are assets reducible to possession, ie, chattels or documentary
intangibles. A share is not a chattel: it is a chose in action. It is also not
a documentary intangible. A documentary intangible is an intangible asset
represented by a document of title. Documents of title include bills of
lading, bills of exchange and negotiable securities. A share certificate, at
least in respect of a Singapore company, is not a document of title. Shares in
a Singapore company (see [17] above) cannot therefore be the subject of a
pledge: Qilin World Capital Ltd v CPIT Investments Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1 at [4].

The security agreements created a charge

82 As to the true nature of the security interest which the plaintiff created
in favour of Lioncap Global, the plaintiff’s case is that the security
interest was a charge. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS para 65.

The defendant’s case is that cl 3.01 of the security agreements envisaged
Lioncap Global taking either a charge or a mortgage. Which interest Lioncap
Global actually took depended on how it exercised its right to require the
plaintiff to appropriate the shares to the security under that clause. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DCS para 83.

If Lioncap Global exercised that right by requiring the plaintiff to transfer
ownership of the shares to Lioncap Global, the security interest would be a
mortgage. If Lioncap Global exercised that right so as to allow the plaintiff
to retain ownership of the shares, it would be a charge.

83 In my view, the plaintiff’s analysis is correct but incomplete. The
defendant’s analysis is both correct and complete.

84 Leaving aside for the time being security interests which are created by or
under statute, a security interest is simply a right which X grants to Y
consensually, ie, by contract, for Y to exercise some sort of right over X’s
property upon X’s default in performing an obligation. The obligation secured
by the interest is typically a debt which X owes to Y. But it can be any type
of obligation and can even be one which X owes, as in this case, to someone
other than Y.

85 If the security interest includes Y’s power to sell or compel a sale of the
security, the security interest is either a charge or a mortgage. If, in
addition, the security interest involves a transfer of ownership of the
security or of some other property right in the security to Y, it is a
mortgage. If the security interest does not involve any such transfer, it is a
charge: Carreras Rothmans Ltd v Freeman Mathews Treasure Ltd and another
[1985] Ch 207 at 227, cited in Roy Goode & Louise Gullifer, Goode and Gullifer
on Legal Problems of Credit and Security (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2017)
(“Goode & Gullifer”) at para 1-55.

86 Creating a charge in favour of Y therefore transfers ownership of no
existing property right in the security to Y. The charge merely creates a new
proprietary interest in the security and vests it in Y: Hugh Beale et al, The
Law of Security and Title-based Financing (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed,
2018) (“Security and Title-based Financing”) at para 6.52. That proprietary
interest subsists as an incumbrance on the security, ie as a restriction on
X’s unfettered right as owner to deal with the security, until X discharges
the obligation or the incumbrance is otherwise released in accordance with the
parties’ agreement.

87 On the facts of this case, the security interest which the plaintiff
created in favour of Lioncap Global was a charge. That is because Lioncap
Global’s security interest attached to the shares without any transfer of
ownership. Instead, under cl 3.01 of the security agreements, Lioncap Global
directed the plaintiff to appropriate the shares to the security interest by
delivering the shares to a dedicated account in the plaintiff’s own name.
Lioncap Global therefore acquired no ownership of or in the shares, and
acquired only a right to have recourse to the shares in the event the
plaintiff defaulted on its debt to Lioncap Asia: Re Lin Securities (Pte) Ltd
[1988] 1 SLR(R) 220 at [19]–[21]. All of that makes Lioncap Global’s security
interest in the shares a charge, not a mortgage.

88 The plaintiff takes the position that it is not material for present
purposes to characterise the true nature of Lioncap Global’s security interest
in the shares. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PRS para 28.

I disagree. A resulting trust is definitionally incompatible with a charge.
That is the inevitable result of the defining characteristics of both a
resulting trust and of a charge. One of the defining characteristics of a
resulting trust is a transfer of ownership of the transferor’s property to the
resulting trustee (see [68] above). One of the defining characteristics of a
charge is that it does not transfer any ownership of the security to the
chargee (see [84] above). A transfer of ownership being essential for a
resulting trust to arise, a charge can never give rise to a resulting trust. A
transfer of property negating the creation of a charge, a resulting trust can
never give rise to a charge. That is no doubt why the plaintiff no longer
attempts to trace the origin of the resulting trust it relies on to the
plaintiff’s entry into the November 2016 agreements and the transfers of the
shares into the plaintiff’s account with CIMB Indonesia in January and
February 2017 pursuant to those agreements (see [19] above).

The security agreements created an equitable charge

89 Contrary to the plaintiff’s submissions, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS para 65.

the charge which Lioncap Global took over the shares was not a legal charge
but an equitable charge. It is immaterial that the recitals 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NSK p 654, 680.

and cl 2.01 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NSK p 657, 683.

of the security agreements describe the security interest as a “legal charge”.
The proprietary right created by a charge arises and is recognised only in
equity, not at common law. All charges created by contract – as opposed to
those created by statute – are therefore by definition equitable charges. That
is so regardless of whether the subject-matter of the charge is property which
is recognised at law or in equity.

The subject-matter of the charge was the plaintiff’s equitable interest in the
shares

90 The subject matter of the equitable charge which the plaintiff created in
favour of Lioncap Global is the plaintiff’s beneficial interest in the shares,
not the legal interest. That is because the plaintiff never owned the legal
interest in any of the shares. The legal interest in all shares traded on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange is vested permanently in a nominee designated by the
exchange. Immobilising the legal interest in this way allows trades on the
exchange to be settled scriplessly. Trades therefore settle without any
conveyance of the legal interest, ie without the need to present share
certificates and transfer forms to the company and without the delay, cost and
paperwork that that entails. Trades on the exchange therefore involve a
transfer of only the beneficial interest in the shares traded. The only
interest which the plaintiff ever had in the shares for present purposes was a
beneficial interest. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS para 83(b).

91 The plaintiff held the beneficial interest in the shares at the end of a
chain of trusts. That chain started from the nominee in whom legal title to
the shares was immobilised. That nominee held legal title to the shares on a
bare trust. The beneficial interest under that trust ran through a chain of
financial intermediaries, such as custodians and nominees, to the plaintiff.
Each link in the chain held the bare equitable title to the beneficial
interest in the shares on trust, or more accurately sub-trust, for the next
link in the chain. The final link in the chain is the plaintiff, in whom is
vested not bare equitable title but the entire beneficial interest in the
shares: 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript, 19 November 2020, p 10:9 to 13.

Michael Bridge et al, The Law of Personal Property (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed,
2018) (“Law of Personal Property”) at paras 6-050 and 6-051. The beneficial
interest in the shares was the only property in the shares which the plaintiff
owned and could charge to Lioncap Global.

92 Regardless of the true legal position, however, I will in this judgment
ignore the chain of trusts by which the plaintiff as beneficial owner held
these intermediated securities. I will treat the plaintiff as the absolute
owner of the shares immediately before Lioncap Global’s equitable charge
attached to the shares upon delivery under cl 3.01 of the security agreements.
When I refer to legal title to the shares in this judgment, I therefore refer
in reality to the bare equitable title to the beneficial interest in the
shares. If the plaintiff cannot succeed on this stylised analysis of the
property rights in intermediated securities, it cannot succeed on any deeper
analysis of the true legal position.

The plaintiff intended to confer a benefit on Lioncap Global

93 It is not disputed that the first of the two elements necessary to give
rise to a resulting trust (see [68] above) was satisfied when the plaintiff
transferred the shares to Lioncap Global in April and May 2017. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript, 19 November 2020, pp 10:25–11:2 (Acute), 88:16–18 (CIMB
Singapore).

94 The plaintiff’s case is that the second element necessary to give rise to a
resulting trust was satisfied because the plaintiff’s intention on 20 April
2017 remained the same as it was in November 2016: to do no more than create a
security interest in Lioncap Global’s favour. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS para 70.

The plaintiff’s submission, in effect, is that an intention to create a
security interest in favour of Lioncap Global negates any intention to confer
a benefit on Lioncap Global and therefore satisfies the second element
necessary for a resulting trust to arise.

95 As a matter of fact, as a matter of precedent and as a matter of principle,
I do not accept the plaintiff’s submission. An intention to create a security
interest in favour of a transferee suffices, in itself, to prevent the second
element necessary for a resulting trust to arise from being satisfied. The
legal relationship between the grantor and the grantee of any type of security
interest is fundamentally incompatible with the relationship of trustee and
cestui que trust under a resulting trust.

(1) Fact

96 As a matter of fact, the plaintiff did intend to confer a benefit on
Lioncap Global on 20 April 2017, when it entered into the April 2017 addendum.
The benefit was the contractual obligation which the plaintiff undertook in
the April 2017 addendum to transfer the shares to Lioncap Global. This was
factually a benefit to Lioncap Global because Lioncap Global acquired a right
which it did not have before 20 April 2017.

97 Further, the plaintiff actually conferred a benefit on Lioncap Global when
it transferred the shares to Lioncap Global. Before the April 2017 addendum,
Lioncap Global had only a charge over the shares, ie, a security interest in
the shares without a transfer of ownership of any property in the shares. By
transferring the shares to Lioncap Global, the plaintiff improved Lioncap
Global’s security interest in the shares. If, contrary to the plaintiff’s
case, it transferred the shares to Lioncap Global intending to convey with
them the beneficial interest in the shares to Lioncap Global, the result is
that the plaintiff converted Lioncap Global’s charge into a mortgage. A
mortgage is both de facto and de jure a stronger security interest than a
charge. Transferring shares which are subject to a charge to the chargee so as
to subject them to a mortgage is a de facto and a de jure benefit to the
erstwhile chargee, and new mortgagee.

98 On the other hand, if the plaintiff transferred the shares to Lioncap
Global intending not to convey the beneficial interest in the shares to
Lioncap Global, as the plaintiff submits (and even if I accept that that
intention operated in equity by itself to separate the bare equitable title to
the shares from the beneficial interest in the shares) the transfer
nevertheless conferred a factual benefit on Lioncap Global. That benefit was
to strengthen Lioncap Global’s control of the shares. Even on the plaintiff’s
own case, the transfer at the very least ceded control of the shares to
Lioncap Global. Ceding control in this way (even if doing so did not involve a
transfer of ownership of any property in the shares to Lioncap Global)
improved Lioncap Global’s existing charge in a practical sense. If nothing
else, it tightened Lioncap Global’s existing encumbrance over the shares by
giving Lioncap Global control over the shares.

99 In either event, I accept the defendant’s submission 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 19 November 2020, p 92:25 to 93:3; p 93:27 to 94:4; p 95:1 to 15.

that an intention to confer a factual benefit by creating or improving a
security interest suffices in itself to prevent the second element necessary
for a resulting trust to arise from being satisfied (see [68] above). I do not
accept the plaintiff’s submission that only an intention to transfer the
beneficial interest in the shares suffices to prevent the second element from
being satisfied. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 19 November 2020, p 154:7 to 155:28.

So long as a transferor intends a transfer of property to confer a factual
benefit on a transferee, the transferee’s conscience is unaffected by the
transfer and equity does not intervene by separating legal title from
beneficial interest by imposing a resulting trust.

100 As a matter of fact, therefore, the plaintiff had an actual intention to
benefit Lioncap Global on 20 April 2017.

(2) Precedent

(A) MKC Associates Co Ltd v Kabushiki Kaisha Honjin

101 As a matter of precedent, as the defendant correctly points out, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS para 75.

the relationship between the grantor and the grantee of a security interest is
fundamentally and conceptually distinct from the relationship between a
beneficiary and a trustee under a trust: MKC Associates Co Ltd v Kabushiki
Kaisha Honjin and others (Neo Lay Hiang Pamela and another, third parties;
Honjin Singapore Pte Ltd and others, fourth parties) [2017] SGHC 317 (“MKC”)
at [148]–[151]. A trust coexists with the security interest if and only if the
instrument creating the security interest makes express provision to that
effect: MKC at [152]–[153]. There is no provision, express or implied, in the
security agreements or the April 2017 addendum which makes Lioncap Global a
trustee for the plaintiff. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS para 84.

(B) Yuanta Asset Management International Ltd v Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd

102 To meet this point of precedent, the plaintiff relies on Yuanta Asset
Management International Ltd and another v Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd and
another and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 21 (“Yuanta”). In that case, X and Y
were joint venturers. Y agreed with X to procure loans for their joint venture
vehicle. The loans could be advanced either by Y or by a third party sourced
by Y. X transferred certain shares to Y which Y was to use as security for the
loans: at [53]–[54]. Y sold part of the shares for its own benefit, without
X’s knowledge or consent.

103 At first instance, Y and its sole director were held liable for selling
the shares without X’s authority and for making a secret profit from the sale.
On appeal, the Court of Appeal held that the parties’ contractual arrangements
meant that X’s transfer of the shares to Y transferred only legal title to the
shares to Y. The beneficial interest in the shares remained with X despite the
transfer. This separation of legal title to the shares from the beneficial
interest in the shares meant that Y held the shares impressed with a trust in
favour of X: at [40]. Y therefore had no right to dispose of the shares as
their absolute owner: at [49].

104 Yuanta does suggest prima facie that the plaintiff’s transfer of the
shares to Lioncap Global gave rise to a trust in favour of the plaintiff. As
in Yuanta, the November 2016 agreements and the instruction letters manifest
the plaintiff’s intention that the beneficial interest in the shares should
remain with the plaintiff unless and until there was an event of default. It
could be said that the security agreements in particular manifest a shared
contractual intention to separate legal title (or more accurately in this
case, bare equitable title) from the beneficial interest in the shares, with
the beneficial interest remaining with the plaintiff in the absence of an
event of default.

105 As the defendant submits, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DRS para 36.

however, the result in Yuanta arose from the specific contractual arrangements
between X and Y: at [45]. Yuanta is not authority for the broader proposition
which the plaintiff seeks to extract from it: that a transfer of an asset to a
transferee when the transferee intends only to create a security interest in
that asset in favour of the transferee constitutes the transferee a trustee of
the asset for the transferor.

106 In truth, the transaction in Yuanta did not create an immediate security
interest in the shares in order to secure an existing obligation to lend.
First of all, Y was under no obligation to lend any money to X when it
received the shares from X: Yuanta at [13] and [54]. Further, under the
agreements in Yuanta, X gave Y express authority to sell, trade or pledge the
shares unilaterally, at Y’s discretion: at [14]. Y was also entitled, upon X’s
discharge of the debt, either to return the shares to X or to pay X the value
of the shares in cash. All of these rights are entirely antithetical to the
equity of redemption, the defining characteristic of a security interest. The
inclusion of these rights in the parties’ bargain is therefore inconsistent
with an intention to create an immediate security interest. It is not
therefore surprising that the Court of Appeal held that the parties’
contractual arrangements made Y a trustee of the shares, which Y held as
potential security for future loans: at [55(a)]. In other words, Y in Yuanta
was not on the facts of that case ever a chargee or a mortgagee of the shares
or obliged to become a creditor of X.

107 Lioncap was in a wholly different position. From January 2017 to April
2017, Lioncap Global was an equitable chargee of the shares. In April 2017, by
reason of the transfers pursuant to the April 2017 Addendum, Lioncap Global
became either a mortgagee of the shares 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

1CB at pp 51 and 122; 1CB at pp 25 and 99.

or a chargee with enhanced control of the shares. Y in Yuanta was never in the
same position.

108 As a matter of precedent, therefore, Lioncap Global was not a trustee for
the plaintiff by reason of the transfers.

(3) Principle

109 As a matter of principle, if Lioncap Global were a resulting trustee of
the shares for the plaintiff on these facts, that would mean that every
security interest would, in itself, always constitute the grantee of the
security interest a resulting trustee of the security for the grantor, with
all of the consequences that that entails in equity.

110 That proposition need only be stated to be rejected as completely contrary
to principle. The proposition would defeat well settled and entirely
reasonable commercial expectations in the marketplace for secured lending. It
would also undermine the risk and pricing models of the participants on both
sides of that vital marketplace, with wide ranging consequences.

111 Furthermore, as a matter of principle, it is especially important that the
proprietary consequences of a transfer of property are known with certainty at
the time of the transfer. That is no doubt why the Court of Appeal warned
against taking an unduly wide reading of the doctrine of resulting trusts:
Chan Yuen Lan at [48]. A lavish approach to the second element would allow a
transferor to transfer ownership of property to a transferee and then to claim
a property interest in the property based purely on its unverifiable and
unfalsifiable subjective intention at the time of the transfer, well after the
fact and without complying with the three certainties necessary to constitute
the transferee an express trustee of the transferred property.

Conclusion

112 In summary, I find that the plaintiff had an actual intention to confer a
benefit on Lioncap Global when it transferred the shares to Lioncap Global.
That benefit was improving Lioncap Global’s security interest de facto or de
jure. An intention to confer that benefit on Lioncap Global suffices in itself
to negate the second element necessary to establish a resulting trust. This
finding not only defeats the plaintiff’s case on lack of intention, it also
leaves no room for the presumption of a resulting trust to operate: Chan Yuen
Lan at [51]. No resulting trust arose over the shares.

113 I now turn to consider the plaintiff’s alternative case: that Lioncap
Global was an express trustee of the shares for the plaintiff.

Lioncap was not an express trustee of the shares

114 The three certainties which must be established to constitute an express
trust are set out in The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR (also known as
Jugoimport-SDPR) v Westacre Investment Inc and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 372
at [55]:

55 Under Singapore law, an express trust arises only when the three
certainties are present: certainty of intention, certainty of subject matter
and certainty of the objects of the trust. … [C]ertainty of intention …
requires clear evidence of an intention on the part of the alleged settlor to
create a trust and to subject the trust property to trust obligations, as
opposed to creating any other form of binding legal relationship (for example,
a contractual relationship). ...

[emphasis added]

115 On the plaintiff’s own case, its actual intention at all times was to
create a security interest in favour of Lioncap Global. That intention is, for
the reasons I have already given, incompatible with an intention not to confer
a benefit on Lioncap Global for the purposes of the resulting trust analysis.
It is equally incompatible with the certainty of intention to create a trust
for the express trust analysis.

116 The rights of a grantee of a security interest are wholly inconsistent
with the duties of an express trustee. The very purpose of the security
interest is that the grantee should be able to act in its own interests upon
default. Where a mortgagor transfers mortgaged property to the mortgagee or
where a chargor cedes control of the charged property to the chargee, it is no
doubt true that a dishonest mortgagee or chargee thereby acquires the power de
facto to misappropriate the security even without a default or otherwise in
breach of the parties’ agreement. But all that that means is that a grantor of
a security interest should choose its grantee with great care. That is not a
basis on which to find certainty of intention to create a trust where there
was an express intention to create a security interest.

117 I therefore hold that no express trust arose over the shares. It is
therefore unnecessary for me to consider the defendant’s alternative case, ie
that the plaintiff’s intention on 20 April 2017 was to lend the shares to
Lioncap Global as part of a commercial share lending agreement.

Conclusion on the case against the defendant in equity

118 For all of the foregoing reasons, I hold that the 57.08m shares were not
the subject of any trust, whether resulting or express. I have arrived at that
conclusion on my analysis of the plaintiff’s own case. It is therefore
unnecessary for me to analyse the defendant’s alternative case that the true
reason for the transfer of the 57.08m shares was a share lending agreement,
the commercial purpose of which is to vest title to the shares in Lioncap
Global. There is no burden on the defendant to establish the plaintiff’s
intention on 20 April 2017.

119 Without a trust, there can be no fiduciary duty. Without a fiduciary duty,
there can be no dishonest assistance or knowing receipt. That suffices to
dismiss the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant for dishonest assistance
and in knowing receipt.

120 Further, the plaintiff’s case for a constructive trust is that: (a)
Lioncap Global misapplied trust property by selling the 30m shares to the
defendant; and (b) that the defendant acquired the 30m shares with notice that
they were subject to a subsisting trust. My finding that Lioncap Global was
not a trustee of the shares for the plaintiff means that the shares were never
trust property. The plaintiff’s claim that the defendant holds 30m shares as a
constructive trustee must also fail.

121 The plaintiff’s claim in equity in respect of the 57.08m shares therefore
fails in its entirety. That claim is dismissed.

The defendant is not liable to the plaintiff in negligence

122 In order to succeed in a claim in negligence, a plaintiff has to prove
five elements (Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology
Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”) at [21]):

(a) that the defendant owed the plaintiff a duty of care;

(b) that the defendant breached that duty of care by acting (or failing to
act) such that its conduct fell below the standard of care required of it;

(c) that the defendant’s breach of duty caused the plaintiff damage;

(d) that the plaintiff’s losses arising from the defendant’s breach are not
too remote; and

(e) that the plaintiff can adequately prove and quantify those losses.

Duty of care

123 A duty of care will arise in tort if: (a) it is factually foreseeable that
the defendant’s negligence might cause the plaintiff harm; (b) there is
sufficient legal proximity between the plaintiff and the defendant; and (c)
policy considerations do not militate against a duty of care: Spandeck at
[73], [77] and [83].

124 I assume in the plaintiff’s favour that there was factual foreseeability
and move straight to the element of proximity.

125 The plaintiff submits that there was both causal and circumstantial
proximity between the plaintiff and the defendant. I do not accept that the
plaintiff has established either type of proximity.

126 The plaintiff submits that there was causal proximity between the
plaintiff and the defendant for the following reasons. The plaintiff’s first
and second instruction letters expressly instructed CIMB Indonesia to transfer
the shares to Lioncap Global’s account without a change of beneficial owner.
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

SOC A2 para 42A; PCS para 322.

This basis of transfer is abbreviated in the broking industry to “NCBO”.
However, CIMB Indonesia transferred the shares to Lioncap Global’s account on
the “CBO” basis. “CBO” is the abbreviation in the broking industry for “change
of beneficial ownership”. At the same time, Lioncap Global instructed the
defendant to receive the shares in accordance with the plaintiff’s instruction
letters. The defendant had copies of the instruction letters. If the defendant
had noticed the discrepancy between the plaintiff’s instructions to CIMB
Indonesia to transfer the share on the NCBO basis and CIMB Indonesia’s
instructions to the defendant, the defendant would have rejected the transfer.
If it had done that, Lioncap Global could not have misappropriated the shares.

127 I do not accept this submission.

128 As the defendant submits, the act which the plaintiff complains the
defendant carried out negligently is causally remote from the loss which the
plaintiff suffered. The Court of Appeal held in Spandeck (at [78]) that causal
proximity is the degree of “closeness or directness of the causal connection
or relationship between the act and the injury sustained”. The causal chain
for the transfer of the shares was as follows. The plaintiff issued the first
and second instruction letters instructing CIMB Indonesia to carry out the
transfers on the NCBO basis. CIMB Indonesia instructed its custodian to debit
the shares from CIMB Indonesia’s sub-account with the custodian and to credit
them to Lioncap Global’s custodian for further credit of Lioncap Global’s sub-
account.

129 By coincidence, CIMB Indonesia’s custodian and Lioncap Global’s custodian
was the same entity. By further coincidence, that entity was in fact the
defendant itself. In carrying out the book entries necessary to give effect to
this transfer, therefore, the defendant’s customer for the debit was CIMB
Indonesia and for the credit was Lioncap Global. The transfer of the shares to
Lioncap Global was therefore directly caused by the defendant acting on CIMB
Indonesia’s instructions to the defendant. Yet, the plaintiff does not allege
that the defendant breached any duty of care owed to the plaintiff by doing
that.

130 I therefore do not accept that there was causal proximity as between the
plaintiff and the defendant.

131 I also do not accept the plaintiff’s submission that there was
circumstantial proximity between the plaintiff and the defendant. The
plaintiff was not the defendant’s customer in connection with the transfer of
the shares. The defendant’s customers were CIMB Indonesia and Lioncap Global.
As such, the defendant owed contractual obligations to both of them in
carrying out the transfer. Further, the relationship between the plaintiff and
Lioncap Global was that of a grantor and a grantee of a security interest,
with their rights and obligations defined by contract in the November 2016
agreements as varied by the April 2017 addendum. The plaintiff and Lioncap
Global each entered into those agreements in order to advance its own
commercial, legal and economic self-interest. All of this negates
circumstantial proximity.

132 The requisite element of proximity being absent, I accept the defendant’s
submission that the defendant owed the plaintiff no duty of care.

Causation

133 In any event, even if the defendant owed the plaintiff a duty of care and
breached the duty, I accept the defendant’s submission that the breach did not
cause the plaintiff any loss.

134 Assuming the existence of a duty of care, the plaintiff must go on to
establish that the defendant breached the duty of care and that breach was the
factual cause of the plaintiff’s loss. This requires the plaintiff to prove
that, but for the defendant’s breach, the plaintiff would not have suffered
the loss that it did: Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 (“Sunny Metal”) at [52].

135 The plaintiff’s case on breach and on causation is as follows. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PCS para 367(a).

Lioncap Global directed the defendant to receive the shares from the plaintiff
“in accordance with” the plaintiff’s instructions to CIMB Indonesia. The
plaintiff’s instructions to CIMB Indonesia expressly stated that the
beneficial interest in the shares was to remain with the plaintiff (see [39]
and [42] above). The defendant knew that this was the plaintiff’s intention
because the defendant had copies of the instruction letters. The defendant
therefore knew that it should receive the shares for Lioncap Global on the
NCBO basis. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

1CB at pp 285 and 461.

But CIMB Indonesia instructed the defendant to transfer the shares to Lioncap
Global on the CBO basis. A reasonable brokerage in the defendant’s position
would have noticed the discrepancy in the instructions and would either have:
(a) made reasonable inquiries of CIMB Indonesia and Lioncap to resolve the
discrepancy; or (b) would have declined to carry out the transfer. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PCS para 367(b).

If the defendant had done either, the transfer would have been stopped and
Lioncap Global would never have been in a position to misappropriate the
shares. Instead, the defendant transferred the shares to Lioncap Global
without making inquiries and with a change of beneficial ownership. The
defendant’s breach of duty therefore caused the plaintiff’s loss.

136 In my view, the plaintiff has failed to establish factual causation on the
but-for test. As I have found, the plaintiff and Lioncap Global agreed by the
April 2017 addendum that Lioncap Global should improve its security from a
charge over the 57.08m shares to a mortgage over the shares or, at the very
least, to couple Lioncap Global’s existing charge with control of the shares.
Further, that remained the case all the way up to the time CIMB Indonesia
instructed the defendant to transfer the shares to Lioncap Global and the
defendant received the shares for Lioncap Global. Therefore, if the defendant
had indeed made inquiries with Lioncap Global and CIMB Indonesia, as the
plaintiff submits it ought to have done to discharge its duty of care, I am
satisfied that the plaintiff would have confirmed to the CIMB Indonesia that
it intended to cede control of the shares to Lioncap Global. At best, the
plaintiff would have bargained with Lioncap Global for greater contractual
protection of its beneficial interest in the shares despite ceding control of
them. But that protection would have been completely ineffective against a
dishonest chargee like Lioncap Global once control was factually ceded. And,
so Lioncap Global would still have been in a position to misappropriate the
shares. The factual cause of the plaintiff’s loss is therefore its own
decision to cede control of the shares to Lioncap Global with measures which
were ineffective in equity to retain its beneficial interest in the shares.

137 For these reasons, the plaintiff’s claim in negligence fails. The
plaintiff has failed to establish both the existence of a duty of care and the
element of causation.

The second tranche of 21m shares

The undisputed facts

138 The following facts are not in dispute or not seriously disputed in
relation to the plaintiff’s claim for the 21m shares.

139 In May 2017, the plaintiff and Lioncap entered into negotiations about a
further loan facility of US$25m. The loan was once again to be secured by a
charge over shares which the plaintiff owned in Cabbeen. As a condition of
continuing the negotiations, Lioncap Global asked the plaintiff to open a
brokerage account with the defendant and to deposit 21m shares into the
account.

140 In early July 2017, the plaintiff opened the account with the defendant as
Lioncap Global had asked. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DCS para 306.

In late July 2017, the plaintiff transferred 21m shares into this account,
again as Lioncap Global had asked. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

SOC A2 paras 43 to 44.

141 Lioncap Global immediately instructed the defendant to transfer the 21m
shares out of the plaintiff’s account with the defendant to Lioncap Global’s
account with the defendant. In early August 2017, the defendant carried out
this transfer. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

SOC A2 para 46.

Neither Mr Ng nor Mr Yang gave the defendant specific authority to transfer
these 21m shares to Lioncap Global at or about the time of the transfer. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

SOC A2 para 45.

Apart from 2.26m shares out of these 21m shares which Lioncap Global has
returned to the plaintiff, this tranche of 21m shares has proven
irrecoverable. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

SOC A2 para 51.

The plaintiff’s case

142 The plaintiff’s case against the defendant is as follows. Lioncap Global
had no authority from the plaintiff to instruct the defendant to transfer the
21m shares to Lioncap Global. During the account opening process, the
plaintiff authorised only Mr Yang and Mr Ng to operate its account with the
defendant. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

SOC A2 para 48.

Neither of them authorised the transfer of the shares. In the alternative, the
defendant owed the plaintiff, as its customer, a duty of care not to carry out
transfer instructions when there are reasonable grounds for believing that the
instructions are an attempt to misappropriate its customer’s shares. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

SOC A2 paras 59, 60(g).

143 The plaintiff’s claim in contract against the defendant in respect of the
21m shares fails for two reasons.

144 First, I find that Lioncap Global did have the plaintiff’s actual
authority to operate the plaintiff’s account with the defendant. It was part
of the plaintiff’s pleaded case in the Hong Kong action that Lioncap Global
was authorised to operate the plaintiff’s account with the defendant without
the plaintiff’s consent or cooperation: 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

7 AB 3718.

[The plaintiff’s account with the defendant] may only be operated, and the
[21m shares] may only be dealt with, either (1) by way of joint instructions
and/or authorisation from both [the plaintiff] and [Lioncap Global] or (2) by
way of instructions given by [Lioncap Global] alone.

145 Mr Ng verified the accuracy of this pleading, as is customary in Hong
Kong. He also confirmed this critical point in three different paragraphs of
his affirmation filed in the Hong Kong action. In the first of those
paragraphs, he said: 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

7 AB 3806.

Given that the [21m shares] were deposited into [the plaintiff’s] account with
[the defendant] on the understanding that [the further loan facility
agreements] would be executed and signed, [the plaintiff’s account with the
defendant], whilst technically under the sole name of [the plaintiff], could
only be operated either (1) by way of joint instructions and/or joint
authorisation from both [the plaintiff] and Lioncap Global or (2) by way of
instructions given by Lioncap Global alone.

[emphasis original]

146 This is an admission by the plaintiff, as it goes directly against its
interest. Mr Ng offered no convincing explanation in cross-examination for the
contents of his earlier affirmation in the Hong Kong action. His explanation
appeared to be that he meant only that the plaintiff could not have operated
the account alone, ie, without Lioncap Global’s consent. But that is not what
the pleadings and Mr Ng’s affirmation expressly and repeatedly say. Further,
in giving this explanation, Mr Ng accepted that the plaintiff’s account with
the defendant was under Lioncap Global’s de facto control.

147 Second, the plaintiff found out in September 2017 that Lioncap Global had
instructed the defendant to transfer the 21m shares out of the plaintiff’s
account with the defendant to Lioncap Global’s account with the defendant.
Yet, the plaintiff did not immediately complain about the defendant having
breached its contract with the plaintiff by acting on Lioncap Global’s
instructions to transfer the shares out. It was only when the plaintiff faced
difficulty in recovering shares from Lioncap Global that the plaintiff
alleged, for the first time, that the defendant may have been at fault. Even
then, it did not identify acting on Lioncap Global’s instructions as the basis
of the fault.

148 This conduct has a contractual consequence. There is a conclusive evidence
clause in the terms and conditions governing the plaintiff’s account with the
defendant:

2C. Statements and Confirmations

The [plaintiff] shall verify all statements and confirmations sent by [the
defendant] to the [plaintiff]. If no objection is raised in writing by the
[plaintiff] within 7 Business Days of the date of such statements and
confirmations, such statements and confirmations shall be deemed conclusive
and binding against the [plaintiff], who shall not be entitled to object
thereto. However, [the defendant] may at any time rectify any error or correct
any omission on any entry, statement or confirmation.

149 In the absence of the bank’s own fraud, a bank may rely on a conclusive
evidence clause in its contract with its customer even if the bank has acted
on an instruction without the customer’s authority: Tjoa Elis v United
Overseas Bank Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 747 (“Tjoa Elis”); Telemedia Pacific Group
Ltd v Credit Agricole (Suisse) SA [2015] 1 SLR 338 (“Telemedia”); Jiang Ou v
EFG Bank AG [2011] 4 SLR 246. This is so even if the bank is in breach of
contract or failed to exercise reasonable case: Tjoa Elis at [97]–[99] and
[110]. This is so even if the bank fails to heed alarm bells in acting on the
instruction: Pertamina Energy Trading Limited v Credit Suisse [2006] 4 SLR(R)
273 (“Pertamina”) at [1]. Conclusive evidence clauses are a reasonable risk
allocation device where the customer is a commercial entity: Pertamina at
[60]–[61].

150 I accept the defendant’s submission that these principles apply not only
to banks but to regulated financial institutions such as the defendant.

151 As the defendant points out, the plaintiff’s case against the defendant
does not allege that the defendant acted fraudulently in dealing with the 21m
shares on Lioncap Global’s instructions. The plaintiff’s case against the
defendant is only that Lioncap Global deceived the defendant into transferring
the 21m shares and that Lioncap Global could and should have detected and
avoided the deception by exercising reasonable care. Clause 2C therefore prima
facie applies in the defendant’s favour.

152 I find that cl 2C operates to preclude the plaintiff from now alleging
that the defendant transferred the 21m shares to Lioncap Global’s account
without the plaintiff’s authority. On 20 August 2017 the plaintiff received
two transfer notes from the defendant. One was dated 31 July 2017 and recorded
that the defendant had transferred the 21m shares into the plaintiff’s account
with the defendant. The other was dated 3 August 2017 and recorded that the
defendant had transferred the 21m shares out of the plaintiff’s account with
the defendant. On 4 September 2017, a member of the plaintiff’s administrative
staff checked the online statements for the plaintiff’s account with the
defendant. She discovered that the 21m shares had been transferred out of the
account.

153 This account was opened only for the purpose of receiving the 21m shares
and demonstrating the plaintiff’s good faith to Lioncap Global. The plaintiff
could therefore not have failed to notice that the 21m shares were no longer
in the account. It had every opportunity to raise the alarm immediately. Mr
Ng’s explanation in cross-examination for not raising the alarm immediately is
that these documents did not show to whom the 21m shares had been transferred.
That is a non sequitur. As the defendant points out, the key point is that the
shares were missing in circumstances where neither Mr Ng nor Mr Yang had given
any instructions for the shares to be transferred out. To whom they had been
transferred was quite irrelevant, if indeed only Mr Yang and Mr Ng had the
authority to instruct a transfer.

154 The plaintiff did not raise any objection with the defendant within the
time limit stipulated in cl 2C. I therefore accept the defendant’s submission
that cl 2C operates contractually to preclude the plaintiff from now asserting
that the defendant transferred the 21m shares out of the plaintiff’s account
with the defendant in breach of contract.

Conclusion

155 For all of these reasons, I dismiss the plaintiff’s action in its
entirety.

156 The only remaining matter to deal with are the costs of the action. I now
invite each party to ascertain the other party’s position on costs and to
reach an agreement on costs as far as possible. To the extent that no
agreement can be reached, the parties are to file and serve, within three
weeks of the date on which this judgment is handed down, written submissions
on costs not exceeding 5,000 words (excluding title page and footnotes).

157 Each party’s written submissions should address: (a) who should pay and
who should receive the costs of this action, or any part thereof; (b) whether
those costs should be awarded on the standard basis or the indemnity basis;
(c) whether those costs should be taxed or fixed; and (d) in the latter event,
the quantum of those costs.

158 Further, each party is to justify its submissions on the quantum of costs
by reference to: (a) the costs schedules which have been filed, including the
costs schedule filed by that party itself; (b) the applicable costs guidelines
in Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice Directions entitled “Guidelines
for Party-and-Party Costs Awards in the Supreme Court of Singapore”; (c) any
formal offers to settle or offers of compromise made without prejudice save as
to costs which carry costs consequences; and (d) any taxation precedents which
may be comparable and relevant. The written submissions should also address
any interlocutory matters for which costs were not fixed but were ordered
instead to be in the cause, to be reserved or to be a particular party’s costs
in any event.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Foo Yuet Min, Adwyn Chuang, Wilson Koh, Tan Yi Fan and Emmanuel Aw (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;

Vincent Leow, Melissa Mak and Nicholas Kam (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 08 Dec 2023 (18:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

