Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 320

Suit No 639 of 2021

Between

| Rasalingam Letchumee  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| 1\. The Estate of the Late Jaganathan Rajendaran, Deceased2\. Shankar s/o
Rajendran  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

Counterclaim

Between

| 1\. The Estate of the Late Jaganathan Rajendaran, Deceased2\. Shankar s/o
Rajendran  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs in Counterclaim

And

| Rasalingam Letchumee  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

JUDGMENT

[Probate and Administration — Intestate succession]

[Probate and Administration — Distribution of assets]

[Equity — Estoppel — Proprietary estoppel]

[Personal Property — Passing of property]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rasalingam Letchumee

  
v

  

The estate of the late Jaganathan Rajendaran, deceased and another

[2022] SGHC 320

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 639 of 2021  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
31 August, 1–2 September, 17 October 2022

30 December 2022

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This dispute arose over the parties’ claims to assets left behind by the
Deceased, who had died intestate. The plaintiff brings a claim in proprietary
estoppel for the Deceased’s HDB flat and for monies in the Deceased’s bank
accounts. The defendants bring a counterclaim in unjust enrichment for monies
in the Deceased’s bank account, which they allege had been withdrawn and
transferred to the plaintiff without the necessary authorisation by the
administrator of the Deceased’s estate.

Background

Dramatis personae

2 The plaintiff, Rasalingam Letchumee (“Mdm Rasalingam”), is the mother of
Jaganathan Rajendaran (the “Deceased”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1; Defence and Counterclaim (“DCC”) at para
2.

3 The first defendant is the sole administrator of the estate of the Deceased.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 4; DCC at para 4.

The second defendant, Shankar s/o Rajendran (“Mr Shankar”), is the Deceased’s
only son, and Mdm Rasalingam’s grandson. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 2; DCC at para 3.

The Tanjong Pagar flat

4 The Tanjong Pagar flat had initially been the matrimonial home of the
Deceased and his ex-wife. They were married on 2 March 1987 and their son, Mr
Shankar, was born in 1996. The ex-wife had left the flat with Mr Shankar in
around 1997 or 1998. The Deceased commenced divorce proceedings in 2002 and
the divorce was finalised on 30 January 2004. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 6, DCC at para 6; Shankar s/o Rajendran’s AEIC at para 6;
Rasalingam Letchumee’s AEIC at paras 10–11.

5 Pursuant to an order of court made in the divorce proceedings, the
Deceased’s ex-wife transferred her interest in the flat to the Deceased. The
transfer was registered on 18 April 2005. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DCC at para 19.

It is undisputed that for the rest of his lifetime, the Deceased was the sole
owner of the Tanjong Pagar flat.

Passing of the Deceased

6 The Deceased was involved in a traffic accident on the night of 30 July
2019. He was brought to hospital. His sisters, Malaveli d/o Jaganathan (“Ms
Malaveli”) and Maanvili d/o Jaganathan (“Ms Maanvili”) were informed of the
accident on around 10pm the same night. Ms Malaveli, Ms Maanvili, the
Deceased’s friend, K P Luthesamy (“Mr Luthesamy”) and Mr Luthesamy’s wife
arrived at the hospital at 11.00pm. The Deceased was then brought for surgery.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 p 38 ln 18 to p 43 ln 14.

His death was certified at 2.18a.m. on 31 July 2019. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 3; DCC at para 4; Agreed Bundle at p 7.

It is undisputed that the Deceased had died intestate.

7 In or about early August 2019, Mr Shankar was alerted by his maternal
relatives to his father’s obituary notice. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Shankar s/o Rajendran’s AEIC at para 9.

He subsequently applied through his lawyers, PKWA Law Practice LLC, for a
Grant of Letters of Administration in relation to the Deceased’s estate. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Shankar s/o Rajendran’s AEIC at para 13.

This Grant of Letters of Administration was issued on 10 September 2020. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Shankar s/o Rajendran’s AEIC at para 18 and pp 59–65.

8 As part of Mr Shankar’s application for the Grant of Letters of
Administration, a Schedule of Assets was filed on 31 August 2020. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Shankar s/o Rajendran’s AEIC at para 13.

According to the Schedule of Assets, the Deceased’s assets at the time of his
passing comprised: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Shankar s/o Rajendran’s AEIC at p 64.

(a) The Tanjong Pagar flat valued at S$450,000.00;

(b) A POSB Passbook Savings account with an account balance of S$120,822.36
(the “POSB account”);

(c) An OCBC Current Account with an account balance of S$55,514.51 (the “OCBC
account”);

(d) A Citiport Credit Co-operative Limited account, with a Subscription
account balance of S$50,480 and a funeral grant of S$2,000; and

(e) Group Term Insurance of S$46,296 and the Deceased’s last salary of
S$3,363.20 from the Deceased’s employer, PSA Corporation Ltd.

Mr Shankar has provided letters from DBS Bank and OCBC Bank to PKWA Law
Practice LLC, stating that the balances in the POSB account and OCBC account
were S$120,822.36 and S$55,514.51 respectively as of 31 July 2019. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Shankar s/o Rajendran’s AEIC at para 19 and pp 67–68.

Parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

9 Mdm Rasalingam seeks a declaration that she is entitled to the Tanjong Pagar
flat or the sale proceeds thereof, and a declaration that she is entitled to
all other assets of the Deceased (the “Other Assets”) at the time of his
death. In the alternative, she seeks for damages to be assessed. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 14.

10 Mdm Rasalingam’s claims to both the Tanjong Pagar Flat and the Other Assets
are founded on the doctrine of proprietary estoppel. Her position is that
after the Deceased’s divorce was finalised, he invited her, Ms Maanvili and Ms
Malaveli to move into the Tanjong Pagar flat and reside with him. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 8.

Since mid-2005, the Deceased had repeatedly represented to Mdm Rasalingam that
he would give the flat or any proceeds from the sale of the flat to her if he
should pre-decease her. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 9.

In reliance on the Deceased’s representations, Mdm Rasalingam treated the
Tanjong Pagar Flat as her home, expended money to renovate and improve the
flat, looked after the Deceased, handled household chores and paid for
household expenses. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at para 10.

Mdm Rasalingam hence avers that as she had relied and acted on the Deceased’s
representations, it would be unconscionable for her to be deprived of the
flat. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at para 11.

11 As for the Other Assets, Mdm Rasalingam’s position is that the Deceased had
also repeatedly represented to her from on or around mid-2005 that he would
give the Other Assets to her should he pre-decease her. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at para 12.

In reliance on these representations, Mdm Rasalingam expended money on
household expenses and buying groceries for the Deceased and on renovating and
improving the flat, such that it would be unconscionable for her to be
deprived of the Other Assets. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at paras 13–14.

The defendants’ case

12 The defendants deny that any representations were made regarding the
Tanjong Pagar flat or the Other Assets. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCC at paras 10 and 13.

They also aver that even if the representations had been made to Mdm
Rasalingam, her daughters or Mr Luthesamy, Mdm Rasalingam had not suffered any
detrimental reliance in respect of these representations. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DCC at paras 11–12 and 14.

13 The defendants’ position is that as the Deceased had died intestate, Mr
Shankar is the sole beneficiary of the Deceased’s estate by operation of the
Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 2013 Rev Ed) (“Intestate Succession Act”).
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DCC at para 18.

14 The defendants also aver that at the time of the Deceased’s passing, there
was S$120,822.36 in his POSB account and S$55,514.51 in his OCBC account. On
or about September or October 2020, Ms Shankar discovered that there was only
S$1,762.28 in the POSB account and S$466.50 in the OCBC account. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DCC at para 21.

The defendants plead that Mdm Rasalingam or her daughters had made withdrawals
of monies (the “Withdrawals”) from the POSB account and the OCBC account,
which had not been authorised by Mr Shankar in his capacity as Administrator
of the Deceased’s estate. As a result, Mdm Rasalingam has been unjustly
enriched by the Withdrawals. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DCC at paras 22–24.

15 The defendants hence bring a counterclaim for:

(a) The sum of S$181,608.01; or

(b) Alternatively, that Mdm Rasalingam account to the Deceased’s estate the
sums withdrawn from the Deceased’s bank accounts from the Deceased’s passing
to date; or

(c) Further/alternatively, damages to be assessed. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DCC at p 10.

Procedural History

Originating Summons 67 of 2021

16 This suit was initially begun as an action by Originating Summons 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See Originating Summons for HC/OS 67/2021 filed 25 January 2021.

(“OS 67”). On 16 April 2021, the defendants applied for OS 67 to be converted
to a writ. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See summons no 1756 of 2021 filed 16 April 2021.

On 23 July 2021, it was ordered by consent that OS 67 be converted to a writ
action. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See HC/ORC 4169/2021.

17 On 21 May 2021, the defendants applied for Mdm Rasalingam’s claim under OS
67 to be struck out. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See summons no 2371 of 2021 filed 21 May 2021.

This application was granted on 24 June 2021. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See HC/ORC 3580/2021.

Mdm Rasalingam appealed on 25 June 2021 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See Notice of Appeal for HC/RA 168/2021 filed 25 June 2021.

and her appeal was allowed. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See HC/ORC 4031/2021.

Injunctions in relation to the Tanjong Pagar flat

18 An injunction was granted on 8 April 2021 pursuant to Mdm Rasalingam’s
application under summons no 1533 of 2021 for the defendants to be restrained
from evicting Mdm Rasalingam and her daughters or disposing of their personal
effects and belongings from the Tanjong Pagar flat, pending the trial or
determination of this action or until further order, with liberty to the
defendants to apply to set it aside on an urgent basis. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See HC/ORC 1975/2021.

19 On 22 July 2022, the defendants applied under summons no 2731 of 2022 for
the injunction under summons no 1533 of 2021 be set aside, and for an
injunction for Mdm Rasalingam and her daughters to remove all their personal
effects and belongings from and to vacate the Tanjong Pagar flat. The
defendants also sought for the removal of a caveat lodged by Mdm Rasalingam in
respect of the Tanjong Pagar flat. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See summons no 2731 of 2022 filed 22 July 2022.

20 The defendants submitted that monetary compensation would suffice if Mdm
Rasalingam should succeed on her claims and that she would not be prejudiced
by the orders sought for. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for summons no 2731 of 2022 dated 30 August
2022 at paras 36–37.

On the other hand, the defendants would be seriously prejudiced if Mdm
Rasalingam were to continue occupying the flat as she had been conducting
hazardous activities at the Tanjong Pagar flat and had caused damage to the
flat. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for summons no 2731 of 2022 dated 30 August
2022 at para 38.

They also submitted that Mdm Rasalingam did not have a valid caveatable
interest in the flat. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for summons no 2731 of 2022 dated 30 August
2022 at para 42.

21 I heard parties on this application on the first day of trial. At trial,
counsel for the defendants submitted that there was a measure of urgency to
this application as letters had been sent by the authorities on possible fire
hazards in the flat and officers had stated that they wished to inspect the
premises. As the immediate matter at hand was the possible fire hazards in the
Tanjong Pagar flat, I ordered Mdm Rasalingam to be present at the premises on
the dates and times that the SCDF and HDB arranged to inspect the premises. I
also ordered Mdm Rasalingam to give access to the premises to the SCDF and HDB
officers and to comply with all directions of the SCDF and HDB given in the
course of those inspections.

Change of plaintiff’s solicitors

22 The plaintiff’s original solicitor, Mr Yeo Yao Hui, Charles, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See affidavit of Yeo Yao Hui, Charles dated 21 July 2022.

left the country and became uncontactable since August 2022. Mdm Rasalingam’s
present solicitor was instructed on the matter on 9 August 2022. In view of
the circumstances of the case, I allowed Mdm Rasalingam’s application for an
extension of time to file her affidavit of evidence-in-chief. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See summons for extension of time for summons no 2778 of 2022 filed 22 July
2022; HC/ORC 4085/2022.

Issues

23 This suit boils down to three issues:

(a) Whether Mdm Rasalingam had a valid claim to the Tanjong Pagar flat.

(b) Whether Mdm Rasalingam had a valid claim to the Other Assets.

(c) Whether the defendants could establish that Mdm Rasalingam had been
unjustly enriched by the Withdrawals from the OCBC and POSB accounts.

The Tanjong Pagar flat

The law on proprietary estoppel

24 In order to establish a claim in proprietary estoppel, it must be shown
that: (a) a representation or an assurance was made that the claimant would
have an interest in the property, and that (b) in reliance on this
representation, (c) the claimant had suffered a detriment (Geok Hong Co Pte
Ltd v Koh Ai Gek and others [2019] 1 SLR 908 at [94]; Sumoi Paramesvaeri v
Fleury, Jeffrey Gerard and another [2016] 5 SLR 302 (“Sumoi”) at [69]; Ong
Chai Koon and others v Ong Chai Soon [2021] SGHC 76 (“Ong Chai Koon”) at
[166]).

On representation

25 The plaintiff must establish that the defendant had made a representation,
express or implied, through words or conduct that the claimants had a
share/interest in the property in question (Ong Chai Koon at [167]). There is
no legal requirement for a representor to have intended for the
representations to be acted upon, and purely oral promises would suffice
(Letchimy d/o Palanisamy Nadasan Majeed (alias Khadijah Nadasan) v Maha Devi
d/o Palanisamy Nadasan (administrator of the estate of Devi d/o Gurasamy,
deceased [2021] 1 SLR 970 at [15]–[16]). Conduct, including silence, or
acquiescence can amount to an implied representation. (Ong Chai Koon at [167];
Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R)
292 (“Hong Leong”) at [194] and [197]). The representee is a person to whom a
representation is made whether directly or through an agent or an intermediary
and includes a person to whose notice the representation was intended to and
did come, such intention being express or inferred (Hong Leong at [205]).

On reliance

26 There must be a sufficient link between the promise and the conduct, ie,
the reliance must be on a statement which a reasonable person would have
understood to be taken seriously and acted upon (Sumoi at [73], citing Thorner
v Major [2009] 1 WLR 776). For there to be detrimental reliance, the party
must act in a manner to give effect to, or at least be related to, the
representation made Ong Chai Koon at [174]). Once the claimant establishes the
relevant representation and a change of position which is capable of causal
relation to it, the burden shifts to the other party to establish that the
claimant did not rely on the representation (Hong Leong at [208]).

On detriment

27 Detriment is considered at the time when the promisor attempts to resile
from his stated position and refers to the detriment or harm which would
result from the change of position (Sumoi at [77]).

Overarching inquiry of unconscionability

28 The overarching inquiry for proprietary estoppel is whether it would be
unconscionable for the court not to raise the estoppel. This inquiry is
undertaken within the framework of the above three elements. These three
elements are directed at showing that something for which the defendant is
responsible has caused or contributed to the plaintiff adopting a certain
course of action such that it would be unconscionable to permit the defendant
to act in accordance with his strict legal rights and indifferent to the
plaintiff’s plight (Hong Leong at [191]–[192]).

Interaction with the Intestate Succession Act

29 Preliminarily, I note that counsel for both Mdm Rasalingam and the
defendants have sought to articulate the interaction between the Intestate Act
and the doctrine of proprietary estoppel. Both counsel are incorrect in
different ways. Counsel for the defendants submits that Mdm Rasalingam’s
claims are a backdoor attempt to legitimise an oral will which would be
legally invalid. This conflates the doctrine of proprietary estoppel with the
issue of formality of wills. Counsel for Mdm Rasalingam in turn suggests that
equity demands that her grandson is not the most fitting recipient as his
entitlement springs from the “raw workings of the Law – the fearful [Intestate
Succession Act] which … throws to the wind emotional and moral inklings” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS at para 37.

and seeks to rely on the case of R v Lucas [1981] QB 720 (“R v Lucas”). I do
not see how this authority can be relevant by any stretch of the imagination
as R v Lucas pertains to when a lying statement can amount to corroboration of
other evidence against an accused person. Neither can the rules of equity be
applied in an unprincipled fashion.

30 The correct reading is that the common law equitable remedy of proprietary
estoppel cannot override the Intestate Succession Act, but a claim founded on
proprietary estoppel can be a legitimate course of action against the
Deceased’s estate (Letchimy d/o Palanisamy Nadasan Majeed (alias Khadijah
Nadasan) v Maha Devi d/o Palanisamy Nadasan (administrator of the estate of
Devi d/o Gurusamy, deceased) [2020] SGHC 132 at [13]–[14]; Low Heng Leon Andy
v Low Kian Beng Lawrence  (administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng,
deceased) [2013] 3 SLR 710 at [43]–[44]). What this means for the present
dispute is that if I find that Mdm Rasalingam succeeds on any of her heads of
claim, the assets or amounts granted in her favour would constitute a debt
which Mr Shankar as estate administrator should settle as part of the probate
process.

Parties’ Submissions

31 Counsel for Mdm Rasalingam relies on the doctrine of proprietary estoppel
to submit that it would be unconscionable for Mdm Rasalingam to be denied the
full benefit of the Deceased’s promise that his flat and wealth would be hers
if he predeceased her. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 37.

32 Counsel for the defendants contend that there was no representation,
assurance or promise made 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 56.

– specifically, that the Deceased’s conduct in not making a will suggests that
he did not intend to give the Tanjong Pagar flat to Mdm Rasalingam 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCS at paras 70 and 72.

and that Mdm Rasalingam’s recount of the representations is sketchy and
unspecific. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DCS at para 73.

33 The defendants further submit that even if there was a valid representation
made by the Deceased, Mdm Rasalingam did not exhibit detrimental reliance on
these representations. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DCS at para 74.

Rather, her acts of looking after the Deceased, handling household chores and
moving into the flat were done out of love and concern for the Deceased. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DCS at paras 84–87.

Also, while Mdm Rasalingam initially suggested that she had paid monthly
instalments for the flat, the flat had been fully paid up at the point of its
transfer to the Deceased, the Deceased was a man of means who often paid for
the groceries and it was undisputed that the Deceased had paid utility bills
and town council payments. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DCS at paras 89, 93–96.

As for Mdm Rasalingam’s pleaded position that she had paid S$25,000 for
repairs and renovations to the flat, the defendants submit that this is
unsupported by documentary evidence 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCS at para 102.

and that the plaintiff’s witnesses were unable to give consistent evidence of
the particulars of these renovation and repair works. They also submit that
the claim of S$25,000 had been raised only after OS 67 was struck out and
constituted new evidence belatedly introduced to cure deficiencies in her
case. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS at paras 101–126.

The defendants further submit that in any event, the expenditure of the
S$25,000 would not constitute a detriment to Mdm Rasalingam as she would have
expended it for her own and Ms Maanvili’s benefit. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DCS at paras 130–133, 143.

Whether representations were made by the Deceased

34 I am of the view that the Deceased, more likely than not, had represented
to Mdm Rasalingam that the Tanjong Pagar flat would belong to her should he
predecease her. That being said, in coming to this conclusion, I am mindful
that several evidential difficulties exist with respect to the issue of
whether these representations had been made. Mr Shankar, having not been in
touch with the Deceased and his paternal relatives prior to the Deceased’s
passing, would not have been privy to the alleged representations and could
not be expected to provide evidence that directly contradicts Mdm Rasalingam’s
version of events. That, however, did not mean that Mdm Rasalingam’s version
of events should be taken at face value; neither was it necessary for me to do
so. I considered the following factors to ascertain whether Mdm Rasalingam has
successfully established that the Deceased had made the relevant
representations.

35 First, the witnesses called by Mdm Rasalingam were consistent in their
evidence that multiple representations had been made. While it is true (as
counsel for the defendants highlight) that details of the representations were
lacking in Mdm Rasalingam’s evidence, counsel for the defendants unfortunately
did not seek to elicit specific details on the representations – such as what
was said, when these statements were made, et cetera, when Mdm Rasalingam, Ms
Maanvili, Ms Malaveli and Mr Luthesamy were on the witness stand. Counsel for
the defendants hence did not manage to shake Mdm Rasalingam’s factual claim
when cross-examining the plaintiff’s witnesses. This, coupled with the fact
that Mdm Rasalingam is of advanced age and the representations were allegedly
made on multiple occasions over numerous years, suggests that on the evidence
available, Mdm Rasalingam has established on a balance of probabilities that
the Deceased did represent that she would own the flat if he should die before
her.

36 Second, the Deceased’s conduct in his lifetime did not suggest that he had
no intention of passing the flat on to Mdm Rasalingam. Counsel for the
defendants point specifically to the fact that the Deceased had not made a
will. I am unpersuaded by this argument. If the Deceased had made a will, this
dispute would not have arisen in the first place; counsel’s argument is
against the entire doctrine of proprietary estoppel rather than the Deceased’s
intent to give the flat to his mother.

37 By way of an aside, I note the oddity of an able-bodied son making such
representations to his aged mother. However, I did not think this conclusive.
The Deceased and Mdm Rasalingam appeared to have been close and Mdm Rasalingam
had offered much support to him after his divorce. Moreover, Mdm Rasalingam
pleaded that the Deceased had made these representations from mid-2005 to
2019, ie, from his late forties to early sixties. It is not improbable that
the Deceased would, at that stage in his life, have contemplated to whom he
would want his flat to go to in the event of his passing.

38 As such, on the evidence available, it appears on a balance of
probabilities that the Deceased would have made these representations.

Whether Mdm Rasalingam relied on the representations to her detriment

Household expenses

39 Counsel for the defendants submit that the Deceased had been in charge of
purchasing groceries and of paying utility bills and town council payments. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS at paras 93–94.

As it is undisputed that the utility bills and town council payments were paid
for by the Deceased, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 45 ln 31 to p 46 ln 5.

I will deal only with the grocery payments.

40 Mdm Rasalingam’s evidence was that their expenses are “not really that
much” and that while the Deceased did buy items from the market or
supermarket, she would also buy items sometimes as she did not wish to trouble
him. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 p 85 ln 22 to ln 31.

Mdm Rasalingam also stated that she would pay expenses for her son due to
their familial relationship. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 35 ln 13 to ln 16.

When questioned on the household expenses borne by Mdm Rasalingam, Ms Maanvili
stated that the expenses were for items such as a “mat” which would be changed
every two years, “pillowcases”, “laundry” and “whatever is needed by a lady …
for the maintenance of the house”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 at p 21 ln 24 to ln 32.

On the limited evidence available, it appears the Deceased and Mdm Rasalingam
had likely paid for groceries as and when it was convenient and necessary for
them. Moreover, these expenses (at least in part) were for Mdm Rasalingam and
Ms Maanvili’s benefit. Any household expenses borne by Mdm Rasalingam hence
cannot be considered a detriment suffered in reliance on the representations
made.

Moving into the Tanjong Pagar flat to stay with the deceased

41 While I think it believable that Mdm Rasalingam had stayed in the Tanjong
Pagar flat as her son was lonely post-divorce, the evidence does not suggest
that this was detrimental reliance. Counsel for Mdm Rasalingam submits that
Mdm Rasalingam had “practically abandoned her home back in Jurong East” 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PCS at para 37.

and suggests that she had given her own apartment in Jurong East to her
children. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS at para 19.

The evidence does not give rise to such a bold inference. Mdm Rasalingam’s
evidence was that another son of hers is presently residing at her flat in
Jurong East, that Ms Malaveli would sometimes stay at the Jurong East flat and
that she had willed the flat to Ms Malaveli. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 27 ln 9 to ln 25; p 30 ln 6 to ln 8;
Transcript of 1 September 2022 p 2 ln 13 to ln 16.

In my view, allowing her children to reside at her flat in Jurong East and
making arrangements for the same flat in her will do not constitute giving up
the flat in Jurong East. In fact, her leaving the Jurong East flat to Ms
Malaveli in her will, and the fact that she could 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 30 ln 11 to ln 14.

and would return to the Jurong East flat when necessary 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 at p 74 ln 5 to ln 8.

suggests that she has continued to behave as the owner of the Jurong East
flat.

42 Rather, I accept the defendants’ submission that she had moved into the
Tanjong Pagar flat out of love and concern for the Deceased and not in
reliance on the representations. This characterisation would be consistent
with Mdm Rasalingam’s repeated evidence that she had moved into the Tanjong
Pagar flat as the Deceased was lonely and unwell.

S$25,000 expended on renovation and repairs to the Tanjong Pagar flat

43 Preliminarily, the defendants submit that the sum expended on repairs and
renovation was not raised by Mdm Rasalingam before OS 67 was struck out and
constitutes new evidence belatedly introduced to cure deficiencies in her
case. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at paras 101–126.

However, given Mdm Rasalingam’s advanced age and her change of solicitor in
the lead-up to the trial, I decline to make any finding on the lateness of the
evidence and whether it weakens her evidence.

44 In any event, I am of the view that the evidence available is insufficient
to establish that Mdm Rasalingam had expended approximately S$25,000 on
renovation and repairs. It is not sufficient for the plaintiff’s witnesses to
simply assert, as they had, that repairs had occurred over the years. Unlike
the oral representations (for which the evidential difficulties are more
understandable), more evidence would have to be adduced to show that on a
balance of probabilities, the renovations and repairs were paid for by Mdm
Rasalingam. There were no photographs tendered of the renovation or repair
works, no consistent or specific breakdown of the sums expended, no mention of
who was contracted to do the works and no evidence of communications between
the Deceased, his sisters, Mdm Rasalingam and/or any contractor about the
renovation works. Mdm Rasalingam herself acknowledged that she could not
recall much about the renovation. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 p 66 ln 11 to ln 14; p 67 ln 11 to ln 25; p 91 ln
14 to ln 17.

There is hence insufficient evidence to support Mdm Rasalingam’s claim that
she had paid for the renovations and repairs to the Tanjong Pagar flat.

45 Therefore, I find that Mdm Rasalingam has not succeeded in making out her
claim in proprietary estoppel. By operation of the Intestate Succession Act,
Mr Shankar is the sole beneficial owner of the Tanjong Pagar flat.

The Other Assets

Parties’ submissions

46 Counsel for Mdm Rasalingam again relies on the doctrine of proprietary
estoppel to suggest that “all [the Deceased’s] wealth” should be Mdm
Rasalingam’s should he predecease her. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS at paras 36–37.

Counsel for the defendants in turn submit that Mdm Rasalingam failed to
mention the Other Assets or her detrimental reliance on representations
pertaining to the Other Assets in her first affidavit filed in support of OS
67. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at paras 57–59 and 76.

Neither was there any mention of her detrimental reliance on such
representations in the solicitors’ letters sent prior to the commencement of
OS 67. Counsel for the defendants hence suggest that there was no reliance by
Mdm Rasalingam on these representations. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at paras 76–83.

Whether representations were made by the Deceased

47 I am of the view that these representations regarding the Other Assets had
been made. I preface my findings by saying that while Mdm Rasalingam had not
given evidence of representations regarding the Other Assets in her first
affidavit, I note (as stated above at [43]) that Mdm Rasalingam is uneducated,
of advanced age and had gone through an unexpected change of counsel.
Therefore, I would be slow to conclude from this discrepancy that no
representation about the Other Assets was ever made.

48 These alleged representations are supported by the evidence of the
Deceased’s conduct in hospital. To begin with, Mdm Rasalingam has successfully
established that the cards and PIN numbers had been passed to Ms Maanvili when
the Deceased was at the hospital.

49 The parties have differing accounts as to how the cards and PIN numbers
came into the hands of Ms Maanvili. The defendants plead that the Deceased’s
wallet had been passed to Mdm Rasalingam and/or Ms Maanvali for safekeeping by
the police after the Deceased’s passing. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCC at para 24(a).

However, Mr Shankar had not been present at the hospital at the material time
and the only documentary evidence in support of this version of events
furnished by the defendants was a police report made by Mr Shankar in which he
stated: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Shankar s/o Rajendran’s AEIC at pp 187–189.

When my father passed away I am unsure if his belongings were given to his
family. I am unsure where is his belongings at currently and I do not know who
had made the withdrawals.

50 On the other hand, Mdm Rasalingam’s evidence that the PIN number was passed
to one of her daughters 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 p 71 ln 9.

is consistent with Ms Maanvali 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 p 42 ln 15 to ln 25.

and Mr Luthesamy’s evidence that the Deceased had passed his bag containing
his wallet and ATM card to Ms Maanvili in the hospital. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 p 76 ln 22 to p 77 ln 13.

Counsel for the defendants submit that the witnesses have not been credible as
Ms Maanvili and Mr Luthesamy differ in their accounts of the hospital
interactions with the Deceased – specifically, whether the Deceased had
gesticulated or communicated verbally. According to Ms Maanvili, the Deceased
had been able to speak. Her evidence was that he had told her to take his
belongings and to pass them to Mdm Rasalingam, and that he had told her his
PIN number and asked her to inform Mdm Rasalingam of the number. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 p 42 ln 5 to ln 22; AEIC of Maanvili d/o
Jaganathan at para 15.

Mr Luthesamy’s evidence was that the Deceased had communicated by way of
gesticulations. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 p 76 ln 12 to p 78 ln 14.

However, as the evidence reflects that the interaction was brief, and as Mr
Luthesamy’s evidence was that only Ms Maanvili had been talking to the
Deceased, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 p 76 ln 4 to ln 6.

I do not find this inconsistency very damaging to their account of events. I
accept that the Deceased had passed the cards and communicated the PIN numbers
to Ms Maanvili, and I find that this conduct reinforces Mdm Rasalingam’s case
that the Deceased had represented that he wished to pass the Other Assets to
her should he predecease her.

Whether Mdm Rasalingam relied on the representations to her detriment

51 However, detrimental reliance has not been made out. The same instances of
detrimental reliance vis-à-vis the Tanjong Pagar flat were pleaded with regard
to the Other Assets, and my reasoning is the same as above (see above at
[39]–[44]). Hence, Mdm Rasalingam’s claim in proprietary estoppel also falls
with respect to the Other Assets, and Mr Shankar remains the sole beneficial
owner of the Other Assets.

The defendants’ counterclaim for the Withdrawals made

52 In their counterclaim, the defendants claim for the sum of S$181,608.01,
which they say was withdrawn from the Deceased’s POSB and OCBC accounts. In
the alternative, they pray that Mdm Rasalingam be ordered to account for the
sums withdrawn from the Deceased’s account from after the Deceased’s passing
to date, and further/alternatively for damages to be assessed. The defendants’
counterclaim relies on the doctrine of unjust enrichment. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCC at para 24.

53 I begin by stating that it is not in dispute that these withdrawals had
been carried out by Ms Maanvili on Mdm Rasalingam’s instructions, and that the
monies withdrawn had been transferred to Mdm Rasalingam. Mdm Rasalingam has
acknowledged that she had instructed Ms Maanvili to withdraw these monies and
that the monies had then been passed to her:

Q Okay. Mdm Letchumee, you confirm that you instructed your daughter Maanvili
to withdraw monies from the deceased’s POSB and OCBC accounts?

A Yes, Your Honour.

…

Q No, did you use the monies that was withdrawn from the deceased’s POSB and
OCBC account towards yourself?

A It’s true that I withdrew from the accounts because it’s my entitlement. He
gave me the entitlement. Yes, and I used it for myself.

Q Okay. thank you. Okay. And just to confirm one last point. These monies were
all withdrawn after the passing of your son, correct?

A Yes, Your Honour. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 p 69 ln 23 to p 70 ln 7.

When shown withdrawals from the OCBC account in August 2019, Mdm Rasalingam
again stated that her daughter had made those withdrawals under her
instructions after the Deceased’s passing. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 p 70 ln 29 to p 71 ln 4.

Ms Maanvili similarly stated that her mother “was the one who told [her] to
withdraw the monies” and that she had done so and passed the monies to Mdm
Rasalingam accordingly. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript of 1 September 2022 p 52 ln 29 to ln 30.

The law on unjust enrichment

54 To make out a cause of action in unjust enrichment, a claimant is to
establish the following elements: (a) that a benefit has been received or an
enrichment has accrued to the defendant; (b) that the benefit or enrichment is
at the claimant’s expense; and (c) that the defendant’s enrichment is
“unjust”. If the three elements are satisfied, the next question would be
whether any defences can be established to the claim: Singapore Swimming Club
v Koh Sin Chong Freddie [2016] 3 SLR 845 (“Singapore Swimming Club”) at [90],
citing Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve [2013] 3 SLR 801. Unjust
enrichment focuses on the claimant’s loss or deprivation and not on the fault
of the recipient. It is hence not based on a general or broad notion of
unconscionability or unjustness, and claimants must demonstrate a positive
reason for restitution and identify specific grounds of restitution which are
legally recognised factors that make the defendant’s enrichment unjust:
Singapore Swimming Club at [92]–[93].

Whether the defendants have made out their counterclaim in unjust enrichment

55 The defendants’ counterclaim in respect of the Withdrawals is solely in
unjust enrichment. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCC at para 24.

The defendants’ submissions, somewhat confusingly, make no express reference
to unjust enrichment and do not cite any authorities on the law of unjust
enrichment. However, as I see no reason to depart from the general rule that
parties be bound by their pleadings (V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate
of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another
[2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [38]), their submissions can only be considered within
the parameters of their pleaded case in unjust enrichment.

56 As stated above at [54], it is for the defendants to identify legally
recognised factors that make Mdm Rasalingam’s enrichment unjust. The
defendants pleaded that:

At all material times, [Mr Shankar], in his capacity as the Administrator of
the Deceased’s estate, did not authorize any persons, including but not
limited to, [Mdm Rasalingam] and [Mdm Rasalingam’s daughters], to withdraw
monies from the Deceased’s POSB Account and/or OCBC Account. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCC at para 23.

57 They have also pleaded that:

At all material times, the withdrawals / transfers were not authorized by [Mr
Shankar] and/or the Deceased (prior to his passing) nor known to [Mr Shankar].
Neither [were] the Unauthorised Withdrawals made in the benefit of [Mr
Shankar], being the sole beneficiary of the Deceased’s estate. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCC at para 24(c).

58 The defendants rely on their assertion that the Withdrawals were made
without Mr Shankar’s authorisation. In Esben Finance Ltd and others v Wong
Hou-Lianq Neil [2022] 1 SLR 136 (“Esben Finance”), the Court of Appeal
considered the question of whether the lack of consent, in and of itself, can
be considered an unjust factor. It held (at [251]–[252]) that:

251 To summarise our views on whether lack of consent ought to be recognised
as an unjust factor justifying restitution on the basis of unjust enrichment:

(a) There is in principle no reason why lack of consent ought not to be
recognised as an unjust factor because to hold otherwise would result in
defendants who have received stolen property or value benefitting from a
windfall.

(b) However, the recognition of lack of consent as an unjust factor cannot be
blanket and uncircumscribed because to do so would result in unacceptable
encroachments on other areas of law, denuding them of their legal
significance. In addition, legally valid transfers of the claimant’s property
or value without his consent, or the retention by the defendant of the
claimant’s property or value to which the defendant is legally entitled cannot
be said to have been unjust.

(c) Thus, an unjust enrichment action on the basis of the unjust factor of
lack of consent would generally not be available where:

(i) The transfer of the property or value in question from the claimant is a
legally valid one;

(ii) The defendant is legally entitled (under a legal principle, rule or
defence to any claim) to retain the property or value which is the subject-
matter of the claim; and

(iii) Where the claimant has any other available cause of action for recovery
of the property or value in question under established areas of law (for
example, the vindication of property rights). This follows from the need to
prevent unjust enrichment from encroaching on or making otiose established
areas of the law or denuding them of much of their legal significance.

252 The principles set out above are sufficient to dispose of the present case
and we need not go further than this for the purposes of this judgment. We
stress that the law of unjust enrichment ought to be developed incrementally
on a case-by-case basis and we thus leave the issues of whether there may be
lack of consent situations in which a claim in unjust enrichment ought to be
allowed, and whether there are other limits to recognising novel unjust
factors, for a future appropriate case, as it is unnecessary for us to decide
these points.

[emphasis in original]

59 In Esben Finance, the appellants were offshore companies which were
principally managed by one Mr Wong Kie Nai. The respondent was his son. Upon
Mr Wong Kie Nai’s death, effective control of the appellants passed to his
brothers. One of Mr Wong Kie Nai’s brothers noticed that the appellants’ bank
accounts were lower than expected and discovered that 50 payments had been
made from these accounts to the respondent’s personal bank account. The
appellants sued the respondent to recover these 50 payments on the basis of
unjust enrichment, dishonest assistance, knowing receipt and unlawful means
conspiracy. For 36 of the payments, the monies used for the payments stemmed
from a practice of coordinated transactions to evade taxes in Malaysia. The
court held that if moneys are transferred from an entity to an intermediary
with the purpose of having the intermediary channel these monies onto an
eventual receiver, there would be no subtraction from the intermediary’s
assets and any enrichment received by the receiver would not be at the
intermediary’s expense. As the role played by the appellants in the practice
of coordinated transactions was akin to that played of such an intermediary,
the moneys for these 36 payments could not be regarded as the appellants’
assets. Rather, both the making of the payments and the wherewithal for making
these payments stemmed from the practice itself. Therefore, the respondent had
not been enriched at the appellants’ expense by the 36 payments (at
[154]–[155]). The remaining 14 payments were found to have been unauthorised,
but as the appellants retained property to the monies, they had a proprietary
claim for the monies which precluded the recognition of an unjust enrichment
claim on the same facts (at [253]).

60 Turning to the present case, I do not think the defendants have
successfully established a lack of consent. Indeed, the evidence is that the
Withdrawals were done in accordance with the Deceased’s express wishes, even
though the money was only withdrawn after his death. Although Mr Shankar did
not authorise it, at the time the monies were withdrawn, he was not yet
appointed the Administrator and therefore not in a position to grant or
withhold consent. I do not think that the circumstances of this case justify a
finding that Mdm Rasalingam had been unjustly enriched. I therefore dismiss
the defendants’ counterclaim.

Conclusion

61 In summary, I find that Mdm Rasalingam has been unsuccessful in her claim
for the Tanjong Pagar flat, and that the defendants have also been
unsuccessful in their counterclaim for the S$181,608.01 withdrawn from the
Deceased’s bank accounts.

62 I will hear parties on costs.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court| |   
---|---|---  
  
Rajwin Singh Sandhu (Rajwin & Yong LLP) (instructed) (S K Kumar Law Practice
LLP) for the plaintiff;

Wang Liansheng and Valerie Goh (Bih Li & Lee LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Dec 2022 (09:51 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

