Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL OF THE republic of singapore

[2022] SGCA 18

Criminal Motion No 6 of 2022

Between

(1)| Roslan bin Bakar  
---|---  
(2)| Pausi bin Jefridin  
(3)| Lawyers for Liberty  
  
… Applicants

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Criminal review — Leave for review]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Roslan bin Bakar and others

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGCA 18

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 6 of 2022  
Judith Prakash JCA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD and Woo Bih Li JAD  
15 February 2022

7 March 2022

Judith Prakash JCA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 On 15 February 2022, we heard and dismissed this application by Roslan bin
Bakar (“the first applicant”), Pausi bin Jefridin (“the second applicant”) and
Lawyers for Liberty (“the third applicant”) for an order that leave be granted
to the applicants to ask this court to review its earlier decisions in CA/CCA
59/2017 (“CCA 59”) and CA/CCA 26/2018 (“CCA 26”) which were given in relation
to the criminal cases against, respectively, the first and second applicants.
The application was made under s 394H of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”).

2 The first and second applicants have been convicted, in separate cases, of
drug trafficking and have been sentenced to death. These sentences were
scheduled to be carried out on Wednesday, 16 February 2022. This application
was filed on the evening of 14 February 2022 in an attempt to set aside the
sentences of death that had been imposed upon them.

3 We heard the application on the afternoon of 15 February 2022 and dismissed
it. In respect of the first and second applicants, we were of the view that
they were not able to meet the requirements for a review set down by s 394H of
the CPC and had no material (whether legal or evidential) with which to do so.
In respect of the third applicant, our judgment was that it had no standing to
be a party to the application and we therefore dismissed the application in
respect of the third applicant as a preliminary matter.

4 We now give our full grounds of decision.

The third applicant

5 The affidavit filed in support of the application was affirmed by one Mr
Charles Yeo (“Mr Yeo”), counsel for the applicants. In his affidavit, Mr Yeo
gave reasons why he considered that it was necessary to review the earlier
decisions of the Court of Appeal in CCA 59 and CCA 26. Those reasons related
entirely to the death penalty imposed on the first and second applicants.
Nothing about the third applicant was mentioned in the affidavit.

6 Shortly before the application was heard, the Public Prosecutor (“PP”), the
respondent herein, filed written submissions in which, amongst other points,
it submitted that the third applicant lacked the standing to be an applicant
in the application. At the commencement of the hearing, we asked Mr Yeo to
inform us who the third applicant is and why the third applicant was entitled
to be party to the application. Mr Yeo told us that the third applicant is a
Malaysian non-governmental organisation which campaigns against the death
penalty. It has also, he said, provided legal assistance to the first and
second applicants. Indeed, he confirmed that the third applicant would be
paying the disbursements incurred by the applicants in these court
proceedings. When we asked him what the interest of the third applicant was in
these proceedings, his only response was that it was interested in assisting
the applicants as it was against the imposition of the death penalty. We were
of the view that such an interest did not qualify the third applicant, or give
it standing, to be a party to an application under s 394H of the CPC.

7 Section 394H of the CPC appears within Div 1B of Part 20 thereof which is
entitled “Review of earlier decision of appellate court”. In line with that
title, the term “review application” is defined in s 394F as meaning “an
application to review an earlier decision of an appellate court”. Section 394G
sets out the conditions for making a review application while s 394H(1)
provides that before making a review application, the applicant must apply to
the appellate court for, and obtain, the leave of that court to do so. The
criminal motion before us was the leave application required by s 394H(1).

8 The term “applicant” is not defined in s 394H, or anywhere else in Div 1B
for that matter. We agreed, however, with the PP’s submission that as a matter
of statutory interpretation, the “applicant” had to be one of the parties to
the decision of the appellate court which the applicant wanted to have
reviewed. As the CPC applies to criminal cases and appeals, that would mean
that the only parties to an application under s 394H would be the PP itself
and the person against whom the original criminal case had been brought.

9 The PP’s submissions set out in detail why what the PP describes as the
“narrow interpretation” (that is, the interpretation that we adopted) should
be favoured over the “broad interpretation”. The broad interpretation would
allow any person who desired a different result in a concluded appeal to be an
applicant in a review application. We agreed with the PP that applying the
framework for purposive statutory interpretation set out in Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 would result in the conclusion that the
context of the provision within the CPC and the purpose of s 394H itself
clearly support the narrow interpretation. The broad interpretation would
allow all and sundry to file review applications and such a wide licence would
go against Parliament’s intention to limit the scope of review (as is clearly
seen from the stringent requirements set out in s 394H itself) and weed out
unmeritorious cases.

10 More generally, it is against the whole purpose and tenor of criminal
proceedings to allow third parties to participate in them. A criminal
proceeding is the prosecution by the State of an alleged offender charged with
breaking its laws. Thus, the parties to any criminal proceeding from the very
start and throughout the whole process can only be the prosecution and the
accused. Other persons may have an interest in the outcome of any particular
case, for example, a victim or a person charged with a similar offence, but
such persons are not and cannot be parties to that case as they are neither
the prosecutor or the accused. Nor does this position change as the case goes
through the various stages from trial to appeal to criminal reference and,
occasionally, criminal review.

11 The principle stated above was applied and re-emphasised recently in
Iskandar bin Rahmat v Public Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 1151. Mr Iskandar, the
applicant there, had been tried and convicted on murder charges. His
subsequent appeal to this court was dismissed. The applicant then filed an
application for leave to intervene in a completely unrelated criminal
proceeding, a criminal appeal in which the appellant one Mr Teo Ghim Heng was,
among other things, challenging his own conviction for murder on
constitutional grounds. The ostensible purpose of the leave application was to
support the constitutional challenges being mounted by Mr Teo. This court had
no hesitation in dismissing Mr Iskandar’s application. It observed at [5] that
litigants, including accused persons, do not have a right to intervene in an
unrelated pending proceeding just because they have a common interest in a
point of law that is being considered in that proceeding. Mr Iskandar had
submitted that the intervention sought was “incidental to or supportive of” Mr
Teo’s appeal but this argument was robustly rejected in the following words at
[21]:

… It could not be said that an application to intervene by an unrelated third
party in order to make additional submissions on a legal issue in another
criminal appeal was so “fundamentally tethered” to that appeal as to affect
the correctness of its outcome. If the Applicant’s argument was taken to its
logical conclusion, any person who has an interest in any legal point that was
being argued in any criminal appeal could make an application for leave to
intervene in that appeal. We rejected that broad and far-reaching proposition
as it was plainly wrong as a matter of principle.

[emphasis added]

12 Accordingly, before we considered the merits of the application proper, we
dismissed it as against the third applicant. Whatever the third applicant’s
interest in the outcome of the application may have been, it had no right to
appear before us as a party thereto.

Background to the application

13 From here onwards, references to the applicants should be understood as
referring only to the first and second applicants.

14 The first and second applicants were each charged with, and claimed trial
to, a capital offence of trafficking in not less than 96.07g of diamorphine
and a non-capital offence of trafficking in not less than 76.37g of
methamphetamine, under s 5(1)(a) read with s 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). They were convicted and sentenced to death on
22 April 2010. Their appeals against conviction and sentence were dismissed on
17 March 2011.

15 Subsequently, following amendments to the MDA which provided a framework
allowing convicted offenders such as the applicants to apply to be re-
sentenced under s 33B of the MDA to either life imprisonment with caning or
life imprisonment alone, the applicants both availed themselves of this
procedure. In June 2016, the first applicant filed a criminal motion to apply
for re-sentencing to life imprisonment on the basis that he was a courier
within the meaning of s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA and that he suffered from an
abnormality of mind that substantially impaired his mental responsibility for
his acts and omissions within the meaning of s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA. The
second applicant made a similar application in July 2016. The applications
were heard together and dismissed in November 2017. The High Court found that
the second applicant was a courier but that the first was not. It further
found that neither the first applicant nor the second applicant suffered from
an abnormality of mind. The applicants then appealed by CCA 59 and CCA 26 to
the Court of Appeal but these appeals were dismissed in September 2018.

16 In late January 2022, the President ordered that the sentences of death
pronounced on the applicants were to be carried into effect on 16 February
2022.

The section 394H application

17 As stated above, this application was filed on the evening of 14 February
2022. The grounds of the application were stated in the affidavit of Mr Yeo.
There, he deposed that the “reasons” why it was necessary to review the
earlier decisions of the appellate court were as follows:

(a) The general principle is that the presence of mental disorder as opposed
to an abnormality of mind per se may operate at any stage of a capital case as
a bar to trial or conviction, the imposition of a death sentence or the
carrying out of a death sentence.

(b) In Pitman v State of Trinidad and Tobago; Hernandez v State of Trinidad
and Tobago [on appeal from the Court of Appeal of Trinidad and Tobago] [2018]
AC 35, the Privy Council confirmed that executing offenders suffering from
substantial mental impairment would violate the constitutional prohibition of
cruel and unusual punishment. Hence, execution of the death sentence imposed
on the applicants would be unconstitutional.

(c) The underlying principle in the common law is firstly that nobody should
be convicted of a capital offence, sentenced to death or executed if they were
suffering from significant mental disorder at the time of the offence. And
secondly, nobody should be sentenced to death or executed if the mental
disorder develops later and is present at the time of either sentence or
execution. As argued by the previous counsel for the first applicant under the
Criminal Motion No 40 of 2016, the first applicant suffered from an
abnormality of mind as his IQ was found to be at 74. The expert’s opinion was
that the first applicant had “limited capacity for judgment, decision-making,
consequential thinking, impulse control and execution, decision-making,
consequential thinking, impulse control and executive function” due to the
underlying cognitive defects.

(d) Even where an offender’s mental illness is only moderately severe, it may
well provide a cogent reason for not imposing the death penalty in a
discretionary sentencing regime. In S v Taanorwa 1987 (1) ZLR 62 (SC), the
Supreme Court of Zimbabwe held that some background of mental disturbance less
than a formally diagnosed mental disorder could provide a reason not to impose
the death penalty.

18 It would be noted that the “reasons” given were in the nature of legal
arguments.

19 Section 394H of the CPC does not state expressly the conditions that an
applicant for leave to make a review application must satisfy in order to be
granted such leave. This question was considered by the Court of Appeal in
Kreetharan s/o Kathireson v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2020] 2 SLR
1175 (“Kreetharan”). The court observed at [17] that the inclusion of a leave
stage appeared to be a codification by Parliament of the observations of the
court in Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 135 that a leave stage
would better balance the rights and interests of all persons who make use of
scarce judicial resources and allow unmeritorious applications to be weeded
out at an early stage. The court in Kreetharan went on to state that the leave
stage would allow only those applications which disclosed a legitimate basis
for the court’s power of review to proceed.

20 The phrase “legitimate basis” in Kreetharan as well as the reference by the
court there to s 394J of the CPC when it was considering whether to allow the
leave application in that case indicates the approach to be taken to such an
application. Section 394J sets out the requirements for exercise of the power
of review under Div 1B. Section 394J(2) states that an applicant in a review
application must satisfy the appellate court that there is “sufficient
material” (being evidence or legal arguments) on which the appellate court may
conclude that there has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter
in respect of which the earlier decision was made. The term “sufficient” in s
394J(2) is elaborated on in s 394J(3) in relation to both types of material
and further in s 394J(4) as well in relation to legal material only. The
material must be either evidence or legal arguments that had not previously
been canvassed and could not, with reasonable diligence, have been adduced in
court earlier. The material must be compelling in that it is capable of
showing almost conclusively that there has been a miscarriage of justice.
Additionally, where the material comprises legal arguments, it must be based
on a change in the law that arose from any decision made by a court after the
conclusion of all proceedings relating to the criminal matter in respect of
which the earlier decision was made (see ss 394J(3) and (4)).

21 It follows from the above that in a leave application under s 394H, the
applicant must be able to show the court that the material it will be relying
on in the review proper is almost certain to satisfy the s 394J requirements.
If the material produced cannot meet this standard, there will be no
legitimate basis on which to grant leave. While the standard may appear to be
set high, it must always be borne in mind that a criminal review proceeding,
which is intended to reopen a final decision of an appellate court after the
applicant has been accorded all due process rights, is an extraordinary
proceeding and can only be initiated in rare and extraordinary circumstances.

22 In the present case, the applicants were seeking leave for the court to
review the decisions in CA 59 and CA 26. These were not the original decisions
relating to the conviction and sentencing of the applicants. They were rather
the decisions that arose from the appeals against the re-sentencing hearings
conducted in 2017. Those appellate decisions were limited to considering the
specific issue of whether the applicants ought to be re-sentenced in
accordance with s 33B of the MDA. It is worth emphasising that at the re-
sentencing hearings both the applicants produced reports and evidence from
psychologists and psychiatrists in support of their submissions that they each
suffered from an abnormality of mind that impaired their responsibility for
their offences. In the case of the first applicant the evidence tendered
showed him to have an IQ of 74. In the case of the second applicant, his IQ
was assessed as being 67 by his expert, a psychologist who conceded that his
test conditions were less than ideal. At the same hearings, the prosecution
produced its own expert reports and evidence on the issue of the applicants’
intellectual ability. These experts disputed the opinions of the applicants’
experts. After considering all the evidence on the issue, the High Court found
that neither of the applicants suffered from an abnormality of mind that
impaired his responsibility for the offence that he committed. These findings
were upheld by the Court of Appeal in CA 59 and CA 26.

23 Before us, the applicants did not produce any new evidence regarding their
mental states. Mr Yeo’s affidavit, which was the only supporting material
filed in respect of the application, contained no new information on this
matter. Instead, Mr Yeo stated:

Reference will be made at the hearing to refer to the affidavits deposed by
Nagaenthran’s medical experts and the applicants would like to be given equal
opportunity in what [sic] like to be treated with like. To be assessed by
their international experts who are eminently qualified in their forensic
psychiatric fields.

24 The reference to “Nagaenthran’s medical experts” was a reference to the
case involving one Mr Nagaenthran, another convicted drug-trafficker, who has
applied to court for judicial review in respect of his death sentence on the
basis that he should not be executed in view of his alleged intellectual
disabilities. In Mr Nagaenthran’s case, affidavits have been filed by two
foreign medical experts giving their views on his abnormality of mind (albeit
these views did not arise from any direct examination of Mr Nagaenthran). We
should point out that whether these affidavits are in fact admissible in Mr
Nagaenthran’s proceedings has not yet been determined. It would appear that,
as the PP submitted, the applicants here were asking the court to sanction
their being examined by the same experts in the hope that such examination
would end up creating evidence that would benefit them. It was clear from this
that the applicants had no evidential material with which to challenge the
findings of the re-sentencing court or the decision of the Court of Appeal in
relation to their alleged abnormality of mind, bearing in mind that those
decisions were based on the evidence of experts that had been adduced before
the court.

25 We were therefore satisfied that there was no evidential material at all,
much less compelling material, which could found a criminal review of either
CA 59 or CA 26.

26 We then had to consider whether there was any material in the form of legal
arguments that could support a review. We were satisfied that there was no
such material. There was no change in the law that arose from any decision
made by a court after the conclusion of all proceedings relating to CA 59 and
CA 26. This in itself was sufficient for the dismissal of the application.

27 In [17] above, we have recited the “reasons” given by Mr Yeo in his
affidavit as to why it was necessary to review the earlier appellate
decisions. It can be seen that those reasons were based on alleged principles
that assumed that the death penalty was to be carried out on persons who were
subject to “mental disorder” or “substantial impairment” of their mental
facilities. Even if we had accepted that such principles existed as
independent legal bases to impugn the carrying out of the death penalty, they
would not have been available to the applicants because, as a matter of fact,
the applicants have been found to have no mental disorder or substantial
mental impairment. This was the very question at issue in the re-sentencing
proceedings in the High Court because the provisions of s 33B(3)(b) are
designed to relieve an offender who suffers from an abnormality of mind that
impairs his responsibility for his criminal acts from the imposition of the
death penalty.

28 In his oral submissions, Mr Yeo argued that Singapore law incorporates a
rule of customary international law that prohibits the execution of
intellectually disabled persons on the ground that this would amount to
inhuman punishment. He argued that it would be a breach of international human
rights law to execute a person with an IQ of less than 70. He was not,
however, able to point out any provision of any convention or treaty which
stated the proposition as baldly as he put it. Mr Yeo made reference to Art 15
of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Declaration 6
of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Mentally Retarded Persons
in arguing for such a rule but neither is a part of Singapore law and it is
questionable whether the second, being an exhortation, is law at all. In fact,
neither prohibits the execution of persons solely on the basis that their IQ
is less than 70.

29 In any case, Mr Yeo was not even able to establish the general rule for
which he advocated. In Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor and another matter
[2010] 3 SLR 489, the court stated that for there to be a rule of customary
international law, there needs to be “extensive and virtually uniform” state
practice and opinio juris of States: at [98]. The applicants did not adduce
any material to establish the existence of any rule prohibiting the execution
of intellectually disabled persons or that the execution of such persons
amounts to inhuman punishment. In any event, these arguments were wholly
theoretical since neither of the applicants was so impaired.

Conclusion

30 Having heard and considered the applicants’ arguments, we were satisfied
that there was no basis for the application at all. Regrettably, it had been
cobbled together without substance in a desperate attempt to halt the
scheduled executions of the first and second applicants. We therefore
dismissed it.

31 The respondent asked for the costs of the application. We gave directions
for the filing of submissions in this regard and will decide this issue at a
later date.

Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
  
Charles Yeo Yao Hui (L F Violet Netto) for the applicants;

Francis Ng Yong Kiat SC, Samuel Yap Zong En and  
Shenna Tjoa Kai-En (Attorney-General’s Chambers)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Mar 2022 (13:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

