Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the General Division of

  
The

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCR 8

HC/S 1046 of 2020  
HC/SUM 1361 of 2022

Between

| Vibrant Group Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Tong Chi Ho  
---|---  
(2)| Peng Yuguo  
(3)| Findex (Aust) Pty Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Conflict of Laws – Jurisdiction]

[Conflict of Laws – Natural Forum]

[Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Vibrant Group Ltd

  

v

  

Tong Chi Ho and others

[2022] SGHCR 8

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1046 of 2020 (Summons No 1361 of
2022)  
Justin Yeo AR  
7 June 2022

4 July 2022

Justin Yeo AR:

1 On 1 April 2022, I rendered my decision in Vibrant Group Ltd v Tong Chi Ho
and others [2022] SGHCR 4 (“Vibrant Group”). In Vibrant Group, I dismissed the
application by Peng Yuguo (“the 2nd Defendant”) to set aside orders granting
Vibrant Group Limited (“the Plaintiff”) leave to serve its Writ of Summons and
Statement of Claim (and amended versions thereof) out of jurisdiction on him
in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). The other two defendants, namely
Tong Chi Ho (“the 1st Defendant”) and Findex (Aust) Pty Ltd (“the 3rd
Defendant”), were not parties to that application, although their respective
counsel attended the hearing on watching brief.

2 On 7 April 2022, the 3rd Defendant brought the present application under O
12 r 7(1)(c) of the revoked Rules of Court as in force immediately before 1
April 2022 (“Rules of Court”), seeking similar relief, ie, to set aside an
order granting the Plaintiff leave to serve its Writ of Summons and Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 1) on the 3rd Defendant in Australia. The order in
question will henceforth be referred to as the “Leave Order”.

3 I heard the application on 7 June 2022 and received further submissions on
24 June 2022. I set aside the Leave Order for the reasons explained in this
judgment.

Background Facts

4 The background to the dispute, at least insofar as it involves the 1st and
2nd Defendants, is summarised in [3] to [16] of Vibrant Group. In the
following paragraphs, I set out supplementary facts that are specifically
relevant to the present application and the 3rd Defendant’s involvement.

5 The 3rd Defendant is a company incorporated under the laws of Australia that
provided financial advisory and accounting services. At the material time, the
3rd Defendant was known as Crowe Horwath (Aust) Pty Ltd; its name was changed
to its present name on 1 April 2019. The 3rd Defendant operated (and operates)
only in Australia.

6 Blackgold International Holdings Pty Ltd (“Blackgold”), an Australian
company, engaged the 3rd Defendant to audit its annual financial report for
the 2016 financial year (“the 2016 Financial Report”). The contract between
Blackgold and the 3rd Defendant (“the Engagement Letter”) is governed by
Australian law and contains an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the
Australian courts.

7 The 3rd Defendant conducted the audit of Blackgold in accordance with the
Australian Auditing Standards made under the Australian Corporations Act 2001
(Cth). According to the 3rd Defendant, the audit report (“the Audit Report”)
was prepared and issued by the 3rd Defendant in Australia. The 3rd Defendant
did not provide a copy of the Audit Report to the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff had
obtained the Audit Report by downloading it from the website of the Australian
Securities Exchange (“ASX”).

8 After the Plaintiff acquired Blackgold, it discovered that some of the
representations made by the 1st and 2nd Defendants (which, the Plaintiff
claims, induced the acquisition) were false. These came to light following a
special fact-finding investigation into certain irregularities and
discrepancies, which revealed widespread falsification of the Blackgold
Group’s financial and accounting information, records and other documents, and
questionable transactions by or involving the management of the Blackgold
Group. The Plaintiff commenced the present suit against the 1st and 2nd
Defendants on 30 October 2020, with the primary causes of action being the
torts of fraudulent misrepresentation and negligent misrepresentation.

9 More than a year later, the 3rd Defendant was added as a defendant on 1
December 2021. The Plaintiff pleaded that the 3rd Defendant was negligent, and
specifically, that it had breached its duties by failing to:

(a) obtain sufficient, appropriate, relevant and/or reliable audit evidence
(or any at all) to reduce audit risk to an acceptably low level;

(b) undertake any reasonable and/or proper investigation into, or
consideration or assessment of the status and creditworthiness of the
Blackgold Group’s debtors, the age of the debts, the likelihood of
recoverability of the debts;

(c) undertake any reasonable and/or proper investigation into, or
consideration or assessment of Blackgold’s assessment or system of assessment
of the creditworthiness of its customers (or any at all); and

(d) exercise reasonable care and/or competence in auditing the 2016 Financial
Report and issuing the Audit Report and/or to exercise professional scepticism
during the audit process.

10 The Plaintiff obtained the Leave Order and subsequently served the Writ of
Summons and Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) on the 3rd Defendant in
Australia on 4 March 2022.

11 On 1 April 2022, I dismissed the 2nd Defendant’s application to set aside
the orders granting leave to the Plaintiff to serve its Writ of Summons and
Statement of Claim on the 2nd Defendant in the PRC, for the reasons found in
Vibrant Group.

12 On 7 April 2022, the 3rd Defendant brought the present application to set
aside the Leave Order.

13 On 14 April 2022, an appeal was filed against my decision in Vibrant Group.
That appeal has been held in abeyance pending my determination of the present
application.

Issues

14 The requirements for valid service out of jurisdiction are well established
(see the authorities cited in Vibrant Group at [18]), ie:

(a) whether the Plaintiff has a “good arguable case” that its claim falls
within one of the jurisdictional gateways in O 11 r 1 of the Rules of Court;

(b) whether the Plaintiff’s claim has a “sufficient degree of merit”; and

(c) whether Singapore is the proper forum for the trial of the action.

15 The 3rd Defendant does not dispute that the requirements in [14(a)] and
[14(b)] are met (for completeness, the jurisdictional gateways relied upon by
the Plaintiff are those found in O 11 r 1(c), (f)(ii) and (p) of the Rules of
Court). Instead, the 3rd Defendant’s contention is that the Leave Order ought
to be set aside because the requirement in [14(c)] has not been made out. The
issue is therefore whether Singapore is the proper forum for the trial of the
claim between the Plaintiff and the 3rd Defendant (“the Proper Forum Issue”).

16 The 3rd Defendant also contends that the Leave Order ought to be set aside
for the Plaintiff’s failure to make full and frank disclosure of material
facts when applying, ex parte, for the Leave Order (“the Disclosure Issue”).

The Proper Forum Issue

17 The Proper Forum Issue is to be determined by applying the same test that
is applied when considering a stay on the grounds of forum non conveniens, ie,
the two-stage test in Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd [1987] AC
460 (“Spiliada”).

18 At the first stage of the Spiliada test, the court determines whether,
prima facie, there is some other available forum that is more appropriate for
the case to be tried. In making this determination, the court undertakes an
analysis of connecting factors, including (i) personal connections of the
parties and witnesses; (ii) connections to relevant events and transactions;
(iii) the applicable law to the dispute; (iv) the existence of proceedings
elsewhere; and (v) the “shape of the litigation”, ie, the manner in which the
claim and the defence have been pleaded (Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight
International Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 265 (“Rappo”) at [71]). It is the quality
(rather than quantity) of the connecting factors that is crucial in this
analysis (Rappo at [70]). The aim of the inquiry is to identify whether any
connections point towards a jurisdiction in which the case may be more
suitably tried, for the interests of all the parties and the ends of justice
(Rappo at [72]).

19 If the court finds that there is some other available forum that is more
appropriate for the case to be tried, the matter proceeds to the second stage
where the court will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are circumstances
for which justice requires that a stay nonetheless be denied. Put another way,
the court will consider whether justice requires that the court exercise its
jurisdiction even if it is not the prima facie natural forum (Rappo at [107]).

20 In relation to the burden of proof, the Plaintiff bears the burden of
proving that Singapore is the proper forum for its claim against the 3rd
Defendant (see Zoom Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4
SLR 500 (“Zoom Communications”) at [71] and [72]).

21 In my judgment, the Plaintiff has failed to demonstrate, on the balance of
probabilities, that Singapore is the proper forum for its dispute with the 3rd
Defendant. Based on the arguments and evidence put forward by the Plaintiff, I
also do not see any circumstances for which justice requires the Singapore
courts to exercise jurisdiction despite not being the prima facie natural
forum. I analyse the various connecting factors in the following sections of
this judgment.

Personal connections of the parties and witnesses

22 The first connecting factor concerns the personal connections of the
parties and witnesses to a particular jurisdiction. This factor relates to the
convenience (in terms of location of witnesses) and compellability of
witnesses. It takes on greater significance when the disputes revolve around
questions of fact (see Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“Rickshaw”) at [19]), especially where the potential key
witnesses are third-party witnesses over whom the party to the dispute has no
control (see Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar v Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra [2019] 2 SLR 372
at [73]).

23 The physical location of a witness has become less significant given the
proliferation of evidence taking by video-link due to travel and other
restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic (see, eg, Sinopec International
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Bank of Communications Co Ltd [2021] SGHC 245
(“Sinopec”) at [84] and Bunge SA and another v Shrikant Bhasi and other
appeals [2020] 2 SLR 1223 at [50]). However, given that a Singapore court
cannot compel a foreign witness to testify in Singapore, the compellability of
a foreign witness remains an important consideration (see O 38 r 18(2) of the
Rules of Court; and see JIO Minerals FZC v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1
SLR 391 (“JIO Minerals”) at [71] and MAN Diesel & Turbo SE v IM Skaugen SE
[2020] 1 SLR 327 (“MAN Diesel”) at [148]).

24 In the present case, the 3rd Defendant is an Australian company that does
not have any business presence in Singapore. The Plaintiff’s pleaded
allegations against the 3rd Defendant involve fact-centric questions (see [9]
above). The relevant witnesses for the 3rd Defendant are the actual persons
who conducted the audit, all of whom reside in Australia; they are also third-
party witnesses who are no longer in the employ of the 3rd Defendant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Kim Lawrence Perry (dated 7 April 2022), at paragraphs 36 to 39.

25 It is undisputed that the 3rd Defendant’s witnesses cannot be compelled to
give evidence in these Singapore proceedings. However, Plaintiff’s counsel
raised two arguments as to why the personal connections of the witnesses still
point towards Singapore:

(a) First, the Plaintiff’s witnesses are Singaporean or based in Singapore. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Khua Kian Keong (dated 29 April 2022), at paragraph 37(a).

The Plaintiff’s key witnesses are Khua Kian Keong (the Plaintiff’s Chief
Executive Officer), Tin It Phong (“Tin”, the Chief Financial Officer of
Blackgold at the material time), officers in the Plaintiff’s finance team.
There are also officers from Ernst & Young Advisory Pte Ltd (“Ernst & Young”),
who had conducted the special investigation into the irregularities. The
Plaintiff contends that Tin and the officers from Ernst & Young cannot be
compelled to give evidence in Australian proceedings (citing Australian
Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) v Rich [2004] NSWSC 467 at [4]).

(b) Second, the Convention of 18 March 1970 on the Taking of Evidence Abroad
in Civil or Commercial Matters (“Hague Evidence Convention”) – to which both
Singapore and Australia are parties – “significantly dilute[s] (or even
neutralise[s])” the fact that the 3rd Defendant’s witnesses cannot be
compelled to give evidence in the present suit. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s submissions tendered at the hearing on 7 June 2022, at paragraph
3.4.

The Hague Evidence Convention affords the 3rd Defendant an official,
multilateral, facilitative mechanism to achieve compellability to a
significant extent. Australia is obliged to “apply the appropriate measures of
compulsion in the instances and to the same extent as are provided by its
internal law for the execution of orders issued by the authorities of its own
country or of requests made by parties in internal proceedings” (citing
Article 10 of the Hague Evidence Convention). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions (dated 24 June 2022), at paragraph 14.

In addition, pursuant to Article 12 of the Hague Evidence Convention,
Australia can only refuse the execution of a letter of request in only two
limited circumstances (ie, where the execution of the letter of request does
not fall within the functions of Australia’s judiciary, and where Australia
considers that its sovereignty or security would be prejudiced) 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions (dated 24 June 2022), at paragraph 15.

and there is no evidence that either of these limited circumstances apply in
the present case. As such, the practical effect of Articles 10 and 12 of the
Hague Evidence Convention is that Australian domestic laws on compellability
apply with equal force and effect to compel Australian witnesses to give
evidence in Singapore. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions (dated 24 June 2022), at paragraph 16.

Plaintiff’s counsel further pointed out that in Re Samsung C&T Corporation
[2017] FCA 1169, the Federal Court of Australia expressly endorsed the
applicability and availability of the Hague Evidence Convention between
Singapore and Australian parties. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions (dated 24 June 2022), at paragraph 17.

26 Neither of these arguments supports the Plaintiff’s case that the witnesses
are more closely connected to Singapore than Australia. Indeed, it appears to
me that witness compellability would pose less of an impediment if the claim
proceeds in Australia.

27 On the issue at [25(a)], the Plaintiff’s witnesses may well be Singaporean
or based in Singapore. However, when analysing the availability of evidence
and witnesses, the focus is not primarily with the Plaintiff’s evidence (given
that it is the Plaintiff which wishes to pursue its claim in Singapore).
Instead, the potential prejudice to the 3rd Defendant in running its defence
is likely to be more significant for the purposes of the analysis (see
Ivanishvili Bidzina v Credit Suisse Trust Ltd [2020] 2 SLR 638 (“Ivanishvili”)
at [86]; while Ivanishvili was decided in the context of an application for a
stay on grounds of forum non conveniens, the same reasoning applies to the
Proper Forum Issue). In relation to the Plaintiff’s key witnesses, the
Plaintiff’s Chief Executive Officer and finance team are presumably willing to
give evidence for the Plaintiff even if the claim proceeds overseas – in this
regard, it is telling that the Plaintiff’s professed difficulty with the
compellability of its own witnesses is limited only to Tin and the officers
from Ernst & Young. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 24 May 2022), at paragraph 77.

However, it is unclear whether these witnesses (ie Tin and the officers from
Ernst & Young) are actually in a position to give evidence on how the audit
was conducted by the 3rd Defendant or what their evidence would add to the
determination of the claim against the 3rd Defendant. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

3rd Defendant’s written submissions (dated 24 May 2022) at paragraph 49.

In contrast, there are clear issues with witness compellability if the claim
proceeds in Singapore, given that the 3rd Defendant’s witnesses – who have
first-hand knowledge of the conduct of the audit – are third-party witnesses
over whom the 3rd Defendant no longer has control.

28 On the issue at [25(b)], the Hague Evidence Convention is certainly a
useful facilitative mechanism, and the fact that both Singapore and Australia
are parties to it means that there is an increased likelihood of Australian
witnesses giving evidence in Singapore proceedings and vice versa. However, I
do not think that the potential application of the Hague Evidence Convention
for the taking of evidence in the present suit “significantly dilute[s] (or
even neutralise[s])” witness compellability as a factor pointing towards
Australia as the more appropriate forum, for the following reasons:

(a) First, the Hague Evidence Convention is facilitative rather than mandatory
in nature, in that it only requires a witness to testify pursuant to
compulsion prescribed under the foreign law, if and when the foreign authority
accedes to the request for judicial assistance (see Sinopec at [156]). As
Plaintiff’s counsel recognised, the Hague Evidence Convention does not
guarantee witness compellability. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions (dated 24 June 2022), at paragraph 13.

(b) Second, mutual judicial assistance often involves a multitude of
considerations and may be a “relatively more cumbersome means of obtaining
evidence” (see Ivanishvili at [96]). While arrangements and accommodations can
be made, “it would typically be easier to secure the evidence of witnesses in
the jurisdiction where they are located. All else being equal, this would be a
factor pointing in favour of that jurisdiction, but its weight will depend on
the circumstances of each case” (emphasis in original) (Ivanishvili at [96]).
For example, taking evidence by deposition through mutual judicial assistance
may not be suitable where the witness in question is a critical witness in
relation to whom an assessment of credibility may be important in assisting
the trial court’s determination of the truth of the matter (see UBS AG v
Telesto Investments [2011] 4 SLR 503 (“UBS AG”) at [70]). In the present case,
the 3rd Defendant’s witnesses are the very auditors being accused of
professional negligence in Australia, and who are – in all likelihood – going
to be critical witnesses at the trial. It would be desirable that they are
compellable to give evidence before the trial court, instead of having to take
their evidence by deposition or other means.

(c) Third, the fact that both Singapore and Australia are parties to the Hague
Evidence Convention cuts both ways, in that evidence can be taken thereunder
from witnesses in either jurisdiction. For example, it can similarly be said
that if the claim proceeds in Australia, the witnesses whom the Plaintiff
professes to have difficulty compelling (ie Tin and the officers from Ernst &
Young) may give evidence in the Australian proceedings under the Hague
Evidence Convention. Indeed, given that the evidence of these witnesses
appears less directly relevant (contra the evidence of the 3rd Defendant’s
non-party witnesses), on balance, mutual judicial assistance in the taking of
evidence may be more suitable for these witnesses than for the 3rd Defendant’s
non-party witnesses.

(d) Fourth, and for completeness, based on the case authorities cited to me,
it appears that the Singapore courts have not generally considered the Hague
Evidence Convention to be a significant factor in the proper forum analysis
(although this may also be because arguments on the Hague Evidence Convention
were not raised by counsel in those cases). In MAN Diesel, the witnesses were
in Germany and Norway; in Ivanishvili, the witnesses were in Switzerland; in
TMT Co Ltd v The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (trading as RBS Greenwich Futures)
[2018] 3 SLR 70, the witnesses were in England; and in Good Earth Agricultural
Co Ltd v Novus International Pte Ltd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 711, the witnesses were
in Hong Kong. All the above-mentioned countries are parties to the Hague
Evidence Convention. However, save for the court considering the possibility
of seeking judicial assistance from the Swiss courts in Ivanishvili (and
concluding that the court will usually assume that it is easier to secure the
evidence of witnesses in the jurisdiction where they are located), none of
these case authorities expressly addressed the relevance of the Hague Evidence
Convention in determining the proper forum for the dispute.

29 I therefore find that the personal connections of the parties and witnesses
points away from Singapore, and towards Australia, as the proper forum for the
Plaintiff’s claim against the 3rd Defendant.

Connections to relevant events and applicable law to the dispute

30 The second and third types of connecting factors enumerated in Rappo
concern the connections to relevant events and transactions, and the law
applicable to the dispute. I consider both types of connecting factors
together because they are intertwined in the present application.

31 The place where the tort occurred is prima facie the natural forum for
determining the claim (Rickshaw at [37]). In order to determine the place of
the tort, the approach is to consider the events constituting the tort and to
ask where, in substance, the cause of action arose (see JIO Minerals at [90]
and MAN Diesel at [113]).

32 For the Plaintiff’s claim against the 3rd Defendant, I find that the place
of the tort is Australia.

(a) First, the duty of care allegedly owed by the 3rd Defendant is based on
Australian law. Specifically, the issue is whether the 3rd Defendant had taken
reasonable care in satisfying itself that the financial reports were prepared
in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards as required under the
Australian Corporations Act 2001. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paragraph 53B.

The Statement of Claim clearly raises issues such as whether the 3rd Defendant
had “complied with the accounting standards prescribed by the Australian
Accounting Standards Board” and whether the 3rd Defendant had ensured that the
financial reports “conformed to generally accepted accounting policies,
principles and practices applicable in Australia”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at paragraph 53B.

In addition, the Plaintiff specifically pleaded that it would rely on the
Australian Corporations Act 2001, the Australian Accounting Standards and the
Australian Auditing Standards. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at paragraph 53B.

(b) Second, the 3rd Defendant’s evidence is that the allegedly negligent audit
was conducted in Australia, and the Audit Report was issued in Australia. It
is undisputed that the audit work was done pursuant to a contract governed by
Australian law, with an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the
Australian courts. In this regard, the evidence of the Plaintiff’s Chief
Executive Officer is that he did not know where the audit work was actually
performed and where the Audit Report was issued. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of Khua Kian Keong (dated 29 April 2022), at paragraph 33(a).

Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that based on the affidavit of the 3rd
Defendant’s representative, it appeared that parts of the audit may have been
conducted in the PRC or Malaysia, given that subsidiaries of the Blackgold
Group were companies incorporated in the PRC, and given that Crowe Horwath
Malaysia was involved as a component auditor. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 24 May 2022), at paragraph 83.

While I am not in a position to determine, on the evidence before me, the
precise geographical locations in which the audit work was conducted, the
point remains that there is no evidence at all, and the Plaintiff does not
contend, that the audit was conducted in Singapore. As such, the fact that
parts of the audit may possibly have been conducted in the PRC or Malaysia
does not aid the Plaintiff’s attempt to demonstrate that Singapore is the
proper forum.

(c) Third, I pause to address the Plaintiff’s arguments that Singapore is the
place in which it relied on the Audit Report and suffered loss and damage
(through transferring funds from Singapore for the acquisition of Blackgold,
as well as incurring costs and expenses in investigating the irregularities
and complying with investigations conducted by the Singapore Exchange). In
Vibrant Group, I found that Singapore was the proper forum for the claims
against the 2nd Defendant, after considering factors including the place of
reliance (albeit in the context of reliance on the representations of the 1st
and 2nd Defendants) and the place where loss and damage was suffered (see
Vibrant Group at [35] and [40(d)]). However, the present situation is somewhat
different from that in Vibrant Group. While the Plaintiff’s reliance on
representations is a significant and major element in the context of the
misrepresentation claims against the 1st and 2nd Defendants, the same arguably
cannot be said of the Plaintiff’s reliance on the Audit Report in the context
of the negligence claim against the 3rd Defendant. The place where loss and
damage was suffered is also not by itself determinative of the place of the
tort. Weighing all the factors in the balance, the place of reliance or the
place where loss and damage was suffered does not, in my view, sufficiently
displace the considerations in [32(a)] and [32(b)] above. On balance, the
place of the tort is Australia, which accordingly appears to be the natural
forum for determining the claim.

33 For completeness, I address two other points raised by Plaintiff’s counsel,
which did not alter my analysis.

(a) First, Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that one reason supporting Singapore
as the proper forum was that the “double actionability rule” was met in this
case. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 24 May 2022), at paragraph 67.

The “double actionability rule” posits that for a tort, wherever committed, to
be actionable in Singapore, the alleged wrong must be actionable as a wrong
both under the law of the forum and the place where the wrong was committed.
However, as 3rd Defendant’s counsel pointed out, the reference to the “double
actionability rule” appears to be an attempt by the Plaintiff to “pull itself
up by its own bootstraps”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3rd Defendant’s counsel’s oral submissions at the hearing on 7 June 2022.

In essence, the Plaintiff was suggesting that because it commenced the claim
against the 3rd Defendant in Singapore, the application of the “double
actionability rule” somehow meant that Singapore became the proper forum. This
argument is reminiscent of that described by the court as “misplaced” in
Nippon Catalyst Pte Ltd v PT Trans-Pacific Petrochemical Indotama and another
[2018] SGHC 126 (“Nippon Catalyst”) at [60]. As the court observed, the
“double actionability rule” is conceptually distinct from the question of
whether Singapore is the proper forum and is not intended to assist the court
in determining the proper forum (Nippon Catalyst at [60]).

(b) Second, Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the Singapore courts were fully
capable of hearing and determining disputes and issues governed by foreign law
(including Australian law) with the input of expert evidence. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 24 May 2022), at paragraph 107.

This submission does not add anything to the Plaintiff’s argument that
Singapore is the proper forum, as it is simply a general statement of the
uncontroverted fact that there exists a mechanism to determine issues of
foreign law if so required. Plaintiff’s counsel further pointed out that there
were Australian Judges sitting in the Singapore International Commercial Court
(“SICC”), and therefore, that there was no reason for the Singapore courts to
avoid determining the dispute simply because it may be governed by Australian
law (citing Rappo at [116]). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 24 May 2022), at paragraph 107.

While it is true that the qualities and capabilities of the SICC may be
considered, the weight to be accorded to the “SICC factor” must be understood
in the light of the subsequent decision of MAN Diesel. In MAN Diesel, the
court cautioned that the “SICC factor” in itself will not be sufficient to
displace a foreign jurisdiction which is the more appropriate forum based on
the conventional connecting factors; at the very most, less weight will be
placed on the fact that the governing law is something other than Singapore
law (MAN Diesel at [144]). It should also be kept in mind that in Rappo, the
court emphasised the importance of a plaintiff proving that the dispute is of
a nature that lends itself to the SICC’s capabilities, and for the court to
consider whether the requirements for a transfer to the SICC would likely be
satisfied (see Rappo at [124]). In the present application, the Plaintiff did
not raise any arguments to substantiate any potential transfer to the SICC.
Indeed, the Plaintiff did not indicate any intention to transfer the matter to
the SICC at all. As such, for purposes of determining the proper forum, I do
not place any significant weight on the undoubted capability of the Singapore
courts (in general) and the SICC (in particular) to determine issues of
foreign law as a factor in favour of Singapore being the proper forum.

Existence of proceedings elsewhere

34 The fourth connecting factor concerns the existence of proceedings
elsewhere. To clarify, there are no proceedings presently existing elsewhere.
The only existing legal proceedings are found in Singapore by way of the
present suit. The issue relating to this connecting factor is therefore the
possibility of proceedings being commenced elsewhere (specifically, Australia)
if the present application is granted, resulting in concurrent proceedings in
Singapore and Australia.

35 Plaintiff’s counsel contended that if the Leave Order is set aside and the
Plaintiff’s claim against the 3rd Defendant must be pursued in Australia, the
relevant Australian limitation period will expire sometime in July 2023. This
compels the Plaintiff to commence an action against the 3rd Defendant in
Australia promptly once the Leave Order is set aside, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions (dated 24 June 2022), at paragraphs 6 and 7.

which will result in concurrent proceedings in Singapore and Australia. He
further contended that there is a serious risk of conflicting or inconsistent
decisions if the claims against the 1st and 2nd Defendants are tried in
Singapore, while the claim against the 3rd Defendant is tried in Australia.
This risk comes about because the falsity (or otherwise) of the 1st and 2nd
Defendants’ representations to the Plaintiff is relevant to the question of
whether the 3rd Defendant had breached its duty of care to the Plaintiff in
failing to detect the untruths. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 24 May 2022), at paragraph 70.

Put another way, in deciding the negligence claim against the 3rd Defendant,
the court will inevitably have to first ascertain the falsity (or otherwise)
of the 1st and 2nd Defendants’ representations. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (dated 24 May 2022), at paragraph 70.

36 While there is some factual link between the claims against the 1st and 2nd
Defendants on the one hand and the claim against the 3rd Defendant on the
other, the analysis must focus more practically on the degree of impact any
overlapping proceedings would have on the justice of the case, and whether
there is any sufficiently real possibility of conflicting findings of fact
(see Ivanishvili at [114]). In this regard, I think that the risk of
conflicting or inconsistent decisions is overstated, as is any impact of
potentially overlapping proceedings on the justice of the case.

(a) First, while I am not in a position to comment on the substantive
correctness of the Plaintiff’s position on the Australian law on limitation
(in the absence of expert evidence on the matter), even if the Plaintiff’s
understanding is correct and proceedings must be promptly instituted in
Australia resulting in concurrent proceedings, there are legal options and
judicial case management tools that can be considered which can minimise the
risk of conflicting or inconsistent decisions. This is especially so given
that even the proceedings in Singapore are in the early stages.

(b) Second, while determining the falsity of the representations is logically
prior to the question of whether the 3rd Defendant was negligent in failing to
detect the falsity, the claim against the 3rd Defendant involves a different
set of issues and inquiries. The claims against the 1st and 2nd Defendants
involve investigating the falsity (or otherwise) of the representations made
by the 1st and 2nd Defendants. In contrast, the claim against the 3rd
Defendant involves a consideration of the actual documents perused by the 3rd
Defendant during the audit, the 3rd Defendant’s actions or omissions in
conducting the audit, the scope of the 3rd Defendant’s obligations and whether
a reasonable auditor in the 3rd Defendant’s same position would have reached
the same conclusions. To illustrate the different issues at hand: even
assuming that the documents provided to the 3rd Defendant for the audit indeed
contained falsehoods, that is only the beginning of the inquiry against the
3rd Defendant; the court determining the Plaintiff’s claim against the 3rd
Defendant must consider this in the light of the contractual clauses in the
Engagement Letter (eg those specifying the applicable standard of audit or
those specifying that the 3rd Defendant would not be auditing or independently
verifying certain accounting records or the accuracy and completeness of
documentation provided to it).

37 While still on the connecting factor concerning the existence of
proceedings elsewhere, it bears noting that the Engagement Letter contains an
indemnity clause under which Blackgold agreed to indemnify the 3rd Defendant,
to the extent permitted by the Australian Corporations Act 2001, from any
liabilities, losses, claims, costs, damages or expenses. Given the exclusive
jurisdiction clause (in favour of the Australian courts) that governs the
Engagement Letter, any third-party proceedings or counterclaims brought by the
3rd Defendant to seek a contribution or indemnity must be brought in
Australia. Those indemnity proceedings cannot be pursued in Singapore and if
so brought, must be stayed in favour of the Australian courts (see Choice of
Court Agreements Act 2016 (Cap 39A, 2020 Rev Ed), s 12). In my assessment, the
issue of whether such indemnity proceedings will eventually be brought is
presently speculative. Also, it appears undisputed that the exclusive
jurisdiction clause does not bind the Plaintiff (not being a party to the
Engagement Letter). Be that as it may, the existence of an exclusive
jurisdiction clause in the Engagement Letter is a factor (albeit not a strong
one) in favour of the claim against the 3rd Defendant being brought in the
forum where any putative indemnity proceedings must be filed, ie, Australia.

38 For completeness, on my query, the 3rd Defendant has confirmed that if the
Leave Order is set aside, it will not apply to intervene in the present suit
as it is not a necessary party thereto under O 15 r 6 of the Rules of Court.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

3rd Defendant’s further submissions (dated 24 June 2022), at paragraphs 3 and
4.

39 I find that the connecting factor concerning the existence of proceedings
elsewhere does not point in favour of Singapore as the proper forum.

Shape of the litigation

40 The fifth connecting factor, ie “shape of the litigation”, concerns the
manner in which the parties have pleaded their cases (Rappo at [71]). The
Plaintiff has pleaded a claim for negligence against the 3rd Defendant, based
on Australian law as well as Australian accounting and auditing standards (see
[32(a)] above). This connecting factor therefore does not point in favour of
Singapore as the proper forum for the Plaintiff’s claim against the 3rd
Defendant; instead, Australia again appears to be the proper forum.

Conclusion on the Proper Forum Issue

41 For the reasons detailed [17] to [40] above, I find that the Plaintiff has
failed to demonstrate that Singapore is the proper forum for the Plaintiff’s
claim against the 3rd Defendant. I also do not see any circumstances for which
justice requires the Singapore courts to exercise jurisdiction despite not
being the prima facie natural forum.

The Disclosure Issue

42 My decision on the Proper Forum Issue is sufficient for setting aside the
Leave Order. However, as counsel had provided detailed submissions on the
Disclosure Issue, I address this issue for completeness as well.

43 The relevant legal principles may be simply stated as follows:

(a) In an ex parte application, an applicant has a duty to make full and frank
disclosure of all matters within the applicant’s knowledge which might be
material to the matter (The “Vasiliy Golovnin” [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“Vasiliy
Golovnin”) at [83]).

(b) The duty of full and frank disclosure extends only to “plausible, and not
all conceivable or theoretical, defences” (Vasiliy Golovnin at [87]).

(c) The test for materiality is an objective one to be determined based on
what may be relevant in enabling the court to arrive at an informed decision
on the ex parte application (contra what the applicant alone thinks is
relevant) (Vasiliy Golovnin at [87]). The duty to make full and frank
disclosure does not, however, require the applicant to disclose every relevant
document; it is, ultimately, all about “striking the right balance” (Vasiliy
Golovnin at [88]).

(d) While non-disclosure of material facts is a ground for setting aside the
order obtained ex parte, the court retains an overriding discretion in
determining whether to do so (Vasiliy Golovnin at [84]). In exercising such
discretion, the court will often consider the proportionality of the omission
against its impact (Vasiliy Golovnin at [84]). For instance, in the context of
an order obtained ex parte for service of process out of jurisdiction, it is
possible that the non-disclosure may not displace the fact that the connecting
factors taken as a whole nonetheless point to Singapore as the proper forum
(Zoom Communications at [91]).

44 In the affidavit supporting the application for the Leave Order, the
Plaintiff had disclosed that the 3rd Defendant was an Australian company, that
Blackgold is an Australian company listed on the ASX, that Blackgold had
engaged the 3rd Defendant to “prepare an auditor’s report, in accordance with
Part 2M.3 of the Australian Corporations Act 2001”, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of Khua Kian Keong (dated 23 December 2021), at paragraph 11.

and that the resulting Audit Report had referred to the Australian
“Corporations Act 2001”, “Australian Accounting Standards”, “Corporate
Regulations 2001” and “International Financial Reporting Standards”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Affidavit of Khua Kian Keong (dated 23 December 2021), at paragraph 20.

45 The crux of the 3rd Defendant’s complaint is that when applying for the
Leave Order, the Plaintiff failed to disclose certain facts which effectively
downplayed the substantial connection between the dispute and Australia. The
main alleged non-disclosures concern the failure to mention material facts
relating to (a) the relevant governing law (ie, that the Engagement Letter was
governed by Australia and was subject to an exclusive jurisdiction clause in
the Engagement Letter, which the Plaintiff would have known about had proper
inquiries been made); and (b) the place of the tort, given that the Plaintiff
must have known that an Australian company (ie the 3rd Defendant) auditing
another Australian company (ie Blackgold) would likely have conducted the
audit in Australia, and given that the Plaintiff had itself obtained the Audit
Report from the ASX website.

46 Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the non-disclosures were immaterial.
This is because the exclusive jurisdiction clause in the Engagement Letter was
irrelevant to the Plaintiff’s claim against the 3rd Defendant, given that the
claim was based on the tort of negligence. Furthermore, the Plaintiff was not
a party to the Engagement Letter and the governing law or exclusive
jurisdiction clause did not bind the Plaintiff. The existence of the exclusive
jurisdiction clause is therefore not a “plausible” defence to the Plaintiff’s
application for the Leave Order. In relation to the location where the audit
work was performed, the Plaintiff claimed to be unaware of the geographical
location(s) in which the audit was performed or the Audit Report was issued,
and it was thus not possible for the Plaintiff to disclose such information in
its application for the Leave Order; what the Plaintiff knew at that time was
that the 2016 Financial Report and the Audit Report were received by the
Plaintiff in Singapore, and that the Plaintiff had suffered loss and damage in
Singapore.

47 To my mind, the only omission is that the Plaintiff did not draw the
court’s attention specifically to the exclusive jurisdiction clause in the
Engagement Letter. However, I do not think that this is a material omission,
given that the Plaintiff (a) had already disclosed various other linkages to
Australia; and (b) is not bound by the Engagement Letter or the exclusive
jurisdiction clause found therein. While I did consider the exclusive
jurisdiction clause in weighing the connecting factor concerning the existence
of proceedings elsewhere, this was ultimately not a strong factor (see [37]
above). Overall, I do not think that the omission to expressly mention the
exclusive jurisdiction clause is a material non-disclosure that would, in
itself, warrant the setting aside of the Leave Order. However, this is now
moot given my decision to set the Leave Order aside on the basis of the
connecting factors.

Conclusion

48 For the foregoing reasons, I set aside the Leave Order and will hear
parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Justin Ee, Mr Timothy Yong and Mr Terence Yeo  
(M/s TSMP Law Corporation) for the Plaintiff.  
Mr Terence Tan (M/s Drew & Napier LLC) for the 3rd Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Jul 2022 (16:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

