Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGCA 21

Criminal Motion No 26 of 2021

Between

| Sanjay Krishnan  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Appeal — Adducing fresh evidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sanjay Krishnan

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGCA 21

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 26 of 2021  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Steven Chong JCA and Chao Hick Tin SJ  
2 March 2022

9 March 2022

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The applicant, Mr Sanjay Krishnan (“Sanjay” or “the applicant”), was charged
and convicted by a judge of the General Division of the High Court (“the
Judge”) on one charge of trafficking 2375.1 grams of cannabis and received the
mandatory sentence of death. He has appealed against his conviction. This was
his application to adduce certain evidence that was available to and/or
readily obtainable by him at trial but was not adduced. He sought leave to
adduce the evidence as he contended that it was material and may have a
bearing on the conviction.

2 We heard and dismissed the application on 2 March 2022, giving brief oral
grounds. We now provide more detailed reasons and further observations on some
issues arising from the application.

Facts

3 On the afternoon of 23 February 2015, one Dzulkarnain bin Khamis
(“Dzulkarnain”) collected a brown box from a bus stop near Tuas Checkpoint
(“the Tuas Bus Stop”). He then drove to Lorong 37 Geylang (“Lorong 37”) where
he dropped the brown box near a green dustbin before driving off. Shortly
after Dzulkarnain had driven away, Sanjay drove to Lorong 37 and retrieved a
box from near the same green dustbin. After doing so, he returned to his car
and left. He was apprehended by a team of Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)
officers at around 4.35pm. At about the same time, Dzulkarnain was also
arrested by another team of CNB officers.

4 During the course of investigations, the box which was recovered from Sanjay
(referred to for convenience as “the SKP Box”) was found to contain not less
than 2375.1 grams of cannabis (“the Drugs”). Investigative statements were
taken from Sanjay. Relevant to the present case, at the time of his arrest,
Sanjay gave a contemporaneous statement (“Sanjay’s contemporaneous statement”)
stating that he did not know the contents of the SKP Box. He later gave a
cautioned statement to the Investigation Officer, Senior Staff Sergeant
Ranjeet s/o Ram Behari (“IO Ranjeet”) on 24 February 2015 (“Sanjay’s cautioned
statement”) in which he asserted that he was told by “a guy called Malaysia
Boy” that the contents of the SKP Box “was illegal cigarettes”. We observed
that Sanjay did not sign the cautioned statement, though the Judge was
satisfied that it was an accurate record of what Sanjay had said to IO
Ranjeet.

5 Both Dzulkarnain and Sanjay claimed trial, and were convicted by the Judge.
The Judge explained her reasons for doing so: see Public Prosecutor v
Dzulkarnain bin Khamis and another [2021] SGHC 48 (the “GD”). The Judge found
that there was no break in the chain of custody, and thus Sanjay did possess
the Drugs: GD at [75]. It was also undisputed that Sanjay knew that the SKP
Box contained items, and thus the element of knowing possession was
established: GD at [80]. She also found that Sanjay had intended to effect
onward delivery of the Drugs, and so she was satisfied that he had been in
possession of the Drugs for the purposes of trafficking: GD at [113]. This
left the question of whether Sanjay knew that the SKP Box contained the Drugs.

6 Sanjay’s position was that he thought that the SKP Box contained hunting
knives and possibly illegal cigarettes. The Judge rejected this contention for
multiple reasons. One of her reasons was that Sanjay’s position as to what he
thought the SKP Box contained had evolved overtime. In particular, she made
reference to Sanjay’s cautioned statement, where he only mentioned cigarettes,
and Sanjay’s contemporaneous statement, where he stated that he did not know
what was in the SKP Box. Sanjay had argued that his cautioned statement was
not recorded properly. However, the Judge found that there was no reason for
any of the CNB officers including IO Ranjeet to record any of the statements
improperly, including Sanjay’s cautioned statement: GD at [84].

7 As we have noted above, Sanjay was convicted and sentenced to death on one
charge of trafficking in 2375.1 grams of cannabis. Dzulkarnain was also found
guilty of trafficking in the same and was sentenced to life imprisonment.

The present application

8 Both Sanjay and Dzulkarnain have appealed against their convictions and
sentences. By this application, Sanjay sought to adduce two affidavits to be
placed before the court in his appeal, with an order that the matter be
remitted to the Judge to take further evidence and to set out her findings on
remittal.

9 The first was his own affidavit (“Sanjay’s Affidavit”). The evidence in
Sanjay’s Affidavit pertained mainly to the events that occurred when the CNB
officers were taking photographs of the exhibits recovered, and during the
taking of his cautioned statement. The new evidence pertained to an
altercation with IO Ranjeet in the course of which he alleges that IO Ranjeet
had called him a “bastard” and Sanjay had retorted. Sanjay argued that this is
relevant because it would show that IO Ranjeet was displeased with him and so
had a motivation to record his cautioned statement improperly, thus
undermining the Judge’s reasoning at [84] of the GD.

10 The second affidavit was that of one Shankari d/o Danakodi, who is Sanjay’s
former fiancée (“Shankari’s Affidavit”). This contained photographs of the
area surrounding the Tuas Bus Stop at three different points in time (“the
Photographs”). Sanjay argued that the Photographs contradict one of
Dzulkarnain’s investigative statements which implicated Sanjay.

Our decision

11 To succeed in this application, Sanjay needed to fulfil the requirements
set out in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v Marshall”). As we set
out in Public Prosecutor v Mohd Ariffan bin Mohd Hassan [2018] 1 SLR 544
(“Ariffan”) at [27]–[28], these requirements are that the fresh evidence:

(a) could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence for use at trial
(the “non-availability” requirement);

(b) would probably have an important influence on the result of the case,
although it need not be decisive – in other words, it must be “material” (the
“materiality” requirement); and

(c) be credible, although it need not be incontrovertible (the “reliability”
requirement).

Shankari’s Affidavit

12 With regard to Shankari’s Affidavit, Sanjay’s argument pertained to an
investigative statement made by Dzulkarnain, in which he stated that once he
reached the Tuas Bus Stop, he saw a brown box near some bushes and thought
that it contained drugs. He then called Sanjay to inform him, and Sanjay then
told him that it was the box and he should proceed to “take the box from [the]
bushes”. This passage was put to Sanjay at trial, and he disagreed with its
veracity. Sanjay submitted that the Photographs would show that Dzulkarnain’s
evidence to this effect is not credible because the Photographs show that
there are no bushes at the Tuas Bus Stop.

13 In our judgment, the Photographs could not have any material influence on
the appeal. This was a point rightly conceded by Sanjay’s counsel, Mr Ramesh
Chandr Tiwary (“Mr Tiwary”) at the hearing. First, the Photographs were not
contemporaneous – two of the three photographs were taken four years before
and after Sanjay’s arrest, respectively. They said nothing about the state of
the location at the material time. Second, the Photographs were not clear and
were taken from several different angles, and it was not apparent to us what
exactly they were showing. Third, Sanjay’s submission was that the Photographs
show that there are no bushes at the Tuas Bus Stop. However, the Photographs
clearly show vegetation, and thus they did not assist Sanjay’s contentions.
For those reasons, we dismissed the application to adduce Shankari’s
Affidavit.

Sanjay’s Affidavit

14 The evidence in Sanjay’s Affidavit pertained to his alleged confrontation
with IO Ranjeet in the exhibits-management room on the day of his arrest.
Importantly, this confrontation took place prior to the recording of Sanjay’s
cautioned statement.

(a) According to Sanjay, IO Ranjeet had called him a “bastard”, and Sanjay had
retorted, telling IO Ranjeet not to involve his family in this. IO Ranjeet
then approached Sanjay aggressively but was then restrained by the other CNB
officers. Sanjay claimed that, later, when photographs of the exhibits were
being taken, he asked IO Ranjeet if he could use the toilet, but IO Ranjeet
refused. Sanjay stated that Dzulkarnain had witnessed all of this taking
place.

(b) Later, when he was giving a urine sample, he asked another CNB officer if
he could have his case handled by an investigating officer other than IO
Ranjeet. However, the officer said that he did not think it would be possible.

(c) Sanjay then alleged that on 1 March 2015, prior to the recording of his
first long statement, he told IO Ranjeet that he had nothing against him and
that they should put the matter aside as he did not want any tension between
them during the recording of his long statement. As an aside, we mention that
the long statement too did not mention the intention to collect some knives on
the day in question. That was first mentioned in a further statement dated 8
March 2015.

15 It was undisputed that the foregoing evidence would be within Sanjay’s
personal knowledge at the time of trial; but it did not emerge at trial even
though Sanjay’s case was that he had been at the scene to collect some knives
and possibly some cigarettes. What was significant was that Sanjay’s position
was that the decision not to lead this evidence at trial was a conscious
decision made with the advice of counsel, and this has been confirmed by a
letter from Sanjay’s former counsel. However, no explanation was forthcoming
from either Sanjay or his former counsel as to why this decision was made. As
a consequence, we were left in a position where no material was put forward to
justify Sanjay’s change of position.

16 In Ariffan, we held that the non-availability requirement would apply with
attenuated force where the application is made by the Defence. We explained in
that judgment at [56]–[60] our reasons for drawing this distinction between
the position of the Prosecution and the Defence.

17 However, as we subsequently noted in Miya Manik v Public Prosecutor and
another matter [2021] 2 SLR 1169 (“Miya Manik”), this does not mean that the
first condition does not apply at all where applications made by the Defence
are concerned: at [32]. In Miya Manik, we were unimpressed by the case of an
applicant who gave no explanation at all for why he had failed to obtain and
adduce the evidence at trial, when that evidence was clearly obtainable,
available, and in his view, relevant: at [33].

18 In the present case, Mr Tiwary had sought to go further. The evidence in
Sanjay’s Affidavit was not only available to the Defence – the question of
whether to adduce it was actively considered by the Defence which then decided
not to. Yet, as we have said, nothing was put forth to explain this. In our
judgment, in such cases, an application to adduce the evidence on appeal where
that evidence was known to, assessed and then put aside by the Defence, and
not adduced at trial, will rarely be successful.

19 It seems to us that in such cases, as a first step, it is incumbent on the
Defence to offer an explanation as to why the decision was made to not adduce
the evidence, so that the court can consider whether to exercise its
discretion in favour of the applicant. This must be so, because, as we pointed
out to Mr Tiwary, any other view would allow the Defence to conduct its case
at trial in a piecemeal fashion. That would be wholly incompatible with the
principle of finality in proceedings, and the need to avoid any abuse of
process.

20 This is not an unacceptable position, because as we also explained to Mr
Tiwary, in cases where the evidence is so compelling as to strongly suggest
that the decision below was wrong, the court would invariably act to prevent a
miscarriage of justice. This is in line with our observations in Miya Manik
that the question of non-availability must be considered in light of the other
conditions of materiality and credibility. In other words, a “holistic
approach” needs to be taken in applying the criteria set out in Ladd v
Marshall: at [33].

21 Aside from the absence of any explanation, the materiality of the evidence
in Sanjay’s Affidavit was marginal at best. As noted above, the evidence in
question pertained to an alleged confrontation between Sanjay and IO Ranjeet
in the exhibits-management room. It was suggested by Sanjay that this
confrontation might afford an explanation for why IO Ranjeet allegedly failed
to record in Sanjay’s cautioned statement that he was at the scene to collect
some cigarettes and knives and not just some cigarettes as is set out there.

22 To begin with, this evidence is contrary to Sanjay’s contemporaneous
statement, where he repeatedly denied having any knowledge of the contents of
the SKP Box. Further, the Judge’s finding that Sanjay knew that the SKP Box
contained the Drugs was not based solely or even largely on his failure to
mention the knives in his cautioned statement. Aside from the inconsistency in
Sanjay’s position which was contributed to by his cautioned statement, the
Judge had considered other strands of evidence before concluding that Sanjay
knew the nature of the Drugs in the SKP Box: GD at [91]–[110].

23 Importantly, there was no basis for saying that the Judge would or would
likely have come to a different view if the evidence in Sanjay’s Affidavit had
been led. Indeed, she would have had to first accept that the altercation
between IO Ranjeet and Sanjay had taken place. She then would have had to find
that IO Ranjeet had acted maliciously as a result of the altercation. She
would also need to be satisfied that there was a reasonable explanation for
the inconsistency with Sanjay’s contemporaneous statement. Finally, she would
have needed to find that Sanjay was in fact at the scene to collect knives and
cigarettes.

24 This sequence of steps that would be needed to establish the relevance of
the evidence in Sanjay’s Affidavit illustrates the absence of any direct link
between the evidence and the outcome that the Judge arrived at. Thus, the
evidence could in no way be said to be material, let alone material enough to
overcome the initial hurdle posed by the Defence’s conscious decision to not
adduce it at trial. Furthermore, the considerable difficulty this posed to
Sanjay’s application was exacerbated by the fact that he did not offer an
explanation to account for why this evidence was not adduced in the first
place.

25 Faced with all this, Mr Tiwary’s only remaining argument was that the
potential consequence of this case, namely the imposition of the death
penalty, warranted a different approach. We rejected this submission because
there is no basis in principle for suggesting that capital cases can be
conducted by the Defence subject to a different set of rules.

26 Mr Tiwary’s argument may have been based in part on observations made in
the case of Juma’at bin Samad v Public Prosecutor [1993] 2 SLR(R) 327, where
at [37], it was stated as follows:

37 Admittedly, there have been isolated instances where in an effort to
correct glaring injustice, evidence which was in fact considered at the trial
has been allowed to be introduced in an appeal. But this is warranted only by
the most extenuating circumstances, which may include the fact that the
offence is a serious one attracting grave consequences …

[emphasis added]

27 The case was cited in Mr Tiwary’s written submissions, but once read in
context, it became evident that it had no relevance to the present
application. The rest of that paragraph focuses on the quality of the evidence
and specifically, that “the additional evidence sought to be adduced [is]
highly cogent and pertinent and the strength of which render[s] the conviction
unsafe” [emphasis added]. This is in line with what we have stated, and as we
have already observed, the evidence in Sanjay’s Affidavit could hardly be said
to be so pertinent that it could render his conviction unsafe.

Conclusion

28 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed the application. For the
avoidance of doubt, we made the above observations in the context of
explaining why the application to adduce the further evidence fails. We did
not assess the ultimate merits of the appeal, that being something we will do
when the substantive appeal is heard in due course.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice| Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Chao Hick Tin  
Senior Judge |   
  
Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and Kavita Pandey (Leo Fernando LLC) for
the applicant;

Mark Tay, Nicholas Wuan and Keith Jieren Thirumaran (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Mar 2022 (12:26 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

