Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 172

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9864 of 2020

Between

| Mohamed Ardlee Iriandee bin Mohamed Sanip  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore judgment

[Criminal Law — Offences — Outrage of modesty]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mohamed Ardlee Iriandee bin Mohamed Sanip

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 172

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9864 of 2020  
Vincent Hoong J  
19 July 2022

19 July 2022

Vincent Hoong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 The appellant was convicted after trial on one charge of aggravated outrage
of modesty under s 354A(2)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”)
(“the First Charge”). The District Judge (“the DJ”) found the victim (“V1”)’s
evidence to be cogent as well as internally and externally consistent.
Following his conviction on the First Charge, the appellant pleaded guilty to
a second charge of attempted aggravated outrage of modesty under s 354A(2)(b)
read with s 511(1) of the PC (“the Second Charge”).

2 The DJ imposed a sentence of four years and six months’ imprisonment and
four strokes of the cane in respect of the First Charge and three years’
imprisonment and two strokes of the cane in respect of the Second Charge. He
ordered both sentences to run consecutively, resulting in an aggregate
sentence of seven years and six months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the
cane. The DJ’s grounds of decision can be found at Public Prosecutor v Mohamed
Ardlee Iriandee bin Mohamed Sanip [2021] SGDC 64 (“GD”).

3 The appellant appeals against his conviction and sentence. I deal first with
the DJ’s decision to convict the appellant on the First Charge. I will then
deal with the appellant’s attempt to retract his plea of guilt to the Second
Charge, his contention that his legal representative at trial, Mr Mohamed
Muzammil bin Mohamed (“the Former Counsel”) had acted negligently and finally
his appeal against sentence.

Parties’ submissions

4 In relation to the First Charge, whilst CCTV footage captured the appellant
following V1 and her classmate (PW4) to the incident location, it did not
capture him outraging the modesty of V1. The appellant submits that the DJ
erred in finding that he had touched V1’s vagina over her underwear for three
main reasons. First, during V1’s examination-in-chief, V1 pointed to different
parts of her body when asked where she had been touched. Second, V1’s mother,
PW7, provided inconsistent and untruthful testimony at trial. Finally, the
evidence suggests that V1 had been coached as a witness.

5 In response, the Prosecution submits that the DJ rightly found that V1 had
pointed to her vagina area when asked to identify where she had been touched.
Any discrepancy between the two areas V1 identified during her evidence-in-
chief and cross-examination can be attributed to the fact that the “camera
placement in the video-link room during V1’s [examination-in-chief] had
hindered” V1’s testimony. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Submissions dated 19 July 2021 (“PS”) at [19].

After the necessary adjustments were made to the camera angle, V1 pointed
clearly to her vagina area. Further, V1’s evidence that the appellant had
placed his hand under her skirt and touched her vagina over her underwear was
unshaken under cross-examination and corroborated by her parents, whom she
confided in immediately after the incident. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PS at [21].

6 Additionally, the Prosecution submits that the DJ rightly rejected the
appellant’s assertion that V1 was coached for the following reasons:

(a) V1 had no plausible motive to falsely implicate the appellant. This was
accepted by the appellant. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PS at [23]–[24].

(b) The appellant did not adduce any evidence to support his assertion that V1
had been coached. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PS at [25].

(c) V1 presented as a child who was simply doing her best to recount the
incident that transpired. She was responsive and seemed to provide answers
based on her recollection, rather than what she might have been told to say. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PS at [26].

(d) Much of V1’s account was consistent with the appellant’s own version of
events. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PS at [27].

7 Finally, the Prosecution contends that the DJ’s decision to convict the
appellant on the First Charge is not against the weight of the evidence.
Pertinently, key aspects of V1’s testimony were materially corroborated by the
other prosecution witnesses and by the appellant himself. Contrastingly, the
appellant’s defence vacillated several times in the course of proceedings.
Whereas the appellant initially claimed that he did not touch V1’s groin area,
he later stated that he may have grabbed her on her uniform, before claiming
that he may have touched V1 below her skirt but not on her underwear and
finally admitting under cross-examination that it was possible that he had
touched her on her vagina area over her underwear. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PS at [35].

My decision

Appellant’s conviction on the First Charge

8 An appellate court should be slow to overturn the trial judge’s findings of
fact, especially where they hinge on the trial judge’s assessment of the
credibility and veracity of witnesses. Appellate intervention is justified
only when the trial judge’s findings of fact are plainly wrong or against the
weight of the evidence (Yap Giau Beng Terence v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR
656 at [24]).

9 I find there to be insufficient grounds to overturn the appellant’s
conviction on the First Charge. The DJ had assessed V1’s evidence to be
internally and externally consistent. Whilst the appellant contends that V1
vacillated on which part of her body he had touched, I see no reason to
disturb the DJ’s finding that – after initial technological difficulties with
the video-link facility had been dealt with – V1 identified that the appellant
had touched her vagina area over her underwear with certainty. In this regard,
V1’s evidence was supported by the testimony of her father, PW5, and PW7 whom
V1 had confided in immediately after the incident.

10 Moreover, V1’s testimony must be understood in the context of the
following. First, the appellant’s shifting account of whether he had touched
V1’s vagina. The appellant provided no explanation for his inability to
maintain a straight story on whether he had come into contact with V1’s vagina
and why his claim that he had accidentally touched V1’s vagina was only raised
at trial. Second, the inherent improbability of the appellant accidentally
touching V1’s vagina under her skirt. Third, that V1’s recollection of the
incident was largely consistent with what the appellant admitted to in court
and in his statements, including that the appellant had approached V1 with the
intention of outraging her modesty. Set against this backdrop, the DJ’s
acceptance of V1’s testimony that the appellant had touched her on her vagina
area over her underwear could not be said to be against the weight of the
evidence.

Appellant’s attempt to retract his plea of guilt to the Second Charge

11 Next, I consider whether the appellant’s plea of guilt to the Second Charge
was voluntary. In his written submissions, the appellant contended that he
“intended to contest both charges” and there was no reason for him to elect to
plead guilty to the Second Charge whilst contesting the First Charge. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellant’s Submissions dated 26 May 2022 (“AS”) at [22].

Before me, the appellant stated that the foregoing expressed his intention to
retract his plea of guilt to the Second Charge.

12 The court will only allow an accused person to retract his guilty plea at
the post-sentence stage in exceptional cases, such as where the accused person
did not have the genuine freedom to plead (Public Prosecutor v Dinesh s/o
Rajantheran [2019] 1 SLR 1289 (“Dinesh”) at [51]).

13 This high threshold is not met in the present case.

14 It must be noted that the appellant had the benefit of legal representation
when he elected to plead guilty to the Second Charge. I am cognisant that the
appellant alleged that his Former Counsel failed to advise him to claim trial
to the Second Charge. However, the crux of the appellant’s contention in that
regard is that his Former Counsel did not advise him that pleading guilty to
the Second Charge would have an adverse effect on the cumulative sentence he
eventually received or on the DJ’s finding that there was no contributory link
between the appellant’s alleged psychiatric conditions and his commission of
the offences. Even if the appellant’s allegations were true, they have no
bearing on whether the appellant’s Former Counsel pressured him to plead
guilty to the Second Charge, of which there is no evidence.

15 On the contrary, the objective evidence shows that at the material time,
the appellant confirmed his intention to admit to the Second Charge without
qualification and that he understood the nature and consequences of his plea
of guilt. The Notes of Evidence illustrates that the appellant expressed his
intention to plead guilty to the Second Charge through both the Court Officer
and his Former Counsel. It further illustrates that the Former Counsel
specifically confirmed the appellant’s awareness of the mandatory minimum
sentence of imprisonment and mandatory caning associated with the Second
Charge. Likewise, the mitigation plea tendered on the appellant’s behalf
stated that the appellant decided to plead guilty to the Second Charge
“because he [did] not want to waste the Court’s resources and [did] not wish
[for] the Prosecution[’s] witnesses” to relive the trauma associated with the
appellant’s acts.

16 Indeed, in expressing dissatisfaction with the DJ’s decision to order the
sentences for both the First and Second Charges to run consecutively, the more
obvious inference to be drawn is that the appellant had simply come to regret
his decision to plead guilty after the specific sentence had been imposed
(Dinesh at [49]). Disappointment over a sentence different from one that was
hoped for, however, is never an acceptable basis for allowing an accused
person to seek belatedly to retract his plea of guilt (Chng Leng Khim v Public
Prosecutor and another matter [2016] 5 SLR 1219 at [12]).

17 Thus, I find that there is no merit to the appellant’s attempt to retract
his plea of guilt to the Second Charge.

Appellant’s allegations against his Former Counsel

18 I now turn to an ancillary issue that the appellant raised in this appeal,
namely that his Former Counsel acted negligently in failing to (a) call his
psychiatrist, Dr Ang Yong Guan (“Dr Ang”) to testify at the trial; (b) adduce
Dr Ang’s psychiatric report in evidence; (c) brief the appellant on what
transpired in chambers (between the Trial Judge, the DPP and the Former
Counsel) which “led to Dr Ang being absent in Court”; and (d) advise him to
claim trial to the Second Charge. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AS at [12]–[30].

19 On affidavit, the Former Counsel stated that Dr Ang was not called as a
witness at the trial because the appellant was unable to afford Dr Ang’s fees.
He further denied advising the appellant to contest only the First Charge
because of the appellant’s indigence and highlighted that the appellant did
not raise any objections when asked by the DJ if he intended to plead guilty
to the Second Charge. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mohamed Muzammil bin Mohamed’s Affidavit dated 28 April 2022 at [10]–[18].

20 At this juncture, I should point out that this appeal is not the proper
forum to determine whether the Former Counsel acted in breach of his
professional duties. The only germane issue is whether the Former Counsel’s
conduct of the matter casts doubt on the propriety of the appellant’s
conviction.

21 In this regard, an appellant seeking to overturn his conviction on the
basis that he did not receive adequate legal assistance must first show that
the trial counsel’s conduct of the case fell so clearly below an objective
standard of what a reasonable counsel would or would not have done in the
particular circumstances of the case that the conduct could be fairly
described as flagrant or egregious incompetence or indifference.

22 At this stage of the analysis, it will not be enough to show that some
other counsel, especially eminent or experienced ones, would have taken a
different approach. Counsel must be given the latitude in deciding how to
conduct the case. If inadequate legal assistance from previous counsel is
proved, the second step is to show that there is a nexus between the counsel’s
conduct of the case and the court’s decision in the matter to demonstrate a
case of miscarriage of justice. The appellant must show that there is a “real
possibility” that any inadequate assistance has caused a miscarriage of
justice (Mohammad Farid bin Batra v Public Prosecutor and another appeal and
other matters [2020] 1 SLR 907 (“Mohammad Farid”) at [135]–[139]).

23 Even if I assume that the appellant satisfies the first stage of the
Mohammad Farid test – which, for the avoidance of doubt, I do not make any
finding on – the appellant has failed to show how any alleged inadequate
assistance on the Former Counsel’s part has occasioned a miscarriage of
justice.

24 Pertinently, Dr Ang’s evidence – as expressed in two reports dated 20 July
2018 and 17 August 2020 respectively – was only relevant (if at all) to the
appellant’s sentence. It had no bearing on the appellant’s conviction.
Moreover, Dr Ang’s reports were, in fact, adduced in mitigation and considered
by the DJ who stated that he was mindful of Dr Ang’s opinion but ultimately
found that the appellant “was fully aware of what he was doing in the
commission of the offences”.

25 Likewise, even if the Former Counsel had advised the appellant to plead
guilty to the Second Charge, there was no evidence that the appellant was
pressured into doing so (see [9] to [13] above). Counsel has “not only a
right, but a duty to advise an accused [person] as to the weakness of his case
[and] as to the probable outcome of the trial” (R v Lamoureux (1984) 13 CCC
(3d) 101 at [17]).

26 As such, I decline to overturn the appellant’s conviction on the basis that
he received inadequate legal assistance.

Appeal against sentence

27 Finally, I consider the appellant’s appeal against his sentence.

28 At the outset, I highlight that both the First and Second Charges fall
within the ambit of ss 337(1)(b)(ii) and 337(1)(c) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed). There is therefore no scope for the court to
impose a Mandatory Treatment Order. It is a legal impossibility.

29 While the appellant contends that the DJ erred in finding that (a) the
dominant sentencing principle in this case is deterrence (and not
rehabilitation); and (b) there was no causal link between his alleged
psychiatric conditions (set out in Dr Ang’s report dated 20 July 2018) and his
commission of the offences, I find that there is no merit in either
submission.

30 There is no basis for the appellant’s suggestion that he was suffering from
depression or anxiety or that these purported conditions materially
contributed to his offending. Succinctly, I find that the DJ was amply
justified in finding that “there was premeditation and the [appellant] was
fully aware of what he was doing in the commission of the offences”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 413.

In respect of the First Charge, as I alluded to at [10] above, the appellant
does not dispute that on the material date, he saw V1 and PW4 at the void
deck, followed them into a lift, took the lift to the seventh floor to keep
observation of V1 (who was on the sixth floor) and later approached V1 (when
she was alone) with the intention of outraging her modesty (see GD at [12]).
These actions evinced a high degree of volition fundamentally inconsistent
with Dr Ang’s claim that the appellant committed the offences in a “dazed and
dissociative state”.

31 For completeness, I should add here that, for the same reasons, the DJ was
correct to reject the Defence’s application for a Newton Hearing to determine
if the appellant suffered from any psychiatric conditions which materially
contributed to his offences. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP at p 389.

As Sundaresh Menon CJ explained in Kanagaratnam Nicholas Jens v Public
Prosecutor [2019] 5 SLR 887, “the Court may decline to convene a Newton
hearing if the case sought to be advanced is absurd or obviously untenable”
(at [37]).

32 Following from the above, there is no basis for the appellant’s submission
that rehabilitation is the dominant sentencing principle engaged on the facts
of the present case. I agree with the Prosecution’s submission that
rehabilitation recedes as a relevant sentencing principle given the serious
nature of the offences committed. Indeed, even if the appellant had suffered
from anxiety and depression at the material time (which, I reiterate, was
unsupported by the objective evidence), the egregiousness and nature of the
appellant’s offences would have rendered deterrence the foremost sentencing
consideration (Public Prosecutor v Siow Kai Yuan Terence [2020] 4 SLR 1412 at
[43]).

33 Likewise, I see no basis to interfere with either the individual or the
aggregate sentence(s) imposed by the DJ. It must be remembered that each
charge attracted a mandatory minimum imprisonment term of three years and
mandatory caning.

34 The DJ’s sentence on the First Charge gave adequate weight to several
aggravating factors, including that V1 was significantly younger than 14 years
of age and the premeditated nature of the offence. The sentence the DJ imposed
in respect of the Second Charge – three years’ imprisonment and two strokes of
the cane – cannot, in view of the mandatory minimum sentence, be said to be
manifestly excessive.

35 Finally, the DJ was justified in ordering both sentences to run
consecutively; the underlying offences related to two separate victims and
were committed on distinct occasions over a period of approximately four
months. The aggregate sentence of seven years and six months’ imprisonment and
six strokes of the cane cannot be considered crushing in view of the egregious
acts directed at young, vulnerable school-going children.

36 For the above reasons, I dismiss the appeal against conviction and
sentence.

Vincent Hoong

Judge of the High Court

The appellant in person and unrepresented;

Sruthi Boppana and Teo Pei Rong Grace

(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Jul 2022 (12:18 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

