Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 135

Originating Summons No 302 of 2022

In the matter of Sections 120 and 122 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

Between

Loganathan Ravishankar

… Plaintiff

And

ACIES Law Corporation

… Defendant

judgment

[Legal Profession — bill of costs — taxation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Loganathan Ravishankar

  
v

  

ACIES Law Corp

[2022] SGHC 135

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 302 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
26 May 2022

8 June 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff and a company controlled by the plaintiff, MyJet Asia Pte Ltd
(“MyJet”), were clients of the defendant law firm. The defendant issued three
invoices to the plaintiff in relation to work done for the pre-action stage
and the discovery stage in HC/S 731/2019. The first invoice, for $82,389.60
(“the 1st Invoice”), is dated 23 July 2019; the second invoice, for
$156,812.76 (“the 2nd Invoice”), is dated 7 July 2020; and the third invoice,
for $426,347.92 (“the 3rd Invoice”), is dated 1 July 2021.

2 The 1st and 2nd Invoices have been paid by MyJet. MyJet is currently under
liquidation, and the liquidator of MyJet is not challenging the payments on
those invoices. In relation to the 3rd Invoice, the defendant sued the
plaintiff in HC/S 670/2021 (“S 670") for payment, but discontinued the suit
subsequently because the parties entered into a settlement agreement (“the
Settlement Agreement”). Following the Settlement Agreement, MyJet made partial
payments on the 3rd Invoice by issuing five post-dated cheques to the
defendant. The plaintiff now seeks to have the three invoices taxed. The
relevant provisions in the Legal Profession Act 1996 (2020 Rev Ed) (“LPA”)
governing the taxation of a solicitor’s bill of costs are set out below:

120(1) — An order for the assessment of a bill of costs delivered by any
solicitor may be obtained on an application made by original application or,
where there is a pending action, by summons by the party chargeable therewith,
or by any person liable to pay the bill either to the party chargeable or to
the solicitor, at any time within 12 months from the delivery of the bill, or,
by the solicitor, after the expiry of one calendar month and within 12 months
from the delivery of the bill.

...

122 — After the expiry of 12 months from the delivery of the bill of costs, or
after payment of the bill, no order is to be made for assessment of a
solicitor’s bill of costs, except upon notice to the solicitor and under
special circumstances to be proved to the satisfaction of the court.

3 In relation to the 1st and 2nd Invoices, the defendant says that the
plaintiff has no locus standi to seek taxation because MyJet is under
liquidation and the plaintiff has no right to speak on behalf of MyJet. The
defendant further says that since the 1st and 2nd Invoices had been fully paid
and were issued more than 12 months ago, the plaintiff has to satisfy the
court that there are special circumstances to justify taxation.

4 Dealing first with the issue of locus standi, s 120(1) of the LPA provides
that any party chargeable with the bill of costs or any person liable to pay
the bill would be entitled to apply for taxation. In the present case, both
the plaintiff and MyJet are parties to the Letter of Engagement (“LOE”) issued
by the defendant. The LOE expressly provides that the defendant is acting for
both the plaintiff and MyJet and that both of them will be “personally
responsible” for the payment of the defendant’s legal fees. This suggests that
the plaintiff and MyJet are intended to be jointly and severally liable for
the payment of the defendant’s fees. This intention is further supported by
the defendant commencing S 670 against both the plaintiff and MyJet for the
non-payment of the 3rd Invoice. Since the plaintiff is personally liable to
pay the defendant’s bills, I am of the opinion that the plaintiff himself was
intended to be “a party liable to pay the bill” under s 120 of the LPA.
Therefore, notwithstanding the fact that MyJet is under liquidation, the
plaintiff has locus standi to apply for taxation under s 120 of the LPA in his
personal capacity.

5 Given that 12 months have elapsed from the delivery of the 1st and 2nd
Invoices and the two invoices had already been fully paid, s 122 of the LPA
would be applicable and the plaintiff needs to satisfy the court that there
are special circumstances that warrant the taxation of the bill of costs. The
determination of what amounts to special circumstances is a fact-sensitive
inquiry. In Kosui Singapore Pte Ltd v Thangavelu [2015] 5 SLR 722 (“Kosui”),
Justice Vinodh Coomaraswamy held that an example of special circumstances
would be if the bill of costs fails to provide sufficient information to
enable the client to make an informed decision on whether or not to seek
taxation (at [61]). In Wee Harry Lee v Haw Par Brothers International Ltd
[1979–1980] SLR(R) 603 (“Wee Harry Lee”), the bills of costs were not itemized
but set out in narration form the professional services rendered in the
matters and ended with the lump sum figures. The Court of Appeal held that
“the presentation of a final lump sum figure to represent the costs of all the
items without attributing individual costs to each particular item ...
[amounted to] special circumstances justifying the Court to order taxation”
(at [13]).

6 In the present case, the 1st and 2nd Invoices show a similar format as the
bills in Wee Harry Lee. They provide itemizations of the work done and lump
sum figures at the end of the bills to represent the total costs of all the
items, with no details on the costs of each individual item. Although the
invoices stated the total hours each lawyer spent and their respective hourly
rates, I am of the view that this does not provide the client with sufficient
information to understand how the legal services were charged. Furthermore,
the defendant charged the client $715,161.31 in professional charges for work
done in the pre-action stage and part of the discovery process, and $11,536.09
in disbursements for printing, photocopying, and postage charges. Considering
the quantum of the bills and the nature of the work done, I am of the view
that, unless explained, the bills appear excessive. Therefore, I find that
these are special circumstances justifying the taxation of the 1st and 2nd
Invoices under s 122 of the LPA.

7 As for the 3rd Invoice, the defendant says that there is an effective and
binding compromise between the parties under the Settlement Agreement and the
plaintiff is no longer entitled to seek taxation of the 3rd Invoice. The
defendant cites an Australian case, Connolly Suthers v Geoffrey Ellis Frost
[1994] QCA 285 (“Connolly”), in support of its position. In Connolly, the law
firm billed the client for $70,289.41 for work done but the parties
subsequently entered into a deed of compromise and agreed to a settlement sum
of $57,000.00. The law firm subsequently sued the client on the deed of
compromise and the client sought to tax the bills. The Supreme Court of
Queensland held that once there is an effective and binding compromise between
the parties, the claim is no longer on the invoice for legal fees but on the
deed of compromise which was not susceptible to taxation. I agree with the
rationale in Connolly.

8 The plaintiff says that there is no valid settlement agreement because the
parties did not agree on a settlement sum. The evidence shows otherwise. The
parties’ correspondences shows that the plaintiff had agreed to pay the
defendant the amount claimed in S 670 ($426,347.92), in exchange for the
defendant filing the Notice of Continuance for S 670 on 30 August 2021. This
was acknowledged by the plaintiff himself in his first affidavit. Accordingly,
I find that there is a valid and enforceable settlement agreement between the
parties to compromise S 670.

9 By entering into the Settlement Agreement, the plaintiff agreed to subsume
all claims and disputes concerning the 3rd Invoice, including disputes over
the quantum of the bill, into a contract with the defendant. Unless the
Settlement Agreement is set aside, the plaintiff must now comply with the
terms of the Settlement Agreement. As in Connolly, by entering into the
Settlement Agreement, the plaintiff’s obligation to pay the defendant
$426,347.92 arises from the plaintiff’s promise to compromise an action and no
longer bears the character of payment for the defendant’s legal services.
Consequently, the plaintiff is not entitled under s 120 of the LPA to tax the
3rd Invoice.

10 For the aforementioned reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s application to tax
the 1st and 2nd Invoices but dismiss the application to tax the 3rd Invoice. I
will hear the question of costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Arivanantham s/o Krishnan and Lam Yiting Joelle (AGP Law LLC) for plaintiff;  
Devinder Kumar s/o Ram Sakal Rai and Leong Wen Jia Nicholas (ACIES Law
Corporation) for defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Jun 2022 (12:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

