Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 17

District Court Appeal No 40 of 2022

Between

WCO

… Appellant

And

WCP

… Respondent

Judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial Assets — Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WCO

  
v

  

WCP

[2022] SGHCF 17

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 40 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
30 June 2022

26 July 2022 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties were married on 6 April 2013. Interim Judgment was granted on 10
February 2021. At the hearing below, in respect of the matrimonial property, a
HDB flat (“Matrimonial Property”), the District Judge (“DJ”) found that the
proportion of parties’ financial contributions was 58.899:41.101 in favour of
the Wife. On the assets to be included into the matrimonial pool, the parties
did not specify which assets were pre-marital and were thus to be excluded
from the pool for division. To this, the DJ ordered, inter alia, to include
all assets declared by the parties into the pool for division. The DJ ordered
that averaging the parties’ direct contribution ratio of 67:32 and the
parties’ indirect contribution ratio of 60:40, the overall ratio was 64:36 in
favour of the Wife.

2 In the present appeal, the Wife appeals against the DJ’s decision on the
division of assets and on the costs of the entire proceedings. The Wife says
that the DJ erred in including all the declared assets into the pool for
division as the parties had only intended to divide the Matrimonial Property.
The Wife accepts that at the trial below, she only wanted a division of the
Matrimonial Property and did not ask for a division of the Husband’s other
assets. Other than the Matrimonial Property, the Husband did not declare his
other assets and also did not take a position as to which of the Wife’s assets
should be included in the pool. She says that the other assets include those
acquired before the marriage, and it would not be just and equitable to her if
they are all taken as matrimonial assets. The total assets for division should
thus be the value of the Matrimonial Property, which is $358,421.90, with an
overall ratio of 64:36 in favour of the Wife.

3 The Husband agrees that it was difficult to prove whether the assets other
than the Matrimonial Property were acquired during the marriage or were pre-
marital assets. He also agrees that the parties had originally intended to
divide only the Matrimonial Property. However, he says that the overall ratio
should be 59:41 in favour of the Wife.

4 Since the parties are in agreement that only the Matrimonial Property is to
be divided, I am of the view that the ratio proposed by the Husband is fairer.
The total value of the pool for division is therefore the value of the
Matrimonial Property, which is $358,421.90, or the actual amount for which the
Matrimonial Property is sold in the open market, whichever amount is higher.

5 I agree with the Husband on the overall ratio, but will round it to 60:40 in
favour of the Wife. Although the DJ below found that the overall ratio was to
be 64:36 in favour of the Wife, the DJ had taken into account other assets in
the Wife’s name which parties have now agreed to exclude. Since the only asset
to be included in the pool is the Matrimonial Property, the direct
contributions ratio is 58.899:41.101 in favour of the Wife. Averaging the
direct contribution ratio and indirect contribution ratio, I find that the
overall average ratio is as follows:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions (to Matrimonial Property)| 58.899| 41.101  
Indirect contributions| 60| 40  
Average Ratio| 59.45 ≈ 60| 40.55 ≈ 40  
  
6 For the aforementioned reasons, I allow the appeal in part. As the Wife has
only succeeded to the extent mentioned above, I make no orders as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Ong Meng Hwa William and Yap Bock Heng Christopher (Alpha Law LLC) for the
appellant;  
Respondent in-person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Jul 2022 (11:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

