Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 201

Suit No 860 of 2020

Between

| Enjin Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Pritchard Lilia  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract — Contractual terms — Bonuses]

[Contract — Formation — Oral Agreement]

[Evidence — Privilege — Communications during marriage — Section 124 Evidence
Act 1893]

[Civil Procedure — Inherent powers — Anonymisation and redaction of judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Enjin Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Pritchard Lilia

[2022] SGHC 201

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 860 of 2020  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
18–22, 25–29 April, 14 July 2022

22 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 This dispute over whether the defendant was entitled to transfer monies and
digital tokens from the plaintiff to herself turns on whether either of two
oral agreements were entered into between the plaintiff’s co-founder and the
defendant. One is said to have happened while that co-founder and the
defendant were still husband and wife, while the second is said to have
happened after they had divorced. In relation to the first of these oral
agreements, I have had to consider the applicability of marital privilege to
messages between them.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff is Enjin Pte Ltd (“Enjin”), a blockchain and cryptocurrency
technology company in the business of developing and operating proprietary
blockchain software products and platforms. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 3.

Enjin was co-founded by Mr Maxim Blagov (“Mr Blagov”) and Mr Witold Radomski
(“Mr Radomski”). Mr Blagov is Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of Enjin, while
Mr Radomski is Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”). They are the only directors
and shareholders of Enjin. Mr Blagov holds 67% of the shares in Enjin while Mr
Radomski holds the remaining 33%. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Blagov’s AEIC at paras 3, 15 and 17(a).

3 The defendant is Ms Lilia Pritchard (“Ms Pritchard”). She was the Chief
Financial Officer (“CFO”) of Enjin before she resigned on 22 April 2020. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 5.

Prior to that, she was the Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) of Enjin from
October 2017 to early 2019. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 29.

She was also married to Mr Blagov from 2004 until they divorced in 2019. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 11.

Background to the dispute

4 In 2004, Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski started a business known as “Surreal
Media”. Because Ms Pritchard was married to Mr Blagov at the time, she became
involved in the business. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 12.

Some time later, in 2009, Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski incorporated “Enjin Pty
Ltd” in Australia. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 15.

In 2012, Enjin was incorporated in Singapore and Enjin Pty Ltd was wound up in
Australia. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 17.

Ms Pritchard was involved in Enjin’s business from its incorporation, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 28.

but the precise scope of her role is disputed. Common ground, nonetheless, is
that Ms Pritchard has never been a shareholder of Enjin, has never been a
director of Enjin, and there is no written employment contract between her and
Enjin.

5 Prior to 2017, Enjin was a video gaming platform company. In 2017, Enjin
changed strategy and focused instead on developing a proprietary blockchain
technology for software developers. Their technology allowed software
developers to integrate digital tokens within their games, applications and
other programs. Enjin began issuing a digital token called “ENJ Coin” (“ENJ”)
which was based on the Ethereum network. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Blagov’s AEIC at paras 20–22.

ENJ is a utility token that can be used to create digital assets. There is a
fixed amount of ENJ because there is no way to create new ENJ. Therefore,
using ENJ to create digital assets gives the asset scarcity and value. In late
2017, through an Initial Coin Offering (“ICO”), Enjin created 1bn ENJ and sold
around 700m ENJ to the public to raise capital. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

21 April 2022 Transcript, p 182 line 6 to p 183 line 13.

6 During the ICO, around 260m ENJ was retained by Enjin, out of which around
30m to 50m was set aside for Enjin employees. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

21 April 2022 Transcript, p 184 lines 3 to 12.

This is because Enjin paid some performance bonuses in ENJ. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 30.

Out of the total sum set aside for employees, Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski set
aside individual amounts of ENJ for some of their employees, including Ms
Pritchard. Around the time of the ICO, 6m ENJ was set aside for Ms Pritchard,
as reflected in an Excel spreadsheet that was tendered in evidence 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Exhibit “D2”.

and which I will refer to as the “ENJ allocation spreadsheet”. A key point of
dispute in this suit is the legal significance of setting aside this figure –
whether it was a provisional, earmarked figure that was subject to change at
the discretion of Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski, or a final and irrevocable award.
Before coming to a conclusion on that issue, I will simply refer to the sum of
6m ENJ neutrally as having been “set aside for” or “allocated to” Ms Pritchard
in late 2017.

7 In March 2019, 3m ENJ, out of the 6m ENJ set aside for her, was paid to Ms
Pritchard in the form of USD$300,000 (its value at the time). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 43.

8 Around the time of the ICO, Ms Pritchard was formally appointed COO of
Enjin. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 23.

In February 2019, Ms Pritchard was given the role of CFO of Enjin. In August
2019, she was replaced as COO by Mr Caleb Applegate (“Mr Applegate”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 23.

9 2019 was also when Ms Pritchard and Mr Blagov’s marriage came to an end. The
divorce proceedings commenced in July 2019 and final judgment was granted in
November 2019. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 11.

In late 2019, Ms Pritchard entered a serious relationship with a new partner.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 10.

10 On 7 February 2020, in a Slack (the messaging platform used by Enjin)
conversation, Ms Pritchard informed Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski that she was
still waiting for her payment of 3m ENJ. They responded to say that it
“need[ed] to be vested” and would be sent in “vested portions” because it was
a large amount. They told her that none of the other employees had received
the “full amount”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB/B 109–110.

Sometime in February 2020 after this conversation, Ms Pritchard was awarded
500,000 ENJ. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 38.

11 On 20 April 2020, Ms Pritchard told Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski in a Slack
conversation that she wanted the remaining 2.5m ENJ that was due to her to be
paid in either cash or Bitcoin. Mr Blagov responded that they needed to have a
meeting to discuss “everything”. Ms Pritchard objected and said that no
meeting was necessary. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB/B 175.

From this exchange, Mr Blagov became concerned that Ms Pritchard might use her
access to Enjin’s financial accounts to pay her bonus to herself. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 45–46.

He therefore took precautionary measures to prevent this. He called Standard
Chartered Bank (“SCB”) to instruct them to cancel the digital bank tokens
which were in Ms Pritchard’s possession. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 47.

He also changed the passwords on some of Enjin’s other payment accounts. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 56.

12 The next day, he asked Ms Pritchard to return the device tokens and other
Enjin paperwork because he assumed that she did not to intend to continue
working at Enjin. Ms Pritchard responded that she planned on continuing to
work, and she needed those items to carry out her work. On 22 April 2020 at
7.48 am, Mr Blagov told her that the tokens needed to be in the director’s
possession, and that there needed to be a discussion so that they could move
forward. At 8.28 am, Ms Pritchard replied that the discussion was “straight
forward” – just send her 2.5m ENJ. She also said that if the ENJ was withheld
past that day, she would assume that Enjin had no intention of ever
transferring it to her. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB/B 175.

At 7.54 pm on 22 April 2020, Ms Pritchard sent a letter of resignation to the
Enjin team, stating that she was leaving the company with great regret because
Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski were refusing to give her the 2.5m ENJ that she had
been promised during the ICO. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB/A 214.

13 On 22 and 23 April 2020, Ms Pritchard carried out the following
transactions from Enjin’s accounts:

(a) On 22 April at 7.01 pm, she purchased two laptops worth S$6,546.64 and
S$5,538.00 on Amazon Singapore using Enjin’s TransferWise corporate debit
card. The transaction for the laptop worth S$5,538.00 was unsuccessful. Later,
at 10.44 pm, she purchased two headphones for the total price of S$1,078. I
will refer to the successful purchases (one laptop and two headphones)
collectively as the “Amazon Purchases”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 81.

(b) On 22 April 2020, she executed a transfer of 42,000 ENJ and 3.3 Ethereum
tokens (“ETH”) from Enjin’s virtual wallet to her personal virtual wallet. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

S/N 9 of the Main Facts Not in Dispute in the Parties’ Revised List of Issues
and Common Ground dated 8 April 2022 (“Agreed Facts”).

(c) On 23 April 2020, she made two transfers of S$50,000 and S$357,000 (total
S$407,000) from Enjin’s corporate account with SCB to a joint account that she
held with Mr Blagov (the “Joint Account”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

S/N 6 of Agreed Facts.

(d) On 23 April 2020, she transferred a total of S$209,304.86 from the Joint
Account to her personal bank accounts. She then sent S$5,828 from one of her
personal accounts back to the Joint Account. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

S/N 7 of Agreed Facts.

14 On 5 May 2020, Enjin commenced this suit seeking, amongst other things,
recovery of S$209,304.86 (money transferred from its SCB account), S$9,337
(the value of the ENJ and ETH transferred from its virtual wallet) and
S$7,7624.64 (the value of the Amazon Purchases), as well as claims for breach
of confidence and wrongful acts in relation its Telegram channel. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC (Amendment No 2) at pp 23–24.

Ms Pritchard responded with a counterclaim for 2.5m ENJ. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at paras 56–60.

Procedural history

Transfer to High Court

15 Enjin first brought its claim in the District Court because it was for a
sum below S$250,000. However, the counterclaim brought by Ms Pritchard
exceeded S$250,000 and accordingly the proceedings were transferred to the
High Court. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Order of Court dated 4 August 2020 in HC/OS 746/2020.

Proprietary injunction

16 On 3 June 2020, the District Court granted a proprietary injunction
restraining Ms Pritchard from disposing of the balance monies transferred by
her to herself, namely S$197,672, and from disposing of the 42,000 ENJ and 3.3
ETH transferred by her from Enjin’s virtual wallet to her personal wallet (the
“Injunction”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Order of Court dated 3 June 2020 in DC/DC 1139/2020 (DC/SUM 1556/2020).

Sealing order

17 On Enjin’s application, Mavis Chionh J granted on 9 July 2021 a sealing
order and an order that the trial take place in camera. Enjin also sought in
that application an order that any judgment in the case be redacted and
anonymised, but Chionh J made no order on that prayer. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Order of Court dated 9 July 2021 in HC/SUM 2494/2021.

18 I invited parties to consider if they wished to renew the application for
anonymisation and redaction of the judgment. Enjin did so by summons to which
Ms Pritchard consented on 28 July 2022. Prior to publication, I reviewed the
basis for such an order. It was said to flow from the previous order that
trial take place in camera. Enjin relied on O 42 r 2 of the Rules of Court
(2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) which provides:

Judgment in proceedings heard in camera (O. 42, r. 2)

2. Where proceedings are heard in camera pursuant to any written law, any judgment pronounced or delivered in such proceedings shall not be available for public inspection except that the Court may, on such terms as it may impose, allow an inspection of such judgment by, or a copy thereof to be furnished to, a person who is not a party to the proceedings.

19 Enjin submitted that the courts have consistently redacted and/or
anonymised trial judgments where proceedings were held in camera. That was
unsurprising because, in most cases, the considerations taken into account
when the decision was made for the proceedings to be held in camera would be
equally applicable at the time of publication of the judgment. This was not
such a case. In this case, the proceedings were held in camera because Enjin’s
claim for breach of confidence was said to involve highly commercially
sensitive information. As it happens, this claim was settled in the first few
days of trial and the trial did not involve any aspect of it, and nor does
this judgment. There is no commercially sensitive information that has to be
discussed in this judgment.

20 Even in cases where the proceedings were held in camera, the decision
whether to redact or anonymise a judgment is a separate and discretionary one,
as illustrated by how Chionh J dealt with the original application. In one of
the cases cited by Enjin, BOK v BOL and another [2017] SGHC 316, Valerie Thean
J stated at [2] that she was “[e]xercising [her] discretion under O 42 r 2” to
publish the judgment on the terms that the parties’ names and details were
redacted. As per Chua Yi Jin Colin v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGHC 290 at
[37]:

Given the strong public interest in having justice be seen to be done, any
departure from the general rule of open justice is only justified “to the
extent and to no more than the extent that the court reasonably believes it to
be necessary in order to serve the ends of justice” (see [Attorney-General v
Leveller Magazine Ltd and others [1979] 2 WLR 247] at 252).

In my view, there was no reason for this judgment to be redacted or anonymised
and I declined to do so.

Contempt proceedings

21 In breach of the Injunction, Ms Pritchard disposed of the 42,000 ENJ and
3.3 ETH held in her personal virtual wallet. On application by Enjin for
committal, Ms Pritchard was found by me to have committed contempt and was
fined on 29 October 2021. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Order of Court dated 29 October 2021 in HC/SUM 3692/2021.

In mitigation, she had restored equivalent amounts of tokens to another
personal wallet and given a fresh undertaking to the court in respect of the
same.

Consent order settling breach of confidence and other claims

22 Enjin initially had further claims against Ms Pritchard, but these claims
were settled by a consent order in the course of trial.

Preliminary issue: Marital communications privilege

23 Prior to trial, an evidentiary issue arose regarding certain parts of Ms
Pritchard’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”).

24 Ms Pritchard’s AEIC described and included certain communications between
herself and Mr Blagov which took place during their marriage. Enjin submitted
that these communications were protected by marital communications privilege.
They relied on s 124 of the Evidence Act 1893 (“EA”), which provides that:

No person who is or has been married shall be compelled to disclose any
communication made to him during marriage by any person to whom he is or has
been married; nor shall he be permitted to disclose any such communication
unless the person who made it or his representative in interest consents,
except in suits between married persons or proceedings in which one married
person is prosecuted for any crime committed against the other.

25 Enjin argued that the prohibition on disclosing any communication protected
by marital communications privilege as enshrined in s 124 EA was absolute,
subject only to the two exceptions contained in the section. This was not a
suit between married persons, because it was between Enjin and Ms Pritchard.
Nor were these proceedings where a married person was being prosecuted for a
crime committed against the other. Thus, all communications between Ms
Pritchard and Mr Blagov during the period of their marriage between 29 January
2004 and 15 November 2019 were protected by the privilege. Mr Blagov had not
consented to the disclosure of these communications. Thus, such communications
and the paragraphs describing them should be expunged from Ms Pritchard’s
AEIC. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions dated 24 Feb 2022 at paras 18–21.

26 Ms Pritchard contended that Enjin’s reading of s 124 EA was untenable,
because it was far wider than necessary to achieve the policy objectives
underlying the section. The better view was that s 124 EA only protected
communications that would not have been made but for the marital relationship
between the parties. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions dated 25 Feb 2022 at para 12.

Ms Pritchard’s alternative submission was that this suit was, in essence, a
dispute between herself and Mr Blagov, and thus the exception under s 124 EA
for disputes between spouses applied. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions dated 25 Feb 2022 at para 13.

27 At the hearing, I raised the fact that marital privilege may only be
invoked by the spouse or former spouse who made the communication. Here, the
party invoking the privilege was Enjin, rather than Mr Blagov. In response,
Enjin's counsel indicated that he had firm instructions from Mr Blagov to
commence an application on his behalf should that be necessary. Thus, I
decided that it was simpler and more convenient to proceed as if such an
application had been made.

Origins of the provision

28 Section 124 of the EA was based on s 122 of the Indian Evidence Act (Act No
1 of 1872) which was enacted in Singapore vide the Evidence Ordinance (No 3 of
1893). At the time, the statutory position in England with regard to privilege
between spouses was contained in the Evidence Amendment Act 1853 (“EAA 1853”).
There were two key aspects to the EAA 1853:

(a) Individuals were competent and compellable to give evidence in civil
proceedings involving their spouses. Section 1 provided that husbands and
wives of parties were to be admissible witnesses, meaning that they were
competent and compellable to give evidence in a trial involving their spouse.
This provision was enacted to displace the prevailing rule to the contrary
(see Rumping v Director of Public Prosecutions [1964] AC 814 (“Rumping”) at pp
856–858). However, this new rule did not apply to criminal proceedings by
virtue of s 2 of the EAA 1853.

(b) Individuals were not compellable in any proceedings to disclose
communications made to them by their spouse, pursuant to s 3 of the EAA 1853.
While witnesses were entitled to refuse to disclose martial communications,
they could do so if they wished (Rumping at p 858). Further, this privilege
only extended to communications made to, rather than by, the individual
(Rumping at p 859).

29 It is worth noting that the prohibitory aspect of s 124 EA, that no spouse
shall disclose marital communications without the consent of the other spouse,
(which is relevant here) was not present in the EAA 1853.

Singapore case law

30 There is limited case law on s 124 EA. In Lim Lye Hock v Public Prosecutor
[1994] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [33], the Court of Appeal explained the effect of s 124
EA:

Although the husband or wife of a person against whom proceedings are brought
is a competent and also a compellable witness, he or she is not compellable to
disclose any marital communication made to him or her by his or her spouse.
Further, even if he or she is prepared to disclose such communication, he or
she is not permitted to do so without the consent of his or her spouse.

[emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal described the prohibition against disclosing marital
communications as absolute, subject only to the consent of the spouse who made
the communication (or his or her representative in interest) and the two
exceptions contained in s 124 EA (at [32]).

31 In EQ Capital Investments Ltd v Sunbreeze Group Investments Ltd and others
[2017] SGHCR 15 (“EQ Capital”), the plaintiff (“EQ Capital”) argued that the
scope of the privilege under s 124 EA was limited to communications which
“would not have been the subject of discussion but for the existence of the
marital relation between the husband and wife” [emphasis added]: EQ Capital at
[2]. The AR did not agree with this proposition for the following reasons.

32 Based on the historical background of the legislature in England and India
relating to marital communications privilege the AR concluded that the
doctrine of marital communications privilege was rooted in the public interest
in the protection of marriages and the preservation of domestic harmony: EQ
Capital at [23]. The privilege promoted absolute frankness and candour in
marital communications, and avoided unhappiness that might arise if one spouse
were to reveal marital communications without the other’s permission. For the
privilege to be effective in doing so, it had to apply to all marital
communications.

33 EQ Capital relied on some American cases to make the argument that there
was a “business transaction exception” to marital communications privilege.
The AR dismissed this argument because the American statute that was
interpreted in those cases referred to “confidential communications” between
spouses. In contrast, s 124 of the EA referred to “any communications” between
spouses. There was therefore no room to read such an exception into s 124 EA:
EQ Capital at [28].

34 EQ Capital then argued that in fact, s 124 EA only applied to “confidential
communications”. It cited John Henry Wigmore, A Treatise on the Anglo-American
System of Evidence in Trials at Common Law: Including the Statutes and
Judicial Decisions of all Jurisdictions of the United States and Canada
(Little Brown, 2nd Ed, 1923) (“Wigmore”) which opined that because “the
essence of [marital communications] privilege is to protect confidences”
[emphasis added], only communications that are intended to be private would be
protected (at §2336). The AR did not agree for three reasons. First, the use
of the word “any” in s 124 EA could not be ignored. Any interpretation of s
124 EA which read a limitation into the statute would be contrary to its clear
words: EQ Capital at [30]. Secondly, the marital communications privilege was
meant to protect the relationship of confidence between spouses, rather than
specific communications between them. Thus, it would not be consistent with
the object of the statute expressed in its legislative history to protect some
communications between spouses, but not others: EQ Capital at [31]. Finally,
there would be considerable difficulties with applying any test to determine
which communications between spouses were confidential and which were not. The
“but for” test suggested by EQ Capital would be impossible to apply – the fact
that parties are married affects in some way all aspects of all communications
between them, so determining what would have been said between them regardless
of their relationship would be pure guesswork: EQ Capital at [32].

35 Thus, the AR concluded (at [34]) that marital communications privilege
extended to “all communications, ranging from the most quotidian of daily
banalities to the deepest intimacies, and must include matters relating to the
ordinary business affairs of the spouses” [emphasis in original]. The AR noted
EQ Capital’s final argument – that such a conclusion resulted in the practical
absurdity where a family-owned company whose board is made up of spouses was
able to resist disclosure of all company communications – but held that some
degree of unfairness in litigation accompanied all privileges, and that it was
for Parliament to decide where to strike that balance. The existence of s 124
EA in its current form made it clear where this balance had been struck with
regard to marital communications privilege.

36 The AR’s decision was appealed but Chua Lee Ming J dismissed the appeal.
Chua J was troubled by the fact that, in that case, communications between two
directors regarding the affairs of the company were being protected by marital
privilege, but broadly agreed with the AR’s reasons and considered that any
reform to s 124 EA (including its repeal) should come from Parliament.

My decision

37 First, I did not accept Ms Pritchard’s submission that s 124 EA was limited
to communications between spouses that would not have been made but for their
marital relationship. For broadly similar reasons to those given by the AR in
EQ Capital, such an interpretation is untenable on the wording of s 124 EA.
When interpreting a statute, the first step that a court must take is to
ascertain the possible interpretations of the provision, having regard not
just to the text of the provision but also to the context of that provision
within the written law as a whole: Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2
SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [37]. I do not see Ms Pritchard’s proposed
interpretation to be a possible interpretation of s 124 EA, which clearly
covers “any communication made to [a spouse] during marriage by any person to
whom he is or has been married”. Ms Pritchard’s proposed interpretation failed
to satisfy the first step set out in Tan Cheng Bock.

38 Nor did I accept Ms Pritchard’s submission that her interpretation should
be preferred because the courts can, and do, construe statutes in an
ambulatory manner, taking into account new situations which arise and were not
within contemplation at the time of the statute’s enactment. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions dated 25 Feb 2022 at para 47.

Assuming arguendo that when s 124 EA was enacted it was not commonplace for
husbands and wives to be in business together, it might be said that the
injustice resulting from the situation where a spouse was prevented by s 124
EA from adducing relevant evidence in a commercial dispute would have been
occasional when the section was enacted but would now be far more common.
However, I disagreed with Ms Pritchard’s submission that s 124 EA must be
interpreted more narrowly to avoid injustice and to account for this change in
societal circumstances. Ms Pritchard cited AAG v Estate of AAH, deceased
[2010] 1 SLR 769 (“AAG”) at [30], where the Court of Appeal held that:

It is a settled principle that a statutory provision should be construed in a
manner which will take into account new situations which may arise and which
were not within contemplation at the time of its enactment... The court is to
apply to an ongoing Act a construction that continuously updates its wording
to allow for changes since the Act was initially framed (see Francis Alan
Roscoe Bennion, Bennion on Statutory Interpretation – A Code (LexisNexis, 5th
Ed, 2008) at p 889 (on s 288(2)). A statutory provision should not be regarded
as a historical document but a document written with an eye to the indefinite
future, ie, that it will be applied not only to facts in existence at the time
it came into force but also to conditions and circumstances which may surface
in the future (see Ruth Sullivan, Driedger on the Construction of Statutes
(Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1994) at p 139).

39 In my view, the Court of Appeal’s remarks in AAG did not assist Ms
Pritchard. There, the court was making the point that the things that words in
a statute may encompass may change over time, with changes in technology or
social practices. As an illustration, when the drafters of s 124 EA chose the
word “communication”, they clearly did not contemplate e-mails. However, given
that e-mails are now frequently used by people to convey information to each
other, it is clear that the word “communication” in s 124 EA would include
them. This is consistent with the first step in Tan Cheng Bock. Here, Ms
Pritchard’s argument was not that any of the words in s 124 EA have broader
application now than they did in 1893. She was not suggesting that the meaning
of “any” had changed over time. Rather, she was suggesting that the court
disregard the meaning of s 124 EA in favour of an interpretation which, in her
view, would strike a more desirable balance between competing policy
objectives, given present social conditions.

40 Secondly, I dealt with Ms Prichard’s submission that the s 124 EA exception
applied to suits that were, in substance, between married persons, even if on
one side or both the spouse sued by corporate vehicle. I was not convinced
that this was the case as a matter of law, although it had some cogency. In
any event, given that there was a minority shareholder in Enjin, I was not
able to accept that this suit was, in substance, between Mr Blagov and Ms
Pritchard. The s 124 EA exception for disputes between spouses therefore did
not apply.

41 However, I was of the view that communications between spouses only fell
within s 124 EA if they were made between them in their capacity as spouses as
principals; thus, where a spouse communicated with a spouse on behalf of
another person, the section would not apply. In such cases, the communication
would be by the spouse's principal, rather than by the spouse. Section 124 EA
would not apply because it only applies to communications “by any person to
whom [the spouse] is or has been married.” One example of such a case may
arise where two spouses work for different companies that do business with
each other. If the wife acting for her employer offers to purchase something
from the husband’s employer, and conveys this offer to her husband, the
conveyance of that offer to her husband is not a marital communication. It is
a communication between the spouses’ respective employers that happens to take
place via the spouses. Another example arises where two spouses work for, or
are officers of, the same company. They may communicate with each other in
circumstances where the communication is part of the company's business and
forms part of the company's record. Take the case where the two spouses are
the only directors of that company. The minute kept by one of them of a board
meeting held between them without others present, or a communication between
them approving the entry by one of them into a contract with a third party on
behalf of the company, would not be protected by marital communications
privilege. Those would be records of the company or communications between the
company and either spouse.

42 In this case, Ms Pritchard was employed by Enjin first as its COO and then
as its CFO. Mr Blagov was its CEO and a 67% shareholder. Thus, it would not be
surprising that they communicated with each other concerning the terms of Ms
Pritchard's employment and her alleged entitlement to ENJ tokens. Mr Blagov's
communications with Ms Pritchard about these matters would arguably be made on
behalf of Enjin and be understood by Ms Pritchard as such given the usual
authority of a CEO – especially one who was also a majority shareholder. In
particular, I noted that even on Enjin’s own pleading, Ms Pritchard was
authorised to sign contracts on behalf of Mr Blagov so as to bind Enjin. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC (Amendment No 2) at para 13.

This meant that, necessarily, there would have been communications from Mr
Blagov to Ms Pritchard that would have been made on Enjin's behalf.

43 On this basis, I ordered that the paragraphs of Ms Pritchard’s AEIC (and
the documents exhibited to those paragraphs) which described communications
made to her by Mr Blagov which were not made on behalf of Enjin should be
expunged. I allowed the paragraphs and exhibits involving communications made
by Mr Blagov on Enjin’s behalf to remain in evidence.

The parties’ cases

Plaintiff’s case

44 Enjin’s case is that the S$209,304.86, 42,000 ENJ and 3.3 ETH which Ms
Pritchard transferred to herself from Enjin’s various accounts (“the Disputed
Sums”) were transferred without its consent. Thus, Ms Pritchard is liable to
return or repay those sums, either because she has been unjustly enriched,
because she has breached her duties as an Enjin employee, or because she has
breached her fiduciary duties to Enjin. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff Closing Submissions dated 10 June 2022 (“PCS”) at para 9.

As for the Amazon Purchases, they were not authorised by Enjin and even if
they were, they were not legitimate business expenses. She is therefore
required to repay the sum of S$7,624.64 to Enjin on the basis of her breach of
her implied duty of good faith and fidelity and/or because she has been
unjustly enriched in the value of the Amazon Purchases. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PCS at para 146.

45 Enjin’s response to Ms Pritchard’s counterclaim is that she is not entitled
to the 2.5m ENJ. While 6m ENJ was set aside for her some time in 2017, this
sum was merely earmarked for her and would be awarded over time at the sole
discretion of Enjin’s directors. This was in accordance with Enjin’s standard
procedure for all its staff. After awarding 3m ENJ to Ms Pritchard in March
2019, Enjin’s directors exercised their discretion to award her only 500,000
ENJ in February 2020 in light of her poor work performance. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at para 80.

The directors had taken notice of Ms Pritchard’s poor work performance from at
least August 2019. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCS at para 124.

Enjin also submits that, even if Ms Pritchard had any entitlement to 2.5m ENJ,
she waived her right to claim that 2.5m ENJ in these proceedings when she
transferred its equivalent value to herself (the sum of S$209,304.86). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at para 80.

Defendant’s case

46 Ms Pritchard’s case is that the Disputed Sums were transferred with Enjin’s
consent. This is because she entered an oral agreement with Mr Blagov on 22
April 2020 (“22 April Agreement”), and the Disputed Sums were transferred
pursuant to this agreement. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 190.

The terms of the 22 April Agreement were as follows: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCS at para 193.

(a) Ms Pritchard would write a formal letter of resignation.

(b) After doing so, she would transfer the equivalent monetary value of 2.5m
ENJ to her joint account with Mr Blagov.

(c) Mr Blagov would be entitled to 50% of that sum, and Ms Pritchard would be
entitled to the remainder.

(d) Ms Pritchard would transfer to herself the balance ENJ and ETH in one of
Enjin’s virtual wallets and Enjin would write these sums off because their
value was relatively low.

47 Ms Pritchard argues that she was awarded 6m ENJ in 2017 and is entitled to
the remaining 2.5m ENJ. In consideration of her longstanding efforts and
contributions to the business and success of the ICO, a bonus of 6m ENJ was
declared in her favour. This bonus was not subject to variation or any other
terms once it had been declared. It was a contractual entitlement. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS at paras 80–81.

The 22 April Agreement was reached to resolve this entitlement. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DCS at para 27.

Even if her entitlement to 2.5m ENJ was subject to variation at Enjin’s
discretion, this discretion was never exercised. The allegations about her
work performance being poor are untrue and are being used to retrospectively
justify withholding the 2.5m ENJ. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS at para 146.

If the position on her bonus entitlement appeared different from that of other
Enjin employees, that was simply because Ms Pritchard was treated more like Mr
Blagov and Mr Radomski because she was Mr Blagov’s wife, and had been involved
in Enjin’s business from the very beginning. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DCS at para 180.

48 Ms Pritchard’s counterclaim only becomes relevant if I find that a) she was
contractually entitled to 6m ENJ as of 2017 and b) there was no 22 April
Agreement. In that situation, Ms Pritchard claims 2.5m ENJ from Enjin, with
any sums that she is found to owe to Enjin to be set-off. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS at para 28.

49 As for the Amazon Purchases, it is Ms Pritchard’s case that these were
authorised purchases meant to replace items that she had used for work with
Enjin, and had become worn out in the process. She also submits that the
payment of S$1,078.00 was withdrawn by the issuer of Enjin’s card, and thus
Enjin has not suffered any loss in respect of this payment. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at para 234.

Issues to be determined

50 Thus, the following issues arise for my determination. I have adopted a
slightly modified version of parties agreed list of issues: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS, Annex A.

(a) Was Ms Pritchard entitled to 2.5m ENJ?

(b) Was there an agreement on 22 April 2020 between Mr Blagov and Ms Pritchard
to resolve her entitlement to 2.5m ENJ?

(c) If so, did Mr Blagov have the authority to enter the agreement on Enjin’s
behalf?

(d) Has Ms Pritchard waived her right to claim 2.5m ENJ in these proceedings?

(e) Was Ms Pritchard authorised to make the Amazon Purchases?

(f) If so, were they a legitimate business expense?

(g) If not, what loss did the Amazon Purchases cause Enjin?

Enjin’s claim for the Disputed Sums and Ms Pritchard’s counterclaim

Was Ms Pritchard entitled to 2.5m ENJ?

How this issue was framed

51 Both parties expended considerable effort in attacking each other’s cases
on this issue as being marked by imprecision, obfuscation and evolution over
time. By the closing submissions, however, the waters had cleared sufficiently
for a degree of common ground to emerge.

52 First, in connection with the creation of ENJ, Enjin published a white
paper (the “white paper”), that noted under the heading “Allocation” that of
the 1bn ENJ, 10% would be distributed to the “Team and Advisors”. Elsewhere in
the white paper, Ms Pritchard was named a member of the team. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at p 714–715.

The white paper also represented that team tokens would be locked for the
first 6 months and would be vested over a period of 24 months total. This note
read in full: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at p 732.

Team tokens are locked for the first 6 months and will be vested over a period
of 24 months total. Team members will be transferred 25% of their tokens after
6 months, and then 12.5% every 3 months afterward. The team list may be
updated during the 24 month vesting period.

53 Secondly, there were one or more occasions in 2017 when Mr Blagov and Mr
Radomski communicated with each other via Slack concerning the allocation of
ENJ to the team. During these discussions, the ENJ allocation spreadsheet was
worked on. Ms Pritchard was in the same room as Mr Blagov (to Mr Radomski’s
knowledge) and was involved at least to the extent of inputting figures into
the ENJ allocation spreadsheet. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript (20 April 2022) p 61 line 15 to p 64 line 19.

54 The allocation exercise undertaken by Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski was plainly
linked to what was stated in the white paper. Part of the quote from the white
paper cited at [52] above was reproduced on the ENJ allocation spreadsheet. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Exhibit “D2”.

55 A claim by an employee for unpaid remuneration must rest in contract. In
relation to bonus, it is common for an employee to be given the right to
participate in a bonus scheme. A typical bonus scheme might involve an annual
consideration of an employee’s performance and then a declaration of bonus.
The court would look to the terms of the bonus scheme to determine the
employee’s rights both before and after declaration. In this case however Ms
Pritchard’s counsel has specifically disavowed reliance on any right as an
employee to participate in the ENJ allocation exercise described in the white
paper. Instead, he has put her case on the basis of a standalone oral contract
that was formed during the 2017 discussions: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript (14 July 2022) p 6 line 27 to p 7 line 6. I have corrected the
transcript based on the audio recording from “disdain to discreet” to
“distinct or discrete”.

Lok: Yes, yes, yes. So, Your Honour, I think the analysis would be this, there
wasn’t an employment contract between the plaintiff and the defendant. At
least there’s no written employment contract and we say that there is no
distinct or discrete contractual provision which entitles the defendant to a
bonus. But what we do have, Your Honour, is an agreement made in 2017 for the
defendant to be given or awarded---

Court: Yes, so---okay, so you’re saying it was an agreement. So that means
you’re suggesting that it is a standalone agreement, in which case I need to
know offer, acceptance and consideration.

Lok: Yes, Your Honour. What we say, Your Honour, is that those issues aren’t
really the issues which are engaged by the plaintiff in this case, because the
matter is really whether or not there is an award or it’s just merely an
earmarking.…

56 In presenting Ms Pritchard’s case on this basis, her counsel has
sidestepped the evidence adduced by Enjin that other employees’ ENJ
allocations as set out in the ENJ allocation spreadsheet were not guaranteed,
because they varied over time. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript (27 April 2022), pp 130–135.

He has also sidestepped the evidence that some other employees had provisions
in their written contracts that Ms Pritchard would have reviewed, by which the
award of ENJ tokens was discretionary. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 31.

More generally, he has sidestepped the point that for other members of the
Team any right to the ENJ tokens earmarked for them would arise only upon
vesting occurring prior to their leaving Enjin’s employment.

57 Contending for a standalone oral contract however brings into focus the
requirements for contract formation, namely offer, acceptance, consideration
and intention to create legal relations. The terms of the contract would also
have to be sufficiently certain.

My findings concerning what was said

58 Before I deal with these aspects, I first consider what plaintiff’s counsel
urged on me, namely that Ms Pritchard’s case must fail because she did not
prove the precise point of time when the contract was made. The plaintiff
relies on Day, Ashley Francis v Yeo Chin Huat Anthony and others [2020] 5 SLR
514 (“Ashley Francis Day”) at [38]–[39]. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS at para 96.

In my view, this reliance is misplaced. It is of course the case that the
formation of bilateral contracts requires an event, a point in time when
parties achieve the proverbial meeting of minds. As Aedit Abdullah J noted in
Ashley Francis Day at [49]:

… It is not desirable nor sufficient for a plaintiff to pool together a
universe of emails, messages and conduct, and argue that the collective sum of
these show that an agreement must have been reached, without showing when the
definitive point was.

However, that is not the same thing as proving the precise time that that
meeting of minds took place. A plaintiff may recall that a meeting took place
at which the contract was formed but not have recorded the date at that time
and be unable to remember the date when the matter is litigated. The plaintiff
may insist the meeting took place on one date and the defendant another, with
no way to tell who is right. Neither situation is fatal to a successful claim.
The question is whether the plaintiff has proved that an oral contract was
formed at that meeting, notwithstanding that the date of the meeting remains
unclear.

59 At the same time, in evaluating credibility and the balance of
probabilities, lack of clarity about dates may well count against the
plaintiff. It is not however fatal in law. It is simply one point to be
considered against the totality of the evidence.

60 Thus, there is no shortcut as contended by Enjin’s counsel. It is necessary
for the court to determine what happened as a matter of fact and then apply
the law of contract formation to those facts.

61 Ms Pritchard’s AEIC was short on details. She said: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at para 42.

Due to the massive success of Enjin’s ICO in 2017 and in consideration of my
efforts and contributions to the business since its incorporation from 2007, I
was awarded a total of 6 million ENJ token as a bonus from the pool of ENJ
tokens for the Team that was stated in the ICO Whitepaper. To my
understanding, there were no caveats or conditions attached to the bonus where
the amount of bonus could be varied, or additional terms imposed in relation
to it. I had rightfully earned the same after years of being part of the
management of Enjin and for being instrumental to the success of the ICO.

62 I would make three comments on this evidence (other than its lack of
detail). First, it is phrased as an award of bonus for past performance and
contribution, not as a free-standing contract. Secondly, it dates that
contribution from 2007, when Enjin was only incorporated in 2012. Thirdly, it
dates the award to a time after the ICO succeeded. As the fund raising
achieved by the ICO itself, as opposed to presales, occurred in November 2017,
this would date it to November or December 2017 at the earliest.

63 Ms Pritchard’s evidence at trial was both more detailed and different in
substance. She testified that Mr Blagov told her she would get 6m ENJ in their
home office sometime in September 2017. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript (27 April 2022), pp 75–77.

She explained that what she meant by award was as follows: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript (27 April 2022), p 79 lines 1–5.

When I say award, I’m saying, look this is yours, I’m promising you this
amount, I’m awarding you this. Whether it is paid at a later date or not, this
is what you get. That’s awarding.

64 Enjin’s counsel contended that Ms Pritchard had opportunistically tailored
her evidence to fit what Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski had said during their
respective cross examinations, namely that they had worked on the ENJ
allocation spreadsheet over Slack while Ms Pritchard was in the room with Mr
Blagov.

65 While Ms Pritchard’s memory may have been jogged by the evidence given by
Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski, I do not accept that she made up the fact that Mr
Blagov told her that she would “get” 6m ENJ. On the contrary, I accept that he
did in fact say words to that effect to her in their home office as he and Mr
Radomski discussed the ENJ allocation spreadsheet. That he said something
along these lines is supported by the WhatsApp conversation that they had on
24 June 2019. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Ms Pritchard’s AEIC at p 789.

Ms Pritchard asked him about the ENJ that was hers from Enjin. Mr Blagov
checked the ENJ allocation spreadsheet and told her that 6m ENJ had been
assigned to her, of which 3m had been sold by Enjin and paid out to her in
cash as US$300,000, so that “3m enj remains for u”.

66 As an aside, this was one of the conversations over which Enjin sought to
assert Mr Blagov’s marital privilege. It is clear however that just as much as
statements made by Mr Blagov on behalf of the company in 2017 concerning the
company setting aside for her 6m ENJ were not marital communications, nor was
this confirmation in 2019. Before responding to Ms Pritchard and in order to
give her the accurate figure, Mr Blagov checked a company document, namely the
ENJ allocation spreadsheet. I have no doubt that he intended to communicate to
her on behalf of Enjin and that she understood him to be so communicating.

67 Eight months later, on 7 February 2020, and following from Mr Blagov’s
confirmation, Ms Pritchard reminded Mr Blagov and Mr Radomski on Slack of the
3m ENJ that remained for her. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB/B 109.

Neither of them disagreed that this was the case. Mr Blagov said “yes, the
amount needs to vested” and Mr Radomski said “k, we’ll send it in vested
portions, it’s a large amount”.

68 Mr Blagov’s evidence in chief was that he and Mr Radomski had previously
informed Ms Pritchard that “up to 3 million ENJ tokens would be earmarked for
her performance bonus, which was to be paid in ENJ tokens, and that it would
be based on her work performance” and also “that this would not be awarded
immediately but would instead be paid over time”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 35.

69 I do not accept Mr Blagov’s evidence. First, what was discussed was 6m ENJ
and not 3m. Secondly, I do not accept that he expressly tied the tokens to
future work performance or used the words “up to” or “earmarked”. This
paragraph in his AEIC is a self-serving afterthought. Had he done any of
these, then it would have been natural for him to use the words “up to” or
“earmarked” rather than simply the word “assigned” when he responded to her in
2019, and also to remind her that it was conditional on work performance. The
same point applies to Mr Radomski’s response in February 2020.

70 The question remains, however, whether Mr Blagov’s statement to her, while
he and Mr Radomski worked on the ENJ allocation spreadsheet, that she would
get 6m ENJ, amounted to an enforceable promise. I turn to the questions of
certainty of terms, consideration and intention to create legal relations.

Certainty of terms

71 An enforceable contract must be certain in its terms. All that was said
here was that Ms Pritchard would get 6m ENJ, in the context of and with
reference to the ENJ allocation spreadsheet, which was itself being worked on
to aid the exercise of allocating ENJ to the team contemplated by the white
paper. Ms Pritchard has disavowed any incorporation of the terms applicable to
team members generally, and asserted that her allocation was final and not
subject to any further discretion or variation by Enjin. I am not able to find
that her being told that she would get 6m ENJ meant that Enjin was offering
them to her on terms different from those applicable to the team generally.
Simply put, not enough was said to imply or infer that the offer was for her
to receive 6m ENJ regardless of whether she remained in Enjin for any
particular period of time, or on any other special terms.

Consideration

72 Consideration is a requirement for the enforceability of a contract that is
not executed under seal. The Court of Appeal in Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti
Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon Ing”)
described it (at [66]) as “a return recognised in law which is given in
exchange for the promise sought to be enforced” and broadly endorsed
traditional “benefit-detriment analysis”. Something that the promisee has
already done prior to the promise being made does not count because it cannot
have been given in exchange for the promise. Generally, past consideration is
no consideration: Gay Choon Ing at [83].

73 Ms Pritchard’s pleaded case, carried through into her evidence at trial, is
that she was awarded a total of 6 m ENJ due to the success of the ICO and in
consideration of her efforts and contributions to the business since 2007. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) para 18, SDB Tab 9.

This is past consideration. It cannot support the alleged free-standing
contract on which she now relies.

74 Ms Pritchard did not plead, nor did the evidence establish, that she was
promised the 6m ENJ tokens in return for her continuing to work in Enjin. In
any case, that would be wholly inconsistent with her strict position that 6m
ENJ was awarded to her in 2017 and was “immediately payable with no strings
attached.” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s Reply Closing Submissions (5 July 2022) at para 62.

Intention to create legal relations

75 An intention to create legal relations is a further requirement for
contract formation. The court must be able to infer this intention from the
circumstances in which the promise is made. The intention to create legal
relations is an intention that the transaction was to have legal effect, such
that if a disagreement arose or the contract was not honoured subsequently,
the aggrieved party could invoke the assistance of court: Gay Choon Ing at
[71].

76 The discussions in this case took place in the context of a company and a
business. The context of the conversation does not of itself negate an
intention to create legal relations. Moreover, there was a degree of
informality in how Enjin was run, including the fact that Ms Pritchard’s terms
of employment were not reduced into writing. Where there is informality, it
cannot be said that the lack of writing itself suggests the absence of an
intention to create legal relations. I have also considered the fact that she
and Mr Blagov were then husband and wife, which might help to explain both the
absence of a written contract of employment and their not feeling the need to
put into writing an award of bonus to her.

77 However, I accept Mr Blagov’s and Mr Radomski’s evidence that in substance
what was happening was “brainstorming”, with the ENJ allocation spreadsheet
being a tool for that. Mr Blagov seems to have spoken casually and without
detail. In a way, it would have been a passing comment made naturally in the
context of discussions with Mr Radomski while Ms Pritchard was in the room. I
therefore find that not only were the terms uncertain, the lack of clarity and
absence of detail leads to the inference that Mr Blagov was not intending to
create legal relations. I also find that when Ms Pritchard was told by Mr
Blagov that she would get 6m ENJ, she could not reasonably have believed that
this was meant to establish a legal right such that she could sue Enjin if the
number was reduced subsequently.

Conclusion

78 Upon clarification that Ms Pritchard’s case was that there was a standalone
or free-standing contract for her to receive 6m ENJ, the requirements for
contract formation and enforceability became critical. I am unable to find
that any offer was certain as to its terms, supported by consideration or made
with an intention to create legal relations. I conclude that Ms Pritchard was
not legally entitled to the 6m ENJ prior to its being transferred or its
equivalent in money being paid to her.

Was there an agreement on 22 April 2020 between Mr Blagov and Ms Pritchard to
resolve her entitlement to 2.5m ENJ?

79 Even though Ms Pritchard was not entitled to 2.5m ENJ, she was claiming
that she was so entitled in April 2020. If she compromised that claim with
Enjin, that compromise agreement would be binding.

80 As with the issue of entitlement, Ms Pritchard alleges an oral contract.
According to her, as of April 2020, she still wished to continue to work for
Enjin. However, on 22 April 2020, while they were speaking over Slack, Mr
Blagov told her she did not have to continue working for Enjin and suggested
that she leave peacefully, by submitting a formal letter of resignation and
then transferring a sum of money equivalent to her remaining entitlement from
Enjin’s account to their joint bank account. They would each be entitled to
half of this money. In addition, she could also transfer the balance of the
ENJ and ETH tokens in the company’s virtual wallet to herself, after which
Enjin would write them off. Ms Pritchard says she agreed to this and proceeded
to act on their agreement. To her surprise, Mr Blagov immediately reneged on
their agreement. In fact, even while proposing this course of action to her,
he was acting in bad faith, as he had already cancelled the digital tokens
that she held for access to and operation of Enjin’s account with Standard
Chartered Bank. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Pritchard’s AEIC at paras 52–61.

81 Mr Blagov denies that he ever made such a proposal to her. Consequently,
when she started messaging him on WhatsApp on 23 April 2020 about the
transfers, he had no idea what she was referring to and was shocked when he
discovered that she had transferred S$407,000 from Enjin to their joint
account. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Blagov’s AEIC at paras 58–61.

He transferred to Enjin what he received from Ms Pritchard, namely S$209,328.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Blagov’s AEIC at para 72.

82 Enjin notes that there is no record of any call made on Slack on 22 April
2020 between Ms Pritchard and Mr Blagov. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at para 30.

Ms Pritchard’s response is that the record must have been deleted by someone
at Enjin. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript (21 April 2022), p 111 line 18 to p 112 line 4.

She produced a screenshot of her own mobile telephone taken earlier that day
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AB/F 74.

but ceased to have access to the Slack platform before she could take a
screenshot showing the record of the call with Mr Blagov. Enjin contends that
Ms Pritchard bears the burden of proof to show that in the first place it was
technically possible for Enjin to delete the Slack record. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS at para 36–38.

83 I do not accept that this conversation took place nor that there was ever
an agreement that Ms Pritchard help herself to the monetary equivalent of 2.5m
ENJ tokens. I find it quite implausible that Mr Blagov would have deliberately
tricked Ms Pritchard into transferring money out of Enjin with a view to then
holding her to account for taking money from Enjin. Having observed him giving
evidence, I do not think such behaviour would accord with his character. While
he was at times grudging concerning Ms Pritchard’s role in Enjin and was not
altogether forthcoming concerning how the 6m ENJ was set aside for her, this
does not support in any way the allegation that he, in effect, framed Ms
Pritchard for unauthorised withdrawals from Enjin.

84 I am fortified in this conclusion by the fact that Ms Pritchard’s account
was not supported by the documentary evidence before the court. She was unable
to provide any documentary evidence to show that the conversation with Mr
Blagov took place on 22 April 2020. At the same time, the documentary evidence
that was available only highlighted inconsistencies in her account. In
particular, I refer to her email of 24 April 2020 to Mr Radomski. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AB/A 230.

In that email she said that the deal between them was that Mr Blagov would
purchase her ENJ and deposit the money into their joint account. This is not
an inconsequential detail of the alleged agreement but goes to its crux. Her
prevarication over it is a strong indication that she made it up in an attempt
to justify her actions.

If so, did Mr Blagov have the authority to enter the agreement on Enjin’s
behalf?

85 In view of my conclusion that there was no such agreement, this issue is
moot. However, I would note that the agreement, if it had been made, would
have entailed a secret profit on Mr Blagov’s behalf. Thus, even if
compromising the claims of departing employees was within his authority as
CEO, a compromise that involved his secretly sharing in the payments made to
that employee would be potentially voidable by Enjin.

Has Ms Pritchard waived her right to claim 2.5m ENJ in these proceedings?

86 Enjin contends that Ms Pritchard’s transfer of monies from its bank account
in purported settlement of her claim to the 2.5 m ENJ, even if wrongful,
amounted to a waiver by election such that she cannot now reverse course and
claim the 2.5 m ENJ. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at paras 139–143.

A waiver by election operates where there is a choice between two inconsistent
courses of action. This is illustrated by the Court of Appeal decision in Ang
Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim [2010] 3 SLR 179 (“Ang Sin Hock”), where one party had
consigned jewellery to the other. The consignee sold the jewellery without
paying any share of the sales proceeds to the consignor. The consignor took
steps to claim a share of the proceeds, including by writing letters of
demand. He was held to have thereby waived any right to claim in conversion,
as he had chosen to treat the consignee’s actions as an authorised sale.
There, the claim for conversion was inconsistent with the claim for the sale
proceeds: Ang Sin Hock at [31]. In this case, on 22 April 2020, Ms Pritchard
did not choose a course of action that was inconsistent with the right she
seeks to enforce in this suit. Instead, she then sought to take what she
believed was hers by self-help, instead of by a legal suit as she is doing
now. In short, she used her authority with Enjin’s bank to pay herself what
she believed was due to her rather than commencing a legal suit for the tokens
or their equivalent in money. A failed attempt at self-help would not bar a
plaintiff from continuing to assert the right in respect of which self-help
was attempted.

Conclusion

87 Ms Pritchard’s counsel did not dispute that if she failed in relation to
the two alleged oral contracts she was not entitled to retain the balance of
the S$407,000 in her hands, namely S$197,672, nor was she entitled to transfer
to herself the ENJ and ETH tokens in Enjin’s virtual wallet. She must repay
the sum of S$197,672 together with simple interest at the court rate of 5.33%
per annum from the date of the writ originally filed in the District Court
until date of judgment. I note that Enjin’s claim is for S$209,304.86, derived
from the sum she transferred from the Joint Account to her personal accounts
(see [13(d)] above). 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SOC (Amendment No 2) at p 23 para (1).

Given that a total of S$407,000 was taken from Enjin’s accounts, and Mr Blagov
returned S$209,304.86 of this to Enjin (see [81]), S$197,672 (the remainder)
is the appropriate figure, and plaintiff’s counsel accepted this to be the
case. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript (14 July 2022), p 108 lines 7–9.

88 Turning to the 42,000 ENJ and 3.3 ETH that she replaced in a personal
virtual wallet following her breach of the Injunction, both parties proceeded
throughout on the basis that the ENJ and ETH tokens were property that could
properly be injuncted and be the subject of proprietary remedies. However, in
its pleadings and in submissions to me, Enjin quantified the value of the
42,000 ENJ and 3.3 ETH in monetary terms, while Ms Pritchard’s counsel agreed
in oral submissions that if Enjin succeeded, the remedy should indeed be
payment of money, in either currency that had been pleaded, and that
consequently the Injunction should be discharged. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript (14 July 2022), pp 100-101.

As parties were in agreement on this point of a monetary remedy, I order
payment of the sum of S$9,337 together with simple interest at the court rate
of 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ originally filed in the District
Court until date of judgment. For avoidance of doubt, I also discharge the
Injunction.

Enjin’s claim for Amazon Purchases

Was Ms Pritchard authorised to make the Amazon Purchases?

89 Ms Pritchard asserts that her “defence to this claim is straightforward.
The transactions were corporate in nature, being purchases to replace her
laptop and headphones which she had worn out by using them for work. As
Enjin’s CFO she was fully authorised to make these purchases.” 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at para 229.

90 These purchases were carried out on the day of her resignation, albeit
shortly before she sent her email of resignation. Even if she had implied
authority to make purchases of this kind for her own personal benefit while
she held the position of CFO, her resignation would terminate any such
authority she might have had. I find that she made these purchases in
anticipation of her resignation and would clearly have understood that any
implied authority she might have to make such purchases could no longer be
relied on without first checking with Enjin. This comes from her duty of good
faith and fidelity as an employee to Enjin, which entails not making use of
Enjin’s property for her own purposes, and giving due consideration to the
interests of Enjin: Piattchanine, Iouri v Phosagro Asia Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR
1257 at [242]. To put it simply, she was acting in bad faith and in disregard
of Enjin’s interests. Accordingly, the purchases were not authorised.

If so, were they a legitimate business expense?

91 This issue is moot, but ordinarily justification of an expense would (in
all but the most obvious cases) start by reference to a policy adopted by the
company. Compensating an employee for having used personal equipment for work
purposes by replacing that equipment is not an obvious case. Ms Pritchard made
no attempt to show that these purchases came within any established policy of
the company.

If not, what loss did the Amazon Purchases cause Enjin?

92 Ms Pritchard produced an e-mail dated 10 July 2020 that she received from
Amazon the (“Amazon E-mail”) stating, inter alia, the following in respect of
S$1,078 paid towards the Amazon Purchases: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AB/A 248.

The issuer of the card used to pay for an order from your Amazon.sg account
has contacted us. You disputed this charge with them, and they withdrew the
payment made to Amazon.

She contends that this e-mail suggests that Enjin was never charged S$1,078
out of the total S$7,624.64 that it claims in respect of the Amazon Purchases.

93 Enjin accepts the authenticity of the Amazon E-mail but submits that it is
equivocal as to whether the sum of S$1,078 was ever refunded to it. All that
is said in the e-mail is that the issuer withdrew the payment to Amazon. Enjin
also relies on a debit statement from TransferWise generated on 31 August 2020
(the “TransferWise Statement”) which reflects the S$1,078 transaction. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB/D 143.

94 I find that Enjin has not proven that it was ultimately charged the sum of
S$1,078 for the Amazon Purchases such that it suffered loss totalling
S$7,624.64. While the TransferWise Statement reflects the S$1,078 transaction,
the heading under which the transaction appears is “USD balance on 24 April
2020 [GMT]”. Thus, it is possible that some of the transactions reflected
therein were refunded or voided after 24 April 2020. In fact, the transaction
of S$5,538 which Enjin accepts was ultimately not successful is also reflected
in the TransferWise Statement. It is entirely possible that some time between
24 April 2020 and 10 July 2020, Enjin disputed the S$1,078 transaction with
TransferWise and TransferWise in turn refused to pay Amazon. I find it
unlikely that in such a situation, TransferWise would have withheld the sum
from Amazon without returning it to Enjin’s account. Thus, on the evidence, I
accept Ms Pritchard’s submission that Enjin has not proven S$1,078 of its loss
in respect of the Amazon Purchases.

Conclusion

95 Enjin is entitled to recover the sum of S$6,546.64 from Ms Pritchard
together with simple interest at the court rate of 5.33% per annum from the
date of the writ originally filed in the District Court until date of
judgment.

Conclusion

96 I dismiss Ms Pritchard’s counterclaim and allow Enjin’s claim in that Ms
Pritchard is to pay to Enjin the total sum of S$213,555.64 together with
simple interest at the court rate of 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ
originally filed in the District Court until date of judgment.

97 I will hear parties on any other consequential or ancillary orders and on
costs. Parties are to file costs submissions limited to 10 pages each within
14 days.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Mahesh Rai s/o Vedprakash Rai, Yong Wei Jun Jonathan, Melissa Ng Li Ling, Ng
Chee Wei, Kenneth (Huang Zhiwei) (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;

Lok Vi Ming SC, Qabir Sandhu (LVM Law Chambers LLC) (instructed), Chong Xin
Yi, Tan Lena (Chen Lina) (Gloria James-Civetta & Co) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Aug 2022 (12:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

