Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 115

Suit No 415 of 2021  

Between

Anpex Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

1\. Cheng Yong Sun

2\. Lee Chai Yun, Winnie

… Defendants

Judgment

[Tort – Conspiracy – Unlawful Conspiracy to Injure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Anpex Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Cheng Yong Sun and another

[2022] SGHC 115

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 415 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
5 April, 11 May 2022

20 May 2022. Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore, and carrying on the
business of providing delivery, logistics and transport services to customers.
Ms Leow Bee Lian (“Ms Leow”) is the director and shareholder of the plaintiff.
Ms Leow is also the shareholder and director of two other companies, Auto 51
Pte Ltd (“Auto”) and Auto 51 Leasing Pte Ltd (“Auto-Leasing”), which are
Singapore-incorporated companies in the business of the sale and leasing of
motor vehicles. Auto and Auto-Leasing operate closely with the plaintiff in
its daily operations.

2 The first defendant, Cheng Yong Sun, was employed by Auto on 2 October 2019
as an associate manager whose job includes planning delivery schedules and
managing the day-to-day operations of Auto and affiliate companies. The first
defendant was authorised to pay the drivers hired by the plaintiff. He also
looks for clients for the plaintiff’s delivery services. Finally, his job also
includes sourcing for other delivery companies that may require additional
support in delivery services from the plaintiff.

3 The second defendant (“Winnie”) is a close friend of the first defendant and
was introduced by the first defendant to Ms Leow sometime in April 2020 when
Auto had a shortage of staff. Winnie was then employed by Auto on 15 August
2020 as an administrative executive. Her job included assisting Auto and
affiliate companies in their administrative work, such as registering and
managing a Grab account for the plaintiff so that the plaintiff could provide
courier delivery services to Grab.

4 Sometime around December 2020, Ms Leow discovered that there were suspicious
payments out of the plaintiff’s account from 24 December 2019 to 29 January
2021, which were purportedly made to the plaintiff’s drivers and sub-
contractors. On further investigation, these payments were actually made to
bank accounts belonging to the first and second defendants and other unknown
persons. Ms Leow also discovered that the plaintiff’s subcontractors, Gogovan
Pte Ltd (“GGV”) and FattyDaddyFattyMummy Pte Ltd (“FDFM”), were transferring
monies directly to the second defendant’s bank account from 2 March 2020 to 17
February 2021 for delivery services rendered by the plaintiff.

5 The plaintiff therefore brought the present action against the first and
second defendants. The plaintiff says that the first and second defendants
misappropriated and wrongfully took a total sum of $578,347.30 from the
plaintiff’s bank account by making unauthorized and fraudulent transactions,
and by deceiving the plaintiff’s sub-contractors to transfer monies directly
to the second defendant’s bank accounts. The plaintiff has obtained judgment
in default of appearance against the first defendant for the sum of
$578,347.30 on 8 June 2021.

6 In its case against the second defendant, the plaintiff says that the second
defendant unlawfully conspired with the first defendant to injure the
plaintiff. The plaintiff further says that the second defendant had unjustly
enriched herself at its expense in the sum of $161,322.50, being the total sum
transferred to the second defendant’s bank account. The plaintiff also says
that the second defendant has breached her duties of honesty and loyalty to
the plaintiff.

7 The second defendant says that she was unaware that the monies that were
transferred into her account were misappropriated funds, and that as soon as
she found out, she made partial restitution to the plaintiff:

(a) The second defendant says that in or around November 2019, the first
defendant told her that he had trouble opening bank accounts. As his long-
standing friend, she trusted him and allowed him to use her DBS Account No
ending 9887 to deposit his paycheques. She also lent him her ATM card so that
he could withdraw money from the account for his expenses.

(b) In respect of monies deposited into her DBS Account No ending 5195 and
OCBC Account No ending 9001, the second defendant says that the first
defendant would ask her to log into her internet banking account via her phone
and allow him to execute the transfers. She says that the first defendant told
her that the sums were commissions from sub-contractors, and deductions owed
to him by the plaintiff.

(c) The second defendant says that around 18 February 2021, when she found out
that the sums that were transferred into her account had actually come from
the plaintiff’s bank account, she returned $5,433.28 and, and another $902.78
to the plaintiff by bank transfer.

8 In a claim based on conspiracy, the plaintiff must show that there was an
agreement between the first and second defendants to cause harm to the
plaintiff. I am of the view that this had been proved here. It is undisputed
that the monies were transferred from the plaintiff’s account directly into
the second defendant’s account. The second defendant is unable to account for
the monies in her account. Her only explanation is that the first defendant
lied to her about the nature of these transactions, and she was not aware that
these were stolen money. The only person who could corroborate her story and
exonerate her from liability is the first defendant. However, she declined to
call the first defendant to testify at trial, despite remaining in contact
with him. When asked by the court, her only reason was that “the court would
not have believed him”. Given the second defendant’s failure to produce the
only witness who could possibly exculpate her, I am inclined to disbelieve her
version of events; a version that is hardly credible on its own, let alone
floated without corroboration.

9 This finding is fortified by the second defendant’s extravagant expenditure
which does not commensurate with her monthly salary of $1,600.00. The
defendant’s bank account statements show that the second defendant has made
purchases from Poh Heng Jewellery on 31 August 2020, 12 September 2020, 13
October 2020, 20 October 2020 and 31 October 2020, for the amounts of
$1,020.00, $2,000.00, $540.00, $984.00, and $715.00 respectively. Moreover,
during the same period, there were also several purchases for cosmetic
products and beauty services, including the expenditure of:

(a) $300.00 at Nails Code on 13 August 2020;

(b) $158.00, $123.00, and $123.00 at BB Beauty on 5 September 2020, 13 October
2020, and 18 December 2020 respectively;

(c) $2,458.85, $243.95, and $639.85 at Curamed Medical Clinic on 22 September
2020, 15 October 2020, and 11 December 2020 respectively;

(d) $328.00 and $326.00 at NU Skin Enterprises on 2 October 2020 and 5 October
2020 respectively; and

(e) $550.00 at Imperial SPA on 13 October 2020.

10 Taking just the figures above (which do not include the second defendant’s
expenditure on retail platforms and food), the second defendant had spent more
than $10,535.80 on jewellery, cosmetic products, and beauty services from
August to December 2020. Such extravagance does not commensurate with her
salary. The second defendant does not deny spending on such luxurious items
but claims that she could afford them because the first defendant had struck
the “4D lottery” several times. Once again, there was no evidence adduced to
prove that the first defendant indeed struck the lotteries. As mentioned
earlier, the first defendant was also not called as a witness to testify to
his betting fortune. Consequently, I disbelieve the second defendant’s
account. It seems to me that the second defendant funded her extravagant
lifestyle using the monies that were misappropriated from the plaintiff. I
also find that the second defendant would have known that her extravagant
expenditures could not have been funded solely by her monthly salary of
$1,600.00, and I am satisfied that the second defendant was most probably
aware that the funds came from the plaintiff.

11 For the reasons above, I find that the first and second defendants
conspired to misappropriate funds from the plaintiff, and knowingly caused the
plaintiff to lose $578,347.30. The second defendant failed to account for the
large sums of misappropriated monies credited directly into her bank accounts
and failed to offer any satisfactory explanation for her extravagant
expenditure during the timeframe in which the misappropriation occurred. The
only witness who could prove her innocence was not called to testify, even
though she remains in close contact with him. All these suggest that the
second defendant was neither as blameless nor clueless as she claims to be. I,
therefore, find that the first and second defendants were involved in a
conspiracy to injure the plaintiff and should be jointly and severally liable
to compensate the plaintiff for the sum of $578,347.30.

12 Given my findings on the issue of conspiracy, there is no need for me to
address the plaintiff’s alternative claims of unjust enrichment and breach of
fiduciary duties, save to say that on the evidence before me, and the facts as
I have found, the plaintiff would also have succeeded on those claims. I will
hear the parties on costs at a later date if it is not agreed upon by the
parties.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Rakesh s/o Pokkan Vasu and Farhan Tyebally (Gomez & Vasu LLC) for the
plaintiffs;  
Ng Boon Gan (VanillaLaw LLC) for the 2nd defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 May 2022 (13:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

