Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 180

Originating Summons No 41 of 2022

Between

| Attorney-General  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ravi s/o Madasamy  
---|---  
(2)| The Law Society of Singapore  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Legal Profession — Disciplinary proceedings — Application for review of
Disciplinary Tribunal’s decision]

[Legal Profession — Disciplinary proceedings — Whether review application
brought out of time]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General

  
v

  

Ravi s/o Madasamy and another

[2022] SGHC 180

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 41 of 2022  
See Kee Oon J  
5, 12 May 2022

28 July 2022

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This Originating Summons (“OS”) was filed by the Attorney-General (the “AG”)
seeking the following orders: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Hui Choon Kuen’s 1st Affidavit dated 18 January 2022 (“Hui’s 1st Affidavit”)
at para 3.

(a) that the AG be granted an extension of time to bring this application;

(b) that the Disciplinary Tribunal’s (“DT”) findings and determination, that
the 1st Charge against Ravi s/o Madasamy (the “first defendant”) in DT/6/2021
dated 20 December 2021 was not made out (see [12(a)] below), be reviewed;

(c) upon such review:

(i) a determination be made that: (1) the DT erred in finding that the 1st
Charge was not made out; and (2) the 1st Charge is made out and the first
defendant is guilty of misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession under
s 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act 1966 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “LPA”),
pursuant to s 97(4)(a) of the LPA;

(ii) an order be made directing the AG, as the person who made the complaint,
to make an application under s 98 of the LPA, pursuant to s 97(4)(b)(i) of the
LPA, ie, an application for the matter to be advanced to the Court of Three
Judges for one of the orders in s 98(1)(a) of the LPA to be imposed on the
first defendant;

(iii) that costs be provided for; and

(iv) such further and/or other relief as the Honourable Court deems fit.

Facts

2 The AG’s complaint (the “Complaint”) pertained to a live interview that the
first defendant gave to The Online Citizen Asia (“TOC Asia”) immediately after
the Court of Appeal delivered the oral grounds of its judgment in criminal
review proceedings concerning the first defendant’s client, Gobi a/l Avedian
(“Gobi”). During the interview, the first defendant allegedly made false
and/or misleading allegations, intending to convey that the Public Prosecutor
(“PP”) and/or the AG had acted in bad faith, maliciously and/or improperly so
as to discredit the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”) and/or its legal
officers, which amounted to conduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor
under s 83(2)(h) of the LPA.

History of Gobi’s criminal review proceedings

3 On 11 December 2014, Gobi was arrested on suspicion of having in his
possession two packets of granular substance containing a prohibited drug.
Gobi was subsequently charged under s 7 read with s 33(1) of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), punishable by death under s 33(1)
read with Second Schedule of the MDA for importing a Class ‘A’ drug,
containing 40.22g of diamorphine. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) (Volume 5) at p 851 (Disciplinary Tribunal
Report at para 8).

At the conclusion of Gobi’s trial, the High Court found in Public Prosecutor v
Gobi a/l Avedian [2017] SGHC 145 (“Gobi (HC)”) that Gobi had rebutted the
presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA that he had knowledge that the granular
substance he possessed was diamorphine. The High Court thus convicted him on
an amended lesser charge of attempting to import the said diamorphine
believing it to be a controlled drug under Class ‘C’ instead, which was a non-
capital charge. Gobi was thus sentenced to 15 years’ imprisonment and ten
strokes of the cane. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 851 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 9).

4 The PP appealed against Gobi’s acquittal. On 25 October 2018, the Court of
Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Gobi a/l Avedian [2019] 1 SLR 113 (“Gobi (CA)”)
accepted the PP’s submissions and disagreed with the High Court’s finding that
the s 18(2) presumption had been rebutted. Accordingly, the Court of Appeal
set aside Gobi’s conviction on the amended charge and convicted Gobi on the
original capital charge. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 852 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 11).

5 On 27 May 2019, the Court of Appeal issued its judgment in Adili Chibuike
Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”). In Adili, the Court of
Appeal clarified that wilful blindness could not be the subject of the
presumption under s 18(1) MDA. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 852 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 13).

6 On 3 January 2020, the first defendant filed CA/CM 1/2020 seeking leave
pursuant to s 394H of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (the
“CPC”) and s 11(2) of the Criminal Procedure Rules for the Court of Appeal to
review its earlier decision in Gobi (CA) in light of, among other things, the
new development in the law established in Adili. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 853 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 14).

7 On 20 February 2020, the Court of Appeal granted leave to Gobi to file a
review application pursuant to s 394I of the CPC. The first defendant thus
filed CA/CM 3/2020 (“CM 3”) for the Court of Appeal to review its decision in
Gobi (CA) on 25 February 2020. On 19 October 2020, the Court of Appeal set
aside Gobi’s conviction on the Capital Charge. After reviewing the case, the
Court of Appeal delivered brief grounds of its judgment (the “Oral Judgment”),
as set out in its Minute Sheet. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP (Volume 3) at p 2–10 (Minute sheet in CA/CM 3/2020).

Notably, in its Oral Judgment, the Court of Appeal considered the
Prosecution’s case in respect of Gobi’s knowledge of the nature of the drugs.
In particular, the Court of Appeal noted that the Prosecution might have
formulated its case on the premise that actual knowledge and wilful blindness
were not distinct concepts. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP (Volume 3) at p 7 (Minute sheet in CA/CM 3/2020 at para 19).

As such, while the Prosecution’s case at trial was one of wilful blindness to
the nature of the drugs, in contrast, its case on appeal was one of actual
knowledge, premised on the contention that Gobi did not in fact believe the
assurances he had been given as to the nature of the drugs. This led the Court
of Appeal to make the observation (at para 20 of the Minute Sheet in CM 3): 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP (Volume 3) at p 8 (Minute sheet in CA/CM 3/2020 at para 20).

… This change in the Prosecution’s case was ultimately prejudicial to the
Applicant because he was never squarely confronted with the case that he did
not in fact believe what he had been told by Vinod and Jega, and so he could
not have responded to such a case. …

8 In its written judgment in Gobi a/l Avedian v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR
180 (“Review Judgment”), the Court of Appeal stated that (at [120]–[121]):

(a) The Prosecution’s case at the High Court trial had been one of wilful
blindness.

(b) The Prosecution had changed its case in Gobi (CA) to argue that Gobi knew
the drugs he carried were diamorphine and that he did not believe that they
were “chocolate drugs” as he professed.

(c) The Prosecution’s change in position had prejudiced Gobi. In particular,
the case that he knew the drugs were diamorphine and not “chocolate drugs” was
never squarely put to Gobi.

(d) Gobi’s conviction was only safe if the Prosecution could establish beyond
a reasonable doubt that he was wilfully blind as to the nature of the drugs in
his possession, but the Prosecution could not establish this.

First defendant’s interview with TOC Asia

9 Shortly after the Oral Judgment was released on 19 October 2020, the first
defendant gave an interview to TOC Asia wherein he commented on the Court of
Appeal’s ruling in CM 3 and made several allegations against the PP’s conduct
of Mr Gobi’s prosecution as follows (“Interview Statements”): 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 855 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 20).

(a) that the PP had been “overzealous in his prosecution and that has led to
the death sentence of [Gobi]” (“First Interview Statement”);

(b) that “one of the things which is troubling in this decision today, is that
the Court noted that the Attorney General, or the Public Prosecutor ran a
different case in the High Court and the Court of Appeal. Then that begs the
questions and calls into the fairness of the administration of justice in
Gobi’s case by the Prosecution [sic]…” (“Second Interview Statement”); and

(c) that the PP, among others, should “apologise” to Gobi for the suffering
Gobi and his family had gone through because “the Prosecution, as the Court
observed, ran a different case in the High Court and the Court of Appeal”, and
therefore, “essentially the fairness of the Prosecution, [was] called into
question by the Court itself” (“Third Interview Statement”).

10 The interview was subsequently uploaded to TOC Asia’s website and Facebook
page, which could be publicly viewed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 855 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 21).

An article titled “Court of Appeal sets aside death sentence of Malaysian
inmate, cites miscarriage of justice” was also subsequently uploaded on TOC
Asia’s website, containing extracts of the Interview Statements. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 856 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 22).

Events subsequent to TOC Asia Interview

11 On 20 October 2020, the AGC wrote a letter (“AGC’s Letter”) to the first
defendant, stating that the Interview Statements alleged that the PP had acted
in bad faith or maliciously in the prosecution of Gobi. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 857 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 24); Hui’s 1st
Affidavit at para 7(h) and Annex F.

The AGC also requested that the first defendant apologise and unconditionally
retract all the Interview Statements in writing within two days. On the same
day, the first defendant uploaded AGC’s Letter in a Facebook post (the
“Facebook Post”). The first defendant stated, inter alia, that the “government
lawyers” were “wrongdoers”, and that he had instructions from Gobi to commence
proceedings against certain AGC officers. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 857 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 25).

Two days later, the first defendant wrote to the AGC, categorically denying
all of the AGC’s allegations made in AGC’s Letter. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 857 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 26).

The DT and the Council’s decisions

12 On 25 March 2021, the DT was constituted to inquire into the AG’s
complaint. On 22 December 2021, the Law Society forwarded the DT’s
determination on the Complaint to the AGC. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Hui’s 1st Affidavit at para 10.

The DT found that:

(a) The 1st Charge for making the Interview Statements, which were false
and/or misleading allegations intended to convey to listeners of the interview
and/or readers of TOC Asia that the PP and/or AG had acted in bad faith,
maliciously and/or improperly so as to discredit the AGC and/or its legal
officers in the eyes of the public, thereby committing an act amounting to
misconduct under s 83(2)(h) of the LPA, had not been made out.

(b) The 2nd to 4th Charges, for making baseless accusations of misconduct
and/or threatening to commence legal proceedings against fellow legal
practitioners and the Law Society in his First Facebook Post and Second
Facebook Post, were made out. The first defendant was to pay a total penalty
of $6,000 and costs of $3,000 (including disbursements).

13 On appeal, the AG submitted that the DT had erred in finding that the 1st
Charge was not made out. The AG argued that the Interview Statements meant and
were intended to imply that the Prosecution had acted in bad faith,
maliciously and/or improperly. The AG further submitted that the Interview
Statements could not constitute fair criticism as there was no reasonable or
rational basis for the Interview Statements and they were not made in good
faith.

The AG’s submissions

14 As a preliminary point, the AG submitted that the present OS was not filed
out of time. Notwithstanding the plain wording of s 97(1) of the LPA, the AG
pointed to the Court of Appeal’s clarifications in the case of Iskandar bin
Rahmat v Law Society of Singapore [2021] 1 SLR 874 (“Iskandar”) that in
general, the Council of the Law Society (the “Council”) considers and decides
what it will do in response to the DT’s determination, and s 97 of the LPA is
triggered after the Council has made its decision under s 94 and advised the
parties under s 94(4) of whether it agrees with the DT’s determination
(Iskandar at [33]). As the AG received the Council’s decision on the DT’s
determination on 4 January 2022 and brought this application on 18 January
2022, the application was brought within time.

15 The AG submitted that the DT had erred in finding that the 1st Charge was
not made out. The Interview Statements meant that the Prosecution acted in bad
faith, maliciously and/or improperly. The AG pointed out that an ordinary
reasonable listener of the interview would not have known of the observations
made by the Court of Appeal in the Review Judgment and would not have
understood the meanings of the Interview Statements in that context. The first
defendant gave evidence that the interview was given immediately after the
Court of Appeal delivered its Oral Judgment, when the full Review Judgment had
not yet been seen or collected by the first defendant. It was thus
inexplicable for the DT to assume that the general public, who did not have
access to the Oral Judgment or Review Judgment at the time of the interview,
would have known of the observations made by the Court of Appeal in the Review
Judgment.

16 Furthermore, the insinuation of the words “overzealous” and “troubling” in
the Interview Statements was that the Prosecution was so eager to secure
Gobi’s conviction on the capital charge to the point that it unjustifiably and
insidiously changed its case against Gobi to achieve that objective. This
invariably leads to an inference that there was misconduct on the part of the
Prosecution, to the extent of bad faith or malice, in its prosecution of Gobi.
This severity was also emphasised by the first defendant when he claimed that
even the Court of Appeal had “called into question […] the fairness of the
Prosecution”.

17 In addition, the first defendant had intended to imply through the
Interview Statements that the Prosecution had acted in bad faith, maliciously
and/or improperly. The AG argued that the contemporaneous evidence at the
material time of the interview should be taken into account in determining the
first defendant’s intention. Such contemporaneous evidence includes the first
defendant’s response to AGC’s Letter. In particular, the first defendant did
not dispute or deny the meaning attributed to the Interview Statements, but
confirmed the implication that the Prosecution had acted in bad faith by
posting a statement stating that “government lawyers” who “handled Gobi’s case
are the wrongdoers”. The first defendant also wrote a Response Letter, in
which he did not dispute or deny the meanings attributed to the Interview
Statements but only denied that he knew or must have known that these
allegations were false. He then posted his Response Letter on Facebook. The AG
submitted that the first defendant’s collective actions of making the
Interview Statements, posting AGC’s Letter in the Facebook post and stating
that the “government lawyers” were “wrongdoers” confirmed that the first
defendant had intended to imply and did imply that the Prosecution had acted
in bad faith, maliciously and/or improperly.

18 Lastly, the Interview Statements could not constitute fair criticism as
there was no rational and cogent basis for making the Statements and the
Statements were not made in good faith. There was reasonable justification for
the change in the Prosecution’s case on appeal as the line between wilful
blindness and actual knowledge had not been clearly drawn before Adili.
Furthermore, the first defendant had made the Statements in bad faith as he
omitted to mention that the Court of Appeal had expressly pointed out that it
was understandable for the Prosecution to have thought that it could run a
case of actual knowledge on appeal even if the trial had been substantively
founded on wilful blindness.

The first defendant’s submissions

19 As a preliminary point, the first defendant submitted that the AGC was out
of time to make the application pursuant to s 97(1) of the LPA. The plain
wording of s 97(1) of the LPA clearly requires the person who made the
complaint to make the application within 14 days of being notified of the
determination of the DT. In the present case, the Law Society notified the AGC
of the DT’s determination on 22 December 2021, but the AGC only filed the
present OS on 18 January 2022, almost one month after the notification,
without good reason for the delay.

20 The first defendant submitted that the AGC had not established the elements
of the 1st Charge beyond reasonable doubt. Firstly, the first defendant
submitted that the word “overzealous” in the First Interview Statement was
with reference to the change in the Prosecution’s case in Gobi (CA) and
therefore was not false or misleading. Secondly, the Second Interview
Statement was a factual observation that was not false or misleading. The word
“troubling” only bore the ordinary meaning of “causing stress or anxiety”,
which was natural in a case such as Gobi’s where his life was at stake.
Thirdly, the Third Interview Statement was an accurate factual observation
save for the opinion that the fairness of the Prosecution was called into
question by the Court of Appeal, which was based on the Court of Appeal’s
observation at [120] of the Review Judgment. Furthermore, there was no
insinuation in the Interview Statements that the Prosecution had changed its
case arbitrarily or for an ulterior purpose, or because it was biased against
Gobi.

21 In addition, the first defendant was entitled to the defence of fair
criticism in respect of the Interview Statements. The Court of Appeal itself
had observed that the Prosecution’s change in case had prejudiced Gobi, as the
case was never put squarely to him at trial. The first defendant therefore had
a rational basis to establish the defence of fair criticism.

22 Furthermore, the Interview Statements did not impute any bad faith, malice
and/or impropriety on the Prosecution. When the first defendant gave the
Interview Statements and uploaded his Facebook Post, he was simply reflecting
on what the Court of Appeal had itself said in the Oral Judgment on the
Prosecution’s conduct that was prejudicial to Gobi. This was also alluded to
by the Court of Appeal in the Review Judgment, where it referred to its
comments in the case of Zainal bin Hamad v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2018] 2 SLR 1119 (“Zainal”). As a matter of chronology, the first
defendant gave the TOC Asia interview right outside the Supreme Court on the
same day and immediately after the Supreme Court had summarised its Review
Judgment. As such, he mainly had in mind the Court of Appeal’s own
observations of the prejudice caused to Gobi.

Issues for determination

23 The preliminary issue to consider was whether the AG was out of time to
make this application pursuant to s 97(1) of the LPA.

24 The key issue for consideration in the substantive OS was whether the Law
Society’s DT had erred in finding that the 1st Charge against the first
defendant was not made out.

Decision

Whether the AG was out of time for bringing a review application

25 I was of the view that the AG was not out of time for bringing the
application in this OS to review the decision of the DT. Section 97(1) of the
LPA states that:

Application for review of Disciplinary Tribunal’s decision

97.—(1) Where a Disciplinary Tribunal has made a determination under section
93(1)(a) or (b), the person who made the complaint, the regulated legal
practitioner or the Council may, within 14 days of being notified of that
determination or any order under section 93(2) or (2A), apply to a Judge for a
review of that determination or order.

26 In the present case, the Law Society notified the AGC of the DT’s
determination on 22 December 2021. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Hui’s 1st Affidavit at para 10.

By the plain wording of s 97(1) of the LPA, the AG would have had 14 days from
the Law Society’s letter to apply for a s 97(1) review, ie, by 5 January 2022.
The AGC received the Council’s decision on the DT Determination on 4 January
2022. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Hui’s 1st Affidavit at para 12.

The AG then filed the present OS on 18 January 2022, almost one month after
the Law Society’s notification.

27 However, I noted that the Court of Appeal in Iskandar had stated that (at
[33]):

… Where the recommendation of the Disciplinary Tribunal goes to the Council,
the Council’s decision in respect of that determination may be challenged
before a Judge under s 95. However, s 97 seems to provide an avenue of
recourse even before the Council has come to a determination. To make sense of
this, it is necessary to return to the logic underlying the architecture of
these provisions, which is that in general, the Council considers and decides
what it will do in response to the Disciplinary Tribunal’s determination,
though in certain limited circumstances, the Council must adhere to the
determination: see, for instance, s 94(1). We have also noted that as far as
the complainant is concerned, the complainant’s only recourse against a
determination of the Disciplinary Tribunal is under s 97. That will be
triggered after the Council has made its decision under s 94 and advised the
parties under s 94(4).

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

28 While a complainant has the avenue of recourse even before the Council has
come to a determination, it was also pointed out in the case of Loh Der Ming
Andrew v Koh Tien Hua [2021] 2 SLR 1013 (“Andrew Loh”) that (at [31]):

… In practical terms, while the complainant or regulated legal practitioner
would be well advised to await the decision of the Council, and would, as we
anticipated in Iskandar at [33], typically do so, there is no strict
impediment to their making a s 97 application once the Council has conveyed
the DT’s determination to them.

29 As such, even though the time for bringing an application under s 97(1) has
expired, in line with the Court of Appeal’s guidance in Iskandar and Andrew
Loh, there is no impediment to the AG making a s 97 application after the
Council had conveyed its decision on the DT’s determination.

30 Neither statute nor case law provides explicit guidance on the timeline
before which the complainant may apply to review the DT’s decision upon
receipt of the Council’s decision. Nevertheless, the Court of Appeal in
Iskandar considered that s 97 is “triggered” after the Council’s decision,
thus suggesting that the AG may bring the review application within 14 days of
receiving the Council’s decision. As the AG received the Council’s decision on
the DT Determination on 4 January 2022 and filed this OS on 18 January 2022,
the AG was not out of time.

Whether the DT erred in finding that the 1st Charge was not made out

31 In my view, the Interview Statements made by the first defendant which
constitute the subject matter of the 1st Charge, taken as a whole and
understood in context, did not necessarily imply that the Prosecution had
acted with malice, in bad faith or improperly. The statements were supported
by a rational basis – that the Prosecution’s advancement of a different case
on appeal in Gobi (CA), premised on actual knowledge of the drugs instead of
wilful blindness as put forward at trial in Gobi (HC), did cause prejudice to
Gobi. This was specifically highlighted by the Court of Appeal in both its
Oral Judgment and subsequent written grounds in the Review Judgment.

Did the first defendant imply that the Prosecution had acted in bad faith,
maliciously or improperly?

32 In ascertaining the meaning of the Interview Statements, regard must be had
to how an ordinary reasonable listener of the Interview Statements would
understand the statements in the context in which they were made (The Law
Society of Singapore v Chia Ti Lik alias Xie Zhili [2011] SGDT 4 at [53]–[59]
and Review Publishing Co Ltd and anor v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal
[2010] 1 SLR 52 at [27]–[29]).

33 In the First Interview Statement, the first defendant opined that the PP
had been “overzealous” in the prosecution of Gobi, leading to the imposition
of the death sentence on him. The AG submitted that the use of the word
“overzealous” may carry the insinuation that the Prosecution was overly
enthusiastic or too eager to secure Gobi’s conviction on a capital charge. I
agreed that there appeared to be some suggestion, albeit not in explicit
words, that the word “overzealous” could, on one interpretation, mean that the
Prosecution was endeavouring to ensure that Gobi did not escape the death
penalty. Nevertheless, I did not think that the first defendant’s
characterisation had crossed the line to imply that the Prosecution had sought
to achieve this at all costs or through any means. Suggesting that the
Prosecution had tried its utmost to secure a conviction also did not equate to
a suggestion that the Prosecution had acted improperly in its conduct of
Gobi’s case on appeal when it changed its case.

34 In the Second Interview Statement, I was unable to see any issue with the
first defendant’s usage of the word “troubling”, as there was some factual
basis to this sentiment. The Court of Appeal did find that the Prosecution had
advanced a different case against Gobi at trial as compared to what was put
forward on appeal, and had expressed its concern in no uncertain terms that
the fact that Gobi was never squarely confronted with the case of wilful
blindness ultimately resulted in prejudice to Gobi (Review Judgment at [120]).

35 As for the first defendant’s Second and Third Interview Statements
pertaining to whether the Prosecution had acted fairly in Gobi’s case and
having its conduct “called into question by the Court itself”, these comments
again may be understood as suggesting that the Prosecution had acted
improperly in failing to conduct its case fairly. The Third Interview
Statement could suggest that there was grave alleged impropriety on the part
of the Prosecution, since the Court of Appeal had “called into question” “the
fairness of the Prosecution”. That said, in view of the Court of Appeal’s
remarks in its Oral Judgment that the change in the Prosecution’s case was
“ultimately prejudicial to [Gobi]”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP (Volume 3) at p 8 (Minute sheet in CA/CM 3/2020, p 7 at para 20).

I found that there was some factual basis for these statements.

36 The context in which the Interview Statements were made was also relevant
in determining how the statements would be understood by an ordinary
reasonable person, as well as what the first defendant had intended in making
the statements. The AG submitted that in determining the first defendant’s
intent, the DT had failed to consider the contemporaneous evidence in the days
after the interview took place, including AGC’s Letter to the first defendant
to retract the interview statements, the first defendant’s Facebook Post
published on 20 October 2020 which stated that the “government lawyers” who
“handled Gobi’s case are the wrongdoers” and the first defendant’s Response
Letter issued on 22 October 2020.

37 In my view, the relevant context of the Interview Statements would be the
full transcript of the TOC Asia interview, alongside the Oral Judgment which
immediately preceded those statements. Statements or events which emerged
subsequent to the making of the Interview Statements may well be connected to
the Interview Statements, but I was unable to see how they are relevant in
determining how an ordinary reasonable person would have understood the
Interview Statements at the time that they were made. Equally, even if the
evidence of subsequent statements or events in the days after may be said to
shed some light on the first defendant’s intent at the time of making the
statements, such evidence would, at best, only serve as a form of secondary
(and weak) corroboration.

38 I noted that the first defendant’s Facebook Post was also separately the
subject of the 2nd Charge, which the DT found to have been made out. In my
view, the evidence that formed the basis for the 2nd Charge, including AGC’s
Letter which gave rise to the first defendant’s first Facebook Post, should
not be readily conflated with the evidence that formed the context of the
Interview Statements.

39 Taking the entirety of the Interview Statements in their context (as
defined at [37] above), I was not persuaded that the first defendant had
sought to imply or insinuate that the Prosecution had acted with malice, in
bad faith or improperly in its conduct of the matter.

Whether the Interview Statements constituted fair criticism

40 The DT considered that whether or not the first defendant was guilty of
misconduct “depends ultimately on whether the Interview Statements constitute
fair criticism which [the first defendant] is entitled to rely upon in his
defence”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP (Volume 5) at p 883 (Disciplinary Tribunal Report at para 97).

The concept of fair criticism was considered by the Court of Appeal in the
context of contempt of court proceedings in Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General
[2011] 3 SLR 778, where the Court of Appeal specified the following non-
exhaustive factors to be considered (at [81] and [139]):

(a) The criticism must be made in good faith and must also be respectful. In
determining good faith, the court is entitled to consider the rationale and
basis for the criticism.

(b) The manner in which the criticism is made.

(c) The extent to which the criticism is supported by a cogent rational basis.

41 In addition, any such rational basis must have been accurately stated
(Attorney-General v Au Wai Pang [2015] 2 SLR 352 at [42]). It was also not
necessary to establish an unassailable basis for the criticism made, as the
court was not required or concerned to determine whether the criticism was
proved or disproved as a fact (Attorney-General v Shadrake Alan [2011] 2 SLR
445 at [72]).

42 In my view, the DT was correct in finding that the Interview Statements
constituted fair criticism, as the first defendant had a rational basis for
making the statements. The first defendant had made the Interview Statements
in a live interview with TOC Asia immediately after the Court of Appeal
delivered its Oral Judgment. The relevant enquiry as to whether the first
defendant had any cogent rational basis in making his Interview Statements
should thus be directed at the contents of the Oral Judgment. Pertinently, in
the Oral Judgment, the Court of Appeal observed that the change in the
Prosecution’s case was “ultimately prejudicial to the Applicant [ie, Gobi]”.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP (Volume 3) at p 8 (Minute sheet in CA/CM 3/2020, p 7 at para 20).

I noted that the Court of Appeal had also clearly acknowledged that “[i]n
fairness to the parties, at the time of the trial, they did not have the
benefit of the guidance subsequently set out in Adili”, and recognised that
the DPP “might thus have formulated the Prosecution’s case on the premise that
actual knowledge and wilful blindness were not distinct concepts”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP (Volume 3) at p 7 (Minute sheet in CA/CM 3/2020, p 6 at para 19).

Nevertheless, it was understandable that the first defendant, in referring to
the Court of Appeal’s unambiguous observation in its Oral Judgment of the
change in the Prosecution’s case and the prejudice caused to Gobi, had stated
that the “fairness of the Prosecution” was “called into question by the Court
itself”.

43 The prejudicial effect of the Prosecution’s change in its case on appeal
was further elucidated in the Review Judgment. The Court of Appeal pointed to
the case of Zainal, which “alluded to the importance of the Prosecution
running a consistent case” to “give the accused a fair chance of knowing the
case that is advanced against him” (Review Judgment at [119]). This reasoning
was clearly mirrored in the Oral Judgment. The Court of Appeal had clearly
accepted that the Prosecution’s failure to run a consistent case at trial and
on appeal was unfair to Gobi since “he was never squarely confronted [at
trial] with the case that he did not in fact believe what he had been told by
Vinod and Jega, and so he could not have responded to such a case”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP (Volume 3) at p 8 (Minute sheet in CA/CM 3/2020, p 7 at para 20).

44 Taking into account both the Oral Judgment and Review Judgment, I accepted
that there was reasonable justification for the manner in which the
Prosecution’s case was run on appeal. However, whether Gobi was prejudiced by
the Prosecution’s approach on appeal and whether the Prosecution’s approach
may have been justifiable were separate and distinct considerations that
should not be conflated. In the Review Judgment, the Court of Appeal
reiterated that it was “understandable” that without the benefit of the
guidance subsequently set out in Adili, in formulating the case at the time of
trial, the DPP “might thus have operated on the premise that actual knowledge
and wilful blindness were not distinct concepts” (Review Judgment at [110] and
[113]). However, in my view, the first defendant’s Interview Statements hinged
on the Court of Appeal having specifically highlighted two matters in the Oral
Judgment: first, the Prosecution’s change in its stance on appeal, and second,
the resulting prejudice to Gobi. The former was an objective fact. The latter
was also factual in that the Court of Appeal had expressly articulated its
concern that prejudice was caused to Gobi by the Prosecution’s change in
stance, and this was so irrespective of whether the Prosecution had reasonable
justification for how it ran its case on appeal.

45 I was thus of the view that the first defendant’s Interview Statements were
premised on the rational basis that the Prosecution’s approach on appeal had
caused prejudice to Gobi. As such, the first defendant did not make the
Interview Statements with intent to impute malice, bad faith or impropriety to
the AGC. To the extent that the Interview Statements had suggested unfairness
in the Prosecution’s approach on appeal, this also did not necessarily imply
that the AG had acted improperly.

Conclusion

46 Given the Court of Appeal’s unequivocal observations in the Oral Judgment
on how the change in the Prosecution’s case on appeal was “ultimately
prejudicial” to Gobi, I accepted that the first defendant had a rational basis
for making the Interview Statements and his statements thus constituted fair
criticism.

47 Accordingly, I agreed with the DT that the 1st Charge was not made out. The
OS was therefore dismissed.

48 On the issue of costs, the AG submitted that no costs should be ordered.
The AG had filed the OS under s 85(3)(b) of the LPA, in his role as guardian
of the public interest. Adopting the reasoning in Law Society of Singapore v
Top Ten Entertainment [2011] 2 SLR 1279 (at [24]), costs should ordinarily not
be ordered against unsuccessful public bodies performing regulatory functions.
The first defendant submitted that a distinction should be drawn between
situations where the public body performing regulatory functions is the
complainant and where it is the respondent.

49 I agreed with the AG and considered that the AG’s decision to bring the OS
was made honestly and reasonably. In any event, there was no suggestion that
the AG had acted in bad faith or in dereliction of his duties. I therefore
made no order as to costs.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Jeyendran Jeyapal and Lee Hui Min (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
plaintiff;

Eugene Thuraisingam and Hamza Zafar Malik (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the
first defendant;

Teo Guo Zheng Titus (WongPartnership LLP) for the second defendant (watching
brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Jul 2022 (11:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

