Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 137

Companies Winding Up No 257 of 2021

Between

(1)| Andrew Grimmett  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Loo Khoon  
(3)| Tan Wei Cheong  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

HTL International Holdings Pte Ltd (under judicial management)  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

(1)| Phua Yong Tat  
---|---  
(2)| Ideal Homes International Limited  
(3)| Yihua Lifestyle Technology Co Ltd  
(4)| Golden Hill Capital Pte Ltd  
  
… Non-parties

judgment

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Grounds for petition]

[Companies — Winding up — Just and equitable ground]

[Companies — Winding up — Suspending business for a whole year]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Grimmett, Andrew and others

  
v

  

HTL International Holdings Pte Ltd (under judicial management) (Phua Yong Tat
and others, non-parties)

[2022] SGHC 137

General Division of the High Court — Companies Winding Up No 257 of 2021  
Aedit Abdullah J  
15 March, 13 April 2022

13 June 2022 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 The issue at the heart of this case is whether a company should be wound up
on the application of its judicial managers in order to prevent a shareholder
from unwinding the sale of assets of the company, namely, shares in its
subsidiaries, to an investor. I dismiss the winding up application, but to
protect the rescue effort, I extend the judicial management order to allow the
judicial managers to consider what alternative course, if any, may be
available.

Introduction

2 In the present proceedings, the judicial managers of HTL International
Holdings Pte Ltd (under judicial management) (“HTLI”) have applied to wind up
HTLI on the ground that it is just and equitable to do so under s 125(1)(i) of
the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)
(“IRDA”). Further, and/or in the alternative, the judicial managers submit
that HTLI has suspended its business for a whole year, and it should be wound
up under s 125(1)(c) of the IRDA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Judicial managers’ written submissions dated 8th March 2022 (“JMWS”) at para
1.

3 Mr Phua Yong Tat (“Mr Phua YT”) is the main unsecured creditor of HTLI (the
“Creditor”). Mr Phua YT had previously extended a sum of US$3 million in May
2020 to HTLI as part of interim measures to keep HTLI afloat during the
judicial management process. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Phua Yong Tat (“1-PYT”) at para 10.

Mr Phua YT supports the winding up application made by the judicial managers.

4 The sole shareholder of HTLI is Ideal Homes International Limited (“Ideal
Homes”). Ideal Homes is a Hong Kong incorporated entity and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Yihua Lifestyle Technology Co Ltd (“Yihua”), a company
incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Tan Wei Cheong (“1-TWC”) at para 11.

Ideal Homes and Yihua (collectively, the “Shareholders”) have opposed the
winding up application on the grounds (amongst others) that the judicial
managers have completed the objectives of the judicial management and that
HTLI is a solvent company that should be returned to the Shareholders.

5 The judicial managers and the Creditor allege that the Shareholders are
attempting to unravel the work that was done in the judicial management.

6 During the oral submissions, a subsidiary issue arose as to whether Golden
Hill Capital Pte Ltd (“Golden Hill”) was allowed to participate in the present
winding-up proceedings. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Minute Sheet in HC/CWU 257/2021 dated 15 March 2022 at p 10–11.

Having considered the further submissions by the parties, I allowed Golden
Hill to participate formally in the proceedings as there was little prejudice
caused to the Shareholders. Any prejudice occasioned could be addressed in a
separate costs application.

Background facts

7 HTLI is an investment holding company with no other substantive business of
its own. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1-TWC at para 12.

Its only business was to hold shares in its revenue-generating subsidiaries
which were mostly incorporated in the PRC. Before HTLI entered into judicial
management, HTLI held shares in 15 wholly-owned subsidiaries and one
indirectly-owned subsidiary (collectively, the “HTL Group”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1-TWC at para 13.

These subsidiaries undertook the manufacturing, sales and distribution of
upholstered furniture and essentially formed the core of the HTL Group’s
business. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1-TWC at para 14.

8 HTLI’s founders and directors are Mr Phua YT and his brother, Mr Phua Yong
Pin (“Mr Phua YP”) (though they have not been managing HTLI since it was put
into interim judicial management). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1-PYT at para 19(a).

At present, HTLI has only two unsecured creditors consisting of Mr Phua YT
(who is owed US$3 million) and HomesToLife Pte Ltd (which is owed a smaller
sum of US$23,841.60). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1-PYT at para 10.

9 On 13 July 2020, HTLI was placed under judicial management. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

JMWS at para 15.

The plaintiffs in this action, who were the interim judicial managers of HTLI,
were appointed as the judicial managers. As the court has extended the
judicial management order until the final determination of the present
winding-up application, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

JMWS at p 8; Order of Court No 276 of 2022 dated 17 January 2022 in HC/OS
425/2020.

HTLI remains in judicial management.

10 One of the major decisions before the judicial managers was to decide
whether, and if so, to whom to sell HTLI’s assets consisting of the shares in
its subsidiaries. To facilitate this potential share sale, the judicial
managers conducted an internal restructuring of HTLI where the ownership of
the shares in most of the subsidiaries was transferred to HTL Capital Pte Ltd
(“HTL Capital”). HTL Capital was a newly incorporated entity and was wholly
owned by HTLI. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1-TWC at para 21.

The other remaining operating subsidiary of the HTL Group was HTL
Manufacturing Pte Ltd (“HTLM”), which was the main revenue-generating
subsidiary of the group. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1-TWC at paras 17–18.

Thus, after the internal restructuring, HTLI now owned just two subsidiaries –
HTL Capital and HTLM.

11 The judicial managers then engaged in a transparent sale process which
considered the competing offers. They exercised their commercial judgment and
sold HTLI’s shares in HTL Capital and HTLM to Golden Hill. The sale of the
shares was completed on 7 September 2020 (“Share Sale”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

JMWS at paras 21–22.

What is also relevant is that Mr Phua YT and Mr Phua YP are the beneficial
owners of Golden Hill. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ex tempore judgment in CA/CA 1/2021 at [6].

The Shareholders objected to the sale of the shares and preferred the other
offer from Man Wah Holdings Ltd (“Man Wah”) instead. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

JMWS at para 22.

12 Dissatisfied with the judicial managers’ decision to sell the shares to
Golden Hill instead of Man Wah, on 15 September 2020, the Shareholders brought
an application in Originating Summons No 425 of 2020 (Summons No 3963 of 2020)
to set aside the sale of the shares and to direct the judicial managers to
accept Man Wah’s offer. The application was dismissed in Re HTL International
Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] 5 SLR 586 (“HTL International (HC)”) as I found that
the judicial managers’ decision to prefer a sale to Golden Hill instead of Man
Wah did not cause prejudice to the Shareholders as the sale was in the
interests of the creditors and shareholders as a whole and fair consideration
was given to both offers (at [47] and [83]). The Shareholders then filed an
appeal against that decision. The Court of Appeal found that there was no
merit to the appeal as the judicial managers did not act unfairly in selling
the shares to Golden Hill instead of Man Wah, and dismissed it on 8 September
2021 in Yihua Lifestyle Technology Co, Ltd and another v HTL International
Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2021] 2 SLR 1141 (“HTL International (CA)”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

JMWS at paras 23–27.

13 In parallel with the proceedings in Singapore, when the judicial management
order was made on 13 July 2020, Yihua had commenced legal proceedings abroad
before the Shantou Intermediate People’s Court of Guangdong province in Suit
No 534 of 2020 (“PRC Suit 534”) against Mr Phua YT and Mr Phua YP, and HTLI.
Yihua alleged that there was mismanagement by HTLI in respect of two factories
owned by Yihua, and this resulted in Yihua suffering a loss amounting to at
least RMB99,480,100, which was claimed as damages. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1-TWC at para 35(a); JMWS at para 17.

14 On 30 July 2020, Yihua commenced another set of legal proceedings in Suit
No 635 of 2020 before the Shantou Intermediate People’s Court of Guangdong
province (“PRC Suit 635”) against HTL Capital and joined HTLI as a third party
in the action. Yihua alleged that Mr Phua YT, Mr Phua YP and HTL Capital had
colluded to carry out the internal restructuring of HTLI to evade repayment of
purported debts which were owed by HTLI to Yihua. Yihua claimed the same sum
of RMB99,480,100 and sought a declaration that HTLI and HTL Capital should be
jointly and severally liable for this sum. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1-TWC at para 35(b); JMWS at paras 18–19.

Based on PRC Suit 635, Yihua obtained freezing orders against the shares of
some subsidiaries in the PRC held by HTL Capital. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1-TWC at para 34; JMWS at para 20.

15 What is significant to note at this juncture is that there are allegations
that Yihua is seeking an order in PRC Suit 635 for the transfer of shares in
the subsidiaries from HTLI to HTL Capital to be declared void and invalid. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

JMWS at paras 120–121.

This would have the effect of undermining the sale of the shares from HTLI to
Golden Hill as the sale is premised on and given effect to by the internal
restructuring, which transferred the ownership of the shares in the
subsidiaries to HTL Capital. Effectively, this would mean that the Share Sale
process conducted by the judicial managers will be rendered nugatory. Golden
Hill would have purchased an empty shell should the transfer of shares in the
subsidiaries from HTLI to HTL Capital be reversed.

Summary of judicial managers’ case

16 Preliminarily, the judicial managers submit that they possess the standing
to bring the winding up application. Section 124(1)(h) of the IRDA provides
that a company may be wound up by the court on an application by the “judicial
manager appointed under this Act for the company”. This standing is not
limited to any particular ground for winding up under s 125(1) of the IRDA, as
opposed to the Minister whose standing is limited to specific grounds set out
in s 124(1)(g) of the IRDA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

JMWS at paras 37–38.

17 The powers, duties, roles and responsibilities of a judicial manager extend
beyond merely achieving the statutory aims of the judicial management. The
judicial manager has the obligation to ensure that steps taken in pursuit of
the aims of judicial management are not undermined or jeopardised. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

JMWS at paras 44.

18 HTLI should be wound up on just and equitable grounds under s 125(1)(i) of
the IRDA, and specifically, on two different bases: (a) that there was a loss
of substratum and/or (b) that it is in the public interest to do so. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

JMWS at paras 89.

19 There was a loss of substratum as HTLI was incorporated as an investment
holding company for the HTL Group and was never intended to carry on any
business of its own. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

JMWS at paras 93.

Following the sale of the HTL Group’s business, including all its subsidiaries
to Golden Hill on 7 September 2020, HTLI has essentially become a dormant
shell company and all the assets had been converted into cash deposits in
HTLI’s bank. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

JMWS at paras 97.

While the Shareholders have asserted that they have “commercial intentions”
for HTLI and that it should be kept alive, this appears to be a mere
afterthought to oppose the winding-up petition and is similar to the situation
in Chua Kien How v Goodwealth Trading Pte Ltd and another [1992] 1 SLR(R) 870
(“Goodwealth Trading (CA)”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

JMWS at paras 99.

The only “intention” that the Shareholders have is to be paid the shareholder
surplus (ie, the amount to be returned to shareholders after the settlement of
the claims of the creditors of HTLI as well as other contingent claims, and
the fees and expenses of the judicial managers). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

JMWS at paras 100.

Further, keeping HTLI alive in view of the ongoing proceedings in the PRC does
not support the position that there has been no loss of substratum. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

JMWS at paras 101.

20 Regarding the public interest basis, winding up would be just and equitable
to preserve the integrity of the court process and to uphold commercial
morality. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

JMWS at para 105.

The commencement of PRC Suit 534 and PRC Suit 635 (collectively, the “PRC
Suits”) was a calculated move to reverse the Share Sale by the judicial
managers as the Shareholders preferred the offer by Man Wah over Golden Hill.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

JMWS at para 105.

As long as PRC Suit 635 remains, there is the possibility of the shares (which
are subject to a freezing order) being sold to a third party to fulfil the
monetary debt of RMB99,480,100. If HTLI was returned to the Shareholders
instead of being wound up, the Shareholders would cause HTLI to consent to
judgment in the PRC Suits. This would allow enforcement against the frozen
shares, which would effectively reverse or undermine the Share Sale. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

JMWS at para 115–117.

Further, there are extracts from the Shareholders’ lawyers demonstrating that
they are seeking an order in PRC Suit 635 to void and invalidate the Share
Sale. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

JMWS at para 120–121.

It is in the public interest to ensure that the outcome of the judicial
management and the decisions of the Singapore courts in HTL International (HC)
and HTL International (CA) relating to the Share Sale are not undermined. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

JMWS at para 122.

Commercial morality is upheld by winding up HTLI. HTLI should not be returned
to the management of Yihua given the wrongdoings discovered by the China
Securities Regulatory Commission and the penalties meted out. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

JMWS at paras 129–131.

21 Further and/or alternatively, HTLI should be wound up on the suspension of
business ground under s 125(1)(c) of the IRDA. HTLI has suspended its business
since the Share Sale was completed on 7 September 2020 and no longer carries
out any investment holding activities. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

JMWS at paras 108–109.

22 In further written submissions, the judicial managers submit that a finding
of loss of substratum may be made even if the shareholders subsequently
attempt to resurrect the company. The decisions of Ma Wai Fong Kathryn v
Trillion Investment Pte Ltd and others and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1046
(“Kathryn Ma”) and Goodwealth Trading (CA) were cited in support of this
proposition. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Judicial managers’ further written submissions (“JMFWS”) at paras 6–8.

Thus, it is immaterial that the Shareholders have commercial plans to
resurrect HTLI, and the fact of the matter is that HTLI’s substratum as an
investment holding company has ceased to exist. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

JMFWS at para 9.

In any event, the judicial managers reiterate that the “commercial plans” for
HTLI were an afterthought, and there was no longer any business or goodwill
remaining in HTLI. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

JMFWS at paras 10–11.

23 Lastly, “public interest” grounds can be relied upon by the judicial
manager in an application to wind up a company despite the presence of s
125(1)(g) of the IRDA – which only makes reference to “an inspector appointed
under Part IX of the Companies Act” being of the opinion that it is in the
“interests of the public” that the company should be wound up. This argument
is supported by Australian authorities such as Deputy Commissioner of Taxation
(Cth) v Casualife Furniture International Pty Ltd [2004] VSC 157
(“Casualife”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JMFWS at paras 15–20.

These Australian authorities are argued to be relevant as s 125(1)(g) of the
IRDA is in pari materia with s 461(1)(h) of the Australian Corporations Act
2001 (Cth) (the “Australian Corp Act”). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

JMFWS at para 17.

Summary of Creditor’s case

24 The Creditor supports the judicial managers’ standing under s 124(1)(h) of
the IRDA to bring an application for winding up. This is based on a plain
reading of the provision and no further requirements are specified therein
other than being a judicial manager. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Phua Yong Tat’s written submissions dated 8 March 2022 (“PYTWS”) at paras 31
and 36.

While s 124(2) of the IRDA limits the grounds on which certain classes of
applicants may rely on for a winding-up application, there are no such
restrictions for a judicial manager. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

JMWS at para 36.

However, with reference to foreign authorities, there is the suggestion that
the judicial managers must demonstrate “sufficient interest” in the relief
sought and that the “interest” must arise qua their position as judicial
managers. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PYTWS at paras 32–34.

Even if such a requirement is necessary in Singapore, the “sufficient
interest” threshold is satisfied. The judicial managers have an interest in
ensuring that the purpose of judicial management is achieved, that the
statement of proposal by the judicial managers to wind up HTLI after the Share
Sale is carried to fruition, and that the work done by the judicial managers
is not undermined by Yihua’s attempts to reverse the Share Sale. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PYTWS at paras 37–38.

25 On the substantive grounds of winding-up, it is just and equitable to wind
up HTLI under s 125(1)(i) of the IRDA as there was a loss of substratum. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PYTWS at paras 39 and 43.

After the Share Sale had been completed, there was no longer any business left
in HTLI as HTLI’s only purpose was to hold shares in the subsidiaries of the
HTL Group. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PYTWS at para 43.

A decision of the Eastern Caribbean Court of Appeal in Delco Participation BV
v Green Elite Limited (BVI HCMAP 2017/0018) (“Delco”) was raised and an
analogy was drawn to the present case. The facts of Delco also involved an
investment holding company that was eventually ordered to be wound up on the
basis of loss of substratum when all the shares were sold off and the only
remaining asset was the proceeds of sale. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PYTWS at para 43–45.

While the Shareholders have alluded to the “commercial intentions” which they
have for HTLI, this was a bare and unsubstantiated assertion. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PYTWS at para 45.

26 In addition to this, the circumstances demonstrate that the Shareholders
intend to use their control of HTLI to undermine the Share Sale through the
PRC Suits. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PYTWS at para 46–47.

If HTLI is returned, Yihua will direct HTLI to concede the claims brought
against it in the PRC Suits and seek an order invalidating the transfer of
shares of the subsidiaries from HTLI to HTL Capital. This would, in turn,
undermine the Share Sale and the Court of Appeal’s decision in HTL
International (CA) to uphold the judicial managers’ commercial decision to
prefer Golden Hill’s offer over Man Wah’s offer. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PYTWS at para 47.

There was also an offer made by HTLI to pay the sum of RMB99,480,100 and costs
to Yihua (ie, the exact sum which Yihua seeks in PRC Suit 635) in full and
final settlement of claims in exchange for Yihua discontinuing the actions
abroad (along with other terms), but this offer was rejected by Yihua on the
basis that HTLI is not the sole defendant in the PRC Suits. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PYTWS at paras 50–54.

This was surprising given that it was Yihua’s own position that the sum of
RMB99,480,100 is the underlying debt being owed by HTLI in the first place. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PYTWS at para 54.

Thus, the only reasonable conclusion to be drawn is that the PRC Suits were
not commenced with the objective of being repaid the debt of RMB99,480,100,
but were instead, to avoid and invalidate the Share Sale. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PYTWS at para 55.

27 Further to the above, the just and equitable ground of winding up is
satisfied as the return of HTLI to the Shareholders would undermine the
interests of Mr Phua YT and Mr Phua YP, as well as Golden Hill (collectively,
the “Phua Group”). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PYTWS at para 57.

The Phua Group was already put through months of court proceedings before the
High Court and Court of Appeal and was finally able to get the Share Sale
approved. Mr Phua YT is also HTLI’s largest unsecured creditor and has reason
to believe that liquidation is the only route by which he can recover the sum
owed by HTLI. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PYTWS at paras 58–59.

28 Lastly, it would be in the public interest to wind up HTLI on just and
equitable grounds. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PYTWS at para 62.

There is a want of commercial morality as Yihua is using the corporate
structure of HTLI to undermine a court-approved Share Sale and the outcome of
the judicial management. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PYTWS at para 63.

Summary of Shareholders’ case

29 Responding to the contention that HTLI had suspended its business for the
past one year under s 125(1)(c) of the IRDA, the Shareholders argue that it is
not mandatory for the court to order a winding-up even if the conditions are
met as the provision uses the term “may”. Further, the present facts are
exceptional as the suspension of HTLI’s business is directly attributable to
the judicial managers’ conduct in controlling the company since 5 May 2020. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Shareholders’ written submissions dated 8 March 2022 (“SWS”) at paras 6–7.

The Shareholders also have commercial intentions for HTLI once they regain
control of the company. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SWS at para 8.

30 There is also no basis to argue that HTLI should be wound up on just and
equitable grounds under s 125(1)(i) of the IRDA. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

SWS at para 16.

The just and equitable ground of winding up is usually invoked in cases where
there is a deadlock or breakdown of trust and confidence between the
shareholders. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

SWS at para 13.

Other instances include situations where the minority shareholders are being
oppressed or being treated unfairly by the controlling shareholders and have
justifiably lost confidence in the management of the company. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SWS at para 14.

Even in cases concerning the loss of substratum, the court would only grant a
winding-up order where it is unfair to keep the aggrieved shareholders locked
into a company which is no longer carrying out the business it set out to do –
the unfairness lies in holding the shareholders to the association despite the
loss of substratum. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SWS at para 15.

The present facts are different as the sole shareholder of Yihua, Ideal Homes,
is willing to continue running HTLI as a going concern.

31 There is no need for HTLI to be wound up insofar as payment of the
outstanding debts to Mr Phua YT and HomesToLife Pte Ltd are concerned as the
judicial managers can avail themselves of the mechanism found in s 227G(6)(a)
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “Companies Act”) to discharge
the debts. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SWS at paras 24–28.

32 Further, regarding the allegations that the Share Sale would be unwound
because of the PRC Suits, it is unclear how this would happen as the judicial
managers have not offered anything more than mere speculation regarding the
outcome of those suits and the anticipated actions of the Shareholders after
regaining control of HTLI. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SWS at para 32.

The judicial managers have not provided a credible basis to show that the PRC
courts would not recognise the decision made by the Singapore Court of Appeal
in HTL International (CA) and/or that the PRC Suits will result in a reversal
of the Share Sale. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SWS at para 33.

The judicial managers could have sought a stay of the PRC Suits or even a
striking out order if there was such a threat to the Share Sale, but they did
not do so. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SWS at paras 33–34.

The judicial managers should not use the Singapore courts to pre-emptively
stymie ongoing litigation in a competent foreign jurisdiction by winding up
HTLI as that would be against public policy. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SWS at para 35.

33 In further written submissions by the Shareholders, it was also reiterated
that HTLI had not lost its substratum as there were future commercial plans
for the company which were evidenced by a sealed affidavit, and hence, there
was a legitimate purpose for HTLI to operate as a going concern. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Shareholders’ further written submissions filed on 29 March 2022 (“SFWS”) at
para 14.

There is no public interest element to justify winding up HTLI and there has
yet to be any decided case in Singapore where a company was wound up on this
basis. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SFWS at para 15.

The existence of s 125(1)(g) of the IRDA also disentitles the judicial
managers from relying on “public interest” as a basis for winding up, as that
provision only makes reference to “an inspector appointed under Part IX of the
Companies Act”. Hence, only such inspectors can rely on public interest
grounds to seek a winding up, but not judicial managers. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SFWS at para 17.

Decision

34 I conclude that it would not be appropriate to order the winding-up as
sought by the judicial managers. The grounds for winding up are not made out
and the application is dismissed.

35 However, I am satisfied that the restructuring efforts should be given some
protection from the possible actions of the Shareholders in unwinding what has
been wrought by the judicial managers. Not giving such protection would put
the credibility of the judicial management regime at risk and undermine the
confidence of investors involved in corporate rescues. In the circumstances of
this case, I am of the view that the judicial management order should be
extended for six months to allow the judicial managers the time to consider
the appropriate application (if any) to protect the corporate rescue.

Analysis

Standing of judicial managers to apply for winding up on various grounds

Just and equitable

36 The judicial management order for HTLI was granted under the previous
regime within the Companies Act on 13 July 2020 (HC/ORC 3852/2020). The
purposes of judicial management are limited to the statutory objectives listed
under s 227B(1)(b) of the Companies Act (now under s 89(1) of the IRDA) and
this includes: (a) ensuring the survival of the company, or the whole or part
of its undertaking, as a going concern, (b) obtaining approval of a compromise
or an arrangement between the company and the relevant persons, (c) obtaining
a more advantageous realisation of the company’s assets or property than on a
winding up. These purposes are meant to be exhaustive.

37 The protection of the corporate rescue is not one of those objectives.
Given the identified objectives of judicial management, at first blush, it is
doubtful that the judicial managers have the appropriate standing generally to
apply for winding up on just and equitable grounds under s 125(1)(i) of the
IRDA (the IRDA governs the winding-up application as it was made after the
commencement of the IRDA). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See originating summons in HC/CWU 257/2021 dated 20 December 2021.

It may be thought that where the company had been rehabilitated to solvency,
as in this case, the purpose of the judicial management has been achieved and
the company should not be wound up. Instead, the company should be returned to
the shareholders.

38 Nevertheless, I note that there is nothing inherent in the language of s
124(1)(h) of the IRDA which limits the grounds for winding up which may be
relied upon by the judicial managers. This is in contrast to the Minister’s
position under s 124(1)(g) of the IRDA where certain prescribed grounds in s
125(1) of the IRDA are expressly stated, and also in relation to a
contributory under s 124(1)(d) of the IRDA where restrictions are set out in s
124(2)(b). This would suggest that the judicial manager is not limited to any
specific ground of winding up, other than the one excluded ground in s
125(1)(b) where there is a default made by the company in lodging a statutory
report or holding the statutory meeting (by virtue of s 124(2)(c) of the
IRDA).

39 The ability for the judicial manager to make an application to wind up a
company was first introduced by way of an amendment to the previous s 253(1)
of the Companies Act in the Companies (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 9/1986) via
clause 57. The explanatory statement to the bill provided that: “Clause 57
amends section 253 and enables a judicial manager appointed under Part VIIIA
to petition for a winding up”. However, no further mention of this amendment
was made in the relevant parliamentary debates and speeches. All that can be
gathered is that the judicial manager was given standing to petition for
winding up and nothing suggests that this is limited to specific grounds.

40 The only other restrictions on a petitioner’s right to apply for a winding
up of the company are judge-made in nature. For example, in Re Ah Yee
Contractors (Pte) Ltd [1987] SLR(R) 396, it was held at [11] that a fully-paid
shareholder who applied to wind up a company on just and equitable grounds
must show that he had a “tangible interest” in the relief sought, ie, the
winding up. If there were no surplus assets left for distribution to the
shareholder when the company was wound up (after payment of the company’s
debts and liabilities), then the fully-paid shareholder is not entitled to
present the petition (at [10]). That rule has since appeared to be overridden
by Parliament under s 128(1)(c) of the IRDA. No equivalent rule had been
developed in relation to judicial managers that there must be a “tangible
interest” in the relief sought.

41 Thus, it would appear that a judicial manager has standing to petition to
wind up a company on just and equitable grounds under s 125(1)(i) of the IRDA.

Public interest

42 There does not appear to be any other application in which a court has
ordered a company to be wound up on the ground that it would be in the public
interest to do so. There is no distinct ground of “public interest” present
within the circumstances under which a company may be wound up under s 125(1)
of the IRDA. However, it has been argued on occasion to be subsumed within the
just and equitable ground, at least, within the Australian authorities.

43 An issue which arises is whether the presence of s 125(1)(g) of the IRDA
would prevent the judicial manager from relying on “public interest” as a
basis for the petition. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

SFWS at para 17.

That provision provides as such:

Circumstances in which company may be wound up by Court

125.—(1) The Court may order the winding up of a company if —

…

(g) an inspector appointed under Part IX of the Companies Act has reported
that he or she is of the opinion —

…

(ii) that it is in the interests of the public, the shareholders or the
creditors that the company should be wound up;

This provision should be read together with s 241(1) of the Companies Act
which allows the Minister to apply to the court for the winding up of the
company after an inspector has made his report (and the Minister has standing
under s 124(1)(f) of the IRDA). On the face of it, it appears that the
Minister considering the report of the inspector appointed under the Companies
Act has been tasked with considering whether it is in the interests of the
public to petition for winding up. This would suggest that the judicial
managers should not be allowed to petition on public interest grounds, for it
amounts to the usurpation and encroachment of that role.

(1) The position in the United Kingdom

44 Looking to the position abroad, under the United Kingdom’s Insolvency Act
1986 (c 45) (UK) (the “UK Insolvency Act”), there is a specific provision for
winding up on the grounds of public interest under s 124A of the UK Insolvency
Act. That provision provides in the relevant part:

124A Petition for winding up on grounds of public interest.

(1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State from—

(a) any report made or information obtained under Part XIV (except section
448A) of the Companies Act 1985 (company investigations, &c.),

(b) any report made by inspectors under …

…

that it is expedient in the public interest that a company should be wound up,
he may present a petition for it to be wound up if the court thinks it just
and equitable for it to be so.

The Secretary of State may present a petition for winding up where it is
“expedient in the public interest” and the court “thinks it just and
equitable” for it to do so. It has been held in Re Millennium Advanced
Technology Ltd [2004] 1 WLR 2177 (“Re Millennium”) that only the Secretary of
State is entitled to present a petition under this section as he has been
identified by Parliament as the guardian or promoter of the public interest
(at [33]). Parliament intended that the Secretary of State should act as a
filter on petitions presented in pursuance of the public interest (at [37]).
Thus, it is not for other petitioners (such as the local authority and
creditor in that case), to pursue their own perception of the public interest
and petition for winding up on these grounds. Instead, those other petitioners
should “[bring] the matters complained of to the attention of the Secretary of
State” (at [38]).

45 As noted in Re Lubin, Rosen and Associated Ltd [1975] 1 WLR 122 at 129,
when petitioning for winding up under s 124A of the UK Insolvency Act (the
predecessor provision in that case), the Secretary of State is necessarily
acting not in his own interest but in the interests of the public at large.
The court should give special weight to the views of the Secretary of State as
he is a high officer of the State who is entrusted by Parliament to act in the
public interest.

(2) The position in Australia

46 Regarding the position under the Australian Corp Act, it has been noted by
the author of McPherson & Keay's Law of Company Liquidation (Sweet & Maxwell,
5th Ed, 2021) (“McPherson & Keay”) at p 298 that s 461(1)(h) of the Australian
Corp Act is similar to s 124A of the UK Insolvency Act. The equivalent
provision in Australia empowers a court to make a winding-up order where the
Australian Securities and Investments Commission has reported that it is of
the opinion that it is in the interests of the public that the company be
wound up:

General grounds on which company may be wound up by Court

(1) The Court may order the winding up of a company if:

…

(h) ASIC has stated in a report prepared under Division 1 of Part 3 of the
ASIC Act that, in its opinion:

(i) the company cannot pay its debts and should be wound up; or

(ii) it is in the interests of the public, of the members, or of the
creditors, that the company should be wound up; or

…

47 However, unlike the English position, despite the existence of s 461(1)(h)
of the Australian Corp Act, it appears that grounds of public interests may be
relied upon by petitioners other than the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission. For example, in Re JSSP Holdings Pty Ltd [2021] VSC
33, the minority shareholder of the company sought to apply to wind up the
company on the just and equitable ground (under the equivalent provision to
Singapore’s s 125(1)(i) of the IRDA) and raised public interest
considerations. The court was willing to consider the “risk to public interest
that warrants protection” (at [14(i)]) when deciding whether a just and
equitable winding-up order should be made. The court observed that the
“relevant interests to be balanced can also extend beyond the parties and
encompass the broader public interest” (at [16]) when determining the relative
justice of a winding up. Thus, where it was found that the business operated
by the company posed a real risk to public safety (ie, having a poor record of
injuries and operating without public liability insurance), it was held that
the “safety of the community is a paramount public interest which would be
protected by the making of a winding up order in this case” (at [61]).

48 Public entities other than the Australian Securities and Investments
Commission are also entitled to raise public interest considerations. In
Casualife, a case relied upon by the judicial managers in submissions (see
above at [23]), the Deputy Commissioner of Taxation sought a winding-up
petition in its capacity as a creditor (at [3]). The Deputy Commissioner
brought the proceedings on the just and equitable ground (at [422]), but
relied on public interest considerations (at [449]). The defendant companies
argued that the Deputy Commissioner was not entitled to rely on public
interest grounds as opposed to entities such as the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission that is expressly charged with regulating corporate
conduct (at [479]):

479 The defendants also submitted that the authorities relied upon by the
Deputy Commissioner largely related to applications by ASIC or another public
authority expressly charged with the power to regulate corporate conduct.
Referring to comments by Santow J … that ‘The public interest in bringing
insolvent companies to winding up can be pursued by others, in particular the
Australian Securities Commission … ,’ the defendants submitted that the Deputy
Commissioner, as a creditor, cannot rely on the public interest in the same
way as ASIC. …

The court rejected that submission and accepted the position taken by the
Deputy Commissioner “that there is a public interest factor to be taken
account of in these circumstances” but that “there is a need to identify the
aspects of the public interest that would be promoted by a winding up order”
(at [488]). The court found that the Deputy Commissioner was entitled to raise
public interests concerns about the company’s poor tax payment history and the
company controller’s disdain for the obligation to pay tax (at [504]). In
arriving at its decision, the court was willing to consider the public
interest of due collection of revenue tax (at [488]), notwithstanding the fact
that an entity other than the Australian Securities and Investments Commission
was making the application.

(3) The law in Singapore

49 If the English position is followed, then it could be argued that by virtue
of s 125(1)(g) of the IRDA, it is the Minister considering the report of the
inspector appointed under the Companies Act who has been identified by
Singapore’s Parliament to be the guardian of the public interest.
Consequently, the judicial manager (or other categories of petitioners for
that matter) will not have the standing to make a winding-up petition on
public interest grounds. Conversely, if the Australian model is adopted, then
petitioners other than the Minister considering the report of the inspector
appointed under the Companies Act would have the standing to make public
interest arguments (which can encompass a wide array of circumstances such as
public safety).

50 To my mind, the English position should be followed, and the rationale
espoused in Re Millennium ought to apply in Singapore. Public interest
considerations can be wide-ranging and petitions have been filed for reasons
such as: the affairs of a company being conducted fraudulently (Re Golden
Chemical Products Ltd [1976] 3 WLR 1), the company being involved in an
elaborate conspiracy to defraud customers (Re Highfield Commodities Ltd [1985]
1 WLR. 149), where the company has engaged in plainly unlawful activities
(Secretary of State for Trade and Industry v Bell Davies Trading Ltd and
another [2005] 1 BCLC 516), and where a company was conducting a pyramid
selling scheme (Re Alpha Club (UK) Ltd [2002] 2 BCLC 612). What can be
observed is that these situations are manifold and laden with polycentric
considerations. A petitioner, other than the Minister acting upon the report
of the inspector appointed under the Companies Act, may not be the best filter
for what would be in the best interests of the public when making a winding-up
application on this ground.

51 One other consideration is that Parliament appears to have demonstrated a
desire to centralise petitions in the public interest through the Minister
rather than private parties acting in their various capacities as
contributories, creditors, etc. There will be occasions where it is in the
public interest that a solvent (even profitable) company would be wound up (Re
A Company No.007923 of 1994 [1995] 1 WLR 953 at 957). Reserving the role of
the pursuer of public interest to a holder of a high office, subject to public
scrutiny, ensures propriety and presumably reduces substantially the
possibility of an inappropriate application being made.

52 While judicial managers are officers of the court, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

JMWS at para 87–88.

they would not have the same resources, or perspective as a holder of a high
office, especially when compared to a Minister assisted with the report of the
inspector appointed under the Companies Act. Furthermore, as noted in
McPherson & Keay (at p 301), it is “highly debateable as to whether it is
possible to provide one definition of ‘the public interest’ for all
circumstances, as it appears that the concept cannot be regarded as
normative”, and hence, that task is best left to the Minister.

53 Additionally, a unique feature within the Singapore legislation is that, in
addition to s 125(1)(g) of the IRDA, there is also the presence of s 125(1)(n)
as a ground for winding up which would already encompass certain aspects of
the public interest including where: “the company is being used for an
unlawful purpose or for purposes prejudicial to public peace, welfare or good
order in Singapore or against national security or interest”. The predecessor
provision was introduced by way of the Companies (Amendment) Bill (Bill No
16/1983), and the explanatory statement provides that it was “to enable the
Minister to petition for the winding up of a company which is already
registered under the Act if it is being used for an unlawful purpose or
against the national interest, etc”. It is clear that only the Minister has
the standing to apply under this ground as well. The existence of s 125(1)(n)
of the IRDA alongside s 125(1)(g) supports the proposition that for matters
relating to the public interest, only the Minister may petition on such
grounds.

54 Thus, a petitioner should not pursue his own perception of public interest
and make an application for winding up on public interest grounds. He should
instead, following the approach in Re Millennium being applied mutatis
mutandis, bring matters complained of to the attention of the Minister. Thus,
the judicial managers in the present case do not have the standing to rely on
the public interest ground when petitioning for winding up. The public
interest arguments put forward will not be considered further.

Whether just and equitable ground made out – loss of substratum

55 Aside from the lack of standing (in relation to arguments touching upon
public interest grounds), I am doubtful that just and equitable grounds are
made out in the present case.

56 The jurisdiction of the court to order winding up on that ground should be
triggered only where it involves some breakdown in the relationship between
the shareholders of the company, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SWS at para 13.

or some other basis going to the continued existence of the company. It
cannot, to my mind, be sensibly extended to the present situation, which
involves the interest of an investor or corporate rescuer. The gravamen of the
complaint by the judicial managers and the Creditor is that the Shareholders
may try to unwind and invalidate the Share Sale. That would, in turn, nullify
and waste the US$100 million investment given as consideration by the
corporate rescuer, Golden Hill. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PYTWS at para 1.

The white knight investor who rescued HTLI will suffer great loss and the work
done by the judicial managers would be undone.

57 However, the present circumstances do not fit neatly into the traditional
framework in which a company is wound up on just and equitable grounds. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SWS at para 16.

The starting point is that the words “just and equitable” in s 125(1)(i) of
the IRDA (previously under s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act) are words of the
widest significance and do not limit the jurisdiction of the court to any case
(Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi and another [2008] 4 SLR(R) 362 at [14]
citing In re Blériot Manufacturing Aircraft Company (Limited) (1916) 32 TLR
253 at 255). However, as subsequently noted in Perennial (Capitol) Pte Ltd and
another v Capitol Investment Holdings Pte Ltd and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR
763 (“Perennial”) at [40], this broad phraseology does not give the court
carte blanche and it is a jurisdiction that has to be exercised with caution.

58 While it is recognised that the circumstances in which it is just and
equitable to wind up a company are not closed and that the court can
superimpose equitable considerations (Perennial at [41]), there are a few
broad categories of cases which fall within this ground. For illustration,
these can be broken down as such:

(a) where the substratum of the company has been lost as the main objects for
which the company was set up can no longer be achieved: Goodwealth Trading
(CA);

(b) where there is a deadlock in the management of a company: Seah Chee Wan
and another v Connectus Group Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 228;

(c) where the company is in truth a quasi-partnership, and there has been a
breakdown of trust and confidence between the two groups of shareholders:
Chong Kok Ming and another v Richinn Technology Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGHC
224;

(d) where the company’s business had been carried on in a fraudulent manner:
Kathryn Ma;

(e) where there is a loss of confidence in the directors on account of their
lack of probity in the conduct and management of the company affairs: Foo Peow
Yong Douglas v ERC Prime II Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 299;

(f) where a shareholder has been excluded from management in breach of an
understanding by the other shareholders: Re Iniaga Building Supplies (S) Pte
Ltd [1994] 2 SLR(R) 416.

59 The judicial managers and Creditor have made the submission that HTLI
should be wound up on the basis that there was a “loss of substratum” as HTLI
was an investment holding company that has since sold off all its income-
generating assets. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

JMWS at para 97; PYTWS at para 45.

In opposition, the Shareholders argue that there is no unfairness in holding
the shareholders to the association despite the loss of substratum, and hence,
the guiding principle underlying a winding-up order is not applicable here. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SWS at paras 15–16.

60 A company’s substratum is the main object which it was formed to achieve,
and the court must determine the real object for which the company was formed
(Re Goodwealth Trading Pte Ltd [1990] 2 SLR(R) 691 (“Goodwealth Trading (HC)”)
at [25]). The objects clause in a memorandum of association of the company
sets out the business that the company is authorised to carry on. If the
memorandum has been drafted very widely to include as many objects as possible
– as in the case of a shelf company that was formed with no particular object
in mind to be used as a corporate vehicle later on – then little assistance is
derived in ascertaining the substratum of the company from construing the
memorandum alone (Goodwealth Trading (CA) at [38]). Instead, the court will
have to consider all the circumstances of the case to ascertain the main
object of the company.

61 In Goodwealth Trading (HC), it was unhelpful to determine the company’s
substratum by construing the memorandum of association alone as it contained a
long list of objects. Instead, after analysing the surrounding circumstances
of the case, it was held that the company’s substratum was to run a restaurant
business in a particular location (Re Goodwealth (HC) at [26]; Goodwealth
Trading (CA) at [39]). In arriving at this conclusion, the court took into
account the fact that the original shareholders wanted a corporate vehicle to
carry on the restaurant at that location after a lease of the premises was
secured, and that one of the shareholders was a friend of the general manager
of the landlords. Thus, the company’s substratum disappeared with the
termination of the lease of the premises at that location as the shareholders
only wanted the restaurant to be operated from that specific location and
nowhere else.

62 In the present case, HTLI’s constitution was drafted to include as many
objects as possible and contained different objects ranging from chartering
ships to constructing roads. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

1st Affidavit of Chew Kwang Yong dated 27 April 2020 filed in HC/OS 425/2020
at pp 56–83.

Construing the objects in the constitution alone would not be helpful and the
other circumstances must be examined to determine its substratum. HTLI was
incorporated by Mr Phua YT and Mr Phua YP as an investment holding company for
the HTL Group. HTLI was never intended to carry on any business of its own and
the HTL Group’s business was solely carried on by its subsidiaries. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1-TWC at paras 12 and 24.

HTLI itself is not a revenue-generating entity, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1-TWC at para 12.

and it was the subsidiary companies which undertook the manufacturing, sales
and distribution of the furniture products. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

1-TWC at para 14.

Thus, it is clear that the substratum of HTLI was to function as an investment
holding company in respect of the HTL Group’s business. That substratum fell
away following the sale of the shares in the subsidiaries to Golden Hill on 7
September 2020 and the applicant became a shell company holding the proceeds
of the Share Sale in HTLI’s bank account.

63 However, what is relevant to note is that the loss of substratum ground is
ordinarily relied upon by disgruntled shareholders in a winding-up application
(and not the judicial manager – as in the present case). The reason why this
is so becomes clear when we examine the rationale underlying the rule. As
noted by the Court of Appeal in Kathryn Ma at [65]:

65 … the guiding principle to bear in mind when assessing whether to wind up a
company on the basis that it has lost its substratum is to consider whether
there is unfairness in keeping the aggrieved shareholder (whatever her reason
for becoming a member of the company) locked into a company which is no longer
carrying out and/or can no longer carry out the business it set out to do.

Hence, the phrase “loss of substratum” can be rather misleading as it is not
merely the falling away of the substratum that renders it just and equitable
for the company to be wound up, but rather, it is the unfairness in locking-in
shareholders into a business that they did not agree to. The unfairness does
not arise from the loss of substratum per se, but “from a majority using its
legal powers to maintain the association in circumstances to which the
minority can reasonably say it did not agree” (O’Neill v Phillips [1999] 1 WLR
1092 at 1101H–1102A). As noted in Woon’s Corporations Law (Walter Woon gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2021, Issue 26) at para 603, unfairness is present when one set
of shareholders insist on having the other shareholders diversify into a
different business that they did not agree to as the commercial risk would
have changed. Those other shareholders should not have their capital locked in
and should be entitled to pull out of the enterprise. Contrariwise, if the
shareholders are not opposed to venturing into a different business, then
there would be no unfairness. There would also be no unfairness when
considering a situation of a sole shareholder of the company intending to
pivot its business.

64 Further, the rationale underlying the rule becomes evident when we examine
the cases cited in submissions. All of these cases involved shareholders who
were opposed to each other on whether the business of the company should
continue despite the failure of an object that the company was set out to do.
None of them involved a situation concerning a sole shareholder.

65 The case of Goodwealth Trading (HC) involved a dispute between shareholders
on whether the company running a restaurant at a specific location should be
wound up. One of the shareholders objected to the winding-up application on
the basis that the company could pursue running a restaurant at a different
location. It was held that it was better for the shareholders to part ways and
for the company to be wound up: “where the company’s substratum has
disappeared, and there is opposition by one of the two shareholder groups to
continuing in business with the other, it is clearly ‘just and equitable’ that
the company be wound up, so that the cash assets can be distributed and each
of the two groups can go his own way” (Goodwealth Trading (HC) at [26]).

66 In Kathryn Ma, the executrix of the deceased shareholder applied to wind up
two companies on the ground that there was a loss of substratum, but this was
opposed by the other shareholders of the company (at [18]). Once more, this
was a situation where shareholders had opposing views on whether the business
venture should come to an end. The court also considered whether the
unfairness of the aggrieved shareholder being locked into a company that had
lost its substratum could be negated by utilising the appropriate exit
mechanism in the company’s articles of association (at [76]–[78]).

67 Turning to foreign authorities, the judicial managers cite the case of Re
Perfectair Holdings Ltd [1990] BCLC 423 (“Re Perfectair”). 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

JMWS at para 68.

In that case, the company was set up as a holding company which held property
and its business was carried on through a wholly-owned subsidiary which traded
the property. An agreement was reached between shareholders that the assets,
in the form of shares in the subsidiary, would be sold off. After the sale
process, the only assets remaining in the holding company consisted of cash. A
winding-up petition was brought by one group of shareholders, but this was
opposed by another group of shareholders. Thus, this case also involved
shareholders who were opposed to one another on the future plans for the
company after it lost its substratum.

68 The Creditor raises the case of Delco, an Eastern Caribbean Court of Appeal
decision, where the investment holding company was ordered to be wound up as
there was a loss of substratum after the underlying assets of the company, in
the form of shares, were sold. However, again, the case is of little
assistance because of the fact pattern – it involved a contest between two
groups of shareholders over whether the company should be kept as a going
concern after the sale (see [8]–[10]).

69 In contradistinction to the abovementioned cases, the present case involves
a sole shareholder (Ideal Homes) that is willing to continue operating HTLI as
a going concern and it is the judicial managers who are petitioning for
winding up. There is no unfairness to any shareholder in this case as Ideal
Homes voluntarily agrees to take on the commercial risk to diversify HTLI’s
business into other pastures. There is no issue of shareholders being locked
into a different venture from what was envisaged and no unfairness ensues. As
the notion of unfairness lies at the heart of the “just and equitable”
jurisdiction (Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar Investments Pte Ltd [2006] 3 SLR(R) 827
at [31]; Perennial at [40]), in the absence of unfairness, winding up would
not be appropriate. It bears reiterating that it is important to have regard
to the rationale underlying the rule (Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore – Company
Law (Volume 6) (LexisNexis Singapore, 2019) (“Halsbury’s Company Law”) at para
70.506):

.. The commercial justification for this rule is straightforward: a
businessman who puts his money into a particular business does his financial
calculations on the basis of that business. It would be unfair if his money is
used by the others in the company for some of the business that he has not
agreed to and which may involve totally different risks and returns. …

This principle has no application where the sole shareholder voluntarily
accepts taking on a different business, even though HTLI would no longer be
operating as an investment holding company.

70 As pointed out by the Shareholders in oral submissions, the cases cited by
the judicial managers and Creditor involved an underlying tussle between
shareholders, which is unlike the present case where the sole shareholder
desires to continue running the company. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Minute Sheet in HC/CWU 257/2021 dated 15 March 2022 at p 7.

71 The only perceivable “unfairness” in the present case concerns not the
unfairness that would be occasioned to the shareholder of the company, but to
the potential unwinding of the Share Sale through the PRC Suits which would
undo the work done by the judicial managers and prejudice Golden Hill.
However, “the notion of ‘unfairness’, though broad, does not give the Court a
licence for capriciousness, and its powers should be exercised with caution”
(Phua Kiah Mai v The Kheng Chiu Tin Hou Kong and Burial Ground [2022] SGHC 36
(“Phua Kiah Mai”) at [13]). While I do think that the necessary safeguards
should be implemented, as explained below at [73]–[77], it would not be
appropriate for HTLI to be compulsorily wound up by the court where it has
been rehabilitated to solvency and the shareholder intends for the company to
continue operating as a going concern.

72 Further, a company will not be wound up on the “just and equitable” ground
simply on the basis that a prominent purpose for the company is incapable of
being achieved if other objects of the company are still capable of being
achieved (Phua Kiah Mai at [43]). A similar statement was made in Re
Perfectair, where it was accepted by the English court (at 435G) that a
company would not be wound up even if the most important purpose was no longer
capable of being achieved “if it were the case that other commercial purposes
authorised by the memorandum remained capable of being achieved” and this was
desired by shareholders of the company (at 435I–436A).

73 Returning to the present case, the Shareholders have indicated that while
HTLI would no longer operate as an investment holding company after the Share
Sale, there is a legitimate purpose for the company to operate as a going
concern. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

SFWS at para 14.

A sealed affidavit was provided to the court which contained details of Ideal
Homes’ future plans for HTLI. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Affidavit of Charanpreet Kaur.

Without divulging any commercially sensitive details, what could be seen was
that the Shareholders intended to leverage on HTLI’s reputation as a home
furnishing brand and embark on other initiatives. In the circumstances, there
is no unfairness present to invoke the just and equitable jurisdiction of the
court. The court should be slow to thwart the commercial plans of a solvent
company that intends to diversify the business.

74 As noted in Petroships Investment Pte Ltd v Wealthplus Pte Ltd (in members’
voluntary liquidation) (Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor
(Pte) Ltd and another, interveners) and another matter [2018] 3 SLR 687 at
[132], a solvent company is to be liquidated primarily in the members’
interest. A passage from McPherson & Keay was cited in that case which had
provided in the relevant part (at p 6):

… With a solvent company there is no one aim for the winding up. The aim of
winding up is often to allow the shareholders who decide that the company has
completed the purposes for which it was established to have the assets
distributed to them after paying out the creditors. …

It is not disputed that HTLI is a company that had been rehabilitated to
solvency with a significant amount of cash assets. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

JMWS at para 3; PYTWS at para 2; SWS at para 24.

In the circumstances, the wishes of the shareholder in continuing to run the
company as a going concern should be given weight and compulsory winding up
would not be appropriate.

75 At this juncture, it is apposite to reference the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Foo Peow Yong Douglas v ERC Prime II Pte Ltd and another appeal
and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 1337 (“Douglas Foo”). The relevant company in
question, ERC Prime II Pte Ltd (“ERCP II”), was an investment holding company
and its principal business was to acquire and develop a hotel project (at
[5]). ERCP II had no business of its own. Subsequently, the hotel property was
sold with most of the investment returns being distributed. It was thus argued
that ERCP II had lost its substratum and should be wound up on just and
equitable grounds. However, the Court of Appeal rejected this argument and
made the following observation (at [63]):

63 … The loss of substratum ground is usually invoked where the company’s
original purpose is frustrated or no longer practicable. In a situation where
the substratum has been fulfilled, it appears to us, at least provisionally,
that the better course is for the company to be wound up voluntarily rather
than compulsorily by order of court. …

[emphasis in original]

76 Some parallels can be drawn to the present case. One could characterise the
situation at hand as one where HTLI has fulfilled its substratum rather than
it being frustrated. An investment holding company is set up to hold
investments such as properties or shares and generates income from its
underlying assets. However, it could also choose to realise those assets in
future and distribute returns to shareholders, bringing the venture to an end.
Here, the underlying assets have been sold via the Share Sale and the
substratum of the company has been fulfilled. In the circumstances, a
voluntary winding up initiated by Ideal Homes as the sole shareholder would be
more appropriate than compulsory winding up by the court.

77 The risk of the Shareholders trying to unwind the Share Sale to Golden Hill
Capital is a separate matter which can be more appropriately addressed by
other means. This background should not be conflated with the company law
rationale in winding up a company. Hence, this ground of winding up is not
made out.

Whether suspension of business ground made out

78 The judicial managers also raise the ground of suspension of business for a
whole year to wind up the company under s 125(1)(c) of the IRDA. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

JMWS at paras 103–104.

This ground is rarely utilised in Singapore. As noted in Halsbury’s Company
Law at para 70.506: “This ground seems to be little used nowadays. It is
easier (and cheaper) just to let the company slide into dormancy. After
several years of suspended animation, the Registrar of Companies may be
induced to strike the company off as a defunct company.” The position appears
to be the same in England, where it is said that a “company is seldom wound up
on the basis that it has suspended its business” (Edward Bailey and Hugo
Groves, Bailey and Groves: Corporate Insolvency – Law and Practice
(LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2021) at p 17).

79 To my knowledge, Lau Yu Man v Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd
[2007] SGHC 96 is the only published decision in Singapore which dealt with
the suspension of business ground for winding up, but the case did not fully
flesh out the intricacies of this ground. It seems that there are only a
handful of English authorities of former vintage that could help illuminate
the relevant principles.

80 In Re Middlesborough Assembly Rooms Co (1879) 14 Ch D 104 (“Re
Middlesborough”), the company was incorporated with the aim of erecting some
assembly rooms. Due to a trade depression, the company did not engage in
construction work for three years. A member sought a winding-up order relying
on the predecessor English Insolvency Act’s equivalent of s 125(1)(c) of the
IRDA, but a large majority of shareholders opposed the petition. The order was
not granted as the court said that it was not certain that the company had
absolutely no intention of carrying on the business and the majority of
shareholders wished to go on (at 111):

… It is true that there is no evidence that the company will proceed with
their building within any given time, but I cannot look upon the delay as
arising from anything but a wish to wait for a time when the business can be
carried on more profitably than at present. Under these circumstances, I think
that a winding-up order ought not to be directed when a vast majority of the
shareholders wish to go on, and the only result of a compulsory winding-up
would be a great and unnecessary expense.

Hence, the court will generally defer to the wishes of the majority
shareholders even if the company has laid dormant for a period of time.

81 To establish this ground, the court will enquire whether the business has
been abandoned in its entirety, either wilfully or simply due to the inability
to carry on trading for other reasons (see Re Madrid and Valencia Railway Co
(1850) 19 LJ Ch 260). Consequently, there is no suspension of business when
the cessation of business activities can be satisfactorily explained on other
grounds, such as, for example, that the company does very little business in
the winter months (Re Tomlin Patent Horse Shoe Co Ltd (1886) 55 LT 314), or
that trade in the area of operation is depressed and the directors are waiting
for better times (Re Middlesborough).

82 From the abovementioned, a common thread running through the cases is that
the petition will generally be dismissed if the majority of shareholders are
opposed to winding up and the company’s inactivity can be explained (Re
Metropolitan Railway Warehousing Co Ltd (1867) 36 LJ Ch 227). This ground for
winding up is designed primarily to provide shareholders with a means of
recovering their investment from a company which fails to engage in its
intended business (McPherson & Keay at p 253).

83 Applying the principles above to the present facts, it is not disputed that
HTLI has suspended its business for over a year, since the Share Sale was
completed on 7 September 2020. HTLI no longer carries on any investment
holding activities and remains an empty shell with only cash assets. However,
as mentioned above at [73], the commercial plans for HTLI had been submitted
to the court in a sealed affidavit where the Shareholders expressed their
intention to carry on business in HTLI in some form and are opposed to the
winding up of the company. This alone would suffice to dispose of this ground.
Further, the inactivity of HTLI can also be explained on the basis that it was
placed in judicial management for the past few years (since 13 July 2020), 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

SWS at para 7.

and the company was waiting to be rehabilitated into a solvent state. There
was no intention to abandon the business entirely and the Shareholders have
indicated that they have commercial intentions for HTLI once they regain
control. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

SWS at para 8.

Hence, this ground of winding up is also not made out.

The conduct of the Shareholders

84 Nonetheless, the conduct of the Shareholders is of some concern. Looking at
the chronology of events, there is some indication that they are attempting to
reverse the Share Sale.

85 After the Share Sale was completed on 7 September 2020, Yihua and Ideal
Homes filed an application challenging the judicial managers’ decision to
proceed with the Share Sale to Golden Hill under s 227R of the Companies Act
in HC/SUM 3963/2020 on 14 September 2020. An order was sought to set aside the
sale to Golden Hill and to direct the judicial managers to accept an offer
from Man Wah instead (the preferred buyer of the Shareholders). I gave my
decision in HTL International (HC) on 24 November 2020 and held that the
judicial managers’ decision to prefer a sale to Golden Hill instead of Man Wah
was in the interests of the creditors and shareholders as a whole and that
fair consideration was given to both offers (at [47] and [83]). The Share Sale
was not set aside. Yihua and Ideal Homes then appealed the decision, but the
Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal on 8 September 2020 in an ex tempore
judgment as the Shareholders failed to show that the judicial managers had
erred in concluding that Golden Hill’s offer would yield higher shareholder
returns than Man Wah’s offer (HTL International (CA) at [20]–[24]). Clearly,
what can be observed was that the Shareholders were discontented with the
Share Sale to Golden Hill and wanted to unwind it.

86 In parallel with these Singapore proceedings, the PRC Suits were commenced
to hedge against any decision made by the judicial managers with regard to the
Share Sale. On 28 May 2020, the then interim-judicial managers of HTLI (later
appointed as the judicial managers) had already executed a sale and purchase
agreement to sell the shares in the subsidiaries of the HTL Group to Golden
Hill. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

1-TWC at para 20.

Subsequently, on the exact same day that the judicial management order was
made on 13 July 2020, Yihua had commenced PRC Suit 534 against Mr Phua YT,
Phua YP and HTLI, and sought a monetary claim amounting to RMB99,480,100 for
the alleged mismanagement of factories in the PRC that were owned by Yihua. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

JMWS at para 17.

A few weeks later on 30 July 2020, PRC Suit 635 was then initiated against HTL
Capital and HTLI was joined as a third party. It was alleged that HTL Capital
had colluded with HTLI and caused HTLI to transfer its shares in the
subsidiaries at a low price to HTL Capital so that HTLI would be able to evade
repayment of purported debts due to Yihua (ie, the subject of PRC Suit 534 or
the RMB99,480,100). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

JMWS at para 18.

Yihua was able to obtain a freezing order against the shares of some of the
subsidiaries of the HTLI Group being held by HTL Capital. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

JMWS at para 20.

Thus, as long as PRC Suit 635 remains, there is the possibility of the frozen
shares being sold to a third party to fulfil the monetary debt of
RMB99,480,100. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

JMWS at para 115.

This was a basis by which Yihua and Ideal Homes could nullify the Share Sale.

87 The contingent debt of RMB99,480,100 would materialise immediately should
the judicial managers return HTLI to the Shareholders, who could then simply
cause HTLI to consent to judgment in the PRC Suits. Yihua can then enforce the
judgment against the frozen shares and undermine the Share Sale. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

JMWS at para 117.

There is some evidence that this might occur.

88 First, a proposal was made by the judicial managers to resolve matters
between all parties by giving effect to the claims made by Yihua in the PRC
Suits whilst allaying the concerns that the Share Sale would be undermined.
Part of the proposal envisaged the settlement of the PRC proceedings and
provided that HTLI would pay the sum of RMB99,480,100 plus costs to Yihua (ie.
the exact sum which Yihua is seeking) in full and final settlement of any
claims which Yihua may have against HTLI. In exchange, Yihua will do the
necessary to discontinue or withdraw the PRC Suits together with the freezing
order and HTLI will be returned to the Shareholders. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

SWS at para 27; PYTWS at para 19.

That would have resolved the entire matter. However, this proposal was
rejected by Yihua on the basis that liability should be apportioned by the PRC
court and HTLI should not bear the entire liability as Mr Phua YT and Mr Phua
YP were also defendants in PRC Suit 534. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

SWS at para 30–31; PYTWS at para 23.

However, it is not immediately clear why apportionment is necessary if the
liability between the defendants in PRC Suit 534 was joint and several, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

JMWS at para 147.

and the inference is that Yihua wanted to keep the PRC Suits alive to
jeopardise the Share Sale. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

JMWS at para 151.

Nevertheless, this fact alone is not suspicious but becomes so when considered
with the other evidence.

89 Second, Yihua’s own PRC lawyers confirmed in a legal opinion to Yihua dated
5 February 2022 that PRC Suit 635 was commenced with a view to undermining the
Share Sale. The relevant portion of the legal opinion is as follows: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1st Affidavit of Sim Ling Renee at p 47.

… therefore the Company are and will be applying to the PRC Courts for
declarations and judgments that such Equity Transfers are void and invalid; or
that it was unlawful for the various Administrations for Market Regulation to
approve the industrial and commercial registration of such Equity Transfers
and thereby the Company shall be seeking redress for the losses and damages.

In fact, the Company has begun one such legal proceedings in an action for
claims for loss and damage at the Guangdong Provincial Shantou Intermediate
People’s Court (Case No. (2020) Guangdong 05 Civil First No. 635). …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

It seems that Yihua is attempting to obtain an order from the PRC court to
invalidate the transfer of shares of the subsidiaries from HTLI to HTL
Capital. Yihua’s own lawyers have stated on affidavit that PRC Suit 635 was
initiated to invalidate the entire equity transfer which was pivotal for the
Share Sale and internal restructuring. There could other be future actions
initiated in the PRC as well.

90 Third, although the judicial managers and Mr Phua YT have asserted in their
respective affidavits that the Shareholders will cause HTLI to admit to the
claims in the PRC Suits once the company is returned (which will jeopardise
the Share Sale), the Shareholders have yet to unequivocally deny this adverse
assertion. Only cryptic and non-committal responses have been given: “In the
scenario raised by Mr Phua YT at [19(d)] of [his] Affidavit [ie, Yihua
procuring HTLI to concede to the claim in PRC Suit 635], the Company is also
likely to face repercussions if it admits to the claim brought in PRC Suit
635. As the sole shareholder of the Company, the Shareholder will not
undermine its own interests.” 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

2nd Affidavit of Sim Ling Renee at p 10–11.

The statement is vague and there is no outright denial that Yihua will not
procure HTLI to concede to the PRC Suits. All that can be seen is that legal
recourse may be continued: “As the stakeholders of the Company, the
Shareholders have a right to avail themselves to any legal recourse that is an
option for them.” 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

6th Affidavit of Mr Liu Zhuangchao at para 16.

91 Looking at the entire circumstances, the inference is that the Shareholders
are trying to frustrate the corporate rescue by the judicial managers. As the
judicial managers have chosen to sell HTLI’s assets to a party which Yihua and
Ideal Homes did not support (ie, Golden Hill instead of Man Wah), it appears
that the PRC proceedings were pursued rigorously to undermine this.

92 There is a logical sequence of events. The Shareholders had invoked the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts to challenge the judicial managers’
decision to sell the assets in the subsidiaries to Golden Hill and tried to
unwind the Share Sale, but had failed to do so. Yihua also sought to invoke
the jurisdiction of the PRC courts in parallel to mount a collateral attack on
the Share Sale and had already obtained a freezing order against some of the
PRC subsidiaries. While I would not go so far as to suggest that the
Shareholders would definitely cause HTLI to consent to the claims in the PRC
Suits (should HTLI be returned to them instead of being wound up), there is to
my mind, a real risk of this happening.

93 Hence, some protection of the corporate restructuring should be effected so
that the work done by the judicial managers in rehabilitating the company is
not undermined and there is no invalidation of the Share Sale. I turn now to
determine the appropriate order in this case.

Protection of the restructuring

94 Winding up HTLI would not be appropriate here. In the present case, even if
the statutory grounds for winding up are made out (contrary to the analysis
above at [55]–[83]), I would be loath to compulsorily wind up a company that
had been rehabilitated to solvency, albeit not trading, and where the sole
shareholder wanted to continue business in some form.

95 Even where the statutory grounds have technically been established, the
court retains the residual discretion to consider whether, having regard to
all relevant factors including the utility and effect of the winding-up order
and the overall fairness, the company concerned should be wound up (Lai Shit
Har and another v Lau Yu Man [2008] 4 SLR(R) 348 at [33]; Perennial at [82];
Douglas Foo at [59]). This stems from the language of s 125(1) of the IRDA as
the “use of the word ‘may’ instead of ‘shall’ indicates a discretionary power
in the court to order a winding up” (BNP Paribas v Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 949 at [5]). This discretion had been exercised in Seah Chee
Wan v Connectus Group Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 228 at [111], where it was held,
inter alia, that there was an ongoing business and the company was taking
steps to remedy its cashflow issues (despite being found unable to pay its
debts which had fallen due to a creditor).

96 Instead of winding up, the real complaint in the present case is the need
to protect the restructuring so that it is not nullified. There are
substantial consequences on the restructuring regime if that protection is not
given. Credibility in the restructuring would be lost and Golden Hill would
suffer prejudice as the white knight investor. Where the judicial managers
have implemented the aims of judicial management, those aims should not be
compromised.

97 The judicial managers have already spent significant time trying to
rehabilitate HTLI to solvency and carefully assessed the competing offers by
Golden Hill and Man Wah in conducting the Share Sale. Allowing the
Shareholders to undermine the Share Sale will undo all of the work done thus
far, resulting in further protraction of matters between the parties even
after the discharge of judicial management. There would be a substantial waste
of time and resources. The proper arrangements must be put in place to ensure
that what the judicial managers have done to achieve the objectives of
judicial management for HTLI is not rendered nugatory.

98 Confidence in the court process will also be eroded. Having failed in their
attempts to set aside the Share Sale twice in HTL International (HC) and HTL
International (CA), the Shareholders should not be allowed to undermine the
Singapore court processes which they themselves had invoked by pushing forward
in the PRC Suits. That would be a backdoor attempt at obtaining what the
Shareholders had failed to accomplish in the Singapore proceedings and getting
an illegitimate second bite of the cherry. Moreover, it would amount to a
collateral attack on the judgments rendered in Singapore which, in effect,
approved the Share Sale to Golden Hill.

99 One possible response that comes to mind is an injunction of some sort
against the Shareholders to prevent them from pursuing anywhere any action or
causing anything to happen that would unwind the corporate rescue. This does
not offend the demands of the winding-up regime and most directly serves the
identified interest at risk, namely, the protection of the rescue. However,
the judicial managers have not argued on this basis, nor have the Shareholders
had the opportunity to respond to any such application. It may be that the
requirements for an injunction cannot be made out on the facts.

100 Nonetheless, as I have assessed that there is a real risk of the rescue
being negated, and the objective of the judicial management being undermined,
what I am able to do at the moment is to extend the judicial management by six
months or other order of court, to allow the judicial manager to consider what
appropriate application may be made to protect that rescue, with the judicial
managers and the advisors continuing to be entitled to such compensation out
of the company for their work.

Conclusion

101 I had previously granted an extension of the judicial management order
(HC/ORC 3852/2020) until the present winding-up application is finally
determined. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Order of Court No 276 of 2022 dated 18 January 2022 in HC/OS 425/2020.

However, for the reasons mentioned above, the judicial management should
continue for another six months and the winding-up application is dismissed as
the grounds are not made out.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
  
---  
  
Pillai Pradeep G, Lin Shuling Joycelyn, Wong Shi Rui Jonas (PRP Law LLC) for
the plaintiffs;

The defendant unrepresented;

Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Jordan Tan and Victor Leong (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed), Cheng Wai Yuen Mark, Chew Xiang, Ho Zi Wei and Tan Tian Hui
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first and fourth non-parties;

Henry Heng, Charmaine Ong and Charanpreet Kaur (Legal Solutions LLC) for the
second and third non-parties.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Jun 2022 (14:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

