Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 165

Originating Application No 64 of 2022

Between

(1)| Goh Kar Tuck (Wu Jiada)  
---|---  
(2)| Teh Yiok Moi  
  
… Claimants

And

| Samuel Koh  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract — Remedies — Specific Performance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Goh Kar Tuck (alias Wu Jiada) and another

  
v

  

Koh Samuel

[2022] SGHC 165

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 64 of 2022  
Audrey Lim J  
8 July 2022

14 July 2022

Audrey Lim J

1 The claimants in this application (the “Application”) are husband and wife.
They sought specific performance for the sale of a condominium unit located at
57 Choa Chu Kang Loop (“the Property”), pursuant to an option to purchase
(“the Option”) granted by the defendant. I granted specific performance to the
claimants, and I now give my grounds of decision.

The claimants’ case

2 The claimants’ case was as follows.

3 In or about February or March 2022, the claimants sold their Housing and
Development Board (“HDB”) flat and asked their property agent (“Swan”) to look
for a condominium in the western part of Singapore. After doing their
calculations, the claimants concluded that they were able to afford a three-
bedroom condominium unit that costs around $1m. Upon the recommendation of
Swan, the claimants made an offer for the Property, on about 8 March 2022, of
$1.058m to the defendant through the parties’ respective property agents. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Claimant’s 1st affidavit (“CA”) at [6]–[9]; Claimants’ Written Submissions
(“CWS”) at [3].

4 On or about 10 March 2022, the defendant through his property agent (“Lee”),
confirmed that he was agreeable to the offer of $1.058m. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CA at [10].

Subsequently, Lee prepared the Option which he sent via a WhatsApp message to
the defendant (who was then residing in Myanmar) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s 1st affidavit (“DA”) at [4].

for the defendant’s execution. It was not disputed that on 18 March 2022, a
copy of the Option duly signed by the defendant was sent by him to Lee via
WhatsApp. Lee then forwarded this copy to Swan for the claimants’ purposes. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CA at [14] and pp 46–47; DA at [8].

For completeness, I set out the terms of the Option that are relevant to this
Application: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CA at p 63; Copy of Option filed in e-lit on 8 July 2022.

To: Goh Kar Tuck (Wu Jiada) and Teh Yok Moi (the “Purchaser”)

Re: Property known as 57 Choa Chu Kang Loop … (the “Property”)

(A) IN CONSIDERATION of the sum of … (S$ 10,580) (the “Option Money”) received
by Samuel Koh (the “Vendor”) from the Purchaser via paynow transfer, the
Vendor hereby offers to sell to the Purchaser the Property upon the terms and
conditions set out herein, which offer remains open for acceptance in the
manner hereinafter prescribed until 4.00 p.m. on the 7th day of April 2022.

(B) This Option shall be accepted by the Purchaser by signing at the portion
of this Option marked “Acceptance Copy”, and delivering this Option duly
signed to the Vendor’s solicitors Subra TT Law LLC at …, together with a
cheque for five percent (5%) of the sale price (the “Deposit”) less the Option
Money.

…

(C) If the Purchaser exercises this Option in the prescribed manner, the
Option Money paid by the Purchaser will be credited to the sale price herein.
If the Purchaser does not exercise this Option in the prescribed manner, this
Option will be null and void, and the Option Money will be forfeited to the
Vendor.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

…

(2) The sale price of the Property shall be … (S$ 1,058,000) ...

…

(4) The purchaser agrees to allow the Vendors to continue to stay in the
property until 20th day of August 2022, free of rent or other considerations,
subject to the Vendors paying for the property tax and all other outgoings
incurred by the vendor during the course of stay…

(5) The sale and purchase shall be completed … on 9th day of June 2022 …

[emphasis in original]

5 In exchange for the duly signed Option, and pursuant to Recital A of the
Option, the claimants then transferred the 1% option money of $10,580 (“Option
Money”) to the defendant by PayNow, on 19 March 2022. It was not disputed that
the defendant received the Option Money. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CA at pp 50–52; DA at [7] and p 43.

6 On or about 22 March 2022, Lee informed Swan that the defendant had sent
over the original Option. While the claimants did not receive the original
Option, they instructed their lawyers to proceed with the exercise of the
Option as the defendant had already sent a copy of the Option by a WhatsApp
message on 18 March 2022 (see [4] above) and it was clear to them that “the
[d]efendant was doing everything necessary to issue the Option to [them] and
to close the deal”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CA at [16]–[17] and p 54.

7 On or about 6 April 2022, the claimants’ lawyers proceeded to exercise the
Option by delivering it to the defendant’s lawyers, Subra TT Law LLC (“Subra
Law”) together with a cheque of 5% of the sale price less the Option Money
already paid to the defendant (“Remainder Sum”). However, Subra Law refused to
accept the Option or the Remainder Sum and informed the claimants’ lawyers
that they (Subra Law) had not been appointed nor engaged by the defendant to
act for him in the sale of the Property. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CA at [18]–[19] and pp 59–64.

8 Thus, on 11 April 2022, the claimants’ lawyers issued a letter of demand to
the defendant to instruct Subra Law to proceed to accept the Option and to
complete the sale and purchase of the Property in accordance with the Option.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CA at [20] and p 66.

The parties were unable to resolve the dispute, resulting in the Application
being filed by the claimants.

9 The claimants submitted that it was inequitable for the defendant to renege
on the agreement to sell the Property by preventing them from exercising the
Option. They therefore sought specific performance of the sale and purchase of
the Property as they have to deliver vacant possession of their HDB flat
(which they had sold) by about 14 September 2022. The defendant’s actions left
them in a lurch as they would have no place to stay after 14 September 2022.
Moreover, if there was a delay in obtaining an order for specific performance,
they would have to incur further costs in obtaining alternative accommodation.
As such, time was of the essence. The claimants further attested that they
were ready, willing and able to exercise the Option and complete the purchase
of the Property. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CA at [25]–[27]; CWS at [22] and [24].

The defendant’s case

10 The defendant claimed as follows.

11 He had engaged Lee to market the Property with an initial asking price of
$1.2m. Sometime in March 2022, Lee informed the defendant of an interested
buyer for the Property at $1.058m, lower than the initial asking price. The
defendant told Lee that he needed some time to consider the price and asked
Lee for a valuation before he would decide whether to sell. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DA at [5]–[7].

12 Lee did not inform the defendant that the buyers (the claimants) would
unilaterally transfer the Option Money to him via PayNow. The defendant never
instructed Lee to have the Option Money transferred to him by PayNow nor asked
for the Option Money to be paid immediately, and the Option Money was
transferred to his PayNow account without his knowledge or confirmation. The
defendant’s position is that he had not agreed to accept payment of the Option
Money by PayNow as he wanted to be paid by cheque. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DA at [7].

13 On 16 March 2022, Lee sent the Option (with the stated selling price as
$1.058m) via WhatsApp to the defendant. The defendant signed the Option with
his younger brother as the witness. He signed the Option because Lee had been
pestering him on the matter. He then sent the signed Option to Lee via
WhatsApp on 18 March 2022 (which was then forwarded to Swan 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CA at p 46.

), but he also told Lee that he could not sell the Property at the stated
price as he felt it was grossly unfair to him. In spite of this, the defendant
signed another copy of the Option as the first one that he had signed was not
clear. The defendant’s explanation for this was that Lee had “again resorted
to pushing [him] to re-sign another copy of the [Option]”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DA at [8].

14 The defendant then performed a check of his own and found out that a
similar unit in the same development as the Property (but at a different
block) had been sold for $1.24m in December 2021. As such, the defendant
claimed that Lee had not done his due diligence and had misled the defendant
in respect of the price of the Property. Hence on 31 March 2022, the defendant
decided to call off the sale, and that was also the reason why he did not
instruct Subra Law to act in the sale of the Property. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DA at [9]–[10].

15 The defendant elaborated that he called off the sale of the Property
because: (a) he felt that Lee had taken unfair advantage of him and made him
accept an offer that was detrimental to him as the sale price was below the
current market value; and (b) he has an autistic son who was slowly becoming
accustomed to the Property and surrounding estate and might have difficulty
adjusting to new surroundings if the family had to move from the Property,
thereby impeding his son’s growth. The defendant also claimed that when he
signed the Option whilst still in Myanmar, he was under tremendous pressure
from his work and from the living conditions there. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DA at [10]–[12] and [16].

16 Following his decision to call of the sale, the defendant asked Lee for the
claimants’ details so that he could return the Option Money to them. He
managed to get the claimants’ details on 6 April 2022 from Lee but when he
tried to transfer the Option Money to them, he could not do so. He therefore
claimed that the claimants wanted to frustrate his attempt to return the
Option Money by failing to link their NRIC number to their PayNow account. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DA at [15].

My decision

Liability

17 I start by observing that the Option the defendant signed contained the
essential particulars, namely the buyers’ names, the description of the
Property, the amount of Option Money to be paid, the amount of the Remainder
Sum to be paid and to whom and by when, and the date of completion (see the
clauses reproduced at [4] above). Hence it cannot be said that the Option was
void for uncertainty. Nevertheless, I will deal with the defendant’s
assertions as to how he came to sign the Option and receive the Option Money,
which I find in any event did not cause the Option to be invalid.

18 First, the defendant claimed that he signed the Option because his agent,
Lee, kept pestering him to sell the Property and he wanted to get Lee off his
back (see [13] above). He claimed that when he returned the signed copy of the
Option to Lee (via WhatsApp) on 18 March 2022, he informed Lee that he could
not sell the Property at the stated price in the Option as he felt it was
grossly unfair to him. However, the defendant’s claims were not supported by
the evidence. The WhatsApp messages (which the defendant exhibited) between
him and Lee did not show that he informed Lee that he did not wish to sell the
Property for $1.058m (the stated price in the Option). His claims also flew in
the face of his conduct of signing the Option, getting a witness for the
Option and then returning the Option to Lee, knowing it would be forwarded to
the claimants for them to act on. If the defendant did not wish to sell the
Property at the stated price, he could have just refused to sign the Option.
In this regard, it is material that the defendant did not sign the Option
once, but twice – the second time after he was informed by Lee that the first
signed Option was unclear (see [13] above). There was no reason why he would
re-sign the Option and forward a copy of it to Lee if he had already told Lee
that he did not want to sell the Property at the stated price.

19 Further, contrary to the defendant’s claim that he was sent the Option on
16 March 2022, the WhatsApp chats showed Lee had already sent the defendant a
copy of the Option around 11 March 2022. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DA at [8] and pp 16–17.

This was after the defendant was informed by Lee on 7 March 2022 of an offer
of $1.05m, and then on 8 March 2022 that the offer had been increased to
$1.058m. The defendant was also told by Lee, on 8 March 2022, to think about
the offer. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DA at pp 13–14.

These messages were significant to show the defendant had time to consider the
offer and did in fact do so before he signed the Option.

20 In fact, when the defendant received a copy of the Option on 11 March 2022,
he did not object to the stated price of the Property, but merely informed Lee
that he had difficulty printing out a copy of the Option to sign due to, inter
alia, the electricity power in the city being cut off. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DA at pp 16–19.

Even when he signed the Option on 18 April 2022, the defendant did not mention
any reservations about the price of the Property to Lee. Instead, he only
asked Lee whether there was anything he needed to take note of, whereupon Lee
informed him specifically of the dates of the exercise of the Option and of
completion, to which the defendant merely replied “ok bro”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DA at p 39.

21 Second, the defendant’s claims that: (a) he had not agreed to accept
payment of the Option Money by PayNow but wanted payment by cheque; and (b) he
did not know the claimants would unilaterally transfer the Option Money to him
by PayNow, were contradicted by the documentary evidence. Recital A of the
Option which the defendant signed (and would have read) provided for the
Option Money to be paid by “paynow transfer”. There was also no documentary
evidence (such as WhatsApp messages) to show the defendant had informed Lee
that he wanted to be paid by cheque and that he would not accept PayNow as a
mode of payment of the Option Money.

22 On the contrary, the WhatsApp messages showed that on 19 March 2022, Lee
informed the defendant that the claimants wanted to pay him the Option Money
by PayNow. Lee also asked the defendant to link his PayNow to his NRIC details
by updating his profile on the internet-banking facility, to enable payment to
be effected by PayNow. The defendant did not object but instead replied to
tell Lee to “give [him] a while” as he was unable to verify Lee’s request. The
defendant subsequently sent Lee a screenshot on WhatsApp showing the updated
profile of his POSB bank account that had been linked to his NRIC number. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DA at pp 22, 40–42.

Before me, the defendant confirmed that he linked his NRIC details to his POSB
bank account after being asked by Lee to do so, because he knew it was to
allow the Option Money to be paid through PayNow. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

8 July 2022 Minute Sheet (“Minute Sheet”).

23 I thus find that the defendant had signed the Option and linked his NRIC
details to his POSB bank account because he was agreeable and willing to sell
the Property for $1.058m. By granting the Option to the claimants and for
which the Option Money was paid to the defendant, the defendant had obtained
good and valuable consideration for the Option (see Tai Joon Lan v Yun Ai Chin
and another [1993] 2 SLR(R) 596 (“Tai Joon Lan”) at [13]).

24 The only reason the defendant decided not to complete the transaction was
because he subsequently discovered another property in the same development
had been transacted at a higher price. If the defendant felt that Lee had not
done his due diligence before advising the defendant on whether he was getting
a fair price for the Property (as he claimed) 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DA at [9]–[10].

, then it was for the defendant to pursue Lee on this matter. As for his son’s
condition, this was not something that invalidated the Option.

25 Finally, I add that the claimants have attempted to exercise the Option on
6 April 2022 by delivering a signed copy and the Remaining Sum to Subra Law,
together with a cover letter. There was no dispute that the claimants were
within the timeline for exercising the Option. That Subra Law refused to
accept the exercise of the Option (and Remaining Sum) was due to the
defendant’s default in failing to see through the matter, given his refusal to
instruct Subra Law to act on his behalf. In this regard, two decisions by the
Court of Appeal are instructive.

26 In Tai Joon Lan (at [15]), the Court of Appeal found that if the appellant
had performed her obligation of nominating a firm of solicitors to accept the
notice of exercise of the option and to receive the 10% purchase price (less
what had been paid as option money), the respondents would have duly exercised
the option and there would have arisen a contract for the sale and purchase of
the property between them. It was the appellant who had repudiated the option
and prevented the respondents from exercising it and purchasing the property.
The Court thus treated the delivery of the notice of exercise of the option
and the down-payment (as stipulated in the option) as valid and compelled the
appellant to perform the contract. As such, the Court upheld the trial judge’s
decision granting specific performance, ie, that the appellant should sell and
transfer the property to the respondents. In Tai Joon Lan, the deposit was to
be paid to the vendor’s solicitors which had not yet been named in the option.
The Court of Appeal nevertheless held that this did not invalidate the option
as the vendor had earlier informed the purchasers that she would name the
solicitors but subsequently refused to do so. As in Tai Joon Lan (at [13]),
the claimants here were prevented from duly exercising the option by the
defendant’s omission.

27 In Seng Swee Leng v Wong Chong Weng [2011] SGCA 64, the appellant had
exercised the option validly by delivering the option with the duly executed
acceptance copy and the sum of 5% of the purchase price (less the option fee)
to the vendor’s (respondent’s) solicitors, DSPP Law Corporation (“DSPP”),
named in the option. The Court of Appeal held (at [45]) that although DSPP
then wrote to the appellant’s solicitors stating that they had no authority to
act for the respondent in the sale and purchase of the property, this could
not render the appellant’s exercise of the option, which was in accordance
with its terms, to be invalid. The Court further held that the respondent
should not be allowed to take advantage of his own breach of the option (by
not giving DSPP the requisite authorisation to act as his solicitors in the
sale and purchase of the property) to consequentially question the validity of
the appellant’s exercise of the option. The Court thus granted specific
performance of the contract for the sale and purchase of the property.

28 Likewise in the present case, Subra Law was stated in Recital B of the
Option as the defendant’s lawyers to receive the Remainder Sum and it was the
defendant who had refused to authorise Subra Law to act for him in the sale
and purchase of the Property. The defendant had prevented the claimants from
exercising the Option and completing the sale and purchase of the Property. He
was in breach of his obligation under the Option and cannot be allowed to take
advantage of his own breach.

Remedy

29 Given the above, I then considered whether I should order specific
performance as prayed for by the claimants, or damages in the alternative.

30 Specific performance is a discretionary remedy that will only be ordered
where it is just and equitable to do so. Factors that would affect the court’s
exercise of discretion include whether damages would be an adequate remedy and
whether the person against whom the relief of specific performance is being
sought would suffer substantial hardship (Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor
and others and another appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 at [53]).

31 In the present case, I granted specific performance and ordered that the
defendant should sell and transfer the Property to the claimants.

32 I found that damages would not be an adequate remedy because the Property
was bought for the “personal enjoyment” of the claimants and not as a form of
investment to sell with a view to making a profit (see E C Investment Holding
Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and another (Orion Oil Ltd and another,
interveners) [2011] 2 SLR 232 at [106]; Lim Beng Cheng v Lim Ngee Sing [2016]
1 SLR 524 at [107]). The claimants were purchasing the Property with the
intention of staying in it, having already sold their HDB flat. They had
chosen the Property based on its location and size and their budget (see [3]
above). I accepted that the claimants were ready, able and willing to complete
the sale and purchase of the Property. They demonstrated this by sending a
cheque for the Remainder Sum to Subra Law, the lawyers on record in the
Option, and within the time stipulated in the Option.

33 I also found that the defendant’s reliance on his son’s autism as a reason
to call off the sale and to argue that his family should not be forced to move
out from the Property, which is their home, was insufficient to tilt the
balance in favour of ordering damages in lieu of specific performance. First,
the condition of the defendant’s son was known to him before he even
contemplated selling the Property. The defendant confirmed before me that his
son’s condition was a pre-existing condition and that he had agreed to sell
the Property in spite of it. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Minute Sheet.

34 Second, the defendant never raised his son’s condition as an issue to Lee
during the time leading up to the Option being signed. On the contrary, the
defendant was eager to sell the Property in spite of his son’s condition. This
can be seen from the WhatsApp messages between the defendant and Lee on 1
March 2022 as follows: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DA at p 12.

Defendant: Bro how’s the property selling progress?

It’s been a quite a few months and we didn’t get a good offer right bro?

Lee: Best was 1.07m.

Most of the comment is they need to reno the whole house which is a
significant cost.

Defendant: I see 1.07 also was not bad.

Lee: Ya but over already. I will towards that.

Defendant: Ya bro.

I hope will close the deal soon.

[emphasis added]

35 Third, the defendant had not adduced any evidence to show that his son
would have problems adjusting to a new home or environment should the
defendant’s family have to move from the Property.

36 Given the above, I was satisfied that the defendant had not shown that he
would suffer substantial hardship if specific performance were granted.

Conclusion

37 In the premises, I granted the claimants specific performance and made the
following consequential orders:

(a) The defendant is to appoint lawyers to deal with the sale and purchase of
the Property by 18 July 2022, failing which the claimants will be allowed to
appoint lawyers in this regard.

(b) The claimants are allowed to exercise the Option by 29 July 2022, by
executing and delivering the Option form and a cheque for the Remainder Sum to
the appointed lawyers.

(c) Completion is to take place by 7 September 2022. In this regard, the
defendant shall be allowed to continue to stay at the Property until the
completion date.

(d) The defendant is to execute all necessary documents and take all necessary
steps to complete the transaction and effect the transfer of the Property to
the claimants within the stated timelines, failing which the Registrar of the
Supreme Court is empowered to do so to give effect to the sale and completion
of the Property.

38 I also awarded costs of the Application to the claimants.

Audrey Lim  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Leslie Yeo Choon Hsien and Jolene Tan (Sterling Law Corporation) for the
claimants;

Defendant in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Jul 2022 (17:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

