Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 306

Originating Application No 381 of 2022 (Summons No 4184 of 2022)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Company Limited  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 382 of 2022 (Summons No 4185 of 2022)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 383 of 2022 (Summonses Nos 4186 and 4325 of 2022)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Asia Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 384 of 2022 (Summons No 4187 of 2022)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Australia Pty Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 385 of 2022 (Summons No 4188 of 2022)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

PT Zipmex Exchange Indonesia  
---  
  
… Applicant

BRIEF REMARKS

[Insolvency Law] — [Moratoria]

[Insolvency Law] — [Cross-border insolvency]

[Companies] — [Schemes of arrangement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Zipmex Co Ltd and other matters

[2022] SGHC 306

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 381 of 2022
(Summons No 4184 of 2022), Originating Application No 382 of 2022 (Summons No
4185 of 2022), Originating Application No 383 of 2022 (Summonses Nos 4186 and
4325 of 2022), Originating Application No 384 of 2022 (Summons No 4187 of
2022) and Originating Application No 385 of 2022 (Summons No 4188 of 2022) of
2022  
Aedit Abdullah J  
2 December 2022

6 December 2022

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These brief remarks capture my determination of the application for
extension of time of the moratoria operating in favour of the applicants as
well as some observations about the conduct of the matter. It also records my
concerns about an application for me to approve the creation of a class for
administrative convenience ahead of an application for the Court’s sanction of
a “pre-packaged” scheme of arrangement under s 71 of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2019 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”).

Background

2 The applications were made by companies in the Zipmex Group: Zipmex Asia Pte
Ltd (the group holding company incorporated in Singapore), Zipmex Pte Ltd (a
Singapore subsidiary, “Zipmex Singapore”), Zipmex Company Limited, Zipmex
Australia Pty Ltd (“Zipmex Australia”) and PT Zipmex Exchange Indonesia
(“Zipmex Indonesia”). The group operates a cryptocurrency exchange platform,
which is accessed through an application known as the “Zipmex App”, on which
various cryptocurrencies are traded. The full details of the Zipmex Group’s
operations are outlined in Re Zipmex Co Ltd and other matters [2022] SGHC 196,
which also captured this Court’s decision in granting an extension of a
moratoria operating in favour of the applicants.

Extension of time of moratoria

3 The applicants sought a further extension of time for the moratoria in place
protecting them from proceedings. The principal justification was that the
restructuring was progressing, with a high chance of success, with “pre-
packaged” schemes of arrangement being pursued, and an investor taking shares
through a share subscription agreement in exchange for liquidity injections
into the Zipmex Group. As of the date of the oral hearing, no creditors
expressed objections to the restructuring. The primary effect of the scheme of
arrangement would be the customers being able to access and withdraw
cryptocurrencies previously held in their accounts, in return for waiver and
release of any claims in respect of the assets that they could not access.

4 I was of the view that the settled principles governing extension of
moratoria pointed towards granting the extension as sought and did so. I was
concerned however with transactions relating to Zipmex Indonesia where the
applicants made arrangements to allow the unfreezing of the wallets. For these
wallets operated by Zipmex Indonesia, full functionality was restored. This
was done pursuant to the requirements of the Indonesian regulator. The
fulfilment of regulatory obligations within Indonesia is a matter between the
applicants and the Indonesian authorities, and this Court will have no role to
play. However, it would have been incumbent on Zipmex Indonesia, as well as
the other applicants, to have informed the Court of what was transpiring,
particularly as far as I could see, the unfreezing of the Indonesian wallets
basically meant that the moratorium was no longer needed for Zipmex Indonesia.
The Court should have also been apprised at the time whether there was any
impact on the rest of the applicants, and the Court should have been given the
opportunity to consider the impact on all the moratoria.

5 Not for the first time, and not just for this specific case, the Court does
not seem to feature very prominently in the consideration of those involved. I
would like to underline that those who invoke the Court’s jurisdiction and
powers should be mindful of the need to keep the Court informed, and bring
pertinent matters to the attention of the Court promptly. I have no doubt that
those involved needed to focus on the issues before them and had to contend
with various commercial pressures. But where the Court’s powers, and thus the
State’s powers, have been invoked, the Court should not be overlooked.

Creation of an administrative convenience class

6 The applicants sought in two of the summonses before me, Summonses Nos 4185
and 4187 of 2022 in respect of Zipmex Singapore and Zipmex Australia, to
obtain Court approval of the classification of unsecured customers whose debt
values are less than or equal to US$5,000 (at the despatch date of the pre-
packaged scheme of arrangement) of these two entities as a separate class of
creditors in the envisaged pre-packaged scheme of arrangement to be
subsequently put forward under s 71 of the IRDA. These unsecured customer
creditors are to constitute what is termed an administrative convenience
class; they will not be entitled to vote on the s 71 pre-packaged scheme of
arrangement and will be bound by the terms of the said scheme pursuant to s
71(2) of the IRDA. In turn, several safeguards are proposed to ensure that
their right are not compromised, such as an explanation for their exclusion
and the effect of the proposed pre-packaged scheme of arrangement. This
application is inspired by US law, namely s 1122(b) of the US Bankruptcy Code,
which permits the US Courts to allow the creation of such a class, with the
objective of reducing the burden on the restructuring company by grouping
separately low value creditors. Thus, in the present case, with close to
70,000 customer creditors in all, the creation of the administrative
convenience class will reduce substantially the number of creditors that would
have to be managed in the pre-packaged scheme process and mitigate the
logistical difficulties involved in the voting of the various pre-packaged
schemes of arrangement. While the difficulties in dealing with such a large
number of creditors are indeed clear, I had, however, two concerns with what
the applicants were seeking to do.

7 Firstly, it was not clear what juridical basis existed for the Court to
entertain an application for such an order. The applicant cited the inherent
jurisdiction of the Court, and the general provisions under the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (“SCJA”). I indicated that neither was likely to be a
sufficient basis. What was sought was the approval of the creation of a class
for the purposes of envisaged pre-packaged schemes of arrangement, which are
governed by a framework laid down by the IRDA in s 71. Given that the regime
is statutory, one would have expected that any such application process would
have been laid down expressly by the statute, or at least strongly implied as
a matter of necessity to give effect to that statutory mechanism. In either
case, there was no room for the Court to be given the jurisdiction to
entertain such an application because of its inherent jurisdiction or general
SCJA powers. The one alternative that was at all plausible was a declaratory
order, but that was not feasible, since the applicants would have had to join
all the potentially affected creditors.

8 Secondly, it was also not clear what power existed for the court to make
such an order before an application under s 71 of the IRDA is made. What the
applicants were essentially seeking was a form of pre-application blessing or
approval. The framework laid down in s 71 does not appear to contemplate any
role for the Court before the application is put forward.

9 Given the concerns highlighted by the Court, no order was made as to the
creation of an administrative convenience class at this juncture. I should
emphasise, though, that I am not rejecting the concept of an administrative
convenience class, as such. Should the issue be raised in an application under
s 71, as presently advised, I would not think that the creation of an
administrative convenience class is necessarily antithetical to the statutory
framework, even in the absence of an express provision such as that in the US.
As noted by the applicants, s 1122(b) of the US Bankruptcy Code was a
codification of previous practice. What will be important to my mind in
weighing whether such an administrative convenience class may be properly
adopted in a pre-packaged scheme of arrangement are how the various interests
are balanced, what trade-offs are incurred, and what safeguards are put in
place. I will leave these questions for another day.

Sealing application

10 There was a separate sealing application in Summons No 4325 of 2022 in
respect of an affidavit filed disclosing some commercially sensitive matters
relating to the share subscription agreement involving the investor. Given the
confidentiality required to move the restructuring forward, and the absence of
any apparent prejudice to the creditors, particularly as the document was
disclosed to the Court, I granted the sealing order sought.

Conclusion

11 The applications in relation to the extension of time were accordingly
allowed, with extensions granted until 2 April 2023. No orders were made as to
the prayers seeking the approval of the creation of administrative convenience
class for the purposes of an intended “pre-packaged” scheme of arrangement
under s 71 of the IRDA. I was informed that a super-priority financing
application would likely be made under s 67 of the IRDA. Directions were given
for this to be heard on 21 December, or any other date confirmed by the
Registry.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Tang Yuan Jonathan (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the applicants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Dec 2022 (14:08 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

