Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 174

Suit No 1225 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal No 332 of 2021)

Between

Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Thian Leng Old Folks Home (2013)  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Summary judgment]

[Land — Rent charges]

[Landlord And Tenant — Recovery of Possession]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong

  
v

  

Thian Leng Old Folks Home (2013)

[2022] SGHC 174

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1225 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal
No 332 of 2021)  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
12 January, 17 February, 17 March, 7 June 2022

21 July 2022

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 In this action, the plaintiff sought orders that the defendant deliver up
vacant possession of the plaintiff’s property at 115 Lorong G Telok Kurau (the
“Demised Premises”) and make payment of unpaid rent of S$200,000 due under a
tenancy agreement dated 30 September 2015 between the parties, as well as
double value from 1 October 2020 to the date of judgment. The plaintiff also
sought a declaration that it may dispose of any of the defendant’s belongings
that remain on the Demised Premises upon obtaining vacant possession.

2 In SUM 3491/2021, the plaintiff applied for summary judgment. The assistant
registrar (“AR”) granted the defendant unconditional leave to defend. The
plaintiff then filed an appeal against the AR’s decision: RA 332/2021. After
hearing parties and considering the matter, I allowed RA 332/2021 and set
aside the orders made by the AR. I granted summary judgment to the plaintiff
for vacant possession of the Demised Premises, the unpaid rent, interest on
the unpaid rent at the contractually agreed rate, and double value. I also
granted a declaration that the plaintiff may dispose of any of the defendant’s
belongings that remain on the Demised Premises after vacant possession is
obtained. The defendant has appealed. I now set out the detailed grounds of my
decision.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff is a society that was registered on 10 November 1961. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ricky See Hock Chee’s 2nd Affidavit (“Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit”) at para 6.

It operates a Chinese temple located off Changi Road (the “Temple”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 7.

The plaintiff owns the Demised Premises. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 12.

The plaintiff constructed a nursing home for the elderly on the Demised
Premises (the “Home”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 11.

The Home commenced operations in 1991. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 11.

4 The defendant is a society registered on 18 November 2013 by a former
devotee of the Temple, one Liu Kim Beng (“Liu”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 20(a) and 27.

The defendant managed and operated the Home from around 18 November 2013 till
around 2 June 2020, when the Ministry of Health (“MOH”) ordered that the Home
be shut down (see [20] below). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 21 and 27; Ricky See Hock Chee’s 3rd
Affidavit (“Ricky See’s 3rd Affidavit”) at page 38.

As of the time that I first heard this matter in January 2022, the Home no
longer had any residents and the defendant was not carrying out any business
on the Demised Premises. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 108; Minute Sheet for the hearing on 12
January 2022 at page 1.

The property had been locked up but remained under the defendant’s control. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ricky See’s 3rd Affidavit at para 43; Minute Sheet for the hearing on 12
January 2022 at page 1.

Events leading up to the execution of the Management Agreement

5 The Home was managed and operated by the plaintiff from 1991, when
operations commenced, until around September to October 2012, when the
plaintiff outsourced the management and operation of the Home to an
independent party. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 11 and 13-–14.

This arrangement ceased on 25 February 2013. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 14.

After termination of the independent party’s services, the plaintiff faced
difficulties coping with the management and operation of the Home. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 14.

6 On or before 12 March 2013, Liu, who as earlier mentioned (at [4]) was a
devotee of the Temple, approached the caretaker of the plaintiff, one Ricky
See Hock Chee (“See”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 15.

Liu informed See that he was aware of the plaintiff’s difficulties and
expressed interest in taking over the management and operation of the Home. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 15.

See then conveyed the following to Liu: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 15(a)–(d).

(a) The plaintiff would likely be prepared to hand over the management and
operation of the Home if all existing and future debts, expenses and
liabilities associated with the Home were fully borne by Liu. The existing
debts, expenses and liabilities associated with the Home totalled about
S$80,000 to S$90,000.

(b) The plaintiff would be more inclined to hand over the management and
operation of the Home if Liu were prepared to make monetary contributions to
the plaintiff during the period that he manages and operates the Home. These
contributions were for defraying the cost of operating the Temple, since the
plaintiff could no longer rely on fundraising activities and donations
involving the Home after handing over the management and operation of the
Home. In this regard, See suggested a sum of S$5,000 per month.

7 See claimed that, in exchange for the right to manage and operate the Home
and the right to retain all revenue generated and/or received through such
efforts, Liu proposed to fully bear all existing and future debts, expenses
and liabilities associated with the Home and make payment of S$5,000 per month
for the duration that he manages and operates the Home. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 15(e).

According to See, Liu also offered to make a lump sum payment of about
S$60,000 to S$70,000 to the creditors of the plaintiff (the “Lump Sum
Payment”) if his proposal was accepted. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 15(e).

Liu’s version of events was largely consistent with See’s account even though,
in his affidavit, he made a broad statement that the relevant paragraphs of
See’s affidavit “are lies”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Liu Kim Beng’s 1st Affidavit at para 8(1).

According to Liu, he understood from See that the plaintiff needed about
S$80,000 to meet its liabilities at the time of the meeting. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Liu Kim Beng’s 1st Affidavit at para 7.

Liu also stated that he “lent” a sum of S$70,000 to the plaintiff, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Liu Kim Beng’s 1st Affidavit at para 8(1).

which quantum is consistent with the proposal that See said Liu had made,
although the stated reasons for the transfer of S$70,000 appear to be
different.

8 Subsequently, on 12 March 2013, the plaintiff’s management committee
convened a meeting. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 18.

See conveyed Liu’s proposal. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 50.

The committee then resolved that Liu’s proposal be accepted by the plaintiff
and a written agreement be executed to formalise the arrangement. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 18(b) and page 50.

According to See, Liu took over the management and operation of the Home on or
about 18 March 2013, even before any written agreement was executed. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 21–22.

Liu also made the Lump Sum Payment that same day. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 21 and page 62.

9 On 19 April 2013, Liu and a number of the plaintiff’s representatives
executed the written agreement to formalise the arrangement for Liu to manage
and operate the Home (the “Management Agreement”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 24 and page 66.

The Management Agreement provided: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 66.

It is hereby dated on 12 March 2013 that we the Management Committee of Thian
Leng Chong Toh Tong [ie, the plaintiff] appoint you, Mr Liu Kim Beng …,
chairman of an Independent organization party and your team to manage Thian
Leng Old Folks Home [ie, the Home] … as a Committee to continue its operation
independently … for 5 years with our following terms and conditions.

[emphasis in original omitted]

10 A set of rules and regulations was agreed pursuant to the Management
Agreement. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 67.

Rules 2 and 3 reflect what See conveyed to Liu at the meeting (see [6] above).
Rule 2 provided as follows: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 70.

Thian Leng Old Folks Home [ie, the Home], a subsidiary of Thian Leng Chong Toh
Tong [ie, the plaintiff], situated at 115 Lorong G, Telok Kurau, Singapore
426317 [ie, the Demised Premises] has all along been registered as an integral
part of Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong (parent body), a Chinese temple situated at
472 Changi Road, Singapore 419890. Due to funding assistance requested by the
Home to the government authority concerned and as a pre-requisite, a separate
and independent managing team for the Home has been advised.

11 Rule 3 provided as follows: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 70.

Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong (Chinese Temple), the parent body, has now agreed to
allow its Home known as Thian Leng Old Folks Home to henceforth operate
independently with a set of new rules and regulations and under a separate
management team known as Thian Leng Old Folks Home (2013) [ie, the defendant]
without any interference from them. In addition to this, Thian Leng Chong Toh
Tong (parent body) has also indicated that they would appreciate if the new
Thian Leng Old Folks Home (2013) could donate to them a monthly sum of money
to help them defray their cost of running their temple now that they cannot
rely on the Home for assisting them in the fund raising projects. Furthermore,
they are not charging the management team for use of the building which is
owned by them as an Old Folks Home.

Events leading up to the execution of the Tenancy Agreement

12 According to See, Liu managed and operated the Home independently of the
plaintiff from around 18 March 2013 to around 18 November 2013. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 27.

On 18 November 2013, the defendant was brought into existence and registered
as a society. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 27 and page 38.

See claimed that the Home was then managed and operated by the defendant,
under Liu’s direction. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 28.

This was largely consistent with the pleaded defence, which stated that in the
period of March 2013 to July 2015, Liu “reorganized/streamlined/upgraded the
operations of [the Home]”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defence at 2(iv)–(v).

13 Sometime in July 2015, Liu verbally proposed to the plaintiff that a new
written agreement be executed to replace the Management Agreement. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 29.

Under this proposed new agreement, the Home would still be managed and
operated independently without the plaintiff’s involvement; the key difference
was that the defendant, rather than Liu, would be party to the agreement. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 29.

The plaintiff agreed. Subsequently, a written agreement dated 9 August 2015
was executed by the plaintiff and the defendant (the “Separation Agreement”).
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 30 and page 76.

14 The Separation Agreement provided as follows: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 76.

... it has been agreed by the parties hereto that fresh arrangements should be
made for the order and good management comprised in Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong
by the separation of Thian Leng Old Folks Home (2013) fromThian [sic] Leng
Chong Toh Tong upon which Thian Leng Old Folks Home (2013) shall become an
independent entity and society separate from and independent of Thian Leng
Chong Toh Tong and so recognised by Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong …

15 The Separation Agreement also alluded to entry into a tenancy agreement.
Article IV of the Separation Agreement provided as follows: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 77.

With regard to the agreed separation herein-mentioned, all assets listed in
the inventory, being assets of Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong, as per the addendum
herein shall form part of the furnishing, furniture and equipment which serve
as inventory to be part of the tenancy obligation on the part of the Landlord,
Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong. Upon the tenancy expiration, Thian Leng Old Folks
Home (2013) shall return the same to Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong less wear and
tear or write-off.

16 On 30 September 2015, the plaintiff and the defendant executed a tenancy
agreement under which the Demised Premises would be leased to the defendant
for a period of 60 months from 1 October 2015 to 30 September 2020 (the
“Tenancy Agreement”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 32 and page 80.

17 I now set out the key terms of the Tenancy Agreement. Clause 1 provided: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 80.

The Landlord agrees to let and the Tenant agrees to take all that premises
known as 115 Lorong G Telok Kurau, Singapore 426317 (hereinafter called “the
premises”) [ie, the Demised Premises] for a period of Sixty (60) months
commencing from the 1st day of October 2015 and (expiring on 30th day of
September 2020), the Tenant paying therefor to the Landlord the sum of
Singapore Dollars Five Thousand Only (S$5,000.00) per month.

[emphasis in original omitted]

18 Clause 2(1) provided: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 80.

The Tenant HEREBY COVENANTS with the Landlord as follows: -

(1) To pay the said rent at the times and in the manner aforesaid without any
deduction whatsoever whether for alleged breach of Landlord’s covenant or
otherwise and not to seek to exercise any right or claim to withhold rent or
right or claim to any legal or equitable set-off.

19 Clause 9 provided: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 83.

The Tenant shall be entitled to take a further tenancy of the premises for a
further period of sixty (60) months each from the expiration of the term
hereby granted and if the Tenant shall have fully performed and observed the
covenants terms and conditions herein contained up to the expiry of the term
hereby created then the Landlord will let the premises to the Tenant for 2
further terms of 5 years each and at the same rent and on the same terms and
conditions as are provided in this Agreement.

Termination of the Tenancy Agreement

20 On 2 June 2020, MOH revoked the defendant’s licence to manage and operate
the Home due to the defendant’s persistent licensing related non-compliances.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ricky See’s 3rd Affidavit at page 38.

The licence revocation was reported in the media on 3 August 2020. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 35.

This brought the matter to the attention of the plaintiff’s management
committee. It then called for a meeting with Liu. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 36–37.

At the meeting, Liu informed the plaintiff’s management committee of the
licence revocation, and that the defendant was unable to make rental payments
because it was in financial distress. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 37.

Liu requested for time to consult other members of the defendant’s senior
management on the outstanding rental arrears and fixed a date for a subsequent
meeting. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 37(d).

However, he failed to show up at the second meeting. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 38.

Thereafter, the plaintiff consulted its then solicitors, Sng & Company. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 39.

By way of a letter dated 10 September 2020, Sng & Company wrote to the
defendant to notify it that the Tenancy Agreement would not be renewed under
clause 9 given the defendant’s breaches, which included its failure to make
rental payments that had fallen due. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 39(a) and pages 97–99.

The letter also stated that the Tenancy Agreement would be terminated on 30
September 2020, this being the last day of the tenancy period (see above at
[16]). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 39(b).

21 It transpired that, in the same period, the defendant had issued a letter
dated 9 September 2020 to the plaintiff, which the plaintiff received only on
10 or 11 September 2020. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 40–41 and page 100.

The two letters crossed each other. In its letter, the defendant sought to
invoke clause 9 of the Tenancy Agreement to renew the tenancy. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 40.

In response, Sng & Company wrote by way of a letter dated 11 September 2020 to
object to renewal of the tenancy and to reiterate the plaintiff’s position set
out in its earlier letter. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 41 and page 101.

22 By way of a letter dated 29 September 2020, the defendant’s solicitors,
Seah & Co, wrote to Sng & Company to deny that the defendant had committed
breaches of the Tenancy Agreement. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 42 and page 102.

In this letter, the defendant contended that the plaintiff was indebted to Liu
and the defendant in the sum of S$852,622.58, and that “it was agreed” that
the monthly rental payments due under the Tenancy Agreement would be set-off
against the debt. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 42 and page 102.

23 The plaintiff’s new solicitors, Tan Kok Quan Partnership (“TKQP”),
responded by way of a letter dated 11 November 2020, demanding that the
defendant provide particulars of the alleged debt. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 43 and pages 103–104.

TKQP also demanded that the defendant deliver vacant possession of the Demised
Premises. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 43 and page 103.

Seah & Co did not respond, nor did the defendant deliver vacant possession or
make any payment of the alleged rental arrears. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 45.

The plaintiff thus commenced the present action.

The parties’ cases

24 The plaintiff’s claim was premised on the Tenancy Agreement, as earlier
mentioned (at [16] above), which was dated 30 September 2015. The plaintiff
sought unpaid rent due under the Tenancy Agreement. Clause 1 of the Tenancy
Agreement (see [17] above) provided that the defendant was to pay rent of
S$5,000 a month for a five-year term from 1 October 2015 to 30 September 2020.
The plaintiff alleged that, of the rent due over the five-year term totalling
S$300,000, only S$100,000 in total was sporadically paid over the five years.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 7; Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit
at para 33.

The plaintiff thus sought the unpaid balance of S$200,000, along with interest
on the unpaid rent and double value. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Statement of Claim at para 15(2)–(5); Summons under O 14, prayer 1c.

The plaintiff also sought vacant possession of the Demised Premises. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Statement of Claim at para 15(1).

Clause 9 of the Tenancy Agreement (see [19] above) provided that the defendant
would have had an option to renew the tenancy only if it “fully performed” the
terms of the Tenancy Agreement. According to the plaintiff, by reason of the
clear breach of the defendant’s obligations to pay rent, the defendant was not
entitled to renew the tenancy on its expiration on 30 September 2020. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PWS at paras 6–7.

25 The defendant denied that it was in breach of the Tenancy Agreement for
failing to pay rent that was due. The defendant claimed that there was an oral
set-off agreement concluded on 9 August 2015 (the “Set-Off Agreement”), under
which the rent owed would have been fully set-off against loans made to the
plaintiff by Liu. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defence at para 2(viii).

These loans totalling S$852,622.58 were allegedly made from March 2013 to July
2015. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defence at para 2(iv).

I pause here to note that the Set-Off Agreement was pleaded to have been
concluded on 9 August 2015, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defence at para 2(viii).

but the defendant later changed its position in an affidavit filed to resist
the summary judgment application, and claimed that the agreement was actually
concluded on or about 30 September 2015, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Liu Kim Beng’s 1st Affidavit at para 9(2).

which also happens to be the date on which the Tenancy Agreement was entered
into (see above at [16]). However, the defendant did not amend its defence
despite having been granted leave by the AR to do so (see [42] below). At the
first hearing of the registrar’s appeal on 12 January 2022, I reminded counsel
for the defendant that his defence had not yet been amended. Counsel
acknowledged this but still did not file an amended defence. As of the date I
granted summary judgment, there had been no explanation by counsel for
defendant as to why the defence had not been amended.

Whether there were triable issues

26 O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) provides
that, “[w]here a statement of claim has been served on a defendant and that
defendant has served a defence to the statement of claim, the plaintiff may,
on the ground that that defendant has no defence to a claim included in the
writ, or to a particular part of such a claim, or has no defence to such a
claim or part except as to the amount of any damages claimed, apply to the
Court for judgment against that defendant”.

27 Once a plaintiff demonstrates a prima facie case for summary judgment, the
tactical burden shifts to the defendant, in order to obtain leave to defend,
to establish that there is a fair or reasonable probability that he has a real
or bona fide defence: Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management &
Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 at [43]–[45]. Leave to defend
will not be granted based upon “mere assertions” of a defence; instead, the
court will look at the whole situation critically to examine whether the
defence is credible: Republic Airconditioning (S) Pte Ltd v Shinsung Eng Co
Ltd (Singapore Branch) [2012] 2 SLR 601 at [10].

28 The Tenancy Agreement made clear that the defendant was liable to pay rent
(pursuant to clause 1), that the tenancy expired on 30 September 2020
(pursuant to clause 1), and that the defendant was entitled to renew the
tenancy only if it fully performed the terms of the agreement (pursuant to
clause 9), which terms included the defendant’s obligation to duly make rental
payments. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at pages 80 and 83.

The defendant did not deny that it had not made payments in accordance with
its obligations under the Tenancy Agreement. The defendant contended, however,
that the rent due had been set-off against the loans allegedly made by Liu to
the plaintiff pursuant to the alleged Set-Off Agreement. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defence at para 2(iv)–(viii).

In view of the foregoing, I was satisfied that the plaintiff had established a
prima facie case for summary judgment in respect of the unpaid rent and vacant
possession of the Demised Premises.

29 The burden then shifted to the defendant to establish a fair or reasonable
probability that it had a real or bona fide defence. In respect of the defence
raised, two main issues arose for determination:

(a) whether there was a triable issue as to the loans allegedly made by Liu to
the plaintiff; and

(b) if (a) was answered in the affirmative, whether there was a triable issue
as to the Set-Off Agreement allegedly concluded between the plaintiff, the
defendant and Liu.

Whether there was a triable issue as to the alleged loans

30 The defendant claimed that, from March 2013 to July 2015, Liu had advanced
loans totalling S$852,622.58 to the plaintiff (see [25] above). The plaintiff
denied that such loans were ever made to it. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Reply to Defence at para 7.

It should be noted that, even if I were to accept that there was a triable
issue that loans were made by Liu to the plaintiff, it did not immediately
follow that such loans made by Liu should have had any impact on the
defendant’s payment obligations under the Tenancy Agreement. The defendant
would also have had to show that it was arguably relieved of its obligations
to pay rent because of the alleged Set-Off Agreement. With that observation
out of the way, I now set out my assessment of the evidence as to the alleged
loans made by Liu to the plaintiff.

31 In support of its position in relation to the alleged loans, the defendant
relied on bank slips and bank statements showing transfers of sums totalling
S$852,657.05 (which is in slight excess of the alleged loan amount of
S$852,622.58) from Liu to UOB 3613023567 (the “UOB Account”) and OCBC
686120890001 (the “OCBC Account”) (collectively, the “Bank Accounts”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defence at Annex B; Liu Kim Beng’s 1st Affidavit at pages 9–161.

However, a review of the documentary evidence makes it quite clear that, at
the material times when the moneys were transferred into them, these Bank
Accounts belonged to the defendant, or at least were controlled by the
defendant and/or its representatives.

32 The key documents and their significance are as follows:

(a) According to the respective bank statements, the UOB Account belongs to
“Thian Leng Old Folks Home”, and the OCBC Account belongs to “Thian Leng Old
Folks Home (2013)”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Liu Kim Beng’s 1st Affidavit at pages 11 and 54.

These are references to the defendant rather than the plaintiff.

(b) It was not disputed that the defendant’s representatives are the
signatories for the OCBC Account. For instance, payment from the OCBC Account
was made by way of cheque on 24 March 2016, and the cheque bore a signature
that matches Liu’s signature. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 95 and page 86.

Liu was the defendant’s chairman at the relevant time, as reflected in the
annual return filed by the defendant with the Registry of Societies. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 276.

(c) The defendant’s representatives became the signatories for the UOB Account
shortly after Liu was granted the right to manage the Home pursuant to the
Management Agreement, which was executed on 19 April 2013. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 66.

Liu, along with other representatives of the defendant, was an approved
signatory for the UOB Account from 2 May 2013 onwards. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See Raymond’s 3rd Affidavit at pages 11–13.

The defendant relied on a copy of a UOB approved signatory update form, which
was missing the date of the form, to show that the plaintiff’s committee
members were the approved signatories for the UOB Account. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Liu Kim Beng’s 2nd Affidavit at para 6 and page 6.

However, this was a blatant attempt to mislead the court. The plaintiff
obtained a copy of the actual document from UOB showing that the form was
dated 8 March 2013, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See Raymond’s 3rd Affidavit at pages 7–9.

which was before the Management Agreement was executed on 19 April 2013. In
other words, the UOB Account was handed over to the defendant for its control
after the Management Agreement had been signed. This was entirely consistent
with the fact that it was the defendant who was responsible for funding the
operations of the Home after the Management Agreement took effect, and it was
Liu who was providing the defendant with the funds to do so in the form of
loans to the defendant, not the plaintiff.

(d) I should also add that, from the time Liu took control of the Home from
the plaintiff up to when the defendant was registered as a society, ie 18
November 2013, there is no dispute that Liu was using the moneys in the Bank
Accounts to manage and operate the Home.

(e) The defendant’s unaudited financial statements for the period of March
2013 to March 2014 recorded the standing balances in an account labelled “UOB
Bank”, and those standing balances recorded matched the balances (at the start
of each month) in the UOB Account. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at para 97 and pages 175–205.

33 The defendant made some attempts to argue that these loans which, based on
the documents, were made to the defendant, were actually loans that were made
to the plaintiff. On its account of events, the Home was always a part of the
plaintiff and became separate, through the registration of the defendant as a
society, only after parties entered into the Separation Agreement on 9 August
2015. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 2; Minute Sheet for the hearing on 17
February 2022 at page 2.

To show this, the defendant relied on Article II of the Separation Agreement,
which provided that “Thian Leng Old Folks Home (2013) [ie, the defendant]
shall cease to be part or related to Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong [ie, the
plaintiff] on the 9th day of August, 2015 …”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 77.

The defendant argued that loans made by Liu from March 2013 to July 2015 were
thus actually loans to the plaintiff.

34 However, the position taken by the defendant was entirely inconsistent with
the contemporaneous documents. The documents show that the Home was separately
managed even before August 2015:

(a) Rule 3 of the Management Agreement (executed on 19 April 2013) provided
that “Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong (Chinese Temple), the parent body, has now
agreed to allow its Home known as Thian Leng Old Folks Home to henceforth
operate independently … under a separate management team known as Thian Leng
Old Folks Home (2013) without any interference from them”. Rule 3 also
provided that “Thian Leng Chong Toh Tong (parent body) … would appreciate if
the new Thian Leng Old Folks Home (2013) could donate to them a monthly sum …
now that they cannot rely on the Home for assisting them in the fund raising
projects”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 70.

This showed that the plaintiff was not entitled to any income or moneys that
the defendant received, including any loans made by Liu to the defendant. This
was, of course, entirely sensible. After all, the defendant was managing the
Home pursuant to the Management Agreement, and it was entitled to the income
(in the form of grants, donations, fees, etc) generated by the Home’s
operations because the defendant was funding the Home’s operations.

(b) The defendant’s audited financial statements for the period of 1 April
2014 to 31 March 2015 showed that the defendant received MOH grants totalling
S$175,065 in 2014. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 240.

The defendant itself took the position that MOH would only provide such grants
if the Home was managed and operated separately from the plaintiff. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defence at para 2(vi).

The fact that MOH grants were received prior to August 2015 indicated quite
clearly that the Home was indeed separately managed and operated. In other
words, the plaintiff was no longer managing and operating the Home because it
had been handed over to the defendant since sometime in March 2013.

35 Further, the evidence made it clear that the defendant itself treated the
sums advanced by Liu as moneys owed by the defendant to Liu, rather than by
the plaintiff. The defendant’s audited financial statements for the financial
years ending on 31 March 2014, 2015 and 2016 recorded the sums advanced by Liu
as “Other payables Amount owing to [Liu]”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at pages 213, 243 and 269.

Further, counsel for the defendant confirmed, at the hearing of SUM 3491/2021
before the AR, that the defendant made partial repayment on the loans such
that the sum owing to Liu was reduced from S$852,622.58 to S$707,711 as of 31
March 2016. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript 29 November 2021, page 10 lines 27–32, p 11 lines 1–7; Minute Sheet
for the hearing on 17 February 2022 at pages 1 and 3; Ricky See’s 2nd
Affidavit at page 269.

In my view, there was no sensible reason that the defendant would be paying
off these loans if they were indeed owed by the plaintiff. This showed quite
unequivocally that the defendant, as opposed to the plaintiff, was responsible
for repaying Liu. At the hearing of the registrar’s appeal, counsel for the
defendant made a submission from the bar that the defendant paid this money
from MOH grants that were intended for a period prior to the Separation
Agreement (executed on 9 August 2015) and therefore such grant moneys rightly
belonged to the plaintiff. Quite apart from the fact that there was nothing in
the affidavits filed by Liu in support of this submission, I found it to be
hopelessly unpersuasive because the plaintiff was not entitled to the
defendant’s revenue for the period even prior to the Separation Agreement, as
I have already explained (see [34(a)] above).

36 In my judgment, the defendant failed to discharge its tactical burden of
showing that it had a fair or reasonable probability of raising a real or bona
fide defence in respect of the alleged loan. This was for two key reasons.
First, in view of the above analysis, the defendant had not put forth credible
evidence that loans were made to the plaintiff. The sums advanced by Liu went
into bank accounts controlled, and later owned, by the defendant. There was no
merit to the defendant’s argument that the loans made to it were effectively
made to the plaintiff. Also, it was not disputed that the defendant had been
making repayments of the loans advanced by Liu (see above at [35]).

37 Second, the defendant’s version of events was utterly improbable. It
entailed the court accepting that the arrangement between the parties was that
the plaintiff was not involved in managing the Home and thus was not entitled
to income generated by the Home, which would all be kept by the defendant, but
that the plaintiff would somehow remain liable to fund the Home’s operational
expenses, since the loans were made by Liu for that purpose. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Further and Better Particulars dated 25 May 2021 at para 3(a)(i).

Further, because of the alleged Set-Off Agreement (which will be dealt with
later at [40] to [49]), the plaintiff would not be receiving any rent for the
defendant’s use of the Demised Premises for a period of up to 10 years, as it
would be paying off such loans to Liu. To put things mildly, the defendant’s
version was rather remarkable.

38 I also noted the glaring evidential deficiencies faced by the defendant in
that there was no written evidence of any agreement on the alleged loan
between Liu and the plaintiff. The defendant also failed to supply details on
material terms relating to such a loan, including the relevant interest rate
and terms of repayment. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defence at para 2(iv); Further and Better Particulars dated 1 April 2021 at
para 3; Further and Better Particulars dated 26 April 2021 at para 3; Further
and Better Particulars dated 25 May 2021 at para 3.

Where assertions in support of a defence are lacking in precision,
inconsistent with contemporaneous documents, or are inherently improbable, the
court has a duty to reject such assertions and find that the issue raised is
not triable: M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR
325 (“M2B World”) at [19]. The defendant’s assertions on the alleged loans
were completely unsubstantiated and contradicted by the available evidence. I
thus found that there was no triable issue concerning these alleged loans.

39 For completeness, I found that the defendant had unjustifiably failed to
provide a copy of item 5 of its list of documents, namely, the schedule of
advances that allegedly detailed the loans made by Liu to the defendant (the
“Schedule of Advances”). 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s Further Written Submissions dated 1 March 2022 at paras 3–4.

This was despite the plaintiff’s requests on 30 July 2021 and 26 August 2021,
91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Ricky See’s 3rd Affidavit at pages 35–36.

and my order at the hearing on 17 February 2022, that the defendant was to
provide the plaintiff with a copy of the Schedule of Advances. The defendant’s
belated explanation that the Schedule of Advances was actually the same
document as Annex B of its defence 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Letter from TKQP to the court dated 1 March 2022 at para 3 and page 4.

was rejected because this was not what counsel for the defendant informed me
at the hearing on 17 February 2022 when he asked for more time to produce the
Schedule of Advances. The plaintiff argued that an adverse inference should be
drawn against the defendant that the Schedule of Advances, if disclosed, would
show that the alleged loans were made to the defendant and not the plaintiff.
However, given the views I have already expressed on whether there was a
triable issue as to the alleged loans to the plaintiff, it was not necessary
for me to express any view on whether an adverse inference should be drawn
from the defendant’s failure to provide the Schedule of Advances.

Whether there was a triable issue as to the alleged Set-Off Agreement

40 Given that the defendant has not shown that there is any triable issue that
Liu had made any loan to the plaintiff, it followed that the alleged Set-Off
Agreement must have been a fiction dreamt up by the defendant. Without any
loan having been made to the plaintiff, there could be nothing for the rental
payments due to the plaintiff to be set-off against. Nonetheless, for the sake
of argument, even if I were to accept that there were loans made by Liu to the
plaintiff, the defendant would still have needed to establish that there was a
fair or reasonable probability that it has a real or bona fide defence in the
form of the alleged Set-Off Agreement in order to resist the summary judgment
application.

41 As earlier mentioned (at [25] above), the defendant claimed that there was
an orally concluded Set-Off Agreement pursuant to which the rent due under the
Tenancy Agreement would have been set-off against the loans allegedly advanced
by Liu to the plaintiff. At this juncture, I noted that the defendant’s
pleadings were unclear on who the parties to the agreement were. In response
to the plaintiff’s request for particulars on the parties to the agreement,
the defendant responded, “Plaintiffs’ said Chairman with one SEE HOCK CHEE
(Caretaker) present and Defendants’ said Mr. Liu assisted by Mr. Wilson Lim
and/or Mr. Han”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Further and Better Particulars dated 25 May 2021 at para 6(a).

It was not pleaded that the plaintiff, the defendant and Liu were all parties
to the alleged Set-Off Agreement.

42 Aside from the lack of clarity on the alleged parties to the agreement,
there was also an issue as to the date on which the agreement was allegedly
concluded. The date of the Set-Off Agreement was pleaded in the defence as 9
August 2015. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defence at para 2(viii).

However, the defendant subsequently changed its position and stated in Liu’s
affidavit that the date “should be on or about 30 September 2015”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Liu Kim Beng’s 1st Affidavit at para 9(2).

The date on which the Set-Off Agreement was allegedly concluded was important
in view of clause 2(1) of the Tenancy Agreement dated 30 September 2015 (set
out in full at [18] above), which provided that the defendant covenanted “ …
not to seek to exercise any … right or claim to any legal or equitable set-
off.” 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 80.

If the date of the Set-Off Agreement was 9 August 2015, as pleaded in the
defence, the Set-Off Agreement would have been superseded by the Tenancy
Agreement. Although the defendant changed its position to say that the Set-Off
Agreement “should be” dated 30 September 2015, it did not amend its defence
despite having been granted leave to do so by the AR in SUM 4385/2021. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript 22 November 2021, page 6 lines 7–9.

43 Further, the timing of the defendant’s change in position was pertinent. In
the defence, dated 21 January 2021, the stated date of the alleged Set-Off
Agreement was 9 August 2015. After having sight of the plaintiff’s documents
in support of the summary judgment application, including See’s second
affidavit dated 26 July 2021, which referred to clause 2(1) of the Tenancy
Agreement, the defendant mentioned for the first time in Liu’s affidavit dated
19 August 2021, that the date of the Set-Off Agreement “should be on or about
30 September 2015 when parties signed the Tenancy Agreement”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Liu Kim Beng’s 1st Affidavit at para 9(2).

The timing of this change in position, coupled with a lack of explanation for
the shift, cast serious doubt on the bona fides of the subsequent position
taken. In any event, the defendant was bound by its unamended pleaded case
that the alleged agreement was made on 9 August 2015. In summary judgment
proceedings, a defendant must be bound by its pleadings: Olivine Capital Pte
Ltd v Chia Chin Yan [2014] 2 SLR 1371 at [41].

44 Even if one were to leave aside the issue of whether the Tenancy Agreement
had superseded the alleged Set-Off Agreement, there was a disconcerting lack
of credible evidence as to the very existence of such an agreement. The
defendant had not produced any written evidence of the agreement. Further, its
own account of the details concerning the Set-Off Agreement was inconsistent.
In addition to the discrepancy as to the date of the Set-Off Agreement, the
defendant changed its account of the individuals who were present when the
oral agreement was allegedly made. In the defence, the defendant stated that
the agreement was concluded in the presence of the plaintiff’s then chairman
and the plaintiff’s then treasurer; 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defence at para 2(viii).

there was no mention of other individuals present. In contrast, the
defendant’s further and better particulars dated 25 May 2021 claimed that a
few other individuals were also present, namely, See, Soh Kiang Yong, Wilson
Lim, one Mr Han, Chua Ban Tee and Low Yoke Lin. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Further and Better Particulars dated 25 May 2021 at para 6(b)–(c).

Significantly, none of the persons alleged to have been present at the
conclusion of the Set-Off Agreement, including the defendant’s own
representatives Wilson Lim and Mr Han, filed any affidavit to support Liu’s
claims as to the existence of the agreement.

45 I found that the defendant had conducted itself in a manner inconsistent
with the existence of the alleged Set-Off Agreement by making payments of rent
during the tenancy. It was not disputed that the defendant paid the plaintiff
at least S$100,000. The plaintiff produced the defendant’s cheques totalling
S$100,000 as evidence of such payment. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at pages 86–95.

Although the cheques did not state the purpose of payment, the plaintiff was
able to produce one payment voucher for S$15,000 with the words “rent fee”
issued by the defendant to the plaintiff; this payment voucher recorded the
same date and amount as one of the cheques. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at pages 156 and 95.

In any event, counsel for the defendant accepted in oral submissions that this
S$100,000 was indeed payment of rent. But, he pointed out that the defendant
did not start to make payment of rent until 24 March 2016, almost six months
into the term of the tenancy. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 17 February 2022 at page 3.

46 Counsel argued that the late payment of the very first instalment of rent,
and that there was no written evidence that the plaintiff chased for payment
of the outstanding rent, supported the existence of the Set-Off Agreement. I
did not accept that such conduct indicated that there was a Set-Off Agreement.
It was at best equivocal. It was also consistent with the evidence of the
plaintiff that they usually preferred informal means of chasing for the
outstanding rent, and they wanted to maintain a good relationship with the
defendant. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Ricky See’s 3rd Affidavit at para 10.

47 In my judgment, the making of such rental payments could not be reconciled
with the defendant’s allegation of the Set-Off Agreement. According to the
defendant’s case, pursuant to the Set-Off Agreement, the plaintiff would still
owe the defendant S$552,622.58 after setting-off the total amount of rent owed
to the plaintiff for the entire term of the tenancy of five years. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defence at para 2(viii).

Indeed, if this alleged Set-Off Agreement also applied to any renewed term of
another five years, the defendant would not need to pay any rent at all for
that second term as well. This would mean that there was no need for the
defendant to pay rent for a period of 10 years.

48 If this were all true, it was puzzling that the defendant would have made
S$100,000 in rental payments to the plaintiff during the term of the tenancy.
Counsel for the defendant explained in oral submissions that rental payments
were occasionally made when the plaintiff needed money. In this respect, the
defendant relied on a letter dated 13 December 2017 from Sng & Company, the
plaintiff’s then solicitors, which stated that “ … it would be appreciated if
[the defendant] could make payment of … $55,000.00 to [the plaintiff’s
management committee] as soon as possible”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Ricky See’s 3rd Affidavit at page 25.

The defendant’s argument was that, if the plaintiff were entitled to receive
rent, it would have demanded, rather than requested, the sum. However, reading
the letter in full, it appeared quite clear that the plaintiff’s then
solicitors were only aware of the Management Agreement but not the Tenancy
Agreement (and it was only the latter that obliged the defendant to pay rent).
The letter referred to “the Committee Management Appointment in writing dated
19-04-2013”, ie, the Management Agreement, as the basis for requesting payment
of S$55,000. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Ricky See’s 3rd Affidavit at page 24.

It was difficult for the court to accept that, although the defendant made
rental payments occasionally, it was actually not obliged to do so. If parties
had intended an arrangement where “rent” was paid on a voluntary basis, it
would not have been necessary to enter into the Tenancy Agreement, which
expressly created a contractual obligation to pay rent.

49 In my judgment, the defendant failed to raise any triable issue in relation
to a set-off, in that, it had not shown that it had a fair or reasonable
probability of raising a real or bona fide defence in respect of the alleged
Set-Off Agreement. The defendant’s assertion that there was a Set-Off
Agreement was not substantiated by any credible evidence: the Set-Off
Agreement was allegedly orally concluded, there was no written evidence that
supported its existence, and none of the persons who were allegedly present at
its conclusion filed any affidavit in support of Liu’s claims as to its
existence. Further, the defendant presented inconsistent versions of the
alleged Set-Off Agreement with changes in its position that appeared to have
been necessitated by a need to meet the plaintiff’s case. The change in the
alleged date of conclusion of the Set-Off Agreement was an attempt to
circumvent the challenge that clause 2(1) of the Tenancy Agreement presented
(see [42]–[43] above). The defendant also pivoted on its position as to the
rent payable under the Tenancy Agreement. Its pleaded case was that, taking
into account the set-off, rent was not payable at all and in fact S$552,622.58
remained outstanding from the plaintiff. However, counsel for the defendant
admitted in oral submissions that rental payments were indeed made. This
change in position appeared to have been necessitated by the plaintiff’s
evidence of rent actually having been paid (see [45] above) and was
irreconcilable with the defence as pleaded. In view of the defendant’s
unsubstantiated and changing positions, I found there was no triable issue as
to the alleged Set-Off Agreement.

Whether leave to defend should be granted

50 The purpose of O 14 is to enable a plaintiff to obtain a quick judgment
where there is plainly no defence to the claim: Singapore Civil Procedure Vol
I (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 14/1/2. A court will
not grant leave to defend if all the defendant provides is a mere assertion of
a given situation which forms the basis of his defence: M2B World at [19]. In
my judgment, the defendant’s assertions were almost entirely unsubstantiated
and contradicted by the available evidence. The defendant had not raised a
bona fide defence to the plaintiff’s claim and should not be granted leave to
defend.

The orders granted by the court

51 For the above reasons, I allowed RA 332/2021 and the orders made by the AR
below were set aside. I therefore granted judgment to the plaintiff for the
vacant possession of the Demised Premises, and also for the sum of S$200,000
of unpaid rent due under the Tenancy Agreement. Interest on the S$200,000 of
unpaid rent was awarded at the contractually agreed rate of 10% per annum (see
clause 4(3) of the Tenancy Agreement) 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 82.

from the day after the date of the writ to the date of payment, in addition to
the sum of S$43,219.61, being the interest due from the date on which the rent
fell due to the date of the writ (as set out in Schedule A of the statement of
claim). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Statement of Claim at pages 10–11.

I also granted a declaration that the plaintiff may dispose of any of the
defendant’s belongings that remain on the Demised Premises after vacant
possession is obtained.

52 Section 28(4) of the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed) provides that a
landlord is entitled to charge double rent or double value for the period of
holding over. The plaintiff prayed for an order that the defendant be liable
for double value from 1 October 2020 to the date of judgment. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Summons under O 14, prayer 1c.

The defendant did not make any arguments that the plaintiff should not be
entitled to a claim for double value if it is found by the court that the
defendant had wrongly held over. In this case, the defendant had no
contractual right to renew the lease under clause 9 of the Tenancy Agreement
given that it was in clear default of its obligation to pay rent to the tune
of S$200,000. The plaintiff had also written to the defendant to notify it of
the termination of the Tenancy Agreement. As such, I found that the defendant
had wrongfully held over after the expiry of the tenancy on 30 September 2020.
I therefore ordered that the defendant was to pay double the value of the
Demised Premises from 1 October 2020, which was when the Demised Premises
should have been vacated by the defendant, to the date of judgment on 17 March
2022.

53 In UDL Marine (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Jurong Town Corporation [2013] SGHC 236
(“UDL Marine”), it was explained that double value means the “market rent
during the holding over period” (at [92]), as opposed to the last rent paid.
The plaintiff provided some evidence of double value in the form of an email
dated 2 November 2020 from one Oh Puay Ngor of the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore (“IRAS”) which referred to the annual value of the Demised Premises
as S$197,000. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Ricky See’s 2nd Affidavit at page 385.

However, I was of the view that the actual notice of assessment of property
tax from IRAS, which would show the most recent assessed annual value of the
property, should have been provided in evidence. I also took the view that the
defendant should be given an opportunity to challenge this manner of
determining the quantum of double value, if it wished to do so. As such, I
ordered that, if there was no agreement on the double value of the Demised
Premises from 1 October 2020 to the date of judgment, the plaintiff was at
liberty to write in for directions for the quantification of such double value
by the court.

54 Subsequently, the plaintiff wrote to the court in a letter dated 30 March
2022. In this letter, the plaintiff provided further evidence as to double
value in the form of the notices of assessment issued by IRAS for the periods
of January to December 2020, January to December 2021, and January to December
2022. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Letter from TKQP to the court dated 30 March 2022 at pages 8–13.

The plaintiff also informed the court that it had provided the defendant with
these notices of assessment, and had written to the defendant twice to confirm
if the defendant would be agreeable to have the holding over damages
quantified on the basis of the annual value of S$197,000. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Letter from TKQP to the court dated 30 March 2022 at para 4.

According to the plaintiff, the defendant ignored both letters. The plaintiff
then requested the court to proceed to quantify the holding over damages based
on the annual value of S$197,000, with the computed sum being S$575,076.61.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Letter from TKQP to the court dated 30 March 202 at para 7.

On 14 April 2022, I ordered that the defendant was to respond to the
plaintiff’s letter by 22 April 2022. In particular, the defendant was to state
whether it accepted the annual value as stated in IRAS’s notices of assessment
and if it did not, whether it intended to adduce any evidence as to the annual
value of the Demised Premises. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Letter from the court to parties dated 14 April 2022 at para 2.

The defendant did not comply with my directions.

55 Section 4(2) of the Property Tax Act 1960 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Act”) places
responsibility on the Chief Assessor for the assessment of the annual values
of properties under the Act. Section 2(1)(a) of the Act defines annual value
as follows:

“annual value” –– in relation to a house or building or land or tenement, not
being a wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage, means the gross amount at which
the same can reasonably be expected to be let from year to year, the landlord
paying the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes
(other than goods and services tax) …

[emphasis added]

56 In Chief Assessor v Keppel Corp Ltd [1994] 1 SLR(R) 457, Warren L H Khoo J,
in interpreting s 2(1)(a) of the Act, explained (at [8]) that annual value is
“what the hypothetical tenant might reasonably be expected to pay by way of
rental on a yearly tenancy upon the terms stipulated under the relevant part
of the definition [in the Act]”. This is consistent with what double value
represents, as explained in UDL Marine (see [53] above). In view of the above,
I found that it was appropriate to refer to the annual value in the IRAS
notices in computing double value. This was especially given that the
defendant, despite having been given the opportunity to do so, did not
challenge this manner of determining the quantum of double value, nor did it
challenge the annual value of S$197,000.

57 On 7 June 2022, I thus made an order as to the quantum of damages for
holding over, with such damages fixed in the amount of S$575,076.61. This sum
represents the double value of the Demised Premises for the period of 1
October 2020 to 17 March 2022, computed on the basis of the annual value of
S$197,000. The computation was set out in paragraph 5 of the court’s letter to
the parties dated 7 June 2022, and I reproduce it here:

Period| Computation  
---|---  
1 Oct 2020 to 31 Dec 2020 (92 days)| S$197,000 ÷ 366 × 92 × 2 = S$99,038.25  
1 Jan 2021 to 31 Dec 2021 (1 year)| S$197,000 × 2 = S$394,000  
1 Jan 2022 to 17 Mar 2022 (76 days)| S$197,000 ÷ 365 × 76 × 2 = S$82,038.36  
Total| S$575,076.61  
  
58 As for costs, following the general principle that costs follow the event,
I ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff three sets of costs. For SUM
3491/2021, which was the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment, I
ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff costs of S$12,000. For RA 332/2021,
which was the plaintiff’s appeal against the AR’s decision to grant the
defendant unconditional leave to defend, I ordered the defendant to pay the
plaintiff costs of S$12,000. Finally, in respect of the main action, Suit
1225/2020, I ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff costs of S$13,000. For
the last figure, I took into account that there would have been some overlap
in work done for Suit 1225/2020 which the plaintiff would already be
compensated for in the costs orders for SUM 3491/2021 and RA 332/2021. All
sums were inclusive of disbursements.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Parmar Karam Singh and Leong Lijie (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
plaintiff;

Seah Choon Huat Johnny (Seah & Co)

for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Jul 2022 (12:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

