Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 30

District Court Appeal No 38 of 2022

Between

WDW

… Appellant

And

WDX

… Respondent

District Court Appeal No 39 of 2022

Between

WDX

… Appellant

And

WDW

… Respondent

Judgment

[Family Law — Custody — Care and control — Access]

[Family Law — Maintenance — Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WDW

  
v

  

WDX and another appeal

[2022] SGHCF 30

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
Nos 38 and 39 of 2022

Choo Han Teck J  
25 October, 22 November 2022

23 December 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties were married on 17 December 2019. The Father is a 41-year-old
American citizen. He owns a construction company in America which is in the
process of being wound up. The Mother is a 31-year-old Singapore citizen. She
holds a senior associate position in a bank. A day before their marriage, the
parties signed a Prenuptial Deed (the “Deed”) dated 16 December 2019. The Deed
was made in contemplation of the parties’ marriage and the birth of their
daughter born in December 2019. The daughter is presently living with the
Mother and attends a full-day childcare.

2 The parties filed cross-applications under s 5 of the Guardianship of
Infants Act 1934 seeking rights over the daughter. The District Judge (the
“DJ”) ordered that:

(a) The parties shall have joint custody of the daughter, with care and
control to the Mother and access to the Father. The Father is to have access
to the daughter on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays from 3pm to 7pm and
Saturdays from 10am to 6pm at the Father’s residence.

(b) The issues of overnight access and overseas access were deferred to a time
when the daughter is older to be determined. The Father was also ordered to
pay the sum of $3,200 per month to the Mother as maintenance, to be backdated
to 1 August 2021.

(c) The sum of $4,888.67 was a reasonable estimate of the daughter’s monthly
expenses, having regard to the means of the parties and their stations in
life. This includes, inter alia:

(i) $750 allocated to the daughter’s share of accommodation and household
expenses;

(ii) $800 allocated for the daughter’s personal goods and food; and

(iii) $1,500 allocated for the domestic helper’s salary, levy and living
expenses.

(d) Having regard to the financial capabilities of the parties, the daughter’s
expenses were apportioned between the Father and Mother in the proportion
65:35. The Father was also ordered to reimburse the Mother 65% of the
additional educational expenses within 7 days upon the Mother providing the
invoice.

3 HCF/DCA 38/2022 (“DCA 38”) is the Father’s appeal against the DJ’s decision
in relation to access and maintenance for the daughter. HCF/DCA 39/2022 (“DCA
39”) is the Mother’s appeal against the DJ’s decision on maintenance for the
daughter.

4 In DCA 38, the Father says that he should have overnight access to the
daughter, who is turning three years old in December 2022. He proposes that
this overnight access take place on alternate Fridays after school to 6pm on
Sundays. He says that the daughter has slept overnight at the Father’s home
with no problems and that she has gone to bed without the Mother putting her
to bed. He also wishes to strengthen his relationship with the daughter. The
Father relies on cases where overnight access was granted for children as
young as eight months’ old. He says that in the event that overnight access is
not granted now, a date or age at which overnight access is permitted should
be set. The Mother says that the DJ’s orders on access should be upheld.

5 In my view, it would be too soon to introduce two consecutive nights of
overnight access at this point. The daughter is only three. Furthermore, in
2022, the Father was abroad for almost three months of the year, as he has
multiple investments and assets in the US. This is understandable, and, as it
appears that as the Father’s construction business is still ongoing for the
time being, he would likely have to make frequent overseas trips. To order two
consecutive nights of overnight access at this point would not be practical
nor would it be in the best interests of the daughter.

6 On a positive note, the daughter enjoys her time with the Father, and he, in
turn, looks to spending more time with the daughter. He has moved to Singapore
to care for the daughter. There were also at least two previous occasions when
the daughter stayed overnight with the Father. In my view, the Father should
be able to have overnight access to the daughter when she has spent a little
more time with him, and a bond is established. The Father may therefore apply
again when the time is right. When that might be depends on how well their
relationship grows. In the meantime, the Father is encouraged to use his
access time meaningfully to build up his relationship with the daughter and to
also acquaint himself with the daughter’s night-time routine.

7 The Father also appeals against the DJ’s decision on the estimate of the
daughter’s monthly expenses. He says that the DJ accepted the Mother’s
estimate of the daughter’s monthly expenses without taking into account the
fact that the daughter would be spending significant time with him and he
would be paying for expenses of the daughter when under his care. He adduced
evidence of about $1,660 that he spends on the daughter per month. Therefore,
the estimate of $4,888.67 is excessive and is unsupported by the documentary
evidence. In particular, he says that there is no documentary evidence that
the Mother is paying a “token sum” of $1,500 for staying at her parents’ place
monthly. He also says that the expenses allocated to the domestic helper are
excessive as the daughter is not the “sole beneficiary” of domestic help and
the helper performs chores for other household members at the Mother’s place.

8 The Mother says the Father had intended for the daughter to lead a “princess
lifestyle”. She says that the Father’s proposal is disproportionate to the
parties’ station of life and how they had previously agreed as to how the
daughter ought to be brought up. She also says that it was known to the Father
that her need to pay rent was partly to appease her mother, who was not
supportive of the parties’ relationship and was deeply unhappy that the
daughter was conceived out of wedlock. The DJ below was thus correct to
attribute $750 to the daughter for her share of the accommodation. She also
says that the daughter’s access time with the Father is not “significant” such
that the expenses paid by the Mother should be affected.

9 Presently, the Mother, the daughter and their domestic helper are staying in
the Mother’s parents’ HDB flat. The Mother’s mother has produced an affidavit
stating that her daughter has been giving her $1,500 each month since
September 2021, and this is a token sum compared to the income she would have
received had she rented out the two rooms. The Mother’s payment of rent is to
make up for her parents’ economic loss of rent, including their share of
utilities, broadband services and town council services. The Mother is also
unable to afford private property on her single income and does not qualify
for public housing.

10 I think the DJ was not wrong to include the daughter’s share of rent in the
maintenance sum. As I have mentioned in a past case, but for the daughter, the
Mother would not necessarily have required the additional room or could have
found a smaller and cheaper accommodation (VPX v VPY [2021] SGHCF 13 at [19]).
The DJ was also not wrong to include the domestic helper’s salary, levy and
living expenses in the maintenance sum, as the helper’s duties mostly concern
the young daughter. Even when the daughter is at daycare, the Mother would
still require the domestic helper to upkeep the home. I am also of the view
that the estimates for the daughter’s clothing, social activities, insurance,
transport and monies set aside for contingency purposes are reasonable.

11 Nevertheless, I agree with the Father that the daughter’s personal goods
and food expenses have been overvalued. The daughter has started full-day
childcare which provides the daughter at least two meals a day. The Father
also has three weekdays of ordered access and spends Saturdays with the
daughter, and the Father would pay for expenses incurred by the daughter
during those periods. This amounts to almost half a week that the daughter is
either at daycare or with the Father. However, I note that the helper assists
in preparing meals for the Father and the daughter, and some of these costs
may be borne by the Mother. Generally, I agree with the Father that the amount
to be allocated to the daughter’s personal goods and food should be reduced
from $800 to $500, which I think is sufficient for a daughter that age. I thus
find that the daughter’s monthly expenses should be adjusted to $4,588.67.

12 I now turn to address DCA 39. The Mother says that the DJ erred in finding
that the parties’ ought to share the daughter’s maintenance in the ratio of
65:35. The Mother points to the Deed and says that on a plain reading of the
entire Deed, the inclusion of the clause that “[the Mother] shall have a joint
responsibility to contribute to the said maintenance of the daughter based on
her assets and means” and that “[b]oth parties will also contribute to the
maintenance of the daughter” should mean that the maintenance to be paid by
the parties’ is to be apportioned using a ratio of their assets and means. The
Mother thus says that the ratio should be based on her assets and means, as
agreed between parties at the ratio of 90:10, with the Father to bear the
higher proportion.

13 The Father says that the relevant clauses of the Deed are irrelevant as the
Deed does not specifically provide for the apportionment of maintenance. The
clauses that the Mother refers to state explicitly that they apply “in the
event of a Termination of Marriage”. The Judge also did not limit his
consideration to the parties’ incomes, but also their financial resources and
capabilities.

14 Section 68 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) is clear that both
parents have a duty to maintain or contribute to the maintenance of his or her
children, having regard to his or her means and station in life. The Deed is
also unequivocal that both parties must contribute to the maintenance of the
daughter to some extent, although it does not set out the proportion that each
party must bear.

15 Compared to the Mother, the Father has more assets — he has two properties
in the USA, multiple investments and his construction business. However, I
acknowledge that the Father’s construction business, from which he derives the
majority of his income, is in decline, even though he has evidence that the
company had taken up a project in September 2022, and the company is still
earning. As determined by the DJ, the Mother’s monthly salary, inclusive of
commission, is an estimated of $7,920.10 per month. The Mother accepted this
in the proceedings below, though she is now saying that she no longer earns
any commission. In the absence of any concrete evidence that she is no longer
earning any commission, I think that the Mother has substantial earning
capacity. I also note that her IRAS Notice of Assessments for the years 2019
to 2021 reflect that her gross income was about $10,563.08 per month, which
further demonstrates her earning capacity. In the circumstances, I think it
fair that the parties continue to contribute to the daughter’s maintenance in
the ratio 65:35.

16 I therefore allow DCA 38 in part and dismiss DCA 39. I make no orders as to
costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Iman Marini Binte Salem and Bernice Goh Jun Ting (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the
appellant in DCA 38 and respondent in DCA 39;  
Lee Mong Jen and Yeo Yang (LMJ Law Corporation) for the respondent in DCA 38
and appellant in DCA 39.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 04 Jan 2023 (11:23 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

