Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 14

District Court Appeal No 96 of 2021

Between

WAY

… Appellant

And

WAZ

… Respondent

AND

District Court Appeal No 132 of 2021

Between

WAZ

… Appellant

And

WAY

… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Family Law — Ancillary Matters — Variation of Access Orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WAY

  
v

  

WAZ and another appeal

[2022] SGHCF 14

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeals
Nos 96 and 132 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
18 May 2022

9 June 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties married in December 2012 and have a child (“the Child”), born in
2014, presently 8 years old. The Mother commenced divorce proceedings in March
2016 and Interim Judgment was granted on 8 May 2017. District Judge (“DJ”)
Azmin Jailani heard the parties on ancillary matters and made the following
access orders (“the Access Orders”) in November 2018:

(a) the Father to have weekend overnight access either on Friday, Saturday, or
Sunday night — it is not disputed that the Father elected to have his
overnight access from Sunday 10.15am to Monday morning;

(b) the Father to have weekday access on Tuesday and Thursday from 5.00pm to
7.30pm and one school run, to pick the Child up from school on Monday and drop
the Child at the Mother’s residence;

(c) the Father to have specific access on specific occasions, such as Father’s
Day, the Father’s birthday, the Child’s birthday, Chinese New Year, Christmas
and other public holidays; and

(d) the parties and the Child to enrol in any family therapy or counselling
programme to incrementally extend the periods of access to the Father, which
includes increased access in Singapore and overseas travel with the Child.

2 After the DJ gave the Access Orders, the parties attended family therapy and
had their first session with their counsellor (“the Counsellor”) sometime in
late January 2019. However, due to the lack of cooperation between the
parties, the family therapy programme had no positive outcome, and the
Counsellor terminated it in December 2019, before it was completed.

3 The Father commenced Summons 71 of 2021 in January 2021 to vary the Access
Orders. He sought significant variations, which included an increase of
overnight access from one night to three nights, the inclusion of school
holiday access, and overseas travel access.

4 The learned DJ accepted that it is in the Child’s best interest for the
Father to have more time with the Child since it had been more than three
years after the Access Orders were made, but was not minded to grant the
entirety of the variations sought by the Father. Therefore, the learned DJ
partially allowed the Father’s variation application and granted him:

(a) one additional weekday overnight access, from Tuesday 4.30pm to Wednesday
morning from October 2021 onwards;

(b) a 30-minute earlier pickup time for weekday access;

(c) make-up access if a public holiday allocated to the Mother falls on the
same day as the Father’s access; and

(d) one additional weekday access and two days of back-to-back overnight
access during the school holidays in June 2022 and November to December 2022,
and school holidays thereafter.

5 Both parties appealed against the learned DJ’s decision. In District Court
Appeal No 96 of 2021, the Mother appeals against the variation of the Access
Orders. The Mother says that the learned DJ erred in varying the Access Orders
without ascertaining if there had been a material change in circumstances. The
Mother says that the completion of the family therapy programme was a
precondition that must be satisfied before the Father can have increased
access to the Child and that precondition was not met since the family therapy
programme was terminated prematurely. The Mother also says that even if the DJ
was minded to vary the Access Orders, he should have ordered a Social Welfare
Report (“SWR”) or Custody Evaluation Report (“CER”) to ascertain the Child’s
aversion to going to the Father’s residence.

6 District Court Appeal No 132 of 2021 is the Father’s appeal against the
learned DJ’s decision. The Father says that the DJ had erred in failing to
specifically order that the handover of the Child should take place at a
neutral location in the absence of the Mother. The Father says that the child
psychologist had come to the conclusion that the Child was distressed during
handovers because of the multiple episodes of failed handovers and hostility
between the parents. He further says that the child psychologist recommended
delegating the handover to a neutral party and varying the handover location
to a neutral location so that the parties do not have to meet during the
handover of the Child. The Father also seeks an order to prevent the Mother
from enrolling the Child in any enrichment classes or activities during the
Father’s access time.

7 Dealing first with the Mother’s appeal, I am of the view that the DJ was
right in varying the Access Orders to give the Father more time to see the
Child. One of the very purposes of the family therapy programme ordered by the
DJ was to incrementally extend the periods of access to the Father under a
structured programme. Given that the family therapy sessions had ceased,
maintaining the original Access Orders would mean that intended opportunities
for a gradated access to the Father would be gone. As the learned DJ pointed
out, this was a material change that justifies a variation of the Access
Order.

8 Furthermore, more than three years have passed since the original Access
Orders and the Child is now eight years old. Having interviewed the Child, I
am of the view that the Child is well-adjusted and able to relate to adults.
The Child also seems to get along well with his stepbrother and has a better
relationship with his stepmother now. Therefore, I am of the view that there
is no need to order a CER or SWR, and that he should spend more time with his
Father. I find that the modest increase in access granted by the DJ to be
reasonable, and in the best interests of the Child. I therefore dismiss the
Mother’s appeal.

9 Turning to Father’s appeal, I agree that the Child may be distressed under
the current handover arrangements because of the hostility between his
parents. This is also supported by the views of the Child’s psychologist who
stated in his report that when the parents knowingly or unknowingly show
hostility during the handover, the Child will perceive the hostility and have
a psychological fear reaction, and over time, repeated experiences of failures
during the handover can become a trigger for negative reactions in the Child.
In my view, to reduce the Child’s stress at handovers, it is the duty of both
parents to be cordial during the handover process. However, this may sometimes
be difficult or impossible due to the unresolved animosity from their
separation. In such cases, the court may need to intervene to ensure that the
hostility between the parents does not harm the welfare of the Child. The
Father’s proposal for handover is as follows:

(a) he will pick up the Child for weekend access on Sunday at 10.15am from
tennis class, to be conducted at the Father’s residence (or whichever
enrichment class that the Child is enrolled in) and send the Child to school
on Monday morning;

(b) he will pick the Child up for Tuesday access from gym class (or whichever
enrichment class that the Child is enrolled in) at 4.30pm and send the Child
to school on Wednesday morning; and

(c) he will pick the Child up for Thursday access from fencing class (or
whichever enrichment class that the Child is enrolled in) at 4.30pm and return
the Child to the Mother’s residence at 7.30pm.

10 I find the Father’s proposal reasonable and practical, and I allow his
appeal. The Father’s proposal may not work in situations where there are
changes to the Child’s schedule, for instance, on days when enrichment classes
are cancelled. I therefore further order that where it is not feasible to
comply with the Father’s handover proposal as set out above, the handover of
the Child should be conducted at a neutral or public location, by a neutral
party who is known to both parties (such as a close friend or relative) and
the Mother should not be present at the handover. Both parties equally are at
fault for their lack of cooperation during the handover process, but it is
unfair for the Child to suffer because of his parents’ inability to reconcile.
The Father’s proposal offers a practical way to protect the Child for the time
being and minimizes the chances of failed handovers.

11 Lastly, I order that the Mother does not enrol the Child in any enrichment
classes or activities during the Father’s access time, without the consent of
the Father. The Father says that after the Access Orders were varied, the
Mother enrolled the Child in drum classes on Tuesdays, which takes place
during the Father’s access, leading to a situation where the Father picks up
the Child from gym class at 4.30pm only to send him for drum class. Such a
situation should be avoided in the future to ensure that the Father can spend
his fair share of meaningful time with the Child.

12 My decision above reflects the fair and proper adjudication of access time
for the Father, which the DJ below had largely recognised and ordered. What is
of greater importance is that the parties in a divorce fully understand the
concepts of custody, care and control. These are concepts that lawyers,
counsellors, and judges should remind themselves when dealing with legal
issues arising from them.

13 In a happy marriage, the custody of the children is aligned with the right
to care and control, for the interests of both parents are themselves aligned.
When the parents are divorced, this alignment is torn asunder, and the parents
may be given joint custody of the children as that is an obvious right, save
in exceptional cases where one party is found to be unsuitable to have custody
rights. But when the parents are separated by divorce, it is impossible to
have joint care and control. That is why one parent is given care and control,
and the other, access to the children.

14 The award of care and control is no more a prize than an access order is a
consolation prize. Both are of equal importance to the child. Without
meaningful access, the child may not be able to build a loving relationship
with the parent having access. Should any calamity befall the parent having
care and control — such as ill-health or incarceration — the other parent
would be the most appropriate person to take over care and control. But a
handover in those circumstances will be awkward if the parent taking over does
not have a sound relationship with the child. It is therefore important that
the child is encouraged to build a healthy parent-child relationship with both
parents after their divorce. To that end, generous access time subject to the
child’s personal needs, such as rest and schooling, should be given. If there
is objection to the amount of access time, as in this case, the court will
evaluate the objection against the circumstances of the child and the desire
of the other parent. In many cases, the present one included, the parent
seeking access has a genuine interest in developing a parent-child
relationship. Those who have no such interest are usually reluctant to seek
access. In the present case, the Father has a new family, and yet still hopes
to be the father that he should be to the Child.

15 For the aforementioned reasons, I dismiss the Mother’s appeal and allow the
Father’s appeal. I make no order as to cost.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Lee Leann and Linda Joelle Ong (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the mother;  
The father in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Jun 2022 (11:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

