Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGCA 8

Originating Summons No 29 of 2021

In the matter of Section 29D(2)(c)(ii) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322)

And

In the matter of Order 56A, Rule 12(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5)

Between

| Choo Cheng Tong Wilfred  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Phua Swee Khiang  
---|---  
(2)| Ding Pei Chai  
  
… Respondents

Judgment

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Judges] — [Transfer of cases]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Choo Cheng Tong Wilfred

  
v

  

Phua Swee Khiang and another

[2022] SGCA 8

Court of Appeal — Originating Summons No 29 of 2021  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA  
16 December 2021

25 January 2022

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA:

1 As the old adage goes, one must be careful lest one misses the wood for the
trees. Another guiding principle is that one must look to the substance –
rather than merely the form – of the proceedings concerned.

2 In an application for the transfer of an appeal from the Appellate Division
of the High Court (“AD”) to the Court of Appeal, the “overarching inquiry” is
whether it is more appropriate for the Court of Appeal to hear the appeal (see
Noor Azlin bte Abdul Rahman and another v Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd
[2021] 2 SLR 440 (“Noor Azlin”) at [45]). The present application is one such
application. The applicant, who seeks remuneration for work done in relation
to legal disputes which his clients were involved in, argues that legal issues
raised by his appeal against the judgment of the General Division of the High
Court in Choo Cheng Tong Wilfred v Phua Swee Khiang and another [2021] SGHC
154 would be more appropriately heard by the Court of Appeal.

3 In support of his application, the applicant raises numerous arguments
pursuant to the matters set out in O 56A r 12(3), read with O 56A r 12(1) of
the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) and s 29D(2)(c)(ii) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed). However, at bottom, his case
really concerns the interpretation as well as application of certain
provisions of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Act”). The
fundamental issue he raises relates to what constitutes acting “as an advocate
and solicitor” within the meaning of the Act. At trial, the judge, applying
the tests in Turner (East Asia) Pte Ltd v Builders Federal (Hong Kong) Ltd and
another [1988] 1 SLR(R) 281 (“Turner”), found that the applicant’s work
consisted of acting “as an advocate and solicitor” within the meaning of the
Act; therefore, he was barred by the Act from claiming remuneration for any
such work done while he was an unauthorised person within the meaning of the
Act. The applicant now argues, amongst other ancillary issues relating to the
interpretation and application of the Act, that the judge had erred by
applying the tests in Turner, and that a new understanding of what constitutes
acting “as an advocate and solicitor” should be fashioned from developments in
other jurisdictions.

4 It is important at this juncture to draw a distinction between what the
existing law is and what the law ought to be. What the existing law is is
well-established: see Turner. The applicant identifies Turner as a decision of
some age, but age is a neutral point; indeed, there are many established
decisions that are of very considerable vintage and which often constitute the
foundation in relation to their respective areas of the law.

5 The applicant sets his sights higher, and pitches his arguments in the realm
of what the law ought to be. However, in general, in an area governed
principally by legislation, any submission that the law ought to be different
must be effected with regard to the proper interpretation of that legislation,
bearing in mind the existing case law. As I have just observed, the principles
governing the relevant provisions of the Act were established in Turner. The
applicant has not pointed to any amendments to the Act since which warrant a
further examination of those principles. The applicant’s case is based instead
solely on developments in other jurisdictions, in which different legislation
prevails. The reform in the law which the applicant is arguing for therefore
engages policy issues that are more appropriately within the purview of the
Legislature, and not the courts (whether the AD or the Court of Appeal).

6 What is left then of the issues raised by the applicant concerns primarily
the application and interpretation of well-established law. These are areas
for which the AD is quintessentially the appropriate forum, and where it is
not more appropriate for the Court of Appeal to hear the appeal.

7 Bearing this fundamental point in mind, I turn now to deal with the specific
arguments raised by the applicant pursuant to the various grounds set out
under O 56A r 12(3) of the ROC.

8 First, the applicant suggests that the appellate court’s holdings as to the
interpretation and the application of the Act would affect all manner of
people with some form of learning of the law (but do not hold practising
certificates) who wish to apply their multi-disciplinary skills across a wide
range of industries, as well as anyone who would hire such people. He submits
that his appeal therefore engages both O 56A rr 12(3)(a) and (b) of the ROC,
ie, that his appeal relates to a matter of national or public importance
and/or raises a point of law of public importance. However, as pointed out by
the respondents, this demographic identified by the applicant comprises only a
small segment of society. Nor is it apparent that this small segment of
society has an outsized role to play, such that a decision delineating the
fine edges of what they can and cannot do will have the potential to impact
Singapore on a macro-level, as this court put it in Noor Azlin at [49].
Further, as already highlighted above, the points of law involved in the
applicant’s appeal are more appropriately dealt with by the AD.

9 Next, the applicant invokes O 56A r 12(3)(c) of the ROC, arguing that his
appeal is both factually and legally novel and complex. However, the
Appellant’s Case he has filed indicates that the factual scope of his case has
been dramatically reduced on appeal. Nor does this matter disclose any
particular degree of legal complexity. This appeal therefore does not satisfy
the requirement that “both complexity and novelty must be present” (see Noor
Azlin at [67] [emphasis in original]).

10 Third, the applicant argues that there are conflicting judicial decisions,
and that O 56A r 12(3)(e) of the ROC is therefore satisfied. The conflicting
judicial decisions he speaks of are simply Turner on the one hand and certain
English authorities on the other. However, the mere fact that the courts in
Singapore have taken a different approach on a particular issue as compared to
other jurisdictions cannot be taken to satisfy O 56A r 12(3)(e) of the ROC.
There is probably no legal issue on which every single court in the world
agrees. A dedicated enough appellant would most likely be able to find a case
differing from Singaporean jurisprudence on virtually any issue. If this were
to be taken as sufficient, O 56A r 12(3)(e) of the ROC would be deprived of
meaning.

11 Finally, the applicant submits that, per O 56A r 12(3)(f) of the ROC, the
results of his appeal are significant, both generally (in respect of which he
repeats his arguments in relation to O 56A rr 12(3)(a) and (b) of the ROC) and
personally. I have already addressed those arguments made in relation to O 56A
rr 12(3)(a) and (b) of the ROC, and so I turn to the issue of personal
significance. This court observed in Noor Azlin at [73] that “a high and
exceptional degree of personal consequence (ie, substantial and critical)
would have to be demonstrated for the matter to even be considered as
potentially coming within the rule”. The only personal consequence cited by
the applicant is that the Judge’s finding paves the way for him to be
prosecuted under s 33 of the Act. Without more, I do not consider that even a
successful prosecution would bring the applicant beyond the threshold outlined
in Noor Azlin.

12 In short, the issues raised in the appeal which the applicant has
highlighted for this application concern simply the interpretation and
application of the Act. There are no other facets of the appeal which surmount
this fundamental observation. The appeal is more appropriately heard in the
AD, and I dismiss this application.

13 Each party is to bear their own costs for this application. This is in
accordance with an agreement between the parties, whereby the respondents
agreed not to object to the application. The first respondent submits that
that agreement was made before the court called for written submissions;
having incurred costs in the preparation of his submissions, which would not
have been incurred but for this application, he is entitled to those costs. I
note, however, that the first respondent had acknowledged (correctly, in my
view) that he would be duty-bound to address the court on his position and
that that acknowledgment formed part of the above agreement. Significantly,
the second respondent acknowledged in its written submissions to the court
that, in accordance with the above agreement, each party was to bear their own
costs for the present application. The usual consequential orders apply.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
---|---  
  
Salem bin Mohamed Ibrahim, Charlene Wee Swee Ting and  
Hoon Wei Yang Benedict (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the applicant;

Chan Wai Kit Darren Dominic and Ng Yi Ming Daniel  
(Characterist LLC) for the first respondent;  
Chow Chao Wu Jansen, Ang Leong Hao and Sasha Gonsalves (Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP) for the second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 25 Jan 2022 (16:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

