Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 30

Civil Appeal No 130 of 2021

Between

| Wei Ho-Hung  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Lyu Jun  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 625 of 2019

Between

| Lyu Jun  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Wei Ho-Hung  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Appeals — Leave to raise new points — O 56A r 9(5)(b) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)]

[Contract — Intention to create legal relations — Loan agreements]

[Gifts — Conditions attached]

[Trusts — Quistclose trusts — Threshold of proof]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wei Ho-Hung

  
v

  

Lyu Jun

[2022] SGHC(A) 30

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 130 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD and Hoo Sheau Peng J  
22 July 2022  

19 August 2022

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerned a dispute between an unmarried couple over putative
gifts made during the time of their relatively short relationship. It arose
from the decision of a Judge of the General Division of the High Court (the
“Judge”) in Lyu Jun v Wei Ho-Hung [2021] SGHC 268 (the “Judgment”). On 22 July
2022, we heard the appeal. After hearing submissions from parties, we
substantially dismissed the appeal, though we varied an aspect of the Judge’s
decision. At [59]–[63] below, we will explain the basis on which we decided to
effect this variation.

Background

2 The background to this matter is stated more fully in the Judgment.

3 In essence, the parties met in March 2016, and, by May 2016, they became
romantically involved. It bears highlighting that the respondent (“Mr Lyu”)
was married at the time he and the appellant (“Ms Wei”) entered into their
relationship. Mr Lyu remained married throughout, though his wife was in the
process of obtaining a divorce from him. He wished to marry Ms Wei after his
divorce and to formally start their life together as a married couple. In this
connection, he had informed Ms Wei that upon his divorce, some of his assets
would need to be transferred to his wife (see the Judgment at [44] and [49]).

4 During their relationship, Mr Lyu transferred substantial sums of money to
Ms Wei. These sums were used to acquire assets in Ms Wei’s name, such as an
apartment, as well as for various other purposes which did not result in the
ownership of an unencumbered asset, such as to discharge a mortgage over Ms
Wei’s apartment. After their relationship soured and ended, Mr Lyu sought to
recover these assets and sums of money, the collective value of which he
claimed was around S$8 million, though Ms Wei only admitted to receiving
around S$7 million (see the Judgment at [7]). This disagreement is not
salient.

5 There were ten assets and sums of money in respect of which Mr Lyu brought
claims. Adopting the descriptions used by the Judge (see the Judgment at [8]),
the assets and claims concerned the following matters:

(a) The D’Leedon apartment;

(b) The Car;

(c) The discharge of the Bartley mortgage;

(d) The Cairnhill option;

(e) The first clinic investment;

(f) The US surrogacy;

(g) The application for Grenadian citizenship;

(h) The Marne Road shop;

(i) The second clinic investment; and

(j) The Rolex watch.

6 At trial, Mr Lyu’s overarching contention was that the transfers made to Ms
Wei were not gifts, and had only been made with a view to building their life
together as a married couple. Ms Wei was thus not entitled to retain them once
their relationship came to an end. In response, Ms Wei’s general defence was
that she received them as gifts of love, and was therefore entitled to them
wholly. We note that it was not Ms Wei’s case that she was entitled to a share
of the assets and sums of money. For her, it was all-or-nothing, and this is
what the Judge understood her case to be as well (see the Judgment at [25]).

The decision below

7 The Judge found substantially for Mr Lyu and allowed eight of his ten
claims. Only the two claims relating to the money used to discharge the
Bartley mortgage and the Rolex watch were dismissed (see the Judgment at
[62]–[67] and [91]–[93] respectively).

8 In arriving at his decision, the Judge took into account the parties’ oral
evidence on the stand, text messages, and various pieces of evidence which
shed light on the context of their communications. In general, such evidence
led the Judge to the conclusion that Mr Lyu did not intend – by most of his
transfers of funds – to benefit Ms Wei gratuitously.

Grounds of the appeal

9 Ms Wei appealed the Judge’s decision in respect of all eight claims on which
Mr Lyu succeeded. Mr Lyu did not appeal the two claims on which he failed and,
so, only eight claims were in issue before us.

10 For present purposes, Ms Wei’s grounds of her appeal are conveniently
grouped around two subsets of those eight claims:

(a) The first group comprises Mr Lyu’s claims in respect of: (i) the D’Leedon
apartment; (ii) the Car; (iii) the Cairnhill option; and (iv) the Marne Road
shop. These claims are grouped together because they raise a common
dispositive issue to which we will turn at [24]–[32] below.

(b) The second group comprises Mr Lyu’s claims in respect of: (i) the first
clinic investment; (ii) the US surrogacy; (iii) the second clinic investment;
and (iv) the application for Grenadian citizenship. These claims do not have a
common dispositive issue, but the issue arising in relation to each are of a
similar character. We will explain this similarity at [19]–[23] below.

11 Before turning to explain the issues in respect of each group, we pause to
highlight that in the Appellant’s Case 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at paras 62–77.

as well as the Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments (20 Jun 2022) at paras 5, 7 and 10–19.

there was some indication that Ms Wei’s appeal in respect of the Cairnhill
option would raise issues which would straddle both groups. However, at the
hearing before us, her counsel, Mr Mahesh Rai (“Mr Rai”), confirmed that this
was not the case and that the Cairnhill option only fell within the first
group, or what he described as the “resulting trust assets”. Accordingly, we
only considered her appeal in relation to the Cairnhill option insofar as it
related to the first group of claims.

The first group of claims

12 In respect of the claims falling within the first group, Ms Wei in this
appeal abandoned her assertion that the sums used to acquire these assets were
transferred to her as gifts wholly for her benefit (see [6] above). Instead,
the ground of her appeal was that the Judge erred in determining that Mr Lyu
lacked any and all intention to benefit her, even to a lesser degree (ie, less
than 100%). As Ms Wei put in her Appellant’s Case:

16\. The Judge found that a resulting trust arose over 100% of the D’Leedon
apartment because Ms Wei had failed to prove Mr Lyu’s intention to gift the
property completely to her. However, as argued … below, the contemporaneous
evidence adduced before the Court shows that Mr Lyu undoubtedly had the
intention for Ms Wei to possess some beneficial interest. Even if the Judge
was not convinced that Mr Lyu had intended to gift Ms Wei with 100% of the
beneficial interest in the property, a declaration that Ms Wei holds the
entire property on resulting trust for Mr Lyu can only be upheld if the Judge
was satisfied that there was a complete absence of intention by Mr Lyu to
benefit Ms Wei.

17\. The Judge adopted an all-or-nothing approach towards declaring the
beneficial owner of D’Leedon Property because Ms Wei had regarded Mr Lyu’s
financial contributions as a pledge of love towards her. This led to the Judge
remarking that “[n]either party has contended that there is any question of
shared ownership of the beneficial interest of any particular asset”.

18\. However, regardless of Ms Wei’s genuine expectations during the
relationship, the question of donative intent must be answered from Mr Lyu’s
perspective. From the contemporaneous documents and Mr Lyu’s oral testimony
itself, there is sufficient basis for the Court to draw the conclusion that Mr
Lyu intended to benefit Ms Wei.

19\. To this extent, Ms Wei seeks leave under Order 56A Rule 9(5)(b) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) to introduce the new point that Mr
Lyu had the donative intent to benefit her with at least 50% beneficial
interest in the D’Leedon Property.

[emphasis in original in underline; emphasis added in italics]

13 On this footing, Ms Wei claimed that the evidence should be read to
disclose a donative intention on Mr Lyu’s part to benefit Ms Wei with at least
50% of the beneficial interest in the D’Leedon apartment. In respect of this,
Ms Wei recognised that this was not an issue canvassed at trial given that her
case was that the money had been gifted to her wholly. She thus stated that
she was seeking this court’s leave under O 56A r 9(5)(b) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) to raise this as a “new point” on appeal. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at para 19.

ORDER 56A

APPEALS TO APPELLATE DIVISION

…

Preparation of Cases (O. 56A, r. 9)

…

(5) If a party —

(a) is abandoning any point taken in the Court below; or

(b) intends to apply in the course of the hearing for leave to introduce a new
point not taken in the Court below,

this should be stated clearly in the Case, and if the new point mentioned in
sub-paragraph (b) involves the introduction of fresh evidence, this should
also be stated clearly in the Case and an application for leave must be made
under Rule 17 to adduce the fresh evidence.

14 Preliminarily, it bears calling to attention that the Appellant’s Case only
expressly sought leave under O 56A r 9(5)(b) in respect of the claim
concerning the D’Leedon apartment. In Mr Lyu’s Respondent’s Case, it was
pointed out to us, however, that Ms Wei had made similar arguments in respect
of the Car, the Cairnhill option as well as the Marne Road shop in her
Appellant’s Case. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Respondent’s Case (30 May 2022) at para 65.

Issue was taken with this, and, in response, Mr Rai made three arguments.
First, O 56A r 9(5)(b) uses the phrase “intends to apply in the course of the
hearing”. Relying on this phrase, Mr Rai submitted that the court’s leave is
not sought in the Appellant’s Case itself. Rather, it is sought at the
hearing, and the requirement that an intention to seek such leave be stated in
the Appellant’s Case served the more limited function of giving the opposing
party notice. Mr Rai cited The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National
Asia Re Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 121 (“The Oriental Insurance”) at [27], where
the Court of Appeal permitted the appellant to raise a new point on the basis
that “adequate notice” had been given to the respondent. Second, it was clear
that Mr Lyu had adequate notice because, in his Respondent’s Case, he did in
fact respond to the “new point” in relation to the Car, the Cairnhill option
as well as the Marne Road shop. Lastly, in any event, the Appellant’s Skeletal
Arguments made clear that O 56A r 9(5)(b) leave was being sought for all four
assets, not just the D’Leedon apartment. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments (20 Jun 2022) at paras 8–9.

15 At the hearing, we invited Mr Lyu’s counsel, Mr Lok Vi Ming SC (“Mr Lok”),
to respond to these points. After an initial exchange, Mr Lok conceded that –
although the Appellant’s Case did not specifically seek the court’s leave to
do so – Mr Rai could still seek leave at the hearing to raise Ms Wei’s new
point in respect of the Car, the Cairnhill option and the Marne Road shop.
This was a fair concession from a reasonable construction of O 56A r 9(5)(b).
Order 56A r 9(5)(b) and the authorities do not preclude a party from seeking
leave to raise a “new point” at the hearing of the appeal even when the “new
point” had been omitted (as the case may be) in an appellant’s or respondent’s
written case on appeal. The court’s overarching concern is that the other side
is not ambushed by a “new point” raised late at the oral hearing. That being
said, it should go without saying that allowing an appellant or respondent to
seek leave is not the grant of leave itself.

16 We turn to the following sentence in O 56A r 9(5)(b): “[i]f a party intends
to apply in the course of the hearing for leave to introduce a new point not
taken in the Court below, this should be stated clearly in the Case” [emphasis
added]. The question is whether the word “should” ought to be construed as a
strict condition-precedent for seeking leave. In our view, the word “should”
need not be interpreted as a condition-precedent for leave to be sought. This
would be an unnecessary constraint; after all, even if the court permits an
appellant or respondent to apply for leave in respect of a “new point” which
was not included in their written case, it does not follow that leave will be
granted. Indeed, appellants or respondents who omit to state their intention
to seek leave under O 56A r 9(5)(b) clearly in their written cases do so at
their own peril. As The Oriental Insurance shows, the adequacy of notice is a
relevant factor which the appellate court will take into account when
assessing whether leave ought to be granted. Failing to indicate even one’s
basic intention to seek leave under O 56A r 9(5)(b) will, in most cases, be
fatal to the application for leave. Put differently, if an appellant or
respondent fails to state his intention to apply for leave in his written
case, and yet comes before an appellate court to seek such leave, he should be
prepared to provide a very good explanation for his omission.

17 In this case, Mr Rai confirmed at the hearing that Ms Wei was seeking leave
to raise her “new point” (see [12]–[13] above) not just in respect of the
D’Leedon apartment, but also the Car, the Cairnhill option and Marne Road
shop. Therefore, the crucial issue which was before us in respect of the
appeal concerning the first group of claims was whether Ms Wei should be
granted leave to raise her “new point”. In fact, this was the sole issue which
needed to be determined because the Appellant’s Case 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at paras 12–61 and 92–97.

and Skeletal Arguments 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments (20 Jun 2022) at paras 7–26.

did not – subject to the clarification stated at [11] above – raise any other
points which required our consideration in the event that leave was not
granted in respect of the “new point”. At the hearing, we sought Mr Rai’s
confirmation that this was an accurate understanding of the case on appeal,
and he confirmed that it was. Accordingly, it was agreed that if Ms Wei’s
application for leave was denied, her entire appeal against the Judge’s
decision on the first group of claims would fall away.

18 For completeness, and before we move on to set out the grounds of Ms Wei’s
appeal in respect of the second group of claims, we turn to comment on two
matters. First, in this case, Mr Lyu had ample notice of Ms Wei’s intention to
raise her “new point” in relation to all four assets. As stated, the
Respondent’s Case responded to Ms Wei’s new point. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Respondent’s Case (30 May 2022) at paras 95–111 and 133–137.

Secondly, we propose to explain the Court of Appeal’s decision in Bintai
Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and another [2019] 2 SLR 295 (“Bintai”).
There, it was remarked that, because of the appellant’s failure to seek the
court’s leave to raise the new point in issue, its arguments on the point
“could be dismissed on [that] basis alone” (at [66]). Before his concession
(see [15] above), Mr Lok initially relied on this decision to resist Ms Wei’s
attempt to raise her “new point” in relation to the Car, the Cairnhill option
and the Marne Road shop, beyond the D’Leedon apartment. However, the appellant
in Bintai simply did not seek the court’s leave, whether in writing or at the
hearing (at [65]). As can be seen from the paragraphs above, this is distinct
from the present case. We therefore make clear that there is a difference
between omitting to indicate one’s intention to seek leave under O 56A r
9(5)(b) and failing entirely to seek the court’s leave to raise a new point
whether in writing or orally. As stated at [16] above, the former counts
against the application for leave (which may still be made); but the latter,
as the Court of Appeal held in Bintai, may result in the dismissal of the new
point without anything further.

The second group of claims

19 This brings us to the second group of claims. In respect of these, Ms Wei
challenges the legal bases by which the Judge arrived at his conclusions. More
specifically, that he erred in determining that there was sufficient evidence
to meet the relevant legal thresholds for establishing the Quistclose trusts
(see the Judgment at [28]) or loan agreement he found to have existed (see the
Judgment at [33]). For good order, Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose Investments
Ltd [1970] AC 567 (“Quistclose”), the namesake decision which established this
as a type of trust, should be cited.

20 In respect of the claims concerning the first clinic investment and the US
surrogacy, the Judge had determined that either a Quistclose trust existed or
a restitutionary claim for unjust enrichment was established (see the Judgment
at [75] and [76]). In the appeal, Ms Wei’s first contention was that there was
not enough evidence to show that Mr Lyu intended for the funds he transferred
to be applied exclusively to those purposes. On this basis, she submitted that
a Quistclose trust could not have arisen because, as the Judge himself
recognised (see the Judgment at [27]), such exclusivity of purpose is a
crucial requirement for this type of trust to arise. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at paras 62–77.

Her second contention, in relation to the finding that Mr Lyu had an
alternative restitutionary claim, was that the Judge had failed to consider
her defence that there had been a change in her position. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments (20 Jun 2022) at para 33.

21 The issue which Ms Wei took with the claim relating to the second clinic
investment is the same; that no Quistclose trust could have arisen on the
facts given the lack of evidence demonstrating Mr Lyu’s intended purpose for
the transfer, much less an exclusive purpose. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at paras 98–102.

There was, however, a difference between this and the claims relating to the
first clinic investment and the US surrogacy. As stated, in respect of the
first clinic investment and the US surrogacy claims, the Judge expressly
formulated his decision either on the basis of a Quistclose trust or unjust
enrichment. The legal basis of the Judge’s decision in respect of the second
clinic investment, by contrast, was less clear. All the Judge said in this
connection was that the transfer made to Ms Wei was “not a gift” but “for the
purpose” of the second clinic investment. Thus, “when the purpose of the
transfer failed, Ms Wei had to return [the money] to him” (see the Judgment at
[89]). This could be understood as being premised on a Quistclose trust, but
the precise legal basis into which this translates is not wholly clear.

22 Last was the claim concerning the application for Grenadian citizenship.
The Judge resolved this claim on the basis that Mr Lyu and Ms Wei had entered
into a loan agreement. On appeal, Ms Wei contended that there was not enough
evidence to demonstrate that Mr Lyu intended to create a creditor-debtor
relationship which carried with it the “expectation that the amount
transferred would be repayable on demand”. For these propositions as to the
specific intention required to create a contract of loan, she referred to the
decisions of Toh Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina [2020] SGHC 65 (“Toh Eng Tiah”) at
[60] and E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and others
and another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 32 at [54]. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at paras 78–91.

23 From this, we saw that the broad issue which Ms Wei’s appeal raised in
connection with the second groups of claims was whether the Judge erred in
determining that the facts and evidence before him satisfied the relevant
legal thresholds of the doctrines underpinning his decision, specifically,
those of a Quistclose trust and a loan agreement.

Our decision

The first group of claims

24 We did not grant leave for Ms Wei’s “new point” to be raised on appeal,
and, given what we stated at [17] above, her appeal in respect of the four
claims in the first group was dismissed.

25 In our judgment, Ms Wei mischaracterised her application under O 56A r
9(5)(b) as one to raise a new “point” when, in fact, what she sought to do was
to advance a new case which had not been put before the Judge (see also the
Judgment at [25]). Mr Rai confirmed that Ms Wei’s case at trial was not that
she was entitled to a share of the money transferred by Mr Lyu, but rather,
that she was entitled to it wholly and without conditions. Our own review of
the Defence also satisfied us that Ms Wei’s position on appeal was not that
which she had pleaded. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) (26 Feb 2021) at paras 6, 9–10, 12, 21 and 26.

26 Two factors have led us to the conclusion that this new, so-called “point”
should not be considered on appeal. First, the assertion that Mr Lyu’s
transfers of funds were wholly gifts, and that the assets purchased in her
name were also wholly gifts, was fundamentally at odds with the assertion that
the transfers were for their joint benefit, of which Ms Wei is entitled to
share in a part. Ms Wei’s case on appeal asserted quite a particular state of
mind and it is one which the parties and the Judge should have had the
opportunity to explore fully at trial. Whilst Mr Rai stated that Ms Wei did
not need to adduce further evidence, and that she was content to rely on the
record of appeal before the court, Mr Lyu certainly did not take the same
position.

27 We preferred Mr Lyu’s position that rightly called for evidence to have
been adduced and tested. Even if Ms Wei was content to rely on the record of
appeal, we did not consider this to be appropriate. The evidence which she
presented to the Judge needed to be tested in cross-examination with reference
to the specific case she sought to advance on appeal. Conversely, as Mr Lok
argued, it was also important for Mr Lyu to have had an opportunity to explain
the messages exchanged between himself and Ms Wei, again, specifically in the
context of her claim that such messages evinced an intention to share the sums
transferred and assets acquired in a proportion which saw Ms Wei receiving at
least 50%. We accepted Mr Lok’s submission. As the Judge very aptly put, the
parties’ messages were “written in the language of love: larded with vows,
suffused with sacrifice and stirred from time to time by anger or resentment.
Such language is not always easy to render into the dry language of property
law” (the Judgment at [2]). Our considered view was that it would have been
prejudicial to Mr Lyu for us to have applied our lens to these exchanges
without the parties’ explanations provided in the context that was different
from their respective pleaded cases.

28 Second, and demonstrative of the first factor above, Ms Wei did not explain
how she derived the 50% figure she asserted (see [12]–[13] above). We were not
concerned with a division of matrimonial assets, and it was not for parties to
simply suggest a figure which they considered would represent a just and
equitable division of assets, nor was it the court’s function to make this
assessment. Ms Wei needed to prove that Mr Lyu specifically intended for her
to receive the benefit of at least 50% of the monies he had transferred. Given
her case at trial (see [6] above), this was simply not an issue which would
have crossed the minds of the parties and the Judge. There was therefore
inadequate evidence that could shed light on the specific proportion of the
share Mr Lyu allegedly intended Ms Wei to have, and the case which Ms Wei
raised on appeal before us could not be determined.

29 These two factors were, in our judgment, sufficient to dismiss Ms Wei’s
appeal in respect of the first group of claims. However, we should also
highlight the Court of Appeal’s decision in JWR Pte Ltd v Edmond Pereira Law
Corp and another [2020] 2 SLR 744. There, the appellant attempted to advance a
new case on appeal (see [25]), and the apex court regarded such conduct as an
abuse of the appeal process. The court noted that the appellant was not
seeking to challenge the trial judge’s decision, with which it was
dissatisfied; instead, by its new case, it was effectively seeking to conduct
a second trial. To this, the court said (at [32]):

… We have reminded counsel in various appeals that they should not be coming
before the Court of Appeal as if it were a second trial court and we hope we
do not need to sound the same admonition against such abuse of the appeal
process for future appeals.

30 At the hearing, we brought Mr Rai’s attention to this decision and invited
submissions on where Ms Wei’s O 56A r 9(5)(b) fell between the line of raising
a new “point” and advancing an entirely new “case”. His submissions were
directed at, but were not in our view, even remotely able to overcome the
points we have made at [26]–[28] above. As stated, her application was, quite
plainly, an attempt to advance a wholly new case, not merely a new point.

31 In suitable cases, new points may be allowed on appeal. That being said,
the appellant courts are guarded against parties who seek to raise such points
inappropriately. The reason why leave is required in respect of a new point
which a lower court did not have the opportunity to consider was put in a most
careful and measured way by the learned Lord Chancellor, Lord Birkenhead in
North Staffordshire Railway Company v Edge [1920] AC 254 at 263–264:

[T]here are very few cases of which it can be confidently stated that a
failure to raise a relevant contention at the appropriate stage will not
prejudice the other litigant. … I do not think it necessary to point out that
this suggestion may possibly in another case require qualification or
consideration, … [b]ut I desire to draw attention to a consideration which in
my view is both more general and more important. The appellate system in this
country is conducted in relation to certain well-known principles and by
familiar methods. The issues of fact and law are orally presented by counsel.
In the course of the argument it is the invariable practice of appellate
tribunals to require that the judgments of the judges in the Courts below
shall be read. The efficiency and the authority of a Court of Appeal, and
especially of a final Court of Appeal, are increased and strengthened by the
opinions of learned judges who have considered these matters below. To
acquiesce in such an attempt as the appellants have made in this case is in
effect to undertake decisions which may be of the highest importance without
having received any assistance at all from the Judges in the Courts below. I
have carefully examined the cases upon the subject which have been decided in
this House, and my examination of them has led me more and more to the
conclusion that such attempts must be vigilantly examined and seldom indulged.

[emphasis added]

32 In the same vein, the Court of Appeal in Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd [2006] 4 SLR(R) 571
at [15] – to which Mr Lok referred us – cited the House of Lords’ decision in
The Owners of the Ship “Tasmania” and the Owners of the Freight v Smith and
others, The Owners of the Ship “City of Corinth” (The “Tasmania”) (1890) 15
App Cas 223 with approval. There, the learned Lord Herschell said (at 225):

My Lords, I think that a point such as this, not taken at the trial, and
presented for the first time in the Court of Appeal, ought to be most
jealously scrutinised. The conduct of a cause at the trial is governed by, and
the questions asked of the witnesses are directed to, the points then
suggested. And it is obvious that no care is exercised in the elucidation of
facts not material to them.

It appears to me that under these circumstances a Court of Appeal ought only
to decide in favour of an appellant on a ground there put forward for the
first time, if it be satisfied beyond doubt, first, that it has before it all
the facts bearing upon the new contention, as completely as would have been
the case if the controversy had arisen at the trial; and next, that no
satisfactory explanation could have been offered by those whose conduct is
impugned if an opportunity for explanation had been afforded them when in the
witness box.

33 Given the cautious approach the appellate courts take even towards the
introduction of new points, there is no room for entirely new cases to be
raised on appeal. Given that the latter was what Ms Wei sought to advance
before us in respect of the first group of claims, we firmly dismissed her
appeal in this regard, which we emphasise was an abuse of the appeal process.

The second group of claims

34 We turn next to our decision in respect of the second group of claims.

The first clinic investment and the US surrogacy

35 As regards the claims relating to the first clinic investment and the US
surrogacy, we deal first with Ms Wei’s submission that the Judge erred in
determining that a Quistclose trust arose. As stated at [20] above, her
essential complaint was that the Judge took too loose an understanding of the
requirement of “exclusivity” of purpose. Given this, the first question we
needed to answer was what precisely such “exclusivity” entailed, and how it
needed to be proven. Ms Wei referred us to two cases in this connection. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at para 68.

36 The first was Toh Eng Tiah, where no Quistclose trust was found to have
arisen on the facts (at [145]), but where the learned Andrew Ang SJ stated at
[144]:

144 Notwithstanding differing views as to the nature of the trust, for a
Quistclose trust to arise there must at the very least be a specified purpose
for which the property was advanced and a restriction on the recipient’s
disposition of the property. As Lord Millett observed ([Twinsectra Ltd v
Yardley [2002] 2 AC 164] at [73]–[74]):

73 A Quistclose trust does not necessarily arise merely because money is paid
for a particular purpose. A lender will often inquire into the purpose for
which a loan is sought in order to decide whether he would be justified in
making it. He may be said to lend the money for the purpose in question, but
this is not enough to create a trust; once lent the money is at the free
disposal of the borrower. Similarly payments in advance for goods or services
are paid for a particular purpose, but such payments do not ordinarily create
a trust. The money is intended to be at the free disposal of the supplier and
may be used as part of his cashflow. Commercial life would be impossible if
this were not the case.

74 The question in every case is whether the parties intended the money to be
at the free disposal of the recipient: In re Goldcorp Exchange Ltd [1995] 1 AC
74, 100 per Lord Mustill. His freedom to dispose of the money is necessarily
excluded by an arrangement that the money shall be used exclusively for the
stated purpose …

[emphasis in original omitted]

37 The second case was Quistclose itself, which involved a loan with the
express stipulation that it would “only be used” for a particular purpose due
on a particular date (Quistclose at 569D).

38 Relying just on these decisions to establish the relevant legal threshold
that the Judge supposedly ought to have borne in mind when determining whether
a Quistclose trust arose, the Appellant’s Case then turned its attention to
the evidence on record. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at paras 69–77.

The approach which Mr Rai took at the oral hearing before us mirrored Ms Wei’s
written case. He placed emphasis on the broad threshold requirements; namely,
that Mr Lyu needed to establish that the transfers he made to Ms Wei were for
a specified, exclusive purpose, and, on the flip side, that the money
transferred was not at her free disposal. Mr Lok’s approach was similar to
that taken by Mr Rai. When we questioned him on this issue at the hearing, he
accepted that Mr Lyu bore the burden of proving the specific and exclusive
purpose or purposes for which the transfers to Ms Wei were made. However, he
did not elaborate on what was necessary to demonstrate “specificity”,
“exclusivity” and the absence of a right of “free disposal”, for a Quistclose
trust to arise. Instead, like Mr Rai, his submissions focused on the
characterisation of the objective evidence on record. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Respondent’s Case (20 May 2022) at paras 112–122.

39 Although this general statement of the law was not inaccurate, it was
somewhat superficial and that, we thought, was slightly unfortunate. We fully
appreciated that the underlying dispute was to be resolved on the available
evidence in this case. However, even so, it would still have behoved counsel
for both parties to have referred us to more precise authorities demonstrating
the degree of evidential rigour to which prior courts have subjected
plaintiffs seeking to assert a Quistclose trust. Though the notions of
“specific purpose”, “exclusivity” and the absence of a right of “free
disposal” are clear indications of a trust, they can accommodate considerable
ambiguity in respect of the amount and quality of evidence which courts ought
to require of plaintiffs.

40 For example, in Eleftheriou and others v Costi and another [2013] EWHC 2168
(Ch), Mr Simon Barker QC (sitting as a judge of the High Court) considered it
a “fatal blow” that the transferors failed to stipulate that the transferee
keep the money he received in a separate bank account (at [71]). Conversely,
in Re English & American Insurance Co Ltd [1994] 1 BCLC 649, Harman J was
persuaded that a trust arose over certain funds held by an insolvent insurance
company, crucially, because the agreement governing the company’s receipt of
those funds provided not only that they be applied exclusively to the purposes
set out in the agreement, but also that they be segregated. In a more general
vein, Watkins LJ in R v Clowes and another (No 2) [1994] 2 All ER 316 (“Clowes
(No 2)”) quoted a passage from the decision of Channell J in Henry v Hammond
[1913] 2 KB 515 at 521:

It is clear that if the terms upon which the person receives the money are
that he is bound to keep it separate, either in a bank or elsewhere, and to
hand that money so kept as a separate fund to the person entitled to it, then
he is a trustee of that money and must hand it over to the person who is his
cestui que trust. If on the other hand he is not bound to keep the money
separate, but is entitled to mix it with his own money and deal with it as he
pleases, and when called upon to hand over an equivalent sum of money, then,
in my opinion, he is not a trustee of the money, but merely a debtor. All the
authorities seem to me to be consistent with that statement of the law. I
agree with the observation of Bramwell L.J. in New Zealand and Australian Land
Co. v. Watson [(1881) 7 QBD 374] when he said that he would be very sorry to
see the intricacies and doctrines connected with trusts introduced into
commercial transactions.

41 Affirming this, Watkins LJ suggested that the following approach be adopted
– in cases like these – to determine whether a trust might have arisen over
funds which are transferred in connection with some specified purpose or use
(Clowes (No 2) at 325):

Those propositions of Channell J have stood the test of time. … As to
segregation of funds, the effect of the authorities seems to be that a
requirement to keep moneys separate is normally an indicator that they are
impressed with a trust, and that the absence of such a requirement, if there
are no other indicators of a trust, normally negatives it. The fact that a
transaction contemplates the mingling of funds is, therefore, not necessarily
fatal to a trust.

[emphasis added]

42 The learned authors of Snell’s Equity (John McGhee and Steven Elliott gen
eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2020) (“Snell”) also appear to give particular
credence to the quality of the inference drawn (as to the transferor’s
intention to preclude the transferee’s free disposal) where the transfer is
made upon the condition that the money be segregated (see para 25-034):

A’s intention needs to be communicated to B so that it is clear to B that the
monies must be returned if A’s purpose cannot be fulfilled. It is not fatal to
finding the required intention that A contemplates that the money may
eventually be mingled with B’s general funds. But a requirement that the money
is to be kept unmixed in a special account strengthens the inference that B
does not have it at his free disposal, and that he is not a simple contract
debtor. Unless A’s intention to restrict B’s free disposal of the money is
demonstrated, then the money ordinarily belongs beneficially to B. This is
consistent with the true default position that the transfer of the legal title
ordinarily carries with it the beneficial interest.

[emphasis added; footnotes omitted]

43 We note from Watkins LJ’s speech as well as Snell that there is, at least
strictly speaking, no need for segregation to infer the necessary intention
for a Quistclose trust to arise. However, the frequency with which it appears
in the reasoning of judges – indeed, segregation was part of the factual
matrix of Quistclose itself – seems to suggest not only that it carries a
particular weight, but also, that there exists a relatively high evidential
burden to prove that segregation was at least contemplated.

44 That said, it does not seem to us that the courts have uniformly applied
the same, generally rigorous expectations of proof. The most useful example is
the leading decision of Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley [2002] 2 AC 164
(“Twinsectra”). There, a solicitor, Leach, was engaged to act for Yardley in
connection with the purchase of land. To complete the purchase, Yardley needed
to borrow £1m. Twinsectra was willing to lend this sum subject to the
provision of certain undertakings. Twinsectra did not deal with Yardley but
instead, another firm of solicitors, Sims & Roper of Dorset (“Sims”), whom
Yardley separately instructed because Leach was unwilling to provide the
undertakings required by Twinsectra. Sims provided Twinsectra with the
undertakings it sought and, in turn, they received £1m. The terms of the
undertaking Sims provided were:

1\. The loan moneys will be retained by [Sims] until such time as they are
applied in the acquisition of property on behalf of [Mr Yardley]. 2. The loan
moneys will be utilised solely for the acquisition of property on behalf of
[Mr Yardley] and for no other purpose. 3. [Sims] will repay to [Twinsectra]
the said sum of £1m together with interest calculated at the rate of £657.53
per day … such repayment to be made [within four calendar months after receipt
of the loan moneys by [Sims]].

45 In breach of these undertakings, Sims paid the money to Leach upon
receiving Yardley’s assurance that the money would be applied to purchase the
relevant property. Leach also did not take steps to ensure that the money was
used solely to complete the purchase; instead, he released the funds to
Yardley on his instructions. In consequence, Yardley applied around £360,000
of the borrowed funds to purposes other than the purchase of the property.
Twinsectra’s essential claim was that Sims held the £1m on trust, and had
breached that trust when it paid it out to Leach contrary to the terms of its
undertaking. Leach, in connection, was said to have dishonestly assisted Sims’
breach of that trust.

46 In the High Court, Carnwath J (as he then was) rejected the contention that
Sims held the money on trust for Twinsectra for want of certainty of intention
and object. In his view, the “vague terms” of the undertaking did not disclose
an intention to create a trust, and it also did not specify the particular
property to which the £1m could have been validly applied (Twinsectra at [14]
per Lord Hoffmann). The Court of Appeal reversed this decision and also found
that Leach had acted dishonestly. Leach was the only appellant to the House of
Lords, and he contended that the Court of Appeal had erred in finding him
liable for dishonest assistance. The Lords overturned the Court of Appeal on
the issue of dishonest assistance, but more pertinent for present purposes,
Lord Millett did not agree with Carnwath J that the terms of the undertaking
were vague. On the contrary, he said at [75]:

In the present case paragraphs 1 and 2 of the undertaking are crystal clear.
Mr Sims undertook that the money would be used solely for the acquisition of
property and for no other purpose; and was to be retained by his firm until so
applied. It would not be held by Mr Sims simply to Mr Yardley’s order; and it
would not be at Mr Yardley's free disposition. Any payment by Mr Sims of the
money, whether to Mr Yardley or anyone else, otherwise than for the
acquisition of property would constitute a breach of trust.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

47 Then, in rounding off on this issue, his Lordship said at [99]:

… There is clearly a wide range of situations in which the parties enter into
a commercial arrangement which permits one party to have a limited use of the
other’s money for a stated purpose, is not free to apply it for any other
purpose, and must return it if for any reason the purpose cannot be carried
out. The arrangement between the purchaser’s solicitor and the purchaser’s
mortgagee is an example of just such an arrangement. All such arrangements
should if possible be susceptible to the same analysis.

[emphasis added]

48 A question to which Twinsectra gives rise, however, is whether – in this
“wide range” of circumstances by which parties may restrict the purposes for
which transferred monies may be used – there needs to be an express
declaration or agreement that the money is only to be used for an exclusive
purpose (or purposes). In Twinsectra, it was undertaken that “[t]he loan
moneys [would] be utilised solely for the acquisition of property” (see [44]
above). Similarly, in Re EVTR, Gilbert and another v Barber [1987] BCLC 646
(“Re EVTR”), a case cited by Lord Millett in Twinsectra at [89], money was
advanced to solicitors with written authority to release the money “for the
sole purpose of buying new equipment” (see 650a–b).

49 Again, it appears, the authorities do not all point one way. In Templeton
Insurance Ltd v Penningtons Solicitors LLP and others [2006] EWHC 685 (Ch)
(“Templeton”), the defendant solicitors also provided an undertaking on behalf
of their client to secure a loan of £500,000. A term of this undertaking
provided that, “[i]f completion of the purchase [was] delayed for more than 14
days the said sum [would] be placed in a designated client deposit account to
earn interest for you until completion” (at [3]). Lewison J (as he then was)
considered it “plain” from this undertaking – particularly, the words “for
you” – that a Quistclose trust arose (at [7]). The undertaking there was
certainly not as forthright as those in Twinsectra or Re EVTR, and thus, it
appears that the evidential threshold which Lewison J had in mind was not
particularly high. No expression of specific intention was required, and the
learned judge was content to infer the requisite intention from the broader
formulation of the solicitors’ undertaking. Evans-Lombe J seemed to take a
similar view in Cooper v PRG Powerhouse Ltd and others [2008] 2 All ER (Comm)
964 (“Cooper”). There, he suggested (at [15]) that it was sufficient to show
“that the arrangement pursuant to which the payment was made defined the
purpose for which it was made in such a way that it was understood by the
recipient that it was not at his free disposal” [emphasis added].

50 The learned authors of Underhill and Hayton: Law of Trusts and Trustees
(Charles Mitchell, Paul Matthews, Jonathan Harris & Sinéad Agnew eds)
(LexisNexis, 20th Ed, 2022) – drawing cases like Templeton and Cooper
together, amongst others – suggest generally that (at para 27.6):

To bring a case within the scope of the … Quistclose principle it seems the
parties need not have expressly agreed that the money should be applied for a
‘sole purpose’ or ‘exclusive purpose’, provided that this is the substance of
their arrangement, and that it was understood by the borrower that the money
was not at his free disposal. Nor does it matter if the relevant purpose is
couched in broad terms … or described more precisely, provided that it is
expressed sufficiently clearly for a court to be able to say of any
application of the money that it does or does not fall within the terms of the
power given to the borrower. …

[footnotes omitted]

51 The long and short of the foregoing discussion is this. By requiring less
or more evidence of a lower or higher quality, the court may circumscribe or
expand the applicability of the Quistclose trust doctrine. The place at which
one lands in this regard depends on the position from which one begins. Cases
in which Quistclose trusts have typically been asserted are those involving
loans for a particular purpose, with the dispute arising because the borrower
does not apply the funds to that specific purpose and later becoming
insolvent. One may view cases like these with a certain scepticism and be
concerned that what the party asserting the Quistclose is trying to do, is
circumvent ordinary priority in insolvency. If so, one is more likely to apply
a rigorous evidential lens, but, even then, as the foregoing discussion shows,
not all courts have chosen to begin their analysis from this position even in
commercial cases involving insolvency.

52 This brings us back to the present case. If the extent of evidential rigour
to which even commercial cases have been subjected has not been uniformly
high, there must necessarily be less room for such rigour in cases like the
present involving voluntary transfers of money between individuals in a
private non-commercial setting. The law has traditionally taken a sceptical
view of such transfers; for example, by shifting the evidential burden of
proof, as in the operation of the presumed resulting trust. Alternatively, it
may – as was appropriate in this case – require less by way of rigorous proof
that money transferred was not intended to be a gift, but rather, to be used
exclusively for specified purposes such that the recipient did not have free
disposal of the money transferred.

53 Seen through this lens, we were satisfied that the evidence presented by Mr
Lyu made out a Quistclose trust in respect of the money he transferred to be
used in connection with the first clinic investment and the US surrogacy. We
were persuaded by the fact that Ms Wei was the one who asked Mr Lyu to
transfer her some money to be spent on three items: (a) the first clinic
investment; (b) the US surrogacy; and (c) the Cairnhill option. Initially, Mr
Lyu expressed concerns over the amount of money he was spending on their
relationship in general. In response, Ms Wei persuaded him that she was being
as effective as possible in her usage of the funds, stating that the cost of
the US surrogacy alone was initially S$1.4 million, but that she had managed
to allocate this sum towards all three items. Her salient messages read: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Record of Appeal (Vol 3B) at pp 194–197.

The costs of clinic, the down payment of the new house and the surrogacy in
the United States would need about one million Singapore dollars! At first,
only the clinic would need 1.4 million Singapore dollars! I broke it down into
three things!

…

If you decided to go to bank this afternoon, I will finish many things on
Monday! If you don’t want to do that or you feel huge pressure, you can tell
me directly! Then we stop planning everything! And I can find the right
direction! Because I was alone but I need to think about everything for us!
Your acceptance could reduce my pressure ...

54 Mr Lyu responded that she was asking for around RMB 7 million and that it
was applying too much pressure on him financially. After some back and forth,
Ms Wei then said: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Record of Appeal (Vol 3B) at pp 197–205.

To do the three matters with 5 million yuan! If you agree, we can do them
according to my plan! If you don’t, I will not do anything! From now on, I
will do nothing for you! You mind your businesses, and I mind mine!

55 Mr Lyu continued to maintain that Ms Wei was asking for too much money,
replying to her above message with the following: “Don’t push me, I prefer to
do them one by one”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Record of Appeal (Vol 3B) at p 205.

These messages were exchanged on 10 March 2017. Subsequently, after a period
of silence, on 29 March 2017, the couple spoke on the phone for around 18
minutes and, later that day, Mr Lyu proceeded to transfer Ms Wei RMB 4
million. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Record of Appeal (Vol 3B) at pp 206–229.

This amounted to the approximate S$800,000 which was spent on the first clinic
investment, US surrogacy and Cairnhill option (see the Judgment at [72] and
[78]).

56 In our judgment, this was sufficient to establish an intention on the part
of Mr Lyu, that the RMB 4 million he transferred was to be used only for the
three purposes discussed, and was not to be at the free disposal of Ms Wei.
His initial resistance to the quantum Ms Wei was requesting, and the gradual
reductions in her requests are particularly indicative of such intention.
Therefore, given that it was common ground between the parties that neither
the first clinic investment nor the US surrogacy was proceeded with, the
purpose of Mr Lyu’s transfer failed in those respects, and Ms Wei therefore
held those sums on a Quistclose trust for him.

57 At the hearing, Mr Rai took us through certain communications which seemed
to demonstrate that Mr Lyu was aware that Ms Wei had used some of this RMB 4
million for other purposes, and he did not raise any objection. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s Case (18 Apr 2022) at para 69.

This, Mr Rai submitted, suggested that Mr Lyu did not intend the money to be
applied exclusively for the three items; after all, if he had such an
intention, one would expect him to express at least some objection. To be
clear, Mr Rai was not suggesting that Mr Lyu’s subsequent passivity should be
construed as a waiver of the trust, or an estoppel by conduct. His submission
was that Mr Lyu’s subsequent conduct ought to inform our inference of his
intention at the point of the transfer. We did not accept this. In our view,
the exchanges between Mr Lyu and Ms Wei before the transfer supported the
stronger inference as to Mr Lyu’s intention than his subsequent lack of
objection to Ms Wei using the money transferred for other purposes.

58 Although we dismissed Ms Wei’s contention that the Judge erred in
determining that a Quistclose trust arose in respect of the money transferred
for the first clinic investment and the US surrogacy, and this was sufficient
to affirm the Judge’s decision on these claims, for completeness, we should
address the alternative basis for the Judge’s decision. As stated at [20]
above, the Judge offered two legal bases for his decision: a Quistclose trust
or a claim for unjust enrichment. In respect of the latter, Ms Wei contended
that the Judge failed to consider her defence that her position had changed.
Indeed, at [32] of the Judgment, the Judge noted that she raised this, but
only briefly stated that “it would not be inequitable” for Ms Wei to repay the
sums of money to Mr Lyu for the first clinic and the US surrogacy ([75] and
[76] of the Judgment). However, there was no discussion of the defence in the
Judgment. That being said, Ms Wei did not go further in this appeal than the
bare assertion that she had raised the defence. She only made mention of the
Judge’s failure to consider the defence in one line of her Skeletal Arguments,
and the submission did not feature in her Appellant’s Case. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments (20 Jun 2022) at para 33.

There was therefore little we could make of this point and, accordingly, it
was not a reason to disturb the Judge’s alternative basis for his decision in
respect of these two claims.

The second clinic investment

59 Next is the appeal regarding the second clinic investment. We noted at [21]
above that the precise legal basis of the Judge’s decision was not clear.
Accordingly, we referred to the pleadings. It is most convenient to set out
the relevant paragraphs of Mr Lyu’s Statement of Claim and Reply concerning
the second clinic investment, as well as Ms Wei’s Defence, in full:

Statement of Claim

…

15\. With respect to the monies of RMB 500,000 (approx. SGD 100,000) to be
applied towards the purchase of a clinic in Singapore sometime in May 2018,
the planned purchase had never materialised. Of the RMB 500,000 intended to
have been applied towards the first tranche of the payment of SGD 100,000, the
Plaintiff has secured the benefit of SGD 60,000 and the remainder SGD 40,000
was borrowed by the Defendant who promised to repay the same. The sum of SGD
40,000 is due and payable by the Defendant to the Plaintiff.

…

Defence

…

10(j). Wei eventually found the investment at the dental clinic to be
unsuitable, as Lyu did not succeed in obtaining an employment pass despite two
attempts. As such, she did not proceed with the purchase. Lyu was kept
informed of Wei’s decision, and did not request for any part of the monetary
gifts back.

…

Reply

…

11(h). Paragraph 10(j) of the Defence is not admitted. The Plaintiff avers
that he had requested for the return of the monies and the Defendant had
returned the sum of S$60,000.00 to the Plaintiff's possession when he
requested for the same and the remainder S$40,000.00 was borrowed by the
Defendant who promised to repay the same.

…

60 It can be seen from the quoted pleadings that in Mr Lyu’s Statement of
Claim, he averred that the money transferred was “to be applied towards the
purchase of a clinic in Singapore”, but that this planned purchase “never
materialised”. This seemed to suggest that he was asserting the existence of a
Quistclose trust, and indeed, the sole ground on which Ms Wei challenged the
Judge’s decision in respect of this claim was that he erred in determining
that a Quistclose trust had been supportable by the facts before him. However,
we did not agree that this is what Mr Lyu was asserting.

61 It can be seen that later in this same paragraph of his Statement of Claim,
the focus of Mr Lyu shifted. He stated with relative clarity that Ms Wei
returned S$60,000 of the S$100,000 initially transferred but asked to borrow
the remaining S$40,000, to which Mr Lyu agreed on account of the fact that she
“promised to repay the same”. In his Reply, the word “borrowed” was used
again.

62 On balance, we considered that the more accurate reading of Mr Lyu’s
pleadings was that he had been asserting the existence of a loan agreement.
The initial hints of a potential Quistclose trust had to be read with the rest
of his pleadings about a borrowing. A loan being the legal basis of his claim,
the onus lay on him to prove that there existed such an agreement for a loan.
It was not correct for the Judge to determine that the transfer was “not a
gift” and, thereafter, to order the repayment of S$40,000 on the basis that
the “purpose of the transfer failed” (see the Judgment at [89]). As the judge
in Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v Intraco Ltd and others
[1992] 2 SLR(R) 382 stated, citing the decisions of Esso Petroleum Co Ltd v
Southport Corporation [1956] AC 218, Panding v London Brick Co Ltd [1971] 10
KIR 207 and Lloyde v West Midlands Gas Board [1971] 1 WLR 749, “[a] court may
not make a finding or give a decision based on facts not pleaded and a finding
or decision so made will be set aside” (at [24(c)]).

63 The unfortunate effect of Mr Lyu’s convoluted pleaded case is that the
Judge made no finding as to the existence of a loan agreement in connection
with the second clinic investment. Given our reading of the pleadings, such a
finding was needed for Mr Lyu’s claim to succeed and, in its absence, the
claim had no basis to succeed. We accordingly set aside the Judge’s decision
in respect of the second clinic investment.

The application for Grenadian citizenship

64 Finally, we turn to the application for Grenadian citizenship. We did not
accept Ms Wei’s contention that there was insufficient evidential basis for
the Judge to have concluded that there existed a loan agreement. We carefully
considered [79] to [83] of the Judgment and we took the view that the Judge
was accepting Mr Lyu’s evidence over Ms Wei’s. Mr Lyu’s evidence, as set out
in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief – and which he maintained at trial – was
that Ms Wei requested a loan of US$400,000 from him for the purpose of
applying for Grenadian citizenship for herself and her four children. He was
very specific that the money was transferred as a loan. Accepting this account
of the facts – and indeed, nothing raised by Ms Wei reasonably suggested to us
that her account should objectively have been preferred over Mr Lyu’s – there
was a clear and adequate evidential basis for the Judge’s finding that the
transfer of funds used by Ms Wei and her children to obtain Grenadian
citizenship was made pursuant to a loan agreement. On this basis, we dismissed
Ms Wei’s appeal in respect of this claim.

Conclusion

65 In summary, we dismissed Ms Wei’s appeal: (a) for the first group of
claims; and (b) for the second group of claims except for one. For the reasons
at [59]–[63] above, we considered it appropriate to set aside the Judge’s
decision in respect of the second clinic investment and, accordingly, to
reduce the Judge’s order that Ms Wei repay Mr Lyu the sum of S$354,684.22 by
S$40,000. We directed that the remaining orders made by the Judge, as set out
in the Judgment at [94], were to stand.

66 In the round, we observe that there was nothing raised by Ms Wei which
seriously warranted appellate intervention. Half the case she raised on appeal
was a departure from that which was advanced at trial, and the other half
pressed points without suggesting that real errors were made by the Judge. In
the premises, there was no reason for us to find that the Judge had erred in
his findings save for the one claim mentioned above. We awarded Mr Lyu
S$45,000 (all-in) in costs and directed that the usual consequential orders
would apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Mahesh Rai s/o Vedprakash Rai and Samuel Soo Kuok Heng (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the appellant;

Lok Vi Ming SC and Qabir Singh Sandhu (LVM Law Chambers LLC) (instructed),
Chong Xin Yi and Tan Lena (Gloria James Civetta & Co) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Aug 2022 (12:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

