Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCR 10

Bankruptcy No 36 of 2017 (Summons 1730 of 2022 and Summons 2841 of 2022)

Between

(1)| HSBC Bank (Singapore) Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ong Chee Han Jeremy  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Annulment of bankruptcy order]

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Discharge]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
HSBC Bank (Singapore) Ltd

  
v

  

Ong Chee Han Jeremy

[2022] SGHCR 10

General Division of the High Court — Bankruptcy No 36 of 2017 (Summons No 1730
of 2022 and Summons No 2841 of 2022)  
AR Randeep Singh Koonar  
24 May, 21 June and 9 September 2022

10 October 2022 Judgment reserved

AR Randeep Singh Koonar:

Introduction

1 The present applications, Summons No 1730 of 2022 (“Summons 1730”) and
Summons 2841 of 2022 (“Summons 2841”), raise two issues. The first is whether
a bankruptcy application can be made against a deceased debtor. If the answer
is “no”, the second issue concerns the consequences which ought to follow
where a bankruptcy order is made on such a bankruptcy application and
substantial steps have been taken to administer the bankruptcy estate pursuant
to the bankruptcy order.

Facts

2 The present bankruptcy application was filed on 6 January 2017, by way of
Bankruptcy No 36 of 2017 (“the Bankruptcy Application”).

3 The Defendant was recorded as being absent at the first hearing of the
Bankruptcy Application on 9 February 2017. As the Defendant was eligible for
possible placement on the Debt Repayment Scheme (“DRS”), the case was referred
to the Official Assignee to assess the Defendant’s suitability for the DRS.

4 On 17 March 2017, the Official Assignee found the Defendant unsuitable for
the DRS on the ground that the Defendant had failed to submit the necessary
documents to the Official Assignee for the assessment within the stipulated
timeframe.

5 At the second hearing of the Bankruptcy Application on 20 April 2017, the
Defendant was again recorded as being absent. A bankruptcy order was made
against the Defendant at the second hearing (“the Bankruptcy Order”). Under
the Bankruptcy Order, Mr Chee Yoh Chuang (“Mr Chee”) and Mr Abdutahir Abdul
Gafoor were appointed as joint and several private trustees in bankruptcy of
the Defendant’s estate (“the PTIBs”).

6 It later emerged that the Defendant had in fact died on 23 July 2016; that
is, before the Bankruptcy Application was made. It appears that the Plaintiff
was unaware of the Defendant’s death. As such, this was not made known to the
Court.

7 On 9 May 2022, the PTIBs applied for a discharge of the Bankruptcy Order by
way of Summons 1730. Mr Chee’s affidavit filed in support of Summons 1730 on
13 May 2022 disclosed that:

(a) As the Defendant had passed away on 23 July 2016, no statement of affairs
was filed and the PTIBs could not determine the Defendant’s monthly
contributions and target contributions. A probate search also did not yield
any results.

(b) The PTIBs had taken steps to realise the Defendant’s assets. The main
asset was a property which was sold by the mortgagee for $1,250,000. After
deducting the outstanding mortgage, the net sale proceeds were $112,570.52.
Except for a further sum of $654.14 in the Defendant’s bank account, there
were no other realisable assets.

(c) There was a balance of $110,866.67 in the bankruptcy estate. This
comprised the total assets realised by the PTIBs ($113,224.66) and the
petitioning creditor’s deposit ($1,850) less payment of the Official
Assignee’s fees ($704) and payment of the Plaintiff’s costs ($3,503.99).

(d) A notice of intended first and final dividend was published on 31 August
2018, inviting creditors to file proofs of debt by 14 September 2018. Proofs
of debt were filed by nine creditors and were admitted by the PTIBs in the sum
of $158,198.04. A creditors’ meeting was held on 10 December 2020 to approve
the PTIB’s fees.

(e) The PTIBs intended to declare a first and final dividend as follows (“the
Proposed Distribution”):

(i) The PTIBs first proposed to settle their fees ($23,939.82), the
professional fees of the solicitors acting for them in the discharge
application ($4,492.84) and the debt due to a preferential creditor
($6,435.93).

(ii) Thereafter, the PTIBs proposed to declare a dividend of approximately 50
cents in the dollars to the ordinary creditors.

(f) The PTIBs had completed the administration of the bankruptcy estate. More
than four years had passed since the Bankruptcy Order was made and there were
no other known assets which could be realised. Hence, the PTIBs were applying
for an order to have the Defendant discharged from bankruptcy.

8 I first heard Summons 1730 on 24 May 2022. At the hearing, I queried counsel
for the PTIBs on: (a) whether the Bankruptcy Order was irregular given the
Defendant was deceased when the Bankruptcy Application was made; and (b) if
the Bankruptcy Order was irregular, whether it should be annulled instead of
discharged. I also directed that the Official Assignee attend the next hearing
to address the Court on these issues.

9 Thereafter, discussions took place between the Official Assignee, the PTIBs
and the creditors. By way of the Official Assignee’s letter to the PTIBs dated
14 June 2022, the Official Assignee took the position that the Bankruptcy
Order was irregular and should be annulled.

10 The PTIBs filed Summons 2841 on 1 August 2022. Summons 2841 was an
application to amend Summons 1730. The effect of the amendment was that the
PTIBs were now applying to: (a) annul the Bankruptcy Order; and (b) have
themselves appointed as the administrators of the deceased Defendant’s estate
in bankruptcy pursuant to s 148 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed).

11 I heard Summons 1730 and Summons 2841 together on 9 September 2022. By
then, there was a further change in the PTIBs’ position. The PTIBs no longer
wished to proceed with Summons 2841 to have the Bankruptcy Order annulled and
have themselves appointed as the administrators of the deceased’s estate under
s 148 of the Bankruptcy Act.

12 The PTIBs instead sought directions from the Court, pursuant to s 40(2) of
the Bankruptcy Act, for the PTIBs to be allowed to conclude the administration
of the bankruptcy estate as set out in the Proposed Distribution and for the
Bankruptcy Order to be annulled thereafter. The Official Assignee did not
object in-principle to the directions sought.

Issues

13 Based on parties’ position at the 9 September 2022 hearing, the issues
before me are as follows:

(a) Whether a bankruptcy application can be made against a deceased debtor
(“Issue 1”).

(b) If the answer to Issue 1 is “no”, whether the Bankruptcy Order should be
annulled forthwith, or whether the Court should allow the administration of
the bankruptcy estate to conclude before the Bankruptcy Order is annulled
(“Issue 2”).

Decision

Decision on Issue 1: A bankruptcy application cannot be made against a
deceased debtor

14 Issue 1 concerns whether a bankruptcy application can be made against a
deceased debtor under the Bankruptcy Act. The Official Assignee submits, and
the PTIBs accept, that the Bankruptcy Act does not permit this. While I agree
with parties, it is helpful to briefly explain my reasons as the position may
not be entirely clear from a plain reading of the Bankruptcy Act.

15 I begin by examining the relevant statutory provisions. The starting point
is ss 60(1) and 61(1) of the Bankruptcy Act which together set out the
conditions for making a creditor’s bankruptcy application against an
individual debtor:

Conditions to be satisfied in respect of debtor

60.—(1) No bankruptcy application shall be made to the court under section
57(1)(a) or 58(1)(a) against an individual debtor unless the debtor —

(a) is domiciled in Singapore;

(b) has property in Singapore; or

(c) has, at any time within the period of one year immediately preceding the
date of the making of the application —

(i) been ordinarily resident or has had a place of residence in Singapore; or

(ii) carried on business in Singapore.

…

Grounds of bankruptcy application

61.—(1) Subject to section 63A, no bankruptcy application shall be made to the
court in respect of any debt or debts unless at the time the application is
made —

(a) the amount of the debt, or the aggregate amount of the debts, is not less
than $15,000;

(b) the debt or each of the debts is for a liquidated sum payable to the
applicant creditor immediately;

(c) the debtor is unable to pay the debt or each of the debts; and

(d) where the debt or each of the debts is incurred outside Singapore, such
debt is payable by the debtor to the applicant creditor by virtue of a
judgment or an award which is enforceable by execution in Singapore.

…

[emphasis added]

16 Broadly, s 60(1) deals with the kinds of debtors a bankruptcy application
can be made against and over whom the court may exercise bankruptcy
jurisdiction. Section 61, on the other hand, deals with the kinds of debts
which support the making of a bankruptcy application.

17 It will be evident that while ss 60(1) and 61(1) of the Bankruptcy Act do
not expressly prohibit the making of a bankruptcy application against a
deceased debtor, they equally do not say that a bankruptcy application can be
made against a deceased debtor.

18 A case involving a deceased debtor is, however, regulated elsewhere in the
Bankruptcy Act. Section 71 of the Bankruptcy Act applies where a debtor dies
after a bankruptcy application is made against him or her:

Continuance of proceedings on death of debtor

71. If a debtor by or against whom a bankruptcy application has been made dies, unless the court otherwise directs, the proceedings in the matter are to be continued as if the debtor were alive, and the court may —

(a) order that the application be served on the debtor’s personal
representative or such other person as the court thinks fit; or

(b) dispense with service of the application on the debtor.

[emphasis added]

19 Section 71 makes clear that if a debtor dies after bankruptcy proceedings
are commenced, the proceedings may continue as if the debtor were still alive.
Hence, the mere fact that a debtor is deceased is does not prevent the making
of a bankruptcy order, even though the administration of the bankruptcy estate
may encounter difficulties in practice.

20 Finally, s 148 of the Bankruptcy Act permits the Official Assignee or a
creditor of a deceased debtor to apply to court for an order for the
administration of the estate of the deceased debtor according to the
Bankruptcy Act (which I will refer to as an “administration order”, to
distinguish it from a bankruptcy order). The material parts of s 148 read:

Administration in bankruptcy of estate of person dying insolvent

148.—(1) In this section, unless the context otherwise requires, “creditor”
means one or more creditors qualified to make a bankruptcy application under
this Act.

(2) The Official Assignee or any creditor of a deceased debtor whose debt
would have been sufficient to support a bankruptcy application against the
debtor had he been alive, may make to the court an application for an order
for the administration of the estate of the deceased debtor according to this
Act.

…

(4) Upon the prescribed notice being given to the legal representative, if
any, of the deceased debtor, the court may, in the prescribed manner, upon
proof of the applicant’s debt, unless the court is satisfied that there is a
reasonable probability that the estate will be sufficient for the payment of
the debts owing by the deceased debtor, make an order for the administration
in bankruptcy of the deceased debtor’s estate, or may, upon cause being shown,
dismiss the application with or without costs.

(5) An administration order under this section shall not be made until the
expiration of 2 months from the date of the grant of probate or letters of
administration, unless with the concurrence of the legal representative of the
deceased debtor.

(6) An application for administration under this section shall not be made to
the court after proceedings have been commenced for the administration of the
deceased debtor’s estate except that the court may, in that case, on the
application of any creditor and on proof that the estate is insufficient to
pay its debts in the prescribed manner, make an order for the administration
of the estate of the deceased debtor in bankruptcy, and the like consequences
shall ensue as under an administration order made on the application of a
creditor.

…

(9) Sections 98, 105 and 106 shall apply in the case of an administration
order under this section as if the administration order were a bankruptcy
order.

…

[emphasis added]

21 Taking a purposive interpretation of the above provisions, I find that
although the Bankruptcy Act does not expressly prohibit the making of a
bankruptcy application against a deceased debtor, it does so as a matter of
necessary implication.

(a) First, s 60(1) of the Bankruptcy Act uses the present tense when
describing the requirements as to the debtor’s domicile, ownership of
property, residence and carrying on of a business in Singapore. Whilst not
conclusive in itself, I agree with the Official Assignee’s submission that the
use of the present tense suggests that Parliament did not intend for the term
“debtor” under 60(1) to cover a debtor who is deceased when a bankruptcy
application is to be made.

(b) Second, s 148 of the Bankruptcy Act uses the distinct term “deceased
debtor” when referring to a debtor who is deceased when an application for an
administration order is made. The absence of similar language in ss 60 and 61
suggests that Parliament did not intend for these provisions to also apply to
a deceased debtor.

(c) Third, and most crucially, s 148 of the Bankruptcy Act allows an
application for an administration order to be made against a deceased debtor.
While an administration order is not identical in all aspects to a bankruptcy
order, its broad purpose is similar, in that it is for the deceased debtor’s
estate to be administered as if it were bankrupt. I agree with the Official
Assignee that s 148 would be rendered otiose if a bankruptcy application could
also be filed against a deceased debtor, and Parliament could not have
intended such a result. Having a parallel regime where a creditor can elect
between applying for bankruptcy application or an administration order would
allow creditors to by-pass the procedural safeguards which apply to the
latter. Such an arbitrary and unprincipled outcome could not have been
intended by Parliament.

(d) Fourth, ss 60, 61, 71 and 148 of the Bankruptcy Act should be read
harmoniously. In my judgment, this entails reading s 71 as applying where
debtor dies after a bankruptcy application is made. Conversely, where the
debtor is deceased when the application is made, the application should be for
an administration order under s 148 of the Bankruptcy Act instead.

22 For completeness, I address the English Court of Appeal’s decision in Ex
parte Geisel, In re Stanger (1882) 22 Ch D 436 (“Stanger”), which the Official
Assignee cites for the proposition that a bankruptcy application cannot be
made against a deceased debtor.

23 In Stanger, the petitioning creditor filed a bankruptcy petition alleging,
as an “act of bankruptcy”, that the debtor had absented himself from his place
of business with the view of defeating and delaying his creditors. The debtor
was adjudicated bankrupt on the petition. After the bankruptcy adjudication,
probate was granted on a will executed by the debtor, with the probate court
finding that the debtor was presumed to be dead from a date before the
bankruptcy petition was filed. The debtor’s executors then applied to annul
the bankruptcy adjudication on the ground that the debtor was dead when the
bankruptcy adjudication was made. The Registrar refused the application at
first instance. The English Court of Appeal allowed the executors’ appeal and
annulled the bankruptcy adjudication.

24 In Tang Yong Kiat Rickie v Sinesinga Sdh Bhd (transferee to part of the
assets of United Merchant Finance Bhd) and others [2014] SGHCR 6 (“Rickie
Tang”) at [13(d)], AR Paul Chan Wei Sern cited Stanger for the proposition
that a bankruptcy order ought not to be made if the debtor was dead at the
time proceedings were commenced.

25 In my respectful view, Stanger is of limited assistance in deciding whether
a bankruptcy application can be made against a deceased debtor under the
Bankruptcy Act.

26 First, the legislation in issue in Stanger was the UK Bankruptcy Act 1869
(32 & 33 Vic, c 71) (“UK BA 1869”). The provisions of the UK BA 1869 are
materially different from the Bankruptcy Act insofar as the present case is
concerned. The key differences are that: (a) the UK BA 1869 required proof
that the debtor had committed an “act of bankruptcy” within six months before
the presentation of the bankruptcy petition (see s 6 of the UK BA 1969),
whereas there is no such requirement under the version of the Bankruptcy Act
which applies in this case; and (b) the UK BA 1869 does not contain provisions
similar to s 148 of the Bankruptcy Act, which allow an application for an
administration order to be made.

27 Second, while the Court in Stanger unanimously decided that the bankruptcy
adjudication should be annulled, the judges differed in their reasons:

(a) Jessel MR (at 438–439) was not satisfied that the debtor had committed the
alleged act of bankruptcy as he was not satisfied that the bankrupt was alive
at the time of the alleged act of bankruptcy.

(b) Cotton LJ found (at 440) that even if the bankrupt was alive at the time
of the alleged act of bankruptcy, he was not alive when the bankruptcy
petition was presented.

(c) Sir Hannen found (at 440) that the inference to be drawn from the evidence
was that the bankrupt was dead when the adjudication was made and not that he
had committed an act of bankruptcy.

28 Hence, Stanger is not clear authority for the proposition that a bankruptcy
application cannot be made against a deceased debtor. Apart from Stanger,
there appears to be a dearth of authority, both local and foreign, which has
considered this question. In any event, nothing turns on this. The question is
ultimately a matter of statutory interpretation. For the reasons discussed at
[21] above, the answer to the question is clear based on a purposive
interpretation of the Bankruptcy Act.

29 To conclude on Issue 1, I find that a bankruptcy application cannot be made
against a deceased debtor under the Bankruptcy Act.

Decision on Issue 2: The Bankruptcy Order should be annulled on the condition
that the Defendant’s property is to vest in the PTIBs who are to distribute
the property in accordance with the Proposed Distribution

30 I turn Issue 2. Having found that a bankruptcy application cannot be made
against a deceased debtor, I must next decide the consequences which ought to
follow. The specific questions to be determined are: (a) whether the
Bankruptcy Order should be annulled; and (b) if the Bankruptcy Order should be
annulled, whether the Court can annul the Bankruptcy Order but allow the PTIBs
to first conclude the administration of the bankruptcy estate based on the
Proposed Distribution.

Law on the annulment of a bankruptcy order

31 I first consider the law on the annulment of a bankruptcy order.

32 The court’s power to annul a bankruptcy order is found in s 123 of the
Bankruptcy Act. The provision reads:

Court’s power to annul bankruptcy order

123.—(1) The court may annul a bankruptcy order if it appears to the court
that —

(a) on any ground existing at the time the order was made, the order ought not
to have been made;

(b) to the extent required by the rules, both the debts and the expenses of
the bankruptcy have all, since the making of the order, either been paid or
secured for to the satisfaction of the court;

(c) proceedings are pending in Malaysia for the distribution of the bankrupt’s
estate and effects amongst the creditors under the bankruptcy law of Malaysia
and that the distribution ought to take place there; or

(d) a majority of the creditors in number and value are resident in Malaysia,
and that from the situation of the property of the bankrupt or for other
causes his estate and effects ought to be distributed among the creditors
under the bankruptcy law of Malaysia.

(1A) An application to annul a bankruptcy order under subsection (1)(a) must
be made to the court within 12 months after the making of the bankruptcy
order, unless the court gives leave for the application to be made later.

(2) The court may annul a bankruptcy order whether or not the bankrupt has
been discharged from the bankruptcy.

(3) Where a court annuls a bankruptcy order under this section, any sale or
other disposition of property, payment made or other things duly done by or
under the authority of the Official Assignee or by the court shall be valid
except that the property of the bankrupt shall vest in such person as the
court may appoint or, in default of any such appointment, revert to the
bankrupt on such terms as the court may direct.

(4) The court may include in its order such supplemental provisions as may be
authorised by the rules.

[emphasis added]

33 Three aspects of the court’s power of annulment under s 123 of the
Bankruptcy Act bear emphasis.

34 First, the court has discretion as to whether to annul a bankruptcy order,
even if one of the grounds for annulment under s 123(1) is satisfied. This is
clear from the use of the words “may annul” in s 123(1). The Official Assignee
also cites Rickie Tang, where AR Chan described the exercise of the court’s
power under s 123(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act in the following terms (at
[13]):

Under s 123(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act, two requirements must be satisfied.
First, the bankruptcy order ought not to have been made on a ground existing
at the time it was made. Secondly, the court should in the circumstances annul
the bankruptcy order, the court having been vested with overriding discretion
to decide this question even if the first requirement is made out.

35 Based on Rickie Tang, the Official Assignee submits that s 123(1) of the
Bankruptcy Act involves a two-step inquiry. The first step requires the court
to consider whether one of the prescribed grounds for annulment is made out.
If the first step is satisfied, the second step requires the court to decide
whether the bankruptcy order should be annulled in the exercise of its
discretion.

36 Second, where the court’s power to annul a bankruptcy order is engaged, the
court’s discretion is a broad one. In Rickie Tang (at [14]), AR Chan described
the power as being “wide and flexible”. In this regard, there is authority to
the effect that the court may decline to annul a bankruptcy order even if the
order is a nullity. As the learned author of The Law and Practice of
Bankruptcy in Malaysia (Malayan Law Journal, 2000) explains (at pp 175–176):

The court has a discretion in deciding on an application to annul the
adjudication order. The court may dismiss the application even if any of the
three situations in [the Act] is proved in view of the term “may” in the
provision. Hence, the court may refuse to annul the adjudication order even if
it can be proved that he committed no act or bankruptcy, or where the
bankruptcy notice and subsequent bankruptcy orders were a nullity.

[emphasis added]

37 In my view, the discretionary nature of the court’s power to annul a
bankruptcy order is premised on the fact that when a bankruptcy order is made,
third parties may rely on the order. Hence, while defects in the bankruptcy
proceedings would constitute basis for the Court to consider annulling the
bankruptcy order, an annulment will not be ordered as a matter of course. The
court must also consider how annulment might impact third-party interests.

38 Third, while the court’s discretion is a broad one, it must be exercised
judiciously, having regard to the purpose of the power and the circumstances
of the case. In my view, where an annulment is sought under s 123(1)(a) of the
Bankruptcy Act, factors relevant to the inquiry might include: (a) the nature
of the irregularity; (b) whether the irregularity was intentional or innocent;
(c) prejudice to the bankrupt if the bankruptcy order is not annulled; (d)
prejudice to third parties if the bankruptcy order is annulled; and (e) the
conduct of the bankrupt.

The Court could annul the Bankruptcy Order under s 123(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy
Act

39 I turn to apply the principles discussed above to the facts of the case.

40 As regards the first step of the inquiry under s 123(1)(a), parties agree
that the ground under s 123(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act is satisfied. As a
bankruptcy application cannot be made against a deceased debtor, this is a
clear case where the Bankruptcy Order ought not to have been made. The Court
can annul the Bankruptcy Order and the question is whether it should do so.

The Bankruptcy Order should be annulled on the condition that the PTIBs be
allowed to conclude the administration of the bankruptcy estate in the manner
proposed

41 In respect of the second step in the inquiry, the PTIB’s reconsidered
position at the 9 September 2022 hearing was that the Court should direct that
the PTIBs conclude the administration of the Bankruptcy Order in the manner
set out in the Proposed Distribution and order that the Bankruptcy Order be
annulled thereafter.

42 The Official Assignee does not object to the directions sought by the PTIBs
in principle. The Official Assignee only raises two points. The first is that
the Court might wish to direct the PTIBs to file a formal application, as the
orders now sought by the PTIBs are different from those sought in Summons 1730
and Summons 2841. The second is that the PTIBs were seeking directions from
the Court under s 40(2) of the Bankruptcy Act, and the Official Assignee was
not aware of any case law considering the type of directions which might be
given under that provision.

43 As regards the first point raised by the Official Assignee, I am not minded
to require the PTIBs to file a formal application. As drafted, s 123 of the
Bankruptcy Act does not condition the court’s power of annulment on the making
of an application and I am satisfied that the court can annul a bankruptcy
order on its own motion. This can be contrasted with the Court’s power to
discharge a bankruptcy order under s 124(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, which can
only be exercised “on an application under [the] section”. Further, the
relevant evidence was already before the Court, in the form of Mr Chee’s
affidavits filed in support of Summons 1730 and Summons 2841. Having the PTIBs
make a further application would unnecessarily incur further time and costs.

44 For completeness, I note that under s 123(1A) of the Bankruptcy Act, an
application to annul a bankruptcy order under s 123(1)(a) must be made within
12 months after the making of the bankruptcy order, unless the court gives
leave for the application to be made later. In my view, the time-bar under s
123(1A) does not apply in the present case where the issue of annulment is
considered by the court on its own motion. Even if I am wrong and the time-bar
does apply, I find that this is an appropriate case to extend time, as the
defect in the proceedings was not discovered or appreciated earlier.

45 As regards the second point raised by the Official Assignee, it seems to me
that while the PTIBs has sought “directions” from the Court under s 40 of the
Bankruptcy Act, the real issue is whether the Court has power, under s 123 of
the Bankruptcy Act, to annul the Bankruptcy Order in the terms sought by the
PTIBs.

46 In my judgment, the Court does have power under s 123 of the Bankruptcy Act
to annul the Bankruptcy Order on terms which are substantially similar (but
not exactly the same) as those sought by the PTIBs. In particular, I find that
the Court can grant an annulment of the Bankruptcy Order, on the condition
that the Defendant’s property (i.e the assets realised in the course of the
bankruptcy administration) are to vest in the PTIBs who are to then distribute
the assets according to the Proposed Distribution.

47 To begin, as discussed at [34]–[38] above, the court is vested with broad
discretion as to whether to annul a bankruptcy order. Based on the language of
s 123, and the objectives served by the conferral of such discretion, there is
no apparent impediment to the court ordering an annulment on conditions, if
appropriate.

48 Moreover, while it is established that an annulment generally has the
effect of wiping out the adjudication and placing the bankrupt in a position
as if no bankruptcy order had been made, it is equally clear that the general
rule is subject to exceptions: Tan Teck Guan v Mapletree Trustee Pte Ltd
(trustee of Mapletree Industrial Trust) [2011] 3 SLR 1031 (“Tan Teck Guan”) at
[14]–[15]. For present purposes, one key exception is found in s 123(3) of the
Bankruptcy Act, which reads:

(3) Where a court annuls a bankruptcy order under this section, any sale or
other disposition of property, payment made or other things duly done by or
under the authority of the Official Assignee or by the court shall be valid
except that the property of the bankrupt shall vest in such person as the
court may appoint or, in default of any such appointment, revert to the
bankrupt on such terms as the court may direct.

[emphasis added]

49 Section 123(3) comprises two limbs. The first preserves the validity of
acts done prior to the annulment of the bankruptcy order: see Tan Guan Teck at
[17]. This includes sales and dispositions of the bankrupt’s property and
payments which may have been made out of the bankruptcy estate. The second,
which is the crucial at present, allows the court to determine the person(s)
in whom the bankrupt’s property is to vest, upon annulment. The bankrupt’s
property only reverts to the bankrupt if the court does not make such a
determination.

50 The upshot of the above is that an annulment does not invariably operate to
unwind a bankruptcy order in its entirety, such that all of the bankrupt’s
property at the time the bankruptcy order was made must be restored to the
bankrupt upon annulment, with no further payments allowed out of the
bankrupt’s property. This is confirmed by the case authorities.

51 In Stanger at 441, the Court had, after annulling the bankruptcy
adjudication, allowed an application for the trustee’s costs and charges
properly incurred in the administration and the costs of the application and
the appeal to be paid out of the bankrupt’s property.

52 In Bailey v Johnson (1872) 7 Exch 263 (“Bailey”), Cockburn CJ observed (at
264) that:

The effect of s. 81 is, subject to any bona fide disposition lawfully made by
the trustee prior to the annulling of the bankruptcy, and subject to any
condition which the Court annulling the bankruptcy may by its order impose, to
remit the party whose bankruptcy is set aside to his original position.

[emphasis added]

53 Likewise, in West v Baker (1875) 1 Ex D 44 (“West”), Kelly CB found (at 46)
that:

The whole of the estate of the bankrupt was undisposed of; and the Court has
power under the 81st section, in the case of an adjudication being annulled,
to order that the property of the debtor shall vest in such person as the
Court may appoint, or, in default of such appointment, revert to the bankrupt.

[emphasis added]

54 On the facts in West, the bankruptcy adjudication was annulled after the
bankrupt had entered a composition with his creditors. Upon annulment of the
bankruptcy adjudication, the Court ordered that the bankrupt’s property be
transferred to one of the bankrupt creditors.

55 A similar factual matrix presented itself in In re Chidley, In re Lennard
(1875) 1 Ch D 177. The bankrupt there also entered into a composition with his
creditors, consequent to which the bankruptcy adjudication was annulled. Upon
the annulment of the bankruptcy adjudication, the Court ordered the bankrupt’s
property to be assigned to the trustee in bankruptcy, to be held on trust to
secure payment of the composition sum.

56 It is apposite to note that these English cases were concerned with s 81 of
the UK BA 1869, which worded identically to s 123(3) of the Bankruptcy Act. I
therefore consider them to be of considerable assistance in interpreting s
123(3) of the Bankruptcy Act.

57 Having found that the Court can order that the Bankruptcy Order be annulled
on the condition that upon annulment, the Defendant’s property is to vest in
the PTIBs, to be distributed according to the Proposed Distribution, the
question then is whether the Court should do so. In my judgment, this course
of action is plainly appropriate in the circumstances of the case.

58 On the one hand, I note that the irregularity in the present case was a
serious one. In effect, the Court had a made a bankruptcy order which it did
not have power to make. However, while this is a strong factor pointing
towards the Bankruptcy Order being annulled, it is not determinative as to
whether the bankruptcy should be unwound in its entirety, with the Defendant’s
property reverting back to his estate, for the reasons discussed above.
Further, there are strong countervailing considerations pointing against such
an outcome which must be considered.

59 First, I find that the irregularity was not intentional. I accept the
PTIBs’ explanation that the Plaintiff was unaware of the Defendant’s death
when it filed the Bankruptcy Application or when it obtained the Bankruptcy
Order. And while the PTIBs must have learnt of the Defendant’s death in the
course of administering the bankruptcy estate, the PTIBs were not legally
trained and were unlikely to appreciate the legal significance of this fact
and how it impacted the validity of the Bankruptcy Order. There is no reason
to believe that the PTIBs had decided to proceed with the administration of
the bankruptcy estate knowing that the Bankruptcy Order was irregular.

60 Second, ordering the Defendant’s property to vest in the PTIBs, to be
distributed according to the Proposed Distribution would not prejudice the
Defendant’s estate. Despite the Defendant having died more than five years
ago, it appears that no personal representatives or beneficiaries have come
forward to lay claim to his estate. Furthermore, the PTIBs’ investigations
strongly suggest that the Defendant’s estate is insolvent. As any entitlement
which the Defendant’s beneficiaries may have to the Defendant’s estate would
rank behind the claims of the Defendant’s creditors, any distribution will not
prejudice the estate.

61 Third, I agree with the PTIBs that having the Defendant’s property revert
back to the Defendant’s estate would prejudice all other parties concerned.
Work has been done by the PTIBs in the administration of the bankruptcy
estate, which the PTIB should be paid for. It would also be unfair if the
creditors received nothing in respect of the debts long due to them, given the
Bankruptcy Order was made in 2017 and the administration has been ongoing for
more than five years. While it may be open to the creditors to apply for an
administration order under s 148 of the Bankruptcy Act, this would involve
additional costs and time, which quite understandably, the creditors might not
be willing to incur given the already modest size of the bankruptcy estate,
which would be further diminished if an application for an administration
order is made. Finally, as no personal representative or beneficiary has laid
claim to the Defendant’s estate, having the Defendant’s property revert to his
estate would result in the realised sums remaining stuck in the Bankruptcy
Estates Account, held by the Official Assignee. For the same reasons which
apply to creditors, I do not think the Official Assignee should be put to the
inconvenience of applying for an administration order under s 148 of the
Bankruptcy Act given the circumstances of this case.

62 To conclude on Issue 2, I find that the Bankruptcy Order should be
annulled. Upon the annulment of the Bankruptcy Order, however, the Defendant’s
property will not revert to the Defendant’s estate. Instead, the Defendant’s
property is to vest in the PTIBs, to be distributed in accordance with the
Proposed Distribution.

Conclusion and Orders

63 For the reasons given, my orders are as follows:

(a) In respect of Summons 1730:

(i) I make no order on prayers 1 and 1(a).

(ii) I order that the Bankruptcy Order is to be annulled, pursuant to s
123(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act, on the conditions set out below.

(A) Pursuant to s 123(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, upon the annulment of the
Bankruptcy Order, the Defendant’s property is to vest in the PTIBs.

(B) Upon the vesting of the Defendant’s property in the PTIBs, the PTIBs are
to distribute the Defendant’s property in the following order of priority:

(I) $23,939.82 is to be paid to the PTIBs, for the PTIBs’ costs and expenses
of the administration.

(II) $4,492.84 is to be paid to the solicitors acting for the PTIBs in Summons
1730 and Summons 2841, for the solicitors’ professional fees.

(III) $6,435.93 is to be paid to the preferential creditor, the Comptroller of
Income Tax.

(IV) The balance shall be paid to the ordinary creditors, in proportion to the
debts proved by them and admitted by the PTIBs, less any fees payable to the
Official Assignee.

(C) The PTIBs are to complete the distribution of the Defendant’s property
within eight weeks’ of my order.

(D) The PTIBs and the Official Assignee have liberty to apply.

(b) I make no order on Summons 2841.

64 This leaves me to record my appreciation to counsel for the PTIBs and the
Official Assignee for their able assistance in the matter.

Randeep Singh Koonar  
Assistant Registrar|  
---|---  
  
Michael Moey Chin Woon (Moey & Yuen) for the Private Trustees in Bankruptcy;

Christopher Eng Chee Yang and Angela Lee (Insolvency & Public Trustee’s
Office) for the Official Assignee.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 10 Oct 2022 (17:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

