Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 150

Criminal Case No 28 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
And

| Saridewi Binte Djamani  
---|---  
  
findings on remittAL

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Appeal — Adducing fresh evidence]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Trials — Whether accused person suffered
from methamphetamine withdrawal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Saridewi bte Djamani

[2022] SGHC 150

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 28 of 2018  
See Kee Oon J  
7–11, 17–18 February, 8 March 2022

28 June 2022 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

1 This remitted hearing arises out of an appeal against my original decision
convicting two co-accused persons after trial, namely: Saridewi Binte Djamani
(“Saridewi”), who is the individual solely concerned in this remitted hearing,
and one Muhammad Haikal Bin Abdullah. My grounds of decision in respect of the
trial are contained in Public Prosecutor v Saridewi Bte Djamani and another
[2018] SGHC 204 (“GD”).

2 Only Saridewi filed an appeal against her conviction and sentence in CA/CCA
30/2018 (“CCA 30/2018”). Saridewi also filed CA/CM 15/2019 (“CM 15/2019”),
seeking leave to rely on a further ground in her appeal, namely, that she was
suffering from methamphetamine withdrawal symptoms during the identified
statement-taking period, ie, 18 to 24 June 2016 (“the statement-taking
period”). Specifically, the first of the four statements in question was
recorded on 21 June 2016 under s 23 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The remaining three statements were recorded on 22 and
23 June 2016 under s 22 of the CPC.

3 In response to new psychiatric reports pertaining to Saridewi’s
methamphetamine withdrawal that were tendered at the appeal stage, the Court
of Appeal remitted the case for me to take additional evidence relating to
whether Saridewi had suffered from methamphetamine withdrawal during the
statement-taking period. This was done pursuant to s 392 of the CPC. In the
meantime, the Court of Appeal reserved its decisions on both CCA 30/2018 and
CM 15/2019.

4 The Court of Appeal directed me to inquire and make appropriate findings in
relation to the following questions as framed, and thereafter to remit the
additional evidence for its assessment: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Minute sheet dated 16 September 2020 in CM 15/2019 and CCA 30/2018 at
timestamp 1529hrs.

1\. Do the experts agree that the appellant was suffering from methamphetamine
withdrawal between 18 and 24 June 2016?

2\. What are the symptoms of methamphetamine withdrawal?

3\. What was the extent of her condition?

a. A range between mild and severe has been offered. It is possible to be more
specific?

b. If not, why not?

c. What are the implications for the appellant’s ability to give a reliable
statement depending on whether her state of methamphetamine withdrawal was
mild, moderate or severe?

d. What particular and specific symptoms would have impeded her ability to
provide such a statement?

e. Is it plausible that such symptoms would not have been noticed by any of
the physicians who actually examined her at the time? If so, please explain.

4\. The trial judge may consider any other relevant issues that may arise from
the additional evidence and is then to determine whether the totality of the
new evidence affects his earlier rulings regarding the statements in any way,
and if so, what effect that has on the outcome of the trial.

Facts

Procedural history

5 Saridewi was convicted after trial on one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s
5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for having in
her possession six packets and seven straws containing a total of not less
than 30.72 grams of diamorphine, which is a Class A controlled drug under the
First Schedule to the MDA. She was sentenced to suffer the death penalty.

6 In convicting Saridewi, I rejected, inter alia, her allegation of being
unable to give accurate accounts during the statement-taking process because
of her alleged mental conditions. At the trial, Saridewi adduced evidence from
one Dr Julia Lam (“Dr Lam”), who opined that she was suffering from persistent
depressive disorder and substance abuse disorder. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

GD at [36]; Psychologist report by Dr Lam dated 12 April 2018 at [35].

I was not persuaded by Dr Lam’s assessment of whether Saridewi suffered from
persistent depressive disorder, as she had failed to apply the exclusionary
criterion to exclude symptoms attributable to the physiological effects of
methamphetamine abuse during the period that Saridewi was also abusing
methamphetamine. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

GD at [39].

In respect of Saridewi’s claims that she was suffering from drug withdrawal
during the statement-taking process, I found that these were afterthoughts as
she did not raise any complaints or exhibit symptoms of drug withdrawal in
respect of any drugs she had allegedly consumed to the four doctors who
assessed her. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at [42].

7 Saridewi appealed against both her conviction and sentence by way of CCA
30/2018. In the Court of Appeal, Saridewi sought to admit by way of CM 15/2019
an expert medical report dated 13 July 2019 which was prepared by Dr Jacob
Rajesh (“Dr Rajesh”), who is a Senior Consultant Psychiatrist in Promises
(Winslow) Clinic and the Singapore Prison Service (“SPS”) and a Fellow of the
Academy of Medical Sciences, Singapore. Two further reports were prepared by
Dr Rajesh pursuant to queries raised by the Court of Appeal. The third report
Dr Rajesh prepared was in direct response to the Court of Appeal’s questions
for the purpose of the remitted hearing before me. In response to Dr Rajesh’s
reports, the Prosecution adduced three expert medical reports by Dr Mohamed
Zakir Karuvetil (“Dr Zakir”), a Consultant in the Department of Addiction
Medicine at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions for motion to admit fresh evidence at
[3].

The further evidence at the remitted hearing

Saridewi’s evidence

(1) Explanations for the falsehoods in her statements

8 At the remitted hearing, Saridewi gave further evidence. She admitted that
she had lied on several matters in her statements which were recorded from 21
to 23 June 2016 to create an untruthful narrative about her drug trafficking
activities in order to avoid her capital charge. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 7 February 2022, p 18 lines 3–6; p 83 lines 6–9.

She testified that she had wanted to downplay her involvement in drug
trafficking. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 29 lines 3–5.

9 However, Saridewi also testified that she had made untruthful statements as
she had not been “able to think properly”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 83 lines 20–22.

She claimed that her mind had “shut down” 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 42 lines 7–10.

which led her to answer the questions posed to her without thinking through
her responses. She had also felt sleepy at the material time but testified
that she “still [had been] able to listen and … just answer spontaneously
whatever [had been] asked” [sic]. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 42 lines 18–20.

(2) Impression that she could be granted bail

10 Saridewi further testified that she had informed Dr Jason Lee Kim Huat (“Dr
Lee”), an IMH doctor who conducted her psychiatric assessment in July 2016,
that she was not suffering from drug withdrawal as she had been “hoping to get
bailed out”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 72 lines 5–11.

She explained that she had wanted to make it seem as if she had not been
consuming drugs so that she could be granted bail. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 73 lines 1–4.

She had been under the impression that the matter of bail would be decided
based on a recommendation from the psychiatrist to the relevant judge. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 73 lines 26–30.

(3) Alleged methamphetamine withdrawal symptoms

11 Saridewi testified that she had experienced symptoms of methamphetamine
withdrawal during the statement-taking period. In particular, she claimed that
she had experienced feelings of sleepiness and/or lethargy, hypersomnia,
depressed mood, anxiety, an increased appetite and psychomotor retardation, as
well as agitation.

12 Saridewi testified that she had felt sleepy and lethargic during the
relevant period and had also suffered from hypersomnia. She felt sleepy from
18 to 24 June 2016 “[b]ecause of the withdrawal” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 6 lines 6–8.

and she would sleep “all [day] along” [sic]. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 6 line 13.

Furthermore, she stated that she had wanted the statement-taking process to be
concluded quickly so that she could continue to sleep. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 10 lines 11–12, p 11 lines 27–28.

When asked why she did not raise her feelings of sleepiness to the doctors who
examined her during the relevant period, she explained that addicts rarely
tell doctors of their withdrawal symptoms, as they “want to be bailed out”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 41 lines 12–17.

13 Saridewi further testified that she had felt depressed from 18 to 24 June
2016 as she had been thinking of her son. She also attributed her depressed
mood to her cessation of the usage of “ice” (the street name for
methamphetamine). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 7 lines 7–11, p 11 lines 16–17.

She stated that she had already been experiencing a depressed mood when she
was arrested, but that she “definitely [was] getting more depressed” after her
arrest. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 86 lines 7–14.

14 Saridewi also testified that she had been anxious and tense during the
statement-taking period. She had felt breathless, her heart had been beating
fast, her hands had been shaking, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 10 lines 14–17.

and she experienced an increase in appetite. However, she did not mention her
increased appetite to the physicians who examined her or to Dr Rajesh when he
interviewed her on 12, 14 and 21 March 2019 in preparation for his first
report. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 89 line 28 to p 90 line 4.

15 Lastly, Saridewi testified that she had experienced symptoms of psychomotor
retardation during the statement-taking period. Saridewi stated that
“everything coming out from [her had been] slow”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 17 lines 6–7, 27.

She had to think and take some time before she answered questions and she had
been “stammering”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 18 line 10.

She however failed to mention this when she was first interviewed by Dr Rajesh
in March 2019 as she had “overlooked” it. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 18 lines 30–32.

She claimed that she had also felt agitated but she could not explain why she
had given inconsistent accounts on this to Dr Rajesh. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 91 lines 7–13.

Dr Rajesh’s reports

16 In total, Dr Rajesh prepared three reports. The first report dated 13 July
2019 (“Dr Rajesh’s 1st Report”) was prepared on request of Saridewi’s trial
defence counsel. In preparation for the report, he interviewed Saridewi on 12,
14 and 21 March 2019. Dr Rajesh’s second report dated 23 November 2019 (“Dr
Rajesh’s 2nd Report”) was prepared in response to queries that were raised by
the Court of Appeal on 11 September 2019. Specifically, the Court of Appeal’s
query at this juncture was: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Minute sheet dated 11 September 2019 in CM 15/2019 and CCA 30/2018 at
timestamp 1108hrs.

… The only question for us is: having regard to his professional training,
whether looking at the evidence he is satisfied that Dr Lam made a mistake in
the evidence she gave and in the concessions she made. If he looks at what she
said and he accepts that, as far as he is concerned, the concessions were
correct on the evidence and the conclusions she arrived at were correct on the
evidence, then I do not think there is anything more to be said. … If Dr
Rajesh is able to say that she was wrong, and that there are a whole lot of
medical reasons why they shouldn’t have been made, then he needs to back that
up with the relevant material. …

In preparation for this report, Dr Rajesh interviewed Saridewi on 10 October
2019. Dr Rajesh’s third report dated 14 December 2020 (“Dr Rajesh’s 3rd
Report”) was prepared in response to the queries raised by the Court of Appeal
for the purposes of the remitted hearing (at [4] above). In preparation for
this report, he interviewed Saridewi on 14 and 22 October 2020.

(1) Saridewi’s persistent depressive disorder

17 In Dr Rajesh’s 1st Report, he set out an opinion that Saridewi was
suffering from persistent depressive disorder and amphetamine-type substance
use disorder “at the material time of the offence”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1st Agreed Bundle (“1-ABR”) at p 141 (Dr Rajesh’s 1st Report at para 26).

He explained that “comorbid substance abuse, depression and dysthymia are
common” as individuals “with depression and dysthymia often resort to drug use
as a means of coping with their negative emotional state”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1-ABR at p 142 (Dr Rajesh’s 1st Report at para 30).

Dr Rajesh opined that Dr Lam’s opinion was disregarded by the court as “the
link between drug use and mental disorders was not properly explained in her
report”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1-ABR at para 144 (Dr Rajesh’s 1st Report at para 39).

He further explained the possibility that comorbid mental disorders can
coexist with drug use and can be diagnosed even in individuals using drugs. As
such, he concluded that Saridewi had been suffering from an abnormality of
mind at the material time of the offence, due to her mental disorders which
had impaired her judgment and ability to make rational decisions. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1-ABR at p 143 (Dr Rajesh’s 1st Report at para 33).

(2) Diagnostic criteria for methamphetamine withdrawal

18 Dr Rajesh noted that Saridewi’s reported methamphetamine use was documented
in a drug withdrawal assessment form used by the SPS on 18 June 2016. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1-ABR at p 101.

However, the withdrawal symptoms and signs of methamphetamine withdrawal are
very different from the items that are mentioned on the drug withdrawal
assessment form that the prison medical officers used. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1-ABR at p 185 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 7).

Dr Rajesh stated that the drug withdrawal assessment form used by the SPS is
tailored predominantly to account for symptoms and signs of heroin (the street
name for diamorphine) withdrawal. These include nausea, diarrhoea, vomiting,
running nose, dilated pupils, yawning and piloerection. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1-ABR at p 189 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 14).

19 Dr Rajesh also outlined the diagnostic criteria for stimulant withdrawal as
set out in the American Psychiatric Association, Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual of Mental Disorders (American Psychiatric Association Publishing, 5th
Ed, 2013) (“DSM-V”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1-ABR at p 188 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at paras 10A–10D).

This consists essentially of dysphoric mood and two (or more) of the following
physiological changes developing within a few hours to several days after
cessation of (or reduction in) prolonged amphetamine-type substance, cocaine
or other stimulant use:

(a) fatigue;

(b) vivid, unpleasant dreams;

(c) insomnia or hypersomnia;

(d) increased appetite; and

(e) psychomotor retardation or agitation.

20 According to the DSM-V, the above signs or symptoms cause clinically
significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important
areas of functioning. The DSM-V also specifies that the signs or symptoms are
not attributable to another medical condition and are not better explained by
another mental disorder, including intoxication or withdrawal from another
substance. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1-ABR at p 188 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 10D).

The drug withdrawal assessment form used in prison settings did not include
items related to methamphetamine withdrawal as mentioned in the DSM-V.

(3) Whether Saridewi was suffering from methamphetamine withdrawal

(A) Saridewi’s self-reported account

21 Dr Rajesh opined that Saridewi had been suffering from amphetamine
withdrawal during the statement-taking period. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1-ABR at p 199 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 15).

In his interviews with Saridewi, she reported that she had experienced both
the symptoms of a “crash” and the withdrawal symptoms which set in after a
crash during her lock-up. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1-ABR at p 193 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 27).

He explained that chronic methamphetamine users first experience a “crash”
commencing 12 to 24 hours after the last use, which is characterised by
exhaustion, fatigue and sleep disturbances (typically, excessive sleep). This
subsides within two to four days and is followed by the withdrawal phase. The
withdrawal phase sets in two to four days after last use, peaks in seven to
ten days and subsides over two to four weeks. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1-ABR at p 193 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 26).

22 Dr Rajesh was of the view that Saridewi was experiencing methamphetamine
withdrawal symptoms from 18 to 20 June 2016, during her observation at Changi
Women’s Prison (“CWP”), based on her reporting of excessive sleepiness,
feelings of fatigue and sadness to Dr Lam and himself. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1-ABR at p 190 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 20).

He stated that the prison medical officers’ assessment that she was negative
for non-opioid withdrawal was erroneous as the structured drug withdrawal
assessment form used by the SPS was not specifically designed to pick up signs
of methamphetamine withdrawal. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1-ABR at p 190 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 21).

23 Dr Rajesh further stated that it was plausible that symptoms of
methamphetamine withdrawal would have been missed by the physicians who
examined her at the time. The structured drug withdrawal assessment form used
by the SPS to assess drug withdrawal is not designed to capture symptoms and
signs of methamphetamine withdrawal, hence the relevant questions specific to
methamphetamine withdrawal were not asked. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1-ABR at p 201 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 18).

Furthermore, Dr Rajesh stated that the physicians and nurses only saw her
“cross-sectionally” and there was no longitudinal assessment over several days
which was necessary to observe withdrawal symptoms. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1-ABR at p 193 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 27).

He opined in his 3rd Report that Saridewi was “probably” suffering from
moderate withdrawal at the time her statements were taken. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1-ABR at p 201 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 16)

(B) Amphetamine withdrawal questionnaire

24 Dr Rajesh further attached to his 3rd Report an amphetamine withdrawal
questionnaire (“AWQ”) which is used in addiction settings in New Zealand that
“elucidates the withdrawal symptoms”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1-ABR at p 185 (Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report at para 6).

He administered the AWQ to Saridewi on 22 October 2020 and found that she had
met several of the questionnaire criteria. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1-ABR at p 203 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report).

Accordingly, Dr Rajesh opined that Saridewi had been suffering from
amphetamine withdrawal between 18 and 24 June 2016. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1-ABR at p 199 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 8).

25 As for the limitations of the AWQ, Dr Rajesh acknowledged that the AWQ is
not used in clinical practice in Singapore and needs to be administered within
the 24-hour period after a patient is admitted to an inpatient unit, so that
the limitation of retrospective recall is minimised. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 86 lines 9–18.

Nonetheless, the AWQ is routinely used in Australia and New Zealand and has
been validated for clinical use. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

1-ABR at p 199 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 8).

He also explained that the reason that he had used the questionnaire was to
respond to the Court of Appeal’s queries on the extent of Saridewi’s condition
(at [4] above). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 87 lines 1–5.

Dr Rajesh stated that the symptoms that Saridewi displayed included excessive
sleepiness, fatigue, increased appetite and going into “shut down mode” (in
her words) after her arrest due to methamphetamine withdrawal. This was
corroborated by the entry of a nurse, Maria Rhodora Vinluan Isla (“Ms Maria”)
who documented that she “look[ed] lethargic” on 20 June 2016. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1-ABR at p 200 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 10).

Another nurse, Zawiyah Bte Amat (“Ms Zawiyah”) recorded her pulse rate to be
62 on 19 June 2016. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

1-ABR at pp 106–107.

Dr Rajesh stated that “a slower heart rate (bradycardia) is also a sign of
methamphetamine withdrawal”, though “it is not one of the essential criteria
in the DSM-V”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1-ABR at p 200 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 11).

(4) Severity of methamphetamine withdrawal and impact on reliability of
Saridewi’s statements

26 Dr Rajesh further stated that Saridewi had been suffering from “at least
moderate withdrawal” based on her self-reports of excessive sleepiness,
fatigue, increased appetite, psychomotor retardation and depressed mood. Her
urine test also showed a high amount of amphetamine, much higher than the cut-
off. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1-ABR at p 201 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 15).

The reliability of her statements could be affected depending on the severity
of withdrawal, as her cognitive processes could be affected by symptoms such
as a lack of focus, poor concentration, and suggestibility. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1-ABR at p 201 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 16).

Dr Zakir’s reports

27 Dr Zakir prepared three reports providing his views on Dr Rajesh’s reports.
Dr Zakir did not personally examine or interview Saridewi. In preparing his
reports, he relied on Dr Rajesh’s medical reports, transcripts of Dr Lam’s
evidence at the trial in May 2018 and her medical report dated 12 April 2018,
Dr Lee’s medical report, transcripts of evidence by doctors who assessed
Saridewi for drug withdrawal and Saridewi’s investigation statements.

28 The first report dated 15 April 2020 was prepared for the purpose of
providing Dr Zakir’s general views on Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report (“Dr Zakir’s 1st
Report”). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions for motion to admit fresh evidence at
[4].

Dr Zakir prepared a second report dated 25 May 2020 (“Dr Zakir’s 2nd Report”)
that further considered the Toxicology Reports from the Health Sciences
Authority and Saridewi’s Instant Urine Test (“IUT”) result slip from a test
done by the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). Dr Zakir prepared a third report
dated 27 May 2021 (“Dr Zakir’s 3rd Report”) in response to the queries raised
by the Court of Appeal for the purposes of the remitted hearing (at [4]
above).

(1) Diagnostic criteria for methamphetamine withdrawal

29 Dr Zakir also relied on the diagnostic criteria in the DSM-V (at [19]
above). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1-ABR at pp 126–127 (Dr Zakir’s 1st Report at paras 6.1–6.2).

He highlighted that the most prominent signs and symptoms of methamphetamine
withdrawal are disturbed sleep, depressed mood and anxiety, craving and
cognitive impairment. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1-ABR at p 126 (Dr Zakir’s 1st Report at para 5.3).

(2) Whether Saridewi was suffering from methamphetamine withdrawal

30 At the outset, Dr Zakir noted that there were several contradictions in
Saridewi’s self-reports of the type, quantity and duration of methamphetamine
and heroin consumption. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1-ABR at p 121 (Dr Zakir’s 1st Report at para 4.1).

These details were vital in accurately diagnosing any substance use disorder,
especially the substance withdrawal state. He subsequently detailed the
different accounts that Saridewi had provided to various persons, highlighting
that the varying accounts would result in the respective records indicating
that she may have experienced different withdrawal symptoms (if any). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

1-ABR at pp 121–123, 125 (Dr Zakir’s 1st Report at paras 4.2–4.5, 4.11).

31 However, given her history of methamphetamine use and the urine toxicology
analysis that showed positive results for methamphetamine, Dr Zakir opined
that it was likely that she may have suffered withdrawal symptoms after she
was arrested due to abrupt cessation of methamphetamine use. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1-ABR at p 131 (Dr Zakir’s 2nd Report at para 3).

(3) Severity of methamphetamine withdrawal and impact on reliability of
Saridewi’s statements

32 Dr Zakir stated that generally, the severity of Saridewi’s withdrawal
symptoms could vary from mild to severe, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1-ABR at p 131 (Dr Zakir’s 2nd Report at para 3).

though he was unable to comment on the exact degree of severity of Saridewi’s
withdrawal symptoms. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1-ABR at p 133 (Dr Zakir’s 3rd Report at question QC).

He noted that Saridewi’s level of alertness, distress, orientation and
cognition at the point a particular statement was recorded could impede her
ability to give accurate information. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1-ABR at pp 133–134 (Dr Zakir’s 3rd Report at question QE).

However, Saridewi had not reported any major withdrawal symptoms nor exhibited
any significant distress or impairment that would greatly impact her ability
to give a coherent testimonial during the statement-taking period. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1-ABR at p 133 (Dr Zakir’s 3rd Report at question QD).

Most clinicians are capable of noticing moderate to severe withdrawal symptoms
and in most cases of amphetamine use disorder, the withdrawal symptoms tend to
be short, mild and self-limiting. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1-ABR at p 134 (Dr Zakir’s 3rd Report at [QF]).

33 Dr Zakir observed that Saridewi had the opportunity to report any
withdrawal symptoms she had experienced during the initial period at Changi
Medical Complex, but had failed to do so. This suggested that her symptoms had
been neither prominent nor subjectively bothersome to her. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 10 February 2022, p 51 lines 24–28.

He stated that experienced clinicians are usually able to provide a reasonably
accurate and consistent judgment as to the level of discomfort experienced by
patients in methamphetamine withdrawal or in substance withdrawal (in
general). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

1-ABR at p 127 (Dr Zakir’s 1st Report at para 7.2).

Since there were clear discrepancies in her description of the types, timeline
and the quantity of the substances used, it was difficult to accurately
diagnose her substance use disorder or substance use withdrawal.

Physicians’ and nurses’ evidence

34 During the remitted hearing, six doctors and four nurses who had observed
Saridewi at the contemporaneous time testified on their observations and
findings they had regarding Saridewi’s alleged methamphetamine withdrawal
during the relevant period. The four nurses were called as defence witnesses
while the doctors were called by the Prosecution. I will summarise the main
aspects of their evidence below.

35 Notably, three of the doctors, Dr Tan Chong Hun (“Dr Tan”), Dr Edwin Lymen
Vethamony (“Dr Vethamony”) and Dr Rachel Chan (“Dr Chan”) used the structured
drug withdrawal assessment form issued by the SPS to assess Saridewi for drug
withdrawal symptoms discussed at [18] above. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1-ABR at p 101.

(1) Dr Tan

36 Dr Tan examined Saridewi on 18 June 2016 at CWP. At the material time, Dr
Tan was a Medical Officer attached to the Complex Medical Centre of the SPS.
The clinical examination that he conducted at the material time included an
assessment regarding whether Saridewi was experiencing withdrawal symptoms
associated with the use of methamphetamine. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

1-ABR at p 117 (Statement of Dr Tan at para 5).

37 At the remitted hearing, Dr Tan testified that he had looked out for
withdrawal symptoms but conceded that it was possible that he may have missed
symptoms that had not been specifically presented by the patient. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 131 lines 22–25.

He testified that Saridewi had been coherent in answering questions and had
not been so drowsy that she was unable to respond to his questions. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 119 lines 4–6.

He further stated that Saridewi had not exhibited any suicidal tendencies and
that she had not appeared teary or sad. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 119 lines 15–21.

(2) Dr Vethamony

38 Dr Vethamony conducted a clinical examination of Saridewi on 19 June 2016
at CWP. At the material time, Dr Vethamony was a Medical Officer attached to
the Complex Medical Centre of the SPS. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

1-ABR at p 114 (Statement of Dr Vethamony at para 1).

The examination that he conducted at the material time included an assessment
of whether Saridewi was experiencing withdrawal symptoms associated with the
use of methamphetamine. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1-ABR at p 114 (Statement of Dr Vethamony at para 2).

Dr Vethamony testified that if a doctor were to solely rely on the structured
drug withdrawal assessment form, which is a form to facilitate notetaking for
doctors when they attend to patients in the police lock-up, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 61 lines 5–6.

mild to moderate methamphetamine withdrawal could be missed. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 105 lines 16–19.

39 Dr Vethamony further stated that he did not specifically ask Saridewi about
hypersomnia, but this should have been monitored by the prison, which has a
CCTV system. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 87 lines 7–9.

He also did not observe any “flat [a]ffect”, which is sometimes presented by
patients who are depressed. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 88 lines 4–9.

Saridewi did not report any increased appetite to Dr Vethamony, and he did not
ask about it. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 87 lines 12–13.

During his examination of Saridewi, he also did not observe any restlessness
or psychomotor retardation, but had in fact observed that she was quite alert.
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 87 lines 15–17.

(3) Dr Chan

40 Dr Chan examined Saridewi on 20 June 2016 at CWP. At the material time, Dr
Chan was a Medical Officer attached to CWP. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

1-ABR at p 88 (Statement of Dr Chan at para 1).

41 Dr Chan testified that she had relied on the symptoms and signs as listed
in the structured drug withdrawal assessment form, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 18 February 2022, p 26 lines 8–11.

and conceded that she had not looked out for specific signs of methamphetamine
withdrawal. She also testified that she had not been specifically looking out
for any symptoms and signs of fatigue or exhaustion, and accepted the
possibility that mild symptoms of fatigue will not be picked up on medical
examination unless the patient actively complains and reports it. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE 18 February 2022, p 37 lines 19–23.

42 Dr Chan was questioned as to the discrepancies between Saridewi’s weight
recorded on the Inmate Admission Medical and Mental Health Screening
Questionnaire administered on 18 June 2016, when it was recorded as 50kg, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

2nd Agreed Bundle (“2-ABR”) at pp 18–19.

and on 24 June 2016, when it was recorded as 55kg. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

2-ABR at pp 12–13.

Dr Chan testified that a 5kg weight increase in a few days is quite
impossible, even in someone with an increased appetite. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 18 February 2022, p 33 lines 2–9.

Dr Chan also noted that Saridewi had not exhibited any abnormalities with her
compliance with instructions. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE 18 February 2022, p 13 lines 2–3.

(4) Dr Wong Kia Boon

43 Dr Wong Kia Boon (“Dr Wong”) examined Saridewi on 21 June 2016, at about
2.05pm at the Central Police Divisional Lock-up for a pre-statement medical
examination, and again at about 6.00pm for a post-statement medical
examination. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1-ABR at p 90 (Statement of Dr Wong at paras 2–3).

At the material time, Dr Wong was attached to Healthway Medical Group Pte Ltd
as an ambulatory physician. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1-ABR at p 112 (Statement of Dr Wong at para 1).

44 Dr Wong testified that the list of signs contained in the structured drug
withdrawal assessment form are “more relevant for opioid withdrawal”. For
methamphetamine withdrawal, a lot of the withdrawal symptoms, including sleep
disturbances and vivid dreams, are “dependent on subjective reporting”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 76 lines 2–6 and lines 26–31; NE 17 February 2022, p 78
lines 14–16.

Dr Wong also stated that the focus of his medical examination had not been
specifically to “pick out withdrawal”, but rather, to ensure that the subject
had mental capacity to undergo interrogation. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 66 lines 3–9; NE 17 February 2022, p 79 lines 1–7.

45 Dr Wong stated that Saridewi did not present symptoms of excessive
sleepiness when he examined her. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 69 line 30 to p 70 line 1.

She also did not present any symptoms of depression or symptoms relating to
depression. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 69 lines 27–28.

The content and rhythm of her speech had been normal. She had also not been
obtunded and had been able to respond to instructions given to her. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 70 lines 6–11.

46 Although Dr Wong agreed that the list of signs and symptoms in the
structured drug withdrawal assessment form was “more biased towards opioid
withdrawal”, which has more physical signs, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 78 lines 14–16.

as opposed to methamphetamine withdrawal. Nonetheless, in his physical
examination of his patients, he would not limit himself to just focusing on
the symptoms listed in the structured drug withdrawal assessment form, and he
would also consider his patients’ general appearance and speech. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 78 lines 22–26.

(5) Dr Cheok Liangzhi

47 Dr Cheok Liangzhi (“Dr Cheok”) examined Saridewi on 24 June 2016 at about
9.40pm at CWP. This was for the purpose of a medical assessment and to obtain
her medical history, before she was remanded. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

2-ABR at p 7 (Statement of Dr Cheok at para 2).

At the material time, Dr Cheok was a Medical Officer attached to the Complex
Medical Centre of the SPS.

48 Dr Cheok conducted a “general cursory examination” to see if there were
“obvious or gross signs of withdrawal”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE 18 February 2022, p 51 lines 16–19.

He confirmed that Saridewi had not displayed any objective signs of lethargy,
eg being slumped over her chair, dozing off in-between questions or being
unable to follow instructions. She also did not subjectively report any
concerns during her history-taking. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 18 February 2022, p 54 lines 8–13.

If Saridewi had been assessed to be lethargic at the material time, Dr Cheok
would have documented that she was lethargic or confused. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE 18 February 2022, p 53 lines 26–27.

(6) Dr Lee

49 Dr Lee interviewed and examined Saridewi on 7, 8 and 14 July 2016 at CWP.
Dr Lee subsequently prepared a psychiatric report dated 15 July 2016. At the
material time, Dr Lee was an Associate Consultant with the Department of
General and Forensic Psychiatry of the IMH. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

2-ABR at p 3 (Statement of Dr Lee).

50 Dr Lee testified that after questioning Saridewi on her drug history during
the forensic psychiatric assessment, he had been satisfied that she was no
longer having any drug withdrawals. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE 8 March 2022, p 4 lines 11–25.

Saridewi also told him that she was not having any withdrawals when her
statements were taken at the Police Cantonment Complex. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 8 March 2022, p 4 lines 20–22.

He was satisfied that Saridewi was aware of what drug withdrawal symptoms
would be presented on abstinence, as she had provided details such as hunger,
sleepiness, weakness and “no backbone”, which he interpreted to refer to
fatigue or tiredness. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE 8 March 2022, p 4 lines 29–32.

51 The Prosecution also asked Dr Lee if he had any personal knowledge of
Saridewi’s intentions to seek release on bail in 2016. Dr Lee testified that
based on his notes, no such matter had been discussed between him and
Saridewi. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE 8 March 2022, p 14 lines 21–31.

(7) Wu Cai Xia

52 Wu Cai Xia (“Ms Wu”) was a staff nurse at CWP who had care of Saridewi on
18 June 2016. Her documentation did not indicate that Saridewi had any
symptoms of methamphetamine withdrawal. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

1-ABR at p 103.

According to Ms Wu, she would observe inmates via CCTV and during physical
rounds. If an inmate was experiencing sleepiness, she would document that the
“patient is sleepy”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE 9 February 2022, p 107 line 30 to p 108 line 7.

(8) Ms Zawiyah

53 Ms Zawiyah was a staff nurse at CWP who had care of Saridewi on 19 June
2016. Her documentation indicated that Saridewi had been “resting most of the
time”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

1-ABR at p 107.

She testified that this meant that she had observed Saridewi lying down in her
cell most of the time, without moving around or exercising. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE 9 February 2022, p 139 line 29 to p 140 line 7.

She did not recall having any difficulty waking Saridewi up. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE 9 February 2022, p 146 lines 11–13.

(9) Ms Maria

54 Ms Maria was a staff nurse in CWP who had care of Saridewi on 20 June 2016.
Her documentation indicated that Saridewi had “slept the whole night” and
“look[ed] lethargic”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

1-ABR at p 108.

She testified that she would only document this if the patient lacked energy
and was difficult to wake up. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 10 February 2022, p 7 lines 5–11 and lines 28–30.

As she had made this record at 6.37am in the morning, she also clarified that
it was possible that Saridewi had appeared sleepy as she was in the process of
waking up and not lethargic per se. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 10 February 2022, p 15 lines 8–18.

55 It is unnecessary for me to outline the evidence of the fourth nurse, Ms
Elvina Tai Yee Tsing, as no reliance was placed on her testimony by the
parties. All four nurses confirmed that Saridewi did not raise any complaints
to them.

Defence’s submissions on the further evidence

56 Saridewi argues that where the opinions of the two doctors differ, Dr
Rajesh’s evidence should be preferred. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Saridewi’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 5.

Dr Zakir did not personally interview Saridewi in arriving at his opinions,
but relied on the documentation of other physicians who attended to her during
the material period. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DCS at para 6.

Dr Lee confirmed during the hearing that if he were providing expert opinion
on a person’s mental condition, it would be more prudent and effective to
conduct a personal interview or assessment of the subject individual, which Dr
Zakir chose not to do. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCS at para 7.

57 Furthermore, Saridewi seeks to discredit Dr Zakir’s reports, alleging that
they were not substantiated and that they showed a clear bias in the
presentation of his evidence. To illustrate this, Saridewi points out that Dr
Zakir was selective in his reliance on scientific research and that he deleted
words from the clinical conclusions in the articles he referred to in order to
suit the Prosecution’s case. Dr Zakir admitted that paragraph 5.2 of his 1st
Report had been adapted from a specific paragraph referenced in Catherine
McGregor et al, “The nature, time course and severity of methamphetamine
withdrawal”, Addiction (2005). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

2-ABR at p 83.

The words used in his report were reproduced from the said article, but Dr
Zakir had selectively removed certain words, such as omitting to say that the
subacute phase of methamphetamine withdrawal lasts “at least” two weeks, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE 11 February 2022, p 9 lines 11–20.

thus giving an opinion in his report at odds with the medical conclusions of
the referenced material. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCS at para 9.

58 Saridewi submits that both experts agree on the symptoms of methamphetamine
withdrawal, in that they refer to the same DSM-V criteria (at [19] above). 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at para 22.

Saridewi further argues that both experts’ views are not different. After Dr
Zakir had sight of Saridewi’s toxicology drug screen results, he confirmed
that Saridewi may have “suffered withdrawal symptoms from Methamphetamine
after she was arrested on 17th June 2016, due to abrupt cessation of the use”
(at [31] above). 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at para 20.

Dr Rajesh is of the same opinion, since he opined in his 3rd Report that
Saridewi had been suffering from amphetamine withdrawal between 18 and 24 June
2016 (at [24] above). 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at para 21.

59 As to the extent of her condition, Saridewi relies on the AWQ administered
by Dr Rajesh that suggests that she had been suffering from at least moderate
withdrawal at the material time. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at para 23.

According to Dr Rajesh, the greater the severity of the withdrawal, the more
one’s cognitive processes can be affected. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DCS at para 26.

Saridewi submits that symptoms that would have impeded her ability to give a
reliable statement include her depressed mood and fatigue as her body was in
“shut down mode” during the relevant period. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS at para 29.

60 Saridewi’s symptoms during the relevant time could have been missed by the
physicians who examined her as the structured drug withdrawal assessment form
used by the SPS is not designed to capture symptoms and signs of
methamphetamine withdrawal, but more those of opioid withdrawal, which entails
a different set of symptoms and signs. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS at para 32.

As the physicians used the template drug assessment form deployed at CWP, the
relevant questions indicating the symptoms of methamphetamine withdrawal would
not be asked of persons in remand such as Saridewi. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS at para 33.

Furthermore, as suggested by Dr Rajesh, it is not reasonable to expect general
practitioners to know of or be aware of all methamphetamine withdrawal
symptoms. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS at para 43(c).

Accordingly, if Saridewi did not volunteer her symptoms, it would be unlikely
for the physicians to identify them. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS at para 47(c)(iii).

This is further supported by the cross-examination of the doctors who examined
Saridewi at CWP from 18 to 24 June 2016 – Dr Wong, Dr Vethamony and Dr Tan in
particular stated that they could have missed mild symptoms of methamphetamine
withdrawal. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

DCS at paras 47(c)(iii), 48(f), 49(c).

61 Lastly, Saridewi points out that she was labouring under the impression
that she could be offered bail in spite of her capital charge. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

DCS at para 67.

As she testified during the remitted hearing, one of her motivations when
giving her statements to Dr Lee had been to present a good impression to him
in the hope that she could obtain bail. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

DCS at para 68.

As such, she did not mention that she was suffering from methamphetamine
withdrawal and downplayed her “ice” consumption, when in reality, she had been
consuming up to 5 grams of “ice” a day. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCS at para 70.

Prosecution’s submissions on the further evidence

62 The Prosecution submits that the totality of the evidence shows that
Saridewi’s statements are reliable. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 4.

First, the Prosecution submits that Saridewi’s statements reflect her mental
clarity at the time. Saridewi herself made several admissions that establish
that she was lucid during her statement-recording. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PCS at para 17.

She admitted that she had consciously and deliberately lied in her statements,
which reflects goal-directed thinking. An individual undergoing withdrawal
would not be able to lie continuously during the period of withdrawal. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PCS at para 21.

Furthermore, she was able to recollect the events leading up to her arrest,
providing details such as her feelings and actions of disposing the drugs,
which show her alertness and active engagement during the course of her
statement-recording. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PCS at para 22.

The statements also disclosed information that only she knew about, such as
the fact that she did not have a regular source of income. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PCS at para 26.

Saridewi herself also accepted that all the information was uniquely within
her knowledge. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PCS at para 26.

63 The Prosecution further submits that Saridewi was not suffering from any
methamphetamine withdrawal at the relevant time. Saridewi admitted to Dr Lee
that she had not suffered from drug withdrawal during her statement-taking.
Across the two statements recorded on 23 June 2016, Saridewi also made
positive assertions that she was “feeling fine and…can give [her] statement”
[emphasis added]. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PCS at para 32; 1-ABR at p 49 and p 53.

She also did not ask to postpone her statement-recording over the three-day
period of 21 to 23 June 2016. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

PCS at para 33.

Even if Saridewi was suffering from methamphetamine withdrawal, her symptoms
based on her claims were mild to moderate and they did not affect the
reliability of her statements. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

PCS at para 42.

64 The Prosecution urges the court to reject Dr Rajesh’s evidence and opinion.
To substantiate this, the Prosecution submits that Dr Rajesh relied heavily,
if not solely on Saridewi’s self-reports in formulating his opinion and that
he accepted that these self-reports constituted a major part of his opinion.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PCS at para 48(a).

The symptoms that Saridewi had self-reported to Dr Rajesh are inconsistent
with her position during the 2018 trial – while she reported to Dr Rajesh that
she had experienced symptoms of an increase in appetite and psychomotor
retardation, this was not raised during the 2018 trial. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS at para 63.

Dr Rajesh’s assessment also arises from the results of the AWQ, which was
administered four years after the event and was therefore not validly
administered. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PCS at para 66.

Dr Rajesh had also failed to set out Saridewi’s account of the statement-
taking process. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 51.

His reports fail to consider Saridewi’s lies, her recollection of specific
events, her ability to study photographs and identify exhibits, as well as to
furnish details and to understand the contents of her statements. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PCS at para 57.

65 The Prosecution also submits that it is implausible that Saridewi’s
symptoms would have gone unnoticed by all her doctors and nurses given their
experience and familiarity with withdrawal symptoms. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCS at para 96.

Dr Rajesh himself conceded that doctors who were aware of methamphetamine
withdrawal symptoms and who worked regularly with such patients should be able
to pick up on withdrawal symptoms. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

PCS at para 98.

Findings arising from the further evidence in the remitted hearing

Questions 1 and 2: What are the symptoms of methamphetamine withdrawal and do
the experts agree that Saridewi was suffering from methamphetamine withdrawal
between 18 and 24 June 2016?

66 Dr Rajesh and Dr Zakir agree that the symptoms of methamphetamine
withdrawal are as listed in the DSM-V, as set out above at [19].

67 Saridewi’s case that she was suffering from methamphetamine withdrawal
between 18 and 24 June 2016 centred mainly on her dysphoric mood and alleged
withdrawal symptoms of fatigue, hypersomnia (or excessive sleepiness),
increased appetite and psychomotor retardation. She did not claim to have
experienced any vivid or unpleasant dreams.

68 From the experts’ explanations at the remitted hearing, they agree that
Saridewi was suffering from methamphetamine withdrawal based primarily on her
self-reported account of drug use and her IUT result. It appears to be common
ground that she did suffer from methamphetamine withdrawal in the immediate
aftermath of her arrest on 17 June 2016 (see [22] and [31] above). However,
they disagree on the degree of severity of her withdrawal and the extent to
which she suffered from withdrawal during the statement-taking period.

69 The pivotal considerations therefore relate to Question 3 which is the
primary point of contention in the remitted hearing. I shall elaborate on my
reasons for my assessment of the severity of her withdrawal in due course in
dealing with Question 3 below.

Question 3: What was the extent of Saridewi’s condition?

The experts’ assessment of her withdrawal symptoms

70 In relation to Question 3a as framed by the Court of Appeal, namely whether
it is possible to be more specific as to the extent of Saridewi’s
methamphetamine withdrawal, both experts were clear that she did not suffer
from severe withdrawal that was objectively observable during the relevant
period.

71 It would appear that the experts broadly agree that it is not possible to
be more specific as to the precise extent of her withdrawal. Dr Zakir
suggested at the remitted hearing that her withdrawal symptoms, if present,
had likely been mild to moderate, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE 10 February 2022, p 44 lines 30–31.

as she did not report or exhibit any major withdrawal symptoms (see [32]–[33]
above), while Dr Rajesh opined that she “probably” had moderate withdrawal
symptoms at the time of her statement-taking (see [26] above). 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

1-ABR at p 201 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 16).

Dr Rajesh also accepted that it was difficult to comment on the severity of
her withdrawal since no specific or structured assessment scale was used. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

1-ABR at p 200 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 14).

It must be borne in mind that they had both prepared their reports based
substantially on Saridewi’s self-reported accounts. Moreover, Dr Zakir did not
examine Saridewi personally, as his remit was to respond to and comment on the
reports prepared by Dr Rajesh and those of the other physicians who examined
her at the material time. Pertinently, neither of them had the benefit of any
contemporaneous observation or evaluation of her alleged symptoms.

72 As I shall explain in the analysis below, the critical and dispositive
consideration in the remitted hearing is that the further evidence does not
show that Saridewi suffered significant withdrawal symptoms (if any) during
the statement-taking period. This turns primarily on the credibility of
Saridewi’s allegations, as well as my assessment of the cogency of the
experts’ views on the severity of her condition.

Credibility of Saridewi’s account during the remitted hearing

73 At the remitted hearing, Saridewi maintained her claims to have felt very
sleepy and lethargic, being in “shut down mode” 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 42 lines 7–10.

and wanting the statement-taking process to conclude quickly so that she could
sleep. She maintained that she had “felt depressed” 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 7 lines 7–11, p 11 lines 16–17.

during the relevant period and felt agitated, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 91 lines 7–9.

though her evidence in support of the latter claim was inconsistent. Arising
from the additional evidence, there were also a number of fresh allegations in
Saridewi’s account of her withdrawal. For example, she also reported feeling
anxious, tense, 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 10 lines 13–21.

experiencing an increased appetite 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 88 lines 10–17.

and psychomotor retardation. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 17 lines 6–7, 27; NE 8 February 2022, p 18 line 10.

These were not disclosed previously at her trial.

74 It is pertinent to note that during the trial, Saridewi had already raised
the issue of her allegedly suffering from some drug withdrawal symptoms,
including lethargy and sleepiness. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE 9 May 2018, p 73 lines 4–5, 8–11.

There is no reason why she could not have surfaced the full extent of her
alleged withdrawal symptoms earlier during the trial, if indeed they were
genuine. As the Prosecution rightly points out, she was an experienced “ice”
user and was familiar with the relevant withdrawal symptoms. For the very
first time, she claimed at the remitted hearing that she had suffered anxiety
during the statement-taking period to the extent that her hands would shake.
She also claimed that her heart had been beating fast and she had been unable
to breathe. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 10 lines 13–21.

Not only were all these never previously raised at her trial, they were not
even mentioned to Dr Rajesh in any of his six interviews with her from 12
March 2019 to 22 October 2020.

75 It is telling that Saridewi gave inconsistent accounts of having felt
agitated, based on what she stated to the doctors (including Dr Rajesh) and
her evidence at trial and the remitted hearing. She claimed during the trial
that she had been agitated during the statement-taking process. However, her
evidence in this regard was in a constant flux. In Dr Rajesh’s clinical notes,
she was first recorded as reporting that she had experienced agitation, 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

2-ABR at p 29 (Dr Rajesh’s clinical notes transcript on 10/10/2019).

but she reversed her position a year later at a subsequent interview when the
AWQ was administered. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

2-ABR at p 30 (Dr Rajesh’s clinical notes transcript on 14/10/2020).

This resulted in Dr Rajesh recording “[n]ot at all” in response to the AWQ
question of whether she had felt agitated. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

1-ABR at p 203.

At the remitted hearing, she claimed that she had felt agitated from 21 to 23
June 2016. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 90 lines 9–15.

She further claimed only at the remitted hearing, again for the very first
time, that she had been “stammering” and that her hands had been shaking
during the statement-taking process. These details were not surfaced to Dr
Rajesh before, despite her having had six opportunities to do so when he
interviewed her.

76 It should also be noted that psychomotor retardation and agitation are
binary symptoms in the DSM-V, yet Saridewi claimed, quite incredibly, to have
experienced both. The very first time she mentioned having experienced
psychomotor retardation, which according to her was similar to being in “shut
down mode”, was during the 14 October 2020 interview with Dr Rajesh, more than
four years after her arrest on 17 June 2016. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

2-ABR at p 30 (Dr Rajesh’s clinical notes transcript on 14/10/2020).

Pertinently, this was only after the Court of Appeal had raised its queries
for the remitted hearing.

77 In another key area of contention, Saridewi claimed to have experienced an
increased appetite among her methamphetamine withdrawal symptoms. She claimed
that this was supported by a purported weight gain of 5kg across the few days
during the statement-taking period. It is self-evident that there must have
been an error in the recording of her weight since such rapid weight gain
within such a brief duration is inherently incredible, a view echoed by Dr
Chan (at [42] above). The very first time she mentioned having had increased
appetite was during the 10 October 2019 interview with Dr Rajesh, more than
three years after her arrest. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

2-ABR at p 28 (Dr Rajesh’s clinical notes transcript on 10/10/2019).

78 In my view, it is highly likely that Saridewi strenuously sought to shore
up her alleged withdrawal symptoms at the remitted hearing after Dr Rajesh had
elicited her responses on the factors listed in the AWQ. Illustrations of such
self-prompted additions include her mention of anxiety, increased appetite and
psychomotor retardation, all of which were listed among the AWQ factors though
not specifically in similar terms among the DSM-V criteria. She also
maintained at the remitted hearing that she had felt agitated in spite of
stating the exact opposite in response to the AWQ. By the time she testified
during the remitted hearing, she would have seen Dr Rajesh’s three reports and
the list of DSM-V criteria for methamphetamine withdrawal which were outlined
in Dr Rajesh’s 2nd Report.

79 I am therefore of the view that the additional details of withdrawal
symptoms furnished by Saridewi only emerged as afterthoughts. They were
crafted in an attempt to bolster her allegations during the remitted hearing.
They were plainly tailored to fit either the AWQ or the DSM-V criteria for
methamphetamine withdrawal as outlined in Dr Rajesh’s reports as fully as
possible. As such, I consider these to be material inconsistencies in her
evidence as a whole which seriously affect her credibility.

The severity of Saridewi’s condition

(1) Dr Rajesh’s opinion

80 Dr Rajesh opined that Saridewi had been suffering from “at least moderate
withdrawal” during the statement-taking period, 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

1-ABR at p 201 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 15).

which affected the reliability of the statements that she gave (see [26]
above). However, Dr Rajesh’s heavy reliance on Saridewi’s AWQ responses and
her self-reported accounts poses several difficulties. To begin with, Dr
Rajesh’s use of the AWQ itself is controversial. It is not disputed that usage
of the AWQ is not an accepted protocol in local clinical practice. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

1-ABR at p 199 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 8).

The research paper that accompanies the AWQ also acknowledges that one of its
limitations is that the number of patients participating in the factor
analysis conducted in Thailand only had a small sample size of 102 cases, and
more studies with a larger number of patients, among other criteria, should be
conducted. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

2-ABR at p 74.

In addition, as Dr Zakir testified, apart from the first and ninth question on
the AWQ, the majority of the questions are not specific to methamphetamine
withdrawal, and are instead general questions that could overlap with various
other psychiatric diagnoses. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE 10 February 2022, p 55 line 26 to p 56 line 5.

In my view, this calls into question the reliability of the AWQ.

81 More importantly, even if the AWQ is accepted to be a reliable diagnostic
tool for methamphetamine withdrawal, such a questionnaire is meant to be
administered to assess withdrawal symptoms experienced within the past 24
hours. This is clearly stated at the top of the AWQ itself. In the present
case, by the time the AWQ was administered to Saridewi, four years had elapsed
since her alleged withdrawal symptoms. The self-reported responses must surely
be prone to recall errors at the very least, and recollection bias at worse.
While Dr Rajesh testified that he had only administered the AWQ in response to
the Court of Appeal’s queries on the extent of Saridewi’s condition while
bearing in mind its limitations (see [25] above), these caveats do not
adequately address the concerns I have concerning the reliability and utility
of the AWQ.

82 Where expert medical opinion is based almost entirely on an accused
person’s self-reported symptoms, the court also has to consider “the cogency
and limits of the medical evidence complemented by, where appropriate, an
understanding of human experience and common sense” (see Ilechukwu Uchechukwu
Chukwudi v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 67 at [95]). In this regard, the
Court of Appeal in Teo Ghim Heng v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGCA 10 (“Teo Ghim
Heng”) at [39] also considered that an accused person’s self-reported symptoms
should be considered in light of the additional information from people who
would ordinarily interact with the accused person, as it is not uncommon for
accused persons to exaggerate or malinger symptoms. In Teo Ghim Heng, the
Court of Appeal found that the appellant’s evidence on his alleged depressed
mood had been externally and internally inconsistent, which lent credence to
the finding that his self-reported symptoms were unreliable as a whole (at
[53]).

83 Reverting to the present case, I find that Saridewi’s evidence was
externally and internally inconsistent. Fundamentally, the further evidence of
the physicians who examined Saridewi reinforced my principal findings at
trial. They were consistent in affirming that they did not notice any signs or
symptoms of drug withdrawal, and specifically of methamphetamine withdrawal.
Saridewi was able to respond and communicate with them in a lucid and coherent
fashion at all relevant times. She was alert and oriented, and did not raise
any complaints to them of drug withdrawal. In a similar vein, the recording
officer, Investigating Officer Peh Zhen Hao (“IO Peh”), had confirmed that she
was in a proper condition to give her statements during the statement-taking
period. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE 18 February 2022, p 64 lines 6–11.

Crucially, Saridewi herself acknowledged during the remitted hearing that she
had “felt fine” during the statement-taking period, that she had been able to
recall the preceding events, and that she had been able to give her statements
in considerable detail. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 16 lines 6–11; p 23 lines 11–22; p 23 line 31 to p 24
line 3; p 40 line 24 to p 41 line 10; p 47 lines 7–11.

84 In the four days spanning Saridewi’s arrest and admission to CWP for drug
withdrawal observation from 17 June 2016 to 20 June 2016, just before she gave
her first statement, Ms Maria’s observation notes did record that Saridewi
looked sleepy and lethargic on one occasion (ie, on 20 June 2016; see [54]
above). 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

1-ABR at p 108.

This observation should however be understood in its proper context, namely
that it was documented in the early morning when Saridewi had just been roused
from her sleep. Moreover, there were no other similar observations recorded by
the nurses or any of the doctors at any point in time. It is far more likely
that this was an isolated instance.

85 In my assessment, Saridewi’s accounts were taken largely at face value by
Dr Rajesh and simply assumed to be truthful and accurate. There was little or
no accounting for the fact that she had given different accounts previously in
her statements and at her trial, long before Dr Rajesh first interviewed her.
He was not even aware that Saridewi had previously told Dr Lee that she had
not suffered any withdrawal symptoms at the relevant time. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE 9 February 2022, p 26 lines 1–13.

Notwithstanding the documented observations from the doctors and nurses who
had previously interacted with her, Dr Rajesh was quick to dismiss these
observations as being tenuous or inadequate while glossing over the fact that
they were consistent and contemporaneous observations. He also glossed over
the fact that she had given intentional, detailed and coherent statements
containing information which only she could have furnished. Within these
statements, she had deliberately woven in false exculpatory accounts. This
strongly suggests that she was well-oriented and in a fit and proper condition
to give her statements.

86 In my view, there are fundamental defects in Dr Rajesh’s reports which
diminish the objectivity, credibility and reliability of his expert opinion.
While I would not characterise Dr Rajesh as a partisan witness, his
objectivity is questionable primarily because he had relied almost
unquestioningly on Saridewi’s self-reported account. The upshot is that even
if Dr Rajesh had correctly assessed Saridewi to have suffered withdrawal
symptoms up to and during the statement-taking period, he had in all
likelihood made an overly generous assessment of the severity of her
condition.

87 To further illustrate Dr Rajesh’s lack of objectivity, he had plainly
suggested in his 3rd Report that “a slow heart rate (bradycardia) is also a
sign of amphetamine withdrawal”, 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

1-ABR at p 200 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 11).

and that this was ostensibly supported by Ms Zawiyah’s record of Saridewi’s
pulse rate at 62 on 19 June 2016. However, when asked for clarification, he
claimed quite disingenuously that he had not said it was bradycardia and
conceded that a heart rate measured at above 60 did not amount to clinical
evidence of bradycardia. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE 9 February 2022, p 55 line 31 to p 56 line 11.

It would thus follow that his opinion (as contained in his 3rd Report) that
Saridewi had an “objective sign of slower heart rate which can be caused by
methamphetamine withdrawal” 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

1-ABR at p 201 (Dr Rajesh’s 3rd Report at para 15).

was seriously flawed. To round off, I note that Saridewi in fact claimed when
cross-examined that among her withdrawal symptoms, her heart had been beating
fast due to her anxiety, rather than too slowly.

(2) Dr Zakir’s opinion

88 Dr Zakir acknowledged that given Saridewi’s self-reported history of
methamphetamine usage, she could have experienced withdrawal symptoms after
her arrest, but also opined that she was unlikely to have experienced anything
beyond mild to moderate withdrawal 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NE 10 February 2022, p 44 lines 30–31.

as there were no observable symptoms (see [32]–[33] above). At any rate, any
symptoms she might have experienced did not prove bothersome to her, as she
did not surface any complaints to the multiple physicians who examined her.
Apart from the absence of complaints of withdrawal, he noted that Saridewi did
not exhibit any significant distress or impairment that would greatly impact
her ability to give her statements. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

1-ABR at p 133 (Dr Zakir’s 3rd Report at question QD).

89 Dr Zakir therefore opined, consistent with the extrinsic objective
evidence, that her ability to give reliable statements during the statement-
taking period had not been affected. He further opined that most clinicians
are capable of noticing moderate to severe withdrawal symptoms and in the case
of amphetamine use disorder, the withdrawal symptoms tend to be short, mild
and self-limiting, such that in most cases, they tend to resolve within a
week. I find these opinions reasonable and persuasive.

90 In his references to the relevant scientific and academic literature, Dr
Zakir has summarised and consolidated the salient points. I see no basis for
the Defence’s criticism at [57] above that Dr Zakir failed to digest these
points, as Dr Zakir’s consolidation of the points is consistent with the key
components of the literature in question. In particular, Dr Zakir testified
that his findings were a “combination” of his research, 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE 17 February 2022, p 39 lines 20–28.

considering the DSM-V, textbooks, the research literature which he extracted
and his clinical experience. I agree with Dr Zakir that the research articles
that he relies on, cumulatively, point justifiably to the finding that the
severity of methamphetamine withdrawal has a high initial peak, but
subsequently is mild and tends to resolve within a week. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

2-ABR at p 75, p 83, p 93 and p 125.

91 As a whole, I find Dr Zakir’s opinion to be more measured and objective. In
the circumstances, I accept Dr Zakir’s opinion that Saridewi’s state of
methamphetamine withdrawal was mild to moderate at most. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE 10 February 2022, p 44 lines 30–31.

This is more consistent with the totality of the evidence, including her own
accounts and admissions, and having regard to the inconsistencies and constant
shifts in her accounts. I find that the severity of her condition was
exaggerated in her AWQ responses and her self-reported accounts to Dr Rajesh.
I find that she was unlikely to have suffered from any significant withdrawal
symptoms by the time her statements were actually recorded.

92 I agree with the Prosecution that the fact that Dr Zakir did not personally
interview Saridewi is immaterial. As stated in Public Prosecutor v Irwan bin
Ali [2016] SGHC 191 at [59], an expert’s evidence may be accepted even where
he did not interview the accused. Moreover, as Saridewi herself admitted
during the remitted hearing, she had not raised any complaints of her
condition and had felt fine during the statement-recording process. She
claimed that she had withheld mentioning her symptoms to Dr Lee, in an effort
to bolster her purported request for bail (see [10] above). These points
contradicted her claims of how serious her drug withdrawal had been.

93 Bail would not be granted for an accused charged with a capital offence:
see s 95(1)(a) of the CPC. In any case, the District Court’s notes of evidence
pertaining to Saridewi’s court mentions from 18 June 2016 to 23 May 2017 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

2-ABR at pp 153–162.

do not show that she made any specific request for bail during these sessions.
In addition, Dr Lee’s clinical notes indicate that Saridewi had not discussed
with him her intention to request for bail (see [51] above). This casts
serious doubt on her claims in relation to bail requests.

Implications on her ability to give reliable statements

94 Dr Lee was satisfied that Saridewi had been aware of what the relevant
withdrawal symptoms were, and it is not disputed that she admitted to him that
she was not in withdrawal during the statement-taking period. Her own
admission at trial and at the remitted hearing was that she had “felt fine”
and had been able to provide her statements. The contents of her statements
also show that she gave detailed and coherent accounts with specific
particulars which only she was in a position to elucidate to IO Peh, such as
the events and activities of the day before her arrest when she had placed an
order for drugs from one “Bobby”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

1-ABR at p 10 (Saridewi’s statement dated 22 June 2016 at paras 2–3).

For instance, she was able to recount specific details leading up to her
receipt of the heroin consignment from her co-accused, the specific floor on
which the drug transaction took place (“17th floor”), 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

1-ABR at p 50 (Saridewi’s statement dated 23 June 2016 at para 15).

the time of the CNB raid (“not long before the officers came”) 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

1-ABR at p 50 (Saridewi’s statement dated 23 June 2016 at para 16).

and her experiences of the raid (“I heard the sound of the tools and I saw the
sparks from the door”). 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

1-ABR at p 50 (Saridewi’s statement dated 23 June 2016 at para 16).

She was also able to review and engage with various exhibits and photographs
that were shown to her, and to provide her position on them. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

1-ABR at p 11 (Saridewi’s statement dated 22 June 2016 at paras 4–6).

95 In this connection, I accept Dr Zakir’s evidence that Saridewi’s ability to
provide reliable statements was not compromised or affected in any way by any
alleged drug withdrawal symptoms. She did not exhibit any significant distress
or impairment that impacted her ability to give coherent testimony during the
statement-taking period. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

1-ABR at p 133 (Dr Zakir’s 3rd Report at question QD).

While Saridewi could have felt lethargic and sleepy as a result of her
methamphetamine withdrawal during the statement-taking period, I find that
this was not so debilitating that she was unable to provide reliable
statements within which she had consciously interlaced various false
exculpatory accounts. After all, she accepted that her withdrawal symptoms
were not bothersome to her. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NE 7 February 2022, p 81 lines 17–22.

Even in re-examination on this issue, she confirmed that she had thought that
she was “just sleepy”, but that she had still been “able to listen” and to
“just answer spontaneously whatever that [had been] asked”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE 8 February 2022, p 42 lines 14–20.

Whether it is plausible that her withdrawal symptoms would have been missed by
the doctors who examined her at the relevant time

96 In relation to Question 3e as framed by the Court of Appeal, a key
contention among the Defence’s submissions is that the doctors who examined
Saridewi during the statement-taking period were not specifically trained to
observe symptoms pertaining to methamphetamine withdrawal, or did not adopt
appropriate methodology to specifically detect such symptoms. However, as the
doctors explained at the remitted hearing, what was more crucial was that
there had been no objectively observable or noticeable symptoms or signs of
distress to begin with, and no subjective complaints from Saridewi herself.
Although the structured drug withdrawal assessment form used by the SPS is
generic, this does not in and of itself mean that the observations made by the
doctors were unreliable or inaccurate.

97 Further, the fact that the doctors and nurses who observed Saridewi had
conducted what Dr Rajesh described as “cross-sectional” assessments, rather
than a longitudinal assessment, did not materially detract from the cogency of
their observations. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE 9 February 2022, p 31 lines 10–16.

These observations were consistent as a whole and were made separately and
independently over the relevant time frame.

98 It was suggested that since at least one nurse, Ms Maria, had noted that
Saridewi had slept the whole night and looked “lethargic” on 20 June 2016 (see
[54] above), this would corroborate Saridewi’s account. However, this was
neither here nor there as it was an isolated instance. It would also not be
appropriate to equate this observation of lethargy with Saridewi being so
disoriented as to be in “shut down mode”. There were no other consistent
observations of a similar nature. Equally, while another nurse, Ms Zawiyah,
had noted on 19 June 2016 that Saridewi was “resting most of the time” (see
[53] above), this was a neutral observation given that Saridewi was undergoing
remand in a prison environment and was not noted to be restless, agitated or
aggressive.

99 Saridewi’s IUT result provides a possible objective indicator that she
likely suffered from methamphetamine withdrawal at least immediately upon
arrest. Nevertheless, this would not necessarily compel the inference that she
was unable to give accurate or reliable statements during the statement-taking
period. The further evidence also shows that she did not exhibit clear or
noticeable signs of such withdrawal up to the time of the statement-taking
period. As mentioned above at [96], Saridewi also did not raise any complaints
or issues to the doctors or nurses.

100 If Saridewi had indeed exhibited or experienced the plethora of symptoms
as she alleged, I find that it is highly implausible that all the doctors who
examined her would have failed to notice any of these symptoms. If she were
capable of masking the symptoms, as she appeared to have suggested in respect
of her interactions with Dr Lee in particular as she wanted to be bailed out
and thus did not want to complain of having withdrawal symptoms (see [10]
above), this would equally suggest that the symptoms (if any) were hardly as
severe as she claimed.

101 For completeness, I should also add that I find no merit in the Defence’s
suggestion that Dr Lee’s clinical notes ought to have been disclosed earlier
during Saridewi’s trial. There was every opportunity for the Defence to have
asked to peruse these notes, if deemed relevant, during the trial and I had
expressly confirmed with Saridewi’s (then) counsel that he had no issues with
Dr Lee making reference to his notes. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE 2 May 2018, p 10 lines 5–12.

Conclusion

102 Having carefully considered the further evidence in totality, I conclude
that Saridewi had at most been suffering from mild to moderate methamphetamine
withdrawal during the statement-taking period. I agree with Dr Zakir’s
assessment that her withdrawal symptoms were minimal and not noticeable, and
she did not surface them, thus suggesting that they were not particularly
debilitating.

103 In my assessment, Saridewi embellished her account of alleged withdrawal
symptoms at the remitted hearing for self-serving purposes. Her alleged
symptoms went far beyond what (if any) had been observed contemporaneously by
the doctors, nurses and the SPS officers. She did not mention additional
details of these symptoms at her trial. She also did not raise any complaints
to the doctors or the nurses, or to the recording officer during the
statement-taking period. Some of her alleged symptoms were not even mentioned
to Dr Rajesh despite the fact that he had interviewed her on six separate
occasions between March 2019 to October 2020.

104 I further find that Saridewi did not exhibit or suffer significant
withdrawal symptoms at all material times. If Saridewi’s symptoms were indeed
as serious as she claimed, it is implausible that all the doctors who examined
her contemporaneously would not have noticed them, even if they did not adopt
any specific methodology for detecting methamphetamine withdrawal. The nurses
who observed her also generally did not notice clear symptoms which could be
attributed solely to methamphetamine withdrawal.

105 The totality of the further evidence does not affect my earlier rulings in
relation to Saridewi’s statements. Notwithstanding my finding that she had
been suffering from mild to moderate methamphetamine withdrawal, Saridewi was
still capable of providing intentional, detailed and lucid accounts in her
statements. She provided specific and contextualised particulars which were
only within her personal knowledge (see [94] above). She was also deliberate
and consistent in fabricating a defence to the IO in all her statements that
she was not involved in drug trafficking. Her ability to give her statements
was thus not impaired.

106 Having regard to the further evidence at the remitted hearing, I am of the
view that Saridewi has not raised any reasonable doubt as to her mental state
and condition during the statement-taking period. I see no reason therefore to
depart from my conclusion at the trial in relation to Saridewi’s guilt.

107 I would add that even if the statements recorded from 21 to 23 June 2016
are excluded from consideration, there is still sufficient evidence to support
the Prosecution’s case. As explained in my GD at [61] to [69] in particular,
Saridewi had failed to rebut the presumption under s 17 of the MDA that she
was in possession of the drugs for the purpose of trafficking, and this
remains so even without consideration of her statements.

108 I remit my findings on the further evidence accordingly to the Court of
Appeal for its consideration.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Marcus Foo and Lim Shin Hui (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Koh Choon Guan Daniel (Eldan Law LLP), Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam (Withers
KhattarWong LLP) and Wong Hong Weng Stephen (Matthew Chiong Partnership) for
the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Jun 2022 (12:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

