Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Singapore international commercial court of

  
the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(I) 10

Suit No 4 of 2020

Between

(1)| Tamar Perry  
---|---  
(2)| Solid Fund Private Foundation  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Bonnet Esculier Servane Michele Thais  
---|---  
(2)| Jacques Henri Georges Esculier  
  
… Defendants

Counterclaim

Between

(1)| Bonnet Esculier Servane Michele Thais  
---|---  
(2)| Jacques Henri Georges Esculier  
  
… Plaintiffs in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Tamar Perry  
---|---  
(2)| Solid Fund Private Foundation  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

Judgment

[Conflict of Laws — Choice of law — Equity]

[Conflict of Laws — Choice of law — Property]

[Trusts — Constructive trusts]

[Trusts — Recipient liability — Proprietary liability]

[Trusts — Resulting Trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Perry, Tamar and another

  
v

  

Esculier, Bonnet Servane Michele Thais and another

[2022] SGHC(I) 10

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 4 of 2020  
Simon Thorley IJ  
14, 16–18, 21, 22 March, 21, 22 April 2022

15 July 2022 Judgment reserved.

Simon Thorley IJ:

Introduction and background

1 Both the Plaintiffs and Defendants were investors in funds administered by a
group of companies trading under various names, each comprising as its
principal denominator the word “Lexinta”. The activities of each of these
companies were directed by a Spanish citizen resident in Switzerland, Bismark
Badilla (“Badilla”). Whilst it will be necessary to consider the roles played
by a number of these companies individually, where it is not necessary to draw
any distinction between the individual Lexinta companies I shall refer to them
compendiously as “Lexinta”.

2 The Defendants were relatively early investors, their initial investment
being made in April 2014. In late 2015, they expressed a desire to realise the
reported accumulated assets of their investment and it was agreed that this
would be done in April 2016. Payment was not then forthcoming, but, following
demands made on the Defendants’ behalf – over a period of months between
August 2016 and February 2017 – sums amounting to around US$10 million were
credited to the Defendants’ bank account with DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS”) in
Singapore (the “Disputed Monies”).

3 Between April 2016 and August 2017, the Plaintiffs, or persons from whom the
Plaintiffs claim to derive title, deposited in excess of US$24 million with
Lexinta (the “Plaintiffs’ Fund”) and contend that instead of investing that
fund as agreed, Lexinta dissipated it directly to earlier investors including
the Defendants as part of a Ponzi scheme.

4 In March 2018, the first Plaintiff, Ms Tamar Perry (“TP”), and another
person, Mr Yachel Baker (“YB”), obtained ex parte discovery orders from the
Hong Kong courts against DBS for the banking records of the Lexinta group
claiming to have been victims of a fraudulent Ponzi scheme. This order
resulted in TP becoming aware that the Disputed Monies had been transferred
into the Defendants’ DBS bank account.

5 The Plaintiffs assert that those transfers were the result of back-to-back
transfers of some of the Plaintiffs’ Fund such that, in law, those sums belong
to the Plaintiffs and not the Defendants. Accordingly, in May 2018, TP’s
lawyers in Hong Kong demanded that DBS transfer the Disputed Monies to her. As
a result, at some date thereafter, DBS froze the Defendants’ bank account.

6 It was not, however, until March 2019 that the Defendants became aware that
the funds in their DBS account had been frozen and that TP had demanded that
the sums involved be transferred to her. Discussions between the parties then
ensued which failed to result in agreement as to the ownership of the Disputed
Monies.

7 Faced with the conflicting claims, DBS availed itself of the Interpleader
proceedings provided for by Order 17 of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed).

8 Interpleader proceedings have to be commenced by an Originating Summons and
DBS did this in the Singapore High Court on 8 August 2020. This was HC/OS
1016/2019 (“OS 1016”) and it named the first Defendant in this suit, Mrs
Bonnet Esculier Servane Michele Thais (“BE”), TP and YB as the first, second
and third defendants respectively.

9 OS 1016 first came on for hearing before Dedar Singh Gill JC (as he then
was) on 10 January 2020. YB renounced any claim to the Disputed Monies and
therefore played no further part in the proceedings. Paragraph 2 of Gill JC’s
order (HC/ORC 1066/2020, the “Order”) made pursuant to O 17 r 5(1)(b)
provided:

2\. [BE] and the [TP] shall proceed to have their respective claims to the
Disputed Monies determined with the [TP] to be the plaintiff in such further
proceedings (the “Further Proceedings”) and [BE], the defendant. The [YB]
shall not be a party to the Further Proceedings.

10 Paragraph 3 of the Order directed that TP should file a Statement of Claim
in the Further Proceedings. Orders were made for a cross-undertaking in
damages from TP and for security for costs. Paragraph 7 dispensed with DBS’s
attendance at any further hearings of the Further Proceedings. Finally,
paragraph 8 reserved the costs of OS 1016, and paragraph 9 gave all parties
liberty to apply.

11 Following certain procedural complications, at a further hearing on 17
March 2020 leave was given for the second Defendant in this suit, Mr Jacques
Esculier (“JE”), to be joined as the fourth defendant in OS 1016 and for the
second Plaintiff in this suit, Solid Fund Private Foundation (“SFPF”), to be
joined as the fifth defendant in OS 1016.

12 The “Further Proceedings” were therefore commenced in the High Court on 19
March 2020 (HC/S 259/2020) naming TP as Plaintiff and BE and JE as Defendants.
On 20 March 2020, the Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim were amended to
include SFPF as the second Plaintiff.

13 On 9 June 2020, the High Court proceedings were transferred to the
Singapore International Commercial Court and the suit was re-designated SIC/S
4/2020.

14 Once the claims in this action are resolved, OS 1016 will be restored under
the liberty to apply provision so that DBS can be directed to pay the Disputed
Monies to the successful party and any consequential orders can be made.

The Lexinta companies

15 In the Statement of Claim, five Lexinta Companies are identified:

(a) Lexinta AG (“LAG”), a Swiss company formerly registered in Zug but re-
registered in Zurich on 15 September 2015;

(b) Lexinta Group Limited (“LGL”), a company registered in Hong Kong;

(c) Lexinta Limited (“LL”), a company registered in Hong Kong;

(d) Lexinta Management Limited (“LML”), a company registered in Hong Kong; and

(e) Lexinta Inc (“L Inc”), a company registered in the Seychelles.

16 Particular attention needs to be paid to LGL as the expression “Lexinta
Group” is also used in the contemporaneous documents and by witnesses as well
as counsel during the trial to refer to the group of companies as a whole
(which, as stated at [1] above, I have designated “Lexinta”). The distinction
between the two raises important issues in the case and it is therefore
necessary to ensure that confusion between LGL, the Hong Kong company, and
Lexinta, the group of companies, is avoided.

The Defendants and their dealings with Lexinta

The Defendants’ backgrounds

17 BE is a French national currently living in Switzerland. She qualified as a
lawyer in the early 1990s. During her career she worked for the New York
international law firm, Coudert Brothers LLP, and was a partner for some eight
years acting on mergers and acquisitions. She then became general counsel to
the Murex group, a leading global fintech company, where her main focus was on
intellectual property. She retired four or five years ago.

18 JE is also a French national currently living in Switzerland. He has
enjoyed a successful career in business. Between 2007 and 2020 he was the
Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of WABCO Holdings Inc (“WABCO”), a US company,
which is a market leader in advanced technologies for commercial vehicles. In
addition, he was Chairman of the Board from 2009 until 2020. WABCO was, until
it was taken over in 2020, listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

19 In the late 1990s, the Esculiers were based in Singapore and therefore
opened bank accounts with DBS. Three are relevant to these proceedings:

(a) A multicurrency savings account in BE’s name;

(b) A foreign currency account in their joint names; and

(c) A foreign currency deposit account in their joint names.

20 In 2014, the Esculiers were both approaching retirement. They considered
that they had not been enjoying sufficiently significant financial returns on
their savings and decided to pursue more active options to grow them. In
consequence, BE was introduced to Badilla in early 2014. Since her husband was
fully occupied in his job, the primary dealings were between Badilla and BE.

Assessment of the Defendants’ oral evidence

21 Both the Defendants came to Singapore to give evidence in person, having
complied with the necessary COVID protocols. Unfortunately, the night before
the trial was due to start BE tested positive for COVID and was therefore
unable to attend court in person, but was able to join via a video-link from
her hotel whilst in isolation. Since it made no sense for JE to give evidence
before BE as she was the principal witness and since, entirely understandably,
both parties wished that her evidence should be given in person and not by
video-link, some adjournments were necessary to make this possible. By the
time that she was able to give oral evidence, JE had himself contracted the
virus and the parties agreed that he should give his evidence by video-link
from his hotel room, which he did.

22 The cross-examination of BE by Mr Chaisty QC (“Mr Chaisty”) was lengthy,
robust but fair, very detailed and focused closely on the minutiae of the text
of various documents which I shall have to consider in more detail below.
During the course of this process, BE was courteous, patient, measured and
precise. She had a good recollection of events and was clear in rejecting
certain propositions put to her by Mr Chaisty. It is not surprising – both due
to the nature of the cross-examination and to the fact that she was still
recovering from her illness – that on occasions BE became somewhat emotional.
Overall, I consider her to have been a good witness and that significant
weight should be attached to her evidence.

23 The cross-examination of JE was shorter but of a similar nature. JE came
over as a man of presence with a dominant personality. He had a less good
recollection of contemporaneous events as he was not involved on a day-to-day
basis and therefore relied, to a great extent, on the documents as being a
record of those events. He demonstrated a clear, logical and measured
business-like approach to the giving of evidence. Overall, he was an
impressive witness and weight can therefore be attached to his evidence.

24 In the Plaintiffs’ written closing submissions, it is submitted that
neither witness “approached the giving of evidence in a simple and
straightforward manner which was open and clear and designed to assist the
court. Each in their own way gave answers clearly designed to advance their
own agenda of ensuring that no concessions were made however reasonable it
would have been to do so”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions (12 Apr 2022) (“PCS”) at para 37(8).

25 As a matter of generality, I have no hesitation in rejecting this
submission. I shall deal with specific criticisms of their evidence in the
appropriate place.

Introduction to Badilla and Lexinta, and the Defendants’ signing of the Asset
Management Agreement

26 This matter is dealt with in paragraphs 22–33 of BE’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendants’ Bundle of Witness Statements (22 Feb 2022) (“DBWS”) at pp 150–153.

and in paragraphs 14–16 of JE’s AEIC. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DBWS at p 199.

It was amplified upon in cross-examination. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 10 line 9 to p 37 line 17.

In early 2014, BE was introduced to Badilla by two acquaintances, Mrs
Lindsatom and Mr Benhamoud, both of whom were investors with Lexinta. Both
expressed satisfaction with the service they had been given particularly with
regard to the care and attention that they had received personally from
Badilla. The Esculiers therefore met with Badilla in Spain where he explained
his investment strategy. Paragraph 25 of BE’s AEIC reads as follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DBWS at p 151.

Badilla introduced himself as the principal of the Lexinta Group, which he
said specialised in investing in initial public offerings (“IPOs”) of listed
securities. He presented himself as well-connected with financial institutions
that gave him access to opportunities like IPOs, notably in Asia, a region
that we were interested in due to its significant growth potential. Badilla
said that the Lexinta Group operated out of Switzerland and Hong Kong, and
that he had longstanding clients who had confidence in him as he was committed
to them and would never let them down. I was reassured by the fact that
Lexinta AG, which appeared to be the flagship company of the Lexinta Group,
was based in Switzerland where we had our home and our roots; it is also a
reputable regulated financial centre. I also checked the website of the
Lexinta Group (http://www.lexinta.ch) and felt assured by the information I
found there on the Lexinta Group.

[footnote explaining the inaccessibility of the website omitted]

27 The Lexinta initial public offering (“IPO”) strategy, as explained both to
the Esculiers 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 14 lines 2–10.

and to TP, involved Badilla taking advantage of his contacts with financial
institutions who had confidence in him so that he could support those
institutions by undertaking to invest in “IPOs” at the outset. He did this
when he considered that there would be an initial demand for the stock in
question so that the price would rise immediately after launch. Lexinta would
take advantage of this early rise by selling the holding in the open market
for a profit.

28 As a result of viewing the webpage, BE understood that Lexinta (referred to
by her as the Lexinta Group) was regulated by the Swiss Financial Market
Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”). Badilla also supplied her with peripherals
which described the services offered by Lexinta as well as a pricing strategy
so that they could familiarise themselves with Lexinta and the nature of its
business. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (8 Nov 2021) (“DBOD”) (Vol 1), Tabs 2–4.

Badilla then supplied BE with a draft Asset Management Agreement which she
considered and proposed certain amendments. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DBOD (Vol 1), Tab 5.

29 Following further discussions between BE and Badilla, the final Asset
Management Agreement (the “Esculier AMA”) was signed between the parties on 15
April 2014. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DBOD (Vol 1), Tab 10.

Since a good deal turns on the form of this agreement a copy is attached as
Annex 1 to this Judgment. As will be seen, it is headed “Lexinta Group” but
then goes on to define Lexinta Group as “Lexinta Ltd, Lexinta Management Ltd
and Lexinta Inc” when identifying the Asset Manager. Express mention is
therefore made of LL, LML and L Inc but not of LAG or LGL (see [15] above). On
the signature page, however, following Badilla’s signature on behalf of the
“Asset Manager-Trader”, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DBOD (Vol 1) at p 59.

is the corporate stamp of LAG.

30 In relation to the identification of the various companies in Lexinta
referred to in the Esculier AMA, BE said this in paragraph 33 of her AEIC: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DBWS at p 153.

At the time we entered into the Asset Management Agreement, Jacques and I
believed that we were entering into a relationship with Badilla as the person
managing our investments and the “Lexinta” name. We took Lexinta AG to be
headquarters of the Lexinta Group and did not specifically inquire into how
many other companies or entities Badilla operated as part of the Lexinta Group
for the purposes of carrying out his asset management activities. Nor did we
pay specific attention to the precise names of the other “Lexinta” entities
through which Badilla or the Lexinta Group operated. We believed that the
Asset Management Agreement (which listed a number of such companies and
entities) covered or would cover all relevant entities.

31 BE was cross-examined on this paragraph 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 27 line 24 to p 30 line 24, p 44 line 13 to p 15
line 23, p 48 line 14 to p 49 line 19, and p 54 line 17 to p 59 line 3.

on the basis that, as a lawyer, she would have focussed on the precise
companies identified as being the parties to the agreement and, thus, would
have been alert to the fact that LAG was not a party and, further, that any
other company within Lexinta – of which the Esculiers subsequently became
aware – would likewise not be a party to the agreement. When asked whether she
took a “relaxed” position as to which of the Lexinta companies she and JE
thought were their counterparties under the Esculier AMA, BE answered: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 30 lines 13–19.

I’m trying to say, maybe I didn’t express clearly, that I thought I was
dealing with the group, Lexinta Group represent -- you know, represented by
the parent or the holding which was the Swiss company. And it -- it made sense
because it had the headquarters in Switzerland, so it made sense. I didn’t go
further. If it’s you’re asking me, I didn’t go further.

32 I accept this evidence. It was not suggested to BE that Badilla drew her
attention to the activities which were to be undertaken by each individual
Lexinta company, nor that there were other companies in the Lexinta group that
had not been identified but which might be involved in the overall management
of the Esculiers’ affairs. More specifically, there was no suggestion – nor
any reason to believe – that BE’s attention had been drawn, at any time before
the Esculiers asked to have the proceeds of their investment returned to them,
to the fact that, although each page of the agreement carried the heading in
bold capitals “LEXINTA GROUP”, there was a company within Lexinta called
“Lexinta Group Limited” (ie, LGL) which was not a party to the Esculier AMA.

33 Section 8 of the Esculier AMA records that: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DBOD (Vol 1) at p 57.

The ASSETS are deposited in an ACCOUNT at the BANK in the name of the CLIENT.
The ownership of the ASSETS fully remains with the CLIENT, and the ASSET
MANAGER is only providing SERVICES as provided in this AGREEMENT. …

The term “BANK” is defined in Section 4 as “the bank where the ASSETS are or
may be held”, over which the “ASSET MANAGER” is authorised “[g]ive all
necessary or useful instructions”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DBOD (Vol 1) at p 56.

Taken literally, this would appear to suggest that there would be a bank
account opened at a third-party bank, such as the Hang Seng Bank (see [37]
below), and that sums would be withdrawn from that account for investment
purposes. It also follows that any proceeds earned would then be deposited
back into that account. BE however gave evidence that this was not the
parties’ understanding. When cross-examined on Section 8, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 33 line 1 to p 39 line 17.

BE said this: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 33 line 1 to p 35 line 1.

Mr Chaisty: Section 8 says [the section as reproduced above is read out]. Did
you regard that section as a matter of importance to you, those words at the
beginning of section 8?

BE: Yes, this, and we -- we discussed -- I asked Benhamoud about this, how --
how it would be, you know, done, and he explained to me that, about the
transfer, he would create a sub-account or sub-accounts in our names. And
actually when I was receiving -- I was receiving from him, at my request three
times, I think, information, I would receive portfolio valuation, trading
reports and trades, and I think it’s on the portfolio valuation, each time I
would see the main account and then the sub-account. And eventually, we had
three sub-accounts, so we had three sub-account number.

Mr Chaisty: But --

BE: And it took -- yeah, and he explained to me that at the time.

Mr Chaisty: We’ll look at those documents. What you mean is you saw some
numbers. You saw some numbers that were said to represent an account. That’s
what you’re talking about, isn’t it? We’ll look at them in due course. There
are about 10 or 15 digits out there that --

BE: I saw a number -- no, it’s not exactly that.

Mr Chaisty: Well --

BE: When I asked him we had to -- excuse me, sir.

Mr Chaisty: I was going to let’s leave that for a moment because we’ll come to
the detail on it.

BE: Yes, I just want to say that he explained to me how it would work, that’s
what I want to say before I signed the contract.

Mr Chaisty: Sure, but that’s not what section 8 says, is it? When you read
section 8, before he’s talked about sub-accounts, was it not your
understanding that it was going to be more straightforward than that, that the
assets would be deposited in an account at the bank which was in your name?

BE: No, no, I understand what you said, because I was -- I had question there.
I asked him if it was going to be me opening a specific account, I asked him
that, and he said “no”. Because, he said, for IPOs, he needed to have access
to -- quickly to the sub-account because there would be many transactions, so
it would be impossible for him each time to -- to call me, to contact me to be
able to access to the funds. So it’s why it would need to be those sub-
accounts where he could have access. So this he explained at the time.

34 BE thus understood that their investments were not to be ring-fenced in the
sense of being held in a separate bank account but that they would be held in
a Lexinta bank account with Lexinta itself creating individual sub-accounts
for each client being, in effect, a record of each transaction effected on
that client’s behalf.

35 Section 9 of the Esculier AMA 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DBOD (Vol 1) at p 57.

provides that the agreement is valid for 12 months but neither party suggested
that it was not extended by consent after the end of the first year until
terminated by the Esculiers as of December 2015 (see [47] below). Section 10
contains the cancellation provisions and Section 11 designates Swiss law as
the proper law of the agreement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DBOD (Vol 1) at p 57.

The investments

36 BE had been provided on 11 April 2014 with the necessary details for
transferring money to Lexinta as follows: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DBOD (Vol 1) at p 53.

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

37 It will be seen that this document contains the same heading, address and
contact details as was on the Esculier AMA (compare Annex 1 below) with LL
being identified as the account holder at Hang Seng Bank in Hong Kong. BE then
gave instructions to Credit Suisse in Switzerland to transfer US$1,000,000
from hers and JE’s joint account to Hang Seng Bank to be invested in IPO
securities. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DBOD (Vol 1), Tab 9.

This was done on 16 April 2014. The transfer was acknowledged by a letter
dated 8 May 2014 which forms Annex 2 to this Judgment. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DBOD (Vol 1), Tab 17.

As can be seen from the letter, notwithstanding the fact that the payment had
been made to LL, the subject title reads “Lexinta Group Ltd – 1 million USD
transfer acc Bonnet Esculier”. It confirms that the transfer is “in accordance
with our agreement”, is signed by Badilla and LAG’s name and address are in
the letter’s footer, not that of LL.

38 BE gave evidence in relation to this receipt in her AEIC, where she stated
that whilst she could not recall whether she noticed at the time the reference
to LGL, had she done so she would have simply treated it “as another one of
the “Lexinta” named entities used by Badilla/the Lexinta Group in its dealings
with us”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DBWS at p 156.

Again, for the reasons already given, I accept this evidence.

39 A further investment of €2,000,000 from the Credit Suisse account was made
to the LL account at Hang Seng Bank on 4 June 2014 and was acknowledged with a
letter in similar form on 1 July 2014. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DBOD (Vol 1), Tabs 20 and 39.

On this occasion, the heading read “Lexinta Group Ltd - 2 Million EURO
transfer acc 1738-697553 Bonnet Esculier”. Again, this was to be invested in
IPO securities.

40 On 9 February 2015, BE ordered a transfer of €1,000,000 from her DBS
account in Singapore to LL’s Hang Seng account. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DBOD (Vol 2), Tab 122.

The acknowledgment letter dated 2 March 2015 was again in similar form but the
heading read “Lexinta Group Ltd – 1 Million EURO transfer acc 1738-379855
Bonnet Esculier”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DBOD (Vol 2), Tab 118.

This was also to be invested in IPO securities.

41 The final investment was made on 26 February 2015 when BE transferred
€1,000,000 from her DBS account in Singapore to LL’s Hang Seng account. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DBOD (Vol 2), Tab 132.

This investment was to be invested in the “Lexinta Single Opportunity Fund”.
The acknowledgment letter dated 2 March 2015 was in similar form and the
heading again read “Lexinta Group Ltd – 1 Million EURO transfer acc
1738-379855 Bonnet Esculier”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DBOD (Vol 2), Tab 136.

42 The Lexinta Single Opportunity Fund was, according to a press release on a
website TraderL.com, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DBOD (Vol 2), Tab 116.

launched on 25 January 2015 and was designed to capitalise on the volatility
in oil stocks.

The Esculiers’ knowledge of Lexinta’s trading activity

43 BE provides details of the manner in which their investments were managed
by Lexinta in paragraphs 50–55 of her AEIC, which I reproduce below, without
the footnote references to the individual documents: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DBWS at pp 159–164.

50\. Over the course of our professional relationship with Badilla / the
Lexinta Group, Badilla regularly sent us numerous emails informing us about
IPO opportunities, often accompanied by reports from financial analysts,
Bloomberg printouts (indicating share price or exchange rate movements), and
spreadsheet compilations of impending IPOs. Through these email exchanges,
Badilla also updated us on the Lexinta Group’s business development plans and
the securities which would be subscribed for our account.

51\. Badilla would also meet with us to explain why, in his analysis, certain
IPOs were good opportunities to invest in and others, too risky and hence to
be avoided. Badilla would make the final decisions on all investments.

52\. As regards Badilla’s updates to us on the Lexinta Group’s expansion
plans, I highlight the following:

(a) An email dated 10 August 2014 stating that the Lexinta Group had acquired
“Eternitrade AG”, which according to the email was an independent Swiss asset
management company with an online trading platform that supported securities
trading in over 80 markets internationally.

(b) A Bloomberg article dated 22 August 2014 (i) stating that the Lexinta
Group had opened a fund to outside investors which was targeting to raise $250
million by the end of the year; and (ii) quoting Badilla as saying that there
had already been a firm commitment of $100 million worth of assets under
management (The Bloomberg article dated 22 August 2014 is enclosed within the
brochure advertising the “Lexinta Single Opportunity Fund”, which Badilla had
given to me).

(c) An email dated 12 February 2015 attaching an extract from a commercial
register maintained by the Liechtenstein Ministry of Justice, showing that the
Lexinta Single Opportunity Fund had been established in Liechtenstein and was
being administered by “Valartis Fund Management (Liechtenstein) AG”.

(d) An email dated 14 August 2015 attaching an analysis entitled “Lexinta
Research Monthly Energy Market Review”, on the state of the energy market and
the Lexinta Group’s investment strategy.

These various updates given by Badilla gave us assurance and confidence that
the Lexinta Group was going from strength to strength. The Lexinta Group’s
positive performance and our growing trust in Badilla led us to gradually
increase our investments with Badilla / the Lexinta Group.

53\. We also received from Badilla:

(a) periodic Bloomberg trading terminal printouts of trades which reflected
the trades that had been carried out on our behalf (ESCULIER / BERVANE BONNET)
by Lexinta AG, dated 17 April 2014, 23 April 2014, 12 June 2014, 13 June 2014,
18 July 2014, 25 July 2014, 31 July 2014, 5 August 2014, 25 January 2015, 26
January 2015, 6 February 2015, 11 February 2015, 25 February 2015, 1 April
2015, 16 April 2015, 24 April 2015, 7 May 2015, 15 May 2015, 20 May 2015, 21
May 2015, 3 June 2015, 18 June 2015, 16 July 2015, 17 July 2015, 22 July 2015,
8 October 2015, 16 October 2015, 22 October 2015, 3 November 2015, 4 November
2015, 10 November 2015, 19 November 2015, 16 December 2015, 2 February 2016,
17 February 2016, 30 March 2016, and 15 April 2016; and

(b) periodic portfolio valuations and trading reports showing the growth in
our investments, dated 30 September 2014, 1 January 2015, 15 February 2015, 1
March 2015, 13 May 2015, 1 August 2015, 1 December 2015, 31 December 2015 and
for the periods April 2014 to April 2015, January to July 2015, and March to
April 2016.

54\. These reports assured Jacques and me that the IPOs invested on our behalf
were making good gains and assured us that Badilla was able to astutely invest
our funds, thereby reaping positive returns.

55\. The portfolio valuations that Badilla provided to us showed that by 31
December 2015:

(a) the USD 1 million we had invested on 16 April 2014 and EUR 2 million we
had invested on 4 June 2014 in the Joint Trading Account had grown in value to
USD 8,068,333.00;

(b) the EUR 1 million we had invested on 9 February 2015 in my Trading Account
had increased in value to EUR 1,578,514.00; and

(c) the EUR 1 million we had invested on 26 February 2015 in my Fund Account
had increased in value to USD 1,300,125.00.

44 In cross-examination, BE gave evidence that she met with Badilla every
couple of weeks or so when he would give her the receipts for the trades that
had been carried out. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 43 line 3 to 44 line 12 and p 56 lines 5–7.

She also amplified on the information that was provided to her prior to making
the investment in the Single Opportunity Fund. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 56 line 8 to p 59 line 3.

There was no specific challenge to the accuracy of the trading receipts in the
sense that publicly available documents would demonstrate that, on the dates
in question, the market in a given share did not move as indicated in the
trading receipts. The trading reports referred to in paragraph 52 of BE’s AEIC
(as reproduced above) are thus consistent with a thriving business.

45 I therefore accept BE’s evidence at paragraph 54 of her AEIC 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DBWS at p 163.

that she and her husband were satisfied that Badilla was able “to astutely
invest our funds, thereby reaping positive returns”.

46 It should be noted that it was not suggested in this case that, whilst they
were investors in Lexinta, the Esculiers knew or had any reason to suspect
that Badilla was operating anything other than a wholly legitimate and
successful business. Such an allegation was made in the Hong Kong proceedings
which led to OS 1016 and this suit as is explained in paragraphs 139–146 of
BE’s AEIC. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DBWS at pp 189–192.

It was withdrawn following evidence filed by BE on OS 1016.

Withdrawal of the Esculiers’ investments

47 In the autumn of 2015, it was anticipated by the Esculiers that WABCO would
be sold and JE was planning to stop work. So they decided that the time was
right to invest their funds more conservatively and to terminate the Esculier
AMA. It bears noting that the sale ultimately fell through at the last moment
and JE continued work as the CEO of WABCO. However, before then, the Esculiers
had already given Badilla notice that they intended to terminate the Esculier
AMA at the end of December 2015, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DBWS at pp 164–165, paras 56–57 (SE’s AEIC).

but subsequently agreed with Badilla that termination would occur at the end
of the second year of investment, April 2016.

48 The portfolio valuations are those referred to in paragraph 53(b) of BE’s
AEIC (see [43] above). The last of these valuations, as at 31 December 2015,
were as follows: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DBOD (Vol 3) at pp 84, 82 and 86 respectively.

(a) As regards the IPO investments made in respect of BE and JE jointly
(“Joint IPO Investments”), US$8,068,333;

(b) As regards the IPO investments made in respect only of BE, €1,578,514
(“BE’s IPO Investments”); and

(c) As regards BE’s investment in the Lexinta Single Opportunity Fund (“BE’s
Single Opportunity Fund Investment”), US$1,300,125.

However, these sums did not take into account commission due to Lexinta.

49 The Esculiers experienced difficulties in obtaining repayment of their
funds, the details of which I shall have to consider below. For present
purposes, it is sufficient to record that they were repaid in three tranches:

(a) In respect of the Joint IPO Investments, US$7,439,004.77 on 5 August 2016;
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DBWS at p 174, para 83(b) (BE’s AEIC).

(b) In respect of BE’s IPO Investments, US$1,499,488 on 12 September 2016 and
€164,841.26 on 28 September 2016 (the first payment was paid in US dollars
rather than in Euros and the second represented the shortfall); 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DBWS at pp 177–178, paras 92–95 (BE’s AEIC).

and

(c) In respect of BE’s Single Opportunity Fund Investment, US$1,302,250.92 on
1 February 2017 (this sum included US$2,125.94 owing to a miscalculation of
the prior payments above). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DBWS at pp 178–180, paras 96–107 (BE’s AEIC).

50 These sums were, however, not paid out of LL’s account at Hang Seng Bank,
but from LGL’s account at DBS in Hong Kong. They were credited to BE’s DBS
account in Singapore and were subsequently placed on a time deposit maturing
on 31 August 2017 which was then rolled over until the account was frozen by
DBS in March 2019. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DBWS at pp 181–183, paras 108–114 (BE’s AEIC).

The Plaintiffs and their dealings with Lexinta

The first Plaintiff’s background and the Plaintiffs’ witnesses

51 TP is a dual citizen, holding both Israeli and Polish passports. She is
resident in both London and Tel Aviv. She is a qualified, non-practicing,
lawyer who is a businesswoman focusing on the real estate and technology
sectors and a private investor. She is the sole shareholder and director of an
Israeli company, Solid Real Estate and Development (1993) Limited (“SRE”).

52 Evidence was given on behalf of the Plaintiffs both by TP and by Marc Van
Campen (“Van Campen”), a Dutch citizen, who is a partner in the law firm Van
Campen Liem which acts for SFPF, the second Plaintiff, a company registered in
Curacao. Van Campen has been involved in the affairs of TP’s family since
2006. He gave evidence directed to the relationship between SFPF and British
Guarantee National Investment Company (“BGNIC”), an investment vehicle of TP’s
family.

Assessment of the first Plaintiff’s oral evidence

53 TP was cross-examined on her written evidence by Ms Aurill Kam (“Ms Kam”).
In the Defendants’ written closing submissions, criticism was made of the
manner in which TP gave her evidence saying that she was “an uncooperative
witness, refusing to answer simple questions which went to the heart of her
case when she sensed that she was on dangerous territory”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (12 Apr 2022) (“DCS”) at para 42.

I consider this an over-exaggeration. In most respects I consider that TP was
seeking to assist the Court so far as she was able. However, she has been
involved in this and other litigation in relation to the investments made by
her and her family’s investment vehicles for a number of years, and her
recollection of events was not wholly clear. In these circumstances, the
contemporaneous documents provide the best record of events and I accept that
where there are no contemporaneous documents, the Court should proceed with
caution when assessing the weight to be attached to her evidence. I shall deal
with specific areas of criticism as they arise.

Introduction to and agreements with Badilla and Lexinta

54 The manner in which TP came to be involved with Badilla and Lexinta is
explained by TP in paragraphs 7–29 of her AEIC. It is convenient to set this
passage out in full: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiffs’ Bundle of AEICs (22 Feb 2022) (“PBAEIC”) (Vol 1) at pp 7–14.

7\. This case concerns a business or supposed business sometimes trading as
“Lexinta Group”. Lexinta Group purportedly operated as an asset investment and
management business from Switzerland and Hong Kong. When I refer to “Lexinta”
below I refer to the business trading as Lexinta Group, as it was represented
to me.

8\. Bismark Antonio Badilla Rivera (“Badilla”) presented himself as the
President and Founder of Lexinta Group and as principal or sole owner of that
business. To the best of my knowledge Badilla is a Spanish national who was
resident in Switzerland at the times material to this suit and is currently
awaiting trial in Switzerland on fraud charges relating to Lexinta Group.
Badilla was my main contact with Lexinta.

9\. I first became aware of Lexinta through a friend of mine, Mr. Gil Neuhaus
(“Mr. Neuhaus”), who is a jeweller based in Marbella and Israel. In or around
early March 2016 Mr. Neuhaus and I were discussing investment opportunities.
He mentioned that he had invested with Lexinta Group and that he had been very
pleased with the investment’s performance. He suggested that I meet Badilla,
who Mr Neuhaus understood to be Lexinta’s principal and who was in Israel at
the time.

10\. I agreed to meet Badilla and Mr. Neuhaus introduced us via “WhatsApp” and
arranged for us to meet. Badilla came to my office in Israel in or around the
end of March 2016. At this meeting Badilla explained to me that:

a. Lexinta was an asset management business which he ran and controlled and
which had offices in Switzerland and Hong Kong;

b. He was in a position to obtain allocations of pre-listing shares for
Initial Public Offerings (IPOs) for Lexinta’s clients through his contacts in
the industry;

c. Lexinta would purchase these shares on its clients’ behalf and sell them
almost immediately following the IPO launch (i.e. within approximately twenty
minutes of the stock being first listed on the relevant exchange). The process
would then be repeated with subsequent IPOs (the “IPO Program”).

d. Each purchase and sale of IPO shares was likely to produce a substantial
profit, so that over a year a very substantial return was likely to be earned
on funds invested via Lexinta.

11\. At this meeting Badilla produced promotional material appearing to
support his claims by reference to Lexinta’s alleged performance over previous
years.

12\. I was impressed by Badilla’s presentation. My advisors, Professor Omri
Yadlin and Israel Wolnerman, also participated in the meeting and they
confirmed to me that, as Badilla had claimed, past experience suggested that
stock performance on the first day of an IPO is on average positive, and
therefore investment in pre-IPO share allocations, if such allocation can be
secured, would be a good investment strategy.

13\. Therefore, on the basis of my meeting with Badilla, I decided on 16th
April 2016 to make an initial limited investment of USD1,000,000 in the IPO
Program, to see how it went.

14\. In my dealings with Badilla up to this point I had understood that his
business traded as “Lexinta Group” and had offices in Switzerland and Hong
Kong. When, in an email of 16th April 2016 (copied to me), Mr. Wolnerman asked
Badilla how his business worked, he replied in an email dated 17th April 2016
as follows:

“For the IPO subscription Lexinta Group is the entity making the subscription
on behalf of our clients. We are the financial intermediary between the Under
Writer, book runners or trader of the IPO subscription, the sale of the
transaction is individual. Lexinta Group at all times and amongst all the
Trades remain the financial intermediary on the transaction. Your client in
this case will have an account with our company, and we (on your behalf) will
have accounts open at all the Banks and traders that provide the access to the
trade.

... I suggested a 3 months contract in order for you and your associates to
become aquatinted to the trade and transaction, if there would be anything
that you do not agree or not like about the trade, you are free to stop the
contract at any time.”

15\. Beyond this, I did not know anything specific about Lexinta Group’s
internal structure, or the legal entities involved.

16\. I understood from Badilla that Lexinta would invest my money in his IPO
program, which would be held in a separate client (sub-)account in my name
(initially in SRE’s name) with the respective banks and used to purchase
shares for me in a series of IPOs for which Lexinta had secured, or would
secure, a pre-IPO allocation. I expected Lexinta to sell the shares bought for
me immediately after the IPO listing and then to hold the proceeds of sale for
me in the same separate client (sub-)account in my name (or initially in SRE’s
or my name).

17\. From April 2016 onwards Badilla or Lexinta provided me with a high volume
of informal updates through WhatsApp and email (including calculations and
screenshots of Bloomberg data for the IPO stock)6 and occasional formal
“portfolio valuation statements”, indicating that assets which I believed were
held for me by the Asset Manager in segregated personal sub-accounts were
generating substantial profits.

18\. At Badilla’s request, the funds transferred to Lexinta by me and on my
behalf referred to below were on each occasion transferred to a single account
bank account, no. 30011925288, held by LGL with DBS Bank Ltd, Hong Kong Branch
(“the LGL Account”).

19\. Badilla presented to me shortly after my first investment that the
invested sums were used to purchase and sell stock in three companies at a
substantial profit, in accordance with what I understood to be the IPO
Program:

a. on or around 20 April 2016 MGM Growth Properties LLC (stock code MGP:US);

b. on 21 April 2016 American Renal Associates Holdings Inc (stock code
ARA:US);

c. on or about 22 April 2016 Secureworks Corp. (stock code SCWX:US).

20\. A few days before the launch of each IPO in which my assets were to be
“invested”, Badilla would send me brief details of the supposed trade. For
example, Badilla sent me details of the MGM Growth Properties IPO by email on
16th April 2016, an IPO in respect of Samsung Biologics in South Korea by
email on 29th September 2016, and an IPO for Kyushu Railway Company by email
on 6th October 2016.

21\. Although, in his supposed role as Asset Manager for me (acting through
Lexinta), Badilla would select the IPOs in which to “invest” on my behalf, he
gave me to understand that, had I objected to participating in a particular
IPO, then Lexinta would not have booked any part of it to my account; but I
never objected.

22\. Badilla would often send me, via WhatsApp, what appeared to be ‘real-
time’ updates on the IPOs, including screenshots of Bloomberg data showing the
date of the IPO and where it was taking place. After the launch of the IPO I
would receive a further update from Badilla on the gain from the IPO, often
including the sale price of the IPO shares and/or a screen shot of the
Bloomberg entry for the IPO stock showing the IPO placement price and the
movement in the stock price for that company.

23\. I and my advisor, Mr Wolnerman, would review these reports from time to
time, and the reports from Badilla always matched the publicly available
online information regarding changes in share price following the relevant
IPOs.

24\. This stream of information from Badilla made me feel engaged and involved
with his supposed investments on my behalf, and of course supported the idea
that he and Lexinta Group were wholly genuine and expert in the field of IPO
investment.

25\. I regularly visit Zurich for business purposes, and on one trip I visited
Lexinta’s offices at Talstrasse 61, 8001 Zurich (where it carried on business
before its subsequent re-registration as a Zurich company domiciled at that
address). On my visit, I found the offices to be (as I had expected) well-
presented and I saw numerous members of staff in the office. Everything I saw
on this visit supported my belief that Lexinta offered a legitimate investment
opportunity and was a respectable and trustworthy investment management firm
(which publicly at the time, was indeed its reputation).

26\. By July 2016 I was convinced that Badilla and Lexinta were trustworthy
and able to deliver on their promises.

27\. At this point (June/July 2016) I also introduced Britannia Guarantee
National Insurance Company Limited (“BGNIC”) to Lexinta and asked Badilla to
become trustee of a family trust, the Catolac Family Trust (the “Trust”).

28\. As I said above, I had stayed in regular contact with Badilla since our
initial meeting. Our later conversations had originally been mostly in
relation to his purported investments on my behalf, but I later explained to
him some of the complex and difficult circumstances in which I was then
involved (and continue to be involved) following my father’s death and the
subsequent disputes that had arisen between me and parties which included Mr
Dieter Neupert.

29\. Badilla presented himself as being very wealthy in his own right and very
astute in financial matters. I quickly came to regard him as a good friend and
by the summer of 2016 I had begun a personal relationship with him. Badilla is
a very persuasive and charismatic individual who finds it easy to win (and to
abuse) the trust of others. In short he is a classic con-man and he conned me
financially and in our personal relationship.

[footnotes omitted]

55 As with BE, it can be seen that TP exercised due diligence before investing
in Lexinta and was given equivalent information in early 2016 to that which
was given to BE in early 2014.

56 When TP first decided to invest through Lexinta, she signed an Asset
Management Agreement between SRE and “Lexinta Group” dated 18 April 2016 (the
“SRE AMA”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (Agreed on Authenticity) (“ABOD”) (14 Feb 2022)
(Vol 1), S/No 8.

This forms Annex 3 to this judgment. As can be seen, it is in similar form to
the Esculier AMA with the “Lexinta Group” defined as including LL, LML and L
Inc, but not LGL or LAG. In Section 9, the SRE AMA is expressed to be valid
for 90 days rather than a full year in the case of the Esculier AMA. BGNIC
also entered a similar AMA on 7 July 2016 (the “BGNIC AMA”). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PBAEIC (Vol 3) at pp 164–171 (Van Campen’s AEIC).

57 TP did subsequently enter a further AMA with Lexinta, but this was not
until 30 June 2017, which was after the events which gave rise to this action
and both parties agreed that it was of no relevance. The only extant
agreements were the SRE AMA and the BGNIC AMA referred to above.

58 As appears from paragraph 13 of TP’s AEIC, she states that she made an
initial investment of US$1,000,000 in the IPO program in April 2016,
transferring the funds not to LL at the Hang Seng Bank, as had been the case
with the Esculiers, but to the account held by LGL with DBS in Hong Kong. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at p 11, para 18.

It is this distinction that underlies the basis of the Plaintiffs’ claim in
this suit.

59 In paragraph 42 of her AEIC, TP then states that the following sums were
transferred by her or for her benefit to the LGL account: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at pp 18–19.

The personal investments I made with Lexinta to which I have referred in this
Affidavit (made on each occasion by transfer to the LGL Account for my
benefit) were to the value of just over USD7,000,000 made up as follows:

a. 19th April 2016 USD1,000,000

b. 12th May 2016 USD1,000,000

c. 7th July 2016 USD900,000

d. 6th September 2016 USD3,620,750

e. 23rd August 2017 USD500,000

Total USD7,020,750

60 The date of 6 September 2016 for the transfer of US$3,620,750 appears to be
incorrect and should read 9 September 2016. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at p 51 (TP’s AEIC): US$3,620,750 comprises the transfers for
US$700,000, US$122,000, US$895,000 and US$1,903,150.

Paragraph 34 of TP’s AEIC indicates that these sums in this transfer were
remitted by JL Securities (“JL”) “for [her] personal benefit and for the
credit of my personal account … with Lexinta”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at p 15.

It is this particular transfer that forms the basis of TP’s claim in this
action (the “JL Transfer”). There is a dispute between the parties as to
whether these sums were remitted for her personal benefit and, hence, whether
she had standing to act as a plaintiff in this regard. This is an issue which
I shall return to at [186] below.

61 In paragraphs 7, 8 and 10 of his AEIC, Van Campen states that BGNIC
remitted the following sums to the LGL account: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PBAEIC (Vol 3) at pp 117–118.

(a) 11 July 2016: US$3 million;

(b) 5 August 2016: US$7 million; and

(c) 1 February 2017: US$8 million.

62 Van Campen goes on in paragraphs 13–21 of his AEIC 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PBAEIC (Vol 3) at pp 119–122.

to explain his understanding that certain assets of BGNIC, including its right
and interest in the sums transferred to the LGL account referred to above,
were acquired by SFPF by virtue of a sale and purchase agreement dated 25
September 2017 (the “BGNIC SPA”). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PBAEIC (Vol 3) at pp 177–182 (Van Campen’s AEIC).

Whilst a number of uncertainties surrounding this transaction were raised
during the cross-examination of Van Campen, the Defendants do not dispute 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS para 127.

that the BGNIC SPA was executed and that, subsequently, on 17 November 2017,
the sum of US$23,207,566 was paid by SFPF to BGNIC. This was the sum referred
to in clause 2.1 of the BGNIC SPA. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PBAEIC (Vol 3) at pp 184–185 and 187 (Van Campen’s AEIC).

There is thus no need to consider this transaction any further.

63 During her oral evidence TP laid great emphasis on the fact that all the
above sums were transferred to LGL and was careful to use the expression
“Lexinta Group Limited” 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript (14 Mar 2022) at p 132 line 21 to p 136 line 24.

as is illustrated from the following extract : 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript (14 Mar 2022) at p 132 line 21 to p 133 line 17 and p 136 lines
4–24.

Ms Kam: When you were dealing with Badilla and Lexinta, would it be correct to
say that as far as you were concerned, you were dealing with him and the group
and not any specific entity under the Lexinta Group?

TP: I dealt with this LGL. That’s the company that I know, Lexinta Group Ltd.
I know Mr Badilla, and I know the Lexinta Group Ltd. That’s the – that’s the
person and the entity that I dealt with.

Ms Kam: Are you saying you dealt specifically with Lexinta Group Ltd or that
you dealt with the Lexinta Group as a whole?

TP: I dealt with Lexinta Group Ltd.

Ms Kam: Lexinta Group Ltd is a company in Hong Kong, is that correct?

TP: It’s a company that -- that has a bank account in Hong Kong, yes.

Ms Kam: So when you say you dealt with Lexinta Group Ltd, who did you think
you were dealing with? A Zurich entity or a Hong Kong entity?

TP: I -- Lexinta -- Lexinta Group. What I know about Lexinta Group Ltd is that
it has an office in Switzerland and in Hong Kong.

…

Ms Kam: Just one other point. In the same bundle at page 9, volume 1, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Here, Ms Kam is referring to PBAEIC (Vol 1) at p 9, para 14 (TP’s AEIC).

starting with paragraph 14, you say: “In my dealings with Badilla up to this
point I had understood that his business traded as ‘Lexinta Group’ and had
offices in Switzerland and Hong Kong.” Yes?

TP: Yes.

Ms Kam: Over the page, at page 10, at paragraph 15, you say: “Beyond this, I
didn’t know anything specific about Lexinta Group’s internal structure, or the
legal entities involved.”

TP: Yes, I just know Lexinta Group Ltd, that’s all.

Ms Kam: Yes. Well, you know Lexinta Group based on paragraph 14, yes? Not
Lexinta Group Ltd, a specific entity?

TP: You are trying to put it to me like that, but I’m saying that I dealt with
Lexinta Group Ltd. That’s in all the documents, that’s where I transferred the
money, and that’s where I got my money. So, sorry, that’s my answer.

Ms Kam: Your Honour, I’ll leave it to submissions.

[footnote added for cross-referencing]

64 As indicated by Ms Kam, the emphatic reference to LGL was not made in TP’s
AEIC, where she was content to refer to Lexinta, which she defined as being
“the business trading as Lexinta Group, as it was represented to me”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PBAEIC at p 7, para 7 (TP’s AEIC).

Indeed, TP further stated in paragraph 15 (see [54] above), that she did not
know anything specific about Lexinta Group’s internal structure, or the legal
entities involved.

65 In giving her oral evidence in the way she did, I consider that TP was
overemphasising the importance of the corporate identity of LGL, well knowing
by the time she went into the witness box of the importance to her case of the
fact that LGL was not a company referred to as being one of the companies
defined as being part of the Lexinta Group in the SRE or BGNIC AMAs. TP does
not suggest that this distinction was drawn to her attention by Badilla or by
the advisors she consulted when entering the SRE AMA or at any time during the
course of her relationship with Lexinta. She also does not suggest that she
herself was aware of the distinction at the relevant time.

66 I prefer her evidence given in paragraph 15 of her AEIC that “she did not
know anything specific about Lexinta Group’s internal structure, or the legal
entities involved” (see [54] above). Like the Esculiers, TP proceeded, in my
judgment, on the basis that LGL was just another company within the Lexinta
group of companies, all of which were acting pursuant to and subject to the
terms of the asset management agreement which she had signed to regulate her
dealings with that group of companies.

67 In paragraph 41 of her AEIC, TP draws attention to the fact that when the
JL Transfer was made (and indeed, when all the other transfers referred to in
[58]–[60] above were made) there was no AMA in existence between her (TP, as
an individual) and Lexinta. In her AEIC, TP does not refer to the SRE AMA, but
in cross-examination, she accepted that she had signed the SRE AMA and that
her understanding was that all these payments were paid pursuant to the SRE
AMA. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript (14 Mar 2022) at p 62 line 10 to p 65 line 11 and p 70 line 9 to p
75 line 7.

On the facts, this is, I believe, an inevitable conclusion. People do not
transfer money to investment houses for investment purposes without some form
of asset management agreement being signed to regulate their relationship. In
my judgment, TP was working on the basis that the SRE AMA was regulating her
relationship with Lexinta notwithstanding the fact that the transfers were
actually being made either by her personally or by JL to LGL. She did not
contend that either Badilla or Lexinta did anything to suggest the contrary.

Withdrawal of the Plaintiffs’ investments

68 TP explained in cross-examination that the initial arrangement she had with
Badilla was that she should have a distribution of initial profits
straightaway and that she received some US$3 million between October 2016 and
March 2017. This, she said, gave her comfort that the investment was a real
investment. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript (14 Mar 2022) at p 127 line 19 to p 129 line 22.

69 In October 2017, TP sought to realise a further US$5 million and completed
a “Transfer of Funds Request Form” on 20 October 2017 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PBAEIC at p 218.

which was acknowledged by letter dated 20 November 2017 from LGL indicating
that payment would be made on or before 21 December 2017. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PBAEIC at p 220.

No such payment was made. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PBAEIC at pp 19–20, paras 44–47 (TP’s AEIC).

70 In December 2017, TP learned that an action had been commenced in Hong Kong
on 10 November 2017 by 14 investors and that they had obtained a freezing
order against Badilla and Lexinta over some US$24 million. TP then instructed
lawyers in Hong Kong to make enquiries on her behalf, which revealed that the
LGL trading account with DBS had a zero cash balance and zero assets. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PBAEIC at pp 20–22, paras 48–51 (TP’s AEIC).

71 Subsequently, by way of a third-party discovery order made in TP’s favour
against DBS, TP became aware of the transfers to BE’s DBS account in Singapore
from LGL’s DBS account in Hong Kong (as set out in [47]–[50] above). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PAEIC tab 62 at pages 100, 105-107 and 122-123

These can be contrasted with the payments in to the LGL DBS account by the
Plaintiffs (contrast [47]–[50] with [58]–[62] above):

(a) Payment in by BGNIC: US$7,000,000 on 5 August 2016;

(b) Payment out to BE: US$7,439,004.77 also on 5 August 2016;

(c) Payment in by JL: US$3,620,750 on 9 September 2016;

(d) Payment out to BE: US$1,499,488.00 on 12 September 2016 plus €164,841.26
on 28 September 2016;

(e) Payment in by BGNIC: US$8 million on 1 February 2017; and

(f) Payment out to BE: US$1,302,250.92 also on 1 February 2017.

72 It is these back-to-back transfers, “robbing Peter to pay Paul”, as Mr
Chaisty put it 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript (14 Mar 2022) at p 19 lines 4–17.

– which form the foundation of the Plaintiffs’ claim in this action.

The pleadings

73 The pleadings are extensive. The following is a summary of the parties’
cases necessary to identify the issues which now remain to be adjudicated
upon.

The Statement of Claim

74 The Statement of Claim (“SOC”) has been amended three times, the last
amendment being directed during the trial, on 17 March 2022. I should also
highlight that several references are made in the SOC 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) (23 Mar 2022) (“SOC”) at paras 6, 10, 10A,
16–18, 20, 23 and 37.

to a personal asset management agreement between TP and Lexinta, coined the
“TP AMA” and dated 30 June 2017. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at p 18, paras 40–41 (TP’s AEIC).

However, the Plaintiffs have since accepted that the TP AMA is of no relevance
to the events and transfers (see [71] above) with which this suit is
concerned. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript (16 Mar 2022) at p 6 lines 1–24 (Court’s question and Mr Chaisty’s
reply).

Thus, those references may be ignored, and focus may be applied to the
following assertions, on which the Plaintiffs’ case is built:

(a) That at all material times Badilla was operating a Ponzi scheme. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC at para 36(a).

(b) That the Defendants’ investments were not genuine and that any returns on
their alleged investments were fake. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC at para 36(b).

(c) That the Disputed Monies did not represent assets held pursuant to the
Esculier AMA by Lexinta companies other than LGL, but rather, were assets
transferred to LGL by the Plaintiffs. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC at para 36(c).

(d) That the payments out to the Defendants by LGL did not discharge any
obligation of those Lexinta companies to return assets pursuant to the
Esculier AMA since LGL had no contract with the Esculiers and had received no
assets from them. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC at para 36(d).

(e) That the monies transferred to LGL by the Plaintiffs which were paid out
to the Defendants were to be held by LGL as custodian or nominee to be
transferred to the Asset Manager to be held under the terms of the relevant
AMA. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC at paras 6, 14A and 37(a).

(f) That LGL’s obligations to the Plaintiffs were governed by Hong Kong law
and not by Swiss Law. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

SOC at para 37(b).

(g) That the fact that any obligations arising under the SRE or BGNIC AMAs are
governed by Swiss law is irrelevant as no funds were ever transferred from LGL
to the Asset Managers. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOC at para 37(c).

(h) That, accordingly, those monies were held by LGL on trust for the
Plaintiffs. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC at para 37(d).

(i) That LGL had therefore acted in breach of its fiduciary duty and/or in
breach of trust by making the transfers to the Defendants as part of the Ponzi
scheme. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC at para 38.

(j) That, in consequence, the Plaintiffs as beneficial owners were entitled to
trace the monies (or alternatively, the alleged profits made) as the
Defendants had given no relevant consideration for receipt thereof regardless
of whether the Defendants had knowledge sufficient to put them on notice of
the Plaintiffs claim to the monies. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC at para 38A.

The Defence and Counterclaim

75 By their Re-Amended Defence dated 23 March 2022, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) (23 Mar 2022) (“D&CC”).

the Defendants pleaded as follows:

(a) The Plaintiffs are put to proof of the contention that there was a Ponzi
scheme. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

D&CC at para 17.

(b) Paragraphs 36(b), (c) and (d) of the SOC are denied (see [74(b)], [74(c)]
and [74(d)] above). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

D&CC at para 18.

(c) That LGL formed part of Lexinta and, together with the other members of
the group, served the needs of the investors. Further, to the extent that LGL
received funds, such receipt was “for and on behalf of (or reasonably regarded
as being for and on behalf of) Lexinta Group”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

D&CC at paras 18(a) and (b).

(d) That the payment of the Disputed Monies from the LGL account to the
Esculiers was in discharge of the obligations of Lexinta under the Esculier
AMA. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

D&CC at para 18(c).

(e) Paragraph 37(a) of the SOC is denied (see [74(e)] above). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

D&CC at para 29A.

(f) That the JL Transfer was not made for the benefit of the Plaintiffs. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

D&CC at para 29A(b).

(g) That all obligations between Lexinta and the Plaintiffs; between Lexinta
and the Defendants; and between the Plaintiffs and the Defendants, are
governed by Swiss law. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

D&CC at para 29B.

(h) Paragraphs 37(b), (c) and (d) of the SOC (set out [74(f)], [74(g)] and
[74(h)] above) are denied, and it is asserted that Swiss law does not
recognise “the institution of a common law trust or equitable proprietary
rights over bank account balances”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

D&CC at para 29D.

(i) That all the Plaintiffs’ assets held by Lexinta were held pursuant to the
AMAs and not on a common law trust. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

D&CC at para 29D(b).

(j) It is denied that under Swiss law the Plaintiffs could assert any claim
for breach of trust or fiduciary duty or are entitled to the relief sought. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

D&CC at paras 29E and 29F.

(k) If the substantive law is Hong Kong law, the Defendants assert that they
had no notice or knowledge of the existence of a trust, or of any breach of
trust or fiduciary duty and deny the existence of the same or the right to
trace. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

D&CC at para 30.

(l) If the substantive law is Hong Kong law and there has been a breach of
trust/fiduciary duty, the Defendants received payment of the Disputed Monies
for valuable consideration and without notice. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

D&CC at para 31.

(m) By the Counterclaim the Defendants seek an award of damages under the
cross-undertakings given by the Plaintiffs in orders made in OS 1016 on 10
January 2020 and 17 March 2020, HC/ORC 1066/2020 (the Order referenced at [9]
above) and HC/ORC 1975/2020.

The Reply and Defence to Counterclaim

76 The Reply and Defence to Counterclaim, the second amendment to which is
dated 29 March 2022, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) (29 Mar 2022) (“R&DC”).

was also the subject of a further substantial amendment during the trial. It
is a lengthy document which repeats and amplifies upon pleas made in the SOC.
The following matters should be noted:

(a) That, even if LL, LML, L Inc or LAG acted as asset managers under the
Esculier AMA, they were not entitled to act by and did not purport to act by
LGL. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

R&DC at paras 4(d) and 8(a).

(b) That, all transfers of the Disputed Monies to BE were from the LGL account
not from LL or other Lexinta entities. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

R&DC at paras 6(h)–(k).

These did not represent funds held for the Defendants. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

R&DC at paras 8(b)–(c).

(c) That the Disputed Monies represented sums due to TP from the Catolac Trust
and were, on her instructions, transferred directly to LGL by JL acting in its
capacity as asset manager for the Catolac Trust. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

R&DC at para 7.

(d) The Defendants are put to proof that they believed in good faith that the
returns allegedly received had been achieved as a result of the operation of
the Esqulier AMA and that it is improbable that the assets were genuinely and
profitably invested. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

R&DC at paras 6(k)(ii0, 11(b) and 13.

(e) The contention that Hong Kong law governs the relationship between the
Plaintiffs and LGL is repeated on the basis that since LGL was not a party to
the SRE or BGNIC AMAs, Swiss law was nor expressly applicable and was not the
law having the closest connection to the dispute between the parties. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

R&DC at para 18B.

(f) The Defendants are put to proof of the contentions as to matters of Swiss
law. No positive case to the contrary is pleaded. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

R&DC at para 18C.

(g) The contention that the Defendants received payment of the Disputed Monies
for valuable consideration is denied save that no admission is made as to
whether the Defendants acted in good faith or without notice. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

R&DC at para 19.

(h) The Plaintiffs accept that the Defendants were not an accomplice of
Badilla and Lexinta and that they were defrauded by them. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

R&DC at para 20.

(i) It is denied that the Defendants are entitled to relief under the
Counterclaim. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

R&DC at paras 21–24.

77 It is necessary to amplify a little on [76(g)] above. It appears from the
pleadings that a distinction is being drawn between consideration on the one
hand and notice on the other. As to the latter, the pleading merely puts the
Defendants to proof, it raises no positive case that they had either actual or
constructive notice or that they lacked good faith. The AEIC’s sworn by BE and
JE therefore dealt with the allegation on this basis. They did not deal in
detail with any specific matters raised by the Plaintiffs because there were
none.

78 During the oral opening by Mr Chaisty, it became apparent that his clients
accepted that prior to the Esculiers’ request for the return of their
investment, they had no reason to believe that the investments made on their
behalf by Lexinta were anything other than genuine and successful investments.
Their case was that the dealings the Esculiers had with Badilla between
October 2015 (when the return of the proceeds of the investment was first
requested) and February 2017 (when the final sums due were transferred) were
such as to furnish them with actual notice or, alternatively, were such that a
reasonable person in the position of the Esculiers would have had concerns
sufficient to make inquiries such as to constitute constructive notice.

79 Ms Kam contended that such an approach amounted to the raising of a
positive case which should have been pleaded and that a mere non-admission did
not entitle Mr Chaisty to cross-examine the Esculiers on that positive case.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript (14 Mar 2022) at p 41 line 15 to p 51 line 22.

Following submissions, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript (14 Mar 2022) at p 138 line 21 to p 146 line 12.

amendments were proposed both to the Statement of Claim and the Reply raising
a substantive positive case of actual or constructive notice (the amendments
appear chiefly in the Reply), 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

R&DC at paras 19A, 19B and 19C.

for which leave was given by consent. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript (17 Mar 2022) at p 4 line 9 to p 5 line 21.

The issues

80 The issues that arise for decision can best be considered in the following
order:

(a) Was Badilla operating a Ponzi scheme when the Esculiers were repaid? If
so, when did the scheme commence?

(b) What is the status of LGL:

(i) With regard to the Esculiers’ dealings under the Esculier AMA?

(ii) With regard to the Plaintiffs’ dealings under the SRE AMA or the BGNIC
AMA?

(c) What law governs the relationships between the parties and Lexinta and
between each other. Swiss law or Hong Kong law?

(d) If Swiss law applies, can a relationship of trust exist between LGL and
the Plaintiffs and, if so, what are the consequences?

(e) If Hong Kong law applies, does a relationship of trust exist between LGL
and the Plaintiffs and, if so, what are the consequences?

(f) Was the JL Transfer was made for the benefit of TP?

(g) If the Plaintiffs’ action fails, what damages are the Defendants entitled
to under the cross-undertakings (see [75(m)] above).

Issue 1: The Ponzi Scheme

81 The Plaintiffs’ claim is that a Ponzi scheme was being conducted by Badilla
from before the time when the Esculiers first invested in April 2014 and that,
accordingly, none of the money transferred to Lexinta by the Esculiers was
ever invested notwithstanding the documentation that was provided by Badilla
purporting to demonstrate that individual investments that were made.

82 I am satisfied that such as scheme was in operation by 2016 as it is clear
that the sums paid by the Plaintiffs to LGL were never invested but were paid
directly out, inter alia, to the Esculiers. However, I have greater difficulty
in reaching a conclusion as to when this activity started. It is accepted that
the onus of proving a starting date lies on the Plaintiffs.

83 It was not until November 2017 that it was first publicly suggested that
Badilla might be running a Ponzi scheme, when two articles appeared in Swiss
publications. Investigations had, however, first been commenced by the Swiss
Public Prosecutor’s Office following a complaint made by a Mordechai Fishman
on 31 August 2017. Details of the investigations are contained in a “Petition
for an Investigation Order” dated 25 April 2018 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at pp 466–479 (TP’s AEIC).

which records that Badilla had been arrested by the Swiss police on 23 April
2018. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at pp 27–28, para 59 (TP’s AEIC).

This document states that:

At the latest from the year 2015, the accused is surmised, from the outset of
the contractual relationship (with the victims) to have switched the use of
the moneys entrusted to him to the extent that the accused is supposed to have
untruthfully stated that the money was invested in IPOs, even though he knew
that the money would be used for the remittance of repayment and profits to
[previously] existing investors.

84 On 26 April 2018, an order 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at pp 488–493 (TP’s AEIC).

was made in the Zurich District Court that Badilla should be taken into
investigative custody pending trial. Paragraph 3.2 of the order records that
the period of custody should not last longer than the expected penal loss of
freedom had he been tried and convicted. He apparently remained in detention
without trial until recently. It was suggested that his release was due to the
fact that although no trial had taken place, the time he had served in
detention was equivalent to that which he would have been sentenced to had he
been tried and convicted. I have, however, no evidence to support this
suggestion and nothing turns on it.

85 Paragraph 4.3 of the order records that Badilla had admitted that “he had
deceived these investors from the year 2015 on the use of monies”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at p 491 (TP’s AEIC).

86 It thus appears that the Swiss authorities had uncovered no information
which supported a conclusion that Badilla had been conducting a Ponzi scheme
earlier than 2015 and the Plaintiffs have adduced no evidence in support of
such a conclusion. Mr Chaisty submitted that there was nothing to suggest that
the scheme was ever genuine as there was no independent evidence of any
investment and that the supporting documents supplied to BE were internally
created fictitious documents. Against this, however, I have to take into
account the fact that Badilla had been running the Lexinta investment business
for a number of years and had received favourable press coverage, that the
investigations that BE made prior to investing satisfied her that Lexinta was
regulated by the Swiss financial authorities and that the supporting documents
did reflect what had indeed occurred in the financial markets on the dates in
question.

87 Taking all these matters into account I am unable to conclude that the
Lexinta business was a sham from the outset and am unable to place any date on
when the Ponzi scheme began, earlier than the conclusion reached by the Swiss
authorities as being “at the latest from the year 2015”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at p 475 (TP’s AEIC).

The important point to my mind is that it is not suggested that the Esculiers
had any reason to believe that their money had not been invested and the
recorded profits made until sometime after they sought return of those sums.

Issue 2: The status of LGL

88 Resolution of this question lies at the heart of this dispute. The
Plaintiffs’ case is encapsulated in paragraphs 19 and 20 of their written
closing: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS at paras 19–20.

19\. The Ps’ position is that the sums advanced by [JL] in Septembers 2016
were advanced to [LGL] on the terms that it would hold such money for transfer
to the Asset Manager as defined in the AMA entered into by SRE to be used for
IPOs. [LGL] did not so transfer such money but instead handed over part of it
to the Ds. Such terms are not admitted by the Ds. It is the Ps’ position that
the sums advanced by BGNIC (the subject of the assignment under the agreement
with [SFPF]) were advanced to [LGL] on the terms that it would hold such money
for transfer to the Asset Manager as defined in the AMA entered into by BGNIC.
Such terms are not admitted. There is no scope, on the evidence, to seriously
doubt that [TP] and BGNIC advanced money in the mistaken belief, induced by
Badilla, that such would be invested. Money was never paid over to be paid to
the Ds.

20\. In neither scenario did [LGL] become entitled in its own right to the
sums so advanced. The money continued to belong to [TP], the payments by [JL]
having been made on her behalf, and by BGNIC until the assignment to [SFPF] of
all relevant rights.

89 Underlying this submission is the contention that, since LGL was not a
party to any of the AMAs, it did not hold the sums transferred to it under the
terms of those AMAs but was an independent third party to whom the sums had
been transferred to hold the same on trust for transfer to one of the parties
to the AMAs.

90 The Defendants’ position was succinctly summarised by Ms Kam when, in her
closing oral submissions, she said: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript (21 Apr 2022) at p 111 lines 23–27 and p 115 lines 7–27.

Ms Kam: So the point I want to make from all of this, Your Honour, is that it
is clear from this course of dealing that LGL was employed by Badilla as one
of the Lexinta companies to carry out Lexinta obligations under the Esculier
AMA. And the defendants accepted that. That’s how both parties dealt with each
other.

…

Now, my submission is this, Your Honour: My friend takes issue with our
position that the defendants dealt with Lexinta as a group. But, Your Honour,
the documents that we have just examined show that Badilla himself held his
asset management business out as Lexinta Group and not by the name of any
particular Lexinta entity. He capitalised on the Zurich presence of the
Lexinta Group. And that’s something which both the plaintiffs and the
defendants relied on. And because of their relationship with Badilla, both the
plaintiffs and the defendants did not draw distinctions between the different
Lexinta entities. Both parties dealt with LGL, not as a separate standalone
entity independent of the group of companies, but rather as an integral part
of the Lexinta Group of companies. And that’s why, Your Honour, both the
plaintiffs and the defendants regarded LGL as synonymous with Lexinta or
Lexinta Group.

We say, Your Honour, that the notion that LGL is an entity that stands apart
from the rest of the Lexinta companies, through with Badilla carried out the
asset management business, is a contrived legal construct and it’s not
supported by how the witnesses saw the relationship. It is not supported by
the documentary evidence.

91 I have considered the references to LGL in the course of the parties’
dealings with Lexinta in paragraphs [26]–[35] (in respect of the Defendants)
and [54]–[67] (in respect of the Plaintiffs) above. So far as concerns the
Defendants, reference to LGL first occurred somewhat tangentially in the
receipt for the first payment to LL. Thereafter, the name occurred from time
to time but without comment from Badilla. When it came to the payments out, BE
gave evidence in paragraph 86 of her AEIC as follows: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DBWS at pp 175–176.

As I recall, Badilla had around this time orally informed me that the funds
would be remitted from a DBS bank account, to expedite the transfer. I cannot
now recall if I noticed at the time that the funds were in fact transferred
from the Lexinta Account. However, I would not have attached much significance
to it even if I had. As far as we were concerned, the transfer of USD
7,439,004.77 represented a return by Badilla and the Lexinta Group of our
invested funds pursuant to our instructions, in accordance with the Asset
Management Agreement.

92 She was cross-examined on this at length, but the substance of her evidence
was not shaken. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 183 line 23 to p 192 line 17.

She was aware that the money was coming from a DBS account, not from the Hang
Seng Bank account, but her attention was not drawn by Badilla to the fact that
this account was in the name of LGL rather than LL nor to the fact that LGL
was not a party to the AMA and she did not spot the distinction.

93 Her answers in cross-examination can be summed up in the following extract:
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 189 line 25 to p 192 line 17.

Mr Chaisty: At page 167, on 10 August, Benson writes and says: “The transfer
was done from DBS Hong Kong by Lexinta Group Limited.” Then you write back and
say: “Thank you ... This is the brokerage firm where we invested the funds.”
You knew that that was untrue, didn’t you?

BE: No, sir. I may have missed -- I responded quickly, but in my mind, I think
it is important we understand my mind. My mind was Lexinta. When he -- when I
asked for the request at DBS, I said: “... please confirm transfer attached
from LEXINTA ...” So for me, it’s the Lexinta name, you see. So maybe I read
too quickly, but when I put on the 10th, this is the brokerage firm I invest
the fund, I meant “Lexinta”, Lexinta Group.

Mr Chaisty: Well, it’s not a long letter, it’s not a long email from Benson.
The transfer was done from DBS Hong Kong to Lexinta Group Ltd. If we just
remind ourselves, only a few days earlier, at page 162, your lawyers were
disputing that the asset management agreement was concluded with Lexinta Group
Ltd. They specifically wrote in those terms at 162. I put to you, Mrs
Esculier, that when you wrote and said that Lexinta Group Ltd was the
brokerage firm where you invested the funds, you knew that that was not
correct.

BE: No. No, sir. I-- I meant Lexinta. I meant Lexinta. I tell you, I tell you
deep, deep in my heart.

Mr Chaisty: And if you had meant that, you would have said it, wouldn’t you?

BE: Excuse me?

Mr Chaisty: If you had meant that, then you would have said it, because he’s
quite specific. It tends to suggest –

BE: I was referring to Lexinta, to the -- I was referring to Lexinta, really.
You see, before I put “Lexinta”, cap. I was referring to Lexinta. I was. I was
referring to the group.

Mr Chaisty: But you were very relieved, weren’t you, when those payments --
that payment for 7.43 hit your account. Weren’t you?

BE: Wouldn’t you be, sir –

Mr Chaisty: Of course.

BE: -- if you had been in my situation?

Mr Chaisty: Of course I would.

BE; Thank you.

Mr Chaisty: And you were so relieved that you, as I have said before, were
content not to ask any further questions about where the money might have come
from or got into DBS in the first place.

Court: I don’t think that’s a fair analogy of what the witness answered to
that question.

Mr Chaisty: Well, then I will put it separately and distinctly.

Court: I think you had better because it’s always difficult going back up to
what the answers were.

Mr Chaisty: You were so relieved that the money had hit your account that you
were quite content not to ask any questions about how it got in DBS in the
first place, weren’t you?

BE: As I said earlier, it didn’t ring a bell when I would receive from DBS. It
did not.

Mr Chaisty: It didn’t ring a bell. Despite the fact that you had dealt with
the transfers to Lexinta Ltd --

Court: I think we are going over the same ground again and again.

Mr Chaisty: Certainly.

94 So far as the Defendants are concerned, I am satisfied that at all times
both the Esculiers and Badilla were working on the basis that, notwithstanding
the express definition in the Esculier AMA of the Lexinta Group as being LL,
LML and L Inc, the agreement covered all their dealings with Lexinta no matter
which company within Lexinta actually performed any given act. This properly
reflects the course of dealings between them and is a necessary implication to
give business efficacy to their dealings.

95 In the case of the Plaintiffs, the SRE AMA signed on 18 April 2016 again
defined LL, LML and L Inc as being the “Lexinta Group” but on the next day the
first transfer of US$1,000,000 was made on Badilla’s instructions to LGL,
without any indication by Badilla that this transfer was outwith the terms of
the AMA. It was not something that TP noticed or was alerted to by her
advisers either at this time or later. As indicated in [66] above I prefer her
evidence given in paragraph 15 of her AEIC that “she did not know anything
specific about Lexinta Group’s internal structure, or the legal entities
involved”.

96 Van Campen gave similar evidence. In paragraph 6 of his AEIC he deposes to
the fact that BGNIC entered the BGNIC AMA on 7 July 2016 and states, “I note
that LGL is not on the face of it a company within the definition of Asset
Manager in the BGNIC AMA”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PBAEIC at p 117.

97 He does not state in his AEIC that he noted this at the time because he was
not involved then, but he accepted in cross-examination that at all times
since he became involved, he assumed that all sums that were remitted were to
be managed under the BGNIC AMA. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript (17 Mar 2022) at p 21 line 7 to p 25 line 22.

The last part of that cross-examination reads as follows: 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript (17 Mar 2022) p 25 lines 11–22.

Ms Kam: At paragraph 6, you made that point there that LGL is not, on the face
of the agreement, a company within the definition of “asset manager” in the
BGNIC AMA, but you also say that the three payments were made to LGL. Why do
you think BGNIC sent these monies to LGL?

Van Campen: To have the Lexinta Group, LGL, manage these funds, invest these
funds for BGNIC so that BGNIC could make a very nice return.

Ms Kam: When you say for the Lexinta Group to manage, you would be saying to
manage under the BGNIC AMA?

Van Campen: Yes.

Ms Kam: Thank you.

98 My conclusion, therefore, in relation to the Plaintiffs’ dealings with
Lexinta are the same. TP, SRE and BGNIC on the one hand and Lexinta, through
Badilla, on the other were working on the basis that, notwithstanding the
express definition in the AMAs of the Lexinta Group as being LL, LML and L
Inc, the agreement covered all their dealings with Lexinta no matter which
company within Lexinta actually performed any given act. This properly
reflects the course of dealings in relation to the Plaintiffs’ investments and
is a necessary implication to give business efficacy to their dealings.

99 Accordingly, at all material times the three AMAs extended by implication
to include LGL as a party thereto. The Plaintiffs’ case is founded upon the
assertion that LGL was not a party to the AMAs and, therefore, there was no
contractual relationship between the parties and LGL. It was entrusted the
sums on terms that it would transfer them to the relevant Asset Manager and
obtained no entitlement to the sums so received. Hence, it held the sums on
either or both of a resulting or constructive trust for the benefit of the
beneficial owners – the Plaintiffs. It formed no part of their case that, if
there was a contractual relationship, any separate obligation of trust arose.

100 In my judgment the sums transferred to LGL were held by them pursuant the
terms of the AMAs and were not held by them on trust for TP or BGNIC. The
Plaintiffs’ action therefore must fail. However, since this matter may go on
appeal, I shall deal with the other issues on the basis that the parties’
dealing with LGL were not governed by the AMAs.

Issue 3: Swiss law or Hong Kong law?

101 There is no dispute that so far as the Esculier, SRE and BGNIC AMAs are
concerned, there is an express choice of Swiss law. The question to be decided
is which law applies to determine whether or not the pleaded cause of action
for breach of trust is a viable plea. I shall refer to it as the “putative
trust”.

102 The parties were agreed that the starting point was that Singapore law
applied to determine what the proper law was. The principles are well
established. In the absence of any binding or express choice of law clause,
the applicable law falls to be assessed by reference to the three-stage
process set out by the Court of Appeal in The Republic of Philippines v Mahler
Foundation [2014] 1 SLR 1389 at [81]:

The broad common law methodology for resolving a legal question with a foreign
law element involves a three-stage process: (i) the characterisation of the
relevant issue; (ii) the selection of the appropriate choice of law rule in
the context of the relevant connecting factors; (iii) the identification of a
system of law by the application of those connecting factors.

[citations omitted]

103 On the assumption that there was no contractual relationship between the
parties and LGL, there was no express choice of law to govern the relationship
between them, so the three-stage test must be applied. As to the first, the
parties are agreed that the characterisation of the relevant issue is that
this is a proprietary claim to the Disputed Monies. This broad
characterisation follows from the Court of Appeal’s earlier decision in Perry,
Tamar and another v Esculier, Jacques Henri Georges and another and another
matter [2022] 1 SLR 107, where the Plaintiffs were denied leave to amend their
SOC to include alternative claims which were not proprietary. Simply put,
personal actions do not fall within interpleader proceedings authorised in OS
1016. That said, regarding the issue simply as a proprietary claim to the
Disputed Monies in this way is a somewhat reductive characterisation of the
relevant issue, as I shall explain. Indeed, such over reduction is what led,
in my view, Mr Chaisty to take the position he did at the second stage of the
three-stage analysis.

104 In approaching the second stage in his oral closing submissions, Mr
Chaisty, somewhat surprisingly, submitted that since this was a proprietary
claim, the relevant connecting factor was that the property in question (ie,
the Disputed Monies) was located in Singapore so that Singapore law should
apply. In essence, he was asking for the lex situs to be applied. This was
neither pleaded nor raised in opening, and I reject it on that basis. However,
even if I were to consider it substantively, this submission, in my judgment,
represents a too narrow and mechanistic approach to the second stage of the
three-stage analysis.

105 Mr Chaisty relies heavily on Macmillan Inc v Bishopsgate Investment Trust
plc (No 3) [1996] 1 WLR 387 (“Macmillan”), where Staughton LJ suggested that
as a “general rule, which is subject to exceptions”, issues as to rights of
property are to be determined by the law of the place where the property is
(at 399F). Where land is concerned, this is sound. In respect of chattels, the
learned Lord Justice offers this reasoning (400A):

There is in my opinion good reason for the rule as to chattels. A purchaser
ought to satisfy himself that he obtains a good title by the law prevailing
where the chattel is, for example in Petticoat Lane, but should not be
required to do more than that. And an owner, if he does not wish to be
deprived of his property by some eccentric rule of foreign law, can at least
do his best to ensure that it does not leave the safety of his own country.

106 Here we are not concerned with chattels. The Disputed Monies constitute
intangible property. The distinction between chattels and intangible property
is not one which can be glossed over: see Dicey, Morris and Collins on the
Conflict of Laws (Lord Collins of Mapesbury gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed,
2012) (“Dicey”) at para 22–010. I therefore cannot take Macmillan as authority
for the proposition Mr Chaisty advances, much less one carrying the force he
suggested it should.

107 Second, as stated at [74(h)] above, the “proprietary right” which the
Plaintiffs assert over the Disputed Monies is by way of a trust which was
created when such monies were transferred to the bank account of LGL. This
proprietary right is alleged to flow into the Defendants’ DBS account because
they received the money without giving valuable consideration and with notice
(see [74(j)]). Hence the Defendants were not bona fide purchasers for value
without notice, and as such, cannot assert better title. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PWS at para 17.

This being the case, the proprietary right on which the Plaintiffs rely is
equitable, not legal, and one which their written submissions suggest may be
asserted either by virtue of a resulting or constructive trust. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PWS at paras 25–26.

108 Dicey states that there “seems to be no clear English or Commonwealth
authority on the choice of law rules relating to constructive and resulting
trusts” (at para 29–076). The learned authors recognise that there is both
judicial and academic support for the application of the lex situs, “on the
basis that rights in property are ultimately at stake” (at para 29–081) (also
see Adeline Chong, “The Common Law Choice of Law Rules for Resulting and
Constructive Trusts” (2005) 54(4) ICLQ 855 at 871–883, which is cited by
Dicey), yet also highlight that the lex situs need not apply, as was the case
in Lightning v Lightning Electrical Contractors Ltd (23 April 1998, Court of
Appeal) (England and Wales). Indeed, here, Millett LJ criticised the blanket
application of such a rule. He observed:

… It would be absurd if they were governed by the law of the place where the
property in question happened to be located.

Such a rule would lead to bizarre results if, for example, A’s instructions
were to buy properties in more than one jurisdiction, for the consequences of
the same arrangement might then be different in relation to the different
properties acquired. It would also lead to bizarre results if A left it to B’s
discretion to choose the property to be acquired, since that would give B the
unilateral power to decide on the legal consequences of the transaction which
he had entered into with A. …

109 In any event, it is clear from the Court of Appeal’s decision in Rickshaw
Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 at
[74]–[81], which generally affirmed the seminal work of Yeo Tiong Min, Choice
of Law for Equitable Doctrines (OUP, 2004), that characterising claims in
equity is not always wholly straightforward. Instead, it is necessary for the
court to examine closely the nature and origins of the equitable obligation
concerned in the context of its factual matrix (at [76]).

110 This leads to the final point on the second stage of the three-stage
analysis. Even if I assume, as I have for the purposes of Issue 3 and onwards
(see [100] above), that the parties’ dealings with LGL were not governed by
the AMAs, the Plaintiffs’ transfers of the Disputed Monies still need to be
understood in its proper context. There is no dispute that the monies are
located in Singapore, but the relevant connecting factor is not merely that.
It is also the underlying relationship and transfers of funds which led to the
putative resulting or constructive trust, as well as the allegation of breach
of that trust by LGL which placed the Disputed Monies in the Defendants’ DBS
account (see [74(i)] above). I therefore consider that the correct law to be
applied is that which is most closely connected to the putative trust (see
Dicey at 29R–001 and 29–075).

111 The Plaintiffs assert that it has no meaningful connection with
Switzerland. LGL was a Hong Kong Company, the sums involved were paid into
Hong Kong bank accounts for investment in IPOs predominantly in Asia and the
sums paid out were from a Hong Kong bank account to a Singapore bank account.
The Plaintiffs comprise TP, a dual Israeli and Polish citizen resident in
London and Tel Aviv, and SFPF, a Curacao company. The Defendants are French
citizens at the outset resident in Belgium and subsequently in Switzerland.

112 The Defendants placed heavy reliance on the decision of the Court of
Appeal in Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight International Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 265
(“Rappo”) in support of the proposition that when seeking to determine the
applicable law to claims in equity regard should be had to the foundational
sources from which the equitable right had arisen – in this case the AMAs. It
was also contended that there were countervailing factors which pointed to
Switzerland rather than Hong Kong. In Rappo, the claim was for breach of
fiduciary duties, fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit arising out of some
dealings in artworks. The dispute related in particular to some artwork in
Singapore and there was a dispute as to whether the applicable law was the law
of Switzerland or Singapore.

113 When considering the appropriate fora, the court said this:

69 In the present appeals, at the first stage of the Spiliada analysis, the
legal burden lies on the Appellants to demonstrate that Switzerland and/or
Monaco are “clearly or distinctly more appropriate” fora than Singapore for
the trial of the substantive dispute between the parties (see Spiliada at
477). Whether this is indeed the case turns on a consideration of the factors
that connect the dispute with the competing jurisdictions.

70 We think it is appropriate here to emphasise that it is the quality of the
connecting factors that is crucial in this analysis, rather than the quantity
of factors on each side of the scale. Parties in modern commercial litigation
are often well connected, with relational and business ties to many different
jurisdictions. The task of the court in this context is not to draw up a
balance sheet of tenuous or insubstantial points of contact with different
fora in the expectation that the jurisdiction with the largest number on its
side prevails at the close of the analysis. Rather, the search is for those
incidences (or connections) that have the most relevant and substantial
associations with the dispute.

114 In [76] the Court went on to say:

76 In Rickshaw Investments [cited at [109] above], we agreed (at [80]) with
the view of Prof Yeo Tiong Min in Choice of Law for Equitable Doctrines
(Oxford University Press, 2004) that in determining the applicable law to
claims in equity, it is important to ascertain the foundational sources from
which the relevant equitable rights and remedies arise. These would include,
amongst others, established categories of law such as contract and tort. While
we decided that we would not go so far as to endorse the proposition that
equitable concepts and doctrines would always be dependent on other
established categories of law, we accepted a more limited proposition which we
stated as follows (at [81]):

… [W]here equitable duties (here, in relation to both breach of fiduciary duty
and breach of confidence) arise from a factual matrix where the legal
foundation is premised on an independent established category such as contract
or tort, the appropriate principle in so far as the choice of law is concerned
ought to be centred on the established category concerned. …

115 In this case, the Defendants say that the putative trust arises out of the
contractual arrangements between the Plaintiffs and Lexinta and the part
played by LGL in furtherance of those arrangements which is alleged to give
rise to the existence and breach of trust. The purpose for which the sums were
transferred to LGL was so that Lexinta could carry out its obligations under
the AMA. It would be unreal, they submit, to divorce the putative trust from
the underlying contracts so that Swiss law should apply.

116 In addition, they point to the fact that all the Plaintiffs’ dealings were
with Badilla who was based in Switzerland, that the holding company, LAG, was
based in Switzerland, that TP visited Lexinta’s offices in Switzerland and
that their understanding was that their dealings with Lexinta would be subject
to Swiss law.

117 In their written closing the Plaintiffs contended that Rappo was not on
point and of no relevance. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PWS at para 8.

I do not agree. I consider that there is a close analogy between the
underlying matrix of facts in this case and those in Rappo and that the
observations of the Court of Appeal set out above are directly applicable to
this case. I do not say that the fact that the putative trust arises out of
the contractual arrangements between the Plaintiffs and Lexinta is decisive of
the matter, but it is a significant factor. Further, I consider that the
quality of the other factors relied upon by the Defendants outweighs those
relied upon by the Plaintiffs.

118 Accordingly, had it been necessary for me to decide what was the
applicable law of the putative trust, I would have held that it was the law of
Switzerland.

Issue 4: The Position under Swiss law

119 For this court, Swiss law is a question of fact. The Defendants pleaded
their position on Swiss law in their Defence (see [75(g)]–[75(j)] above). In
the Reply, the Plaintiffs put them to proof but did not raise a substantive
case to the contrary.

120 The Defendants adduced an expert report dated 8 November 2021 (the “First
Report”) from Dr Felix Joseph Dasser (“Dr Dasser”). Dr Dasser is qualified to
practice law before the Swiss Bar and is a partner at Homburger AG, a law firm
based in Zurich. He is also an adjunct Professor of Law at the University of
Zurich for private law, private international law including international
procedural law, and comparative private law.

121 The Plaintiffs did not adduce any evidence on Swiss law. When the matter
was discussed at a CMC on 8 December 2021, counsel for the Plaintiffs
confirmed that his clients did not propose to adduce evidence on Swiss law but
nonetheless expressed a desire to cross-examine Dr Dasser on the basis that
his report had been founded on some assumptions of fact which the Plaintiffs
did not accept. The Plaintiffs were therefore directed to draft questions to
be considered by Dr Dasser, with a view to being able to dispense with such
cross-examination as is allowable in circumstances where the opposing party is
not raising a positive case (the “Questions”).

122 The Questions 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DBWS at pp 218–222 (Dr Dasser’s 2nd AEIC).

were filed on 22 December 2021 and resulted in a second expert report from Dr
Dasser dated 27 January 2022 (the “Additional Report”) in which he responded
to each question in turn. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DBWS at pp 208–217 (Dr Dasser’s 2nd AEIC).

Having considered the Additional Report, the Plaintiffs maintained their
desire to cross-examine Dr Dasser. This was done, with the approval of the
Swiss authorities, by video-link on 18 March 2022.

123 Dr Dasser gave his evidence with authority and with clarity. He was a good
witness in that he opined on matters that were within his areas of expertise,
but declined to answer questions which fell outside those areas. More
specifically, he had had significant past experience in Swiss law relating to
Ponzi schemes, having been involved in the Bernie Madoff litigation for some
ten years.

124 Rather than include long extracts from the First Report in this judgment,
the whole report forms Annex 4 hereto. As can be seen he was asked to address
four questions:

(1) Whether, under Swiss law, the Esculier AMA is a valid and binding
contract.

(2) Whether, under Swiss law, the payments made by Lexinta Group Ltd (“LGL”)
to the Esculiers from an account in the name of LGL discharged the obligations
of the Lexinta Group entities under the Esculier AMA, particularly in light of
the fact that they were accepted as such by the Esculiers.

(3) Whether the Plaintiffs’ claim and the remedies sought thereon (as framed
in [37]-[38A] of the SOC), i.e., the vindication of their alleged equitable
property rights to the Disputed Monies, are recognized by or otherwise tenable
under Swiss law.

o If the answer is yes, why; and

o If the answer is no, why not.

(4) Whether, under Swiss law, the Esculiers would be entitled to retain the
Disputed Monies on the basis of the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case.

o If the answer is yes, why; and

o If the answer is no, why not.

125 Dr Dasser then set out his understanding of the facts in paragraph 8 which
appears to me to be an accurate précis of the facts as pleaded, and which was
not the subject of any direct challenge in the course of cross-examination.
Much of the focus of the cross-examination was on Item (13) of paragraph 8,
which reads: “According to the Defendants, they neither knew about nor had
reason to know about nor were accomplices of the Lexinta Ponzi Scheme”. I
shall return to the factual aspect of this dispute when I consider the
position under Hong Kong law from [136] below.

126 The other important points of Dr Dasser’s First Report are:

(a) In paragraphs 9 to 16 of the First Report, Dr Dasser makes some
preliminary comments on Swiss law. He draws attention to the fact that none of
the causes of action under the Swiss Code of Obligations form the basis of the
Plaintiffs’ claim (see paragraph 12). In paragraph 16, he deals with the high
standard of proof required, which is well above the common law basis of
balance of probabilities.

(b) In paragraphs 17 to 22, he gives reasons for concluding that the validity
of the Esculier AMA cannot be questioned and that, under Swiss law, an
investor in a Ponzi scheme cannot question the validity of the payment to
another investor unless there is proven bad faith on the part of the other
investor.

(c) In paragraphs 23 to 29, he considers the impact under Swiss law of the
fact that the payments to the Esculiers came from the LGL bank account and
concludes that even if LGL was not bound by the Esculier AMA, payment by LGL
would “liberate the debtor of his obligation”. In paragraphs 30 to 40 he
explains that the concept of beneficial ownership is not acknowledged under
Swiss law.

(d) Finally, in paragraph 41, he answers the questions reproduced in [124]
above, as follows:

(1) The Defendants had a valid and binding contract with the Lexinta Group
(the Esculier AMA).

(2) The payments made by Lexinta Group Ltd (“LGL”) to the Defendants from an
account in the name of LGL discharged the obligations of the Lexinta Group
entities under the Esculier AMA.

(3) The Plaintiffs’ claim and the remedies sought thereon (as framed in
[37]-[38A] of the SOC), i.e., the vindication of their alleged equitable
property rights to the Disputed Monies, are not recognized by or otherwise
tenable under Swiss law.

(4) Under Swiss law, on the basis of the Plaintiffs’ case as pleaded, the
Defendants are entitled to retain the Disputed Monies, which they received as
lawful performance under a valid and binding contract (the Esculier AMA) even
under the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case.

127 I turn then to Dr Dasser’s Additional Report (which is included as Annex
5). Here he deals with the eight questions posed by the Plaintiffs, but the
substance of the questions as well as his responses can be identified from
paragraph 4 of the report, which reads:

Generally, I noted that the questions mainly focus on my understanding of
certain facts. As will be explained in detail below, my conclusions in the
[First] Report do not depend upon facts that appear to be disputed (as I
understand the Parties’ respective cases). In particular:

– Whether there is a Ponzi scheme or not is not relevant. In either case, the
payments to the Defendants who are not accused of any connivance were valid
performance of a contract.

– Whether LGL is part of the Lexinta Group or not is not relevant. In either
case, payment by LGL of the monies requested by the Defendants as a
consequence of their termination of the Esculier AMA was valid performance on
behalf of the Lexinta Group.

– Whether the companies of Mr Bismark Badilla properly administered the
investments by the Plaintiffs or the Defendants or not is not relevant. The
validity of the payments to the Defendants is not dependent on the
relationship between the Plaintiffs and the Lexinta Group.

128 In paragraphs 19 and 20, Dr Dasser reiterates his opinion that Swiss law
does not recognise property rights in amounts in bank accounts because Swiss
substantive law does not recognise the concept of a trust. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DBWS at pp 216–217.

The only rights are contractual rights.

129 Dr Dasser was cross-examined on both his reports on two aspects in
particular. First, Mr Chaisty sought to distinguish the Oschward case (see
paragraph 19 of the First Report) on the basis that there was a difference in
law between a loan agreement as in Oschward and an investment agreement as in
this case. The Plaintiffs had led no evidence to suggest that this was the
case and Dr Dasser opined that any distinction did not matter for the purposes
of his report. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript (18 Mar 2022) at p 12 line 18 to p 13 line 8.

I accept that evidence.

130 Secondly, Mr Chaisty sought to investigate the degree of knowledge of or
involvement in a Ponzi scheme that a third party would have to have in order
to prove the requisite bad faith or connivance (see paragraph 21 of the First
Report and paragraph 4 of the Additional Report).

131 When dealing with the Oschward judgment, the following exchanges occurred:
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript (18 Mar 2022) at p 18 line 19 to p 22 line 13.

Mr Chaisty: “The plaintiff would have had to explain which signs should have
served as a warning to a man of the defendant’s experience.” What is the
relevance of that sentence as a matter of Swiss law?

Dr Dasser: Well, the relevance is what you quoted earlier, that the crucial
sentence in this paragraph 3 is the one that starts with: “The defendant’s
liability for damages in tort could only be considered if the defendant had
intentionally or negligently demanded the fraud committed by Ms Oschwald
against the plaintiff, be it as instigator, accomplice or accessory.” You must
understand that this is a tort claim, and tort requires a breach of the law.

Mr Chaisty: Yes.

Dr Dasser: The law that is addressed here is the criminal statute on fraud. So
only to the extent that the defendant was an accomplice in a criminal sense
can there be liability in tort. What the court then says is, well, there is
not even an assertion that there had been any indications that the defendant
could have known about this. Meaning, let alone he could not possibly have
been an accomplice, an instigator or an accessory. So the test is a very high
one. Here, what come on top is what I mentioned in my report, that the measure
of proof required by Swiss law is a very high one. So the claim here failed by
a large measure.

Mr Chaisty: Just to be clear, I think you’ve just confirmed what I’d
understood from this report, that this issue that’s being addressed at page 62
is, essentially, the defence to a tort claim, and the absence of bad faith, or
the presence of good faith, was a defence to that tort claim.

Dr Dasser: That’s right.

Mr Chaisty: If we go back then to your page 15, you used the phrase “good
faith”, I think, on at least two occasions, and “bad faith” on one. For
example, at paragraph 18, you say: “The mere fact that Mr Badilla might have
operated a Ponzi scheme through the Lexinta Group does not render an agreement
between a good faith investor and the Lexinta Group invalid under Swiss law.”
As a matter of Swiss law, then, would it follow or could it follow, depending
on the facts, that an absence of good faith could affect the outcome as
regards the validity of a person’s position?

Dr Dasser: Well, the absence of good faith alone is not what is relevant here.
The question really is, is the investor also an instigator or an accomplice?
This is not the same as simply not being careful enough. I mean, I based my
report on the assertions as I understood them at the time when I wrote the
report, and I understood there were no allegations that the defendants were
not in good faith, so that’s what I based my report on. If the issue now is
that there might be assertions that were not in good faith, I would need to
slightly rephrase my report and be more specific what the relevant test is
under Swiss law. Here, in this paragraph 18, I addressed the validity of the
contract. The contract that is for the furtherance of a fraud is against the
law and, therefore, invalid under Swiss law. But that requires that the
parties were aware, positively aware, of the fact that they executed this
agreement to commit the fraud.

Mr Chaisty: Under paragraph 21, I think you make a slightly different point,
but tell me if I’ve misunderstood. You say: “Thus, under Swiss law, an
investor in a Ponzi scheme cannot question the validity of the payment to
another investor (at least not in the absence of proven bad faith of the other
investor).” At paragraph 21, I think you’re talking there about the time of
payment or the receipt of funds from the fraudster to a victim. Is that
correct?

Dr Dasser: Correct.

Mr Chaisty: When you say “at least not in the absence of proven bad faith”,
if, as a matter of Swiss law, a person, when at the time that they received
the money from the fraudster, which, as a Ponzi, had belonged to another
investor -- if, at the time they received the money, it had been established
as a matter of fact that they were acting in bad faith, would that, as a
matter of Swiss law, impact on their entitlement to retain the monies?

Dr Dasser: Yes, there would be an impact. I have not addressed this in detail
in my report because I had no reason to address this. But if the investor
knows that the money he is about to receive has been illegally taken from a
third person by means of a fraud, then that investor would be implicated in
the fraud, and there are criminal provisions that render that behaviour
illegal.

Mr Chaisty: Can I just --

Dr Dasser: But it requires evidence of actual knowledge.

132 The cross-examination then turned to the question of constructive
knowledge as opposed to actual knowledge and Dr Dasser explained that he was
not an expert in Swiss criminal law and that, having not had any notice of
this question, he was not in a position to answer it. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript (18 Mar 2022) at pp 14–25 and p 38 line 21 to p 41 line 4.

133 Ms Kam objected to this line of questioning on the basis that bad faith as
that term was understood under Swiss law had not been pleaded but I allowed
the cross-examination to proceed de bene esse with the matter to be discussed
in closing submissions.

134 In the Plaintiffs’ written closing submissions Dr Dasser is criticised for
his inability to say how far constructive as opposed to actual knowledge might
affect the position. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PWS at para 48.

I do not accept that this is a valid criticism. If the Plaintiffs wished to
raise a positive case that as a matter of Swiss law, constructive knowledge
rather than actual complicity in a Ponzi scheme affected the Esculiers’
liability in this case, this should have been pleaded and supported by
evidence from a Swiss lawyer. If they wished to assert that under Swiss law
the Esculiers had either sufficient actual knowledge or that the facts
supported a conclusion of constructive knowledge again this should have been
pleaded. The onus on this aspect would have been on the Plaintiffs. No
challenge was made to Dr Dasser’s evidence on the high burden of proof in
Swiss proceedings (see paragraph 16 of his First Report at Annex 4) and the
Plaintiffs have made no attempt to discharge this burden. The furthest they go
is to place the burden on the Defendants to demonstrate good faith for the
purposes of the defence of bona fide receipt for value without notice under
Hong Kong law (which I consider from [136]–[185] below) which is very far from
the same thing. The onus is different as is the burden of proof.

135 Taking all these matters into account, Dr Dasser’s evidence satisfies me
that had LGL not been bound by the terms of the AMAs and had merely been
entrusted with the sums invested by the Plaintiffs, the Plaintiffs would have
had no cause of action under Swiss law against the Esculiers.

Issue 5: The Position under Hong Kong law

136 In order to approach this issue, it is necessary to assume, first, that
the relationship between the Plaintiffs and LGL was not governed by the AMAs
and, secondly, that the law governing that relationship was the law of Hong
Kong. The parties accepted that the law of Hong Kong was the same as
Singapore.

137 In these circumstances, there is scope for the existence of a relationship
of trust. The Plaintiffs contended that since the sums of money had been paid
to LGL for one purpose and one purpose alone – to hold them for onward
transmission to one of the parties to the AMA’s for investment under the terms
of the AMAs – then the Plaintiffs retained a proprietary interest unless and
until that transfer took place. LGL had misappropriated the sums by
transferring them (inter alia) to the Esculiers. In these circumstances an
obligation of trust arose and LGL acted in breach of trust. The Plaintiffs
therefore remained beneficial owners and were entitled to trace part of the
money paid into the hands of the Esculiers. Their case was that the trust was
either a constructive trust or a resulting trust, or, possibly, a Quistclose
trust (as founded in Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose Investments Ltd [1970] AC
567).

138 The Defendants’ response to this was, understandably, somewhat circular as
they contended that since the Plaintiffs expected LGL to facilitate the
investment of the Fund pursuant to the AMAs, it must follow that any
relationship between them would be governed by Swiss law. They did not
contend, as I understood it, that if this was not the case, the circumstances
were such that no obligation of trust would exist under Hong Kong law.

139 To my mind, therefore, on the assumption that Hong Kong law applies and
there was no contractual relationship between LGL and the Plaintiffs, it
follows that the relationship between them was one of trust and it matters not
what its precise nature was.

140 On the basis that there was such a trust the Defendants raise the defence
that, since they had no knowledge or notice of the trust arrangement, they
received payment “in good faith, for valuable consideration and without notice
of any purported claim (s) of the Plaintiffs”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

D&CC at para 31.

It is common ground that the onus of proof on this defence lies on the
Defendants.

141 There are four aspects of this defence are set out in MKC Associates Co
Ltd v Kabushiki Kaisha Honjin (“MKC”) [2017] SGHC 317 at [294]:

To successfully establish the bona fide purchaser defence, the defendant must
establish the following elements: (a) that he acted in good faith; (b) that he
had paid valuable consideration; and (c) that he obtained the legal interest
in the property; and (d) that he had no notice of the plaintiff’s equitable
interest in the property: [Snell’s Equity (John McGhee, ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
33rd Ed, 2015)] at paras 4-021–4-035.

142 Point (c) does not arise in this case as it is not disputed that the
Esculiers have obtained the legal interest in the Disputed Monies. The other
three do need to be considered.

Good Faith

143 The requirement of good faith and its relationship to the aspect of notice
was considered in Midland Bank Trust Co v Green [1981] AC 513 at 528 where
Lord Wilberforce said this:

My Lords, the character in the law known as the bona fide (good faith)
purchaser for value without notice was the creation of equity. In order to
affect a purchaser for value of a legal estate with some equity or equitable
interest, equity fastened upon his conscience and the composite expression was
used to epitomise the circumstances in which equity would or rather would not
do so. I think that it would generally be true to say that the words “in good
faith” related to the existence of notice. Equity, in other words, required
not only absence of notice, but genuine and honest absence of notice. As the
law developed, this requirement became crystallised in the doctrine of
constructive notice which assumed a statutory form in the Conveyancing Act
1882, section 3. But, and so far I would be willing to accompany the
respondents, it would be a mistake to suppose that the requirement of good
faith extended only to the matter of notice, or that when notice came to be
regulated by statute, the requirement of good faith became obsolete. Equity
still retained its interest in and power over the purchaser’s conscience. The
classic judgment of James L.J. in Pilcher v. Rawlins (1872) L.R. 7 Ch. App.
259, 269 is clear authority that it did: good faith there is stated as a
separate test which may have to be passed even though absence of notice is
proved. And there are references in cases subsequent to 1882 which confirm the
proposition that honesty or bona fides remained something which might be
inquired into (see Berwick & Co. v. Price [1905] 1 Ch. 632, 639; Taylor v.
London and County Banking Co. [1901] 2 Ch. 231, 256; Oliver v. Hinton [1899] 2
Ch. 264, 273).

144 Whilst the requirement of good faith is closely related to the question of
notice, it remains a separate consideration based on the equitable regard to
conscience. However, in many cases (see, for example, Armstrong DLW GmbH v
Winnington Networks Ltd [2013] Ch 156 at [121] and MKC at [296]), the same
considerations will apply to reaching a conclusion on good faith and notice.
In this case, the Plaintiffs did not assert that if the Defendants discharged
the burden with regard to notice, both actual and constructive, any separate
factors arose for consideration on good faith. The two stand or fall together.
I will therefore consider them together from [153]–[184] below.

Consideration

145 The Defendants’ assertion is that the payments were received in mutual
discharge of the parties’ respective obligations under the Esculier AMA. Even
if the relationship between the Plaintiffs and LGL was governed by Hong Kong
law, it was not disputed that the relationship between the Esculiers and
Lexinta was governed by Swiss law and, thus, regard had to be had to Swiss law
to determine whether, if LGL was not a party to the contract, nonetheless the
payment by it of the sums due under the AMA was a valid discharge of any
obligations whether real or fictitious of those companies within Lexinta which
were parties to the AMA.

146 On the assumptions that are being made, I cannot accept this. If Hong Kong
law applies and an obligation of trust arises to which the Defendants pleads a
defence of bona fide purchaser, it must be Hong Kong law that is applied to
determine whether or not this defence succeeds.

147 The Plaintiffs contend that Hong Kong law should be applied to assess the
question of consideration and raise two points. First, they contend that there
were no obligations under the AMA because it was a sham. Secondly, they say
that since LGL was not a party to the contract, it owed no obligations to the
Esculiers and therefore acted as an unauthorised intervenor. I was referred to
a passage in Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell and Stephen Watterson, Goff &
Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) at para
5–73:

… a defendant’s obligation to a creditor is not discharged if the creditor is
paid by an unauthorised intervenor acting voluntarily—i.e. by an intervenor
whose intention to pay is not vitiated in any way, and who does not pay
pursuant to a legal liability.

148 In response, as to the first point, the Defendants assert that even under
Hong Kong law, an investor who successfully exits a Ponzi scheme with apparent
profits is a purchaser for value. They rely on the observations of Lord
Sumption in Fairfield Sentry Ltd (in Liquidation) v Migany and others and
other cases [2014] UKPC 9 at [3]:

It is inherent in a Ponzi scheme that those who withdraw their funds before
the scheme collapses escape without loss, and quite possibly with substantial
fictitious profits. The loss falls entirely on those investors whose funds are
still invested when the money runs out and the scheme fails. Members of the
Fund who redeemed their shares before 18 December 2008 recovered the NAV which
the Directors determined to be attributable to their shares on the basis of
fictitious reports from BLMIS. The loss will in principle be borne entirely by
those who were still Members of the Fund at that date.

149 They also rely on the statement by Lord Briggs in In the Matter of
Stanford International Bank Ltd (in liquidation) [2019] UKPC 45 at [69]:

The Board’s unanimous view is that, even if in principle the court had
jurisdiction to do so, it would not be a proper exercise of discretion to
grant relief from oppression, both for the reasons given by Wallbank J and for
this additional reason. Relief from oppression under section 204 is, as the
judge acknowledged, essentially equitable in origin. Depositors who were paid
by SIB prior to its ceasing to trade received the money as bona fide
purchasers for value without notice. They were bona fide because no suggestion
was made that they were aware either of the bank’s insolvency or of the
underlying Ponzi scheme. They were purchasers for value because they were paid
pursuant to a contractual entitlement: see Snell’s Equity (33rd ed) para
4-022; Thorndike v Hunt (1859) 3 De G & J 563 and Taylor v Blacklock (1886) 32
Ch D 560 at 568, 570. They were purchasers without notice because it is not
suggested that any of them knew or ought to have known the facts giving rise
to a claim based on section 204.

150 On the second point, they contend that LGL was not an unauthorised
intervenor acting voluntarily. It was acting under the direction of Badilla
for Lexinta. They invited me to test the matter by asking the question: if
Lexinta had remained in funds, could the Esculiers, having been paid by LGL,
have demanded payment again from one of the actual contracting parties?

151 I accept the submissions of the Defendants. It is an unfortunate fact of a
Ponzi scheme that there are many innocent parties some of whom will have
“escaped” with their investments and notional profits because they exited
before the scheme was exposed. Others will be unlucky because they were still
invested when the scheme collapsed.

152 However, the fact that an investment agreement may turn out to be a sham
and the profits fictitious does not, in law, mean that there is no
consideration for the payment out of monies apparently owing. Further, on the
facts of this case, I am satisfied, that even if LGL was not a party to the
AMA, it was not acting as an unauthorised intervenor.

Notice

153 The applicable principles are succinctly stated in MKC at [285]:

In relation to the third element, the defendant’s state of knowledge must be
such as to make it unconscionable for him to retain the benefit of the
receipt: [George Raymond Zage III and another v Ho Chi Kwong and another
[2010] 2 SLR 589 (“GRZ III”)] at [23], citing Bank of Credit and Commerce
International (Overseas) Ltd v Akindele [2001] Ch 437. The degree of knowledge
required to impose liability will necessarily vary from transaction to
transaction; in cases where there is no settled practice of making routine
enquiries and prompt resolution of the transaction is required, clear evidence
of the degree of knowledge and fault must be adduced: GRZ III at [32]. Actual
knowledge of a breach of trust or fiduciary duty is not invariably necessary,
particularly when there are circumstances in a particular transaction that are
so unusual, or so contrary to accepted commercial practice, that it would be
unconscionable to allow a defendant to retain the benefit of the receipt: GRZ
III at [32].

154 Actual notice is a straight question of fact. Constructive notice is a
value judgment based on the available facts and guidance was given in the
judgment of Lord Clarke in Papadimitriou v Credit Agricole Corporation and
Investment Bank (“Credit Agricole”) [2015] 1 WLR 4265 at [12]–[20]:

12 Both in the courts below and before the Board the parties accepted that the
relevant test was that stated by Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury MR in Sinclair
Investments (UK) Ltd v Versailles Trade Finance Ltd [2012] Ch 453, para 100,
which must of course be considered in its context. That context includes paras
97–100 of his judgment as follows:

97\. the issue is simply whether on the facts known to the banks at the time
at which they received the payments in question they had notice of TPL’s
proprietary right to the money so paid.

98\. In Barclays Bank plc v O’Brien [1994] 1 AC 180, 195–196 Lord Browne-
Wilkinson explained: “The doctrine of notice lies at the heart of equity.
Given that there are two innocent parties, each enjoying rights, the earlier
right prevails against the later right if the acquirer of the later right
knows of the earlier right (actual notice) or would have discovered it had he
taken proper steps (constructive notice). In particular, if the party
asserting that he takes free of the earlier rights of another knows of certain
facts which put him on inquiry as to the possible existence of the rights of
that other and he fails to make such inquiry or take such other steps as are
reasonable to verify whether such earlier right does or does not exist, he
will have constructive notice of the earlier right and take subject to it.”

99\. In Macmillan Inc v Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc (No 3) [1995] 1 WLR
978, 1014, Millett J, albeit in an addendum to his judgment, touched on the
question of the nature of constructive notice in these terms: “[the plaintiff]
attempted to establish constructive notice on the part of each of the
defendants by a meticulous and detailed examination of every document, letter,
record or minute to see whether it threw any light on the true ownership of
the [relevant] shares which a careful reader—with instant recall of the whole
of the contents of his files—ought to have detected. That is not the proper
approach. Account officers are not detectives. Unless and until they are
alerted to the possibility of wrongdoing, they proceed, and are entitled to
proceed, on the assumption that they are dealing with honest men. In order to
establish constructive notice it is necessary to prove that the facts known to
the defendant made it imperative for him to seek an explanation, because in
the absence of an explanation it was obvious that the transaction was probably
improper.”

100\. In the present case, as at the three dates identified in para 95 above,
TPL’s case is that the banks ought to have appreciated that the transfers of
money effected on, or as at, those dates was ‘probably improper’ on the ground
that the money was beneficially owned by TPL, or at least that the banks ought
to have made inquiries before accepting the money. It is accepted by both TPL
and the defendants that the issue is to be determined by asking what the banks
actually knew, and what further inquiries, if any, a reasonable person, with
the knowledge and experience of the banks, would have made, and, in the light
of that, whether it was, or should have been, obvious to the banks that the
transaction was probably improper.

13 In para 109 Lord Neuberger MR summarised his conclusion as to how the
question should be put. He said that the question was whether, on the facts
known to the banks on the three dates,

a reasonable person with their attributes (ie those of a responsible large
bank with the benefit of highly experienced insolvency practitioners as their
appointed administrative receivers) should either have appreciated that a
proprietary claim probably existed or should have made inquiries or sought
advice, which would have revealed the probable existence of such a claim.

14 The approaches of Lord Browne-Wilkinson and Millett J do not seem to the
Board to be entirely consistent. The position has however been resolved in
Lord Neuberger MR’s para 109. As he indicates, it is important for these
purposes to distinguish between three different circumstances. The first is
where the bank in fact appreciates that a proprietary right in the property
probably exists, so that the bank has actual notice of the right. That is not
this case. The second is where a reasonable person with the attributes of the
bank should have appreciated based on facts already available to it that the
right probably existed, in which case the bank has constructive notice of the
existence of the right.

15 The third is where the bank should have made inquiries or sought advice
which would have revealed the probable existence of such a right. Here too,
the bank would have constructive notice of the right. The question is in what
circumstances and to what extent it can properly be said that the bank should
have made inquiries or sought advice. The cases suggest various possible
approaches. So, for example, Lord Browne-Wilkinson said in the passage in
Barclays Bank plc v O’Brien [1994] 1 AC 180, 195–196, quoted in para 12 above:

In particular, if the party asserting that he takes free of the earlier rights
of another knows of certain facts which put him on inquiry as to the possible
existence of the rights of that other and he fails to make such inquiry or
take such other steps as are reasonable to verify whether such earlier right
does or does not exist, he will have constructive notice of the earlier right
and take subject to it.

The suggestion there is that the bank must make inquiries if the bank is on
notice as to the possible existence of such a right.

16 What then is meant by possible? The Board does not think that Lord Browne-
Wilkinson can have intended to refer to the mere possibility of the existence
of a proprietary right. Although Lord Browne-Wilkinson referred more than once
to possibility, he also referred in a similar context, at p 196E, to there
being “a substantial risk”. As the quotation at para 12 above shows, Millett J
in Macmillan Inc v Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc (No 3) [1995] 1 WLR 978,
1014 also referred to “the possibility of wrongdoing”. After correctly
referring to the fact that a bank’s account officers are not detectives, he
said that, unless and until they

are alerted to the possibility of wrongdoing, they proceed, and are entitled
to proceed, on the assumption that they are dealing with honest men. In order
to establish constructive notice it is necessary to prove that the facts known
to the defendant made it imperative for him to seek an explanation, because in
the absence of an explanation it was obvious that the transaction was probably
improper.

17 With respect to Millett J, it is not absolutely clear what he meant. He was
correct to say that the starting point is the assumption that the bank is
dealing with honest men but it appears to the Board that there is some
confusion between the first stage, at which the bank is alerted to “the
possibility of wrongdoing” which it appears prompts an inquiry, and the second
stage after the inquiries have taken place. If he intended to say that it was
only necessary to carry out inquiries if it was obvious that, absent
inquiries, the transaction was probably improper, the Board regards that as
too high a test. The purpose of any such inquiries is to ascertain whether the
transaction was improper. If the facts already known to the bank show that the
transaction was probably improper without further inquiries, it appears to the
Board that the bank would have had constructive knowledge of that impropriety
without further inquiry.

18 As the Board sees it, the problem is largely resolved by Lord Neuberger
MR’s approach in the Sinclair case [2012] Ch 453, para 109. He identifies the
relevant persons at the bank and says that the bank will have constructive
notice where they should either have appreciated that a proprietary claim
probably existed or have made inquiries or sought advice, which would have
revealed the probable existence of such a claim. However, the Board thinks
that by “proprietary claim” Lord Neuberger MR must have meant “proprietary
right”. In the context of knowing receipt, in Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Herbert
Smith & Co (No 2) [1969] 2 Ch 276, 290 Danckwerts LJ said:

In my view, knowledge of a claim being made against the solicitor’s client by
the other party is not sufficient to amount to notice of a trust or notice of
misapplication of the moneys. In the present case, which involves unsolved
questions of fact, and difficult questions of German and English law, I have
no doubt that knowledge of the plaintiffs’ claim is not notice of the trusts
alleged by the plaintiffs.

In the Sinclair case [2012] Ch 453, para 108, Lord Neuberger MR said that he
agreed with the judge in that case that the reasoning in the Carl Zeiss case
supported the proposition that notice of a claim was not the same as notice of
a right. In these circumstances the Board considers that in his next paragraph
(para 109) Lord Neuberger MR must have intended to refer to the existence of a
proprietary right and not a claim.

19 In para 109, Lord Neuberger MR identifies two alternative cases in which
the bank would have constructive notice of a propriety right. The first is
where the bank should have appreciated that a propriety right probably
existed. Lord Neuberger MR does not suggest that further inquiries or advice
would be needed in that event, because the bank would have constructive notice
of the right. The second is where the bank should have made inquiries or
sought advice which would have revealed the probable existence of such a
right. He does not identify the state of mind which should have led the bank
to make such inquires or sought such advice. It appears to the Board that Lord
Neuberger MR did not intend to contradict Lord Browne-Wilkinson’s approach at
the earlier stage.

20 Thus, on the one hand, the bank’s knowledge of facts indicating the mere
possibility of a third party having a proprietary right would not be enough to
put the bank on inquiry but, on the other hand, it is not necessary for the
bank to conclude that it probably had such a right. The test is somewhere in
between. It may be formulated in this way. The bank must make inquiries if
there is a serious possibility of a third party having such a right or, put in
another way, if the facts known to the bank would give a reasonable banker in
the position of the particular banker serious cause to question the propriety
of the transaction. This approach seems to the Board to be consistent with
that expressed in Lewin on Trusts, 19th ed (2014), para 41-134 in connection
with commercial transactions. They say that in some commercial contexts a
purchaser may be fixed with notice in the absence of actual knowledge, but

only where in the particular commercial contract involved he has failed to
draw inferences which ought reasonably have been drawn in that context or has
been put upon inquiry by knowledge of suspicious circumstances indicative of
wrongdoing on the part of the transferor, but has failed to make inquiries
that are reasonable in the circumstances.

155 In the present case, therefore, three questions arise:

(a) Was it probable that either of the Esculiers had actual knowledge that
Badilla was operating a Ponzi scheme?

(b) Was it probable that a reasonable person with the attributes of the
Esculiers would have appreciated on the facts available to them that Badilla
was operating a Ponzi scheme?

(c) Were the facts known to the Esculiers such as would give a reasonable
person in the position of the Esculiers serious cause to question the
propriety of the repayments to be made and then to make proper inquiries?

156 In answering those questions, it should be borne in mind that, since the
onus is on the Defendants, it is for them to prove the negative, so that if
there is doubt whether they have done this, the benefit of that doubt must be
given to the Plaintiffs.

157 The starting point is to have regard to the relationship between Badilla
and the Esculiers when they first asked for the return of the proceeds of
their investment in October 2015. The evidence of both the Esculiers 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript (22 Mar 2022) at p 47 lines 16–19.

and TP 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PBAEIC (Vol 1) at p 14, para 29 (TP’s AEIC).

demonstrates that Badilla was able to easily generate confidence in his
ability as an investment manager and to create and maintain an atmosphere of
trust. He did this both by his personality and by the detail which he supplied
to his investors to support the investments which he asserted had been made on
his clients’ behalf, regardless of whether this was true or false. Both
parties had taken steps to satisfy themselves that Badilla was the right man
to be entrusted with their investments before signing the AMAs and depositing
funds with Lexinta. The Plaintiffs do not suggest that the Esculiers had any
reason to be dissatisfied with Lexinta’s conduct prior to seeking the release
of their funds in October 2015, nor had they any reason to suspect that the
profits that it was said that they had made were anything other than genuinely
generated.

158 When the Esculiers met with Badilla to tell him that they wished to
terminate the AMA at the end of the financial year (December 2015), which they
were entitled to do under Section 9 of the Esculier AMA (see Annex 1), Badilla
requested that termination should be in April 2016 at the end of the second
year of the agreement so that he could obtain all the commission due to him.
Whilst that was not in fact a requirement of the agreement, the Esculiers
claim that they agreed out of fairness to Badilla. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DBWS at p 165, paras 57–58 (BE’s AEIC); and Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 71
line 4 to p 74 line 10.

159 Their relationship is summed up in the following passage of Mr Chaisty’s
cross-examination of BE: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 71 line 16 to p 72 line 10.

Mr Chaisty: Did you go back to him and say, “Well, look at section 9. Section
9 makes provision for cancellation on 60 days’ notice”? Did you go back to him
and say --

BE: Sir, at the time, it’s not the relationship -- kind of relationship. If I
put this, how it was at the time, the context. We had a very good
relationship. I had the impression he had worked extremely hard, extremely
hard for us, very long hours, so when he told me that, I believed him. And I
also think that, actually, even before that, he had described to me that the
cut-off date for his commission was the date of signing of our contract. I’m
pretty sure he told me that, before that actual meeting. So I -- I know we are
in this courtroom and discussing legal document, but I was -- yeah. There, it
was not -- I don’t -- I don’t think that made sense for me to just go back to
the agreement. It was not the type of -- of relationship we had built and
trust we had built over the last two years, the last year and a half.

160 The parties then met on 4 January and sometime in early February 2016 and,
possibly, once more before April. However, it was not suggested to BE in
cross-examination that prior to April there was any indication by Badilla that
there might be problems or delays in making payment in April. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 78 line 9 to p 83 line 5.

However, on 16 April 2016 payment was not made. The starting point for
considering whether or not the requisite knowledge can be ascribed to the
Esculiers is therefore 16 April 2016.

161 The first period of delay was from 16 April until 5 August 2016 when
US$7,439,004.77 in respect of the Joint IPO Investments was repaid. Both the
Esculiers were cross-examined at length on the various documents that passed
between the parties in this period.

162 Mr Chaisty made two preliminary observations in relation to this evidence.
First, he contended that the detail in the correspondence and the nature of
the meetings and phone calls between BE and Badilla had not been properly
addressed in her AEIC, and that this was an attempt on her part to conceal the
“high degree of concern and anxiety” she had at the time. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

’PCS at para 37(9).

It is correct to say that her AEIC did not go into the detail that was
subsequently the subject of the cross-examination, but it has to be remembered
that at the time she swore her AEIC, the case that the Defendants had to meet
was not the detailed positive case that arose out of the amendments to the
pleadings during the course of trial. At the time of the AEIC, the Defendants
had merely been put to proof of the absence of notice. I consider that the
level of detail contained in the AEIC was adequate to address this burden and
that no criticism can be made for not going into further detail.

163 Secondly, Mr Chaisty drew my attention to some observations of Leggatt J
(as he then was) in Gestmin SGPS SA v Credit Suisse (UK) Ltd [2013] EWHC 3560
(Comm) at [15]–[22] which conclude at [22] as follows:

In the light of these considerations, the best approach for a judge to adopt
in the trial of a commercial case is, in my view, to place little if any
reliance at all on witnesses’ recollections of what was said in meetings and
conversations, and to base factual findings on inferences drawn from the
documentary evidence and known or probable facts. This does not mean that oral
testimony serves no useful purpose – though its utility is often
disproportionate to its length. But its value lies largely, as I see it, in
the opportunity which cross-examination affords to subject the documentary
record to critical scrutiny and to gauge the personality, motivations and
working practices of a witness, rather than in testimony of what the witness
recalls of particular conversations and events. Above all, it is important to
avoid the fallacy of supposing that, because a witness has confidence in his
or her recollection and is honest, evidence based on that recollection
provides any reliable guide to the truth.

164 This is a helpful analysis of the manner in which a judge should assess
oral evidence based upon contemporaneous documents, especially in seeking to
gauge the personality, motivations and working practices of a witness. This is
particularly so when the issue resides in determining the state of mind of the
witness at a given time as opposed to their recollection of events.

165 However, it is essential to bear in mind that one should resist the
temptation to focus too much on the precise wording of a document –
particularly e-mails but equally, to a lesser extent, on more formal
correspondence – in seeking to determine what the purpose underlying the
communication was and, thus, what the thinking was of the writer or the
influence that the writer was seeking to have on the recipient. This approach
may be appropriate when considering the wording of a contract or a deed but is
less helpful when dealing with everyday communications.

166 In this case, the cross-examination of the Esculiers did focus to a
significant extent on certain words and phrases in each piece of
correspondence in seeking to ascertain the Esculiers’ state of mind when
either writing or receiving it. I did not find this to be a realistic exercise
best calculated to assist me in forming a view as to what the real state of
mind was of the Esculiers at any given time.

167 The interchanges between the Esculiers and Badilla in the period up to 5
August 2016 in summary were as follows:

(a) To begin with, BE contacted Badilla to be told that an audit was taking
place and he was unable to say how long this would take. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 85 line 10 to p 92 line 18.

This passage of cross-examination concluded: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 91 line 18 to p 92 line 18.

BE: What -- sorry, sir, I would like to finish. What I was trying to explain,
sir, is that probably at the beginning when I didn’t see the transfer coming,
I called him maybe twice a week. Then when he told me about the audit, then I
called him less because I thought the audit was going on. And then when I was
expecting the funds and I didn’t see it coming, it’s probably when I asked my
husband to step in to see, you know, what was going on.

Mr Chaisty: Why did you ask your husband to step in?

BE: Because I sensed that Mr Badilla respected my husband.

Mr Chaisty: What? He would say something to your husband different to you, or
he would react differently if your husband phoned him, would he?

BE: I’m a woman. My husband is a very respected man. It can sound subjective,
but he is.

Mr Chaisty: Would it be fair to say that you and your husband felt that it was
important that your husband should speak to Badilla because Badilla was just
making excuses and that your husband would be able to get to the bottom of it
more effectively?

BE: No, not necessarily excuses. We’re trying to understand. We’re trying to
understand what was -- what were the audits, what was the purpose, the
complexity of the audit. So I asked my husband to try to understand more from
Mr Badilla.

(b) JE then e-mailed Badilla on 16 May 2016 asking for a clear schedule for
the return of the funds and received a reply on the same day. There then
followed an exchange of e-mails until 30 May 2016 in which Badilla explains
the requirements of the audits and the Esculiers express their increasing
frustration. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DBOD (Vol 3), Tabs 196–199.

The last e-mail from Badilla on 30 May reads as follows: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

DBOD (Vol 3) at p 134.

Dear [BE],

I hope that my note finds you well, ahead of my call today, I will give you a
quick up-date, I spoke to the compliance department and they are almost
finished with the Audit, I am fully aware that you have some pressing needs
and that you need the transfer done asap, I can assure you that I have been
doing my best to get it moving quickly, please keep in mind that your accounts
traded a large number of IPO’s and some very significant amounts, over 50% of
our allocation were allocated to your accounts from our trading books, of
course this was great, but it also trigger a more intense audit, our intention
is not to delay or retain your funds and profits, I made your account a
priority for the past 24 months, I truly hope that you and Jacques are able to
understand it. and I hope that the optic of this transfer does not mare the
good work that we have done for you in past 24 months.

Best wishes from me [BE], and we speak later this afternoon.

BIZ

[quoted as written]

(c) Nothing happened, so on 23 June 2016 BE informed Badilla that lawyers were
being instructed. This was not done immediately and on 11 July 2016 Badilla
e-mailed BE with what appeared to be a remittance advice to BE in the sum of
US$7,439,000.77 but no proceeds were received by BE’s bank. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DBOD (Vol 3), Tabs 203–205.

(d) On 21 July 2016, Swiss lawyers, Bar and Karrer (“B&K”), instructed by the
Esculiers wrote to LAG demanding either payment of all sums due or a detailed
written explanation together with all supporting documents including bank
statements. It reserved the right to bring proceedings against LAG. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DBOD (Vol 3), Tab 206.

(e) Although the letter was written to LAG, Badilla replied on LGL’s notepaper
(but with the same Lexinta Group heading as before). 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DBOD (Vol 3), Tab 208.

The letter reads as follows:

Asset Management agreement with [BE] and [JE]

Dear Sirs,

Please be advised that I am in receipt of your letter dated 21st July 2016,
delivered by registered mail to the offices of Lexinta AG located at
[address], of which the contents have been duly noted.

Before moving on to answer your requests, I would like to point out that our
mutual clients, [JE] & [BE] Asset Management Agreement is with Lexinta Group
Ltd, a Hong Kong domiciled corporation and therefore all future correspondence
should be addressed to that entity, as detailed in the letterhead above.

I can confirm that a notice of termination has been received for the joint
account identified as A20-1738-379855 / acct. id: SE-A1-U and that the sum of
USD 7,439,004,77 is being processed for reimbursement in accordance with the
notice of termination.

At this juncture I would like to convey my sincerest apologies for any
inconvenience caused by the unforeseen administrative delays in the processing
of our mutual client’s notice of termination in respect to the fore-mentioned
account.

Due the technicalities of the investments that the funds were invested in, I
can confirm the funds will be transferred to the nominated bank with a value
date no later than Monday, 15th August 2016. In light of the delays faced by
[JE] & [BE], I will endeavour to reimburse the funds prior to the nominated
dated.

As for the other two investment sums of EUR 1,578,514 and USD 1,300,125
respectively identified as A20-1738-379855 / acct. id: SE-A2-E and
A20-1738-37985655 / acct. id: SE-A3-S, please be advised that according to our
records we have not received a notice of termination. Therefore I will
personally visit [JE] & [BE], within the next 10 working days, to obtain their
consent to terminate.

On receipt of the notice(s) of termination immediate processing for
reimbursement will begin in accordance with the Asset Management Agreement.

If you require any further assistance please do not hesitate to contact me.

Yours truly,

[signed]

Bismark Badilla

President & CEO

(f) It can be seen that Badilla asserted (wrongly) for the first time that LGL
was a party to the AMA and, also for the first time, sought to draw a
distinction between the sums owing to the Esculiers under the three
investments made by them (see [43] above). He indicated that the sum due in
relation to the first investment, US$7,439,000.77, would be paid by 15 August
2016.

(g) Around this time, B&K did some searches into Badilla and Lexinta. They did
not find anything of concern, particularly, there were no debt issues. BE also
found out that Badilla was doing a road show with clients and contacted other
investors for reassurance that they had been repaid when requested. BE’s
evidence is that she understood that these other investors had been repaid,
and that she found this reassuring. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 149 line 22 to p 150 line 12, p 164 line 7 to p
165 line 17, and p 175 line 20 to p 176 line 20; Transcript (22 Mar 2022) at p
3 line 18 to p 17 line 19.

(h) B&K responded on 29 July 2016 repeating and amplifying upon its demand for
a written detailed account by 3 August 2016, drawing attention to the fact
that the AMA was signed by LAG with an address in Zug and contesting the
contention that notice of termination had not been given for the latter two
investments. For the avoidance of doubt, notice of termination was confirmed.
145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DBOD (Vol 3), Tab 209.

(i) On 3 August 2016 Badilla responded, again from LGL, indicating that
US$7,439,000.77 would be remitted on 5 August and that the termination process
would be initiated for the other two accounts. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DBOD (Vol 3), Tab 210.

(j) US$7,439,000.77 was then transferred on 5 August 2016. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

DBOD (Vol 3), Tabs 211–212.

168 It is appropriate to take stock of the position at this point when the
bulk of the sums due were paid. Both BE and JE were cross-examined on all that
occurred during this period. In closing submissions, Mr Chaisty submitted that
by the time they gave evidence, they were well aware of the issues in the case
and fully grasped the points raise on their defence. “They were resolute in
their determination to keep to the script of denying at any stage despite the
delays, excuses and correspondence, even the smallest hint of any suspicion at
any time”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCS at para 37.

In consequence, I was invited to conclude that neither Defendant had
approached the giving of evidence in a simple and straightforward manner which
was open, clear and designed to assist the court and, further, that recourse
to the documents demonstrated that they had real concerns and doubts as to
where their money was.

169 It is important to bear in mind that the relevant question to be posed in
relation to notice is whether one person had notice (be it actual or
constructive) that another has a claim, specifically, to beneficial ownership
of the sums in question. Any suspicion or concerns that the Esculiers had must
have been such as to cause them to question the propriety of the repayments on
the basis that the money might belong to someone else. It is insufficient if
they had different concerns. It is thus necessary to be clear, where the
witness is being asked about suspicions and concerns, precisely what it was
that those suspicions and concerns were directed to.

170 Dealing first with JE’s evidence. In the main, he left matters to his wife
but acted directly with Badilla when requested. He said that in the course of
his business he had a standard process with regard to debt collection. First,
he would try to find out the reason why the sums were not paid, then, second,
build up pressure on the appropriate person to bring them up to speed on the
urgency of doing whatever was necessary and, third, if necessary, he would
instruct a lawyer. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript (22 Mar 2022) at p 74 line 9 to p 77 line 14, p 83 lines 3–13, p 91
line 18 to p 92 line 24, p 97 line 2 to p 98 line 5, and p 100 lines 6–24.

We can see that this was the process adopted here.

171 So far as concerns Badilla’s comments about the necessity of an audit, JE
said that there was substance and a certain credibility to this claim, having
regard to his experience in dealing with banks. Further, JE also testified
that his experience had shown him that matters such as audits pan out “more in
terms of weeks and months rather than days”, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript (22 Mar 2022) at p 81 line 25 to p 83 line 2.

explaining the Esculiers’ tolerance of Badilla’s delays.

172 He also gave evidence of his experience that people who owe money always
find tactics to postpone things and that this was what he considered Badilla
was doing. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript (22 Mar 2022) at p 110 line 23 to p 111 line 16 and p 112 line 16
to p 114 line 11.

173 It was not directly suggested to JE that as at 5 August 2016 he had
serious cause for concern as to the origin of the money being remitted to
them, but I consider it is clear from his evidence that he did not. To him, as
a businessman, whilst Badilla’s conduct was regrettable and frustrating, it
was nothing out of the ordinary.

174 BE was aware of her husband’s approach to solving issues by applying
pressure and understood that this was what he was seeking to do once she had
asked him to become involved. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 96 lines 13–20 and p 120 lines 5–21.

She also had had experience with the delays inherent in dealing with banks.
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 96 line 21 to p 97 line 12.

She plainly found Badilla’s conduct frustrating, even childish, but did not
consider that he was lying about the need for an audit which made sense to
her. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 94 line 23 to p 95 line 3, p 101 line 9 to p 102
line 8, and p 117 line 23 to p 118 line 20.

175 BE was cross-examined at length over the various words and phrases in each
of the documents to seek to identify the degree of concern which she had prior
to the payment on 5 August 2016. The following is an example: 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) p 145 lines 3–13. See also Transcript (21 Mar 2022)
at p 155 line 23 to p 156 line 14, p 159 line 21 to p 160 line 9, and p 173
lines 6–18; Transcript (22 Mar 2022) at p 32 line 13 to p 33 line 13.

Mr Chaisty: So three months of recurring promises that have been broken, yes?
By this stage, by 11 July, were you now starting to have concerns about what
was going on and where your money was?

BE: Not where my money was, no.

Mr Chaisty: I see.

BE: Not where my money was.

Mr Chaisty: Where did you think it was?

BE: But concerns, yes, and it's why – it’s why -- and it’s why, even earlier,
I think towards the end of June, we informed him that we had to hire a lawyer.

176 It is clear from this interchange that BE’s concerns did not relate to
where her money was coming from but to the fact that there were unacceptable
delays in having her money remitted to her. It was not put to her that she had
concerns at this time that she was going to be paid with someone else’s money.
It was at this time that she checked that there were no debt issues, which is
consistent with a concern about the viability of the business and its ability
to pay not about the source of the funds.

177 She was then cross-examined on the fact that the funds were to be remitted
from the DBS account in Hong Kong rather than the Hang Seng Bank account. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) p 181 line 8 to p 192 line 16.

Although this is a long passage, the kernel of her evidence can be seen from
the following extract: 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) p 187 line 5 to p 188 line 17.

BE: What do you mean by “taking money”?

Mr Chaisty: Well, receiving money for investment in the same way that you
thought you were receiving payment.

BE: Yes.

Mr Chaisty: You knew that?

BE: Yes.

Mr Chaisty: So you must have at least suspected that the money sitting in the
DBS account that was going to be paid to you, might have belonged, might have
represented money that other third party parties had given it.

BE: No. This, no.

Mr Chaisty: Right, so what did you think the DBS account was all about? Where
did that suddenly spring from.

Mr Chaisty: From my perspective, what matters is it was Lexinta. Really, if I
go to the bottom of it, for me, what was important it was coming from Lexinta.

Mr Chaisty: So anything that bears the name Lexinta as far as you’re concerned
--

BE: So we had -- excuse me.

Mr Chaisty: Anything that bears the name Lexinta as far as you’re concerned is
okay, is it?

Court: Again, I think you have to be more accurate than that.

Mr Chaisty: So by 5 August 2016, any payment from any bank

account which bears the name Lexinta, wherever it might be, is okay, is it?
Nothing to worry about.

BE: I wouldn’t say wherever it might be. It was coming from Hong Kong, I had
transferred in Hong Kong. So I was comfortable with that. If it had come from
the Cayman, Curacao, then perhaps I would have wondered. But it came from Hong
Kong, where -- and from Lexinta, so I was -- it was fine. I was fine with
that.

Mr Chaisty: Mrs Esculier, I have to put this to you, and I do it quite
squarely, that by 5 August, you didn’t care where the money came from, you
were quite happy to take money wherever it was coming from, whichever bank
account it might be?

BE: I disagree, sir, with all respect.

178 Both BE and JE’s evidence was the subject of the criticisms outlined
above. Having seen and heard both of them in the witness box and considered
the contemporaneous documents, I am unable to accept the validity of those
criticisms. I accept the logic of the approach adopted by the Esculiers as a
means to put pressure on Badilla and a review of the documents in this context
supports the evidence given. I accept that the Esculiers were frustrated and
towards the end somewhat concerned as to what was going on. However, I also
accept that they took appropriate steps, both through B&K and by the searches
done by BE, to satisfy themselves that there was no underlying problem with
Badilla’s business. Their conclusion that his reluctance to pay was in part
due to audit difficulties and in part due to the fact that Badilla was
focusing on other matters is not unreasonable.

179 I can now return to the three questions set out in [155] above. It follows
from my findings that the answer to both questions 1 and 2 is “No”. The
Defendants did not have actual knowledge by 5 August 2016 that Badilla was
operating a Ponzi scheme and I do not consider that a reasonable person in the
position of the Esculiers would have appreciated on the facts available to
them that Badilla was operating a Ponzi scheme. There was nothing other than
the delay in making the repayment to alert them to that possibility. The
length of that delay coupled with the reasons given for it would not, in my
judgment, have alerted the notional reasonable person to have any greater
concerns than did the Esculiers.

180 Question 3 requires me to ask whether the facts known to the Esculiers
were such as would give a reasonable person in the position of the Esculiers
serious cause to question the propriety of the repayments to be made and then
to make proper inquiries.

181 There must be serious concerns not about the ability to pay but about the
proprietary of the monies being repaid. The Esculiers did not have such
concerns and I do not believe that the notional reasonable person would have
has any greater concerns on the facts of this case. Like the Esculiers, the
facts might have caused them to make enquiries similar to those made by the
Esculiers but this would not have revealed the existence of the Ponzi scheme.
The Plaintiffs did not identify any other enquiries which the reasonable
person should have made which would have revealed the true position. This is
not surprising as no such information came to light until over a year later.
The answer to question 3 is therefore, also “no”.

182 As at 5 August 2016, therefore, the Defendants would have made out the
defence of lack of notice.

183 I can deal with the other two repayments briefly. The second repayment was
made just over a month later on 13 September 2016 (see [71(d)] above), and it
also comprised the payment of €164,841.26 on 28 September 2016 to make up the
exchange rate deficit. The third was made on 1 February 2017. Throughout this
period, the Esculiers maintained pressure on Badilla and Badilla continued to
prevaricate. BE gave evidence, which I accept, that once they had been repaid
the majority of their investments in August 2016, they were reassured that the
other outstanding payments would be made. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript (21 Mar 2022) at p 195 line 22 to p 196 line 6; Transcript (22 Mar
2022) at p 123 lines 10–15.

I also accept her evidence that by December 2016, she was tired of the whole
situation. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript (22 Mar 2022) at p 37 lines 1–14 and p 45 lines 17–24.

184 The position as I see it is that once the first substantial payment had
been made, the Esculiers were satisfied that as long as they maintained
pressure on Badilla he would pay up in due course. The Plaintiffs do not
suggest that anything else occurred in this period that should have alerted
the Esculiers or the notional reasonable person that Badilla was operating a
Ponzi scheme or given them serious cause for concern that this might be the
case. Their mind-set and hence the mind-set of the notional reasonable person
would thus not have changed.

Conclusion on Issue 5

185 I therefore conclude that had it been necessary for the Defendants to
establish the defence of “bona fide purchaser for value without notice”, they
would have done so.

Issue 6: The JL Transfer

186 By June 2016, the relationship between TP and Badilla was such that she
asked him to become a trustee of a family trust, the Catolac Family Trust (the
“Catolac Trust”). She recounts the history of the Catolac Trust and the manner
in which it had dealings through JL in paragraphs 30 to 35 of her AEIC:

30\. On 23rd January 2012 my late father, Mr Israel Perry, had declared the
Trust as a discretionary trust primarily for the benefit of his immediate
family (my mother Mrs. Lea Lilly Perry, my sister Yael Perry, me and my
children).

31\. [JL] acted as asset manager for Catola International Inc (“Catola”), a
Panamanian company wholly owned by the [Catolac] Trust, under an asset
management agreement dated 26th January 2012 between [JL] and Mr Mordechai
Rozanes, the original trustee of the [Catolac] Trust.

32\. Mr Rozanes was later replaced as trustee of the [Catolac] Trust by Mr
Neupert. On 10th April 2015 Mr Neupert exercised his powers as trustee to
resolve to make a distribution in accordance with the Second Schedule of the
[Catolac] Trust Deed, which sets out default trusts which would take effect in
any event at the end of the trust period. This distribution would have
exhausted the [Catolac] Trust assets. This distribution was not however
implemented by Mr Neupert.

33\. On 12th July 2016, Badilla was appointed sole trustee of the [Catolac]
Trust in succession to Mr Neupert, and as such also became sole signatory for
Catola. The appointment of Badilla as sole trustee was made by Ballestier
Finance Corp as Protector of the [Catolac] Trust. This appointment illustrates
the trust I had come to repose in Badilla by this time.

34\. On or around 9th September 2016 assets to the value of USD3,620,750 were
remitted by [JL] to the LGL Account, for my personal benefit and for the
credit of my client account (or supposed client account) with Lexinta. Four
payments were made by [JL]: EUR1,700,000 (credited to the LGL Account as
USD1,903,150), EUR800,000 (credited to the LGL Account as USD895,600),
USD700,000 and USD122,000.

35\. Badilla, acting in his capacity as trustee of the [Catolac] Trust and
signatory for Catola, did the following:

a. With respect to distributions made by Badilla from the Trust to me, he gave
instructions to [JL] to transfer sums from Catola to the LGL Account for my
benefit, which I confirmed in writing to [JL].

b. With respect to distributions made from the [Catolac] Trust to my mother,
he caused funds to be transferred to an account she held at [JL], for which I
held power of attorney. On 6th September 2016 I instructed [JL] to make
transfers from my mother’s account to the LGL Account for my benefit.

c. The instruction I gave to [JL] with respect to my mother’s account, was
pursuant to the terms of a written agreement between my mother and myself
dated 6th September 201617, which provided (so far as is relevant) that any
balance of this account exceeding USD800,000 was to be made available to me
for my benefit, so that when the payment from my mother’s account to the LGL
Account was made on my instructions, it was for my benefit.

187 The Defendants contend that this evidence is insufficient to demonstrate
that the JL payments were made for the benefit of TP rather than the Catolac
Trust. In their closing submissions 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

DCS at paras 275–290.

the Defendants give five reasons why I should not accept TP’s evidence, which
mainly revolve around the fact that there is no corroborating evidence, as
well as the fact that some possibly inconsistent statements were made in
earlier proceedings in Hong Kong.

188 In cross-examination which runs from pages 77 to 127 of the transcript for
14 March 2022, TP was repeatedly presented with documents which it was
contended brought into question her evidence that the distribution from the
Catolac Trust via JL was for her benefit. It does appear that from time to
time there was a measure of confusion as to whether the investments were made
for the benefit of the Catolac Trust, a still subsisting trust, or whether
they represented distributions on sums due to TP from the Catolac Trust
following which the Catolac Trust ceased to exist.

189 I do not propose to extend this already overlong judgment by considering
the whole of that cross-examination. It is sufficient to cite the end of it:
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript (14 Mar 2022) at p 126 line 24 to p 127 line 8.

TP: And I would say -- and I would just repeat it, because it’s very important
for me, when -- when we did a distribution, my -- my sister got her part, it
was considered to be her personal money, and the same -- the same supposed to
be -- sorry, the same distribution for me supposed to be for my personal use.
Like my sister. So I don’t know -- so, yeah, I had here a mistake, but there
is no Catolac Trust. There is no trustee. There is no trust. At the day of the
distribution, this trust ceased to exist.

190 This passage is indeed a repetition of the position she maintained
throughout the cross-examination. True it is that TP did not produce any
documents to support the assertion that the Catolac Trust had been wound up
but neither did the Defendants. Equally, it is true that the Plaintiffs did
not adduce evidence from anyone else in support, but it appears that the best
person to assist in this would have been Badilla.

191 Overall, the totality of the evidence does satisfy me, on the balance of
probabilities, that the sums transferred by JL to the LGL account in Hong Kong
did represent moneys in the Catolac Trust which were due to TP.

Issue 7: The counterclaim

192 By their counterclaim the Defendants seek, if successful in the action, an
award of damages under the cross-undertaking given by the Plaintiffs to BE by
virtue of the Orders made in OS 1016 in paragraph 4 of the Order dated 10
January 2020 and to JE in paragraph 3(a) of the Order dated 17 March 2020. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

D&CC at paras 40 and 41.

193 Strictly speaking, since the Orders were made in OS 1016, any award under
the cross-undertakings should be a matter for the judge in that summons when
it is restored following judgment in this action. However, both parties
invited me to decide it in this action as that would avoid the necessity for
the judge in OS 1016 to be re-acquainted with the details of the litigation
and for a further hearing to be appointed to resolve the matter.

194 This is a sensible pragmatic course and, in the circumstances, I am
prepared to accede to their invitation.

195 The Esculiers were denied access to the Disputed Monies held in the
Esculiers’ DBS account in Singapore when it was frozen on 15 March 2019. The
Defendants thus seek an award for losses caused since that date. The
Plaintiffs dispute this contending that any award should only relate to
losses, if any, arising after the dates of the Orders, a year later. The plain
wording of the undertaking favours the Defendants. The material portion
provides that should the Court “find that the denial of access to the
[Defendants of the Disputed Monies] has caused loss …”. The relevant date is
thus the date from which access is denied, not the dates of the Orders.

196 Kitchin LJ (as he then was) gave guidance as to the principles and
approach applicable in assessing damages under a cross-undertaking in
AstraZeneca AB v KRKA dd Novo Mesto [2015] EWCA Civ 484 at [12]–[15]. They can
be summarised as follows in so far as applicable to the facts of this case:

(a) The approach is compensatory not punitive but the principle of “liberal
assessment” should apply.

(b) The fact that certainty or precision is not possible does not mean that a
principled approach cannot be attempted.

(c) If the assessment involves estimating what might have happened in the
future the court must make an estimate of the chances of that thing happening
and adjust the award by reference to those chances.

(d) The court should not be over eager in scrutinising the evidence or too
ready to subject any proposed methodology to minute criticism.

197 BE gave evidence that had the Disputed Monies not been frozen they would
have been invested in a Swiss retirement fund and have achieved a
significantly higher rate of interest than was achieved by the rates that have
been applied during this period by DBS. In this connection, the Defendants
tendered information regarding such a fund which generated 6.26% over the
three years to September 2021 against a benchmark of 6.96%. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

DBOD (Vol 3), Tab 286.

Adopting a pragmatic approach, it is suggested that it that it would be fair
for an award to be made at the pre-judgment interest rate of 5.33%.

198 In cross-examination BE accepted that from the time the Disputed Monies
were received in the DBS account they were put on a time deposit. She said
that at that time she was busy and could not attend to reinvestment,
particularly as interest rates were pretty high, but that she intended to do
so, conservatively, when the opportunity arose. She considered that she would
have done this when the market conditions changed and interest rates dropped.
164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript (22 Mar 2022) at p 51 line 7 to p 53 line 19.

199 I accept that the Esculiers would not have left the money on deposit for
an extended period particularly when interest rates were dropping and the
suggestion of investing in a conservative retirement fund is plausible. The
return suggested rate of return of around 6.0% seems reasonable although there
should be a discount to cater for the chance that they would not have made
such an investment or that they would have made it at a date somewhat later
then the date on which they lost control of the Disputed Monies.

200 There are some similarities between the fact that the monies were
unavailable to them and the position which would have applied had the money
been owed to them by the Plaintiffs and only been paid after judgment in their
favour when the 5.33% rate might have been applied.

201 Taking all these factors into account, I have concluded that the
Plaintiffs should pay the Defendants damages at the rate of 4% on the disputed
sums from 15 March 2019, but with credit being given for all sums actually
accrued by way of interest on the account in the meantime.

Conclusion

202 The action fails. Whilst one has sympathy for any party who loses money as
a result of a Ponzi scheme, in the circumstances of this case the law does not
entitle the Plaintiffs to recover from the Defendants, earlier investors, who
had the good fortune to be repaid before the scheme collapsed.

203 OS 1016 should therefore be restored for an appropriate order to be made
giving effect to this judgment so that the Defendants are no longer denied
access to the Disputed Monies.

204 The parties did not address me on costs. The normal order would be that
the Plaintiffs should pay the Defendants’ costs. If Plaintiffs wish to contest
this, they should so indicate, giving reasons, within seven days from the date
of this Judgment. If not, the parties should seek to agree costs and, if this
is not possible, they should, within 21 days, file written submissions, no
more than eight pages long, and should indicate whether they are content to
dispense with a hearing and have the matter decided on paper.

Simon Thorley  
International Judge|  
---|---  
  
Paul Chaisty QC (instructed counsel), Yee Mun Howe Gerald and Koh Kuan Hong
John Paul (Premier Law LLC) for the plaintiffs/defendants in the counterclaim;

Kam Su Cheun Aurill and Lim Rui Hsien Esther (Legal Clinic LLC), Colin Liew
(Colin Liew LLC) (instructed co-counsel) for the defendants/plaintiffs in the
counterclaim.

Annexures

Annex 1: The Esculier AMA

205 This document may be accessed as an attachment to the PDF copy of this
judgment, labelled “Annex 1—The Esculier AMA”.

Annex 2: 8 May 2014 Letter from Badilla

206 This document may be accessed as an attachment to the PDF copy of this
judgment, labelled “Annex 2—8 May 2014 Letter from Badilla to SE”.

Annex 3: The SRE AMA

207 This document may be accessed as an attachment to the PDF copy of this
judgment, labelled “Annex 3—The SRE AMA”.

Annex 4: The First Report of Dr Dasser

208 This document may be accessed as an attachment to the PDF copy of this
judgment, labelled “Annex 4—The First Report of Dr Dasser”.

Annex 5: The Additional Report of Dr Dasser

209 This document may be accessed as an attachment to the PDF copy of this
judgment, labelled “Annex 5—The Additional Report of Dr Dasser”.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

15 July 2022

Case summary

Perry, Tamar and another v Esculier, Bonnet Servane Michele Thais and another
[2022] SGHC(I) 10

  

Suit No. 4 of 2020

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by Justice
Simon Thorley):

Outcome: The Plaintiffs claimed that certain monies (the “Disputed Monies”)
transferred into the Defendants’ joint bank account with DBS Bank Ltd in
Singapore (the “DBS Account”) were being held subject to a trust in their
favour. They therefore sought by this suit to recover those monies. The
Singapore International Commercial Court (the “Court”) dismissed the
Plaintiffs’ claim.

Background

1 The Plaintiffs and Defendants both invested in funds administered by a group
of companies trading under various names, each comprising as its principal
denominator the word “Lexinta”. These companies were under the control and
management of one Mr Bismark Badilla (“Badilla”), a Spanish citizen, resident
in Switzerland. For precision, it should also be noted that the first
Plaintiff, Ms Tamar Perry (“TP”), did not directly invest with these Lexinta
companies, instead, she claimed to be the beneficiary of funds investment by a
company called JL Securities (“JL”).

2 The Defendants were the earlier investors, having made their initial
investment in 2014. Importantly, the Defendants’ investment agreement (the
“Esculier Asset Management Agreement” or “Esculier AMA”) with “Lexinta” only
identifies some of the Lexinta companies as parties to the agreement, Lexinta
Limited (“LL”), Lexinta Management Limited (“LML”) and Lexinta Inc (“L Inc”).
There were two other companies identified by the parties to this suit –
Lexinta AG (“LAG”) and Lexinta Group Limited (“LGL”) – but they were not
listed as parties to the Esculier AMA.

3 In 2015, the Defendants sought to terminate the Esculier AMA. They asked for
the return of their principal investment and for any gains to be paid out. It
was agreed between the Defendants and Badilla that this would be done in April
2016.

4 Come April 2016, such payments were not forthcoming and Badilla gave the
excuse to the Defendants that the Lexinta companies were undergoing an audit.
During this period, the Defendants pressed Badilla to make payment, and around
this same time – between April 2016 and February 2017 – the Plaintiffs also
became investors in the same funds administered by Lexinta, making transfers
to a bank account held by LGL in Hong Kong. Again, it is important to note
that the Plaintiffs’ investment agreements (the “Plaintiffs’ AMAs”) with
“Lexinta” similarly did not name either LAG or LGL; their counterparties were
stated to be LL, LML and L Inc.

5 Eventually, Badilla caused payment to be made to the Defendants pursuant to
their desire to terminate their investment agreement. Such payment was made
into the Defendants’ DBS Account. However, after payment was made, it came to
light that Badilla may have been running a Ponzi scheme, and was the subject
of criminal investigations in Switzerland.

6 Accordingly, the Plaintiffs took steps to identify what happened to the
monies they transferred to LGL. They discovered that some of those monies were
transferred to the DBS Account (ie, the Disputed Monies), and TP’s lawyers
therefore wrote to DBS to demand that those monies be transferred to her. DBS
froze the account and availed itself of interpleader proceedings by way of
HC/OS 1016/2019 (“OS 1016”). After some procedural complications, OS 1016 led
to this suit (ie, SIC/S 4/2020) in the Singapore International Commercial
Court.

The Plaintiffs’ claim and the Defendants’ counterclaim

7 The Plaintiffs’ claim against the Defendants was proprietary, and premised
on five central allegations:

a. First, that both the Plaintiffs and the Defendants had been deceived by one
Badilla into investing in a Ponzi scheme, the Defendants being earlier
investors.

b. Second, that the Plaintiffs retained an equitable proprietary interest in
the funds they paid to LGL because LGL was not a party to the Plaintiffs’ AMAs
with LL, LML and L Inc. Thus, LGL held the funds for the benefit of the
Plaintiffs either on a constructive, resulting or Quistclose trust.

c. Third, that the Plaintiffs’ payments to LGL were then transferred from LGL
to the Defendants in a series of back-to-back transactions.

d. Fourth, that the Defendants were put on notice of the Ponzi scheme before
those back-to-back transfers were made and, therefore, had notice that the
Disputed Monies they received from those transfers belonged to someone else.

e. Lastly, and as a consequence of the foregoing, it was averred that the
Plaintiffs’ equitable proprietary interest in the Disputed Monies persisted
into the Defendants’ DBS Account because they did not receive such monies for
valuable consideration, in good faith and without notice.

8 In connection with the interpleader proceedings, the Plaintiffs provided a
cross-undertaking that – should they fail in their suit to recover the
Disputed Monies – they would compensate the Defendants for the losses suffered
as a result of being denied access to those monies. The Defendants brought a
counterclaim on this basis and argued that the Plaintiffs should be made to
pay interest at a rate of 5.33% on the Disputed Monies from 15 March 2019, the
date on which the monies were frozen in the DBS Account.

The Plaintiffs’ claim

The dispositive issue

9 Given the Plaintiffs’ positive case, the dispositive issue was whether the
Plaintiffs and LGL were in a contractual relationship notwithstanding that the
Plaintiffs’ AMAs only expressly listed LL, LML and L Inc as counterparties.
This issue was dispositive of the suit because it was the sole basis on which
the Plaintiffs claimed to have retained equitable property in the monies
transferred to LGL. There was no suggestion that, if a contract existed
between the Plaintiffs and LGL, the Plaintiffs may nevertheless have retained
property in the monies. Thus, if the Plaintiffs and LGL were in a contractual
relationship, the Plaintiffs would not have retained property in the monies
transferred to LGL. Consequently, they would also not have property in the
monies transferred from LGL to the Defendants, and it followed that the
Plaintiffs’ proprietary claim against the Defendants would fail.

Basis of the Court’s decision

10 The Court examined how the Plaintiffs and the Defendants dealt with the
“Lexinta” group of companies, in particular, whether they understood and
consequently treated each of the Lexinta companies as distinct entities. Upon
its assessment of the evidence, the Court came to the view that the parties
did not – at the time of entering their respective AMAs and making the
relevant transfers of money – treat LGL as being unique and distinct from the
rest of the “Lexinta” group of companies. On this basis, the Court concluded
that LGL was impliedly a party to the Plaintiffs’ AMAs, and thus, their claim
against the Defendants failed: at [26] to [32], [54] to [66] and [88] to [99].

Other significant issues considered in the alternative

11 Although the Court’s decision in respect of the above issue was sufficient
to dispose of the Plaintiffs’ claim, it nevertheless went on to consider their
claim on the alternative footing that LGL was not a party to the Plaintiffs’
AMAs: at [100].

12 The significant issues which arose on this alternative footing, and the
Court’s decisions on them, were as follows:

a. The first issue was the law applicable to Plaintiffs’ claim that a trust
arose upon its transfer to LGL. Two options were pleaded – Swiss law and Hong
Kong law – and during closing submissions, counsel for the Plaintiffs proposed
a third option that the law of Singapore was applicable. After examining the
relevant connecting factors, the Court took the view that the applicable law
was that of Switzerland: at [74(f)], [75(g)], and [101] to [118].

b. The second issue considered was whether, if Swiss law applied, what the
outcome of the Plaintiffs’ claim ought to be. The Defendants’ Swiss law expert
witness gave evidence that: (i) Swiss law did not recognise the concept of
beneficial ownership; and (ii) in order for a Ponzi scheme investor to impugn
the validity of a payment to another investor, bad faith on the part of the
other investor must be established. The Plaintiffs made no attempt to prove
that the Defendants acted in bad faith when they received the Disputed Monies,
and so the Court was satisfied that – if Swiss law applied – the Plaintiffs
would have no cause of action: at [119] to [135].

c. The third issue the Court considered was a further alternative, that is,
what the outcome of the Plaintiffs’ claim would have been had the law of Hong
Kong (or Singapore) been applicable. The parties accepted that Hong Kong and
Singapore law were the same for the purposes of this case. The Plaintiffs
needed to show that the Defendants did not give valuable consideration for
their receipt of the Disputed Monies and that a reasonable person in the
position of the Defendants would have had notice of the alleged Ponzi scheme.
Relying on In the Matter of Stanford International Bank Ltd (in liquidation)
[2019] UKPC 45, the Court accepted that where an investor is paid as part of a
Ponzi scheme, he receives such payment for consideration as it is paid
pursuant to a contractual entitlement. On the question of notice, the Court
found on the evidence that the Defendants acted reasonably in the
circumstances, and they had therefore established the defence of “bona fide
purchaser for value without notice”: at [136] to [185].

d. The fourth issue the Court considered was whether TP was indeed the
beneficiary of the transfer made by JL. After assessing the evidence, the
Court concluded that there was enough to establish – on a balance of
probabilities – that the funds paid by JL to LGL’s Hong Kong bank account were
for the benefit of TP. Thus, TP had standing to sue, though her claim failed
for the reasons above: at [186] to [191].

The Defendants’ counterclaim

13 The Court adopted the approach suggested in AstraZeneca AB v KRKA dd Novo
Mesto [2015] EWCA Civ 484 for assessing a claim for damages made under a
cross-undertaking. In summary, this approach involved the application of the
following principles: (a) the approach is compensatory not punitive, but the
principle of “liberal assessment” should apply; (b) the fact that certainty or
precision is not possible does not mean that a principled approach cannot be
attempted; (c) if the assessment involves estimating what might have happened
in the future the court must make an estimate of the chances of that thing
happening and adjust the award by reference to those chances; and (d) the
court should not be over eager in scrutinising the evidence or too ready to
subject any proposed methodology to minute criticism: at [196].

14 Applying these considerations, the Court took the view that an award of
damages at the rate of 4% on the Disputed Monies from 15 March 2019 was
appropriate, but with credit being given for all sums actually accrued by way
of interest on the DBS Account in the meantime: at [197] to [201].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Jul 2022 (17:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

