Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 116

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9019 of 2021/01

Between

| Pua Om Tee  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9019 of 2021/02

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Pua Om Tee  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Grounds of Decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pua Om Tee

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor and another appeal

[2022] SGHC 116

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9019 of 2021  
Kannan Ramesh J  
23 August, 19 November 2021, 17 January 2022

19 May 2022

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 Ms Pua Om Tee (“the accused”) was charged with several counts of wilfully
evading Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) by making false entries in her GST F5
Return over several years, an offence under s 62(1)(b) of the Goods and
Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the GSTA”). The accused pleaded
guilty to three proceeded charges, and the judge (“the Judge”) sentenced the
accused to 14 weeks’ imprisonment. During the sentencing hearing, the
Prosecution had proposed a sentencing framework for the offence of wilfully
evading GST which the Judge rejected. Both the accused and the Prosecution
appealed against sentence. A young amicus curiae, Ms Cheryl Chong (“Ms
Chong”), was appointed to give her independent opinion on the appropriate
sentencing framework to be adopted.

2 I eventually adopted a framework broadly in line with Ms Chong’s proposed
framework and sentenced the accused to 24 weeks’ imprisonment, allowing the
Prosecution’s appeal and dismissing the accused’s appeal in the process. I
gave detailed oral grounds then. I now give the full grounds of my decision.

Case history

Factual background

3 At the time of committing the offences, the accused was the sole proprietor
of Wah Ye Advertising and Little Box Event and Exhibition Printing which were
in the business of manufacturing builders’ carpentry, joinery, and advertising
printing. The accused had instructed her bookkeeper to exclude certain sales
transactions undertaken by her businesses, thus omitting the GST output tax of
those transactions from her GST F5 Returns with the intent to evade GST. This
resulted in a total S$226,902.56 of GST being undercharged over several
quarterly periods between April 2013 and September 2016.

4 11 charges were preferred against the accused – I set these out below:

Charge No.| Quarterly period| Amount of GST evaded  
---|---|---  
1st charge| 1 April–30 June 2013| $20,879.95  
2nd charge| 1 October–31 December 2013| $25,028.08  
3rd charge| 1 January–31 March 2014| $12,080.20  
4th charge| 1 April–30 June 2014| $22,610.05  
5th charge| 1 July–30 September 2014| $29,928.95  
6th charge| 1 April–30 June 2015| $2,470.31  
7th charge| 1 July–30 September 2015| $28,751.90  
8th charge| 1 October–31 December 2015| $49,230.26  
9th charge| 1 January–31 March 2016| $4,395.83  
10th charge| 1 April–30 June 2016| $15,580.36  
11th charge| 1 July–30 September 2016| $15,946.67  
  
5 The three proceeded charges which the accused pleaded guilty to were the 5th
charge, 7th charge and the 8th charge. The collective amount of GST evaded as
regards the three charges was $107,911.11. The accused consented to the
remaining eight charges being taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing (“the TIC Charges”).

The Prosecution proposes a sentencing framework for GST evasion

6 Before the Judge, the Prosecution proposed a sentencing framework for
offences under s 62 of the GSTA (“the Original Framework”). This framework was
adapted from the five-step framework set out in Logachev Vladislav v Public
Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 609, with one key modification: the traditional
slight-moderate-severe harm categorization in the “harm axis” was eschewed,
and instead three “levels of harm” based on the amount of GST evaded was
proposed. The Original Framework used the following amounts of GST evaded to
delineate each level of harm, that is: (a) up to S$75,000; (b) between
S$75,000 and S$150,000; and (c) S$150,000 and beyond. I reproduce this below:

HarmCulpability| Level 1  
(below $75,000 tax evaded)| Level 2  
($75,000 – $150,000 tax evaded)| Level 3  
(above $150,000 tax evaded)  
---|---|---|---  
Low| Fine or up to 14 months’ imprisonment| 14 to 28 months’ imprisonment| 28
to 42 months’ imprisonment  
---|---|---|---  
Medium| 14 to 28 months’ imprisonment | 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment| 42 to 56 months’ imprisonment  
High| 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment| 42 to 56 months’ imprisonment| 56 to 84
months’ imprisonment  
  
7 I take this opportunity to clarify a point made in my oral grounds of
decision. I had stated that the Original Framework was based on the sentencing
framework in Tan Song Cheng v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2021] 5
SLR 789 (“the Tan Song Cheng Framework” and “Tan Song Cheng”) respectively)
for offences under s 96 of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
ITA”). This statement was premised on the Prosecution’s submissions on appeal
that the Original Framework was “transposed” from the Tan Song Cheng
Framework.

8 However, as I wrote these grounds, it became apparent that the Prosecution’s
submission was not entirely accurate. When the Original Framework was proposed
to the Judge, the decision in Tan Song Cheng had not been released: the Judge
heard the parties’ submissions on sentencing on 16 October 2020 whilst the
decision in Tan Song Cheng was only released on 9 June 2021. As there was no
Tan Song Cheng Framework at the time the Original Framework was placed before
the Judge, it would not be entirely accurate to state that the latter was
based on the former at that time.

The Judge’s decision

9 Moving on to the proceedings below, the Judge found the results from
applying the Original Framework overly harsh: Public Prosecutor v Pua Om Tee
[2021] SGMC 25 at [56]–[57]. On this basis, he declined to adopt the Original
Framework. Instead, he examined the accused’s culpability and the harm caused
by her actions in general terms.

(a) He found that the accused’s culpability was low due to the lack of
sophistication in her modus operandi: at [59].

(b) He compared the accused’s offences to several case precedents, which he
found to be similar in harm and culpability, where a sentence of two months’
imprisonment was imposed: at [59].

(c) He considered the fact that there were multiple TIC charges which amounted
to a significant amount of GST evaded, reasoning that this warranted an uplift
in sentence: at [60].

(d) In terms of mitigating factors, he considered the accused’s restitution
and plea of guilt as being indicative of her remorse: at [61]

10 Ultimately, the Judge sentenced the accused to eight weeks’ imprisonment
for the 8th charge; and six weeks’ imprisonment each for the 5th and 7th
charges. He ordered the 5th and 8th charges to run consecutively, with the 7th
charge to run concurrently, for a global sentence of 14 weeks’ imprisonment:
at [62].

Issues arising at the first hearing of the appeal

11 Both parties appealed the Judge’s decision. At the first hearing of the
appeal on 23 August 2021, the Prosecution maintained the position it took
before the Judge and sought the adoption of the Original Framework. On the
basis of the Original Framework, the Prosecution sought a higher sentence of
24 weeks’ imprisonment. This was similar to the submission on sentence before
the Judge. The Defence sought a lower sentence of 6 weeks’ imprisonment,
arguing that the Original Framework should not be adopted, and that even if
were adopted, it should not apply to the accused due to the doctrine of
prospective overruling.

12 As I noted above at [7], on appeal, the Prosecution explained the Original
Framework as being transposed from the Tan Song Cheng Framework. The latter
was also adapted from the Logachev five-step framework and similarly eschewed
the slight-moderate-severe harm categorization in favour of three “levels of
harm” based on the amount of income tax evaded. For reference, I reproduce the
Tan Song Cheng Framework below:

HarmCulpability| Level 1  
(below $75,000 tax evaded)| Level 2  
($75,000 – $150,000 tax evaded)| Level 3  
(above $150,000 tax evaded)  
---|---|---|---  
Low| Fine or up to 6 months’ imprisonment| 6 to 12 months’ imprisonment| 12 to
18 months’ imprisonment  
Moderate| 6 to 12 months’ imprisonment| 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment| 18 to
24 months’ imprisonment  
High| 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment| 18 to 24 months’ imprisonment| 24 to 36
months’ imprisonment  
  
13 It is significant that the only difference between the Original Framework
and the Tan Song Cheng Framework was that the Prosecution had proportionally
raised the sentencing ranges in the latter to arrive at the sentencing ranges
in the former, ie, the sentencing ranges in the Original Framework were
increased by a factor of two-and-one-third as compared to the Tan Song Cheng
Framework. For example, in the Tan Song Cheng Framework, the sentencing range
for “moderate” culpability and Level 2 harm was 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment,
whilst for the Original Framework it was 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment.

14 The Prosecution explained the increase on the basis of the difference in
the maximum sentences found in s 62 of the GSTA and s 96 of the ITA. Section
96(1) of the ITA provides for a maximum imprisonment term of 3 years. On the
other hand, s 62(1)(g) of the GSTA provides for a maximum imprisonment term of
7 years, ie, a maximum sentence two-and-one-third times that of s 96(1) of the
ITA.

15 At this hearing, it became apparent to me that there were difficulties with
the Original Framework, and that a satisfactory solution to the difficulties
could not be achieved. The key difficulty was the Prosecution’s approach of a
setting the sentencing ranges for the Original Framework by proportionally
uplifting the sentencing ranges in the Tan Song Cheng Framework by a factor of
two-and-one-third. As noted above at [13]–[14] the uplift was to account for
the fact that the maximum imprisonment under s 62 of the GSTA was seven years,
whilst that under s 96 of the ITA was only three years. The effect of this
proportional uplift was that, all things being equal, an offender who evaded
GST would be punished more severely under s 62 of the GSTA than an offender
who evaded the same amount of income tax would under s 96 of the ITA. This, as
I pointed out to the Prosecution, would only be justifiable if Parliament had
intended a stronger deterrent against evasion of GST than income tax under s
62 of the GSTA and s 96 of the ITA respectively (see [29] below).

16 That this was Parliament’s intention was not clear on any of the materials
put before me by either side. Neither the Prosecution nor the Defence could
explain why the sentencing range in s 62 of the GSTA was more than double that
in s 96 of the ITA. Thus, I was unable to accept the Original Framework based
on the information that was before me. Accordingly, I decided that the
appointment of a young amicus curiae would be of assistance to the court, and
adjourned the appeal accordingly.

The appointment of Ms Chong as amicus curiae

17 Ms Chong was appointed as a young amicus curiae to give her opinion on
several questions that were framed by the court. These questions were based on
the points discussed at the hearing on 23 August 2021, and were set out in her
appointment letter dated 3 September 2021. Broadly, these were:

(a) Was it appropriate for the court to develop a sentencing framework for
offences under s 62 of the GSTA?

(b) If it was, would it be appropriate to apply the Tan Song Cheng Framework?
In answering this question, Ms Chong was invited to give her recommendations
on the appropriate sentencing ranges, and whether the three “levels of harm”
in the Tan Song Cheng Framework should be maintained.

(c) If it was not appropriate to apply the Tan Song Cheng Framework, what
would be the appropriate sentencing framework for offences under s 62 of the
GSTA?

In answering these questions, Ms Chong was requested to consider not only s 96
of the ITA and s 62 of the GSTA, but also s 96A of the ITA, which incidentally
the court in Tan Song Cheng was not invited to consider in arriving at the Tan
Song Cheng Framework for s 96 of the ITA.

The Revised Framework proposed by Ms Chong and the Prosecution

18 On 4 October 2021, Ms Chong filed a detailed brief setting out her opinion
and recommendations. She took the position that it was appropriate for the
court to formulate a sentencing framework for s 62 of the GSTA as the full
sentencing range had not been utilised in previous cases, and there was a lack
of coherence and consistency in the past sentences imposed. However, she did
not agree with the Original Framework. In particular, she disagreed with the
Prosecution’s use of the Tan Song Cheng Framework as the basis for formulating
a sentencing framework for s 62 of the GSTA for two reasons:

(a) First, Ms Chong was of the view that proportionally uplifting the
sentencing range in the Tan Song Cheng Framework was incorrect as it did not
take into account the higher sentences in s 96A of the ITA.

(b) Second, she was of the view that the three “levels of harm” approach of
using the amount of tax evaded was (a) not consistent with the legislative
intent behind the sentencing approach to GST evasion under s 62 of the GSTA,
and (b) unsupported by the data submitted by the Prosecution.

19 Accordingly, Ms Chong proposed a framework based on the approach taken in
Logachev by Menon CJ. Her proposed framework deviated from the Original
Framework in that instead of the three “levels of harm” approach, it adopted
the traditional “slight-moderate-severe” categorization for the harm axis. I
reproduce her proposed framework below:

Harm Culpability | Slight| Moderate| Severe  
---|---|---|---  
Low| Fine or up to 14 months’ imprisonment| 14 to 28 months’ imprisonment| 28
to 42 months’ imprisonment  
Medium| 14 to 28 months’ imprisonment | 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment| 42 to 56 months’ imprisonment  
High| 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment| 42 to 56 months’ imprisonment| 56 to 84
months’ imprisonment  
  
20 In Ms Chong’s opinion, the above framework would take into account and give
appropriate weight to all the harm and culpability factors relevant to s 62 of
the GSTA. Notably, despite disagreeing with the approach of a proportional
uplift, in formulating her proposed framework, Ms Chong arrived at the same
sentencing ranges as the Original Framework, albeit for different reasons. She
explained that she derived the sentencing range in her framework by following
the practice of pegging the highest category for harm/culpability at about
two-thirds of the maximum prescribed punishment under s 62 of the GSTA: see
Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2019)
at [13.052]–[13.053].

21 On 5 November 2021, the Prosecution filed reply submissions in response to
Ms Chong’s recommendations. Notably, the Prosecution abandoned the Original
Framework and proposed a revised framework which eschewed the three “levels of
harm” approach, and was broadly in line with Ms Chong’s proposed framework,
adopting the same sentencing ranges (as set out above at [19]). Accordingly, I
will refer to both Ms Chong and the Prosecution’s revised framework as “the
Revised Framework”. But while Ms Chong and the Prosecution concurred on the
broad contours of the Revised Framework, they differed on several specific
matters pertaining to the application of the factors within the Revised
Framework. I deal with these below at [54]–[72].

22 Finally, on the appropriate sentence, despite resiling from the Original
Framework, the Prosecution maintained its position that 24 weeks’ imprisonment
was appropriate, applying the Revised Framework. The Defence did not file
reply submissions, but addressed the Revised Framework in oral submissions.

My decision

23 After considering the written and oral submissions of the parties’ and Ms
Chong’s brief, I was of the view that a sentencing framework for s 62 of the
GSTA ought to be formulated. It was clear from the precedents submitted by the
Prosecution that there has been a lack of consistency in sentencing offenders
for offences under s 62 of the GSTA. To let such inconsistency fester would be
unsatisfactory, and accordingly, I found it necessary to implement an approach
to address this (a view that Ms Chong and the Defence shared).

24 With this threshold question answered, there were several issues to be
resolved. The first was the broad framework that was to be adopted. The second
was the specific factors to be considered in applying the broad framework. The
third was the application of the framework in the present case.

25 In brief, my decision was as follows:

(a) First, that the broad framework to be adopted was the Revised Framework as
the Original Framework was not justified in law or fact.

(b) Second, with regard to several specific issues pertaining to the
application of the Revised Framework: (i) whilst the quantum of tax evaded is
an important sentencing factor it cannot be considered the primary factor in
every case; (ii) there was no difference between harm from tax evasion (in
terms of underdeclaration of tax) and from refunds paid out to the accused;
(iii) a breach of “professional responsibilities” was a relevant “offence-
specific” culpability factor; (iv) the total amount of GST evaded is a matter
for the “totality” analysis and (v) the imposition of a fine would be
appropriate where the amount of tax evaded was small enough such that the
effect of a fine would not be eclipsed by the mandatory penalty found in s
62(1)(f) of the GSTA.

(c) Third, the accused’s culpability was low and the harm caused was slight.
Applying the Revised Framework, I sentenced her to a global sentence of 24
weeks’ imprisonment. This consisted of a sentence of 9 weeks’ imprisonment
each for the 5th and 7th charges, and 15 weeks’ imprisonment for the 8th
charge, with the 5th and 8th charges running consecutively.

The Revised Framework should be preferred over the Original Framework

26 I agreed with Ms Chong that the Original Framework should not be adopted.
This was chiefly because of the method by which the Prosecution had derived
the sentencing ranges in the Original Framework, ie, by proportionally
uplifting the sentencing ranges in the Tan Song Cheng Framework, which I was
of the view was inappropriate. Furthermore, I observed that generally, the
“levels of harm” approach was not an appropriate basis for a sentencing
framework for an offence under s 62 of the GSTA.

A proportional uplift of the sentencing ranges in the Tan Song Cheng Framework
was not justified

27 The defining feature of the Original Framework was that its sentencing
ranges represented a proportional uplift of those found in the Tan Song Cheng
Framework. As noted above at [13] the only difference between the two was that
the Original Framework’s sentencing ranges had been proportionally increased
by a factor of two-and-one-third to account for the higher maximum sentence
provided for by s 62 of the GSTA.

28 However, this defining feature was also the significant flaw in the
Original Framework. As I pointed out to the Prosecution, the proportional
increase could only be justified if Parliament intended for GST evasion to be
treated more seriously than income tax evasion, under s 62 of the GSTA and s
96 of the ITA respectively. An example may explain this. Imagine a case where
an accused pleads guilty to evading $10,000 worth of GST; now imagine if that
same accused had pled guilty to evading $10,000 worth of income tax using the
exact same means. Applying the Original Framework (see [6] above) to the
former, and the Tan Song Cheng Framework (see [12] above) to the latter, the
offender who evaded GST would face a more severe imprisonment sentence
(assuming of course, all other factors being equal).

29 This would only be justifiable if Parliament intended to punish offenders
who evade GST more severely than those who evade income tax. The Prosecution’s
original position was that “it is evident from the prescribed sentences in the
relevant tax evasion provisions of the [GSTA] and the [ITA] … that Parliament
appears to consider GST evasion to be more egregious than income tax evasion”.
The Prosecution argued that it is “axiomatic that the higher maximum
prescribed penalty … must signal the gravity with which Parliament views such
crimes”. In support, the Prosecution had cited the case of Angliss Singapore
Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [84].

30 However, the passage cited stands only for the proposition that a maximum
sentence signals the gravity with which Parliament views an offence – it does
not deal with the situation that arose in the appeal where there were two
different legislative provisions with different maximum sentences pertaining
to offences for evasion of different types of tax. Accordingly, I did not
think that the Prosecution could rely on the difference in the maximum
sentences as evincing an intention by Parliament to treat GST evasion more
seriously – there had to be some statement by Parliament signalling such an
intention. As I noted above, during the first hearing of the appeal, the
Prosecution could not point me to such a statement. This remained the same
during the second hearing. There was good reason why this was the case, as
pointed out by Ms Chong.

31 It was apparent that the higher maximum sentence in s 62 of the GSTA had
nothing to do with Parliament intending to treat GST evasion more seriously
than income tax evasion. Instead, the higher range in s 62 of the GSTA, as
opposed to s 96 of the ITA, was explicable with reference to the sentencing
range in s 96A of the ITA, which, as pointed out by Ms Chong, the Prosecution
had not taken into account in formulating the Original Framework.

32 For context, I reproduce both ss 96 and 96A of the ITA:

Tax evasion and wilful action to obtain PIC bonus

96.—(1) Any person who wilfully with intent to evade or to assist any other
person to evade tax, or to obtain or to assist any other person to obtain a
PIC bonus or a higher amount of PIC bonus, or both —

(a) omits from a return made under this Act any income which should be
included;

(b) makes any false statement or entry in any return made under this Act or in
any notice made under section 76(8);

(c) gives any false answer, whether verbally or in writing, to any question or
request for information asked or made in accordance with the provisions of
this Act; or

(d) fails to comply with section 76(8),

shall be guilty of an offence for which, on conviction, he shall pay a penalty
of treble —

(i) the amount of tax;

(ii) the amount of PIC bonus; or

(iii) the amount of tax and the amount of PIC bonus,

as the case may be, that has been undercharged, obtained, or undercharged and
obtained as a result of the offence, or that would have been undercharged,
obtained, or undercharged and obtained if the offence had not been detected,
and shall also be liable to a fine not exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding 3 years or to both.

[emphasis added]

Serious fraudulent tax evasion and action to obtain PIC bonus

96A.—(1) Any person who wilfully with intent to evade or to assist any other
person to evade tax, or to obtain or to assist any other person to obtain a
PIC bonus or a higher amount of PIC bonus, or both —

(a) prepares or maintains or authorises the preparation or maintenance of any
false books of account or other records or falsifies or authorises the
falsification of any books of account or records; or

(b) makes use of any fraud, art or contrivance or authorises the use of any
such fraud, art or contrivance,

shall be guilty of an offence for which, on conviction, he shall pay a penalty
of 4 times —

(i) the amount of tax;

(ii) the amount of PIC bonus; or

(iii) the amount of tax and the amount of PIC bonus,

as the case may be, that has been undercharged, obtained, or undercharged and
obtained as a result of the offence, or that would have been undercharged,
obtained, or undercharged and obtained if the offence had not been detected,
and shall also be liable to a fine not exceeding $50,000 or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

[emphasis added]

33 As is apparent from the emphasised portions above, the fundamental
difference between ss 96 and 96A of the ITA is the means or modus operandi by
which income tax is evaded. The latter is targeted at serious fraudulent
conduct in evading income tax or obtaining a PIC bonus, defining such conduct
as either: (a) the falsification of books of account or records/the
preparation or maintenance of false books of account or records (as well as
the authorisation of such actions); and (b) the use of any fraud, art or
contrivance (as well as the authorisation of such actions). That this is the
operative difference between the two provisions was made clear during the
introduction of s 96A by the then second Minister for Finance, Mr Lim Hng
Kiang (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (11 November 2003)
vol 76 at col 3510 (Mr Lim Hng Kiang, second Minister for Finance)):

… the current penalty provisions for tax offences under section 96 of the
[ITA] are similar, regardless of the severity of tax offences committed. To
deter serious tax fraud, such as preparation of maintenance of false books of
accounts or other records, heavier penalties would be imposed on these more
serious tax offences. A new penalty provision (section 96A) is enacted to
cater for more serious tax fraud.

[emphasis added]

34 As a result, the maximum sentence for offences under s 96A is higher than
for offences under s 96 of the ITA. In short, the ITA differentiates between
tax evasion and serious fraudulent tax evasion by having separate provisions
for each type with different sentencing ranges, with the latter having a
higher maximum sentence to reflect the more egregious manner of evasion.

35 Such a division is not present in s 62 of the GSTA. This was significant in
my view. I reproduce the section below:

Penalty provisions relating to fraud, etc.

62.—(1) Any person who wilfully with intent to evade or to assist any other
person to evade tax —

(a) omits or understates any output tax or overstates any input tax in any
return made under this Act;

(b) makes any false statement or entry in any return, claim or application
made under this Act;

(c) gives any false answer, whether verbally or in writing, to any question or
request for information asked or made in accordance with the provisions of
this Act;

(d) prepares or maintains or authorises the preparation or maintenance of any
false books of account or other records or falsifies or authorises the
falsification of any books of account or records; or

(e) makes use of any fraud, art or contrivance whatsoever or authorises the
use of any such fraud, art or contrivance,

[emphasis added]

36 From the emphasised portion, it is clear that, unlike the ITA, the GSTA
does not segregate tax evasion and serious fraudulent tax evasion into
separate provisions with their own individual sentencing ranges. Instead, s
62(1) of the GSTA, encapsulates, in one section, provisions similar to those
found in both ss 96(1) and 96A(1) of the ITA. Section 62(1)(a) to (c) of the
GSTA mirrors s 96(1)(a) to (c) of the ITA while s 62(1)(d) and (e) of the GSTA
mirrors s 96A(1)(a) and (b) of the ITA. Thus, the equivalent of “serious
fraudulent tax evasion” in s 96A of the ITA is provided for in s 62(1) of the
GSTA. This to me explained why the sentencing range in s 62 of the GSTA is
significantly higher than that in s 96 of the ITA, ie, the presence of more
serious methods of tax evasion necessitated a higher sentencing range. It was
not due to Parliament regarding GST evasion per se to be more serious than
income tax evasion.

37 This being the case, it was incorrect to derive the sentencing range for
offences under s 62 of the GSTA by proportionally uplifting the sentencing
ranges in the Tan Song Cheng Framework (which was based on and meant solely
for s 96 of the ITA). Thus, I did not accept the Original Framework.

The “levels of harm” approach was inappropriate

38 Aside from the above, there were also several issues with the “levels of
harm” approach utilised in the Original Framework, as pointed out by Ms Chong.
In its reply and oral submissions, the Prosecution fairly accepted Ms Chong’s
criticism. I explain these criticisms and why I agreed with them.

(1) The “levels of harm” in the Original Framework were erroneous

39 To begin with, it was apparent that in determining the three “levels of
harm” in the Original Framework, the data and approach used by the Prosecution
were incorrect. This was pointed out by Ms Chong in support of her position
that the Original Framework was wrong “in fact”. I understood this to mean
that the data did not support the “levels of harm” proposed in the Original
Framework. In this regard, two of Ms Chong’s points stood out for me.

40 First, based on calculations she provided, Ms Chong pointed out that the
typical GST return filed per quarter was approximately S$25,000. Yet the
Prosecution’s “Level 1” monetary threshold was S$75,000 – three times the
average provided by Ms Chong. Accordingly, viewed from this perspective it was
not clear to me whether evading S$75,000 worth of GST could be said to be a
“low level type of harm”.

41 Second, and more significantly, in using past cases as an empirical basis
to set the thresholds for the three “levels of harm” in the Original
Framework, it appeared that the Prosecution conflated (a) the total amount of
GST evaded for all the proceeded charges with (b) the GST evaded for an
individual charge. In other words, instead of using the GST avoided per
proceeded charge as the reference data, the Prosecution used the GST avoided
for all proceeded charges as the relevant data point, in each case. This was
clear from an examination of the Prosecution’s first set of submissions, in
particular, Annex A of those submissions (“Annex A”).

42 Annex A consisted of a table of 53 unreported cases of offences under s 62
of the GSTA. As was pointed out by Ms Chong in her brief, for 37 of the 53
cases, or 69.8%, the total amount of GST evaded was below S$75,000 (the “total
amount” meaning the aggregate amount for all the proceeded charges). In six of
the 53 cases, or 11.3%, the total amount of GST evaded fell between S$75,000
and S$150,000. Finally, in ten of the 53 cases, or 18.9%, the total amount of
GST evaded was above $150,000.

43 These figures were used by the Prosecution to arrive at and justify the
thresholds for the three “levels of harm” in the Original Framework. I
reproduce the relevant portion of the Prosecution’s first set of submissions
below:

65 We submit that the thresholds for each level of harm (ie, less than $75,000
for Level 1 Harm; between $75,000 and $150,000 for Level 2 Harm; and above
$150,000 for Level 3 Harm) are not arbitrary, contrary to the Defence’s
contention, as well as the DJ’s views.

66 A survey of the 53 precedent cases at Annex A reveals that:

(a) 69.8% of the proceeded charges involved tax undercharged sums which are
less than $75,000;

(b) 11.32% of the proceeded charges involved tax undercharged sums which are
between $75,000 and $150,000; and

(c) 18.87% of the proceeded charges involved tax undercharged sums which are
above $150,000.

[emphasis added]

44 The percentages calculated by Ms Chong (see [42] above) correlated with
those cited by the Prosecution in their submissions (see [43] above). It was
clear from the Prosecution’s submissions that the percentages they had used
were based on GST evaded for all proceeded charges and not the GST evaded for
the individual proceeded charges in each case. In other words, it set the
“levels of harm” in the Original Framework based on the total amount of GST
evaded for all proceeded charges. This obviously was incorrect as the Original
Framework was meant to be applied to individual charges – this much is clear
from the fact that the fifth step of the Original Framework provided for the
application of the totality principle where an offender has been convicted of
multiple charges. Thus, the Prosecution had used erroneous figures to justify
the different thresholds for the “levels of harm” in the Original Framework.
This was contrasted to Tan Song Cheng where the Prosecution had based its
“levels of harm” on the amount of income tax evaded for the individual
charges.

45 The Prosecution in their further submissions fairly recognised and accepted
Ms Chong’s criticism. They also produced a revised Annex A this time with a
fresh analysis of 56 precedents. The revised Annex A focused on the GST evaded
for the individual charges. This analysis yielded different results, with
96.7% of the individual charges involving amounts less than $75,000, 0.89%
involving sums between $75,000 and $150,000 and 2.45% involving sums above
$150,000. It was clear from these new figures that the thresholds proposed in
the Original Framework were not tenable.

(2) There were conceptual difficulties with the “levels of harm” approach

46 A further reason for rejecting the Original Framework was that I found
there to be conceptual difficulties with the “levels of harm” approach in
general. This was a view shared by Ms Chong.

47 As a preliminary point, GST rates are subject to change, which would lead
to higher amounts of tax evaded and potentially skewed sentencing outcomes as
the “levels of harm” would be derived from cases where the tax evaded was
computed on previous tax rates. It is common knowledge that there are plans
for the GST rate to be raised in the near future – a fact recognised by the
Prosecution. As a consequence of these higher rates, the amount of GST evaded
would be larger. This would lead to different results in the future if
monetary thresholds such as those in the Original Framework were used. There
would also be a need to update the thresholds whenever the GST rate was
changed.

48 The more fundamental problem with the “levels of harm” approach is that
there is no upper limit to the amount of GST that could be evaded. Absent such
a limit, there is no reference point to determine what amount is “slight”,
“moderate” or “severe”. It is conceptually flawed to then divide the harm into
three different levels based on arbitrary monetary thresholds. This view was
also expressed by Menon CJ in Logachev in the context of cheating offences
under the Casino Control Act (Cap 33A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the Casino Control
Act”):

50 … s 172A(2) of the CCA does not set out an upper limit to the amount
cheated. Consequently, there is a danger that sentencing bands based solely on
the amount cheated might be, or might seem to be, arbitrary. This is because
the absence of an upper limit makes it difficult to create sentencing bands in
the first place.

[emphasis added]

49 Menon CJ’s observations cited above were clearly not premised on any
consideration unique or specific to cheating under the Casino Control Act.
Instead, they were premised on a logic of general application. As such, they
would apply with equal force to offences under s 62(1) of the GSTA. It should
be noted that in Logachev, the Prosecution had proposed a similar sentencing
framework premised on the amount of money cheated: see [26] of Logachev. Menon
CJ ultimately rejected it for various reasons, including the reason stated
above: Logachev at [43]. There were other reasons cited by Menon CJ that were
relevant to the present case; however these will be dealt with in the context
of the related issue of why the quantum of GST evaded should not be considered
the default primary determinant of harm (see [55]–[64] below).

The Revised Framework was more appropriate

50 Having not accepted the Original Framework, I considered the Revised
Framework proposed by Ms Chong and the Prosecution. I preferred the broad
contours of the Revised Framework which was as follows:

(a) The first step requires the court to identify the harm and culpability
factors. With regard to harm, the amount of GST evaded, and the state
resources spent on investigation are examples of relevant factors. With regard
to culpability, examples of relevant considerations include the degree of
planning and premeditation, the sophistication of the methods of evasion, and
the offender’s role in the offence.

(b) The second step requires the court to determine the indicative starting
range for sentencing based on a three-by-three harm-culpability matrix. The
harm is categorised into slight, moderate and severe, whilst the culpability
is categorised as low, medium and high.

Harm Culpability | Slight| Moderate| Severe  
---|---|---|---  
Low| Fine or up to 14 months’ imprisonment| 14 to 28 months’ imprisonment| 28
to 42 months’ imprisonment  
Medium| 14 to 28 months’ imprisonment | 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment| 42 to 56 months’ imprisonment  
High| 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment| 42 to 56 months’ imprisonment| 56 to 84
months’ imprisonment  
  
(c) The third step requires the court to determine the indicative starting
sentence within the range. This requires a more granular analysis of the facts
of the case to come to a specific sentence.

(d) The fourth step requires the court to consider offender-specific factors
to calibrate the indicative starting sentence up or down. Examples of
aggravating factors would include any TIC charges, relevant antecedents, or an
evident lack of remorse. On the other hand, mitigating factors would include a
plea of guilt and voluntary restitution.

(e) The fifth and final step requires the court to determine how the sentences
should run, with reference to the usual principles such as the one transaction
rule and the totality principle.

51 In my opinion, the Revised Framework did not have the same flaws of
arbitrariness and rigidity that the Original Framework suffered from. Whilst,
arguably, the Revised Framework would be more difficult to apply consistently,
it must be remembered that consistency in sentencing is not an inflexible or
overriding principle – the different degrees of culpability and the unique
circumstances of each case play an equally if not more important role: Rahman
Pachan Pillai Prasana v Public Prosecutor [2003] SGHC 52 at [23].

52 Furthermore, it must be remembered that sentencing is not a mathematical
exercise, a view expressed by Yong Pung How CJ in Soong Hee Sin v Public
Prosecutor [2001] 1 SLR(R) 475. In that case, the accused faced a charge of
criminal breach of trust, having taken a sum of $10,485.22. Counsel had led
Yong CJ through a line of sentencing precedents, seeking to draw “some sort of
mathematical formula from which the proper sentence in each case could be
calculated with scientific accuracy”: at [11]. In response to this exercise,
Yong CJ stated emphatically:

12 … I found counsel’s attempt to reduce the law of sentencing into a rigid
and inflexible mathematical formula in which all sentences are deemed capable
of being tabulated with absolute scientific precision to be highly unrealistic
… At the end of the day, every case which comes before the courts must be
looked at on its own facts, each particular accused in his own circumstances,
and counsel be kept constantly and keenly apprised of the fact that it is just
not possible to categorise cases based simply on mere numerals and decimal
points.

[emphasis added]

53 In my opinion, the Revised Framework was more in line with the fundamental
principles and nature of sentencing in criminal law. Accordingly, I accepted
it to be the appropriate sentencing framework.

Specific issues within the broad framework

54 However, while I accepted the broad contours of the Revised Framework,
several details in its application were contested between the Prosecution, the
Defence, and Ms Chong. I now turn to my decision on these specific issues.

The amount of tax evaded is not necessarily the primary harm factor

55 The most significant point of tension was whether the amount of tax evaded
was the “primary” factor in determining the harm caused by an offender. The
Prosecution’s position was that the quantum of GST evaded should be treated as
the “primary, but not the sole, determinant of harm” [emphasis in original].
Ms Chong on the other hand submitted that it was not appropriate “to place too
much emphasis on the quantum of GST evaded”.

56 I agreed with Ms Chong and held that the amount of tax evaded ought not to
be taken as the primary consideration (although I recognised that it was an
important factor that went towards the broader question of harm). This was for
many of the same reasons I had considered in rejecting the three “levels of
harm” approach in the Original Framework (see [46]–[49] above). In addition,
there was a further reason why the quantum of GST evaded ought not to be the
primary harm factor: to do so would run the risk of ignoring other sentencing
factors completely, ie, to make the quantum of GST evaded the primary factor
would inevitably lead to it becoming the sole determinant.

57 A similar view was expressed by Menon CJ in Logachev. He noted at [46] of
that judgment that the particular mischief targeted by s 172A(2) of the Casino
Control Act was criminal activity in general in casinos. Accordingly,
“singling out the amount cheated [had] the potential to divert attention away
from the other relevant sentencing considerations that go towards the harm
caused” and “also has the potential to divert attention away from the relevant
sentencing considerations that go towards the offender’s culpability”: at [44]
and [47]. Ultimately, Menon CJ declined to single out the amount cheated as
the primary harm factor: at [51].

58 These observations were particularly apposite in the present case. Whilst I
recognised that using an easily quantifiable factor such as the amount of GST
evaded was attractive in its simplicity, it risked creating tunnel vision that
might result in culpability factors and other harm factors being overshadowed.
This would be particularly problematic given the mischief that s 62 of the
GSTA seeks to address.

59 As noted by Ms Chong, the particular mischief that s 62 of the GSTA targets
is the wilful, fraudulent GST evasion through any of the prescribed means.
Whilst this is not apparent from a plain reading of the provision, it became
abundantly clear that this was the case from a contextual and purposive
interpretation: Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at [37].

60 With regard to the contextual approach, it was noteworthy that the
provisions surrounding s 62 of the GSTA are also geared towards deterring the
evasion of tax simpliciter: ss 58–61 of the GSTA also create offences for the
evasion of tax.

(a) First, s 58 is a gap filling provision that provides for a general penalty
where penalties are not provided for in offence creating provisions in the
GSTA.

General penalties

58\. Any person guilty of an offence under this Act for which no penalty is
provided shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $5,000 and in
default of payment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months.

(b) Second, s 59 creates an offence for making an incorrect return, and
importantly, provides for more onerous penalties where an incorrect return is
made “without reasonable excuse or through negligence”.

Penalty for incorrect return

59.—(1) Subject to the provisions of Part 8, any person who —

(a) makes an incorrect return by omitting or understating any output tax or
any tax that is accountable pursuant to regulations made under section 27A or
by overstating any input tax of which the person is required by this Act to
make a return; or

(b) gives any incorrect information in relation to any matter affecting the
person’s own liability to tax or the liability of any other person or of a
partnership,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction pay a penalty equal to
the amount of tax which has been undercharged in consequence of such incorrect
return or information, or which would have been so undercharged if the return
or information had been accepted as correct.

(2) Any person who without reasonable excuse or through negligence —

(a) makes an incorrect return by omitting or understating any output tax or
any tax that is accountable pursuant to regulations made under section 27A or
by overstating any input tax of which the person is required by this Act to
make a return; or

(b) gives any incorrect information in relation to any matter affecting the
person’s own liability to tax or the liability of any other person or of a
partnership,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction —

(c) pay a penalty equal to double the amount of tax which has been
undercharged in consequence of such incorrect return or information, or which
would have been so undercharged if the return or information had been accepted
as correct; and

(d) be liable to a fine not exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 3 years or to both.

[emphasis added]

(c) Third, s 60 provides for penalties where an offender fails to pay or make
returns within a prescribed period.

Penalty for failure to pay or make returns within prescribed period

60.—(1) If any tax (including any additional tax mentioned in section 47(1B))
is not paid within the periods prescribed in regulations made under section 41
or within the period specified in section 47(2C) (as may be extended under
section 47(2D)) —

(a) a penalty equal to 5% of the amount of tax payable is added thereto; and

(b) if the amount of tax outstanding is not paid within 60 days after the
imposition of the penalty as provided by paragraph (a), an additional penalty
of 2% of the tax outstanding is payable for each completed month that the tax
remains unpaid commencing from the date on which the tax became payable, but
the total additional penalty must not exceed 50% of the amount of tax
outstanding.

(d) Fourth, s 61 makes failure to register in accordance with the First
Schedule of the GSTA an offence.

Penalty for failure to register

61\. Any person who —

(a) fails to comply with paragraph 4, 5, 6 or 15(2) and (3) of the First
Schedule (duty to notify liability for registration or change in nature of
supplies, etc., by a person exempted from registration); or

(b) fails to apply for registration as required by the First Schedule,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction —

(c) pay a penalty equal to 10% of the tax due in respect of each year or part
thereof beginning on the date on which the person is required to make the
notification or to apply for registration, as the case may be;

(d) be liable to a fine not exceeding $10,000; and

(e) be liable to a further penalty of $50 for every day during which the
offence continues after conviction.

61 Leaving aside s 58, it was clear to me that these provisions are targeted
at inadvertent or negligent conduct. The culpability is clearly lower than s
62 which expressly requires “wilful intent”. Thus, the distinguishing feature
in s 62 is that the offender must have intended to evade tax by any of the
constituent methods found in s 62(1). This suggests that the key mischief that
was intended to be addressed by the enactment of s 62 is the wilful evasion of
GST. This point finds support from the title to the section: “Penalty
provisions relating to fraud, etc.” [emphasis added].

62 This interpretation is also supported by the Parliamentary debates when
amendments to the GSTA were introduced. During these debates, it was stated
that the penalty provisions had been “amended to make a distinction between
innocent errors and fraudulent conduct” [emphasis added]: Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (12 October 1993) vol 61 at col 584 (Dr
Richard Hu Tsu Tau, Minister for Finance).

63 Thus, accepting that the distinct mischief targeted by s 62 is wilful GST
evasion, the method or mode of evasion, and not just the amount of GST evaded,
must be a key consideration in the sentencing exercise. However, if the amount
of GST evaded was made the primary factor, it might eclipse or dilute the
other considerations that were relevant to not only the harm analysis, but
also the culpability analysis (see [56]–[58] above).

64 However, I noted that whilst the amount of GST evaded was not necessarily
the primary factor to consider in determining harm, there might be cases where
it did come to the forefront in the harm analysis. For example, where other
harm factors were absent, or where the accused’s method of evasion was simple,
the only factor that would stand out would be the amount of GST evaded. In
such a case, by reason of the absence or relative insignificance of the other
factors related to harm, the amount of GST evaded would become the de facto
primary factor. This was particularly relevant in the present case.

No difference between harm coming from tax evaded or refunds made

65 The next point in contention arose from Ms Chong’s submission that an
aggravating factor would be where the accused, through fraudulent means,
obtained payments, credits or refunds. She argued that this would result in a
“higher net loss”. I understood this submission to essentially mean that, if
one offender had simply evaded $X, and another had received $X in refunds from
the state, the latter’s conduct would be regarded as more serious. The
Prosecution’s position was that this should not by itself be an aggravating
factor.

66 I agreed with the Prosecution. Ms Chong’s argument was that refunds ought
to be treated more seriously than tax evaded, rationalizing that tax evaded
was “input”, whilst refunds paid out to the accused was “output”. There was
thus a conceptual difference between the two. However, in my opinion, they
both involved loss to the state, and it did not matter whether the loss was
occasioned by the evasion of tax, or by the payment of a refund. As the
Prosecution submitted, in either case, “there is a shortfall in the pool of
public funds caused by the tax evasion offence”. In oral submissions, Ms Chong
accepted this point. Thus, the fact that an offender had obtained a refund or
payment from the state was not an additional aggravating factor.

A breach of professional responsibilities is an offence specific factor

67 Next, Ms Chong submitted that an additional offender-specific factor to
consider ought to be whether an accused has wilfully evaded GST in breach of
“professional responsibilities”. The Prosecution agreed that this was a
relevant factor, but took the position that it was an offence-specific
culpability factor.

68 I agreed with Ms Chong and the Prosecution that a breach of a professional
responsibility was aggravating for the same reason as an abuse of one’s
position, or a breach of trust – the accused has been put in a situation where
he or she was expected to act with integrity, but did not. However, I agreed
with the Prosecution that it ought to be an offence-specific factor. There was
an additional point. It was not readily apparent to me why Ms Chong had drawn
a distinction between a breach of professional responsibilities and a breach
of trust (which was already an offence-specific factor she had listed in the
Revised Framework).

69 In oral submissions, Ms Chong explained that a breach of trust related to
situations such as where the accused was a director of a company, whilst an
example of a breach of professional responsibilities would be where the
accused has a professional accreditation such as being a chartered accountant.
In my opinion, this distinction can be adequately subsumed under the general
offence-specific factor of a breach of duty. As noted above, the key point
with regard to this factor is that the accused has been placed in a situation
where he is expected to act with higher standards of integrity, but had failed
to do so. This would be the case regardless of whether the duty was
professional or otherwise. There was no necessity for a specific carve-out for
“professional responsibilities”.

Two further points raised by Ms Chong

70 I also consider two further points raised by Ms Chong that I agreed with.
The Prosecution did not contest these points.

71 First, I agreed with Ms Chong’s submission that the total amount of GST
evaded should be analysed as part of the totality principle under the fifth
and final step. The question that this submission raised was: would
considering the total amount of GST evaded at the final stage of the framework
overlap with the consideration of the TIC charges in the fourth stage? The
main concern was that of double counting. In my opinion, this concern was
unwarranted. TIC charges are aggravating factors, whilst the total amount of
tax evaded would serve as a marker for the sentencing judge to “check” that
the final sentence is in line with the offender’s overall criminality. These
are two separate inquiries and I thus agreed with Ms Chong’s position.

72 Second, as to when the imposition of fines for offences under s 62 of the
GSTA was appropriate, Ms Chong aligned herself with the position taken by See
Kee Oon J in [73] of Tan Song Cheng. There, he held that a fine might be
imposed for offences where the deterrent effect of the fine would not be
eclipsed by the imposition of the mandatory penalty. As such, generally, where
the amount of tax evaded would result in a mandatory penalty that outstripped
the maximum fine, a custodial sentence would be more appropriate. I agreed
with the logic in this position and held that it applied equally to GST
evasion.

Application of the Revised Framework

73 With these details clarified, I applied the Revised Framework and sentenced
the accused to 24 weeks’ imprisonment.

The doctrine of prospective overruling did not apply

74 However, before applying the Revised Framework, I dealt with the Defence’s
submission that the doctrine of prospective overruling ought to be invoked,
and thus the Revised Framework ought not to be applied.

75 The Defence’s argument was premised on two alleged sentencing benchmarks:
Chng Gim Huat v Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 360 (“Chng Gim Huat”), and
Loon Wai Yang v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGHC 34 (“Loon Wai Yang”). The
Defence argued that the introduction of a new sentencing framework represented
a significant change that would prejudice the accused. Thus, the doctrine of
prospective overruling ought to be invoked.

76 In determining whether the doctrine of prospective overruling was to apply,
the court would consider several factors as set out in the case of Public
Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661 (“Hue An Li”) at [124]. These were:
(a) the extent to which the law or relevant principle concerned was
entrenched; (b) the extent of the change to the law; (c) the extent to which
the change to the law was foreseeable; and (d) the extent of the reliance on
the law or legal principle concerned. In my opinion, in the present case, the
factors clearly weighed against the application of the doctrine.

77 First, neither of the two cases were entrenched, as they were not
“sentencing benchmarks”. A “sentencing benchmark” is a case which identifies
an “archetypal case … and the sentence which should be imposed in respect of
such a case”. Such an archetype must be identified with some specificity, both
in terms of the facts of the case, and the sentencing considerations that
informed the sentence meted out: Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) at [31]. For reference, an example of such a
case is Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor [2009] 1 SLR(R) 115 which set out a
benchmark sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment for cases involving the
voluntary causing of hurt to a public transport worker.

78 With regard to the two cases cited by the accused, neither met the
characteristics of a “sentencing benchmark” for an offence under s 62 of the
GSTA. First, the case of Chng Gim Huat involved offences under the ITA, not
the GSTA. Second, the case of Loon Wai Yang, whilst concerning an offence
under s 62 of the GSTA, did not bear any of the characteristics noted above –
there was no identification of specific facts or sentencing considerations
that future courts could use as touchstones: Terence Ng at [32].

79 Next, the introduction of the Revised Framework did not represent a
significant change. A sentencing framework merely seeks to clarify and promote
consistency in the existing state of the law, ie, it does not bring about a
distinct change in the law. Related to this, I did not think that such a
change was unforeseeable. This was especially so given the recent move by our
courts towards developing and implementing more consistent sentencing
approaches. Ultimately, accused persons generally could not argue that they
had a “legitimate expectation” as to the sentencing framework that would be
applicable to them. Little weight ought to be given to the expectations of a
person who flouts the law and later finds out that the expected costs or
consequences are worse than anticipated. The only legitimate expectation that
accused persons could rely on here was that they would be sentenced within the
statutorily prescribed range: see Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor
[2018] 2 SLR 557 at [57].

80 Accordingly, the doctrine of prospective overruling did not apply.

Application of the Revised Framework to the present case

(1) The accused’s culpability was low, and the harm caused was slight

81 Moving on to the application of the Revised Framework, with regard to the
first step, I first set out the relevant offence-specific factors, having
canvassed some above at [50(a)], and dealt with others from [54]–[72]:

Offence-specific factors  
---  
Factors going to harm| Factors going towards culpability  
• The amount of GST evaded • State resources spent on investigating the tax evaded• Involvement of a syndicate • Involvement of a transnational element | • The degree of planning and premeditation• Sophistication of the systems and methods used to evade payment of GST or to avoid detection • Evidence of a sustained period of offending• The offender’s role• Abuse of position and breach of trust (including a breach of professional responsibilities)  
  
82 With regard to the “harm” factors, the accused was not part of a syndicate
and there was no transnational element present. Further, there was no
suggestion from the Prosecution that significant resources had been spent in
investigating her offences. Thus, the only harm factor relevant to each charge
was the amount of GST evaded. With regard to the “culpability” factors, the
accused’s methods of evasion were not sophisticated, and there were no other
relevant culpability factors.

83 Turning to the second step, I was of the opinion that the accused’s
culpability was low, and the harm caused by her action was slight. Applying
this to the sentencing table (reproduced below), this gave an indicative
sentencing range of a fine, up to 14 months’ imprisonment:

Harm Culpability | Slight| Moderate| Severe  
---|---|---|---  
Low| Fine or up to 14 months’ imprisonment| 14 to 28 months’ imprisonment| 28
to 42 months’ imprisonment  
Medium| 14 to 28 months’ imprisonment | 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment| 42 to 56 months’ imprisonment  
High| 28 to 42 months’ imprisonment| 42 to 56 months’ imprisonment| 56 to 84
months’ imprisonment  
  
(2) The indicative starting sentences

84 The third step presented the most difficulty. To begin, the amounts evaded
in all three of the charges (around S$30,000 to S$50,000) were not
insignificant, and were enough to push the individual sentences over the
custodial threshold (a position that the parties were in agreement on). The
difficulty was in determining the length of the appropriate custodial
sentence.

85 To aid in the exercise, I divided the indicative sentencing range of up to
14 months’ imprisonment into thirds. This resulted in the following “sub-
ranges”:

(a) Sub-range 1 – a fine, up to four and two-thirds months’ imprisonment;

(b) Sub-range 2 – four and two-thirds months’ imprisonment to nine and one-
third months’ imprisonment; and

(c) Sub-range 3 – nine and one-third months’ imprisonment to 14 months’
imprisonment.

86 The Prosecution proposed that for the 5th and 7th charges (where the amount
of GST evaded was just shy of $30,000) the indicative starting sentence ought
to be in the highest end of Sub-range 1, ie, around four and two-thirds
months’ imprisonment. Converted into weeks, this would be about 18 weeks’
imprisonment for each charge. For the 8th charge (which involved just under
S$50,000 of GST evaded) the Prosecution’s position was that this ought to
warrant a sentence in the very middle of the entire 14-month range, ie, seven
months’ imprisonment. Converted into weeks, this would be about 30 weeks’
imprisonment.

87 The Defence’s position on the other hand, was that the sentence ought to be
the same for all three proceeded charges, and that this would be about two and
one-third months’ imprisonment. This position was forwarded on the basis that
only one of the harm factors was present, and in terms of culpability, the
court ought not consider the long period of offending as this should only be
considered at the fourth stage when the TIC charges were taken into account.

88 In my opinion, the culpability of the accused was at the lower end of the
low category as her methods of evasion were not sophisticated. Further, I
agreed with the Defence’s submission and did not take into account the long
period of offending at this point as this would amount to double counting the
TIC Charges (which I considered later at the fourth stage of the sentencing
exercise).

89 However, I did not agree with the Defence’s submission that there should be
no difference between the 5th and 7th charges on the one hand, and the 8th
charge on the other. While the quantum of GST evaded is not the primary harm
factor, it is nonetheless important. The 5th and 7th charges involved amounts
of around S$30,000, whilst the 8th charge involved almost S$50,000. In my
opinion, the difference of around S$20,000 was not insignificant, and thus the
8th charge warranted a higher sentence.

90 Furthermore, whilst it was correct that only one harm factor was present,
this did not lead to a reduction in sentence as the Defence seemed to suggest.
One must consider the extent of the harm caused as a whole, and in this case,
the only marker which I could reference was the amount of GST evaded.

91 In my opinion the sentence for the 5th and 7th charges fell in the high end
of Sub-range 1, whilst the 8th charge fell somewhere close to the middle of
the entire range. Accordingly, I held that the indicative starting sentences
for each charge was as follows: for the 5th and 7th charges, 14 weeks’
imprisonment each; and for the 8th charge, 24 weeks’ imprisonment.

(3) The offender-specific factors

92 Moving on to the fourth step, I considered the offender-specific factors
for offences under s 62 of the GST Act. These are summarised below:

Offender-specific factors  
---  
Aggravating factors| Mitigating factors  
• Offences taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing • Relevant antecedents• Evidence lack of remorse | • Plea of guilt • Voluntary restitution • Co-operation with the authorities  
  
93 First, there were eight TIC charges which represented a further
S$118,991.45 of GST evaded. For two of the TIC Charges, the 6th and 9th, the
amount of GST evaded was low, and would likely not attract a custodial
sentence if they had been proceeded with. As such, I did not factor these into
any enhancement of the sentences for the proceeded charges. For the rest of
the TIC charges, given the more substantial amount of tax evaded, I was of the
opinion that the custodial threshold would have been crossed had they been
proceeded on. Accordingly, I attached the following uplifts for each of them:

(a) with regard to the 1st charge, which involved S$20,879.95 of GST evaded,
two weeks’ imprisonment;

(b) with regard to the 2nd charge which involved S$25,028.08 of GST evaded,
two weeks’ imprisonment;

(c) with regard to the 3rd charge which involved S$12,080.20 of GST evaded,
one week imprisonment;

(d) with regard to the 4th charge which involved S$22,610.05 of GST evaded,
two weeks’ imprisonment;

(e) with regard to the 10th charge, which involved S$15,580.36 of GST evaded,
one week imprisonment; and

(f) with regard to the 11th charge, which involved S$15,946.67 of GST evaded,
one week imprisonment.

94 However, I gave credit to the full restitution made by the accused and only
enhanced the proceeded charges on the basis of the 1st, 2nd and 4th charges,
thereby increasing the sentences for all three proceeded charges by two weeks
each. Thus, the individual sentences for the proceeded charges were 16 weeks’
imprisonment each for the 5th and 7th charges, and 26 weeks’ imprisonment for
the 8th charge.

95 Finally, I also considered the fact that the accused pleaded guilty at an
early stage and her overall remorse for her actions. Taking this into account,
I reduced the sentences by about 40%, giving the following individual
sentences: 9 weeks’ imprisonment each for the 5th and 7th charges, and 15
weeks’ imprisonment for the 8th charge.

(4) Totality

96 Finally, with regard to the fifth and final stage, since the accused faced
three proceeded charges, two of the sentences had to run consecutively as per
s 307 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed). I ran the 5th and
8th charges consecutively for a total of 24 weeks’ imprisonment. Considering
the accused’s overall criminality in the present case, I did not view this as
being crushing or out of proportion. Accordingly I did not further vary her
sentence.

Conclusion

97 I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and sentenced the accused to a total of
24 weeks’ imprisonment. I dismissed the accused’s appeal.

98 I would also like to take the opportunity to commend Ms Chong on her
detailed and cogent work – the assistance she rendered to this court and the
parties was immensely valuable. Her hard work and professionalism are a credit
to the legal profession.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Christopher Ong and Tan Zhi Hao (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent in the first appeal and the appellant in the second appeal;

Andrew John Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the appellant in the first appeal and the
respondent in the second appeal;

Cheryl Chong (Allen & Gledhill LLP) as amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 30 May 2022 (09:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

