Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 11

Originating Summons No 790 of 2021  
(Summons No 4141 of 2021)

Between

| Backho (S) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| KSE Marine Works Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Adjudication]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Limitation of
actions]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Scope of works] — [Variations]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

[Contract] — [Formation]

[Contract] — [Variation]

[Civil Procedure] — [Extension of time]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Backho (S) Pte Ltd

  
v

  

KSE Marine Works Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 11

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 790 of 2021
(Summons No 4141 of 2021)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
29 November 2021

17 January 2022 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 In Summons No 4141 of 2021, the applicant, KSE Marine Works Pte Ltd (“KSE”),
seeks to set aside the Adjudication Determination (the “AD”) dated 27 July
2021 in Adjudication Application No SOP/AA 165 of 2021 (“AA 165”) pursuant to
s 27(5) of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap
30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”). At the same time, KSE also seeks to set aside the
court order granting the respondent, Backho (S) Pte Ltd (“Backho”), leave to
enforce the AD in Originating Summons No 790 of 2021.

2 KSE had filed the present application to set aside the AD four days after
the stipulated 14-day period under O 95 r 2(4) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (the “ROC”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at para 124(a).

KSE argues that the 14-day statutory period to set aside the AD is not a
mandatory deadline but merely an advisory. Thus, KSE is not prohibited from
lodging the application to set aside the AD even though it had exceeded by 4
days from the prescribed period of 14 days. In the alternative, if the 14-day
period is a mandatory deadline, KSE seeks leave for an extension of time to
lodge the application to set aside the AD.

Background to the dispute

3 KSE and Backho are both companies incorporated in Singapore. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Lee Chung Hee dated 6 September 2021 (“LCH-1”) at para 6;
Affidavit of Nam Kyuhyun dated 16 September 2021 (“NK”) at para 9.

KSE is in the marine construction business. Backho’s primary business
activities are the rental of excavation equipment, operators, and related
activities. At the material time, Mr Lee Chung Hee (“Mr Lee”) was an Executive
Director of KSE 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LCH-1 at para 1.

while Mr Nam Kyuhyun (“Mr Nam”) was the Managing Director of Backho. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NK at para 1.

4 KSE was engaged by Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co Ltd (“Hyundai”) as
a subcontractor for the project known as “Reclamation and Marine Works at Tuas
Western Coast” (the “Project”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at para 5; Respondent’s Bundle of Documents (“RBOD”) at p 283 para 4.

The quotations

5 Following a period of negotiations, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at para 6; Respondent’s Written Submissions (“RWS”) at para 7.

on 30 August 2019, Backho sent to KSE a quotation titled “Re: Quotation for:
Rental of Heavy Equipment” (Ref: QT/19/08/161/R1) for the rental of a “Super
Long Arm Excavator”, an operator and an option of either (a) a grab attachment
or (b) a sieving bucket (the “30 August 2019 Quotation”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LCH-1 at p 33; RBOD at para 6.

KSE opted for the second option 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RWS at para 9.

and sometime in September 2019, Backho began the rental of the Super Long Arm
Excavator with a sieving bucket and an operator. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AWS at para 7.

6 Following another period of negotiations, Backho submitted another quotation
to KSE on 4 February 2020, titled “Re: Quotation for: Rental of Heavy
Equipment (Tuas West Coast)” (Ref: QT/20/02/025) (the “First 4 February 2020
Quotation”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LCH-1 at para 36; AWS at para 9; NK at para 15.

This quotation provided for the rental of excavator equipment (including one
Super Long Arm Excavator), dump trucks, LED lighting tower and automotive
diesel oil, together with operators, a driver, four banksmen and two site
supervisors. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RBOD at p 283 para 6; RBOD at p 12.

7 On the same day, upon the request from KSE, Backho also sent KSE another
quotation, titled “Re: Quotation for: Transportation of Dredging Sand Material
(Tuas West Coast)” (Ref: QT/20/02/026) (the “Second 4 February 2020
Quotation”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

LCH-1 at p 38.

The quotation stated that it was to “Provide Transportation including
Manpower, Equipment, Diesel for Dredging Sand (<300m)”.

8 Both the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation
provided for the supply and rental of equipment and manpower, calculated on a
time-based rate (ie, cost per unit of time). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

RBOD at p 283 para 7; LCH-1 at pp 33 and 36.

In contrast, the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation was premised on a volume-
based rate (ie, cost per cubic metre of sand). It stipulated a unit rate of
S$1.90/m3 of sand transported, at an estimated guaranteed quantity of
1,000,000m3. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

LCH-1 at p 38.

9 All three quotations bore Mr Nam’s signature and KSE’s company stamp.
However, they were not signed by KSE. Nevertheless, it was not disputed that
KSE had received these quotations. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RBOD at p 284 para 8.

The Alleged Oral Agreement

10 KSE claims that, upon receiving the First 4 February 2020 Quotation, Mr Lee
informed Mr Nam that this quotation was unacceptable. KSE allegedly took issue
with how the rental rate of the equipment was calculated: it wanted the rate
to be calculated by the volume of work done rather than by the time rented. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

LCH-1 at para 19.

KSE claims that this was the reason that the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation
was sent on the same day. As stated above (at [8]), the Second 4 February 2020
Quotation stipulated a unit rate of S$1.90/m3 of sand transported for an
estimated guaranteed quantity of 1,000,000m3. It was therefore premised on a
volume-based rate (ie, cost per cubic metre of sand). In contrast, both the 30
August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation provided for the
supply and rental of equipment and manpower, calculated on a time-based rate
(ie, cost per unit of time). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RBOD at p 283 para 7; LCH-1 at pp 33 and 36.

11 According to KSE, after receiving the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation, Mr
Lee submitted the rate of S$1.90/m3 for an estimated guaranteed quantity of
1,000,000m3 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NK at para 17.

to Hyundai, the main contractor of the Project. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

LCH-1 at paras 21 and 22.

Hyundai explained to Mr Lee that the rate was too high and negotiated for a
rate of S$1.70/m3. Hyundai and KSE agreed on this rate. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

LCH-1 at p 102.

Mr Lee then told Mr Nam that KSE could not accept Backho’s rate of S$1.90/m3
since KSE had contracted to transport sand at S$1.70/m3, ie, KSE would be
making a loss at S$1.90/m3. Mr Lee also allegedly told Mr Nam that Chuan Lim
Construction Pte Ltd (“Chuan Lim”) had offered a rate of S$1.45/m3 for the
same works. Mr Lee, therefore, proposed to Mr Nam for the transportation of
the sand at a rate of S$1.50/m3 (the “Agreed Volume Rate”) and Mr Nam orally
agreed (the “Alleged Oral Agreement”). Hence, the Alleged Oral Agreement was
concluded shortly after the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation was rejected.

12 Backho denies that the Alleged Oral Agreement was concluded for the
transportation of sand at a rate of S$1.50/m3. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NK at para 17.

Hence, Backho continued to perform its obligations under the previously
concluded contract as evidenced by the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First
4 February 2020 Quotation: it continued to supply KSE the stipulated equipment
and manpower at the rates set out in those two quotations for the period of
September 2019 to November 2019. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NK at para 18.

Alleged goodwill payments

13 KSE claims that although the Alleged Oral Agreement was concluded, it
nevertheless agreed out of goodwill to pay Backho on time-based rates for a
limited period of time. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LCH-1 at paras 27 and 28; AWS at para 14.

14 KSE claims that on or around 20 March 2020, Backho started the sand
transportation works in accordance with the Alleged Oral Agreement. However,
due to the Circuit Breaker and COVID-19 measures, Backho’s work did not
continue for long and it had to discontinue its sand transportation works from
6 April 2020 to 19 September 2020. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AWS at para 13.

15 When the works started on or around 20 March 2020, the dredging volume was
very low during that period. There was not enough volume of sand to be
transported to justify using Backho’s equipment on site. KSE then agreed, out
of goodwill, to pay using time-based rates for a very limited duration. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AWS at para 14.

16 When the works resumed in September 2020, after the lifting of the Circuit
Breaker, KSE informed Backho that the previous payments using time-based rates
would no longer apply since Backho had previously been paid only because of
the issues with the low dredging quantity at that time. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AWS at para 15.

17 However, as the works had just resumed after the COVID-19 restrictions
earlier, the dredged quantity was still low in late September. Based on
further discussions between the parties in September 2020, KSE agreed to pay
Backho using time-based rates for the rental of equipment from 20 September
2020 to the end of October 2020. KSE explained that this was because the works
commenced from 20 September 2020, and it would take some time for Backho to
mobilise its equipment before actually carrying out its works. If the works
were charged on a volume basis, Backho would have earned significantly less
revenue. Hence, KSE claims that it made payments to Backho on time-based rates
purely out of goodwill, in view of the slower dredging works caused by the
impact of the COVID-19 measures. In this way, Backho could still earn
reasonable revenue in the interim. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AWS at para 16.

18 KSE claims that it informed Backho that starting from 1 November 2020, KSE
would revert to paying Backho based on the previously Agreed Volume Rate of
S$1.50/m3 pursuant to the Alleged Oral Agreement. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AWS at para 17.

KSE maintains that the Alleged Oral Agreement exists as Backho issued Progress
Claim No 1 dated 5 January 2021 (“Progress Claim 1”) using a volume-based rate
for work done in November and December 2020. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AWS at para 18; LCH-1 at pp 44 to 46.

Subsequent events in 2021

19 KSE claims that Backho abandoned the contract on or around 14 February
2021. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AWS at para 19.

Backho denies this allegation and claims that it was KSE that wrongfully
repudiated their contract. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RWS at para 32.

20 Subsequently, on 27 February 2021, Backho issued a total of six invoices
using a time-based rate under the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4
February 2020 Quotation for work done in November 2020, December 2020, and
January 2021. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at para 19; LCH-1 at para 51, pp 150 to 155.

The AD

21 On 31 May 2021, Backho served on KSE a payment claim, “Payment Claim
Reference No. 2” for work done from 30 August 2019 to 31 May 2020 (“Payment
Claim 2”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NK at pp 78 to 80; RBOD at p 285 para 13.

The sum claimed therein was $1,102,042.21.

22 On 14 June 2021, KSE served its Payment Certificate in response to Payment
Claim 2. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NK at pp 84 to 102.

In it, KSE stated as follows: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NK at p 84.

We disagree with the rental rates applied to the work done, as parties did not
agree to the quotations (ref: QT/19/08/161/R1 & QT/20/02/025). Instead, the
verbal agreement was for a unit rate of S$1.50/m3 for the volume of sand
transported by Backho. Further, Backho provided insufficient and inadequate
manpower required during the entire operation, e.g. manager, supervisors,
operator, banksman & etc.

Thus, KSE has the right to deduct the costs incurred that KSE has implemented
to run the operation.

23 On 25 June 2021, Backho then lodged AA 165 based on KSE’s non-payment in
respect of Payment Claim 2. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AWS at para 23; RBOD at p 285 para 13.

In the adjudication proceedings, KSE argued, inter alia, that there was no
“contract that [was] made in writing” under s 4(3) of the SOPA, for two
reasons: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RBOD at p 295 para 54.

(a) First, KSE submitted that the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4
February 2020 Quotation were not signed by KSE because the terms of payment
were not agreed to by KSE.

(b) Second, KSE contended that the parties had instead entered into an oral
agreement “some time in February 2020” for work to be done by Backho at a
volume-based rate of S$1.50/m3 of sand transported. KSE submitted that this
oral agreement does not fall within any of the categories in s 4(3) of the
SOPA as a contract in writing. Thus, the SOPA is not applicable to oral
contracts and Backho cannot enforce payments based on an oral contract via the
SOPA.

24 The adjudicator, Mr Tay Peng Cheng (the “Adjudicator”), rendered the AD on
27 July 2021. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

RBOD at p 281.

In the AD, he determined, inter alia, that KSE was to pay Backho a sum of
$716,842.21 (inclusive of 7% GST) (the “Adjudicated Sum”). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RBOD at p 282 para 3(a).

In coming to this decision, the Adjudicator found, inter alia, that:

(a) Pursuant to s 4(3) of the SOPA, there was a single contract in writing
between the parties, evidenced by the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4
February 2020 Quotation. The First 4 February 2020 Quotation was an “amendment
or variation” of the 30 August 2019 Quotation. He noted that “both quotations
had referred to the Tuas West Coast project, and both were essentially for the
“Rental of Heavy Equipment”, which was also the subject matter of both
quotations”. Also, “[w]hile there were differences in the type of equipment
and manpower described under the 2 quotations, both quotations were, at their
core, for the supply of equipment and manpower for works to be carried out at
the same Tuas West Coast site.” 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RBOD at p 307 para 71.

(b) He was not convinced that “there was a meeting of minds as to the Alleged
Oral Agreement, or that was indeed an oral agreement reached between the
parties in February 2020 (or September 2020) under which [Backho] would be
paid at a rate of $1.50/m3 of sand transported.” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RBOD at p 301 para 64.

25 On 5 August 2021, Backho applied by way of Originating Summons No 790 of
2021 to seek leave to enforce the AD. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Originating Summons in HC/OS 790/2021.

The learned assistant registrar granted Backho’s application on 6 August 2021
(the “Order”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

HC/ORC 4416/2021.

Service of the Order was effected on 16 August 2021. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AWS at para 124(a); 2nd Affidavit of Lee Chung Hee (“LCH-2”) at para 38; RWS
at para 50.

26 On 3 September 2021, KSE commenced the present application to set aside the
AD and the Order. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Summons in HC/SUM 4141/2021.

The parties’ cases

The applicant’s case

27 KSE argues that the AD should be set aside on two separate grounds: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AWS at para 2.

(a) First, the Adjudicator had exceeded his jurisdiction in determining the
dispute because Payment Claim 2 and AA 165 were not based on a single contract
but were based on two separate contracts instead.

(b) Second, the contract which concluded in February 2020 was “based on an
oral contract” that is outside the purview of the SOPA (ie, the Alleged Oral
Agreement).

28 On the first ground, KSE claims that the Adjudicator erred in finding that
there was a single contract premised on and evidenced by the 30 August 2019
Quotation, which was then amended or varied by the First 4 February 2020
Quotation. KSE makes the following arguments in support:

(a) First, there was no variation clause in the 30 August 2019 Quotation. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AWS at para 57.

(b) Second, the parties’ conduct evinced an intention to enter into two
separate contracts, because: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AWS at para 63.

(i) The 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation arose
from separate discussions and they did not bear common references. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AWS at para 64.

(ii) Backho issued separate invoices for the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the
4 February 2020 Quotation. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AWS at para 69.

(c) Third, the works and equipment under the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the
First 4 February 2020 Quotation were very different and distinct. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AWS at para 79.

29 On the second ground, KSE claims that there was an oral contract similar to
the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation, except for the applicable volume rate,
which was concluded after the First 4 February 2020 Quotation and the Second 4
February 2020 Quotation were issued. KSE claims that this is supported by: (a)
the parties’ correspondence at the material time; 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AWS at para 92.

and (b) Backho’s conduct. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AWS at para 98.

KSE further argues that the Adjudicator failed to adequately consider the
timing and circumstances of KSE’s payments of the invoices allegedly issued
under the First 4 February 2020 Quotation. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AWS at para 107.

30 KSE submits that, if any of the two grounds is proven, Backho’s payment
claim does not come within the provisions of the SOPA and the SOPA does not
apply to this case. Thus, the Adjudicator had no jurisdiction to adjudicate
Backho’s payment claim. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AWS at para 30.

31 As noted above (at [26]), KSE had filed the present application on 3
September 2021. Pursuant to O 95 r 2(4) of the ROC, the stipulated 14-day
period, which ran from the date of service of the Order on 16 August 2021,
ended on 30 August 2021. KSE argues as follows:

(a) The stipulated 14-day period was not a mandatory deadline under O 95 r
2(4) of the ROC; hence, the application was not filed out of time. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AWS at paras 118 and 119.

(b) In the alternative, if the 14-day period was a mandatory deadline, KSE
should be granted an extension of time to file the present application. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AWS at para 120.

The respondent’s case

32 Backho claims KSE’s arguments as set out above on setting aside the AD and
the Order are unmeritorious.

33 In respect of KSE’s first ground, Backho submits that the Adjudicator had
correctly found that the works pertaining to the 30 August 2019 Quotation and
those pertaining to the First 4 February 2020 Quotation were not “vastly
different”. On the contrary, the latter was an extension of the former. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

RWS at paras 44(c)(2).

In this regard, the Adjudicator had correctly reasoned that: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

RWS at paras 44(c)(2)(iv).

(a) the nature of the works required under the two quotations was similar;

(b) the works pertaining to the two quotations were for the same project; and

(c) KSE admitted that the excavator supplied under the 30 August 2019
Quotation was also used for the works which was the subject matter of the
First 4 February 2020 Quotation. This showed the similarity of the works
required under the two quotations.

34 Moreover, Backho submits that the Adjudicator also correctly reasoned that
the following were not determinative that the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the
First 4 February 2020 Quotation were two separate contracts:

(a) the fact that the First 4 February 2020 Quotation did not incorporate
words like “variation” or “additional works”; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

RWS at para 44(c)(2)(iii).

and

(b) the difference in how the invoices pertaining to the 30 August 2019
Quotation and those pertaining to the First 4 February 2020 Quotation were
numbered. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

RWS at para 44(c)(2)(iv).

35 In respect of KSE’s second ground, Backho submits that the Adjudicator had
correctly found, after considering the extant evidence, that the Alleged Oral
Agreement did not exist. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

RWS at para 47(c).

36 Backho further claims that this application to set aside the AD is a
disguised appeal against the Adjudicator’s findings which is prohibited by
SOPA. Thus, the present application was an abuse of the court’s process and
the application should be dismissed. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

RWS at paras 39, 42, 45 and 48.

37 Backho also argues that KSE’s application was filed out of time and should
be dismissed on that ground. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

RWS at para 54.

Issues

Issues determined at the hearing

38 At the hearing on 29 November 2021, I heard the parties’ arguments on the
issues pertaining to whether KSE’s setting aside application was filed out of
time:

(a) First, did O 95 r 2(4) of the ROC provide that the setting aside
application must be filed within 14 days of the service of the Order? 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 2 lines 4 to 10.

(b) Second, if KSE’s setting aside application was filed out of time, should
KSE be granted an extension of time? 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 9 lines 16 to 18.

39 As regards the first issue, KSE submitted that the 14-day period stipulated
in O 95 r 2(4) was merely advisory and therefore not mandatory. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AWS at paras 115 to 119; Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 3 line 20 to p 9
line 15.

Central to this submission was that O 95 r 2 provides that the debtor “may”
apply to set aside an adjudication determination within 14 days of being
served with the order granting leave to enforce the adjudication
determination. KSE argued that the use of the word “may” as opposed to words
such as “must” or “shall” meant that the 14-day period was not mandatory. If
the debtor adheres to this timeline, he benefits from having an automatic stay
of enforcement of the order granting leave. With the greatest respect, this is
a misreading of the provision. The use of the word “may” connotes that the
debtor can elect to set aside the AD within 14 days of being served of the
order granting leave. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 8 lines 1 to 3.

It did not mean that the debtor can choose to adhere to this stipulated
period. Indeed, in Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd
[2015] 1 SLR 797 (“Citiwall”), the Court of Appeal referred to the 14-day
period under O 95 r 2(4) as a “time limit” (at [29(d)]), which the court
considered to be in keeping with the scheme of expeditious resolution under
the SOPA. I therefore held that, since KSE’s application was filed past the
stipulated 14-day period, it was filed out of time and leave of the court was
required to proceed with the application to set aside the AD.

40 As regards the second issue, KSE relied on the principles set out in
Frontbuild Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd v. JHJ Construction Pte Ltd
[2021] 4 SLR 862 (“Frontbuild Engineering”) at [28]:

… the relevant considerations in determining if an extension of time ought to
be granted are the length of delay, the reason(s) for the delay, the merits of
the intended application, and whether there was undue prejudice to the
defendant if the extension of time was granted.

41 KSE submitted on the above considerations in turn:

(a) With respect to the length of delay, the court in Frontbuild Engineering
granted an extension of time for a two-month delay. A fortiori, an extension
of time should be granted for the present four-day delay.

(b) With respect to the reason for the delay, the present delay was due to
KSE’s disruption in cashflow caused by the COVID-19 situation. Hence, KSE had
difficulties in paying the Adjudicated Sum into court for its setting aside
application.

(c) With respect to the merits of the setting aside application, KSE submitted
that it has proffered several valid reasons in respect of its application,
which form the subject matter of the present case.

(d) With respect to whether prejudice was caused to Backho, KSE submitted that
Backho suffered no prejudice by the short delay of four days.

42 Backho submitted in response that: (a) KSE’s explanation for its delay was
inadequate; (b) it suffered prejudice in the form of further delays to the
restoration of its cash flow; and (c) an extension of time would contravene
the legislative intent of the SOPA. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

RWS at para 53.

Backho further submitted that Frontbuild Engineering should be distinguished
because: (a) the court did not deal with the principle of temporary finality
there; (b) the facts of that case involved a defective order that granted
leave to enforce the adjudication determination while the Order in the present
case was validly served. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 11 line 26 to p 12 line 17.

43 At the hearing, I pointed out that the court in Frontbuild Engineering need
not have articulated the principle of temporary finality where such a
consideration was a given in the context of the SOPA. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 12 lines 19 to 20.

Indeed, I should add here that if the court in Frontbuild Engineering was not
advertent to the consideration of temporary finality, why did it consider the
length and reasons for the delay in filing the setting aside application? I
also pointed out that, on Backho’s reasoning, the court would never be allowed
to grant even an extension of a day. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 15 lines 12 to 13.

This cannot be the case. I also add here that Backho’s attempt at
distinguishing Frontbuild Engineering is, with the greatest respect,
unmeritorious. The court there ultimately found that the defect in the order
was an “irregularity” falling within O 2 r 2(1) of the ROC and exercised its
curative discretion to rectify that defect (at [27]). Hence, it is not
necessary to examine if a defective order in that case is a distinguishing
factor since the respondent’s alleged distinguishing factor did not even
exist.

44 In my view, in examining an application for an extension of time, the
foremost considerations must be whether the applicant had a good reason for
the delay and whether prejudice has been caused to the respondent. In the
present case, I accepted that the delay of four days in filing the present
application was due partly to the COVID-19 situation, which in turn created
problems for KSE in raising the Adjudicated Sum to be paid into court which is
a mandatory requirement. Moreover, having regard to the parties’ submissions,
I found that there was no substantial prejudice to Backho as the delay was
only for four days. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 20 lines 3 to 6.

Hence, I granted KSE an extension of time.

45 I shall now turn to the issues to be determined in this judgment.

Remaining issues to be determined

46 The following issues are to be determined:

(a) Is KSE’s application to set aside the AD a disguised appeal against the
Adjudicator’s findings and therefore an abuse of the court’s process?

(b) Were there one or two contracts that the Adjudicator should have
considered in AA 165?

(c) Did the Alleged Oral Agreement exist?

My decision

The applicable law

47 Before examining the substance of the matter proper, I pause to note the
Adjudicator’s holding on the applicable law in the AD: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

RBOD at p 285 paras 13 and 14.

13 It appears from the Adjudication Application that on 31 May 2021, [Backho]
served on [KSE] its payment claim, specifically “Payment Claim Reference No.
2” (the "Payment Claim"), by hand and email. In the Payment Claim, [Backho]
claimed the sum of S$1,102,042.21 (including GST) for work done in the
reference period of 30 August 2019 to 31 May 2021. Such service of the Payment
Claim appears to be in order, and no issue was also taken by [KSE] in relation
to the service of the Payment Claim per se. The Payment Claim was the subject
of the Adjudication Application.

14 As the Payment Claim was served after the commencement of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment (Amendment) Act 2018 (the “SOP
Amendment Act”), pursuant to Section 25 of the SOP Amendment Act, all other
sections of the [SOPA] (except for Section 10) presently in force shall apply
to this adjudication.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

48 Section 25(2) of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment
(Amendment) Act 2018 (Act 47 of 2018) (the “SOPA Amendment Act”) states as
follows:

Saving and transitional provisions

25.—

…

(2) Section 10 of the [SOPA] as in force immediately before the date of
commencement of section 5 continues to apply to the service of a payment claim
in relation to a contract that was entered into before that date.

[emphasis added]

49 The rest of the subsections under s 25 of the SOPA Amendment Act concern
the situation where the payment claim was served before the current version of
the SOPA came into force. Here, as stated above (at [47]), Payment Claim 2 was
served after that date. Hence, I agree with the Adjudicator’s holding that
save for s 10, all other sections of the SOPA presently in force shall apply
in the determination of the present case.

Is KSE’s present application a disguised appeal and an abuse of the court’s
process?

50 Backho submits that KSE’s present application “is a deliberate abuse of the
court's process and a deliberate disguised appeal on the merits of the
[l]earned Adjudicator's findings”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

RWS at para 42.

51 Sections 27(5) and 27(6) of the SOPA state as follows:

Enforcement of adjudication determination as judgment debt, etc.

27.— …

…

(5) Where any party to an adjudication commences proceedings to set aside the
adjudication determination or the judgment obtained pursuant to this section,
he shall pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated
amount that he is required to pay, in such manner as the court directs or as
provided in the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R 5), pending the final
determination of those proceedings.

(6) The grounds on which a party to an adjudication may commence proceedings
under subsection (5) include, but are not limited to, the following:

(a) the payment claim was not served in accordance with section 10;

(b) the claimant served more than one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment, otherwise than permitted under section 10;

(c) the payment claim was in respect of a matter that has already been
adjudicated on its merits in proceedings under this Act;

(d) the adjudication application or the adjudication review application was
not made in accordance with the provisions of this Act;

(e) the adjudicator failed to comply with the provisions of this Act in making
the adjudication determination;

(f) the adjudication determination requires the claimant to pay an adjudicated
amount to the respondent;

(g) a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection with the
making of the adjudication determination;

(h) the making of the adjudication determination was induced or affected by
fraud or corruption.

52 Backho submits that the nature of a setting aside application under s 27(5)
is “not an appeal on the merits of the adjudicator’s findings”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

RWS at para 38(5).

Backho relies on, inter alia, the Court of Appeal’s statement in Citiwall at
[48]: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

RWS at para 38(5)(b).

… in hearing an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment, the
court does not review the merits of the adjudicator’s decision, and any
setting aside must be premised on issues relating to the jurisdiction of the
adjudicator, a breach of natural justice or non-compliance with the SOPA.
Applications to set aside ADs and/or s 27 judgments are thus akin to judicial
review proceedings, and are not appeals on the merits of the adjudicator’s
decision. In our judgment, it is consistent with the purpose of the SOPA,
which is to facilitate cash flow in the building and construction industry,
that the court, in hearing such applications, does not review the merits of
the AD in question.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Yet, as can be seen from the above, that authority clearly states that the
court is entitled to examine issues relating to the adjudicator’s
jurisdiction. Indeed, arguments relating to an adjudicator’s jurisdiction do
not touch on the merits of the adjudicator’s decision on the substantive
dispute.

53 In the present case, KSE’s arguments regarding the Adjudicator’s findings
relate to the latter’s jurisdiction in determining the substantive dispute in
AA 165. As stated above (at [27]), KSE contends, in essence, that the
Adjudicator had exceeded his jurisdiction.

54 However, Backho appears to suggest in the extreme that the court should not
consider the findings of the Adjudicator at all since they purportedly touch
on the merits of his decision. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

RWS at paras 40, 44(a), 47(a).

This is a misunderstanding of the applicable law set out above. To the extent
that the Adjudicator had made findings pertaining to his jurisdiction, the
court is entitled to review such findings. This is an exercise of the court’s
supervisory jurisdiction, which refers to “the inherent power of the superior
courts to review the proceedings and decisions of inferior courts and
tribunals or other public bodies discharging public functions”: see Citiwall
at [41]–[45]. Indeed, this proposition is succinctly explained in Chow Kok
Fong, Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed,
2013) at para 19.9 (cited with approval in Citiwall at [45]):

… [U]nlike arbitrators, the courts ultimately exercise a supervisory function
over any dispute settlement tribunal and this extends to both arbitration and
adjudication proceedings. This function is invoked when an application is made
to the court to enforce an arbitral award or an adjudication determination. In
this latter role, the primary function of the court is to ensure that the
arbitrator or adjudicator acts within his jurisdiction in that he has to
conduct himself properly in accordance with the terms as framed by the
applicable legislation and with the principles of natural justice. The
challenge which is frequently mounted against an adjudication determination is
thus an application to the courts to exercise this supervisory function.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

55 Hence, KSE’s present application is neither a disguised appeal nor an abuse
of the court’s process. I shall now turn to examine the grounds of KSE’s
application.

Was AA 165 premised on one or two contracts?

The applicable law

56 As stated in Rong Shun Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd v CP Ong
Construction Pte Ltd [2017] 4 SLR 359 (“Rong Shun”) at [38], the SOPA
“mandates that one adjudication application be founded on one payment claim
which arises from one contract” [emphasis in original]. Indeed, this position
was stated by the Court of Appeal in Civil Tech Pte Ltd v Hua Rong Engineering
Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 584 as well (at [65]–[68]):

65 Section 2 of the [SOPA] defines a “progress payment” as “a payment to which
a person is entitled … under a contract” [emphasis added]. Similarly, s 5
confers a statutory right to a progress payment to one “who has carried out
any construction work, or supplied any goods or services, under a contract”
[emphasis added].

66 Section 10 of the [SOPA] states:

Payment claims

10.—(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment on —

(a) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may be
liable to make the payment; or

(b) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the
terms of the contract for this purpose.

67 Regulation 5 of the [Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment
Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed)] states:

Payment claims

5.—…

(2) Every payment claim shall —

…

(b) identify the contract to which the progress payment that is the subject of
the payment claim relates[.]

68 These provisions concern progress payments and payment claims. They are
significant because they indicate that for the purposes of a progress payment
and a payment claim, only one contract is material: the Payment Claim
Contract. Pertinently, a progress payment is the subject of a payment claim
(see s 10(1) of the Act), which is in turn the subject of an adjudication
under the Act (see s 12(1) of the Act). In this light, in our judgment, given
that a progress payment and a payment claim centre on one contract, the
Payment Claim Contract, the aforementioned provisions indicate that a SOPA
adjudication also centres on that one contract. They thus suggest that the
inquiry in a SOPA adjudication relates to the claimant’s entitlement under the
Payment Claim Contract, and not to its entitlement taking into account
separate Cross-Contract Claims.

[emphasis in original]

57 The legal position set out above is well-established and uncontentious. I
shall now turn to my findings on this issue.

My findings

58 In the AD, the Adjudicator held as follows: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

RBOD at p 307 paras 71 and 72.

71 On balance, I find that the evidence before me supports a conclusion that
pursuant to Section 4(3) of the [SOPA], there was a contract in writing before
the parties, that was evidenced by the 30 August Quotation and the First 4
February Quotation, and further supported by the parties’ conduct affirming
the same. I also find that the First 4 February Quotation was, as submitted by
[Backho], an amendment or variation of the 30 August Quotation. In this
regard, I note that both quotations had referred to the Tuas West Coast
project, and both were essentially for the “Rental of Heavy Equipment”, which
was also the subject matter of both quotations. While there were differences
in the type of equipment and manpower described under the 2 quotations, both
quotations were, at their core, for the supply of equipment and manpower for
works to be carried out at the same Tuas West Coast site.

72 In the circumstances, I find that the Payment Claim in the Adjudication
Application did arise from a ‘contract that is made in writing’ satisfying
Section 4 of the [SOPA]. In particular, I determine that the present case
clearly falls within Section 4(3)(a) and (d) of the [SOPA], as the contract
was contained within the 30 August Quotation and the First 4 February
Quotation (notwithstanding that the quotations were not signed by [KSE]) and
[KSE] had paid invoices that were issued with reference to these 2 quotations.
In my view, and I find, the parties have entered into a construction contract
that was made in writing which is premised upon and evidenced by the 30 August
Quotation and amended or varied by the First 4 February Quotation (the
“Agreement”).

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

59 KSE submits that the Adjudicator had erred in coming to his findings, for
the reasons set out above at [28]. I reproduce them here for ease of
reference:

(a) First, there was no variation clause in the 30 August 2019 Quotation. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AWS at para 57.

(b) Second, the parties’ conduct evinced an intention to enter into two
separate contracts, because: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

AWS at para 63.

(i) The 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation arose
from separate discussions and they did not bear common references. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AWS at para 64.

(ii) Backho issued separate invoices for the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the
4 February 2020 Quotation. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AWS at para 69.

(c) Third, the works and equipment under the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the
First 4 February 2020 Quotation were very different and distinct. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AWS at para 79.

60 Whether the AD was premised on a payment claim that arose from one or two
contracts turns on the central issue of ascertaining the parties’ objective
intentions. In Rong Shun, the High Court was faced with the same issue:
whether the adjudicator had acted in excess of his jurisdiction because he
had, inter alia, adjudicated on a payment claim which did not arise from a
single contract. In determining that the payment claim arose from a single
contract comprising two scopes of work, the court examined the parties’
objective intention when the applicant accepted the respondent’s counteroffer
during their negotiations: Rong Shun at [76], [81] and [91].

61 Hence, I shall first address KSE’s submissions before moving on to the crux
of my analysis: did the parties intend for one or two contracts to be
concluded from the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020
Quotation?

(1) The lack of a variation clause in the 30 August 2019 Quotation

62 KSE submits that because the 30 August 2019 Quotation does not contain a
variation clause, having regard to “well-established legal principles on
variations”, the First 4 February 2020 Quotation “cannot be said to be a
variation of the 30 August 2019 Quotation”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AWS at paras 57 to 60.

Hence, KSE submits that “the Adjudicator’s determination is inconsistent with
contractual legal principles including those governing amendments or
variations to a construction contract”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AWS at paras 43 and 46.

63 In my view, KSE’s submission is premised on a misunderstanding of the
present legal context.

64 KSE relies on Chow Kok Fong, Law and Practice of Construction Contracts vol
1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2018) (“Law and Practice of Construction
Contracts”) at paras 5.001 and 5.017 in support of its submission: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AWS at paras 51 and 53; KSE’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 14.

5.001 The term “variation” in construction contracts is used to describe a
change to the scope of works in a construction contract. A variation may
consist of the introduction of additional terms (“extras”) or the omission of
items of work (“omissions”) or a change in the character, quality or nature of
work”. …

…

5.017 The general position is that, unless the contract provides to the
contrary, an architect, engineer or any person purporting to represent either
party has no authority to vary the terms of the contract or to order extras or
otherwise vary the quantity or nature of the works. Accordingly, the power to
order variations derives its force primarily from the terms of the
construction contract. Consequently, a variation order issued in terms which
contradict the terms of the power or which fall outside the scope of the power
is an invalid variation order.

[emphasis in original]

65 Relying further on Law and Practice of Construction Contracts, KSE submits
as follows: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AWS at para 54.

Given this well entrenched position, it has been observed that construction
contracts would typically provide express provisions to enable variations of
the work scope to be ordered. Otherwise, absent the power to vary the
contract, the changes/ additional works will have to be carried out under a
fresh agreement or pursuant to an express agreement to vary: [Law and Practice
of Construction Contracts] at [5.004], [5.007].

66 The present dispute does not concern whether there was a variation order
issued by any party. If there was a clause that enabled variations of the
scope of works to be ordered, the issue then is whether the parties were
vested with the power under the terms of a construction contract to be able to
order a subsequent variation of the works unilaterally. In contrast, the
material issue here is whether the parties had agreed to amend or vary the
construction contract. This concerns the parties’ objective intentions.
Indeed, these two distinct situations are implicitly acknowledged in KSE’s own
submission as set out above (at [65]).

67 Hence, it cannot be said that the Adjudicator had disregarded the
applicable law regarding contractual variations in the context of construction
contracts. Instead, it was KSE who misunderstood the applicable legal context.
I therefore reject KSE’s submission that the lack of a variation clause means,
ipso facto, that the First 4 February 2020 Quotation cannot be a variation of
the 30 August 2019 Quotation.

(2) Were the works pertaining to the 30 August 2019 Quotation and those
pertaining to the First 4 February 2020 Quotation different?

68 As elucidated above (at [58]), the Adjudicator found that in respect of the
30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation, “both
quotations were, at their core, for the supply of equipment and manpower for
works to be carried out at the same Tuas West Coast site”. KSE takes issue
with this finding.

69 KSE submits that the works pertaining to the 30 August 2019 Quotation and
those pertaining to the First 4 February 2020 Quotation are “very different
and distinct”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AWS at para 79.

In essence, KSE contends that the former pertained to sea-based works while
the latter pertained to land-based works. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AWS at paras 80 and 81.

(a) The 30 August 2019 Quotation provided for the rental of one Super Long Arm
Excavator with an operator and a sieving bucket (see [5] above). It was to be
used on board a vessel at sea. This excavator was used to remove debris from
the seabed, such as tree trunks, tyres and other rubbish, and to load the
debris onto a barge.

(b) In contrast, the First 4 February 2020 Quotation provided for the rental
of excavator equipment (including one Super Long Arm Excavator), dump trucks,
LED lighting tower and automotive diesel oil, together with operators, a
driver, four banksmen and two site supervisors (see [6] above). These
equipment were used to transport dredged sand on land to a different part of
the Project.

70 KSE argues that since the works pertaining to the First 4 February 2020
Quotation were done on land, there was no need for a grab attachment or a
sieving bucket to be supplied, which were options under the 30 August 2019
Quotation (see [5] above) for use on board a vessel at sea. Moreover, KSE
contends that the works for the First 4 February 2020 Quotation were more
complex and required a team of workers as stated above. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AWS at paras 80 and 81.

71 Backho rejects KSE’s submissions that the works pertaining to the 30 August
2019 Quotation were sea-based works. It submits instead that the Super Long
Arm Excavator was not loaded onto any barge or vessel and was not used to pick
up debris from the seabed. Rather, it was used “to excavate the marine soil on
land as part of the [Project]”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

RWS at para 12.

72 At the hearing, the parties did not dispute that the Super Long Arm
Excavators supplied under the two quotations were different ones. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 34 line 11 top 36 line 17.

In other words, KSE was supplied with two separate Super Long Arm Excavators.
However, I note that the rates pertaining to these two excavators were
different. I set out the pertinent extracts of the two quotations below: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

RBOD at pp 1 and 12.

30 August 2019 Quotation

Item| Description| Unit| Rate| Amount  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Option 1: Rental of Super Long Arm Excavator with Grab Attachment, Operator
and exclude Diesel  
Monthly Rate, min. 1 month per 8hrs per day| Month| $9,500| Rate Only  
Overtime Rate (Mon-Sat)| Hour| $65| Rate Only  
Overtime Rate (Sun & PH)| Hour| $65| Rate Only  
Mobilization & Demobilization| Trip| $450| Rate Only  
2| Option 2:Rental of Super Long Arm Excavator with Sieving Bucket, Operator
and exclude Diesel  
Monthly Rate, min. 1 month per 8hrs per day| Month| $9,500| Rate Only  
Overtime Rate (Mon-Sat)| Hour| $65| Rate Only  
Overtime Rate (Sun & PH)| Hour| $65| Rate Only  
Mobilization & Demobilization| Trip| $450| Rate Only  
  
First 4 February 2020 Quotation

Item| Description| Unit| Rate| Amount  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Rental of 1.2 m3 Super Long Arm Excavator with Operator and exclude Diesel
x 1 Unit  
Monthly Rate, min. 1 month per 10hrs per day| Month| $14,000| Rate Only  
Overtime Rate (Mon-Sat & Sun/PH)| Hour| $54| Rate Only  
Mobilization / Demobilization| Trip| $600| Rate Only  
  
73 In my view, whether the nature of the works pertaining to the two
quotations were similar or different and whether the rates pertaining to the
Super Long Arm Excavator quoted therein were the same or different have little
relevance in determining the intention of the parties to enter into one
contract or two contracts.

74 Consider a hypothetical situation where A contracts with B for B to supply
the cars and drivers needed to transport VIP attendees to an international
conference. It would be artificial to view each rented car and accompanying
driver as a separate contract between A and B unless the contractual parties
clearly states that each car rented is a separate contract. Instead, it would
more likely be the case that such instances are terms of a single contract
between A and B. To make this analogy closer to the facts of the present case,
suppose the initial terms of the single contract stipulated that the drivers
are to only transport the VIP attendees to the conference. Subsequently, A and
B agree that A would rent more cars and drivers to transport some additional
VIP attendees back to their places of residence or even to other locations
upon their request. This additional arrangement would constitute a different
scope of work which nevertheless relates to the same contract. A and B also
agree that these drivers are to be more handsomely remunerated for their
efforts. These additional facts alone neither indicate that the additional
arrangements are made pursuant to a variation of the previous contract, nor
imply that it is made pursuant to a separate contract. Rather, as I have
stated earlier (see [60] above), this issue must turn on the parties’
objective intention at the material time.

75 Hence, I place little weight on the parties’ submissions on the nature and
scope of works relating to the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4
February 2020 Quotation. I shall turn next to the substance of the analysis:
what did KSE and Backho objectively intend at the material time? Did KSE and
Backho intend to have a separate contract each time KSE rented an equipment
for the Project?

(3) The parties’ objective intention

76 KSE submits that the parties’ conduct evinced an intention to enter into
two separate contracts arising from the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First
4 February 2020 Quotation. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AWS at paras 63 and 83.

Its submission relies on two arguments (see [28(b)] above):

(a) The 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation arose
from separate discussions and they did not bear common references. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AWS at para 64.

(b) Backho issued separate invoices for the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the 4
February 2020 Quotation. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AWS at para 69.

77 In respect of KSE’s first argument, KSE relies on the authority of Rong
Shun, where the court dealt with the issue of whether a payment claim arose
from a single contract. In that case, the High Court found that the parties’
conduct evinced an intention to enter into one contract comprising two scopes
of work. The court had regard to the following facts: (a) the respondent
extended a single invitation to the applicant to tender for two scopes of
work; and (b) the two quotations bore the same reference number as well as
same heading which referred to the main contract between the respondent and
the Housing and Development Board. The court stated as follows (at [76]–[81]):

76 … In my view, an analysis of the evidence shows that the parties’ conduct
evinced an intention, objectively ascertained, to enter into only one contract
comprising two scopes of work.

77 I begin the analysis with the tender phase. The respondent’s evidence is
that it made a separate invitation to tender for each scope of work and
suggests that it is therefore a mere coincidence that the applicant was
awarded both scopes. The respondent has not, however, produced any documentary
or other independent evidence to support its suggestion. I do not accept it. I
accept instead the applicant’s evidence that the respondent extended a single
invitation to the applicant to tender for both scopes of work. This is
consistent with the respondent’s own evidence that, in the course of preparing
its tender to the HDB for the main contract, the respondent “sent out
invitations to different contractors, inviting them to quote for the
electrical installation works … and for the fire alarm installation works …”.
That approach is, to my mind, more consistent with the commercial realities at
the time, bearing in mind that the two scopes of work arose from one main
contract and were to be carried out in conjunction with each other at the same
locations.

78 I now turn to the quotations themselves. The two original quotations, both
dated 20 December 2012, bore the same reference number, ie, “RSEC- 1212151”.
This indicates to me that the applicant viewed the two quotations as, in
contractual substance, capable of giving rise to a unified obligation.

79 This is fortified by the heading for each quotation: “ADDITION & ALTERATION
WORKS TO MULTI-STORY CAR PARKS (BATCH 7)”. This heading repeats verbatim the
title of the main contract between the respondent and the HDB, leaving out
only the HDB’s internal contract number. This indicates to me that the
applicant attached paramount significance to the fact that both quotations
arose from the same main contract and not to the fact that each quotation
comprised a different scope of work. In this regard, I accept the applicant’s
evidence that its practice was to submit separate quotations for separate
scopes of work even if those separate scopes of work were to be governed by a
single contract.

80 It is true that the applicant: (a) issued two separate quotations for each
scope of work on 20 December 2012; (b) each quotation incorporated a clause
expressly providing that that quotation included only the items specified in
the tender contract breakdown attached to that quotation; and (c) that each
quotation had annexed to it a different tender contract breakdown for each
scope of work. That does suggest, as the respondent submits, that the parties
entered into two contracts and not one. But in my view, none of these facts
suffices to outweigh objectively the weight of the evidence I have analysed
above pointing in the other direction. In my view, the quotations were
separated for administrative convenience rather than with contractual effect.
Further, the clause in question is a pro forma clause in the pro forma parts
of the applicant’s quotations. It is therefore difficult to ascribe any
specific objective intent to the applicant from the incorporation of that
clause in these quotations as to whether it intended to form one contract or
two with the respondent. It also appears to me that the objective intent of
the parties, ascertained in context, was for the tender contract breakdown and
the clause which referred to it to govern the content of the parties’ contract
rather than its formation. Those breakdowns do not, therefore, advance the
respondent’s submission that the parties’ objective intent was to enter into
two contracts rather than one.

81 I therefore find that the parties’ objective intent, when the applicant
accepted the respondent’s counteroffer during their negotiations on 20
December 2012, was to enter into a single contract comprising two scopes of
work.

[emphasis in original]

78 KSE submits that in contrast, the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4
February 2020 Quotation bore distinct reference numbers and also did not refer
to a single main contract. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AWS at para 66.

Also, the quotations in the present case were made pursuant to requests at
different points in time and not pursuant to a single invitation to tender.
KSE argues that, even on Mr Nam’s evidence, the 30 August 2019 Quotation was
issued pursuant to a discussion on 30 August 2019 while the First 4 February
2020 Quotation was issued after separate discussions in early February 2020.
99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AWS at para 67; NK at paras 10 and 15.

Also, in Backho’s e-mail dated 4 February 2020 which attached the First 4
February 2020 Quotation, Backho did not refer to the earlier 30 August 2019
Quotation or the works undertaken thereunder and did not mention the word
“variation”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AWS at para 67.

Backho wrote in that e-mail as follows: 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

LCH-1 at p 35.

Dear Sir,

We are pleased to attached [sic] our quotation for your perusal.

Please don’t hesitate to contact us for further clarifications.

Thank you.

…

Hence, in KSE’s view, the contents of the e-mail were consistent with the
parties negotiating a new contract. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AWS at para 68.

79 In my view, the absence of the factors in Rong Shun (which KSE points out
above) in the present case does not immediately imply that there are two
contracts instead of one. KSE misunderstands the substance of the court’s
analysis in Rong Shun.

80 In Rong Shun, the court first examined the issue of whether the respondent
had extended a single or separate invitation to the applicant to tender for
two scopes of work (at [77]). This is an examination of whether there was an
overarching agreement for a single contract between the parties. The court
found that there was no contemporaneous documentary evidence in support. The
court then considered the applicant’s evidence (presumably non-written) that
it had extended a single invitation to the respondent to tender for two scopes
of work, which the court found was consistent with other parts of the
respondent’s evidence (at [77]). In the present case, this court undertook
this analysis before examining the plain wording of the quotations (at
[78]–[80]) to decipher whether the parties had intended to have one continuous
contract for the two quotations or the parties intended to have two separate
contracts from the two quotations. This analysis of the parties’ intention is
largely fact driven.

81 Likewise, in the present case, I first examine whether there was
contemporaneous documentary evidence to reveal the intention of the parties at
the material time of the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February
2020 Quotation. At the hearing, the parties agreed that there was no such
written evidence pertaining to discussions in August 2019 or February 2020.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 48 lines 24 to 26.

However, before examining the plain wording of the 30 August 2019 Quotation or
the First 4 February 2020 Quotation, I shall examine the parties’ testimony as
to whether there was an overarching agreement for a single contract between
the parties. At the hearing, KSE agreed with my approach: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript (29 November 2021) at p 48 lines 15 to 28.

Court: You see, Mr Lee, was there---

[Mr Lee]: Yes.

Court: ---any contemporaneous evidence to show the discussions that the
parties had at that time?

[Mr Lee]: In August. Is that what you are referencing, Your Honour?

Court: Either in August or February.

[Mr Lee]: In August, we don’t have.

Court: February?

[Mr Lee]: In February, we just have the two quotations coming in, that is---

Court: So, in other words, there was no contemporaneous written discussion
between the parties?

[Mr Lee]: No, there isn’t. Yes.

Court: Then we have to rely on affidavit.

[Mr Lee]: Yes.

82 In my view, there is indeed such an overarching agreement on the facts.
Having examined both Mr Lee’s and Mr Nam’s evidence, it is clear that Backho
was to supply all requisite equipment to KSE to perform its excavation works
under the Project, because KSE did not have such equipment.

83 Mr Nam stated as such in his affidavit: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NK at paras 10, 15 and 19.

10\. On 30 August 2019, Mr Lee Chung Hee, the Executive Director of KSE
contacted me. He informed me that KSE had secured the project from Hyundai for
the Reclamation of Marine Works at Tuas Western Coast [“the Project”] and
required excavation equipment for the project because KSE did not have any
such machine to undertake the project. Mr Lee was at all material time aware
that the Backho is in the business of supplying rental excavation machine and
manpower to undertake reclamation works on a fixed monthly/hourly rate. Mr Lee
wanted to know if Backho was agreeable to provide all the excavation
equipment, excavator operators, supervisor, bunksman and other related
services as and when required by KSE for the project. I agreed with Mr Lee on
30 August 2019 that Backho will provide KSE with the excavator equipment,
excavator operators, material and all support for the said project, as and
when KSE required, on a rental based, on our usual monthly/hourly rate
[hereinafter referred to as the “said agreement”].

…

15\. In early February 2020, KSE Marine required additional equipment for
their Tuas Project under the agreement reached on 30 August 2019. Accordingly,
Mr Lee contacted me and informed me that KSE required additional equipment,
operators, dumptrucks, bunksmen and other services for the same project at
Tuas West. He wanted to know the rates for these additional equipment and
services which Backho would be supplying under the underlying contract reached
on 30 August 2019.

…

19\. … I categorically deny the false allegations made therein, particularly
that the First February 2020 was a “new agreement” [“Land contract”] for the
supply for rental excavation, workers, materials different and were not a
variation or addition to the contract already reached in 30 August 2019 for
Backho to supply/rent KSE Marine of all the excavation equipment, operators
and services for the Tuas Project. …

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

84 In contrast, Mr Lee’s version of the events was that, as regards the works
under the First 4 February 2020 Quotation, Backho was selected over another
available subcontractor to carry out the works under this “entirely different
contract”: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

LCH-2 at paras 14 and 15.

14\. As stated in My [sic] 1st Affidavit, somewhere around early February
2020, I entered into new discussions with Backho’s NKH for an entirely
different contract involving the transportation of dredged sand on land which
resulted in the Land Contract. KSE could have engaged other subcontractors to
carry out the excavation work on an ad-hoc basis.

15\. Indeed, we had in fact asssessed the costs for hiring Chuan Lim
Construction Pte Ltd (“Chuan Lim”) instead of Backho at the time. Chaun [sic]
Lim was only charging a rate of S$1.45 per m3 of sand transported for similar
works, but in the end we decided to work with Backho because we were not
confident that Chuan Lim’s costs would actually remain at such level after
taking into account all operational issues that could impact the final costs.
KSE eventually decided to work with Backho on the new works since Backho is
Korean and parties had a trusting working relationship at that time.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

As can be seen from the above, Mr Lee explained that: (a) Backho was to carry
out “excavation works”, ie, a broad and all-encompassing head of work, under
the First 4 February 2020 Quotation; (b) KSE and Backho had a “trusting
working relationship at that time”; and (c) Backho was selected over a
subcontractor which had allegedly provided a cheaper rate. Mr Lee also took
pains to further emphasise the magnitude of the works under the First 4
February 2020 Quotation. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AWS at para 18.

85 To begin with, implicit in Mr Lee’s explanation was that KSE was in need of
a substantial degree of manpower and equipment to carry out the works in the
Project, at least at the time of negotiating the First 4 February 2020
Quotation. As a contractor, KSE must have naturally known, at the outset,
about what they would require in order to execute the works in the Project.
Hence, this corroborates Mr Nam’s evidence that KSE needed a huge amount of
manpower and equipment at least at the time of the 30 August 2019 Quotation.

86 Next, I note that KSE did not have independent evidence (by affidavit or
otherwise) to show that KSE had assessed the cost of hiring Chuan Lim prior to
the issuance of the First 4 February 2020 Quotation.

87 Hence, considering the two different narratives before me, the more
credible narrative has to provide a better account of KSE’s need and
willingness to employ Backho to conduct large-scale excavation works for the
Project over a cheaper subcontractor and the parties’ good ongoing working
relationship at the time of the First 4 February 2020 Quotation, bearing in
mind that KSE would have known of such a need at the outset of the Project. In
my view, on a balance of probabilities, it was Mr Nam’s narrative that is more
convincing. In the absence of contemporaneous written evidence, it is more
probable and is in keeping with good commercial sense that the parties had
already agreed for Backho to provide KSE with all the necessary equipment and
manpower for excavation work for the Project at the time of the 30 August 2019
Quotation. Hence, the First 4 February 2020 Quotation indicated a variation of
a single previously concluded contract for the support and supply of equipment
and manpower for the Project starting from the 30 August 2019 Quotation.

88 With such an overarching agreement for Backho to supply all the requisite
equipment, the subsequent ancillary issues, such as whether the quotations
bear a common reference or whether they bear the word “variation”, are
patently trivial. This was simply the case that KSE needed more equipment for
the works in the Project in February 2020 and Backho was happy to supply them
on top of the previously supplied equipment in August 2019. Hence, the parties
intended a single contract contained within the 30 August 2019 Quotation and
the First 4 February 2020 Quotation. In other words, the different rates for
the two separate Long Arm Excavators across these two quotations, along with
the rates pertaining to the additional equipment and manpower supplied under
the First 4 February 2020 Quotation, are different terms of the same contract.

89 Hence, with the greatest respect, KSE has not fully appreciated the
approach taken by the court in Rong Shun. On the contrary, my analysis is
consistent with the approach in Rong Shun and the general principles
pertaining to contractual interpretation ie to establish the intention of the
parties in the contract.

90 I shall turn next to KSE’s second argument, which is that Backho had itself
treated the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the 4 February 2020 Quotation as
separate contracts by issuing two different sets of invoices for each of them.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AWS at para 70.

91 For the invoices in respect of the rental of the Super Long Arm Excavator
under the 30 August 2019 Quotation, Backho referred to the reference number of
the 30 August 2019 Quotation, “QT/19/08/151/R1”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AWS at para 70(a).

The invoices were also expressly referred to as “claims”, and the claims were
numbered sequentially, with separate numbering from the set of invoices/claims
in respect of the First 4 February 2020 Quotation: see table below.

Invoices under the 30 August 2019 Quotation:

Claim No (as stated in the invoices)| Invoice No| Date| Period of alleged
works claimed  
---|---|---|---  
1| 191005| 14 October 2019| 20 September 2019 – 30 September 2019  
2| 191119| 20 November 2019| October 2019  
3| 191210| 9 December 2019| November 2019  
4| 200111| 10 January 2020| December 2019  
5| 200207| 10 February 2020| January 2020  
6| 200324| 9 March 2020| February 2020  
7| 200426| 9 April 2020| March 2020  
8| 200516| 13 May 2020| April 2020  
9| 201033| 31 October 2020| September 2020  
10| 201117| 13 November 2020| October 2020  
11| 210228| 27 February 2021| November 2020  
12| 210230| 27 February 2021| December 2020  
13| 210232| 27 February 2021| January 2021  
  
92 For the invoices in respect of the rental of equipment under the First 4
February 2020 Quotation, Backho referred to the different reference number,
ie, that of the First 4 February 2020 Quotation, “QT/20/02/025”. There was no
reference to the earlier 30 August 2019 Quotation. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AWS at para 70(b).

The invoices were submitted as sequential claims, separately numbered from the
set of invoices issued in respect of the 30 August 2019 Quotation: see table
below.

Invoices under the First 4 February 2020 Quotation

Claim No (as stated in the invoices)| Invoice No| Date| Period of alleged
works claimed  
---|---|---|---  
1| 200325| 9 March 2020| February 2020  
2| 200427| 9 April 2020| March 2020  
3| 200517| 13 May 2020| April 2020  
4| 200914| 23 September 2020| August 2020  
5| 201032| 31 October 2020| September 2020  
6| 201116| 13 November 2020| October 2020  
  
93 Where Backho omitted to state the reference number of the First 4 February
2020 Quotation but sought to claim works under that quotation, the claims did
not include the claims for works under the 30 August 2019 Quotation and
continued to be sequential claims following from the earlier set of claims
under the First 4 February 2020 Quotation (ie, continuing from Claim No 6 in
the table above at [92]): see table below.

Other invoices under the First 4 February 2020 Quotation

Claim No (as stated in the invoices)| Invoice No| Date| Period of alleged
works claimed  
---|---|---|---  
7| 210229| 27 February 2021| November 2020  
8| 210231| 27 February 2021| December 2020  
9| 210233| 27 February 2021| January 2021  
10| 210326| 16 March 2021| 1 February 2021 – 24 February 2021  
  
94 In addition, KSE highlights that, as can be seen from the tables above,
there were several instances where two separate invoices for each quotation
were even issued and dated the same day – ie, one based on the 30 August 2019
Quotation, and the other based on the First 4 February 2020 Quotation. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AWS at para 72.

95 KSE submits that the above evidence shows that Backho itself intended for
the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation to be
distinct transactions and contracts. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AWS at para 71.

96 To recapitulate, I have found above (at [87]–[88]) that there was an
overarching agreement for Backho to supply all the necessary equipment for KSE
to carry out its works under the Project. In the circumstances, the
organisation of the invoices is simply a matter of convenience for Backho.
There is also much clarity and transparency in billing KSE who would
appreciate how the amount in the invoices were derived. I therefore agree with
the Adjudicator’s finding that “the numbering of the invoices is an
administrative issue, and what is more relevant is the substance behind the
invoices and the conduct of the parties, and not the form of the invoices”
[emphasis added]. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

RBOD at p 306 para 70.

Hence, I place little weight on KSE’s submissions regarding the form of the
invoices above.

97 KSE alleges that there was an Alleged Oral Agreement with Backho which was
concluded around February 2020 to charge based on the volume of earth
excavated instead of the time-based rental of equipment and manpower for the
Project. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

LCH-1 at paras 15 to 22.

Backho admitted that there was a discussion but there was no agreement as the
parties could not agree on the rate. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NK at para 17.

I shall discuss this issue of the Alleged Oral Agreement in greater detail
below. However, this event is relevant for the purpose of determining whether
the parties intended to have a single contract or two contracts from the two
quotations. KSE submits that the Alleged Oral Agreement is similar to and was
concluded pursuant to negotiations for the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation.
As I have stated above (at [87]), it makes no commercial sense to operate the
30 August 2019 Quotation on a time-based rate independently and concurrently
with the Alleged Oral Agreement. This reasoning applies a fortiori to the
Alleged Oral Agreement, which was priced based on the volume of earth
excavated for works in the Project, as opposed to the time-based rental of
equipment in the First 4 February 2020 Quotation. Hence, on KSE’s argument, it
would have been logical for the Alleged Oral Agreement to supersede the 30
August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation. This implies
that KSE and Backho contemplated their business association in the Project as
one contractual relationship before this case went for adjudication.

(4) Conclusion on whether AA 165 was premised on one or two contracts

98 For the above reasons, I find that there was only one applicable contract
on the facts. From my finding that there was an overarching agreement for
Backho to supply all the necessary equipment for KSE to carry out its works
under the Project (at [87]–[88]), the First 4 February 2020 Quotation
indicated a variation of a single previously concluded contract. Hence, I
dismiss KSE’s first jurisdictional objection that AA 165 was premised on two
different contracts and hold that the Adjudicator did not act in excess of his
jurisdiction on this ground.

Did the Alleged Oral Agreement exist?

The applicable law

99 The SOPA expressly states that its provisions shall apply to contracts that
are “made in writing”. Sections 4(1), 4(3) and 4(4) of the SOPA provide as
follows:

Application of Act

4.—(1) Subject to subsection (2), this Act shall apply to any contract that is
made in writing on or after 1st April 2005, whether or not the contract is
expressed to be governed by the law of Singapore.

…

(3) For the purpose of this section, a contract shall be treated as being made
in writing —

(a) if the contract is made in writing, whether or not it is signed by the
parties thereto;

(b) if the contract is made by an exchange of communications in writing;

(c) if the contract made otherwise than in writing is recorded by one of the
parties thereto, or by a third party, with the authority of the parties
thereto; or

(d) if the parties to the contract agree otherwise than in writing by
reference to terms which are in writing.

(4) Where a contract is not wholly made in writing, the contract shall be
treated as being made in writing for the purpose of this section if, subject
to the provisions of this Act, the matter in dispute between the parties
thereto is in writing.

[emphasis added]

100 Indeed, the above position is clearly stated by the court in Metropole Pte
Ltd v Designshop Pte Ltd [2017] 4 SLR 277 at [109]: “… it is a jurisdictional
requirement that the adjudicator’s determination be based on a written
contract. The court is therefore entitled to look into the merits of the
adjudicator’s decision in this respect.”

101 I shall now turn to my findings on this issue.

My findings

102 As stated above (at [29]), KSE claims that the Alleged Oral Agreement was
based on the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation after the First 4 February 2020
Quotation was rejected. It seems that KSE submits that the Alleged Oral
Agreement was to significantly change the approach towards the Project from a
time-based rental of equipment and manpower to a rate based on the volume of
earth excavated. As I have explained above (at [97]), on KSE’s case, it would
make no commercial sense for the volume-based arrangement in the Alleged Oral
Agreement not to apply to the 30 August 2019 Quotation. KSE had not provided
any explanation or evidence that the Alleged Oral Agreement would not apply to
the 30 August 2019 Quotation. This point therefore weakened KSE’s allegation
that there was an Alleged Oral Agreement.

103 KSE claims that the existence of the Alleged Oral Agreement is supported
by: (a) the parties’ correspondence at the material time; 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AWS at para 92.

and (b) Backho’s conduct. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

AWS at para 98.

KSE further argues that the Adjudicator failed to adequately consider the
timing and circumstances of KSE’s payment of the invoices allegedly issued
under the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation.
118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AWS at para 107.

104 I shall address KSE’s submissions in turn.

(1) The parties’ correspondence

105 KSE submits that the parties’ correspondence at the material time supports
its claim that the Alleged Oral Agreement was concluded after the Second 4
February 2020 Quotation was rejected (see [10]–[11] above).

106 On 3 September 2020, Mr Kim Sun Jun (“Mr Kim”), KSE’s then Project
Manager, sent the following text message to Mr Nam: 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

LCH-1 at p 80; AWS at para 93.

Hello Mr Nam. Our dredging machine has already been verified, but the land
equipment is not ready, so we can’t start working. I keep talking with PM Mr
Kim about your overdue payment. I think we need 2 long arms, 2ADTs, and 1
dozer during the daytime, and 2 long arms at night. Other things, we currently
have 4 lights and I need a supervisor to manage the day and night shift. We’ll
prepare the Banksman. Currently, we can guarantee 5,000m3 per day and
120,000m3 per month. We’ve proceeded with the charter contract because the
work was not ready yet, but now our management also wants to make a unit price
contract with you.

[emphasis added]

According to KSE, since the above text message states that “… our management
also wants to make a unit price contract with you”, it therefore suggests that
there was no previously concluded contract using a volume-based rate. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AWS at para 94; LCH-1 at para 30.

However, Mr Lee has explained that a more accurate translation would be:
“[p]reviously, work was not smooth, so we just had proceeded with a charter,
however, our headquarters likewise wants the unit base contract”. Mr Lee
contends that there was a translation error since the word “make” does not
exist in the Korean text but somehow has been included in the erroneous
English translation. Hence, the Adjudicator would have been confused by this
translation and influenced by it into concluding that the Alleged Oral
Agreement did not exist at the time this text message was sent. KSE also
submits that there was no need for KSE to inform Backho that it could
“guarantee 5,000m3 per day and 120,000m3 per month”, which refers to the
volume quantity of dredged sand, if there was no prior agreement for payment
to be by volume, as stipulated in the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AWS at para 95.

107 On 31 October 2020, Mr Kim sent the following text message to a WhatsApp
group chat with Backho: 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

LCH-1 at p 39; AWS at para 96.

…

Starting November 1st, the contract with Backho Company will be changed from
charter to contract, please make every effort to manage your productivity. I
want to start working as soon as possible and do it until late. And I think it
is not desirable to do oil top up time at once. It’s enough to charge it in
half. And if oil company continue complain, I think we should change oil
company. This causes a lot of losses. Since there is no manager of your
company, I am in the position of managing it, but I also have a limit. I’ve
asked your MD several times, but 1)You must need to replace one with a big
bucket. 2)Add 1 dozer operator at nightshift 3) Add 2 at nightshift ADT
drivers very urgently. I am not in a position to wait any longer and I want
your prompt action.

[emphasis added]

KSE claims that in the above context, the words “charter to contract” was
understood by the parties to mean that after September 2020 and October 2020,
the rates would revert from time-based rates to the volume-based rates that
had been originally agreed pursuant to the Alleged Oral Agreement (see [18]
above). Mr Kim reminded Backho to “manage productivity” because payment was on
volume-based rates. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AWS at para 96.

108 In my view, the above correspondence does not show the existence of the
Alleged Oral Agreement.

109 In respect of Mr Kim’s text message to Mr Nam on 3 September 2020, I do
not see how Mr Lee’s alternative translation assists KSE’s case. Mr Lee’s
claim that the message should have read, “[p]reviously, work was not smooth,
so we just had proceeded with a charter, however, our headquarters likewise
wants the unit base contract”, also suggests there was no previously concluded
contract which used a volume-based rate. KSE’s act of informing Backho in that
message that it could “guarantee 5,000m3 per day and 120,000m3 per month”,
which refers to the volume quantity of dredged sand, therefore relates to the
negotiation of a new contract’s terms, one which payment would be based on
volume instead of time. Given that this negotiation took place in September
2020, many months after the Alleged Oral Agreement was allegedly concluded
sometime around 4 February 2020, the above evidence plainly does not assist
KSE’s case.

110 In respect of Mr Kim’s text message on 31 October 2020, the Adjudicator
noted that there is no evidence of Mr Nam assenting to this message. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

RBOD at p 303 para 64(h).

With regard to this finding, KSE submits that “it is more significant that Mr
Nam did not deny the arrangement” as Mr Nam did not, for instance, “say he was
puzzled by the statement” or “question what was the ‘contract’ which the
charter was supposed to be changed to”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

AWS at para 97.

111 Quite apart from the Adjudicator’s reasoning and KSE’s attempted rebuttal
of it, I find that Mr Kim’s text message on 31 October 2020 simply does not
have much probative value. From a plain reading of the above asserted change
from a “charter” to a “contract”, this phrase connotes, at most, a more
permanent arrangement between KSE and Backho as opposed to one that is more ad
hoc. This is especially the case since the correspondence is between laymen.
There is no evidence as to the terms of the “contract” that would allegedly
take effect on 1 November 2020 and therefore whether that “contract”, which
was vague and ambiguous, was the Alleged Oral Agreement.

112 Hence, the correspondence above does not support KSE’s case.

(2) Backho’s conduct

113 KSE then submits that Backho’s own conduct subsequent to KSE’s 31 October
2020 text message from Mr Kim (see [107] above) reinforces the existence of
the Alleged Oral Agreement. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

AWS at para 98.

114 On the one hand, KSE alleges that the following evidence shows that Backho
had claimed payment for its works done on a volume-based rate in affirmation
of the Alleged Oral Agreement:

(a) Consistent with the payment of the works on a volume basis, Backho
requested for the survey data on 10 December 2020 so that it could “prepare
for submission of the progress claim”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

LCH-1 at p 43; AWS at para 99.

(b) Backho affirmed the Alleged Oral Agreement by submitting Progress Claim 1
dated 5 January 2021 for the works done in November 2020 and December 2020
using a volume-based rate of S$1.90/m3. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

LCH-1 at p 46; AWS at para 100.

(c) Mr Nam sent Mr Kim a text message on 6 February 2021 to request for the
survey data for October 2020, November 2020, December 2020 and January 2021
and requested for payment before Chinese New Year 2021. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AWS at para 103; LCH-1 at p 82.

115 On the other hand, Backho submits that it is clear from the WhatsApp
correspondence between the parties that even by 13 January 2021, KSE had not
provided Backho with the survey data. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

RWS at para 29.

The WhatsApp messages state as follows: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

RBOD at p 278.

13 January 2021

Mr Nam: Mr Kim isn’t answering my call. How should I discuss it with him? And
we didn’t receive any survey data in November and December.

Mr Nam: Why don’t you settle the September and October payments first and we
discuss it again later? After five months of outstanding payment, it seems
you’re not willing to pay by raising the issue of work hours now. Let me have
your answer.

15 January 2021

Mr Kim: Please send me the standby invoices for Apr, May, Jun and Jul which I
mentioned yesterday.

[emphasis added]

Hence, any contract premised on a volume-based rate was not concluded by 13
January 2021. The Alleged Oral Agreement therefore could not have been
concluded shortly after the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation.

116 As for Progress Claim 1, Mr Nam explained that from 3 September 2020 to 13
January 2021, there were negotiations between Backho and KSE to revise the
agreement concluded on 30 August 2019 to use volume-based rates. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

RWS at paras 25(c) and 30; NK at para 29.

However, in considering whether to agree to such an agreement, Backho
requested KSE to provide the applicable quantum of earth work. Backho
explained that this was why it prepared Progress Claim 1 to “explore” whether
KSE would agree to the quantum of the earth work and the rate of $1.90/m3.
KSE, however, rejected Backho’s proposed rate, so Backho continued to make
claims under the previous time-based rates. Admittedly, it may appear odd that
Backho submitted Progress Claim 1 to “explore” the possibility of payment on a
volume-based rate. However, it would be even stranger to accept KSE’s version
of the events. As the Adjudicator rightly noted, the sums that Backho claimed
in Progress Claim 1 for November and December 2020 each was $355,001.70. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

RBOD at p 303 para 64(g); RWS at para 35(c)(8).

However, Backho eventually only claimed lesser sums of $195,721.30 for
November 2020 and $159,818.38 for December 2020, on a time-based rate under
the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation. Had
there been the Alleged Oral Agreement, Backho would have been able to claim
higher sums using a volume-based rate in Progress Claim 1 as opposed to a
time-based rate under the two aforementioned quotations. I therefore agree
with the Adjudicator’s findings that “[i]f there was indeed an agreement
reached that [Backho] should be paid based on volume-based rates, there would
be little reason for [Backho] to switch back to time-based rates, and claim a
lower amount” and that “[t]his therefore militates against a conclusion that
such an agreement on volume-based rates was reached”. In any case, in my view,
the fact remains that Progress Claim 1 was premised on a rate of $1.90/m3.
This rate was unacceptable to KSE as KSE contends that the Agreed Volume Rate
was $1.50/m3. Hence, the fact that Progress Claim 1 was submitted on 5 January
2021 shows that the Alleged Oral Agreement did not exist in February 2020.

117 More broadly, the above evidence (at [114]) is but one aspect of Backho’s
conduct. The larger picture was that Backho had sent KSE many invoices from
February 2020 to November 2020, which all referred to the 30 August 2019
Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation (see [91] and [92] above).
Pursuant to these two quotations, payment was to be on time-based rates. As
the Adjudicator rightly reasoned: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

RBOD at p 301 para 64(b).

… Such conduct would be completely contradictory to [KSE’s] position that an
agreement was reached in February 2020 (or even in September 2020) that
[Backho] would be paid for work done on a volume basis, at a rate of S$1.50/m3
of sand transported. [Backho] would not have consistently sent invoices
referring to the 30 August Quotation and the First 4 February Quotation, if
there was such an agreement reached that it was to be paid on a volume-based
rate instead.

118 However, as set out above (at [13]–[18]), KSE attempted to explain the
above invoices, made on time-based rates, as goodwill payments to Backho. To
recapitulate, KSE claims that despite the conclusion of the Alleged Oral
Agreement, it paid Backho using time-based rates from 20 March 2020 to the end
of October 2020 out of goodwill. This was in light of the disruptions to the
works caused by the COVID-19 measures. Thereafter, payments were to revert to
the use of a volume-based rate from 1 November 2020 onwards.

119 I pause to note that KSE has not adduced any direct evidence to show that
the above payments were made on a goodwill basis. There is no documentary
evidence that KSE told Backho that the payments were made on a goodwill basis.
KSE instead invites the court to infer this fact from the circumstances of
KSE’s payments to Backho (see [125] below).

120 Further, in support of the narrative that KSE made goodwill payments, KSE
submits that Backho did not issue payment claims on a time-based rate after
November 2020. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AWS at para 105.

However, on 27 February 2021, two weeks after Backho had allegedly abandoned
its works (see [20] above), Backho realised that its claims would be lower
using volume-based rates. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

AWS at para 106.

Hence, Backho issued, at one go, six invoices for works purportedly carried
out pursuant to the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020
Quotation for the months of November 2020, December 2020 and January 2021 (see
Claim Nos 11–13 at [91] and Claim Nos 7–9 at [93] above).

121 KSE’s submission above is rather far-fetched. KSE claims that Backho’s
issuance of six invoices on 27 February 2021 was motivated by a realisation
that it could have claimed for higher sums using time-based rates rather than
volume-based rates. Yet, there is no evidence to support KSE’s assertion of
Backho’s alleged motivation.

122 In contrast, Backho could satisfactorily explain why it had issued six
invoices on 27 February 2021. Backho submits that from 16 March 2020 to 5 May
2021, Backho was consistently chasing KSE for KSE’s outstanding payments for
works carried out in September 2020 to January 2021. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

RWS at paras 25(a) and 29.

This submission is supported by WhatsApp correspondence between Mr Nam and Mr
Kim: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

RBOD at pp 275 to 278.

16 March 2020

[Mr Kim]: Mr Nam! Long time no see. I’m texting you first because I couldn’t
reach you on the phone. I recently heard the payment issue wasn’t solved
smoothly. You’ve been waiting for a long time. I heard there was a problem
with the number of people who were put on the night shift, even though it’s
almost settled and is implemented both day and night. I hope this is simply a
payment issue. I’ve been talking on the phone with Director Lee at my head
office, and I heard the payment issue will be resolved this week.

[Mr Kim]: I’m sorry it wasn’t handled properly. Anyway, if what we’ve already
started doesn’t pose another problem, I hope we can proceed smoothly with
mutual cooperation. Thank you for your hard work.

24 March 2020

[Mr Kim]: First of all, I received confirmed [sic] that the payment issue will
definitely be resolved tomorrow. …

31 March 2020

[Mr Nam]: Good morning, Mr Kim. Thank you for your hard work. Please contact
me about the payment.

[Mr Kim]: Good morning, Mr Nam. It’s frustrating for me, too. The head office
handles the money. Director Lee will be calling you.

30 August 2020

…

[Mr Kim]: Thank you for waiting for a long time. You can resume the work from
tomorrow. Please get Backho’s operators ready. … It is estimated that work of
5000m3 or more per day is possible. …

…

16 September 2020

[Mr Kim]: Mr Nam, do you have anything to update us? We’ve been pressed for
the payment issue again.

24 September 2020

[Mr Kim]: Mr Nam, how’re you? I heard you’re working on the payment issue with
Director Lee.

7 October 2020

[Mr Kim]: Even the charter is like this, and I don’t know if I can sign a
contract. I’m not even an employee of Backho. I’m really tired.

…

6 February 2021

…

[Mr Nam]: Please send us the survey data from October to January and I’ll tell
you if we can perform the work after payment is made before the Lunar New
Year.

[Mr Kim]: All right.

14 February 2021

[Mr Kim]: … Hasn’t the payment for November been made yet? We haven’t received
any payment since December. …

…

[Mr Nam]: And the payment hasn’t been made yet.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Pertinently, the last exchange above on 14 February 2021 clearly shows that
Backho had not received payments since November 2020. The previous exchange
also indicates that Backho was chasing for payments from October 2020 to
January 2021. In the circumstances, I find that the contemporaneous issuing of
six invoices on 27 February 2021 was motivated by a need to pursue previous
payments for Backho’s rental of equipment from October 2020 to January 2021
under the previously concluded contract within the 30 August 2019 Quotation
and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation. It was not, as KSE claims, done
because Backho realised that its claim would be lower using volume-based
rates. In fact, Backho would have been able to claim higher sums using a
volume-based rate in Progress Claim 1 as opposed to a time-based rate (at
[116] above).

(3) The timing and circumstances of KSE’s payments of the invoices

123 KSE submits that the Adjudicator had failed to consider the timing and
circumstances of KSE’s payments of the invoices purportedly made pursuant to
the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation. KSE
submits as follows: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AWS at para 108.

a. When the works started in or around 20 March 2020, the dredging volume was
very low and there was not enough volume of sand to be transported to justify
Backho’s equipment on site. KSE then agreed, out of goodwill, for payment to
be based on rental rates for a very limited duration. This was to assist
Backho so that it could earn a reasonable revenue because had calculations
based on a unit price structure under the Land Contract been strictly
enforced, Backho’s revenue would have been very low due to the low volume of
sand that was subject to dredging at the time.

b. Thus, notwithstanding that Backho claimed based on rental rates for works
under the Land Contract, KSE paid Backho for the works carried out in the
months of February 2020 to April 2020 (prior to the Circuit Breaker) out of
goodwill.

c. After the Circuit Breaker and when works could resume, based on a further
discussion on 29 September 2020, KSE since again agreed to assist Backho by
paying based on rental rates from 20 September 2020 to the end of October
2020. This indulgence given by KSE was again made purely out of goodwill, in
view of the fact that Backho would take some to re-mobilise the equipment
before carrying out unit based chargeable work, and that there was slower
dredging works as a result of the works only just re-starting because of the
earlier COVID-19 circuit breaker restrictions and the slow release of workers
from the dormitories. It was however made clear to Backho that starting from 1
November 2020, KSE would, in all circumstances, revert to paying Backho based
on the previously Agreed Unit Rate of S$1.50 per m3 pursuant to the Land
Contract.

124 The above submission is simply a bare narration of what KSE asserts to be
the true facts pertaining to the present dispute. In the circumstances, I do
not see how the Adjudicator had, in KSE’s view, failed to consider the timing
and circumstances of KSE’s payments of the aforementioned invoices.

125 As alluded to above (at [119]), KSE suggests that the court should infer
that its payments on a time-based rate were out of goodwill. KSE argues that
its payments for the sand transportation works were not for the exact amounts
in Backho’s invoices. Instead, KSE made lump sum payments without indicating
that they were for the invoices pertaining to the First 4 February 2020
Quotation: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

AWS at paras 109 to 111.

(a) a sum of $80,000 on 2 October 2020; 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

LCH-1 at p 316.

(b) a sum of $120,000 on 11 November 2020; 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

LCH-1 at p 317.

and

(c) a sum of $150,000 on 22 January 2021. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

LCH-1 at p 319.

KSE therefore argues that the manner in which it made the above payments shows
that KSE neither affirmed the First 4 February 2020 Quotation nor accepted the
invoices pertaining to that quotation. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

AWS at para 112.

126 As seen from the evidence above (at [122]), Backho was chasing for
payments from KSE from March 2020 to May 2021. During this period of time, the
payments on October 2020, November 2020 and January 2021 were effected, but
Backho continued to chase KSE for payment. In my view, these lump sum payments
can either indicate that:

(a) they were unconnected to the invoices pertaining to the 30 August 2019
Quotation or the First 4 February 2020 Quotation and therefore made on a
goodwill basis; or

(b) they were simply insufficient for full payment for moneys due under the 30
August 2019 Quotation or the First 4 February 2020 Quotation.

In the absence of further evidence, the fact that lump sum payments were made
to Backho alone does not assist KSE’s case.

(4) KSE has not discharged its burden of proof

127 In light of the analysis above, KSE has not discharged its burden to
prove, on a balance of probabilities, that the Alleged Oral Agreement exists.
Rather, I am persuaded that Backho’s conduct indicates strongly that it had
sought to claim in the six invoices payments under the contract within the 30
August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation (see [122]
above).

(5) Conclusion on the Alleged Oral Agreement

128 For the above reasons, I dismiss KSE’s second jurisdictional objection
that AA 165 was premised on an oral agreement and hold that the Adjudicator
did not act in excess of his jurisdiction on this ground.

Conclusion

129 As stated above (at [38]–[44]), KSE’s present application to set aside the
AD was clearly filed out of time as it exceeded the stipulated 14-day period
under O 95 r 2(4) of the ROC. This deadline of 14 days is not advisory and KSE
had failed to comply with it to set aside the AD. However, I accepted the
reasons for non-compliance and there is no substantial prejudice to Backho.
Thus, I granted KSE an extension of time.

130 However, for the above reasons, KSE has not proven any of its two grounds
to set aside the AD. My findings are as follows:

(a) In respect of the first ground that there were two contracts, ie, the 30
August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February 2020 Quotation, I find that
there was in fact an overarching agreement for Backho to supply all the
necessary equipment for KSE to carry out its works under the Project, the
First 4 February 2020 Quotation was a variation and an addition to the 30
August 2019 Quotation. AA 165 was therefore premised on a single contract (see
[58]–[98] above).

(b) In respect of the second ground that the Second 4 February 2020 Quotation
was an oral agreement, KSE failed to prove that the Alleged Oral Agreement
exists. Hence, AA 165 was not premised on an oral contract but on a contract
made in writing within the 30 August 2019 Quotation and the First 4 February
2020 Quotation (see [105]–[128] above).

Accordingly, I dismiss KSE’s application to set aside the AD and the Order.

131 I shall hear parties on the issue of costs.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Lee Peng Khoon Edwin, Amanda Koh Jia Yi and Yap Wei Xuan Mendel (Eldan Law
LLP) for the applicant;

S. Magintharan and Liew Boon Kwee James (Essex LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Jan 2022 (18:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

