Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE High Court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 157

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9066 of 2021/01

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Manta Equipment (S) Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Workplace Safety and Health Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Benchmark sentences]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Manta Equipment (S) Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 157

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9066 of 2021

  

Sundaresh Menon CJ, Steven Chong JCA and Vincent Hoong J  
10 March 2022

7 July 2022 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The Workplace Safety and Health Act 2006 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Act”) was
enacted to improve workplace safety by effecting a cultural change for
employers and other stakeholders to take proactive measures to prevent
accidents.

2 In line with that intent, Part 4 of the Act sets out a list of duties and
offences of persons at the workplace, spanning different stakeholders and
catering for different mental elements (the “Part 4 offences”).
Notwithstanding this diversity, the Part 4 offences are punishable under the
omnibus provision of s 50 save where otherwise specified:

General penalties

50. Any person guilty of an offence under this Act (but not including the regulations) for which no penalty is expressly provided by this Act shall be liable on conviction —

(a) in the case of a natural person, to a fine not exceeding $200,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to both; and

(b) in the case of a body corporate, to a fine not exceeding $500,000,

and, if the contravention in respect of which the person was so convicted
continues after the conviction, the person shall (subject to section 52) be
guilty of a further offence and shall be liable to a fine —

(c) in the case of a natural person, not exceeding $2,000 for every day or
part of a day during which the offence continues after conviction; or

(d) in the case of a body corporate, not exceeding $5,000 for every day or
part of a day during which the offence continues after conviction.

3 The present appeal relates only to s 12(1) read with s 20 of the Act, ie,
the breach of an employer’s duty to take reasonably practicable measures to
ensure the safety and health of its employees. The Prosecution, which is the
appellant, invites this court to review and revise the relevant existing
sentencing frameworks relating to bodies corporate, as set out in Public
Prosecutor v GS Engineering & Construction Corp [2017] 3 SLR 682 (“GS
Engineering”) and MW Group Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 1300 (“MW
Group”). The Prosecution further proposes that the revised sentencing
framework should be applicable to all Part 4 offences punishable under s 50(b)
of the Act.

Background

The facts

4 The underlying facts of this appeal concern a worker who was struck by the
suspended jib of a tower crane being erected on a vessel at a shipyard. The
jib had not been rigged according to the manufacturer’s configuration.
Unfortunately, the worker passed away as a result of his injuries.

5 Consequently, the respondent, which was the employer of the deceased, was
charged with, pleaded guilty to, and was convicted of a charge under s 12(1)
read with s 20 of the Act:

DSC 900672 of 2020

You, [the respondent], are charged that you, on 13 December 2017, being the
employer of [the deceased employee] (“the Deceased”) at a shipyard located at
Admiralty Road West, which was a workplace within the meaning of the Workplace
Safety and Health Act (Chapter 354A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), did in
contravention of Section 12(1) of the said Act, fail to take, so far as was
reasonably practicable, such measure as are necessary to ensure the safety and
health of your employee at work, to wit, you had failed to:-

(a) Adequately implement safe work procedures for the erection of a tower
crane; and

(b) Establish and implement an adequate lifting plan

which failures caused the death of the Deceased and you have thereby committed
an offence under section 12(1) read with section 20 of the Act, punishable
under Section 50(b) of the same Act.

6 Sections 12(1) and 20 of the Act provide as follows:

12.—(1) It is the duty of every employer to take, so far as is reasonably
practicable, such measures as are necessary to ensure the safety and health of
the employer’s employees at work.

…

20. In the event of any contravention of any provision in this Part which imposes a duty on a person, that person shall be guilty of an offence.

The District Judge’s sentencing decision

7 In his grounds of decision on sentence (the “GD”), the District Judge (the
“DJ”) applied the sentencing frameworks set out in GS Engineering and MW Group
in relation to offences under s 12(1) read with s 20 of the Act. Although he
noted that there were divergences between the sentencing frameworks, he did
not consider them to be inconsistent with one another (GD at [51]). He found
that in negligently failing to implement safe work procedures and a lifting
plan, the respondent’s culpability was moderate (GD at [60]–[73]). He also
found that the potential harm inherent in the rigging of the jib was high as
one other worker besides the deceased was exposed to such risk (GD at
[74]–[75]). Based on the applicable sentencing ranges in the frameworks for
such cases of a fine between $120,000 and $300,000 (applying MW Group) or
between $150,000 and $300,000 (applying GS Engineering), the DJ fixed the
starting sentence at a fine of $210,000, which he took to be the midpoint of
the respective sentencing ranges (GD at [77]). After balancing the aggravating
factor on account of the death of the deceased against several mitigating
factors such as the respondent’s early plea of guilt and its otherwise
unblemished safety record, the starting sentence was marginally uplifted by
$10,000 to $220,000 (GD at [80]).

8 In arriving at his decision, the DJ noted that the frameworks in GS
Engineering and MW Group were likely in need of reconsideration in light of
the High Court’s decision in Mao Xuezhong v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2020] 5 SLR 580 (“Mao Xuezhong”), which related to offences under what
is now 15(4) of the Act and which took a different approach in its
consideration of harm and culpability (GD at [57]). Nonetheless, the DJ
considered himself bound by GS Engineering and MW Group, and applied the
frameworks in those cases accordingly (GD at [58]).

The appeal

9 In this appeal, the Prosecution seeks to substitute the GS Engineering and
MW Group sentencing frameworks with one more akin to the framework in Mao
Xuezhong. Notably, it submits that its proposed sentencing framework should be
applicable not just to offences under s 12(1) of the Act, but to all Part 4
offences punishable under s 50(b) generally. Applying its proposed sentencing
framework, the Prosecution argues that a heavier fine of $260,000–$280,000 is
appropriate.

10 The respondent, meanwhile, submits that no departure from the GS
Engineering and MW Group frameworks is warranted, despite candidly
acknowledging that the principles of the Mao Xuezhong sentencing framework are
applicable to offences under s 12(1) of the Act. In any event, it argues,
should a new sentencing framework be formulated, the doctrine of prospective
overruling should be applied, such that the new sentencing framework should
not apply to the present case.

11 To assist us in this appeal, we appointed a young amicus curiae, Ms Loh Jia
Wen Dynyse (the “amicus”). The amicus agreed with the Prosecution that a
framework based on Mao Xuezhong was appropriate.

The issues on appeal

12 The following issues present themselves for consideration:

(a) Whether the sentencing frameworks in GS Engineering and MW Group in
relation to s 12(1) of the Act should be replaced with a new sentencing
framework;

(b) If a new sentencing framework is to be established, whether it should
apply to all other Part 4 offences punishable under s 50(b);

(c) If a new sentencing framework is to be established, whether this court
should apply the doctrine of prospective overruling; and

(d) Whether the sentence meted out to the respondent should be altered.

Whether a new sentencing framework for s 12(1) of the Act should be
established

The development of sentencing frameworks in prior cases

13 We begin by tracing the development of sentencing frameworks for s 12(1) of
the Act in GS Engineering and MW Group, along with the parallel developments
in relation to the present s 15(4) of the Act in Mao Xuezhong.

GS Engineering and MW Group

14 A sentencing framework for s 12(1) of the Act was first formulated in GS
Engineering. This took the form of a two-stage framework: in the first stage,
an indicative starting point sentence is derived from the potential harm
caused by the offence and the culpability of the offender, using the following
sentencing benchmarks (GS Engineering at [77(a)]):

| Culpability  
---|---  
Low| Moderate| High  
Potential harm| High| $100,000 to $150,000| $150,000 to $300,000| $300,000 to
$500,000  
Moderate| $60,000 to $80,000| $80,000 to $100,000| $100,000 to $150,000  
Low| Up to $20,000| $20,000 to $40,000| $40,000 to $60,000  
  
15 In the second stage, the sentence is calibrated by taking into account the
offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors of the case. It is here
that the actual harm caused by the offence is considered: serious actual harm
would be considered an aggravating factor (GS Engineering at [77(d)] and
[77(e)]).

16 Subsequently, the GS Engineering sentencing framework was further refined
in MW Group in two ways. First, the judge in MW Group explicitly identified
and endorsed the implicit feature of the GS Engineering framework that more
weight should be accorded to the potential harm caused by the offence than to
the culpability of the offender (MW Group at [35]–[37]). Second,
notwithstanding his broad agreement with the GS Engineering framework (MW
Group at [26]), the judge in MW Group departed from the specific sentencing
benchmarks laid down in GS Engineering. He considered that the presence of
gaps therein between the sentencing bands for each level of potential harm was
problematic, both because it meant that the statutory sentencing range was not
being fully utilised, and because the large “jumps” were disruptive to the
principle of proportionality (MW Group at [31]–[32]). Hence, the court in MW
Group refined a table of sentencing benchmarks of its own (MW Group at [50]):

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

17 In our view, the modifications proposed in MW Group did not represent a
radical departure from GS Engineering. The underlying principles guiding the
derivation of an appropriate starting point for a sentence remained the same,
as did the considerations driving the evaluation of culpability, potential
harm, and the relevant aggravating and mitigating factors (MW Group at
[26]–[28] and [60]–[61]).

18 However, we note that the disparity in the sentencing benchmarks set out in
GS Engineering and MW Group is liable to result in difficulties for lower
courts seeking guidance from the High Court, leading to uncertainty and
inconsistency in sentencing. This is antithetical to the objective of
sentencing guidelines.

Mao Xuezhong

19 The next key development in the case law was Mao Xuezhong. In that case,
the High Court was asked to consider the appropriate sentencing framework for
offences under s 15(3A) of the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009
Rev Ed) (now s 15(4) of the Act):

15.— (4) Any person at work who, without reasonable cause, does any negligent
act which endangers the safety or health of himself or herself or others shall
be guilty of an offence and shall be liable upon conviction to a fine not
exceeding $30,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to
both.

20 The prevailing precedent in respect of such offences at that point was
Nurun Novi Saydur Rahman v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 3 SLR
413 (“Nurun Novi”), which set out a two-stage sentencing framework similar to
those in GS Engineering and MW Group; in particular, the first stage of
identifying a starting sentence was based on culpability and potential harm,
with greater weight being placed on the latter.

21 The High Court in Mao Xuezhong declined to endorse the Nurun Novi framework
(Mao Xuezhong at [48]–[61]). While it adopted a similar two-stage framework of
identifying an indicative starting point and calibrating thereafter based on
offender-specific factors as well, the first stage of the framework departed
from the approach in Nurun Novi (and therefore from GS Engineering and MW
Group as well) in two notable ways:

(a) First, the first stage of the framework was to consider harm in the sense
of both potential harm and actual harm (ie, the harm occasioned which bears a
causal or contributory link created by the negligent act) caused, rather than
considering only potential harm and relegating actual harm to the second
stage; and

(b) Second, the first stage of the framework was to give equal consideration
to both harm and culpability.

The appropriate sentencing framework for s 12(1) of the Act

22 Notwithstanding that Mao Xuezhong was a case relating to what is now s
15(4) of the Act and not s 12(1), the parties and the amicus are in agreement
that the principles underlying the approach in Mao Xuezhong – ie, the
consideration of both potential harm and actual harm in the first stage of the
sentencing framework, and the equal weight accorded to harm and culpability in
that first stage – should apply to offences under s 12(1) read with s 20 of
the Act as well.

23 We agree with this submission. The GS Engineering and MW Group frameworks
place particular emphasis on potential harm, taking it to be the dominant
consideration in determining an indicative starting sentence. This approach
was said to be rooted in the legislative intent of the Act, as demonstrated in
the material parliamentary debates (see GS Engineering at [50] and [65] and MW
Group at [35]). However, as alluded to in Mao Xuezhong at [67], support for
this approach is not apparent in the parliamentary debates. It is therefore
useful to set out below the relevant portions of the speech by Dr Ng Eng Hen,
the then-Minister for Manpower (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (17 January 2006), vol 80 at cols 2206 and 2215):

Third, this Bill will better define persons who are accountable, their
responsibilities and institute penalties which reflect the true economic and
social cost of risks and accidents. Penalties should be sufficient to deter
risk-taking behaviour and ensure that companies are proactive in preventing
incidents. Appropriately, companies and persons that show poor safety
management should be penalised even if no accident has occurred.

…

The Factories Act contains a stepped penalty regime based on the harm done.
The inadequacy of this regime is that it does not allow for meaningful
penalties in cases where there are severe lapses, but fortuitously no
accidents have occurred. Under the Bill, a single maximum penalty is
prescribed. However, the penalty, in any given case, will be applied taking
into account all the relevant circumstances, including the culpability of the
offender, the potential harm that could have been caused, and the harm
actually done.

[emphasis added]

24 As noted by Dr Ng, the Act was intended to address the “inadequacy” of the
penalty regime of its predecessor, which was concerned solely with actual
harm. To that end, the Act sought to deter poor safety management and effect a
cultural change for employers and other stakeholders to take proactive
measures to prevent accidents at the workplace, as was rightly pointed out in
GS Engineering at [51]. However, the fact that Parliament consciously sought
to expand the recognition of harm in the Act to include potential harm does
not necessarily mean that potential harm was thereafter to be accorded
precedence over other factors. We note that Dr Ng’s explanation of “all the
relevant circumstances” listed culpability, potential harm and actual harm
without giving primacy to any of them. The better understanding of the Act, in
our opinion, is that it was not meant to displace the significance of actual
harm, but was instead meant to give effect to a more nuanced notion of “harm”:
not just “risks and accidents”, but the underlying “economic and social cost”
as well.

25 In this light, we hold that the proper approach is to evaluate the level of
harm as a whole, including both the potential harm and the actual harm.
Indeed, when actual harm has occurred, as is often the case in matters
prosecuted under s 12(1) of the Act, it is artificial to relegate it to a
secondary concern, rather than treating it as one of the primary factors in
determining the indicative starting sentence for an offender. As noted in
Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661 (“Hue An Li”) at [68]–[74], in
cases of criminal negligence, the extent of the harm which eventuates from the
negligent act is a relevant sentencing factor. This proposition is equally
applicable to an employer’s failure to take reasonably practicable measures in
relation to the health and safety of its employees at work, which in our view
is akin to criminal negligence.

26 Ultimately, we recognise that there may not be any significant difference
between the approach to harm favoured by GS Engineering and MW Group and that
which we now endorse, in terms of the eventual sentence. However, in our
judgment, the holistic consideration of harm in the first stage of the
framework better reflects both the intent underlying the Act and the
“intuitive moral sense that outcomes do matter” (Hue An Li at [70]).

27 As for the relationship between harm and culpability, it was noted in Mao
Xuezhong that both were equally important considerations in s 15(3A) offences,
and that the debates concerning the Act did not favour either over the other
(at [67]). We agree and find that the same equally applies to s 12(1)
offences.

28 We therefore hold that the appropriate sentencing framework, inclusive of
benchmarks for indicative starting sentences (the “Framework”), for offences
under s 12(1) read with s 20 of the Act is as follows:

(a) In the first stage of the Framework, the sentencing judge is to determine
the level of harm and the level of culpability, in order to derive the
indicative starting point according to the benchmarks set out below:

| Culpability  
---|---  
Low| Moderate| High  
Harm| High| $150,000 to $225,000| $225,000 to $300,000| $300,000 to $500,000  
Moderate| $75,000 to $150,000| $150,000 to $225,000| $225,000 to $300,000  
Low| Up to $75,000| $75,000 to $150,000| $150,000 to $225,000  
  
(b) In evaluating the level of harm, we agree with the factors set out in GS
Engineering at [77(c)] and MW Group at [27] in assessing potential harm:
namely, the seriousness of the harm risked; the likelihood of that harm
arising; and the number of people likely to be exposed to the risk of the
harm. We also adopt in relation to s 12(1) offences the guidance from Mao
Xuezhong that “[w]here the harm was likely to be death or serious injury (such
as paralysis or loss of a limb), the harm could be considered to be high even
though it did not materialise. If death or serious injury did occur, the harm
would be graded near the top end of the high range.” (at [64(a)(i)]).

(c) As for the assessment of culpability, we similarly agree with the factors
set out in GS Engineering at [77(b)] and MW Group at [28]: namely, the number
of breaches or failures; the nature of the breaches; the seriousness of
breaches; whether the breaches were systemic or isolated; and whether the
breaches were intentional, rash or negligent.

(d) In the second stage of the Framework, the starting sentence should be
calibrated according to offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors.
Notably, the actual harm caused should no longer be considered an aggravating
factor, as it will already have been accounted for at the first stage of the
analysis. Otherwise, we see no reason to depart from the aggravating and
mitigating factors which were considered in GS Engineering at [77(e)] and MW
Group at [60]–[61].

29 In respect of the benchmarks set out above, we note that the parties and
the amicus each submitted roughly similar sets of benchmarks, distinguished
only by slight differences in the numerical bands for each harm-culpability
combination. We have selected the benchmarks presented by the Prosecution,
which in our view best reflect the appropriate indicative starting sentences
for each harm-culpability combination. In particular, we note that there is an
unusually wide range of outcomes which may result from breaches of the duty
under s 12(1) of the Act, from scenarios where no harm to persons or property
was occasioned at all to catastrophes such as the Nicoll Highway collapse, to
cite an example given in GS Engineering (at [55] and [87]). At the same time,
the spectre of disaster should not skew the sensibilities of the court: we
reiterate that death or serious injury to even a single person should still be
considered an instance of high harm. In light of these considerations, a wider
range of indicative starting sentences is warranted for the myriad situations
that might be encapsulated in the high-harm, high-culpability category of
cases, with sentences at or closed to the prescribed maximum fine being
reserved for the types of disasters that involve significant loss of life or
great loss to the economy and severe inconvenience to the public (see Mao
Xuezhong at [68]).

Whether the sentencing framework should apply to other Part 4 offences

30 The facts of this appeal only require us to consider the appropriate
sentencing guidelines in relation to s 12(1) of the Act. Nevertheless, the
Prosecution makes a persuasive case for the application of the Framework to
all other Part 4 offences punishable under s 50(b).

31 Part 4 of the Act sets out the duties in relation to different categories
of stakeholders in the workplace. Unless otherwise specified, the
contravention of these duties is an offence under s 20 of the Act, and is
punishable under s 50(a) for offenders who are natural persons, and s 50(b)
for offenders which are bodies corporate.

32 In respect of s 50(b), we note that the Part 4 duties which can apply to
bodies corporate and for which contravention is punishable under s 50(b) –
namely, ss 11, 12(1) and (2), 14(1) and (3), 14A(1), 16(1), 17(1) and 19(2) –
are largely similarly formulated. Each of these, with the exception of s
19(2), mandates that the category of stakeholders specified therein is to take
reasonably practicable measures to ensure the safety and health of other
parties in the workplace. Section 19(2), while not utilising this same
specific language, provides that occupiers of common areas are to comply with
any provision of the Act with respect to certain portions of the common area;
it therefore imposes on these occupiers of common areas a similar duty to take
reasonably practicable measures to ensure the safety and health of other
parties.

33 Naturally, the specific contents of the duty to take reasonably practicable
measures will differ between each category of stakeholders. Nonetheless, as
the Prosecution pointed out, the shared language employed in the formulation
of these duties indicates a common conceptual standard to which each
stakeholder is to be held: to proactively take reasonable measures to address
the risks it can be expected to control. In our view, the breach of these
duties involves a common mental state akin to negligence (as noted at [25]
above). Further, the slate of potential outcomes which may result from a
breach by any given stakeholder is broadly similar (see [29] above). However,
we generally do not develop a framework for offences which are not squarely
before us. That said, subject to further arguments when an appropriate case is
before us, our indicative view is that the two-stage sentencing approach as
well as the benchmarks as outlined above should be applicable to Part 4 duties
for which contravention is punishable under s 50(b).

34 Three additional observations are nonetheless in order. First, it should be
noted that the harm risked by certain categories of stakeholders in breaching
their duties may likely be more serious. For instance, s 16(1) of the Act
requires persons who manufactures or supplies any machinery, equipment or
hazardous substance for use at work to take various measures as far as is
reasonably practicable. The involvement of such industrial tools makes it
quite possible that a breach of s 16(1) may be more likely to result in
greater harm than an employer’s breach of s 12(1). Nonetheless, this speaks to
the possibilities of various outcomes, but not the overall range of potential
outcomes. The holistic consideration of harm at the first stage of the
Framework would accommodate and address such instances: the greater harm
risked or caused may be accounted for by assigning a higher rating of harm to
such breaches.

35 Second, the above analysis should in principle only apply to Part 4
offences punishable under s 50(b), ie, only where the offender is a body
corporate. In this respect, we would note that the duties which we have listed
at [‎32] above also apply to natural persons who fall into the specified
categories of stakeholders. There are also two further Part 4 duties for which
contravention is punishable under s 50, namely, s 13(1) and s 15(3):

13.—(1) It is the duty of every self-employed person (whether or not he or she
is also a contractor or subcontractor) to take, so far as is reasonably
practicable, such measures as are necessary to ensure the safety and health of
persons (not being the self-employed person’s employees) who may be affected
by any undertaking carried on by the self-employed person in the workplace.

…

15.— (3) Any person at work who, without reasonable cause, wilfully or
recklessly does any act which endangers the safety or health of himself or
herself or others shall be guilty of an offence.

Although s 2 of the Interpretation Act 1965 provides that “person” shall
generally include “any company or association or body of persons, corporate or
unincorporate”, it is plain that in the context of s 13(1) and s 15(3), “self-
employed person” and “person at work” can only refer to natural persons.

36 Where the offender is a natural person, the sentencing options provided for
under s 50 are different: a maximum fine of $200,000 and/or imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years, rather than the maximum fine of $500,000
applicable to bodies corporate. It follows that the benchmarks we have
outlined at [28(a)] above cannot simply be transposed to natural persons
punishable under s 50(a). Nor will any sort of formulaic conversion of the
benchmarks be appropriate: as we noted in Mao Xuezhong at [55], a “treatment
of fines and imprisonment as interchangeable and ‘convertible’ is difficult to
justify in principle”, with the two forms of punishment being qualitatively
different.

37 Nonetheless, we are of the view that the overall two-stage sentencing
approach we have outlined above should remain applicable to natural persons
punishable under s 50(a). Where the same duty to take reasonably practicable
measures to ensure safety and health applies, the same considerations
surrounding harm, culpability and the relevant aggravating and mitigating
factors prevail, notwithstanding that the offender is a natural person. This
should extend to s 13(1) as well, which is also framed with reference to
reasonably practicable measures necessary to ensure safety and health.
Similarly, while the mental element encapsulated in s 15(3) – wilfulness or
recklessness – is different from the negligence that characterises the other
offences punishable under s 50(a), we are of the provisional view that the
two-stage sentencing approach should remain applicable. Preliminarily, we
observe that an offender who is reckless or wilful will be considered to be of
higher culpability, subject to other factors relevant to the assessment of
culpability.

38 Finally, there are also Part 4 offences for which the applicable
punishments are separately specified and distinct from those prescribed in s
50 (namely, ss 15(1), 15(2), 15(4) and 18 of the Act). As with those offences
punishable under s 50(a), it follows that the benchmarks set out at [28(a)]
above would not be applicable. Further, these duties are largely of a
different character from those for which contravention is punishable under s
50. Different considerations may underlie these duties, which may render the
two-stage sentencing approach we have outlined above inappropriate
(notwithstanding that a similar approach was applied to s 15(4) in Mao
Xuezhong). For instance, s 18 of the Act sets out a variety of duties owed by
occupiers and employers, such as a duty to not dismiss or threaten to dismiss
a whistleblower employee (s 18(2)(a)). In such a case, harm and culpability
may not be the dominant sentencing considerations; even if they are, the
factors by which they might be measured are likely to be quite different.
However, given that no submissions were placed before us as to the appropriate
approach to sentencing for breaches of Part 4 duties not punishable under s
50, we reserve consideration of this issue to a future case.

39 In short, we are provisionally of the view that the two-stage sentencing
approach we have outlined above should in principle apply to all Part 4
offences punishable under s 50 of the Act. In addition, where the offender is
a body corporate, the benchmarks we have set out at [28(a)] above should
apply. Appropriate benchmarks for natural persons punishable under s 50(a) and
for offences for which punishments are otherwise specified in the Act may be
considered and developed in future cases.

Whether the doctrine of prospective overruling should apply

40 Having decided that the Framework should apply to Part 4 offences
punishable under s 50(b) of the Act, we turn to consider whether the doctrine
of prospective overruling is applicable, as the respondent contends.

41 Judicial pronouncements are retroactive by default, and the doctrine of
prospective overruling may only be exceptionally invoked where it is necessary
to avoid serious and demonstrable injustice to the parties or the
administration of justice (Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2
SLR 557 at [39]–[40] and [43]). In determining whether there is such
injustice, the court considers (a) the extent to which the law or legal
principle concerned is entrenched; (b) the extent of the change to the law;
(c) the extent to which the change to the law is foreseeable; and (d) the
extent of reliance on the law or legal principle concerned (Hue An Li at
[124]).

42 We decline to apply the doctrine of prospective overruling on the facts of
the present appeal. The respondent has not demonstrated a case of injustice.
GS Engineering and MW Group are both relatively recent decisions, and the mere
application of the sentencing frameworks therein in the courts below does not
render them entrenched. The Framework we have adopted is largely based on
principles similar to those set out in Mao Xuezhong, and the departure from GS
Engineering and MW Group is more akin to a recalibration than a seismic
change. This recalibration would also have been reasonably foreseeable: Mao
Xuezhong was decided in May 2020 and the respondent pleaded guilty in January
2021. Pertinently, the analysis undertaken in Mao Xuezhong referred to both GS
Engineering and the principles underlying the Act as a whole (see Mao Xuezhong
at [63]–[68]). Finally, there is no apparent element of reliance here: there
is no suggestion by the respondent that it had somehow relied on the GS
Engineering and MW Group frameworks in improperly rigging the jib or in
pleading guilty.

The appropriate sentence in this case

43 We now apply the Framework to the facts of this appeal.

44 The parties do not dispute the DJ’s finding that the respondent was of
moderate culpability in failing to ensure the safety of the deceased employee,
and that the potential harm caused by this failure was high. The respondent’s
offence therefore falls into the moderate culpability and high harm category
in the sentencing benchmarks set out at [28(a)] above. The indicative sentence
would be a fine between $225,000 and $300,000.

45 We see no reason to depart from these findings, and add only that per
[28(b)] above, the actual occurrence of death in the present case means that
harm should be positioned near the top end of the high range. The indicative
sentence should be gauged accordingly, ie, closer to $300,000.

46 Turning to the offender-specific factors in this case, we note that the
only aggravating factor found by the DJ was that the offence had caused the
death of the employee. However, we have already taken this into account in the
consideration of harm in the first stage. We also see no reason to depart from
the mitigating factors identified by the DJ, namely, that the respondent had
pleaded guilty at an early stage, that it had cooperated with the
investigations, that it had an otherwise unblemished safety record and that it
had put in place post-accident rectification works (GD at [79]).

47 Having considered that the harm should be classified near the top end of
the high range, we hold that a sentence of a fine of $250,000 is appropriate
after taking into account the relevant mitigating factors.

48 The respondent argues that the fine imposed by the DJ of $220,000 is not
manifestly inadequate, and so should not be enhanced. However, the fact that
the approach taken below to derive the sentence has now been revised suffices
for a re-evaluation of the sentence in principle to justify an enhancement of
the sentence.

Conclusion

49 Accordingly, we allow the Prosecution’s appeal against sentence, and
substitute the fine of $220,000 imposed by the DJ with a sentence of a fine of
$250,000.

50 We thank the parties and the amicus for their helpful submissions in this
matter.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice | Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court |   
  
Tai Wei Shyong, Yang Ziliang and Seah Ee Wei (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the appellant;

Tan Hock Lay Robin (Robin Tan & Co) for the respondent;

Loh Jia Wen Dynyse (WongPartnership LLP) as young amicus curiae.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

7 July 2022

Case summary

Public Prosecutor v Manta Equipment (S) Pte Ltd [2022] SGHC 157

General Division of the High Court – Magistrate’s Appeal No 9066 of 2021

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the General Division of the High Court (delivered by Steven Chong
JA):

Outcome: HC adopts a sentencing framework for s 12(1) of the Workplace Safety
and Health Act, and raises the respondent’s fine to $250,000.

  

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• The appropriate sentencing framework for offences under s 12(1) read with s
20 of the Workplace Safety and Health Act 2006 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Act”) has
two stages. In the first stage of the framework, the sentencing judge is to
determine the level of harm and the level of culpability, in order to derive
the indicative starting point according to the following benchmarks:

| Culpability  
---|---  
Low| Moderate| High  
Harm| High| $150,000 to $225,000| $225,000 to $300,000| $300,000 to $500,000  
Moderate| $75,000 to $150,000| $150,000 to $225,000| $225,000 to $300,000  
Low| Up to $75,000| $75,000 to $150,000| $150,000 to $225,000  
  
In the second stage of the framework, the starting sentence should be
calibrated according to offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors:
at [28].

Background to the application and material facts

1 A worker was struck by the suspended jib of a tower crane being erected on a
vessel at a shipyard. The jib had not been rigged according to the
manufacturer’s configuration. Unfortunately, the worker passed away as a
result of his injuries.

2 Consequently, the respondent company, which was the employer of the
deceased, was charged with, pleaded guilty to, and was convicted of a charge
under s 12(1) read with s 20 of the Act. The District Judge, applying the
sentencing frameworks set out in Public Prosecutor v GS Engineering &
Construction Corp [2017] 3 SLR 682 (“GS Engineering”) and MW Group Pte Ltd v
Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 1300 (“MW Group”), sentenced the respondent to
a $220,000 fine.

3 The Prosecution appealed against the decision of the District Judge. It
argued that a framework based on that set out in Mao Xuezhong v Public
Prosecutor [2020] 5 SLR 580 (“Mao Xuezhong”) – which related to offences under
s 15(3A) of the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed) – was
more appropriate. It also submitted that this framework should be applicable
not just to offences under s 12(1) of the Act, but generally to all other
offences set out in Part 4 of the Act and punishable under s 50(b) of the Act.

Decision

The appropriate sentencing framework for s 12(1) of the Act

4 The sentencing frameworks in GS Engineering and MW Group both derived
indicative starting point sentences from the potential harm caused by the
offence and the culpability of the offender, with more weight accorded to
potential harm than to culpability. However, there was a disparity between the
sentencing benchmarks set out in GS Engineering and MW Group. This was liable
to result in difficulties for lower courts seeking guidance from the High
Court, leading to uncertainty and inconsistency in sentencing. This is
antithetical to the objective of sentencing guidelines: at [14], [16] and
[18].

5 On the other hand, the sentencing framework in Mao Xuezhong derived
indicative starting point sentences with equal consideration being given to
harm and culpability, with the conception of harm encompassing both potential
and actual harm: at [21].

6 The principles underlying Mao Xuezhong should apply to s 12(1) read with s
20 of the Act as well. A better understanding of the Act indicated that
potential harm was not to be accorded precedence over other factors, and that
the Act was meant to give effect to a more nuanced notion of harm. The proper
approach was therefore to evaluate harm as a whole, including both the
potential harm and the actual harm. Where actual harm has occurred, it is
artificial to relegate it to a secondary concern, rather than treating it as
one of the primary factors in determining the indicative starting sentence for
an offender. Further, in relation to s 12(1) offences, harm and culpability
were equally important considerations: at [22] to [25] and [27].

7 Therefore, the appropriate sentencing framework, inclusive of benchmarks for
indicative starting sentences (the “Framework”), for offences under s 12(1)
read with s 20 of the Act was as follows. In the first stage of the framework,
the sentencing judge was to determine the level of harm and the level of
culpability, in order to derive the indicative starting point according to the
following benchmarks:

| Culpability  
---|---  
Low| Moderate| High  
Harm| High| $150,000 to $225,000| $225,000 to $300,000| $300,000 to $500,000  
Moderate| $75,000 to $150,000| $150,000 to $225,000| $225,000 to $300,000  
Low| Up to $75,000| $75,000 to $150,000| $150,000 to $225,000  
  
In the second stage of the framework, the starting sentence should be
calibrated according to offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors:
at [28].

Whether the Framework should apply to other Part 4 offences

8 Provisionally, the same two-stage sentencing approach should in principle
apply to all Part 4 offences punishable under s 50 of the Act. In addition,
where the offender is a body corporate and punishable under s 50(b), the same
benchmarks should apply. Appropriate benchmarks for natural persons punishable
under s 50(a) and for offences for which punishments are otherwise specified
in the Act may be considered and developed in future cases: at [39].

Whether the doctrine of prospective overruling should apply

9 Contrary to the respondent’s contention, the doctrine of prospective
overruling was not applicable. The respondent had not demonstrated a case of
injustice. GS Engineering and MW Group were both relatively recent decisions,
and the mere application of the sentencing frameworks therein in the courts
below did not render them entrenched. The Framework was largely based on
principles similar to those set out in Mao Xuezhong, and the departure from GS
Engineering and MW Group is more akin to a recalibration than a seismic
change. This recalibration would also have been reasonably foreseeable: Mao
Xuezhong was decided in May 2020 and the respondent pleaded guilty in January
2021. There was also no apparent element of reliance: at [42].

The appropriate sentence

10 There was no reason to depart from the District Judge’s findings that the
respondent’s offence involved moderate culpability and high potential harm.
The death of the worker, which the District Judge had identified as an
aggravating factor, was to be accounted for in the consideration of harm at
the first stage of the Framework. There was also no reason to depart from the
mitigating factors identified by the District Judge. Applying the Framework, a
fine of $250,000 was appropriate: at [43] to [47].

11 The Prosecution’s appeal against the sentence meted out by the District
Judge was therefore allowed, and the fine imposed by the District Judge of
$220,000 was substituted with a fine of $250,000: at [49].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Jul 2022 (12:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

