Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 283

Suit No 588 of 2020

Between

Lazarus Century Construction Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

SLH Development Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Debt and Recovery — Existence of debt]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lazarus Century Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  

SLH Development Pte Ltd

  

[2022] SGHC 283

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 588 of 2020  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
24–26 May, 1 August, 18 October 2022

8 November 2022 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 In this action, the plaintiff, Lazarus Century Construction Pte Ltd, claims
that it made a loan of $1.398m (the “Loan”) to the defendant, SLH Development
Pte Ltd (“SLH”), and now seeks the return of the Loan.

2 It is undisputed that the defendant received the aggregate sum of $1.398m
between the period of 17 September 2015 to 12 January 2017, through ten
cheques from the plaintiff. However, the defendant denies that the $1.398m was
a loan from the plaintiff. Instead, the defendant asserts that the $1.398m was
for the repayment of previous loans extended to the plaintiff from the
defendant (the “Defendant’s Loan”).

The Loan

3 Around September 2015, the plaintiff commenced work as the main contractor
for a project at No 10 Lorong G Telok Kurau (the “Project”). The defendant is
the owner of the Project. The Letter of Award for the Project (“LOA”) is dated
9 April 2015. The final contract sum for the Project, which was fully paid by
the defendant, was $2,422,752.51. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chan Kok Chuan’s AEIC dated 5 April 2022 (“Chan AEIC”) at [20].

4 The Loan was allegedly entered into between two persons. One was Mr James
Koh (“James”). The ACRA records indicate that he was a director of the
plaintiff from 2 April 2011 to 29 August 2011 and from 29 April 2014 to 21
August 2014 as well as the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the plaintiff
from 4 March 2015 to 1 February 2016. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed Core Bundle (“ACB”) at p 14.

He was one of the two parties signing on behalf of the plaintiff in respect of
the LOA. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ong Pang Heng Daniel’s AEIC dated 5 April 2022 (“Ong AEIC”) at pp 9–14.

The other party to the Loan was Mr Chan Kok Chuan (“Chan”), the director of
the defendant.

5 The plaintiff’s case is that Chan promised James that he would award two
other projects to the plaintiff and waive the requirement for the plaintiff to
provide a performance bond for the Project and the two other projects, if the
plaintiff could grant interest-free loans totalling around $1.5m to the
defendant from time to time, with the defendant repaying the same upon the
completion of the projects. Mr Li Dan (“Li”), a General Manager of the
plaintiff, testified that Chan promised to repay the Loan upon the
confirmation of final accounts. The statement of final accounts was signed by
Chan on 12 April 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ACB at p 95.

While the Statement of Claim (“SOC”) (Amendment No 3) stated that the final
account was agreed on 8 October 2019, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [6].

Li testified during cross-examination that the final account was agreed upon
by the parties on 12 April 2018 and the loan would consequently, on the
plaintiff’s case, be repayable then. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 23, lines 5–8.

6 As James passed away on 18 January 2021 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ACB at p 259.

, there is no direct testimony from him on the Loan. The plaintiff relies on
the statements of Li and Mr Chua Ming Da (“Chua”), a director of the
plaintiff. They state that James informed them of the Loan sometime at or
around the start of the Project. Li testified that this was around March or
April of 2015. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 19, lines 17–23.

Chua testified that they were told sometime before the start of the Project,
around March 2015. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

25 May 2022 Transcript, p 15, line 24 to p 16, line 13.

Lack of documentary evidence of the Loan

No documentary evidence of the Loan

7 The burden of proof is on the plaintiff to establish the existence of the
Loan. The difficulty that the plaintiff faces, is that none of the plaintiff’s
witnesses were party to the alleged verbal agreement on the Loan and it is
unable to provide any written loan agreement or contemporaneous correspondence
evidencing the Loan. Neither is there any document evidencing any requests
from the plaintiff to the defendant for the repayment of the Loan, prior to
its letter of demand dated 11 May 2020. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ACB at p 187.

The defendant asks that an adverse inference be drawn against the plaintiff
for its lack of documentary evidence to support its claim. However, I am of
the view that the lack of documentary evidence goes towards whether the
Plaintiff is able to prove its case, rather than whether an adverse inference
should be drawn.

Chua’s payment vouchers insufficient to prove the Loan

8 Chua refers to ten payment vouchers signed by him, that describe a loan from
the plaintiff to the defendant for certain amounts. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Chua AEIC at [15], pp 9–17.

These payment vouchers are dated between 2015 and 2016. Chua and Ms Wang Jiao
(“Wang”), who was then an administrative staff of the plaintiff, testified
that these vouchers were prepared by Wang and signed by Chua on or around the
dates of these vouchers. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

25 May 2022 Transcript, p 37, lines 2–12; 25 May 2022 Transcript, p 85 at line
15 to p 86 at line 1.

9 However, these payment vouchers have limited value as documentary evidence,
as none of them have been counter-signed by the defendant. The section in the
payment vouchers stating that the defendant acknowledges receipt is completely
blank. Such payment vouchers cannot be said to be any form of acknowledgement
by the defendant or Chan of the Loan. Neither is there any good explanation
why such payment vouchers were prepared but not counter-signed. In this
regard, it is material that Chua conceded during cross-examination that there
was “no way to independently verify” that the documents were created on the
relevant dates because he did not get Chan to sign them. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

25 May 2022 Transcript, p 37, lines 21–26; 25 May 2022 Transcript, p 38 at
lines 9–32.

On Chua’s evidence, he and the defendant have a good business relationship. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

25 May 2022 Transcript, p 57, lines 19–21.

Having prepared these payment vouchers, the natural next step for Chua would
have been to ask Chan to countersign them, but he did not. Consequently, I do
not find that these payment vouchers, without more, assist in proving the
plaintiff’s case that there was a Loan.

Contradictions in plaintiff’s written correspondence regarding the Loan

10 More importantly, the plaintiff’s case is severely undercut by three sets
of written correspondence from the plaintiff to the defendant and by the
inconsistencies in the evidence of the plaintiff’s witnesses about the Loan.

Winnie’s 17 Nov 16 Email and James’ certification of Account showing Loan from
defendant

11 The first set of written correspondence from the plaintiff is an email
dated 17 November 2016 from Ms Winnie Koh (“Winnie”) (“17 Nov 16 Email”).
Winnie is the daughter of James and was also a director of the plaintiff at
the material time. She was mainly in charge of chasing payments and managing
the internal accounts for the plaintiff. The 17 Nov 16 Email states: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Koh Wei Lin, Winnie’s AEIC dated 5 April 2022 (“Winnie AEIC”) at p 13.

Dear Mr Chan,

For your kind attention for the following attachment “Statement of Accounts
for 10 Lorong G.pdf”.

Kindly send me a copy of Lazarus Century Construction Pte Ltd Cash Advanced
from SLH Development Pte Ltd from Day 1 till now.

…

[emphasis in original]

12 The 17 Nov 16 Email also enclosed a Statement of Account titled “Repayment
for Advance Payment from SLH Development Pte Ltd for Project at 10 Lorong G
Telok Kurau” 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Chan AEIC at [33]–[34] and pp 439–440; Winnie AEIC at pp 14–15.

(“17 Nov 16 Account”). The 17 Nov 16 Account details ten separate payments
from the plaintiff to the defendant amounting to $1.478m. Crucially, these
payments are characterised as repayments to the defendant for advance payments
from the defendant. The plaintiff submits that the 17 Nov 16 Account was only
a draft for discussion, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submission dated 18 October 2022 (“PRS”) at [35].

but there is nothing in the email or the account itself that states that this
was only a draft. The 17 Nov 16 Account is signed on each page, dated 17
November 2016 and stamped with the company stamp of the plaintiff. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Chan AEIC at [37] and pp 439–440.

Li, Chua and Winnie accepted that the signature that appeared at the bottom of
the 17 Nov 16 Account was James’ signature. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

24 May Transcript 2022, p 86, lines 23–31 (Li); May Transcript 2022, p 139,
lines 19–31 (Winnie); 25 May Transcript 2022, p 69, lines 10–13 (Chua).

Li and Chua agreed that by signing and putting the company stamp, James
certified this document to be true and accurate, although they still
maintained the plaintiff’s case. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

24 May Transcript 2022, p 66, lines 26–28; 25 May Transcript, p 60, lines
7–10.

13 The plaintiff submits that since the plaintiff’s witnesses are not in the
position to explain James’ signature, there is no basis for the defendant to
rely on the signature and the company stamp as evidence of the correctness of
the repayment stated in the 17 Nov 16 Account. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 20 September 2022 at [99(b)].

However, the absence of any explanation from the plaintiff does not prevent
the defendant from relying on the 17 Nov 16 Account, which as the plaintiff’s
witnesses testified, was signed by James. On the contrary, the inability of
the plaintiff’s witnesses to explain James’ signature and the company stamp,
undermine the plaintiff’s case.

14 The plaintiff has not shown any correspondence from James, whether in the
form of emails or phone messages, or any minutes of meetings of the plaintiff,
whereby James refuted his certification of the 17 Nov 16 Account.

15 The plaintiff also did not, at any time since the 17 Nov 16 Account was
sent out by the plaintiff to the defendant, assert that James was acting
beyond his authority in so certifying the 17 Nov 16 Account. Neither has the
plaintiff asserted that James’ authority in respect of the Project was
circumscribed.

16 Li sought to downplay James’ role within the plaintiff by asserting that
James was his subordinate 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

24 May Transcript 2022, p 7 lines 26–27.

and was merely a project manager. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

24 May Transcript 2022, p 7 lines 10–13.

However, it is undisputed that the ACRA records indicate that James was a
director of the Plaintiff on the date it was registered and that he was also
the plaintiff’s CEO from 4 March 2015 to 1 February 2016 (see [4] above). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ACB at p 14.

Chua also agreed that James was the plaintiff’s CEO then and not just a
worker. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

25 May 2022 Transcript, p 11 lines 11–16.

Chua also testified that James was authorised to sign the LOA on behalf of the
plaintiff as he was the only one with the company’s stamp and authorisation
letter. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

25 May 2022 Transcript, p 15 lines 6–9.

It is undisputed that James was also the plaintiff’s project manager who is in
charge of the Project. He would hence be the most familiar, amongst the
plaintiff’s staff, with what was owing to or owing from the defendant. He
would also have the authority to request for cash advances from the defendant
on the plaintiff’s behalf and repay such cash advances from the plaintiff’s
account.

17 Given these circumstances, James’ certification of the 17 Nov 16 Account is
greatly damaging to the plaintiff’s case that the $1.398m was transferred to
the defendant, pursuant to the Loan from the plaintiff to the defendant.
James’ certification of the 17 Nov 16 Account indicates the contrary of what
the plaintiff now claims, and in fact supports the defendant’s case that it
was the plaintiff that had taken a loan from the defendant instead.

Winnie’s 15 Feb 17 Email enclosing Account showing Loan from defendant

18 Second, Winnie sent out another email dated 15 February 2017 (“15 Feb 17
Email”), which enclosed a revised Statement of Account, similarly titled
“Repayment for Advance Payment from SLH Development Pte Ltd for Project at 10
Lorong G Telok Kurau” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Chan AEIC at [40] and pp 443–446.

(“15 Feb 17 Account”). The 15 Feb 17 Account details ten separate repayments
from the plaintiff to the defendant, amounting to a reduced aggregate amount
of $1.398m. The plaintiff’s claim in this Suit is for this amount. While the
15 Feb 17 Account was not signed by James, it is substantially similar to the
17 Nov 16 Account, except for one transaction of $130,000 dated 13 September
2016 in the 17 Nov 16 Account 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Chan AEIC at p 444.

which was replaced by another transaction of $50,000 dated 13 January 2017 in
the 15 Feb 17 Account. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Chan AEIC at p 444.

Difficulties with Winnie’s explanations

19 Winnie’s explanation of the 17 Nov 16 and the 17 Nov 16 Account was that
she merely followed Chan’s instructions to provide an updated summary for the
purposes of checking the accounts. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 134 at lines 5–25.

Her explanation only touched on why she did what she did, but does not detract
from James’ certification of the 17 Nov 16 Account.

20 Even then, her explanation raises further questions. Winnie said that she
started her inquiry because Wang showed her some transactions from the
plaintiff’s bank statements and asked if she knew what they were for. In her
affidavit, Winnie testified that she “recognised that these transactions were
for the Loan, which prompted [her] to ask Mr. Chan, over a telephone call on
or around 17 November 2016, about the Defendant’s plans to repay the Loan”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Winnie AEIC at [13]–[19].

21 However, during cross-examination, Winnie said that she was then unaware of
what these transactions were for and asked Chua, Li and James, who informed
her that they were for the Loan. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 122, lines 15–21.

This is inconsistent with what she stated in her AEIC.

22 There are two further aspects of Winnie’s testimony which undermine the
credibility of her explanation.

23 First, on Winnie’s evidence, James told her the payments to the defendant
were for the Loan. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 122, lines 15–21.

But he was also the one who certified that the 17 November 2016 Account was a
repayment for the Defendant’s Loan. His action was the very opposite of what
he allegedly told her.

24 Second, Winnie claimed that she sent out the 17 Nov 16 Account because Chan
asserted on the phone with her that the defendant had provided the Defendant’s
Loan. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Winnie AEIC at [14]–[15].

Chan asked her to prepare an updated summary of the total amount loaned by the
plaintiff to the defendant, and tentatively reflect the amounts as “repayment”
and told her that he would produce proof of the alleged Defendant’s Loan in
due time. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Winnie AEIC at [16].

Winnie explained that she did so as she did not want to argue with Chan, so
she just followed his instructions. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 134, lines 19–25.

25 Winnie accepted that Chan’s request should have struck her as odd. She
explained that at the time, the plaintiff and the defendant were on good
business terms and the plaintiff was expecting the defendant to award 2 more
projects to the plaintiff. Hence, she did not think much of his request. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Winnie AEIC at [17].

26 However, on Winnie’s evidence, Chan was asking Winnie for a document that
stated the very opposite of the plaintiff’s position, without providing any
proof of the Defendant’s Loan. Winnie has an accounting degree from the Royal
Melbourne Institute of Technology. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Winnie AEIC at [6].

While she said that she had just graduated, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 136, lines 1–3.

I am of the view that it would nevertheless have been clear to her that what
she provided was contrary and very detrimental to the plaintiff’s alleged
position of the Loan. It would also have been obvious to her that this
involved a large sum of money. Moreover, she was the one in charge of handling
the plaintiff’s accounts. I find it hard to believe that she would simply
follow Chan’s instructions, when it was directly contradictory and harmful to
her own company’s position, without proof from Chan of the Defendant’s Loan.
She herself accepted that such behaviour was not logical. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 138, lines 5–12.

She also accepted that James, who signed off on the 17 Nov 16 Account, would
have known what the payments were for as the person-in-charge. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 140, lines 1–3.

27 Chan’s account provides a more credible explanation for the 17 Nov 16 Email
and the 17 Nov 16 Account. According to Chan, sometime around November 2016,
he was concerned about recording the Defendant’s Loans. He made an appointment
with James. He met with James and Winnie at the plaintiff’s office on 17
November 2016. Chan and James discussed and recorded the Defendant’s Loans and
the repayments made by the plaintiff to the defendant up to that date. This
led to Winnie’s 17 November 2016 email enclosing the Statement of Account. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Chan AEIC at [30]–[34].

28 The 17 Nov 16 Email did contain a request to Chan to “send [her] a copy of
Lazarus Century Construction Pte Ltd Cash Advanced from SLH Development Pte
Ltd from Day 1 till now”. Winnie testifies that even by 15 February 2017, she
had not received satisfactory proof. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

24 May 2022 Transcript p 142, lines 8–21.

It is all the more puzzling then that she would send the 15 Feb 17 Account,
essentially reiterating in black and white for a second time, a statement of
account that indicated that the monies were repayments from the plaintiff to
the defendant for loans from the defendant, the very opposite of what the
plaintiff now alleges.

29 Winnie’s explanation for this is that Wang prepared the updated summary on
the same template and Winnie did not open the attachment from Wang before she
sent it to Chan, as she was then overseas. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Winnie AEIC at [23]–[26].

30 I do not find this to be a satisfactory explanation. There was nothing
stopping Winnie from doing the simple task of opening up the attachment sent
to her from Wang, to verify that it was the correct document that stated the
correct information. In any event, Wang herself testified that Winnie did not
give her any instructions to change the template that was being used, which
characterised the payments from the plaintiff as repayments to the defendant.
Winnie only asked Wang to change the figures and nothing else. Hence, Wang
simply updated the figures on the existing template, and sent it to Winnie. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

25 May 2022 Transcript, p 99, lines 21–25.

31 As such, I find that Winnie has failed to provide an explanation that would
counter what the 17 Nov 16 Email, 17 Nov Account, 15 Feb 17 Email and 15 Feb
17 Account objectively indicate, which is that the plaintiff made the payments
to the defendant, as repayments for loans from the defendant, and not as part
of the Loan.

James’ email and letter to Chan dated 21 July 2017

32 The third correspondence from the plaintiff that undermines the plaintiff’s
case is an email and letter that James wrote to Chan on 21 July 2017. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Chan AEIC at [42] and pp 447–448.

They reinforce the fact that, as far as James was concerned, he did not take
the view that there were monies owed by the defendant to the plaintiff. James
wrote to Chan in the email saying: “We hope that you can help my company to
overcome this matter. Regarding the repayment, the money will be deducted from
the claim.” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Chan AEIC at p 447.

James’ email enclosed a letter from him to the defendant, to the attention of
Chan. The letter used the plaintiff’s letterhead and was signed off by James
as the manager of the plaintiff. The letter is titled “Requesting for Advance
Loan to complete the project above”. It starts off by listing items that are
still outstanding to pay the plaintiff’s suppliers for the Project. These
include aircon, doors, fire-rated doors, charcoal and timber flooring. The
total amount outstanding to the suppliers is stated as $59,589.13. James then
writes: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Chan AEIC at p 448.

Lazarus Century Construction Pte Ltd is having some tough financial
difficulties. We wish that Mr. Chan would loan us this $50,000 to overcome
this matter.

Sorry for the inconvenience caused and thank you for your understanding.

33 It is puzzling why James would ask for a loan of $50,000 from Chan to pay
the plaintiff’s suppliers for the Project, if indeed the defendant was then
owing the Plaintiff $1.389m. He could instead have asked for repayment of part
of the Loan. Li testified that the terms of the Loan was such that the Loan
was only repayable after the completion of final accounts, and that had not
taken place as of 21 July 2017. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 74, lines 5–28.

Even if this was accepted, the fact remains that when James asked for $50,000,
he asked for a “loan” from Chan, rather than early repayment of the
plaintiff’s loan to the defendant.

34 Moreover, Chua testified that prior to this email, Winnie had asked Chan in
November 2016 about the defendant’s plans to repay the Loan. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Chua’s AEIC at [16].

If the repayment of the Loan had already been discussed with Chan by the time
of this request, there is no explanation why James would not ask for early
repayment or ask Chan when he could make repayment of the Loan. That James
instead asked for a loan of $50,000 from Chan, is in fact contrary to this and
reinforces that there was no Loan from the plaintiff to the defendant. Neither
Li nor Winnie is able to explain why James would do this. They simply say that
it was James who asked. But it is also accepted by them that James was the one
in charge of the Project, on behalf of the plaintiff.

35 James’ letter dated 21 July 2017 to Chan poses another difficulty for the
plaintiff’s case. In his letter, James said that the plaintiff was in “tough
financial difficulties”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ACB at 198.

Winnie also said that by July 2017, the plaintiff found itself in financial
difficulties which posed a problem for the plaintiff to make the necessary
payments to its suppliers. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Winnie AEIC at [32]–[33].

This naturally raises the question of whether the plaintiff had the financial
strength to make an interest free loan to the defendant of $1.398m which was
not repayable, even in part, for around three years. If the plaintiff was
indeed in financial difficulty, it is questionable why it did not call on the
defendant to make repayment of the Loan.

36 Chua, Winnie and Li’s explanation was that the financial difficulties were
only in relation to the project account for the Project and the plaintiff was
financially healthy overall. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 72, line 14 to p 73 line 2; 24 May 2022 Transcript p
155, lines 10–17; 25 May Transcript, p 65, lines 4–9.

Chua said that he did not want to pump more money into the Project. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

25 May Transcript, p 65, lines 6-–7.

However, even if their evidence on this is accepted, it would mean that James
was correct in saying that the plaintiff was in “tough financial
difficulties”, at least in relation to the Project and that this was the
reason he needed to borrow money from Chan for the Project. This reinforces
the defendant’s case, which is that the Defendant’s Loan was extended to the
plaintiff on James’ request, because he needed money to pay off the
plaintiff’s contractors.

37 In summary, there is no documentary evidence from the plaintiff that
supports the existence of the Loan. On the contrary, the documentary evidence
from the plaintiff shows that the plaintiff took a loan from the defendant and
that the payments for $1.398m were repayments from the plaintiff for advances
made by the defendant.

Inconsistencies in Plaintiff’s case

Plaintiff’s inconsistent positions in its claim

38 In addition to the correspondence from James and Winnie, the plaintiff’s
case is also undermined by inconsistencies in the evidence of the plaintiff’s
witnesses about its claim.

39 The plaintiff’s case on the alleged agreement has been markedly
inconsistent. In its first SOC dated 29 June 2020, it claimed an outstanding
balance of $1.19m that was unpaid from the defendant out of the agreed
contract sum of $2.42m. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Statement of Claim dated 29 June 2020 at [5].

In Li’s affidavit filed in support of HC/SUM 727/2021 dated 10 March 2021, the
plaintiff alleged that the payments were made to the defendant as a security
deposit. In its amended SOC dated 28 April 2021, the plaintiff changed its
case to there being a loan of $1.398m to the defendant. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 28 April 2021 at [4].

There was no change of personnel, since Li said he was involved in the Project
from the beginning and was also in charge of the conduct of this Suit. There
is no satisfactory explanation for the three different bases of claims made by
the plaintiff.

40 Neither is there any good explanation for why the plaintiff would have
considered there to be a security deposit placed with the defendant. It is the
plaintiff’s case that Chua and Li knew of the Loan in early 2015. It is also
Chua’s evidence that he prepared ten payment vouchers in 2015 and 2016, at
around the time the monies were transferred from the plaintiff to the
defendant, which were described as “Company loan to SLH Development”, although
they were not counter-signed by Chan. It is also Winnie’s evidence that around
November 2016, Chua, Li and James had told her that the monies transferred to
the defendant were part of the Loan and not repayments for the Defendant’s
Loan.

41 Yet despite their alleged awareness of the existence of the Loan since
early 2015, and despite Chua’s claims that he took concrete steps in 2015 and
2016 to record the Loan, the plaintiff did not pursue its initial claim
against the defendant on the basis of the Loan. Instead, the plaintiff first
sought $1.19m from the defendant as payment of unpaid amounts from the agreed
contract sum. It then asserted that there was a security deposit placed with
the defendant, that should be repaid to the plaintiff. In March 2021, Li
testified in his affidavit filed in response to the Defendant’s application to
set aside default judgment which had been entered in this matter, that: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Li’s affidavit dated 10 March 2021 at [32].

… The Plaintiff confirms that the payments were made to the Defendant as a
security deposit. The common industry conduct is that an unconditional
performance bond needs to be issued to the Owner. In the project, both parties
had a mutual agreement that in order to save cost, the Plaintiff will pay a
security deposit of $1,190,000.00 to the Defendant and the same amount will be
paid back to the Plaintiff upon completion of the project.

42 This is wholly inconsistent with the plaintiff’s evidence that Chua and Li
knew of the Loan since early 2015. It begs the question: Why would the
plaintiff initiate a claim against the defendant on the basis of the return of
a security deposit, when it allegedly knew since 2015 that the monies were the
subject of the Loan, especially given that Chua had recorded vouchers in that
vein and Winnie had asked Chan in November 2016 for repayment of this Loan? 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PBA 85 at [14].

43 Li’s explanation was that in his mind then, a security deposit is the same
as the Loan. However, this explanation is also inconsistent with the
plaintiff’s case and Li’s own evidence, that the plaintiff gave the Loan,
inter alia, because the defendant would waive the need for a $1.5m security
deposit or performance guarantee. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Li AEIC [13].

In other words, the plaintiff’s case is that by providing the Loan, there
would be no need for the plaintiff to provide a security deposit. It is thus
hard to believe that Li would regard a security deposit as being the same as
the Loan when the plaintiff initiated its claim.

Plaintiff’s inconsistent evidence on why it did not seek return of Loan

44 The plaintiff’s case is also undermined by inconsistencies in the evidence
of the plaintiff’s witnesses about why it did not seek the return of the Loan.

45 During cross-examination, Li was queried why the plaintiff did not put in
writing to the defendant that it had also promised two other projects in
return for the Loan, and why after the Loan became repayable on 12 April 2018,
the plaintiff did not write to Chan to seek repayment of the Loan. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 55, lines 20 to p 60 line 2.

46 Li’s explanation was that Daniel Ong (“Ong”) prevented the plaintiff from
communicating directly with the owner of the Project, Chan, throughout the
Project. Li sought to characterise Ong as an intermediary for the defendant
and initially denied that Ong was an employee of the plaintiff. Li testified
that his understanding of an employee was someone with an employment contract,
had a regular salary, and attended the workplace regularly. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 84, lines 29–31.

Ong had none of those things. However, Li admitted that the plaintiff paid CPF
contributions to Ong, and eventually admitted that the plaintiff considered
Ong as its employee on a casual basis until February 2017. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 93, line 29-–31.

47 Thus, on the evidence, Li’s testimony was that the plaintiff’s casual
employee, Ong, prevented the plaintiff from directly communicating with Chan.
Instead, the plaintiff had to communicate through Ong. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 15, lines 16–23.

Li said that if the plaintiff wrote to Chan directly, Ong may feel he is
undercut. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 40 line 31 to p 41 line 6; 24 May 2022 Transcript, p
95 line 23 to p 96 line 3.

48 However, Winnie communicated with Chan directly in November 2016 and March
2017, despite the concerns expressed by Li about bypassing Ong. Winnie also
testified that she was not told that she could not contact Chan directly. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 166, lines 19–22.

She said that she called Chan in November 2016, because Ong was not
contactable then. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 127, lines 9–18.

On Winnie’s evidence, she also met Chan directly in the plaintiff’s office in
March 2017. This was without Ong. She testified that she did not contact Ong
after November 2016. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 16, lines 1–5.

49 Winnie’s direct contact with Chan, on two occasions, without any seeming
concern about undercutting Ong, runs contrary to Li’s evidence that the
plaintiff could not contact Chan directly but had to do so through Ong.

50 Li’s evidence that communication had to go through Ong, is also
inconsistent with the plaintiff’s own Further and Better Particulars. The
plaintiff in response to a query on when and where the defendant made requests
for the Loan, had replied that: “[T]he Defendant’s Mr. Chan made the request
by way of telephone correspondence to the Plaintiff’s late Mr. James Koh.” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Set Down Bundle (“SDB”) at p 53.

51 Li asserted on the stand that the plaintiff’s reply in its Further and
Better Particulars is not correct and maintained that communication was only
between Ong and Chan. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 36 line 26 to p 37 line 18.

However, by Li’s own evidence, the plaintiff had provided untruthful replies
in its Further and Better Particulars. His willingness to deny the truth of
the plaintiff’s particulars in pleadings, raises doubts about the veracity of
the evidence alleged by the plaintiff.

52 This is compounded by Li’s willingness to assert a position that is plainly
contradicted by documentary evidence. Li asserted that he had documentary
proof that the plaintiff chased Chan for the return of the Loan before 2018
and that this is evidenced in Winnie’s email to Chan in November 2016. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 50 line 29 to p 51 line 32.

However, neither Winnie’s email nor her attachment makes such a demand. On the
contrary, her attachment, which is the 17 Nov 16 Account, is a schedule of
repayments by the plaintiff to the defendant for cash advances made by the
defendant. This is clear from the title of the 17 Nov 16 Account, which states
“Repayment for Advance Payment from SLH”. Li’s willingness to assert a
position that is plainly contradicted by the wording of a document from the
plaintiff, together with his willingness to deny the truth of what the
plaintiff had provided in its Further and Better Particulars, in my view,
calls for more care in assessing the credibility of his evidence.

53 There is, hence, no satisfactory explanation why the plaintiff did not ask
for the return of the Loan. The plaintiff also explained that it remained
hopeful that the defendant would award it with the other two projects. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PBA 8 at [20] and PBA 90 at [36].

However, on the plaintiff’s evidence, the Project had completed on 12 April
2018, and the Loan became due then. By 2019, about a year would have gone by
without payment and indication of the two additional projects. The plaintiff
has not indicated on what basis they remained hopeful, such that they did not
ask for repayment of the Loan or any updates about the additional two
projects. Moreover, Li testified that as of 2019, it appeared that Chan was no
longer intending to honor his agreement. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PBA 27 at [25].

Yet, the plaintiff did not make any attempt to convert the verbal agreement to
written form or send a demand for repayment. Instead, the plaintiff waited
till 11 May 2020, when it issued a letter of demand to the defendant.

54 There are also inconsistencies in Winnie’s evidence about the repayment of
the Loan. Winnie said that she requested Chan for repayment when she called
him around November 2016, but she acknowledged that in her 17 November 2016
email, she did not make such a request. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

24 May 2022 Transcript, p 137 lines 4–9.

Neither did she do so in any of her subsequent written communication with
Chan. The plaintiff submits that there was no point for Winnie to do so, as
she was in the midst of giving Chan an opportunity to prove his allegations.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PRS at [22].

Yet, even after he failed to do so, and despite her alleged misgivings about
the lack of proof of the defendant’s advances to the plaintiff, she still did
not send any written communication to follow up to ask for the proof of
advances.

55 The above examination of the plaintiff’s evidence shows that the
plaintiff’s evidential case is very weak, even before the defendant’s evidence
is examined.

The defendant’s evidence

56 The plaintiff makes three main submissions regarding the defendant’s
evidence. First that the Defendant’s Loan is not believable. Second, that Chan
was an evasive witness. Third, Chan’s evidence should be scrutinised because
of his alleged perjury. I now turn to examine the defendant’s evidence.

The Defendant’s Loan

57 The plaintiff submits that its case is more believable, as there are doubts
about the veracity of the Defendant’s Loan. The plaintiff relies on the
following grounds to challenge the credibility of Chan’s testimony:

(a) Chan was not sure of the quantum of the loan. He did not keep proper
records, when a reasonable person giving such a large loan would have done so.

(b) There were discrepancies between Chan’s payment vouchers and the repayment
schedule sent by Winnie to Chan.

(c) It is hard to believe that Chan would disburse loans in cash to James
without any acknowledgement.

(d) Chan’s evidence that he was willing to write off the remainder of what he
loaned the Plaintiff was not believable given the large amount written off.

(e) The defendant’s financial statement should have reflected the Defendant’s
Loan but it did not.

(f) On Chan’s evidence that it was a personal loan from him to James, the
repayment made to the defendant cannot be treated as a repayment of the loan
to the defendant.

(g) It is not inconceivable that Ong received the monies documented in Chan’s
payment vouchers rather than James, given the close relationship between Ong
and Chan.

58 Chan’s evidence is that the Defendant’s Loan arose because Ong and James
had approached him for it. It was James who asked for the cheques to be cash
cheques, as he said that he needed to pay contractors and he could not wait.
Chan, as signatory of the defendant’s bank account, would prepare a cash
cheque for the requested amount. Ong and Chan would proceed to a United
Overseas Bank branch to cash the cheque in. James would then receive the cash.
The plaintiff would at the same time issue a cheque to the defendant for a
certain amount, with which it would be able to repay Chan. The plaintiff would
raise a Project Claim after works were done. After the defendant made payment
of the Project Claim, the defendant would bank in the cheque that had been
issued by the plaintiff, as partial payment of the aggregated loan amounts. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Chan AEIC at [25].

Chan testified that he was initially a little uneasy giving cash and was also
concerned about whether the cash advances would be repaid. However, as he was
given a cheque by the plaintiff in return, this served as a set-off of the
advances he gave against the progress claims. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Chan AEIC at [26].

He also became more assured after the first repayment cheque cleared and thus
continued to make the cash advances. He did not keep proper records as the
defendant only comprised of him, and he did not have any staff. He did however
ask James for a record of the advances made, which resulted in the 17 Nov 16
Email and the 17 Nov 16 Account.

59 Chan testified that James later helped him with the renovation for his
bungalow. While the value of that work did not equate with the remainder of
the debt, he appreciated James’ willingness to work towards repayment of the
debt. He also testified that he was conscious that the plaintiff’s bid was
lower than other main contractors who had tendered for the Project. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1 August 2022 Transcript, p 21, line 29 to p 22 line 9.

He accordingly treated James’ work on the bungalow as sufficient repayment of
the remainder of the Defendant’s Loan.

60 I find that Chan’s explanation satisfactorily addresses the questions posed
by the plaintiff about his mode of providing the loans to James. It is
undisputed that Chan operated without assistance. He had his own system of
organising things, and his own approach to checks and balances. The plaintiff
submits that Chan’s claims are not credible as he did not keep proper record
of the loans he made, but on Chan’s evidence, he had asked James for a list of
the loans made to the plaintiff. This led to Winnie’s email enclosing the 17
Nov 16 Account, which was signed by James and contained the plaintiff’s
company stamp. This serves effectively as Chan’s record of the loan. While the
transfers in Chan’s payment vouchers do not entirely match the payments
reflected in the repayment schedule sent by Winnie, the fact that almost every
transfer matches, supports Chan’s evidence that he had provided such monies as
a loan to the plaintiff. As set out above, it is also important that James
himself, who was the person in charge on the plaintiff’s side, had signed off
and put the company stamp on the 17 Nov 2016 Account that Winnie emailed to
Chan. In doing so, the plaintiff was affirming that the repayments were for a
loan made to the plaintiff.

61 The plaintiff highlights that the defendant’s financial statements for 2015
to 2017 do not indicate any loans from the defendant to the plaintiff and
submits that this supports the plaintiff’s case that there was no Defendant’s
Loan. Chan’s explains that the loan monies “came from company accounts from
director account”, ie, that it was from his own money which does not belong to
the company. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1 August 2022 Transcript, p 47, lines 12–13.

He also testified that the payment vouchers that he signed, did relate to the
Defendant’s Loan. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1 August 2022 Transcript, p 65, lines 7–9 and 16–18.

Documentary evidence shows that cash advances had been made out of the
defendant’s bank account, and not Chan’s personal bank accounts. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

ACB at pp 126–184.

It is undisputed that the defendant is a company that is wholly owned by Chan.
It is dependent ultimately on personal funding by Chan. Where he provides
loans to facilitate the business of the defendant, it is within his power to
subsequently reclaim such monies from the defendant. In my view, Chan has
provided an acceptable explanation for why he did not record the Defendant’s
Loans on the defendant’s financial statements. That James chose to make the
repayments back to the defendant (rather than Chan personally) and titled the
17 Nov 16 Account as repayment for advances made to the plaintiff in relation
to the Project, reinforces Chan’s evidence of the Defendant’s Loan.

62 The plaintiff also submits that the relationship between Ong and Chan is
suspicious, and it is likely that Ong took the monies advanced by Chan, rather
than James or the plaintiff. Ong denies ever having taken loans from Chan.
Chan also asserts that he has never provided personal loans to Ong. During
cross-examination of Ong, the plaintiff referred Ong to a schedule of payment
titled as “Ong Pang Heng Daniel Personal Loans”. Wang testified that this
schedule was prepared by her. She did not know if there were loans from the
defendant to Ong. She simply saw that the monies in the transactions in this
schedule was not received by the plaintiff, and the payment vouchers showed
that Ong received the monies, so she grouped them into another table. The
schedule titled “Ong Pang Heng Daniel Personal Loans” hence does not
constitute documentary evidence that Ong took personal loans. There is thus no
evidence that Ong took the monies documented in Chan’s payment vouchers,
beyond the plaintiff’s pure speculation.

Whether Chan was an evasive witness

63 The plaintiff submits that Chan is not a reliable witness as he tends to be
evasive and tailor his evidence. I do not find this to be so. Chan is 76 years
old and is hard of hearing. He uses a hearing aid. Counsel for the defendant
had highlighted this before the cross-examination began and asked that
questions be put to Chan slowly and clearly. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

26 May 2022 Transcript, p 2, lines 7–13.

There were many occasions where Chan was unable to understand what was being
asked of him by counsel for the plaintiff or was confused by the questions.

Alleged perjury of Chan

64 The plaintiff also submits that Chan’s evidence should be scrutinised
because of Li’s allegation that Chan committed perjury. Li said that he
witnessed Chan and Ong discussing the case at the entrance of the court
building before trial resumed on 26 Mary 2022. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

26 May 2022 Transcript, p 12, lines 7–14.

For context, Ong had completed his evidence on the stand the day before.
However, Chan testified that he did not speak with Ong that morning. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

26 May 2022 Transcript, p 17, lines 6–32.

Li thus filed a police report. As of the date of the parties’ closing
submissions, no charges or legal proceedings has been brought against Chan.

65 The defendant takes the position that Chan had not perjured himself at
trial. Any inconsistencies in his responses to counsel for the plaintiff’s
questioning about the alleged perjury is explainable by Chan’s elderly age and
hearing disability, as well as his clear confusion by the questions, as seen
from the transcript.

66 Even if the plaintiff’s case on this is taken at its highest, and Chan is
eventually found guilty of the alleged perjury, I find that it does not affect
the assessment of the evidence regarding the plaintiff’s case.

67 Preliminarily, the fact that a witness has lied on one or two points does
not mean that all of their evidence must be rejected. The court’s task is to
sieve the evidence and ascertain which parts of it may be accepted: Public
Prosecutor v Singh Kalpanath [1995] 3 SLR(R) 158 at [55]. In the present case,
I find that Chan’s evidence regarding the existence of the Defendant’s Loan
and the absence of the Loan is strongly supported by the plaintiff’s own
documentary evidence.

68 More importantly, even if Chan perjured in respect of whether he saw Ong or
spoke to him on the morning of the hearing, that does not mean that the Loan
existed. Even before Chan’s evidence is considered, I find that the
plaintiff’s case is already substantially undermined by its own documentary
evidence. This is further compounded by the inconsistencies in the evidence of
the plaintiff’s witnesses about its claim and the Loan.

Conclusion

69 Assessing the evidence on the whole, I find that the plaintiff has not
proven that it extended the Loan to the defendant. Instead, the evidence
clearly shows that the payments from the plaintiff were a repayment to the
defendant for monies advanced to the plaintiff from the defendant.
Consequently, the issue of a presumed resulting trust, raised by the
plaintiff, does not arise.

70 The plaintiff had garnished the defendant’s bank account, for the total sum
of $86,355.33. The plaintiff’s position is that in the event the plaintiff’s
claim is dismissed, the sums of $86,355.33 and $300 (bank charges) should be
returned to the defendant. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s Scotts Schedule S/No 3.

In light of my findings above, I order that these sums be returned to the
defendant.

71 In conclusion, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim. The garnished sum of
$86,355.33 and the sum of $300 for bank charges are to be returned to the
defendant. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at [15].

Parties are to agree on costs or file their submissions on costs within seven
days of this judgment.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ashok Kumar Rai and Yeo Wei Ying Jolyn (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the plaintiff;

Yong Shu Wei Christopher and Fong Lin Elizabeth (Legal Solutions LLC) for the
defendant

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Nov 2022 (12:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

