Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 198

Criminal Case No 33 of 2022

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BVR  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

BVR

[2022] SGHC 198

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 33 of 2022  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
27 June 2022

18 August 2022

Ang Cheng Hock J:

Introduction

1 Over the course of 16 years, the accused, BVR, committed a horrific and
depraved campaign of sexual abuse against eight victims, several of whom were
as young as five years of age at the time of the offences.

2 On 27 June 2022, the accused pleaded guilty to, and was convicted of, six
charges of aggravated rape. These charges comprised: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Minute Sheet for HC/CC 33/2022, 27 June 2022 (“Minute Sheet for CC 33”) at
page 2; Schedule of Offences at pages 13–16 and 20.

(a) two charges of aggravated rape perpetrated against the first victim (“V1”)
under s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(3)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed) (the “2008 PC”) (the “46th Charge” and the “47th Charge”
respectively);

(b) two charges of aggravated rape perpetrated against the fourth victim
(“V4”) under s 376(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (the “1985 PC”)
(the “52nd Charge” and the “54th Charge” respectively); and

(c) two charges of aggravated rape perpetrated against the fifth victim (“V5”)
under s 376(2) of the 1985 PC (the “57th Charge” and the “69th Charge”
respectively).

3 Having pleaded guilty to the said six charges, the accused also consented to
have 80 other charges taken into consideration (“TIC”) for the purposes of
sentencing (collectively, the “TIC Charges”). These TIC Charges involved all
eight victims and included, among others: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Minute Sheet for CC 33 at pages 3 and 7–8.

(a) one charge of aggravated rape under s 375(1)(a) punishable under s
375(3)(b) of the 2008 PC;

(b) 12 charges of aggravated rape under s 376(2) of the 1985 PC;

(c) two charges of attempted aggravated rape under s 375(1)(a) punishable
under s 375(3)(b) read with s 511(1) of the 2008 PC;

(d) four charges of attempted aggravated rape under s 376(2) read with s 511
of the 1985 PC;

(e) five charges of committing an unnatural offence under s 377 of the 1985
PC;

(f) 14 charges of using criminal force with intent to outrage modesty under s
354(2) of the 2008 PC;

(g) eight charges of using criminal force with intent to outrage modesty under
s 354 of the 1985 PC; and

(h) 31 charges of committing an indecent act with a child under s 7(a) of the
Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed).

4 After hearing the Prosecution’s submissions on sentence and the accused’s
mitigation plea, I sentenced the accused to an aggregate of 45 years’
imprisonment. I now set out the detailed grounds of my decision.

Background

5 The accused was a male Singaporean who was 54 years of age at the time of
sentencing.

6 From 1998 to 2004, the accused volunteered at two community centres. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at paras 1 and 6.

From 2005 to 2018, he also worked as a part-time tutor for children, including
those with special needs. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at para 8.

The accused represented to the parents of several of the victims, and on his
social media account, that he was a qualified educational therapist with a
graduate diploma in Psychology and a diploma in Learning Disorders Management
and Child Psychology. The accused provided tuition and made those
representations in order to gain access to a ready pool of children, including
children with learning or physical disabilities. However, in truth, the
accused never possessed a graduate diploma in Psychology. Moreover, he only
obtained a diploma in Learning Disorders Management and Child Psychology on 15
October 2012, a course in which he had enrolled on 29 March 2007. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at paras 9 and 67.

The accused was not, at all material times, a qualified educational therapist
nor was he ever employed in the education or childcare sectors. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at para 9.

Facts pertaining to the offences against V1

7 The accused became acquainted with V1’s mother sometime in 2015 when V1 was
six years old. The accused introduced himself as an educational therapist and
gave V1’s mother a name card bearing his name and supposed qualifications. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at para 11.

Following the accused’s representations, V1’s mother engaged the accused to
tutor and conduct speech therapy lessons for V1, who had learning difficulties
and had previously had to undergo speech therapy. The accused developed a
close relationship with V1 and her family, who often invited him to have meals
with them. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at paras 10–11.

8 During the purported tuition and speech therapy sessions which took place at
the accused’s residence, the accused sexually abused V1 on multiple occasions
by taking obscene and naked photographs of V1, applying cream to V1’s vaginal
area, attempting to rape V1, and eventually raping V1. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at para 12.

On five occasions from 2016 to 2017, the accused video recorded himself
attempting to penetrate, and penetrating V1’s vagina with his penis. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at para 13.

The 46th Charge

9 On 5 October 2017 at about 7.07pm, V1 was at the accused’s residence for a
tuition session. The accused instructed V1 to undress and lie on her stomach
on a bed. V1 complied as the accused had, by then, established a pattern of
asking her to undress and lie on the bed under various pretexts. The accused
then used his fingers to pry open V1’s vagina (as the opening was otherwise
too small) and intentionally penetrated V1’s vagina with his penis without her
consent. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF at paras 14 and 17.

In the course of the incident, the accused also rubbed his penis between V1’s
legs when his penis became limp, and against V1’s vagina. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF at para 15.

At some point during the incident, V1 turned her body to her side in an
attempt to prevent the accused from continuing to rape her. After V1 turned
her body to face upwards, a struggle ensued as the accused grabbed her legs
and tried to forcibly turn her around, which V1 resisted. The accused then
rubbed the shaft of his penis against V1’s vagina for a few seconds before he
got up from the bed and turned off the device recording the incident. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 16.

The accused video recorded the incident with his mobile phone and the video
clip lasted 7 minutes and 53 seconds. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF at para 18.

This incident was the subject of the 46th Charge. V1 was eight years old at
the time of the offence, and the accused did not wear a condom when committing
the offence. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF at paras 14 and 17.

The 47th Charge

10 On 15 October 2017 at about 11.18am, V1 was at the accused’s residence for
a tuition session. The accused instructed V1 to undress and lie face down on a
bed. Without V1’s consent, the accused penetrated her vagina with his penis
after prying open her vagina with his fingers, and pushed himself against V1’s
body in a humping motion. In the course of this incident, the accused withdrew
his penis and penetrated V1 twice more. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOF at paras 20–22.

Towards the end of the accused’s sexual assault, V1 was audibly distressed. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOF at para 23.

The accused video recorded the incident with his mobile phone and the video
clip lasted 8 minutes and 52 seconds. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOF at para 24.

This incident was the subject of the 47th Charge. The accused did not wear a
condom when committing the offence. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOF at paras 20 and 22.

Facts pertaining to the offences against V4

11 The accused first became acquainted with V4’s mother sometime before 2001.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOF at para 26.

During a chance encounter in 2005, he falsely represented to her that he had
studied psychology and offered to tutor her son, the eighth victim (“V8”), who
was V4’s brother. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOF at para 27.

V4’s mother accepted the accused’s offer following his representation. In
2006, V4’s mother told the accused about V4’s history of learning and hearing
difficulties. The accused then offered to tutor V4 at no cost at V4’s
residence, which V4’s mother accepted. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOF at para 28.

12 The accused gradually built up a close-knit relationship with V4, V8 and
their mother. The accused financially provided for their family, and helped to
care for V4 and V8 whenever they were sick or their mother was busy. In 2007,
the accused entered into a relationship with V4’s mother and moved into their
residence. Subsequently in 2010, V4, V8 and their mother moved to reside with
the accused at his residence. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOF at para 29.

Until 2015 when the accused’s relationship with V4’s mother ended, the accused
treated V4 and V8 as if they were his biological children – he looked after
them and brought them for meals, movies and outings. According to V4’s mother,
V4 was closer to the accused than she was to her biological father. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOF at paras 29–30.

The accused committed various sexual offences against V4 from 2006 to 2007,
including taking obscene photographs of V4, outraging V4’s modesty by rubbing
his penis against V4’s exposed vagina, and raping V4 on four occasions. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOF at para 31.

The 52nd Charge

13 On 12 February 2007 at about 2.44pm, when the accused was alone with V4 in
the children’s room at V4’s residence, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOF at para 33.

he had sexual intercourse with V4 without her consent. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOF at para 37.

The accused undressed V4, instructed her to lie on the bed face up, pried open
her vagina with his fingers and intentionally penetrated V4’s vagina with his
penis while pushing his body against her in a humping motion. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOF at paras 33–34.

When V4 protested, the accused warned her to behave. Thereafter, the accused
climbed on top of V4 and rubbed his penis against the exterior of V4’s vagina
violently. In the course of this incident, the accused penetrated V4’s vagina
a total of six times. The accused also rubbed his penis against V4’s vagina,
licked V4’s vagina, and kissed V4 on her face, chest and lips. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOF at paras 34–36.

When V4 started crying, the accused scolded her for acting up. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOF at para 36.

The accused recorded the entire incident with a video camera. The video clip
lasted 22 minutes and 4 seconds, and the accused’s offence took up about 15
minutes and 45 seconds of the video. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOF at para 38.

This incident formed the subject of the 52nd Charge. At the time of the
offence, V4 was only five years old. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOF at para 33.

The accused did not use a condom during the commission of the offence. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOF at para 37.

The 54th Charge

14 On 30 March 2007 at about 11.30am, at V4’s residence, the accused again had
sexual intercourse with V4 without her consent. The accused stripped V4 of her
shorts and panties, and pushed her onto a bed. He then proceeded to penetrate
V4’s vagina with his penis. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOF at paras 40–41.

When the accused turned V4’s body such that she was face down on the mattress,
V4 cried and struggled, twitching her body from side to side. In response, the
accused admonished her, and forcefully pinned her down as she tried to escape
his grasp. He then lay on top of her and penetrated her vagina with his penis
again. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOF at paras 41–42.

The accused subsequently moved into a kneeling position and penetrated her
vagina for a third time. At one juncture, when V4 tried to resist the accused,
the accused forcibly pinned her down on the mattress and pushed himself
against her even more violently. When V4 kicked her legs in the air, the
accused turned himself and V4 to the left and penetrated her vagina with his
penis once more while using both his legs to restrain V4 from kicking. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOF at para 43.

15 The accused then positioned V4 on top of himself and penetrated her vagina
with his penis a fifth time, before pushing her back onto the bed facing
downwards and penetrating her vagina from behind a sixth time. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOF at para 44.

Finally, the accused turned V4’s body around, spread her legs, and penetrated
her for the seventh time. He also told V4 to keep quiet as she continued to
cry. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOF at para 45.

16 The accused once again used a video camera to record a video clip of his
sexual transgressions, which lasted about 17 minutes and 49 seconds. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOF at para 47.

This incident formed the subject of the 54th Charge. The accused did not wear
a condom while committing the offence. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOF at para 46.

Facts pertaining to the offences against V5

17 The accused got to know V5 sometime in 2002 or 2003 when she participated
in dance activities at the community centre where the accused was an
instructor. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOF at para 49.

The accused knew V5’s mother and shared a close relationship with V5’s family.
Eventually, the accused approached V5’s mother and offered to tutor V5, which
V5’s mother accepted. Outside of activities at the community centre, the
accused frequently brought V5 to watch movies or play at the arcade. During
these outings, the accused would often take V5 to a toilet to sexually abuse
her, for instance, by forcing her to fellate him and ultimately raping her.
The accused also sexually abused V5 at the dance studio of the community
centre. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOF at para 50.

18 Significantly, the accused placated V5 by buying her many gifts, including
a computer. He instructed her after each occasion of sexual assault not to
tell anyone about those incidents. V5 complied with the accused’s instructions
as she was worried that her parents would need to pay the accused for the
gifts if she did not obey him. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOF at para 62.

The 57th Charge

19 On 9 June 2002 at about 4.36pm, the accused had sexual intercourse with V5
without her consent. The accused brought V5 to a toilet cubicle in a shopping
mall and instructed her to lie naked on the floor before blindfolding her with
a towel. He proceeded to force V5’s vagina open and intentionally penetrated
V5’s vagina with his penis. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOF at paras 52–53.

The accused then penetrated V5’s mouth with his penis (which was the subject
of one of the TIC Charges), before attempting to penetrate her vagina again.
Thereafter, the accused manoeuvred V5’s body into a kneeling position before
rubbing the shaft of his penis against the opening of V5’s anus. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SOF at paras 53–54.

The incident was recorded by the accused with a video camera, and based on the
video recording, the offence lasted about 10 minutes and 30 seconds. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOF at para 55.

This incident formed the subject of the 57th Charge. V5 was only five years
old at the material time, and the accused did not use a condom throughout the
commission of the offence. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOF at paras 52 and 55.

The 69th Charge

20 On 16 March 2003 at about 4.08pm, the accused had sexual intercourse with
V5 without her consent. The accused instructed V5 to lie naked over a stack of
blue foam padding in the dance studio of the community centre where he
volunteered. He approached V5 from behind, pried open her vagina with his
fingers and penetrated V5’s vagina with his penis. Shortly after, the accused
blindfolded V5 with a cloth and proceeded to rub his penis against V5’s
buttocks. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SOF at paras 57–58.

The accused then rubbed his penis against V5’s vagina before inserting his
penis into her mouth, and stopping to kiss her lips. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOF at para 59.

Finally, the accused spread V5’s legs apart, and rubbed his penis against her
vagina until he ejaculated on her vaginal region. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOF at para 60.

The accused recorded the incident with a video camera, and the offence lasted
about 10 minutes. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOF at para 61.

This incident formed the subject of the 69th Charge. The accused did not wear
a condom when committing the offence. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

SOF at paras 57 and 61.

The accused’s arrest

21 On 3 June 2018, the complainant purchased a used laptop from the accused.
On 7 June 2018 at about 9.00pm, when attempting to transfer some personal
photographs onto the laptop, the complainant clicked on a red notification
icon which resulted in a number of obscene photographs and videos being
imported from a cloud drive into the laptop’s internal memory. Those
photographs and videos depicted the accused sexually assaulting various
children. The complainant lodged a police report on 10 June 2018. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

SOF at para 5.

In a sense, the discovery of the accused’s offences was highly fortuitous. The
accused might never have been apprehended but for the complainant purchasing
the laptop from him, seeing the obscene photographs and videos, and informing
the authorities.

22 On 11 June 2018 at about 8.50pm, the accused was arrested by a party of
police officers. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

SOF at para 64.

Obscene photographs and videos capturing the accused’s sexual assault on the
eight victims were subsequently found at the accused’s residence. The accused
admitted that, after recording the various video clips with his mobile phone
or video camera, he would connect the mobile phone or video camera to his
laptop and transfer the said video clips into external hard discs. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

SOF at para 65.

23 Two pairs of children’s underwear (belonging to V4) were also found in the
accused’s bedside drawer. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOF at para 66.

Following the accused’s arrest, a report prepared by the Health Sciences
Authority dated 17 December 2018 (the “HSA Report”) revealed that semen and
DNA matching that of the accused was found on several soft toys and underwear
belonging to V1. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

SOF at para 85 and Annex N.

The applicable sentencing framework

24 In Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence
Ng”), the Court of Appeal laid down a two-step sentencing approach for rape
(at [39] and [73]):

(a) First, the court should identify which band the offence falls within,
having regard to the factors which relate to the manner and mode by which the
offence was committed as well as the harm caused to the victim (ie, the
offence-specific factors). Having identified a sentencing band, which defines
the range of sentences which may usually be imposed for a case with those
offence-specific factors, the court should then derive an “indicative starting
point” which reflects the intrinsic seriousness of the offending act, by
determining precisely where within the sentencing band the particular offence
falls.

(b) Second, the court should have regard to the aggravating and mitigating
factors which are personal to the offender to calibrate the appropriate
sentence for that offender (ie, the offender-specific factors). These factors
relate to the offender’s particular personal circumstances. In exceptional
cases, the court may depart from the prescribed range for that band if, in its
view, the particular case warrants such a departure.

25 The range of sentences prescribed for each sentencing band was also set out
in Terence Ng:

(a) Band 1 comprises cases of rape at the lower end of the spectrum of
seriousness with no offence-specific aggravating factors or where those
factor(s) are only present to a very limited extent and therefore should have
a limited impact on sentence. Such cases attract sentences of ten to 13 years
of imprisonment and six strokes of the cane (at [50] and [73(b)(i)]).

(b) Band 2 comprises cases of rape of a higher level of seriousness usually
with two or more offence-specific aggravating factors. Such cases attract
sentences of 13 to 17 years of imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane (at
[53] and [73(b)(ii)]).

(c) Band 3 comprises extremely serious cases of rape by reason of the number
and intensity of offence-specific aggravating factors. Such cases attract
sentences of 17 to 20 years of imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane (at
[57] and [73(b)(iii)]).

26 I noted that the sentencing ranges prescribed for the offence of aggravated
rape under s 375(1)(a) read with of s 375(3)(b) the 2008 PC and s 376(2) of
the 1985 PC are the same – imprisonment for a term of not less than eight
years and not more than 20 years and not less than 12 strokes of the cane.
Thus, the framework in Terence Ng (which was decided in the context of the
2008 PC) was applicable to the six proceeded charges in the present case,
notwithstanding that the six proceeded charges comprised a combination of
charges under both the 2008 PC and the 1985 PC.

27 As the accused was over 50 years old at the time of sentencing, he could
not be punished with caning pursuant to s 325(1)(b) of the Criminal Procedure
Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “CPC”). The Prosecution did not submit that the
court should impose a period of imprisonment in lieu of caning. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions (“PSS”) at para 60.

Submissions on sentence

28 In applying the first step of the Terence Ng framework, the Prosecution
submitted that all six of the proceeded charges listed above at [2] fall
within the low to middle range of Band 3 of the Terence Ng framework due to
the number and intensity of offence-specific aggravating factors present in
this case. In particular, the Prosecution submitted that the following six
aggravating factors in the present case gave rise to an indicative starting
point of 17 to 18 years’ imprisonment: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PSS at para 26.

(a) there was forcible penetration of victims below 14 years of age;

(b) there was egregious abuse of the accused’s position and breach of trust;

(c) there was exploitation and rape of vulnerable victims;

(d) the accused had video recorded the sexual offences and used threats on the
victims;

(e) there was a significant degree of premeditation and deception of the
victims and their family members; and

(f) the victims were exposed to the risk of contracting sexually transmitted
diseases.

29 As to the second step of the Terence Ng framework, the Prosecution
identified two relevant offender-specific factors. First, the accused had
consented to 80 charges being TIC for the purpose of sentencing, which was an
aggravating factor. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PSS at para 47.

Second, the accused’s plea of guilt should carry some mitigating weight. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PSS at para 52.

However, the Prosecution contended that any mitigatory effect of the accused’s
plea of guilt was ultimately nullified, if not outweighed by the aggravating
weight attached to the accused’s TIC Charges. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PSS at paras 53–59.

Accordingly, it was submitted that each charge should attract a sentence of at
least 17 to 18 years’ imprisonment. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PSS at para 59.

30 Finally, the Prosecution contended that three out of the six proceeded
charges should be ordered to run consecutively. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PSS at para 61–62.

However, the Prosecution submitted that an aggregate sentence of 51 to 54
years’ imprisonment (based on a sentence of 17 to 18 years’ imprisonment per
charge) would offend the totality principle espoused in Mohamed Shouffee bin
Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Mohamed Shouffee”). Thus, the
Prosecution submitted that the sentence for each charge should be calibrated
downward to 15 years’ imprisonment, thereby resulting in an aggregate sentence
of 45 years’ imprisonment. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PSS at paras 65–67.

31 The Defence did not make any specific submissions in relation to either
step of the Terence Ng framework. However, the Defence submitted that an
aggregate sentence of 45 years’ imprisonment would be crushing, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plea in Mitigation (“Mitigation Plea”) at paras 8–9.

and sought instead an aggregate sentence of 36 to 40 years’ imprisonment by
virtue of the following mitigating factors:

(a) the accused had pleaded guilty early, readily admitted to the offences and
fully co-operated with the authorities, thereby saving them much time and
effort; 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mitigation Plea at para 5.

(b) the accused was genuinely remorseful; 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mitigation Plea at para 7.

(c) the accused was a first-time offender with a clean criminal record; 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mitigation Plea at para 6.

and

(d) a sentence of 45 years’ imprisonment would be crushing and excessive as
the accused was already 54 years of age. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Mitigation Plea at para 9.

Decision

General sentencing considerations

32 I begin by outlining the general sentencing principles applicable to the
offence of rape. Rape is an inherently odious and reprehensible act which
almost invariably inflicts immeasurable and irreparable harm on a victim:
Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“NF”) at [46]. In light of the
grave and heinous nature of rape, the primary sentencing considerations should
be the need for retribution, the protection of the public and general
deterrence: Lim Ghim Peow v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 1287 at [39] and
[52], cited in Chang Kar Meng v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 68 (“Chang Kar
Meng”) at [35]. In the psychiatric report prepared by the Institute of Mental
Health dated 24 August 2018 (the “IMH Report”), the accused was diagnosed with
paedophilic disorder and was identified to be at “very high risk of repeated
sexual offending against young female victims”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOF at para 83 and Annex M at paras 17(a) and 17(e).

The sentence meted out must therefore not only adequately punish the accused
for what he has done, but also prevent him from further sexual offending.

33 General deterrence is a highly relevant sentencing consideration when
sentencing offenders who have committed rape, especially where such offenders
have exploited a relationship of trust or position of authority in order to
gratify their sexual impulses: Lim Hock Hin Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998]
1 SLR(R) 37 (“Kelvin Lim”) at [25(a)] and NF at [42]. As the Prosecution
rightly pointed out, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PSS at paras 11–12.

although the accused was not the biological father of any of the victims, he
had methodically cultivated a relationship of trust and authority between
himself and the victims and their family members.

34 Specific deterrence similarly features as an important sentencing
consideration in this case in light of the long period of time over which the
accused’s offences were committed: Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala
Waduge Malitha Kumar [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 at [43]. Indeed, the fact that the
accused’s sexual abuse persisted over a period of 16 years was indicative of
the fact that the accused was a recalcitrant and habitual offender. Moreover,
as elaborated on below at [41]–[44], the offences were conducted in a highly
premeditated manner. Such premeditation made it apparent that the accused had
made a conscious choice to commit the various offences, which necessitated the
consideration of specific deterrence in the eventual sentence imposed: Public
Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [22].

35 With these general sentencing considerations in mind, I applied the two-
step sentencing framework set out in Terence Ng (see above at [24]).

The first step of the Terence Ng framework

36 As the offence-specific aggravating factors applicable to the offences
committed against V1, V4 and V5 overlap substantially, I will discuss them
collectively.

37 I found that there were five offence-specific aggravating factors in the
present case, which I explain in turn:

(a) the accused abused a position of authority and the trust reposed in him by
the victims and their families;

(b) the offences involved a significant degree of premeditation;

(c) the accused raped vulnerable victims who were well below the age of 14;

(d) the accused video recorded his sexual offences; and

(e) the accused exposed the victims to the risk of contracting sexually
transmitted diseases.

Abuse of authority and trust

38 First, the accused grossly abused his position of authority over the
victims, and violated the trust reposed in him by the victims and their
families. As stated in Terence Ng at [44(b)], where the offender stands in a
position of responsibility towards the victim (for instance where the offender
and victim are in a teacher-pupil relationship), or where the victim has
placed his/her trust in the offender, a dual wrong is occasioned when the
offender rapes the victim: he has not only committed a serious crime, but has
also violated the trust placed in him by society and the victim. In the
present case, the accused provided tuition to V1, V4 and V5, and also
purported to conduct speech therapy lessons for V1. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOF at paras 11, 28 and 50.

The accused thereby placed himself in a position of trust and authority over
the victims by virtue of their tutor-student relationship, the abuse of which
has been accepted as an aggravating factor: see Public Prosecutor v Lim Beng
Cheok [2003] SGHC 54 at [64].

39 The accused also fostered intimate relationships with the victims and their
families by caring for the victims and financially providing for them. The
accused looked after V4 and V8 as if they were his own children, bringing them
out for meals and movies and taking care of them when they fell sick, which
led to V4 being closer to the accused than to her biological father. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

SOF at para 30.

The accused even developed a romantic relationship with V4’s mother in 2007.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOF at para 29.

The accused also cultivated close relationships with the families of V1 and
V5, with V1’s family often inviting the accused to have meals with them. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOF at paras 11 and 50.

In the same vein, the accused created a position of authority over V5 by
bringing her to the movies and the arcade, and buying gifts (including a
computer) for her. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOF at paras 50 and 62.

The accused instructed V5 not to divulge his sexual transgressions against
her, which V5 complied with as she was worried that her parents would need to
pay the accused for the gifts she had received from him. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOF at para 62.

40 In cases where victims are sexually abused by figures in whom they repose
significant trust, deterrence becomes a particular concern due to the
“difficulty in the detection of the offences and the considerable barriers
faced by the victim in reporting them”: GBR v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2018] 3 SLR 1048 (“GBR”) at [29(c)]. While the observations in GBR
were made in the context of sexual abuse in an intra-familial setting, they
apply with equal force in this case given that the victims would have faced
considerable difficulty in exposing the wrongdoings of the accused in whom the
victims and their families trusted deeply.

Premeditation

41 Second, the extent of planning and premeditation involved in the accused’s
offences was an aggravating factor as it “evince[d] a considered commitment
towards law-breaking and therefore reflect[ed] greater criminality”: Terence
Ng at [44(c)].

42 The accused engineered opportunities to be alone with his victims under the
guise of providing tuition or speech therapy for them. To that end, the
accused falsely represented to the parents of several of his victims that he
was a qualified educational therapist in order to induce them into accepting
his offers to tutor the victims, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SOF at paras 9, 11 and 27.

even to the extent of giving V1’s mother a name card bearing his name and
supposed qualifications (see [7] above). He even offered to tutor V4 at no
cost. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SOF at para 28.

43 The accused also carefully orchestrated his offences to prevent himself
from being caught. For instance, he tutored V4 in the children’s room behind
closed doors and instructed V4’s mother to sit outside on the pretext of
preventing her from affecting V4’s learning. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

SOF at para 29.

Similarly, the offences against V5 were committed in a toilet cubicle of a
shopping mall and the dance studio of the community centre while he was alone
with V5. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SOF at paras 52 and 57.

To my mind, the accused’s conduct clearly demonstrated that he had not
committed the various sexual offences in the spur of the moment. Instead, it
appeared to me that the accused had planned the timing and location of his
offences such that he would have excuses or opportunities to be alone with his
victims, thereby preventing his sexual abuse from being discovered.

44 The premeditated nature of the accused’s offending was also evident from
the following:

(a) The accused placed himself in a position where he would have access to
young children by volunteering at community centres and participating in
activities involving children and youth. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SOF at paras 6, 26 and 49.

(b) The accused admitted to establishing a pattern of asking V1 to undress and
lie on a bed under various pretexts to condition V1 into accepting such
requests as normal, before eventually raping her. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SOF at para 14.

Rape of vulnerable victims well below the age of 14

45 Third, the rape of vulnerable victims, particularly those below 14 years of
age, is an especially heinous offence which should attract harsher sentences
to deter would-be offenders from preying on such victims: Terence Ng at
[44(e)] and [44(f)]. I note that the provisions under which the proceeded
offences are punishable (ie, s 375(3)(b) of the 2008 PC and s 376(2) of the
1985 PC) already provide for enhanced punishments for the rape of victims
below the age of 14. However, the aggravating factor of young age would apply
to enhanced offences if the victims concerned were materially younger than the
stipulated age ceiling, and in a gradated manner depending on how much younger
the victims were: GBR at [29(f)].

46 In the present case, V1 was eight years old at the time of the offences in
the 46th Charge and 47th Charge, whilst V4 and V5 were only five years old at
the time of the offences in the 52nd Charge and the 54th Charge, and the 57th
Charge and the 69th Charge respectively. Given that the victims were much
younger than the stipulated age ceiling of 14 years in s 375(3)(b) of the 2008
PC and s 376(2) of the 1985 PC, I accorded considerable aggravating weight to
this factor. Indeed, one of the aggravating factors which the court in Terence
Ng considered in classifying Public Prosecutor v ABJ [2010] 2 SLR 377 (“ABJ”)
as a Band 3 case was the “extreme youth” of the victim in that case who was
eight years old when the sexual abuses started (see Terence Ng at [59]).

47 The victims’ vulnerability was also exemplified in their inability to
resist the accused’s sexual abuse. The victims’ protestations of pain and
unwillingness were to no avail. During the commission of the offences against
V4 in the 52nd Charge and the 54th Charge, V4 cried and protested. In
response, the accused either warned her to behave and keep quiet or admonished
her for not obeying his instructions, before proceeding with his sexual abuse.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

SOF at paras 34, 42 and 45.

Similarly, V1 and V4 resisted and struggled in the course of the offences in
the 46th Charge and the 54th Charge. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOF at paras 16 and 42–43.

However, the accused forcibly subdued them, rendering them powerless to resist
his sexual transgressions. It was also significant that the accused knew that
V1 and V4 had learning difficulties. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

SOF at paras 10–11 and 28.

Video recording of the sexual offences

48 Fourth, the video recording of the sexual assault of one’s victims is an
aggravating factor as such conduct allows offenders to repeatedly rewatch
their offences for their own perverted pleasure and creates the risk of the
recordings being circulated: Public Prosecutor v Azuar Bin Ahamad [2014] SGHC
149 (“Azuar”) at [112]. In the present case, the accused took numerous obscene
photographs and videos of the victims and video recorded the offences in the
proceeded charges. I also noted that V5 had stated in her Victim Impact
Statement that her fear of the videos of her being circulated online
exacerbated her anxiety caused by the accused’s sexual offences. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

SOF at Annex A, Section C.

Risk of contracting sexually transmitted diseases

49 Finally, the failure to use a condom is a further aggravating factor for it
exposes victims of rape to the risk of contracting sexually transmitted
diseases and unwanted pregnancy: Chang Kar Meng at [21(b)]. Here, as mentioned
above at [9], [10], [13], [16], [19] and [20], the accused did not use a
condom in any of the offences in the proceeded charges.

The indicative starting point

50 Having considered the number and intensity of the offence-specific
aggravating factors in this case, I agreed with the Prosecution that all six
proceeded charges fell within Band 3 of the Terence Ng framework. To my mind,
the accused’s acts were utterly abhorrent and vicious, and presented
themselves as extremely serious cases of rape. The various offences
constituted a “campaign of rape” that involved victims with “particularly high
degrees of vulnerability”: Terence Ng at [57]. In the circumstances, there was
a compelling public interest in meting out a lengthy sentence to protect the
public, to specifically deter the accused, and to mark society’s condemnation
for the execrable nature of the offences (see Terence Ng at [57]). In
particular, I found that all six proceeded charges fell within the middle of
Band 3 of the Terence Ng framework. Accordingly, under the first step of the
Terence Ng framework, I found that an indicative starting sentence of 18
years’ imprisonment for each charge was appropriate.

The second step of the Terence Ng framework

51 The second step of the Terence Ng framework involves calibrating the
indicative starting sentence based on the factors which are specific to the
offender in question (see above at [24(b)]). Relevant offender-specific
factors include: (i) the offences TIC for the purposes of sentencing; (ii) the
presence of relevant antecedents; (iii) whether there is an evident lack of
remorse; and (iv) mitigating factors such as an early plea of guilt: Terence
Ng at [64] and [65]. As the advanced age of an offender was a concern for the
overall proportionality of punishment (Terence Ng at [65(c)]), I considered
the accused’s age in relation to whether the aggregate sentence would offend
the totality principle (see [63]–[68] below).

Offences TIC for the purposes of sentencing

52 A court will normally increase a sentence where the TIC offences are of a
similar nature: Terence Ng at [64(a)]. In the present case, the accused
consented for 80 charges to be TIC for the purposes of sentencing. Out of
those 80 TIC Charges, 24 of them involved penetrative and attempted
penetrative sexual offences, whilst 22 of them involved outrage of modesty
(see [3] above). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PSS at para 50; Arraigned Charges.

Another 31 charges pertained to committing indecent acts against children. In
the premises, the sheer magnitude of the TIC Charges which are of a similar
nature to the six proceeded charges justified an uplift of the indicative
starting sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment.

53 I noted that, where the court is dealing with multiple sentences, the
sentencing judge must be vigilant to ensure that aggravating factors are not
counted against the accused twice over. In this regard, it has been emphasised
that the same TIC Charges should not be relied upon as a basis for increasing
the sentences for more than one charge, as that might otherwise amount to
double counting (see Muhammad Sutarno bin Nasir v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2
SLR 647 at [17]).

54 However, it is well established that sentencing is not a scientific
exercise requiring mathematical precision, and a mathematical approach to
sentencing, which is impractical and unduly constrains the sentencing judge,
should be eschewed: Lee Shing Chan v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2020] 4 SLR 1174 at [34]. Instead, a holistic approach to sentencing should
be adopted. In the present case, the staggering amount of TIC Charges is an
aggravating factor for it showed that the accused was a habitual (as opposed
to a one-time) sex offender and this could only be sensibly taken into account
by considering the TIC Charges in the round. For that reason, it would have
been artificial to mathematically divide the relevant TIC Charges and
apportion a sixth of the TIC Charges to each of the six proceeded charges in
determining the appropriate sentence. Indeed, I noted that this approach was
not suggested by the Prosecution or the Defence.

55 Instead, I holistically considered the aggravating weight to be attached to
all of the relevant TIC Charges, and applied a general uplift to the sentence
for each of the six proceeded charges.

Relevant antecedents

56 Although the accused did not have any relevant antecedents, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Mitigation Plea at para 6.

he could not sensibly be regarded as a first-time offender. A distinction must
be drawn between those who break the law for the first time and those who have
flouted the law with impunity for years and are finally caught and charged for
the first time: Public Prosecutor v Koh Seah Wee and another [2012] 1 SLR 292
at [56]. Moreover, it has been observed that the court should be extremely
reluctant to regard offenders who have been charged with multiple offences as
first-time offenders: Chen Weixiong Jerriek v Public Prosecutor [2003] 2
SLR(R) 334 at [17]. The accused here had committed a multitude of sexual
offences against multiple victims over a span of 16 years – it would have been
unjust to regard him as a first-time offender and accordingly award him a
sentencing discount despite his deliberate efforts to avoid detection and
escape the law for such a prolonged period of time. In any event, the absence
of relevant antecedents was not a valid mitigating factor, but merely the
absence of an additional aggravating factor: Kunasekaran s/o Kalimuthu
Somasundara v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 580 at [65]. Accordingly, I
attached no weight to the absence of relevant antecedents on the accused’s
part.

The accused’s plea of guilt

57 The Defence recognised that the only mitigating factor on the facts was the
accused’s plea of guilt and co-operation with the authorities. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Mitigation Plea at paras 5 and 8.

The mitigating weight to be given to a timely plea of guilt would depend on
whether it was indicative of genuine remorse as well as the positive
consequences that the guilty plea would have in relation to the administration
of justice and the victim: NF at [57]; Chang Kar Meng at [46]. Therefore,
where an offender has no choice but to plead guilty due to the overwhelming
strength of the evidence against him, that guilty plea should not be accorded
significant mitigatory weight: Public Prosecutor v Lee Ah Choy [2016] 4 SLR
1300 at [44]; Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127 at [74]. In the present
case, there were video recordings of the accused committing the various sexual
offences against V1, V4 and V5 in the proceeded charges. The HSA Report also
indicated that semen and DNA belonging to the accused was found on various
exhibits belonging to V1 (see [23] above). 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

SOF at para 85, Annex N.

In the premises, I found that the accused had little choice but to plead
guilty to the six charges of aggravated rape and I could not conclude, based
on his plea of guilt, that he was genuinely remorseful.

58 On the contrary, there were indications that the accused was anything but
remorseful. The IMH Report reflected that during the accused’s psychiatric
assessment, the accused: (i) was evasive about his commission of the sexual
offences; (ii) denied having any intention to penetrate any of the victims
with his penis; and (iii) provided inconsistent accounts of the offences and
claimed to have selective memory loss. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

SOF at para 81 and Annex M at para 12.

The accused also appeared to have fabricated the production of psychotic
symptoms with the intention of trying to minimise his criminal responsibility
for his offences. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

SOF at para 81 and Annex M at paras 12 and 17(f).

I was of the view that the accused’s conduct during his psychiatric assessment
belied any remorse that his plea of guilt might have conveyed.

59 Be that as it may, I accorded slight mitigatory weight to his plea of guilt
out of recognition that it had spared the victims the emotional ordeal of
having to testify against him in court, and had saved judicial time and
resources (see Chang Kar Meng at [47] and Terence Ng at [68] and [73(c)]).

The appropriate sentence for each charge

60 Having considered the various offender-specific factors, I agreed with the
Prosecution that any mitigatory weight accorded to the accused’s plea of guilt
was substantially outweighed by the aggravating factors. I therefore found
that the appropriate sentence to be imposed for each of the six proceeded
charges was 19 years’ imprisonment.

Determining the aggregate sentence

61 Finally, I had to determine how the six sentences for the proceeded charges
should run and the global sentence to be imposed. This involved applying the
one-transaction rule and the totality principle (see generally, Public
Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 (“Raveen Balakrishnan”) at
[98]). The Prosecution submitted that the sentences for the 46th Charge
(concerning V1), the 52nd Charge (concerning V4), and the 57th Charge
(concerning V5) ought to run consecutively, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PSS at para 62; Minute Sheet for CC 33 at page 4.

which the Defence did not challenge. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Mitigation Plea at para 8.

62 As a general rule, sentences for unrelated offences should run
consecutively while sentences for offences that form part of a single
transaction should run concurrently: Raveen Balakrishnan at [41] and [98(b)].
This is subject to s 307(1) of the CPC, which provides that where a person is
convicted and sentenced to imprisonment for at least three distinct offences,
the sentences for at least two of those offences must be ordered to run
consecutively. Whether the offences are distinct and unrelated is determined
by considering whether they involved a single invasion of the same legally
protected interest: Raveen Balakrishnan at [98(b)]. In the present case, the
offences in the 46th Charge, the 52nd Charge and the 57th Charge did not
constitute a single invasion of the same legally protected interest and were
thus distinct and unrelated – each offence involved different victims and took
place on a different date, and therefore did not form part of the same
transaction (see Mohamed Shouffee at [28]–[31]; Raveen Balakrishnan at [69]).
Accordingly, it was not inconsistent with the one-transaction rule for the
sentences for the 46th Charge, the 52nd Charge and the 57th Charge to run
consecutively.

63 Next, the totality principle should be applied, where the court must take a
“last look” at all the facts and circumstances to ensure that the aggregate
sentence is sufficient and proportionate to the offender’s overall
criminality: Raveen Balakrishnan at [98(c)]. The totality principle comprises
two limbs: (i) whether the aggregate sentence is substantially above the
normal level of sentences for the most serious of the individual offences
involved; and (ii) whether the effect of the aggregate sentence on the
offender is crushing and not in keeping with the offender’s past record and
future prospects: Mohamed Shouffee at [54] and [57].

64 In this inquiry, it is not inconsistent with the totality principle for
more than two sentences to run consecutively where the circumstances call for
it, for instance: (i) where the court is dealing with persistent or habitual
offenders; (ii) where there is a pressing public interest concern in
discouraging the type of criminal conduct being punished; (iii) where there
are multiple victims; and (iv) where other peculiar cumulative aggravating
features are present: Mohamed Shouffee at [80] citing ADF v Public Prosecutor
[2010] 1 SLR 874 at [146].

65 I agreed with the Prosecution’s submission that the sentences for three of
the six proceeded charges ought to run consecutively, with the remaining three
sentences to run concurrently. The present case involved a persistent and
habitual offender who had committed numerous sexual offences against multiple
victims over a prolonged period of 16 years. There was also a pressing public
interest in deterring the sexual offences committed here, especially those
committed by paedophiles against young and vulnerable children. I noted that
running three sentences consecutively in the present case was consistent with
the decision in Azuar. In that case, the offender was convicted of four
charges (including three charges of rape under s 375(2) of the 2008 PC). Out
of the 29 charges that were TIC for the purposes of sentencing, 18 were sexual
in nature. Like the present case, a psychiatrist had concluded that the
offender in Azuar posed a risk of serious sexual harm to the public (see Azuar
at [126]). The court decided at [131] that based on the overall criminality of
the offender’s conduct, three of the four sentences (of 12 years and six
months of imprisonment each) should run consecutively, which was upheld on
appeal. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Minute Sheet for CA/CCA 5/2014, 16 January 2015.

66 Running three sentences consecutively would have resulted in an aggregate
sentence of 57 years’ imprisonment, based on a sentence of 19 years’
imprisonment per proceeded charge. I agreed with the Prosecution that an
aggregate sentence of 57 years’ imprisonment was excessive. Even if the
accused was granted remission for good behaviour and his sentence was
backdated to his date of remand of 11 June 2018, he would only be released
when he is around 88 years old. That would be a crushing sentence. While the
advanced age of an offender is not generally a factor that warrants a
sentencing discount, the imposition of a substantial custodial term which
deprives an offender of a larger fraction of their expectation of life so as
to effectively amount to a life sentence might offend the totality principle:
Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [78] cited in Terence Ng at
[65(c)]. Nevertheless, I was mindful that any leniency afforded by reason of
the accused’s advanced age must be balanced against the need to ensure that he
would still be adequately punished, in line with the gravity of his offences
(see Terence Ng at [65(c)]). Indeed, in ABJ, the Court of Appeal recognised
that, while the age of an offender may be a mitigating factor, the advanced
age of the offender in that case “pale[d] into insignificance in the light of
what was perpetrated by the [offender] on the victim” (at [18]).

67 In light of the fact that the accused was 54 years old at the time of
sentencing, I found that the individual sentence for each charge should be
calibrated downwards to 15 years’ imprisonment, resulting in an aggregate
sentence of 45 years’ imprisonment. I found such a sentence to be
proportionate to the overall criminality of the accused’s offending, without
violating the totality principle. The accused would be released when he is
around 80 years old if he successfully obtains remission for good behaviour
and his sentence was backdated to the date of his remand. That would not be
effectively imposing a life sentence on him. I was fortified in my conclusion
by the decision in ABJ, which involved a 60-year-old offender who had pleaded
guilty to nine charges of sexual assault (including five charges under s
376(2) of the 1985 PC and two charges under s 376A(1)(a) and s 376A(1)(b)
respectively of the 2008 PC), with 35 charges TIC for the purposes of
sentencing. There, the Court of Appeal increased the sentence meted out by the
trial judge from 24 years’ imprisonment to 32 years’ imprisonment (at [21]),
which meant that the offender in ABJ would only be released when he is around
79 to 80 years old (assuming he obtains remission for good behaviour).

68 Notably, in Public Prosecutor v Ewe Pang Kooi [2019] SGHC 166, the High
Court sentenced the offender (who was 65 years old) to 310 months’
imprisonment (25.8 years’ imprisonment) for offences under s 409 of the 1985
PC, after expressly taking into account his advanced age and the principle
that the court should not impose what would effectively be a life sentence (at
[39] and [40]). This was affirmed on appeal in Ewe Pang Kooi v Public
Prosecutor [2020] 1 SLR 757, where the Court of Appeal noted that there are
limits to the principle that a sentencing court should be mindful of the real
effect of a sentence on an offender of advanced age, and that the sentence in
that case was simply a consequence of the period of time during which the
offender had managed to keep his criminal activities concealed (at [10]).
Here, the accused had similarly evaded apprehension despite committing sexual
offences over a lengthy period of 16 years.

69 Moreover, I found that an aggregate sentence of 45 years’ imprisonment was
not out of step with sentencing precedents involving similar factual matrixes:

(a) In Azuar, which was similarly classified as a Band 3 case in Terence Ng at
[58(a)], the court had sentenced the offender to an aggregate sentence of 37
years’ and six months’ imprisonment for three counts of rape under s 375(2)
and one count of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a) punishable
under s 376(3) of the 2008 PC (which was upheld by the Court of Appeal). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Minute Sheet for CA/CCA 5/2014, 16 January 2015.

The court considered, among other things, that: (i) the offender had video
recorded his sexual offences; (ii) the offences were premeditated; and (iii)
the offender had used drugs to overcome his victims’ resistance and erase
their memory of the offences (at [110]–[112]). Notably, the court had
calibrated the initial sentence of 15 years’ imprisonment per charge downwards
to 12 years’ and six months’ imprisonment in view of the offender’s age (at
[132] and [133]), meaning that the sentence would ordinarily have been harsher
but for the offender’s age. Even though the accused here had not used drugs in
the commission of his offences unlike the offender in Azuar, the overall
criminality of the accused was higher. While the offender in Azuar had 29
charges TIC for the purposes of sentencing, the accused here had 80. Moreover,
the offences in the proceeded charges in the present case (namely, aggravated
rape under s 375(1)(a) read with of s 375(3)(b) the 2008 PC and s 376(2) of
the 1985 PC) were of a more serious nature than those in Azuar, as reflected
by the higher range of sentences statutorily prescribed for the former.

(b) In Kelvin Lim, the offender was convicted of four counts of carnal
intercourse against the order of nature under s 377, one count of attempted
carnal intercourse against the order of nature under s 377 read with s 511,
and five counts of committing acts of gross indecency under s 377A of the 1985
PC. The High Court imposed a global sentence of 40 years’ imprisonment (which
was upheld on appeal by the Court of Appeal). The offender in Kelvin Lim, a
diagnosed paedophile, had sexually abused five male victims who were between
eight and 12 years old at the material time. In this case, the accused had
abused eight victims, some of whom were much younger at five years old.
Several of the victims, such as V1 and V4, were also especially vulnerable
because of their learning difficulties. Further, the accused’s period of
offending spanned across 16 years, unlike in Kelvin Lim where the period of
offending was slightly over a year.

The criminality of the accused’s conduct exceeded those of the offenders in
Azuar and Kelvin Lim due to the more serious nature of the offences committed,
the longer period of sexual abuse as well as the number, youth and
vulnerability of the victims involved in the present case.

70 For the above reasons, I sentenced the accused to 15 years’ imprisonment
for each of the six proceeded charges. I ordered the sentences for the 46th
Charge, the 52nd Charge and the 57th Charge to run consecutively, with the
sentences for the remaining charges to run concurrently. The accused was thus
sentenced to an aggregate of 45 years’ imprisonment. I backdated the accused’s
sentence to commence from his date of remand, 11 June 2018, which the
Prosecution had no objection to. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Minute Sheet for CC 33 at page 4.

Conclusion

71 I conclude by reiterating that the exceptionally sickening sexual abuse
perpetrated by the accused against multiple vulnerable children of extreme
youth warranted the imposition of a particularly harsh sentence for several
reasons. First, a strong message needed to be sent to deter potential like-
minded offenders from committing similar offences. Second, the accused’s
deplorable conduct had to be denounced in the strongest possible terms to
reflect society’s condemnation for his depraved acts against children who had
trusted him as a tutor and in some cases, a father figure. Third, the accused,
a clinically diagnosed paedophile at high risk of continued sexual offending,
had to be taken out of public circulation for an appropriately long time to
protect the public from a serial child rapist.

72 I note that the lengthy period of imprisonment imposed was higher than
those imposed in the majority of reported cases concerning rape offences.
However, the campaign of rape committed by the accused called for an unusually
long sentence that was commensurate with the accused’s abominable conduct.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court |   
---|---  
  
Andre Ong and Yvonne Poon (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Fong Mun Yung Gregory John (Fong & Fong LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Aug 2022 (09:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

