Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 242

Admiralty in Personam No 115 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeal No 108 of 2022)

Between

Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Maersk Tankers Singapore Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Winson Oil Trading Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Intervener

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Summary judgment]

[Admiralty and Shipping — Bills of lading — Delivery of cargo against
presentation of bills of lading]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Ltd

  
v

  

Maersk Tankers Singapore Pte Ltd

  
(

Winson Oil Trading Pte Ltd, intervener)

[2022] SGHC 242

Admiralty in Personam No 115 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeal No 108 of 2022)  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
22 July 2022

27 September 2022 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) who
granted summary judgment for the plaintiff against the defendant on the issue
of liability, but with damages to be assessed.

Background to the appeal

2 The plaintiff, Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Ltd, is a Singapore bank
which provided trade financing for one of its customers, Hin Leong Trading
(Pte) Ltd (“HLT”), which was then an oil trading company based in Singapore.
As is well known, HLT was one of the largest oil traders in this part of the
world, until its financial collapse in April 2020.

3 On 12 February 2020, and subsequently amended by an addendum dated 17
February 2020 (the “Addendum”), HLT entered into a contract for the purchase
of 750,000 barrels (“bbls”) of Gasoil 10ppm Sulphur, as per “Formosa Export
Specifications”, from the intervener, Winson Oil Trading Pte Ltd (“WOT”),
which is another oil trader based in Singapore (the “Sale Contract”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 1 (“1AB”) at pages 493–499.

4 The terms of the Sale Contract required WOT to deliver the 750,000 bbls of
gasoil on a DES (or delivery ex-ship) basis at one safe port / berth,
Singapore, or by ship to ship transfer at Tanjung Pelepas / Johor Port Limit,
Malaysia (clause 6 of the Sale Contract read with clause 1 of the Addendum).
The delivery window was stipulated to be 21 to 25 February 2020, both dates
inclusive (clause 6 of the Sale Contract read with clause 2 of the Addendum).
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1AB at pages 493 and 499.

HLT was required to make payment by an irrevocable letter of credit 30 days
after the vessel carrying the 750,000 bbls of gasoil had tendered its notice
of readiness to discharge the gasoil (“NOR”) (clause 8 of the Sale Contract).
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1AB at page 494.

5 The defendant, Maersk Tankers Singapore Pte Ltd, was the owner of the
“MAERSK PRINCESS” (the “Vessel”) at the material time. WOT chartered the
Vessel from the defendant to carry the 750,000 bbls of gasoil from Mailiao,
Taiwan, in order to fulfil its obligations under the Sale Contract. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Tung Ching Ching affirmed on 10 February 2022 (“Ms Tung’s 3rd
Affidavit”) at paras 10 and 15 (1AB at pages 433 and 436).

On 21 February 2020, the 750,000 bbls of gasoil were shipped on board the
Vessel, and four sets of bills of lading were issued, two of them being
20-MAO-MP20600B and 20-MAO-MP20600D (the “Bills of Lading”) in respect of
92,870 bbls of Gasoil 10ppm Sulphur (the “Gasoil Cargo”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ms Tung’s 3rd Affidavit at para [14] and pages 73–84 (1AB at pages 435 and
500–511).

6 On the morning of 27 February 2020, the Vessel arrived at Universal
Terminal, Singapore (“UT”), a storage facility which was partly owned by HLT.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ms Tung’s 3rd Affidavit at para 17 and page 97 (1AB at pages 436 and 524).

NOR was tendered by the Vessel, and the discharge of the 750,000 bbls of
gasoil took place on the morning of 28 February 2020 and was completed a day
later on the morning of 29 February 2020. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ms Tung’s 3rd Affidavit at para 16 (1AB at page 436).

It is common ground that the discharge of the 750,000 bbls of gasoil at UT
would amount to delivery to HLT under the DES terms in the Sale Contract. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ms Tung’s 3rd Affidavit at para 16 (1AB at page 436).

It is also undisputed that delivery to HLT was done without the production of
the original Bills of Lading by HLT. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 21; Defence at para 22.

7 On 3 March 2020, HLT applied to the plaintiff for an issuance of a letter of
credit in favour of WOT in the sum of US$6,129,977.22. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of Richard Martin Allan affirmed on 24 January 2022 (“Mr Allan’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at para 15 (1AB at page 83).

The application provided that the letter of credit was to pay for 92,870 bbls
of Gasoil 10ppm Sulphur (ie, the Gasoil Cargo) to be delivered on a DES basis
at UT. It also provided as follows: “LATEST DELIVERY DATE IS THE NOR TENDERED
AT DISCHARGE PORT: 29 FEBRUARY 2020.” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Allan’s 2nd Affidavit at para 15 and pages 82–83 (1AB at pages 83 and
159–160).

8 On 4 March 2020, the letter of credit (the “LC”) was duly issued by the
plaintiff in favour of WOT for the sum of US$6,129,977.22. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Allan’s 2nd Affidavit at para 17 and pages 87–91 (1AB at pages 83 and
164–168).

In line with HLT’s application, the terms of the LC provided at field 45A
(“DESCRIPTION OF GOODS AND/OR SERVICES”) that the Gasoil Cargo was to be
delivered on a DES basis at “UNIVERSAL TERMINAL SINGAPORE”, and that the
“LATEST DELIVERY DATE IS THE NOR TENDERED AT DISCHARGE PORT: 29 FEBRUARY
2020”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1AB at page 164.

9 The terms of the LC also provided that payment would be made by the
plaintiff upon presentation by WOT of, inter alia, “3/3 SET CLEAN ON BOARD
ORIGINAL BILL OF LADING ISSUED OR ENDORSED TO THE ORDER OF ‘STANDARD CHARTERED
BANK (SINGAPORE) LIMITED’”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1AB at page 164.

It further provided that, in the event that the original Bills of Lading are
not available, then payment by the plaintiff would be effected against WOT’s
commercial invoice, and a letter of indemnity issued by WOT. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1AB at page 165.

In this regard, the form of the letter of indemnity to be issued by WOT was
attached to the LC. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1AB at pages 165–166.

10 The letter of indemnity was to be addressed to HLT. There are three things
of particular note in the form of the letter of indemnity. First, it states
that the indemnity was being given by WOT in consideration of HLT having
agreed to accept delivery of the Gasoil Cargo without having been provided
with the Bills of Lading. Second, it includes an undertaking by WOT that it
would provide the Bills of Lading to HLT as soon as they come into WOT’s
possession, and with such provision of the Bills of Lading to HLT, WOT’s
liability under the letter of indemnity would cease. Third, it contains a
clause excluding the rights of third parties which provides:

NO TERM OF THIS INDEMNITY IS INTENDED TO, OR DOES CONFER A BENEFIT OR REMEDY
ON ANY PARTY OTHER THAN THE NAMED BUYER [HLT] UNDER THE UNDERLYING AGREEEMENT
WHETHER BY VIRTUE OF THE CONTRACTS (RIGHT OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT OF SINGAPORE
OR HOWSOEVER.

11 On 12 March 2020, WOT, through UniCredit Bank AG, Singapore Branch
(“UniCredit”), presented the following documents to the plaintiff: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Allan’s 2nd Affidavit at para 20 (1AB at page 84).

(i) WOT’s signed commercial invoice dated 5 March 2020 for the sale of the
Gasoil Cargo to HLT; and (ii) WOT’s letter of indemnity (the “LOI”) to HLT
also dated 5 March 2020, which was in the form as required under the LC. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1AB at page 174.

The plaintiff paid WOT the sum of US$6,129,977.22 accordingly on or around 27
March 2020. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mr Allan’s 2nd Affidavit at para 22 (1AB at page 85).

12 On or around 7 August 2020, WOT, through UniCredit, delivered to the
plaintiff the full set of the original Bills of Lading, amongst other shipping
documents. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mr Allan’s 2nd Affidavit at para 24 and pages 102–124 (1AB at pages 85 and
179–201).

On the face of the Bills of Lading, there were chains of indorsement from the
named consignee of the cargo all the way to the plaintiff. The last
indorsement was that of WOT, which had indorsed the Bills of Lading to the
plaintiff’s order. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mr Allan’s 2nd Affidavit at pages 104–109 and 115–120 (1AB at pages 181–186
and 192–197).

13 On 19 November 2020, on the basis that it was the lawful holder of the
Bills of Lading, and thus entitled to delivery of the Gasoil Cargo, the
plaintiff wrote to the defendant to demand delivery of the Gasoil Cargo. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mr Allan’s 2nd Affidavit at para 39 (1AB at pages 89–90).

14 On 26 February 2021, the plaintiff and WOT entered into an escrow
agreement, pursuant to which WOT put up security in respect of the plaintiff’s
claim against the defendant for misdelivery of the Gasoil Cargo. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Allan’s 2nd Affidavit at para 41 and pages 174–190 (1AB at pages 90 and
238–254).

This was because WOT had also issued a separate indemnity to the defendant in
respect of the delivery of the Gasoil Cargo to HLT. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of Tung Ching Ching affirmed on 2 November 2021 at para 7(d) and
pages 27–30.

15 On 26 October 2021, the plaintiff commenced these proceedings against the
defendant. The claim is for damages for breach of the contract of carriage,
arising from the defendant’s failure to deliver the Gasoil Cargo to the
plaintiff despite the latter being the lawful holder of the Bills of Lading in
respect of the Gasoil Cargo. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at paras 20–21.

The plaintiff also pleaded an alternative claim in conversion. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC at para 22.

WOT applied to intervene in these proceedings, and was granted leave to do so.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Summons for Leave to Intervene in HC/ADM 115/2021 (HC/SUM 5004/2021); Minute
Sheet for HC/ADM 115/2021 (HC/SUM 5004/2021) on 3 November 2021.

16 I should add that the defendant pleaded that the Bills of Lading
incorporated the terms of the voyage charterparty between WOT and the
defendant, and as a result of an English governing law clause in that
charterparty, English law applies to the determination of the plaintiff’s
claims against the defendant in the present proceedings. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence at para 11.

The plaintiff does not admit to this, and has instead pleaded that Singapore
law applies to the determination of the dispute. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Reply at para 7(c).

In any event, nothing material turns on this because there appears to be no
disagreement that the applicable English and Singapore law in relation to
claims by a lawful holder of the bill of lading for misdelivery are similar.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondent’s (Plaintiff) Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 36;
Defendant/Intervener’s Joint Written Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 51–130.

The Assistant Registrar’s decision

17 The AR granted interlocutory judgment in favour of the plaintiff, with
damages to be assessed. The defendant made a number of arguments as to why it
should be granted unconditional leave to defend the action. However, the AR
found that none of those arguments raised any triable issues, save for the
issue as to the quantum of damages suffered by the plaintiff as a result of
the misdelivery of the Gasoil Cargo. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Minute Sheet for HC/ADM 115/2021 (HC/SUM 339/2022) on 26 April 2022 (“SUM 339
Minute Sheet”) at para 21.

18 The AR rejected the various arguments raised by the defendant that the
plaintiff was not the “lawful holder” of the Bills of Lading, as defined under
s 5(2) of the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act 1992 (c 50) (UK) and s 5(2) of the
Bills of Lading Act 1992 (2020 Rev Ed). This was because he found that, by
WOT’s indorsement of the Bills of Lading to the plaintiff, there had been a
voluntary and unconditional transfer of possession by the holder of the Bills
of Lading to the indorsee and an unconditional acceptance by the indorsee:
Standard Chartered Bank v Dorchester LNG (2) Ltd (The “Erin Schulte”) [2015] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 97 at [28]. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SUM 339 Minute Sheet at para 4.

He also rejected the submission that the plaintiff was not acting in “good
faith” given that there was no evidence that the plaintiff was acting
dishonestly: UCO Bank v Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 1
at [39]. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SUM 339 Minute Sheet at para 5.

19 The AR also rejected the submission that the Bills of Lading were spent.
This was because the Bills of Lading were never indorsed to HLT, and at the
time of delivery of the Gasoil Cargo, ie, 28 to 29 February 2020 (see [6]
above), the defendant’s own case was that BP Singapore Pte Ltd, and Petrochina
International (Hong Kong) Co Ltd or Formosa Petrochemical Corporation, were
the lawful holders of the Bills of Lading. As such, in line with the
established law that bills of lading would only become spent upon delivery of
the cargo to the lawful holder of the bills of lading (see eg, The “Yue You
902” and another matter [2020] 3 SLR 573 at [58]), the Bills of Lading were
not spent by delivery of the cargo to HLT. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SUM 339 Minute Sheet at paras 7–8.

20 As for the submission that the plaintiff had consented to the defendant’s
discharge of the Gasoil Cargo without presentation of the Bills of Lading, the
AR found that this did not raise any triable issues. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SUM 339 Minute Sheet at paras 12–18.

This was for various reasons, but chiefly, the AR found that the fact that the
plaintiff had permitted the discharge of the cargo against the LOI did not
indicate, without more, that the plaintiff had given up its rights to demand
delivery of the cargo upon presentation of the Bills of Lading. According to
the AR, this was because payment under the LC, upon the presentation of WOT’s
commercial invoice and the LOI, was permitted only if the Bills of Lading were
not available. Further, the LC required that the Bills of Lading be indorsed
“to the order of [the plaintiff]”. In short, the AR accepted the submission by
counsel for the plaintiff that the latter never intended to abandon its rights
under the Bills of Lading to demand delivery of the Gasoil Cargo from the
defendant. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SUM 339 Minute Sheet at paras 14–15.

21 However, as for the quantum of damage suffered by the plaintiff as a result
of the misdelivery of the Gasoil Cargo, the AR found that there were triable
issues that were not suitable for summary determination. One reason for the
AR’s decision in this regard was that, while it was common ground that the
value of the Gasoil Cargo should be determined as at 19 November 2020 (the
date of the plaintiff’s demand for delivery of the Gasoil Cargo from the
defendant (see [13] above)), neither of the parties produced evidence of the
value of the Gasoil Cargo as at that date. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SUM 339 Minute Sheet at paras 19-–21.

The plaintiff has not appealed against this part of the AR’s decision.

The Registrar’s Appeal

22 It is a well-established principle that summary judgment will only be
granted if the court is satisfied that all the defences raised by the
defendant to resist the claim are “wholly unsustainable”, as a matter of fact
and law: Lim Oon Kuin and others v Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (interim judicial
managers appointed) [2022] 1 SLR 434 at [1]. To obtain summary judgment, the
plaintiff first has to show that he has a prima facie case for summary
judgment. If the plaintiff succeeds in doing so, the burden shifts to the
defendant who, in order to obtain leave to defend, must establish that there
is a fair or reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence:
M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR 325 (“M2B”) at
[17]. Leave to defend ought to be granted as long as there are triable issues
or questions, or there is some other reason for a trial: Singapore Civil
Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para
14/4/5. Disputes of fact, the resolution of which will have an impact on the
defendant’s liability, will ordinarily suffice to show that there are triable
issues.

23 That does not mean, of course, that bare denials or bare assertions made by
the defendant are all that is needed: M2B at [19]. The court must examine the
defences raised to determine if any one of them raises a fair or reasonable
probability of a bona fide defence. If so, unconditional leave to defend will
be granted. In some limited circumstances, the court may decide to grant
conditional leave to defend, with the condition usually being in the form of
the defendant having to furnish security for the plaintiff’s claim (see
generally Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew
Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 at [44]–[46]; Ling
Yew Kong v Teo Vin Li Richard [2014] 2 SLR 123 at [36]). But, that issue does
not arise in this case because WOT has secured the plaintiff’s claim to its
satisfaction (see [14] above).

24 In respect of the summary judgment application in this case, there is no
dispute that the plaintiff has established a prima facie case for judgment in
respect of its claim, as a lawful holder of the Bills of Lading, against the
defendant for damages for breach of the contract of carriage because of the
delivery of the Gasoil Cargo to HLT without presentation of the Bills of
Lading. The tactical burden has thus shifted to the defendant to show that
there are some triable issues which would merit a grant of leave to defend. In
this regard, I should point out that the plaintiff’s application for summary
judgment has been confined to its cause of action for misdelivery, ie, breach
of the contract of carriage, and the plaintiff has not relied on its
alternative claim for conversion.

Defendant’s case

25 In his arguments before me at the hearing of the appeal, counsel for the
defendant focused mainly on one aspect of the plaintiff’s claim for
misdelivery as raising specific triable issues. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Minute Sheet for HC/ADM 115/2021 (HC/RA 108/2022) on 22 July 2022 (“RA 108
Minute Sheet”) at pages 1–4.

That was the question of causation, ie, whether the defendant’s delivery of
the Gasoil Cargo to HLT on 28 to 29 February 2020, without presentation of the
Bills of Lading by HLT, caused the plaintiff any loss, such that the plaintiff
would be entitled to recover damages.

26 The defendant submits that, when the plaintiff issued the LC in favour of
WOT, it knew that the Gasoil Cargo on board the Vessel had already been
delivered to HLT. The defendant argues that this would have been clear from
HLT’s application for the LC on 3 March 2020, where it was stated that the
latest delivery date was 29 February 2020 (see [7] above). In fact, the LC
issued by the plaintiff stated that delivery would take place by ship at UT,
with the latest delivery date being 29 February 2020 (see [8] above).
According to the defendant, this must mean that, when HLT made its application
for the LC on 3 March 2020 and the plaintiff issued the LC on 4 March 2020,
the plaintiff knew that the Gasoil Cargo for which HLT was seeking financing
had already been delivered into HLT’s tanks at UT, without the presentation of
the Bills of Lading. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 2.

Yet, the plaintiff raised no issue about this and proceeded to finance this
purchase of the Gasoil Cargo by HLT from WOT.

27 The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s conduct vis-à-vis the delivery
of the cargo indicates that it never regarded the Bills of Lading as security
when it provided the financing. In other words, the plaintiff never intended
to look to the defendant to deliver up the Gasoil Cargo, if HLT defaulted on
its payment obligations. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 3.

The defendant also refers to the fact that HLT had been the plaintiff’s
customer since at least 2009; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DWS at para 127.

that the plaintiff must have been aware that HLT had a practice of taking
delivery of cargo without presentation of bills of lading; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DWS at para 128.

and that HLT’s oil trading business included re-selling the cargo after
storage at its tanks at UT, or blending the gasoil with other grades of oil to
create a new product for sale. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DWS at para 130(b).

The defendant also argues that the banking facility documents between the
plaintiff and HLT, which have been disclosed so far in these proceedings, show
that the financing granted by the plaintiff to HLT was granted on an unsecured
basis. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS at paras 25–27 and 130(f).

According to the defendant, this is consistent with the fact that the LC
permitted payment against the LOI (which did not indicate that the Bills of
Lading would have to be delivered to the plaintiff and also excluded the
rights of the plaintiff to obtain the Bills of Lading), and that would not
have been the case if the financing provided by the plaintiff had been secured
financing. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DWS at paras 19–21 and 130(d); RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 3.

28 In short, the defendant argues that there are various indicia which point
towards the plaintiff never having regarded the Bills of Lading as security
for the financing granted to HLT. This meant that the effective or proximate
cause of the plaintiff’s loss was not the misdelivery by the defendant of the
Gasoil Cargo to HLT without presentation of the Bills of Lading. Instead, it
was the insolvency of HLT and the way in which the plaintiff’s financing
arrangements were structured. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 1.

Plaintiff’s case

29 The plaintiff submits that the financing arrangements between itself and
HLT were that the Bills of Lading would be the plaintiff’s security for the
financing it extended to HLT to purchase the Gasoil Cargo. The plaintiff
points out that the Bills of Lading were always intended to be passed to it as
security. That can be seen from the terms of the facility and security
documentation with HLT which required HLT to pledge the Bills of Lading to the
plaintiff, as well as the terms of the LC which required WOT to indorse the
Bills of Lading to the order of the plaintiff. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 5.

30 The plaintiff also disputes that it was aware, from HLT’s application for
the LC on 3 March 2020, that the Gasoil Cargo on board the Vessel had already
been delivered to HLT. It argues that this was not clearly apparent from the
wording of HLT’s application, which referred to both the “latest delivery
date” and the “NOR” date being 29 February 2020. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PWS at para 115; Affidavit of Richard Martin Allan affirmed on 25 March 2022
(“Mr Allan’s 3rd Affidavit”) at paras 29–34, 44–45 and 47–48 (Agreed Bundle of
Documents Volume 3 (“3AB”) at pages 1454–1456 and 1459–1460).

Before it issued the LC, the plaintiff also denies having had sight of the
Sale Contract, which had words to the same effect concerning the “latest
delivery date”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PWS at para 70.

The plaintiff also argues that it did not know of HLT’s alleged practice of
taking delivery of cargo without presentation of bills of lading, and that
knowledge of past incidents of misdelivery without complaint is irrelevant. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PWS at para 121.

31 In any event, counsel for the plaintiff submits that the plaintiff’s
knowledge of the misdelivery is irrelevant to the issue of breach of contract;
even if the plaintiff knew that the Gasoil Cargo had already been discharged
into HLT’s tanks at UT when it issued the LC, this does not change the fact
that the defendant misdelivered the Gasoil Cargo, ie, that the defendant
delivered the Gasoil Cargo to HLT in breach of the contract of carriage since
HLT never presented the Bills of Lading. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 5.

The plaintiff submits that it did not consent to or ratify the acts of
misdelivery. There can be no consent because the misdelivery took place before
the plaintiff entered the picture as the financer of HLT’s purchase. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 5.

Also, the defendant could not point to any communication from the plaintiff
that would show that it ratified the acts of misdelivery. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PWS at para 118.

32 As to the defendant’s argument about causation, the plaintiff takes the
position that the cause of its loss is the misdelivery by the defendant in
breach of the contract of carriage. As the lawful holder of the Bills of
Lading from 7 August 2020, the plaintiff submits that it now holds the right
of action in relation to this claim for misdelivery of the cargo, even if it
knew that there had been misdelivery prior to the time it became the lawful
holder of the Bills of Lading. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 5.

Analysis

33 The parties cited a host of authorities in relation to claims by bill of
lading holders for misdelivery by defendant carriers. I find three of them to
be particularly relevant.

34 In Fimbank Plc v Discover Investment Corporation (The “Nika”) [2021] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 109 (“The Nika”), the claimant was a bank that had financed the
purchase by its customer (“AD”) of a cargo of wheat carried on board the
vessel, “Nika”. The cargo of wheat was discharged and delivered to AD’s agent
at Alexandria, Egypt without production of the bills of lading. The wheat was
then stored at a bonded warehouse, but later removed from there against
production of forged bills of lading. The claimant bank was never paid, and it
brought proceedings against the owner of the vessel for damages for
misdelivery. The issue before the court was whether the claimant could
establish a “good arguable case” that it would be entitled to substantial
damages from the defendant so as to justify the grant of a freezing order.

35 Andrew Baker J (“Baker J”) in The Nika examined the financing arrangements
between the claimant and the defendant shipowner. He found that it was always
intended between the claimant and AD that the wheat would be discharged by the
carrier without production of the bills of lading, and stored at the bonded
warehouse until payment was made by AD’s end-buyers, who could then collect
the wheat from the warehouse by presenting the bills of lading (see The Nika
at [20]–[22]). There was no evidence that these arrangements were communicated
to the defendant shipowner, who had simply discharged and delivered the cargo
pursuant to a letter of indemnity (see The Nika at [23]).

36 Baker J held that the claimant bank did not have a good arguable case that
the defendant was liable to it for substantial damages (The Nika at [32]). He
found that the claimant bank had no claim for misdelivery because AD and its
agent were authorised by the claimant bank to take delivery from the vessel
without production of the bills of lading, and that it was immaterial that the
defendant was not told that AD and its agent were so authorised (The Nika at
[26]–[28]). He also found that, even if AD’s agent had not been authorised by
the claimant to collect the cargo from the vessel, the claimant would face
“formidable difficulties of causation” (The Nika at [29]–[30]). This was
because the wheat was discharged and stored in the warehouse pursuant to the
arrangements agreed between the claimant and AD. As such, the “only effective
cause of loss [was] not the shipowner’s discharge of the cargo otherwise than
against bills of lading that the claimant had no intention of presenting to
the ship or allowing the shipowner to take, but rather the breakdown in the
arrangements ashore by way of the claimant becoming the victim of a fraud that
had nothing to do with the shipowner” (The Nika at [34]). In short, the
claimant’s loss was not caused by the misdelivery by the shipowner, and the
claimant would not be entitled to any substantial damages even if there was a
valid claim for breach of the contract of carriage.

37 In UniCredit Bank AG v Euronav NV [2022] EWHC 957 (Comm) (“The Sienna”),
the claimant bank brought a claim for damages for breach by the defendant
shipowner of the bill of lading contract by delivering a cargo of low sulphur
fuel oil to a third party without production of the bill of lading. On 1 April
2020, the claimant had financed the purchase by its customer, Gulf Petrochem
FZC (“Gulf”), of part of the cargo of fuel oil from BP Oil International Ltd
(the “financed cargo”), shipped on the vessel, “Sienna”. The bill of lading
provided that the financed cargo would be delivered at Fujairah, United Arab
Emirates. However, between around 26 April 2020 and 2 May 2020, the defendant
discharged the financed cargo by ship to ship transfer to two other vessels at
Sohar, Oman, without requiring production of the bill of lading: see The
Sienna at [1]–[10].

38 The claimant’s representative gave evidence at the trial that she did not
approve, or even know of, the discharge of the financed cargo by ship to ship
transfer at Sohar, and that, if she had been asked by Gulf to authorise
discharge in that manner so that delivery could be made to Gulf’s end-buyers,
she would not have agreed to do so (see The Sienna at [58]).

39 The financing arrangements between the claimant bank and Gulf were that the
financed cargo would be re-sold to end-buyers on terms that required those
end-buyers to pay the claimant directly (see The Sienna at [8]). After
examining in some detail the correspondence that had passed during the
material time between the claimant’s representative and Gulf, Moulder J made
certain critical findings:

(a) First, it was inherent in the financing arrangements between the claimant
bank and Gulf that the financed cargo would be discharged by the defendant
shipowner without production of the bill of lading. In fact, the claimant bank
had accepted that the bill of lading would not be available until discharge
had taken place: The Sienna at [89]–[90].

(b) Second, the claimant bank had implicitly, if not expressly, approved of
discharge without production of the bill of lading, and the claimant had no
concerns at that time about Gulf defaulting on its repayment obligations: The
Sienna at [92] and [120].

(c) Third, if the claimant had been aware of, or told that, discharge would be
made to the end-buyers by ship to ship transfer at Sohar, the claimant bank
would not have objected to this course of action: The Sienna at [121].

40 In the result, Moulder J dismissed the claimant bank’s claims on the basis
that any breach by the defendant shipowner of the bill of lading contract by
discharging the financed cargo, without production of the bill of lading, did
not cause the loss suffered by the claimant (The Sienna at [122]).

41 HC/ADM 16/2021 (“The STI Orchard”) is a recent case concerning a claim for
misdelivery of cargo that also arises from the collapse of HLT. The plaintiff
in that case, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”), financed
HLT’s purchase of a cargo of gasoil shipped on board the defendant’s vessel,
“STI Orchard”. HLT’s financial position subsequently deteriorated, and it
defaulted on its obligation to repay OCBC. HLT was eventually ordered to
indorse the bills of lading in favour of OCBC, and OCBC then commenced
proceedings against the defendant shipowner for delivering the cargo of gasoil
to HLT without presentation of the bills of lading.

42 OCBC applied for summary judgment on its claim. AR Navin Anand (“AR Navin”)
granted the defendant shipowner unconditional leave to defend the action in
The “STI Orchard” (Winson Oil Trading Pte Ltd, intervener) [2022] SGHCR 6
(“The STI Orchard (HCR)”), and OCBC’s appeal against that decision was
dismissed by Kwek Mean Luck J (“Kwek J”) in HC/RA 174/2022.

43 Both AR Navin and Kwek J were of the view that there were several triable
issues. One of those issues was whether the financing and security
arrangements between OCBC and HLT were such that OCBC actually regarded the
bills of lading as its security for financing the purchase of the gasoil.
Several facts led to the courts’ decision. First, the letter of credit issued
by OCBC provided that the bills of lading were to be issued or indorsed to
HLT’s order, not OCBC’s (see The STI Orchard (HCR) at [55]). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Decision of Kwek Mean Luck J in HC/RA 174/2022 (“Kwek J’s Decision”) at para
32(b) (Notes of Evidence (“NE”), HC/ADM 16/2021 (HC/RA 174/2022) at page 34).

Second, OCBC had entered into a trust receipt loan with HLT for the sums due
under the letter of credit, after the delivery of the cargo had taken place.
OCBC did not impose a requirement that HLT had to indorse the bills of lading,
or hand them over, to OCBC (see The STI Orchard (HCR) at [56(a)]–[56(b)]). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Kwek J’s decision at paras 32(f)–32(g) (NE, HC/ADM 16/2021 (HC/RA 174/2022) at
page 35).

There was also some evidence which showed that OCBC knew, or was put on
notice, that the gasoil would be blended and on-sold by HLT to PT Pertamina
(Persero) (“Pertamina”), and that OCBC was looking to those sale proceeds to
be held on trust by HLT for OCBC under the trust receipt arrangements as
security (see The STI Orchard (HCR) at [56(c)]). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Kwek J’s decision at paras 32(h)–32(l) (NE, HC/ADM 16/2021 (HC/RA 174/2022) at
pages 35–37).

44 Another triable issue found by the court was whether the trust receipt loan
granted by OCBC amounted to OCBC’s ex post facto consent to, or ratification
of, the seller’s instructions to the defendant shipowner to deliver the cargo
without production of the bills of lading. Again, this was because of the
evidence that OCBC knew, or was put on notice, of the arrangements by HLT to
blend the gasoil into a different product and on-sell that to Pertamina, and
that OCBC was looking to those sale proceeds as collateral to secure HLT’s
indebtedness (see The STI Orchard (HCR) at [68]–[76]). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Kwek J’s decision at paras 46–50 (NE, HC/ADM 16/2021 (HC/RA 174/2022) at pages
42–44).

45 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I find myself in agreement with
the defendant that it has raised some triable issues in relation to the issue
of causation, and that it should be granted leave to defend the action.
Specifically, there is a triable issue as to whether the defendant’s
misdelivery caused the plaintiff’s loss, ie, whether the plaintiff has
suffered a recoverable loss from the defendant’s breach of the contract of
carriage. In that regard, it is then relevant to consider whether the
plaintiff looked to the Bills of Lading as security for its financing of HLT’s
purchase of the Gasoil Cargo. In my view, this is an issue which ought to be
fully explored at trial.

46 I pause to note that the position at law is unclear as to how the test of
causation should be applied. The approach taken in The Nika and The Sienna
appears to suggest that the court should consider whether the misdelivery is
the effective or proximate cause of the claimant’s loss. On this view, even if
the carrier had misdelivered the cargo, that misdelivery would not be the
effective or proximate cause of the claimant’s loss if the claimant would not
have insisted on the discharge of the cargo against presentation of the bills
of lading in any event.

47 I certainly accept the point made by counsel for the plaintiff that the
facts of The Nika, The Sienna and The STI Orchard are all different. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at pages 5–6.

For example, it was clearly a material fact in The Nika that the claimant bank
and its customer, AD, had entered into an agreement for the warehousing of the
cargo upon its discharge without the need for presentation of the bills of
lading (see The Nika at [21]). In The Sienna, Moulder J regarded as relevant
the facts that (i) Gulf was insured for 90% of the receivables under the
contracts with the end-buyers of the financed cargo, and the claimant bank had
the benefit of an assignment of that insurance policy (which excluded related
parties as end-buyers from coverage); and (ii) the claimant bank’s
representative had been informed of the identities of the end-buyers of the
financed cargo and had confirmed that those end-buyers were acceptable (see
The Sienna at [108] and [120]). That suggested that the claimant bank might
have been prepared to take the credit risk of those end-buyers, and would have
permitted discharge of the financed cargo without production of the bill of
lading (see The Sienna at [121]). In The STI Orchard, it was significant that
there was evidence that OCBC knew that the cargo of gasoil would be blended
into a different product for on-sale to Pertamina (see The STI Orchard (HCR)
at [74]). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Kwek J’s decision at paras 46–50 (NE, HC/ADM 16/2021 (HC/RA 174/2022) at pages
42–44).

That act would have rendered the bills of lading in respect of the gasoil
worthless. It suffices for me to say that, in a summary judgment application
such as this, the particular facts of each case must be carefully scrutinised
to determine whether any triable issues arise.

Whether the plaintiff looked to the Bills of Lading as security is a triable
issue

48 What is clear from the approach in The Nika, The Sienna and The STI Orchard
is that the precise financing and security arrangements between the financing
bank claimant and its customer must be examined so that the court can answer
the question – did the claimant regard the relevant bills of lading as
security? I am not convinced that this question can be answered in a summary
way from the affidavits filed by the parties and the documents so far
disclosed.

49 In my judgment, whether the plaintiff looked to the Bills of Lading as
security for its financing of HLT’s purchase of the Gasoil Cargo is a triable
issue. In turn, at least two triable issues of fact arise, which are material
to the question of whether the plaintiff looked to the Bills of Lading as
security:

(a) whether the plaintiff had knowledge that the Gasoil Cargo had already been
discharged into HLT’s tanks at UT, at the time it accepted HLT’s LC
application; and

(b) what the specific financial arrangements between the plaintiff and HLT
were.

Whether the plaintiff had knowledge that the Gasoil Cargo had already been
discharged into HLT’s tanks at UT

50 The facts of this case are rather peculiar in that this is not a typical
situation where it is immediately obvious that a bank has financed the
purchase of goods, and finds itself having to look to the goods as security
when its customer has failed to make payment of the loan. Rather, it is
certainly arguable that, by the time the plaintiff agreed to finance the
purchase of the Gasoil Cargo from WOT, it knew, or at least ought to have
known, that the Gasoil Cargo was already in the custody of HLT. The plaintiff
disputes that it had such knowledge, and points out that the reference to 29
February 2020 being the “latest delivery date” in HLT’s application form is
far from clear (see [30] above). I accept that the wording used by HLT is not
entirely clear, but this gives rise to a dispute of fact pertaining to the
state of the plaintiff’s knowledge as to the whereabouts of the Gasoil Cargo
as of 3 to 4 March 2020 (when HLT applied for the LC and when the plaintiff
issued the LC). It may be that discovery or interrogatories in these
proceedings will shed light on this issue.

51 I am unable to agree with the plaintiff’s contention that its knowledge, or
otherwise, about the Gasoil Cargo being already discharged into HLT’s tanks at
UT is not a triable issue. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 5.

The plaintiff submits that its level of knowledge is irrelevant to whether it
can still maintain a claim against the defendant for misdelivery. However, if
it is the case that the plaintiff knew that the cargo was already in HLT’s
custody at UT before the plaintiff proceeded to finance the purchase and issue
the LC, then that could arguably indicate that the plaintiff did not regard
the Bills of Lading as security. Put another way, if the plaintiff was aware
that the Gasoil Cargo had already been delivered to HLT at UT, the plaintiff
could not expect that the Bills of Lading would remain as the ‘keys to the
warehouse’, and that the defendant would deliver up the Gasoil Cargo upon
presentation of the Bills of Lading. Viewed from the prism of a causation of
loss analysis, that would mean that, while there was a breach of the contract
of carriage because the defendant misdelivered the Gasoil Cargo to HLT, that
breach was arguably not the proximate or effective cause of the plaintiff’s
loss. Instead, the plaintiff’s loss would have been caused by HLT’s financial
collapse in April 2020, which rendered HLT unable to repay its loan owed to
the plaintiff.

The financial arrangements between the plaintiff and HLT

52 The plaintiff’s position is that the LC which it issued in the present case
was provided pursuant to facilities it had granted to HLT in 2017. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Mr Allan’s 3rd Affidavit at paras 25 and 27 (3AB at page 1453); PWS at para 7.

More specifically, the facility in question was described as “Import LCs –
Unsecured”. The purpose of this facility was described as “[i]ssuance of Doc
LCs against Presold Contracts from buyers listed in approved buyers list …
[i]ssuance of Doc LCs against Unsold Cargos not to exceed USD80million”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

3AB at page 1489.

It would therefore appear that the plaintiff might have been aware that it was
financing a cargo of gasoil that remained unsold by HLT, ie, the Gasoil Cargo
would have to be stored with HLT at UT. That there was a limit set of US$80m
would also suggest that the plaintiff was prepared to grant unsecured
financing to HLT up to a certain amount.

53 The plaintiff explains that the reference to the financing of this
transaction being “unsecured” was because the Bills of Lading had not yet been
indorsed to the plaintiff, presumably as at the time of the issuance of the
LC. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PWS at para 10.

The defendant submits that this explanation is “curious” given that the
plaintiff’s position is that the Bills of Lading must be indorsed and
delivered to it for payment to be made, in accordance with the terms of the
LC, and hence the financing should be regarded as “secured” if the plaintiff’s
position is right. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at para 25.

54 The plaintiff points to the fact that the terms of the “Import LCs –
Unsecured” facility require a “[f]ull set of BLs to pass through the Bank”.
According to the plaintiff, this makes it clear that the plaintiff always
looked to the Bills of Lading as security. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PWS at para 11; RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 5.

On the other hand, the defendant has drawn the court’s attention to an express
exception, in the terms of the facility, where bills of lading are not
required by the plaintiff. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DWS at para 26.

This exception reads: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

3AB at page 1489.

In cases where the BL is not received by the Bank, payment under the Doc LC
may be permitted subject to submission of invoice and acceptable LOI. LOI
counterparties in this case are restricted to oil major, national oil company,
large independent traders and OIF buyers.

According to the defendant, this suggests that, in certain limited
circumstances, the plaintiff may have been prepared to forgo looking to the
Bills of Lading as security for its financing, and was instead prepared to
assume the credit risk of the issuer of the letter of indemnity. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DWS at paras 26–27; RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 3.

55 It also appears from the documents disclosed that HLT had requested a trust
receipt arrangement to cover the period of 27 March 2020 (which is the date
when the loan from the plaintiff fell due to be paid by HLT) to 27 April 2020.
In response, the plaintiff granted HLT an “Import Loan” for 31 days on 27
March 2020. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

3AB at page 1507–1509; Mr Allan’s 3rd Affidavit at para 61 (3AB at page 1464).

This effectively extended the time for HLT to make payment to the plaintiff by
31 days. The plaintiff did not ask for any security for this “Import Loan”,
eg, by way of a trust receipt arrangement. This suggests that the plaintiff
might have been aware that the Gasoil Cargo was unsold, and that HLT was
requesting for time to sell the Gasoil Cargo before it could repay the loan to
the plaintiff. It also suggests that the plaintiff might have been perfectly
willing to assume the risk of HLT defaulting on its payment obligations,
without having recourse to any security.

56 In my judgment, there are clearly triable issues in relation to the
financing and security arrangements between the plaintiff and HLT that must be
investigated at trial. That would allow the court to determine, with the
necessary certainty, whether the plaintiff did in fact regard the Bills of
Lading in this case as security for its financing, or whether it was always
prepared to assume the credit risk of HLT on an unsecured basis.

57 That the plaintiff was willing to permit payment under the LC without
presentation of the Bills of Lading by WOT, but against, inter alia, the LOI,
also raises a triable issue as to the plaintiff’s intentions in relation to
the Gasoil Cargo and the Bills of Lading. It bears reiteration that the LOI
issued by WOT was in the standard form set out in the LC issued by the
plaintiff itself. The LOI which was required to be addressed by WOT to HLT
stated, in part: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1AB at page 174.

IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR MAKING PAYMENT OF U.S. DOLLARS USD 6,129,977.22 … FOR
… 92,870.000 BARRELS … OF THE CARGO IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE UNDERLYING
AGREEMENT AND HAVING AGREED TO ACCEPT DELIVERY OF THE CARGO WITHOUT HAVING
BEEN PROVIDED WITH 3/3 ORIGINAL BILLS OF LADING AND OTHER SHIPPING DOCUMENTS
REQUIRED TO BE PRESENTED BY US IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE UNDERLYING AGREEMENT …
WE HEREBY REPRESENT AND WARRANT AS FOLLOWS … [emphasis added]

Based on this wording, counsel for the defendant argues that the plaintiff was
clearly prepared to accept the scenario where the Gasoil Cargo would be
delivered to HLT without presentation of the Bills of Lading, and as such, the
plaintiff never looked to the Bills of Lading as security. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

RA 108 Minute Sheet at page 3.

I agree that this raises questions that can only be properly answered after a
trial.

58 I should add that the LOI also requires WOT to undertake to send the Bills
of Lading, once those have come into its possession, to HLT, whereupon WOT’s
obligation to indemnify HLT would cease. That again might suggest that, for
this particular transaction, it was not intended that the Bills of Lading
would “pass through the Bank”, and that the bank would not look to the Bills
of Lading as security. The defendant argues that the fact that the Bills of
Lading were subsequently indorsed by WOT to the plaintiff in August 2020 was
simply because, by then, HLT had suffered its financial collapse and the
plaintiff was seeking all means to try to recover its losses, and hence wanted
the Bills of Lading indorsed to it. It contends that the plaintiff’s demand
for the Bills of Lading was “contrived, coming only after HLT was in financial
difficulties and where the prospects of recovery had been preliminarily
assessed at 18%”, and that the plaintiff “never had any intention to call on
or demand for the [Gasoil Cargo] and was now effectively looking to lay its
losses at [the defendant’s] feet when it did not look to the Bills of Lading
as security at the time it financed HLT’s purchase of the [Gasoil Cargo] or
when it further extended the loan to HLT”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DWS at paras 42–44.

In my view, a trial is needed in order for the court to determine whether this
is the case.

59 The defendant also points out that, in any event, the plaintiff was
arguably not entitled to enforce the LOI issued by WOT to obtain the Bills of
Lading. As mentioned above at [9]–[10], the form of the letter of indemnity
provided that it was to be issued by WOT to HLT (and not the plaintiff).
Moreover, the form contained a clause expressly excluding any benefit or
remedy from being conferred under the letter of indemnity on any party other
than the named buyer (HLT). The defendant contends that, under the LOI, the
plaintiff thus does not have any benefit or remedy. According to the
defendant, this suggests that the plaintiff did not intend for the Bills of
Lading to be security. This is because the plaintiff agreed that payment under
the LC would be made against the presentation of an LOI which did not give it
any rights to obtain the Bills of Lading, effectively “disclaim[ing] any
interest in the Bills of Lading and [leaving] any disposal of the Bills of
Lading to be a matter between HLT and WOT”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DWS at paras 19–21.

In my judgment, whether the plaintiff had relinquished its rights to the Bills
of Lading, and whether this suggests that the plaintiff did not regard the
Bills of Lading as security, are triable issues.

60 I should also add that the issue is further complicated by the fact that
HLT was a long-standing customer of the plaintiff, and the issue of what the
plaintiff knew about HLT’s intentions regarding the Gasoil Cargo must also be
investigated. As HLT’s business model meant that it would probably store this
unsold Gasoil Cargo in its tanks at UT, the plaintiff might well have been
aware that the cargo had already been delivered to HLT for its storage at UT
by the time it issued the LC to finance the cargo’s purchase. That might
possibly explain why the plaintiff did not appear to be concerned by the
wording of HLT’s application for financing on 3 March 2020, which suggested
that the cargo might have already been delivered to HLT. As already explained
(see [51] above), if the plaintiff had knowledge that the Gasoil Cargo was
already in HLT’s possession, the question that presents itself is whether one
can describe the plaintiff’s loss, which arises from the financing which it
granted to HLT after the defendant misdelivered the Gasoil Cargo, as being
effectively caused by the prior act of misdelivery by the defendant.

Conclusion and orders made

61 For the above reasons, I find that the defendant has raised triable issues,
and I therefore grant the defendant unconditional leave to defend the action.
I am unconvinced that the defences raised in relation to the issue of
causation are “wholly unsustainable”, as a matter of fact and law (see above
at [22]). Let me be clear though, that I have not determined in any way the
various contentions of the parties on the merits of the claim, including those
that were dealt with by the AR below concerning whether the plaintiff is a
lawful holder of the Bills of Lading, whether the Bills of Lading were spent,
and whether there was consent and/or ratification of the delivery of the
cargo. In this judgment, I have only considered the defendant’s arguments in
relation to causation, and in this regard, I have only focused my mind on
whether the defendant has managed to raise triable issues as to whether the
plaintiff has suffered any recoverable loss from the misdelivery of the Gasoil
Cargo.

62 I therefore allow the appeal and set aside the orders made by the AR below.
The costs of the application below (HC/SUM 339/2022) and for this Registrar’s
Appeal are to be in the cause.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Daryll Richard Ng, Lauren Tang Hui Jing and Ooi Chit Yee (Virtus Law LLP) for
the plaintiff;  
Tan Wee Kheng Kenneth Michael SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) (instructed), Khoo
Ching Shin Shem, Teo Jia Hui Veronica and Siew Jowen (Focus Law Asia LLC) for
the defendant;  
Bazul Ashhab bin Abdul Kader, Prakaash s/o Paniar Silvam, Tan Yu Hang and
Levin Lin Lok Yan (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the intervener.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Sep 2022 (10:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

