Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 261

Suit No 171 of 2021

Between

Kallivalap Praveen Nair  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Glaxosmithkline Consumer Healthcare Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Employment Law — Employers’ duty — Implied term of mutual trust and
confidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kallivalap Praveen Nair

  
v

  

Glaxosmithkline Consumer Healthcare Pte Ltd

  

[2022] SGHC 261

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 171 of 2021  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
27–29 July 2022, 3–4 August 2022, 26 September 2022

18 October 2022 Judgment reserved

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Kallivalap Praveen Nair (“Praveen”), brings this action
against his former employer, Glaxosmithkline Consumer Healthcare Pte Ltd
(“GSK”), for breach of his employment agreement, on the grounds that GSK
discriminated against him and caused him to lose the opportunity to secure
roles in GSK and another company, Unilever.

Factual background

2 Praveen was previously employed by GSK Consumer Healthcare Limited (“GSK
India”) as its Head of Expert Sales and Marketing for the Indian subcontinent.
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Kallivalap Praveen Nair’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“Praveen’s AEIC”) at
[7].

In 2018, Praveen joined GSK as an employee. GSK is a company incorporated in
Singapore. It serves as the regional headquarters for consumer healthcare
operations of the group (“GlaxoSmithKline”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [6].

3 On or around 16 May 2018, Praveen signed a Letter of Appointment (“LOA”)
with GSK, taking on the role of Global Expert Director for Nutrition and
Digestive Health business (“NDH”). In June 2018, Praveen relocated to
Singapore with his family. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [8] and [10].

4 In or around November or December 2018, GlaxoSmithKline announced the sale
of its Nutrition business to Unilever (“Unilever Deal”). The Unilever Deal was
completed around April 2020. In or around December 2018, GlaxoSmithKline
announced its acquisition of Pfizer’s consumer business (“Pfizer Deal”). The
Pfizer Deal was completed around August 2019. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [46]-[49].

5 Sometime in late May to June 2019, Praveen interacted with Unilever
personnel to discuss opportunities at Unilever. He was ultimately not selected
for any of the roles with Unilever. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [78].

6 On 11 June 2019, GSK announced through an email sent on behalf of Ms Tamara
Rogers (“Tamara”), who was GlaxoSmithKline’s designate Chief Marketing Officer
at the material time, that a new Global Head of Expert Marketing role had been
created and that Ms Tess Player (“Tess”) had been appointed to that role. This
was regarded as a “LT-1” role, ie, “Leadership Team minus one”, which meant it
was one level below Leadership Team roles. Praveen was not invited to apply
for that role. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [91].

7 From around June 2019 to September 2019, Praveen took part in GSK’s
assessment and selection (“A&S”) process for new Global Expert Category “LT-2”
roles (ie, Leadership Team minus two, which meant one level below LT-1 roles)
that were created following GlaxoSmithKline’s restructuring. Between August
and November 2019, GSK announced the appointments for the LT-2 roles that
Praveen applied for. He was not selected for these roles. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [112]-[120].

8 On or around 2 December 2019, Mr Rick Sheppard (“Rick”), who was Praveen’s
line manager, informed him that there were no roles available for him and that
he would be made redundant. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [136].

A notice of redundancy was issued to Praveen in January 2020 which stated that
his last day of employment would be 14 April 2020. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [138]-[139].

Praveen sought to extend his last day of employment to 30 September 2020. GSK
subsequently extended Praveen’s last day of employment to 30 June 2020. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Praveen’s AEIC at [143].

9 In this suit, Praveen claims against GSK for damages in the amount of
$1,239,158.91 for breaches of his employment agreement with GSK (“EA”), which
he claims resulted in the loss of his opportunity to land a role with
Unilever, a new LT-1 role in GSK and LT-2 roles in GSK. Praveen also claims
that GSK is liable to him for the shortfall in his severance payment of
$148,809.83, and for the sum of $49,503.21 which he claimed was wrongfully
withheld by GSK from his salary.

10 GSK counterclaims for the sum of $95,211.87, which it says was paid to
Praveen by mistake.

Whether the Employment Agreement expressly imposes an obligation on GSK to
comply with the Policies

11 Praveen claims that GSK breached its policies (“the Policies”), which are
defined at cl 5.2 of the LOA. These include the following: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submission (“PCS”) at [9].

(a) Code of Conduct;

(b) Policy on Equal and Inclusive Treatment of Employees (the “Equality
Policy”);

(c) Policy on Non-retaliation and Safeguarding Individuals who report
Significant Misconduct (the “Non-Retaliation Policy”);

(d) Redundancy policies;

(e) General Bonus Plan Rules;

(f) Global Long-Term Incentive Delivery documents, including:

(i) the Long-Term Incentive Guide Incentive Guide on Share Value Plan
entitlements for Grades 4 – 6;

(ii) the Information on the Change in timing of the SVP awards 2012 – 2019;
and

(iii) the Share Value Plan Leaver Rules;

(g) GSK Singapore Health & Wellbeing Handbook; and

(h) GSK’s Employee Handbook.

12 The first issue which the plaintiff has to address, is whether the EA
expressly imposes an obligation on GSK to comply with the Policies.

13 The plaintiff submits that cll 5.3 and 11.1 of the LOA expressly impose
such an obligation on GSK. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS at [8].

The relevant clauses are cll 5.2, 5.3 and 11.1 of the LOA. They state:

Clause 5.2 – You shall comply with all existing policies of the Company, its
parent, subsidiary and associated companies (“GSK Group of Companies”) which
are applicable to you in the course of your employment which may be varied,
amended, introduced, modified or revoked from time to time (“Policies”). It is
your responsibility to keep yourself updated with the latest version of such
Policies as may [sic] made available on the Company’s intranet. Any such
variation, amendment, introduction, modification or revocation is effective on
the date stated on the Company’s intranet.”

Clause 5.3 – In addition, if any of the terms set out in this Letter of
Appointment conflicts with or is inconsistent with any Laws and Regulations
and/or Policies prevailing from time to time, the latter shall prevail and the
conflicting or inconsistent terms of this Letter of Appointment shall be
deemed amended to be in line with the provisions of the then prevailing Laws
and Regulations and/or Policies.

Clause 11.1 – This Letter of Appointment and the documents expressly
referenced herein contain the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof … In the event of any inconsistency
between this Letter of Appointment and any of the documents expressed
referenced therein, the provisions shall prevail in the following order: (a)
any Laws and Regulations and/or Policies of the GSK Group of Companies, as
varied, amended, introduced, modified or revoked from time to time; (b) the
Letter of Appointment …

[emphasis added in bold]

14 On a plain reading, cl 5.2 only obliges Praveen, the employee, to comply
with the Polices. It does not oblige GSK, the employer, to comply with the
Policies. In other words, under cl 5.2, the Policies are incorporated only to
the extent that they impose obligations on Praveen as the employee.

15 Clause 5.3 is clearly intended to be read together with cl 5.2, as it
begins with the phrase “In addition” and it refers to “Policies”, which was
defined in cl 5.2. The phrase “Policies prevailing from time to time” that is
mentioned in cl 5.3 must hence be in reference to “Policies” as mentioned in
cl 5.2. Consequently, under cl 5.3, the Policies that prevail over conflicting
or inconsistent LOA terms must refer to Policies that impose obligations on
Praveen as the employee, and not Policies that impose obligations on GSK as
the employer.

16 In a similar vein, the opening line of cl 11.1 refers to the LOA and the
documents “expressly referenced herein”. The Policies are expressly referenced
in cl 5.2, which as stated above, plainly oblige only the employee, Praveen,
to comply with the Policies, and not the employer, GSK. Consequently, under  
cl 11.1, the Policies that prevail over conflicting or inconsistent LOA terms
must refer to Policies that impose obligations on Praveen as the employee, and
not Policies that impose obligations on GSK as the employer.

17 I hence find that the EA does not expressly impose an obligation on GSK to
comply with the Policies.

Whether there is an implied term of mutual trust and confidence

18 The plaintiff alternatively submits that the EA contains an implied term of
mutual trust and confidence (“ITMTC”), the content of which includes
compliance by Praveen and GSK with all the Policies, known or unknown 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 7, lines 3 to 8.

. The plaintiff submits that the ITMTC is implied in law or on the facts. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PCS at [22] and [23].

Implied on the facts

19 I will first examine whether there is a basis for an ITMTC, as pleaded, to
be implied on the facts here.

20 The test for implying a term in fact was set out in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v
PPL Holdings Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp”) and consists of three
steps:

(a) First, the court will ascertain how the gap in the contract arose. The
implied term will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) Second, the court will determine whether it is necessary in the business
or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give efficacy to the contract.

(c) Third, the court will consider whether the specific term to be implied was
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had it been put to them at time of the
contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then, the gap
persists, and the consequence of that gap ensues.

21 The plaintiff submits that the ITMTC as pleaded is necessary to give
efficacy to the EA because GSK’s employees must be able to expect GSK’s
compliance with its own policies, which addresses key aspects of the
employment relationship. Praveen cites as an example of this, GSK’s policies
providing for key components of employees’ remuneration. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PCS at [28].

However, employment contracts generally contain specific provisions that deal
with the remuneration of employees. This is also the case for Praveen. Clauses
2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 of the LOA explicitly set out his remuneration and other
entitlements. It could not be said that the ITMTC as pleaded is necessary to
ensure proper remuneration. More generally, even if GSK employees expect GSK
to comply with its own policies, that does not make it a business or
commercial necessity such that it should be contractually part of the EA.
Therefore, I do not find the second step of the Sembcorp test, ie, business or
commercial necessity, to be made out.

22 Neither is the third step of the Sembcorp test met. As applied to this
case, this requires that the ITMTC as pleaded is one to which the parties,
having regard to the need for business efficacy, would have responded “Oh, of
course!” had it been put to them at time of the contract.

23 Having expressly limited the obligation of complying with Policies to be on
the employee and not the entity, it is not apparent that GSK as an entity
would have said of “Oh, of course!” if it was put to it that the ITMTC as
pleaded was part of the contract.

24 The plaintiff submits that this test is satisfied as every witness
confirmed that GSK’s employees had the right to expect GSK to comply with its
policies. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions dated 22 September" 2022 (“PSS”) at [20].

However, Tamara, Tess and Mr Jayant Kumar Singh (who was one of Praveen’s line
managers) (“Jayant”) all testified, when asked, that they did not know what an
ITMTC was. In addition, they, along with Rick Sheppard (“Rick”) (Praveen’s
line manager after Jayant), did not testify that they saw GSK’s compliance
with the Policies as part of GSK’s contractual obligations to its employees.
Their evidence is summarised as follows:

(a) Rick saw a nuanced distinction between trust in a company and a legal
obligation. He believed that the company’s legal obligations are set out in
the employment contract, but that the company will also follow its values and
expectations to look at the employment contract in the right light. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

29 July 2022 Transcript at p 105 line 20 to p 106 line 3.

The plaintiff submits that Rick testified that if GSK did not comply with its
policies, the aggrieved employee would have a right to bring his claim to
court. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS at [13].

However, this is a misinterpretation of Rick’s testimony. The relevant portion
of the transcript that the Plaintiff relies on is set out below: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

29 July 2022 Transcript at p 117 line 24 to p 118 line 17.

Q: Assuming that an employee operates in a country where there is no right to
equal treatment and no right to be free from discrimination, the laws of the
country do not provide for that, but those are in your policies …

A: One more time?

Q: No right to equal treatment, no positive right to equal treatment and no
right to be free from discrimination, right, the employment contract doesn’t
provide for that, the laws of the country doesn’t provide for that, but your
code of conduct does; correct?

A: Yes.

Q: Do you agree that that employee should have a right to redress and
compensation, whether from the courts or employment tribunals, if he suffered
from unequal treatment or discrimination?

A: In those particular circumstances? I think so, honestly.

As evident from the above, all that Rick testified to was that in the
particular circumstances described by the plaintiff, he thought that an
employee should have a right of redress. Rick was not asked the more specific
and relevant question – did Rick consider GSK to be contractually bound to
follow its Policies? There is hence no evidence from Rick to that.

(b) Tamara said that GSK employees had to follow the Code of Conduct, but the
rules in the Code of Conduct were not law. The Code of Conduct applied to
everyone in GSK and if an employee failed to comply, there may be disciplinary
action. She considered an employee contractually bound by the Policies. She
did not know if GSK as an entity would be contractually bound to its employees
to follow the Policies. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

4 August 2022 Transcript at p 24 lines 1 to 5.

(c) Jayant said he did not have a clear view on whether his employment
agreement contractually bound GSK to follow the Policies. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

4 August 2022 Transcript at p 91 lines 8 to 15.

(d) The plaintiff submitted that Tess testified that she would expect GSK to
be contractually bound by the Policies. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCS at [32(d)].

Again, this is not supported by the transcript. What Tess said was that she
did not know if the Policies were legally binding on GSK. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

4 August 2022 Transcript at p 163 lines 17 to 23.

25 While these employees were senior employees within GSK, their seniority
alone does not mean that they represent the will of the company. Their
understanding of the terms of the Employment Contract is not necessarily
representative of GSK’s understanding. Furthermore, even taking Praveen’s case
at its highest, these witnesses did not know in the first place what an ITMTC
was, and they also did not clearly consider GSK to be contractually bound by
its Policies. Therefore, I find it difficult to conclude that they would have
said “Oh of course!” if it was suggested to them that GSK was contractually
bound by the ITMTC as pleaded. Neither is there any evidence before the court
to conclude that GSK as an entity would have also said “Oh of course” to this
suggestion. That GSK expressly limited the obligation of compliance with the
Policies to employees in cl 5.2 of the EA, suggests the contrary.

26 I hence find that neither step 2 nor step 3 of the Sembcorp test is
satisfied on the evidence, and that the plaintiff has not proven that the
ITMTC is implied in fact.

Implied in law

27 I will next examine if an ITMTC as pleaded should be implied in law. GSK
makes a preliminary argument that the ITMTC cannot be part of the EA because
it contradicts the express terms of the EA. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [19].

However, while cl 5.2 of the LOA places an obligation on the employee to
comply with the Policies, and there is no term placing an obligation on the
employer GSK to comply with the Policies, there is no express term in the LOA
precluding the inclusion of the ITMTC as pleaded.

28 The plaintiff relies on decisions such as Cheah Peng Hock v Luzhou Bio-Chem
Technology Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 577 (“Cheah Peng Hock”) to support its position.
There, the High Court held that unless there are express terms to the contrary
or the context implied otherwise, an implied term of mutual trust and
confidence and fidelity, is implied by law into a contract of employment under
Singapore law: at [59]. Subsequent High Court decisions have also recognized
the existence of the ITMTC in Singapore law.

29 GSK relies on the observations of the Appellate Division of the High Court
in Dong Wei v Shell Eastern Trading (Pte) Ltd and another [2022] 1 SLR 1318
("Dong Wei") to submit that the issue of whether ITMTC is part of Singapore
law is still an open question. In Dong Wei, the Appellate Division noted at
[73] that the Court of Appeal in Wee Kim San Lawrence Bernard v Robinson & Co
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 357 ("Wee Kim San") did not formally endorse
the existence of the ITMTC, unlike certain High Court decisions. The Court of
Appeal in Wee Kim San was cognisant that Commonwealth Bank of Australia v
Barker (2013) 214 FCR 450 (“Barker (FC)”) – then in the Federal Court of
Australia (“FCA”) – was on appeal to the High Court of Australia (“HCA”): at
[30]. In a subsequent Court of Appeal decision in The One Suites Pte Ltd v
Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 695 (“One Suites”), the Court of
Appeal expressly noted that Wee Kim San left open the position in Singapore on
the existence of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence: at [44]. The
court in Dong Wei thus observed at [82]:

… the status of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence has not been
clearly settled in Singapore. It remains an open question for the Court of
Appeal to resolve in a more appropriate case, ideally with facts capable of
bearing out a claim based directly on the existence of the implied term.

30 GSK also refers to the decision of the HCA in Commonwealth Bank of
Australia v Barker (2014) 312 ALR 356 (“Barker (HC)”) to support its position
that the ITMTC should not be recognized under Singapore law. The issue of
whether the ITMTC should be implied by law in Australia, was considered
extensively by the HCA in Barker (HC). The factual matrix in Barker (HC) is
similar to the present case in three aspects: (a) Praveen similarly argues
that GSK must be bound by its own Policies; (b) Praveen’s pleaded case is that
his claim is not based on the act of dismissal but on the ground that he has
been unfairly treated in the selection process for Unilever, LT-1 and LT-2
roles; and (c) Praveen is also claiming damages for the loss of chance of
obtaining those roles.

31 I begin my analysis of the parties’ submissions on whether the ITMTC as
pleaded should be implied in law, by observing that the content of the ITMTC
that the plaintiff seeks to ascribe to the ITMTC, namely that GSK as the
employer is contractually bound to comply with the Policies, is not something
that has been held to be part of the ITMTC. When asked, counsel for the
plaintiff confirmed to the court that he has not found any precedent anywhere,
where an ITMTC of the pleaded content, that a company has to comply with its
policies, has been accepted. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 5, lines 14 to 22.

32 The court in Cheah Peng Hock at [56] set out examples of the application of
an ITMTC. These include:

(a) a duty not to act in a corrupt manner which would clearly undermine the
employee’s future job prospects (Malik v BCCI [1998] AC 20) (“Malik”);

(b) a duty not to unilaterally and unreasonably vary terms (Woods v W M Car
Services (Peterborough) Ltd [1982] ICR 693);

(c) a duty to redress complaints of discrimination or provide a grievance
procedure (W A Goold (Pearmak) Ltd v McConnell [1995] IRLR 516);

(d) a duty not to suspend an employee for disciplinary purposes without proper
and reasonable cause (Gogay v Hertfordshire CC [2000] IRLR 703);

(e) a duty to enquire into complaints of sexual harassment (Bracebridge
Engineering Ltd v Darby [1990] IRLR 3);

(f) a duty to behave with civility and respect (Isle of Wight Tourist Board v
Coombes [1976] IRLR 413);

(g) a duty not to reprimand without merit in a humiliating circumstance
(Hilton International Hotels (UK) v Protopapa [1990] IRLR 316); and

(h) a duty not to behave in an intolerable or wholly unacceptable way (British
Aircraft Corporation Ltd v Austin [1978] IRLR 332).

33 It was argued before the HCA in Barker (HC) that the range of duties
imposed by the ITMTC introduces inherent uncertainties. The HCA in Barker (HC)
affirmed Jessup J’s dissent in Barker (FC) that the ITMTC will have “the
potential to act as a Trojan horse in the sense of revealing only after the
event the specific prohibitions which it imports into the contract”: at [117].
I note that the court in Cheah Peng Hock was also cognizant of the wide range
of duties imposed under the ITMTC at [56], but nevertheless found that the
ITMTC exists under Singapore law.

34 However, in my view, the tension between Barker (HC)’s concerns as to the
uncertainties associated with the ITMTC as a doctrine and Cheah Peng Hock’s
recognition of the ITMC, is not the nub of the issue in this case.

35 This is because the issue before this court is not whether the ITMTC, in
the form that has been applied in previous cases, is part of Singapore law, in
the light of the analysis in Barker (HC). The ITMTC as pleaded is very
different from the formulation of the ITMTC in Malik that “[p]arties shall not
engage in conduct likely to undermine the trust and confidence required if the
employment relationship is to continue in the manner the employment contract
implicitly envisages”. Rather, the issue is this: even assuming that the ITMTC
is part of Singapore law, should the content of the ITMTC include a
contractual duty on the part of the employer to comply with its internal
policies? Counsel for the plaintiff accepts that this would indeed be the
inquiry before this court, and that even if this court accepts that ITMTC is
part of Singapore law, the court will have to find that an ITMTC of the
pleaded content is part of Singapore law. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 6, lines 3 to 17.

36 To sharpen the inquiry before this court, the substance of what the
plaintiff is contending is no different in terms of the outcome, if his
submission was that there should be “an implied term in the EA that GSK should
comply with its policies”, rather than “an implied term of mutual trust and
confidence in the EA that GSK should comply with its policies”.

37 Even assuming, without making a judgment on it, that the ITMTC is part of
Singapore law, the plaintiff’s submission here on the pleaded ITMTC introduces
a different order of uncertainty. It is trite law that the certainty of
contractual terms is an important tenet of contract law. In T2 Networks Pte
Ltd v Nasioncom Sdn Bhd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1 at [44], Judith Prakash J, as she
then was, cited G Scammell and Nephew, Limited v H C and J G Ouston [1941] AC
251 (at 268-269) for the proposition:

It is a necessary requirement that an agreement in order to be binding must be
sufficiently definite to enable the court to give it a practical meaning. Its
terms must be so definite, or capable of being made definite without further
agreement of the parties, that the promises and performances to be rendered by
each party are reasonably certain.

38 The doctrine of implication of terms in law inevitably raises some degree
of uncertainty given the broadness of the criteria utilized to imply such
terms: Jet Holding Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another and other appeals [2006] 4 SLR(R) 769 at [90]. Therefore, courts must
be cautious in determining whether to imply certain terms in law and carefully
consider the degree of uncertainty that such terms may introduce. Further
caution should be exercised when the content of the implied term involves a
concept which is itself controversial: Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte
Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 at [46].

39 The uncertainty here takes place at two levels, first in respect of GSK,
and second, in respect of other companies.

40 First, in respect of GSK, not all the content or clauses in GSK’s company
policies were traversed in the course of the trial. Only the Policies and
particular clauses of the Policies that were relied on for the plaintiff’s
action were mentioned. There remains a large body of GSK’s documents that are
neither identified nor discussed (‘the unknown GSK documents”), the legal
status of which remains unclear by the end of the trial.

41 Hence, it could not be said with certainty which of the unknown GSK
documents should rightly be regarded as part of GSK’s policies or contractual
obligations. This is particularly since, even for purposes of this suit, there
are documents which are titled as “Guidance” or “Best Practices”, but which
the plaintiff submits are nevertheless contractually binding policies, despite
their wording on the face of the documents.

42 The plaintiff submits that GSK should still be bound by the unknown GSK
documents since it knows what these other documents are. The plaintiff argues
that since it has been pleaded that under cl 5.2 of the LOA, all GSK policies
are part of the EA, then the onus is on GSK to identify which of the remaining
unknown policies are not to be regarded as contractual obligations. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 11, lines 2 to 6; p 12, lines 3 to 18.

43 With respect, I have several difficulties with this submission for the
following reasons:

(a) First, as set out above, cl 5.2 only binds the employee and not GSK. There
is no express clause that incorporates a contractual obligation on GSK to
follow all its policies. Indeed, it is because there is no express contractual
obligation, that there is a need to consider whether there is an ITMTC. There
is hence no place to rely on cl 5.2 of the LOA, in relation to this issue of
uncertainty in the pleaded ITMTC. The uncertainty over the universe of unknown
policies that should be subject to the pleaded ITMTC remains to be addressed.

(b) Second, while the plaintiff submits that there is no uncertainty because
GSK would know which policies are binding, the position taken by GSK in this
case is that it disputes that there are any policy documents that are
contractually binding on it in the first place. Therefore, it is no answer for
the plaintiff to say that GSK would be able to identify these unknown GSK
documents. Most certainly, an employee would also not know what is the realm
of unknown GSK documents that are regarded as contractually binding.

(c) Third, there could be many other unknown GSK documents for which it is
uncertain if such documents are policy documents and if they bind GSK. This is
especially when the plaintiff’s position during the trial was that townhall
communications can also be classified as policies. It would be overly onerous
to expect GSK to identify all such potential documents in the course of this
suit and clarify which of such documents are policies, and which of these
policies are regarded as binding. This is especially when many of these
documents may not be or are unlikely to be related to this suit, since they
were not relied on by the plaintiff.

44 Therefore, the first order of uncertainty for GSK, if the pleaded ITMTC is
upheld, is the uncertainty over which of the unknown GSK documents are to be
regarded as policies.

45 There is a second order of uncertainty with the pleaded ITMTC in relation
to GSK. Even if it can be ascertained which of the unknown GSK documents are
to be regarded as policies, it is uncertain which part of such policies should
be regarded as contractually binding under the pleaded ITMTC. Many of the
statements in the Policies, such as in the Code of Conduct, are clearly
phrased as aspirational statements. They do not appear to give employees a
contractual right to sue. The defendant referred to “principles of equality,
transparency and integrity” as an example. Another example is the company’s
value of “Respect” stated in the Code of Conduct, which is described as
“supporting colleagues and communities around us, and embracing diversity and
individuality, so that we can all achieve great things”. It is not apparent
that this was intended to give employees the contractual right to sue GSK for
any lack of diversity or impose legal standards that GSK is contractually
obliged to meet. A similar point was made in Tan Swee Wan and another v Johnny
Lian Tian Yong [2018] SGHC 169. There, it was alleged at [50(c)] that a term
stating that “the ultimate objective … was to list [a company] on NASDAQ, a
stock exchange in the United States of America” was a contractually binding
term. The court rejected this, holding at [240] that the term was merely “an
aspiration”, as it was “hard to see how the defendant could agree to be
subject to such a term … [the success of the NASDAQ] listing would depend on
numerous variables and circumstances, some or many of which the parties will
have little control over”.

46 The plaintiff acknowledges that there are aspirational statements in the
Policies and submits that aspirational statements should be treated as
obligations for GSK to use reasonable endeavours to achieve those standards.
Where, however, there are statements in the Policies that are phrased in
mandatory language, those should be treated as binding even though there is an
aspirational quality. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 15 line 12 to p 16 line 10.

The plaintiff cites as an example, a line from the Equality Policy 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 189.

which states that “managers and anyone with managerial responsibilities must …
[d]emonstrate equal and inclusive treatment of employees” and submits that
since the phrase “must” was used, it should be regarded as a contractual
obligation. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 17, lines 1 to 13.

However, the very same page of that document also states that managers must
“[c]reate an environment where employees are engaged in challenging work that
matches their talents and increases their skills”. Whether there is such an
environment would be highly subjective. What constitutes a breach would be
highly uncertain. It is not likely that GSK would regard such a phrase as
contractually binding, even though the word “must” was used. Words such as
“must” or ‘should” can also be used as exhortations, particularly in
aspirational documents, and need not necessarily indicate an intention to
impose a contractual obligation.

47 There is a separate level of uncertainty with the pleaded ITMTC, and that
is in relation to other companies or entities, whether in the private sector,
public sector or charity sector. There is no evidence before the court of the
content that other companies put into their internal policies, and whether it
would be appropriate for such policies to be treated as part of those
companies’ contractual obligations with their employees, which is the
inevitable outcome if the plaintiff is correct in submitting that the ITMTC as
pleaded is implied by law.

48 The plaintiff seeks to go around this difficulty by submitting that the
ITMTC as pleaded need not go that far as to affect other companies. This is
because it was held in Cheah Peng Hock at [60] that the content of ITMTC can
vary greatly depending on the facts of each case. The plaintiff hence submits
that a finding that the pleaded ITMTC is implied by law need not affect other
companies. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 20 line 5 to p 21 line 16.

49 However, the plaintiff also accepts that Forefront Medical Technology (Pte)
Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 (“Forefront”) was correct in
holding at [42] that “once a term has been implied [in law], such a term will
be implied in all future contracts of that particular type … [T]he central
idea is clear: it is that the term implied is implied in a general way for all
specific contracts that come within the purview of a broader umbrella category
of contracts” [emphasis in original]. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 21, line 17 to p 22, line 2.

The EA does not appear to be particularly unique. Following the principle set
out in Forefront, at the least, a company that imposes a contractual
obligation on its employees to comply with company policies, would similarly
face an implied term that the company too would be contractually bound by such
policies. Moreover, counsel for the plaintiff also accepts that if the pleaded
ITMTC is upheld on the basis of it being implied by law, then such a decision
would have precedential value, and other companies would have to be more
precise if they do not want to be bound by their internal policies in future.
In other words, there would be impact on other companies. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 25, lines 9 to 25.

50 This raises the question of whether it is appropriate, by way of implying
in law the pleaded ITMTC, to lay down a contractual obligation for other
companies to comply with their policies. Many companies include in their
internal documents, aspirational statements, as GSK did in this case. It is
commendable that companies put in aspirational statements in their policies,
as it provides high standards to strive towards. Oftentimes, companies do so
knowing that they may not be at that standard yet, but the aspirational
statements are nevertheless useful in providing the right directions to strive
toward. It is unlikely that they conceived of such aspirational statements as
being contractual obligations when they were crafted. It is also unclear
whether organisations would be discouraged from having such aspirational
statements and goals included in their policies if they were regarded as
contractual obligations. The plaintiff acknowledges that aspirational
statements could be caught by the umbrella of “all policies” and submits that
the distinction should be based on whether the aspirational statements were
phrased in mandatory terms. However, the plaintiff also accepts that it is not
known if aspirational statements elsewhere have been written in mandatory
terms or not. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 27, line 23 to p 28, line 21.

Consequently, there is uncertainty over whether the aspirational statements in
internal policies for other companies should be held to be contractually
binding, simply because of the presence of some mandatory language,
particularly when these could be set out in aspirational documents such as
documents on the values of a company. All of these introduce uncertainty of an
order which was not placed before the court in Cheah Peng Hock.

51 This brings me to another issue, which is whether a court hearing involving
a private dispute between a company and its employee, is the best modality to
decide if the internal policies of other companies, should be part of their
contractual obligations with their employees. In Barker (HC), the HCA observed
that the ITMTC would “intrude a common law policy choice of broad and
uncertain scope into an area of frequent, detailed and often contentious
legislative activity”: at [118]. Our courts have also expressed similar
concerns about such intrusion and have held that it “is impermissible for the
courts to arrogate to themselves legislative powers” or become “mini-
legislatures”: Lim Meng Suang and another v Attorney-General and another
appeal and another matter [2015] 1 SLR 26 (“Lim Meng Suang”) at [77]. This is
because the courts have no mandate to create or amend laws in a manner which
permits recourse to extra-legal policy factors as well as considerations. The
jurisdiction as well as the power to do so lie exclusively within the sphere
of the legislature: Lim Meng Suang at [77]. At the same time, our courts have
been able to make advancements in areas of common law, which affect a polarity
of parties, for example with respect to the test on medical negligence in Hii
Chii Kok v Ooi Peng Jin London Lucien and another [2017] 2 SLR 492.

52 In my view, the issue here is not about the respective capabilities or the
proper reach of the different institutions. Rather, it is a question of
whether the wider impact on other companies that flows from the plaintiff’s
submission on the pleaded ITMTC, is one that is best arrived at through the
process of a private employment dispute between two parties, ie, the plaintiff
and GSK.

53 The plaintiff’s submission is a very broad and far reaching one.

54 If accepted, his submission will lead to implications for other companies
in the private sector, public sector and charity sector, and not just GSK.
There will be a precedent for companies to be contractually bound by their own
policies pursuant to an ITMTC. Yet, there is nothing before the court as to
what constitutes policies for these companies or what part of their policies
should be binding. For example, the plaintiff submits that GSK’s townhall
communications of 29 May 2019 and June 2019 constitute policies. However,
townhalls are generally used for internal communications and discussions
between an organisation and its staff. There would be a wide range of
communications in a townhall. It is not clear that all such communications
would or should be regarded as policies. Neither is there evidence on whether
other companies have drafted their policies with the intent that the clauses
of such documents could form a potential ground for a contractual claim
against the company. A ruling that such policies have contractual force could
have widespread implications on the employer-employee dynamic in Singapore,
raising many unanswered questions and uncertainties. For example, what are the
implications if companies subsequently re-frame their policies in order to
limit such unintended legal exposure? What are the legal effects of internal
policies that are not published to employees? Whose breach would suffice to
constitute a breach on the part of the company in relation to this broad range
of policies? Will another employee’s breach of the company’s policies be
attributed to the company? These are highly pertinent questions that affect
the landscape of employment relationship in Singapore.

55 For the above reasons, I find that even on the assumption that the ITMTC
exists in Singapore, the ITMTC as pleaded by the plaintiff, ie, that a company
is contractually bound to comply with all its policies, is not part of
Singapore law.

56 In summary, I observe that while the plaintiff frames his case as being
based on the ITMTC, there is no precedent for an ITMTC of the content that he
seeks to ascribe. While positioning the claim as one of an ITMTC may allow the
plaintiff to tap into the jurisprudence accepting ITMTC, one should not lose
sight that the fundamental question that the plaintiff’s submission raises is
not whether an ITMTC exists in Singapore law, but whether it should be implied
in law (through an ITMTC) that companies are contractually bound to comply
with all their policies. For the reasons above, I find that such a term would
be too uncertain. I also do not regard an employment dispute between two
private parties as being the appropriate forum for determining that companies
elsewhere are similarly contractually bound to comply with all their policies.

57 As this is a threshold question for the plaintiff, my finding that there is
no ITMTC as pleaded that is implied in law, means that the plaintiff’s case
would be dismissed on this basis alone.

58 For completeness, I nevertheless proceed to consider if there are breaches
of the EA, assuming that an ITMTC as pleaded, is implied by law in Singapore.
As set out in my assessment below, I find that the facts do not bear out a
claim based directly on the ITMTC as pleaded, even if it existed.

Praveen’s omission from the May 2019 GSK list of personnel eligible for
assessment for Unilever roles

Parties’ position

59 The plaintiff submits that GSK’s omission of his name from the May 2019 GSK
list of personnel (“the List”) that was provided to Unilever, is a breach of
the EA, particularly the principles of equality in the Code of Conduct and the
Equality Policy.

60 GSK personnel who were included in the List underwent formal assessment by
Unilever including evaluation and screening of their curriculum vitae,
psychometric assessment profiling as well as formal interviews with Unilever
business leaders and human resources (“HR”). As Praveen was left out from the
List, he did not undergo any of these assessments. Praveen argues that he
would have been selected by Unilever if he were on the List.

61 GSK submits that the Code of Conduct and Equality Policy do not impose any
obligation on GSK to include Praveen in the List. Praveen was not
automatically eligible for a transfer to Unilever because only employees who
were solely supporting the Nutrition business and based in India were
automatically eligible. Praveen did not solely support the Nutrition business.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Rick Sheppard’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“Rick’s AEIC”) at [48]-[49].

62 Despite the fact that Praveen was not automatically eligible for a transfer
from GSK to Unilever, attempts were made to put him up for consideration for a
transfer to Unilever. He was also invited to several interviews with Unilever.
However, the final decision as to who Unilever wish to employ lay with
Unilever. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Rick’s AEIC at [50].

My decision

63 The plaintiff submits that GSK’s explanation for how the List was
constucted (ie, that the List only included employees solely supporting the
Nutrition business) is false, as there were GSK personnel who handled
leadership responsibilities for both the Nutrition and Digestive Health
businesses in the List. GSK was not able to respond directly to this. GSK
explained that the persons responsible for the Unilever roles, namely Karen
Stahl (“Karen”), GSK’s Global Categories Human Resource Lead, and Nikhila
Krishnan, had left the company and attempts to receive the documents from
various sources were not fruitful. This is not a wholly satisfactory
explanation.

64 It does not however, shift the balance of probabilities in Praveen’s favor
on this issue, when the totality of the evidence is taken into consideration.

65 The correspondence shows that even though Praveen was excluded from the
List, GSK nevertheless put him in touch with Unilever for consideration for a
role there:

(a) On 17 April 2019, Praveen sent an email to Karen stating, “Really
appreciate your having taken the time today to walk me through your
perspective on the Unilever opportunity. As discussed, please find attached my
resume for further action. Like mentioned, this is still exploratory and my
decision will depend as much on the responses I get for the following queries,
as also on the priorities of the family”. Praveen then listed four questions
to clarify with Unilever. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 (“1ABOD”) at pp 316 and 317.

(b) On the same day, Karen forwarded Praveen’s CV to Rahul Kapoor (“Rahul”),
Arun Sehgal and Jayant. She stated, “Both Jayant and I have had discussions
with Praveen about exploring opportunities with [Unilever]. He is open to
explore opportunities with [Unilever] with some questions outlined below”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1ABOD at p 316.

(c) Rahul replied stating that, “As we had shared with you, [w]e have already
sent info required to [Unilever] last week. I was in their office yesterday &
we did not discuss [Praveen] since we were not sure what our position is. Let
me see if anything can be done now. Will let you know. As already discussed,
[Praveen] is out of scope of this deal”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1ABOD at p 316.

(d) Karen replied, “I was very aware of your timelines but was waiting for
[the plaintiff] and it was important we had the right discussions with him. We
are fully aware that [Praveen] is out of scope as is he”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1ABOD at p 316.

(e) Rahul then asked Karen what the plaintiff’s current grade is, to which
Karen replied that she can confirm he is a “Grade 4”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1ABOD at pp 320-321.

(f) On 22 April 2019, Rahul messaged Karen stating that, “[Unilever] is happy
to have a conversation with [Praveen], Krishnan ([Unilever] Integration lead)
can have this call/Skype on Wednesday (9-945 India time). The questions from
[Praveen] had been shared with [Unilever]. Can you please confirm so that we
can go back to them”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1ABOD at p 320.

(g) On 26 April 2019, Praveen messaged Karen stating that he finished his
interaction with Krishnan and that Krishnan requested him to meet with Umesh
Shah, the Executive Vice President for Unilever Global based in Singapore. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1ABOD at p 324.

(h) On 30 April 2019, Praveen messaged Karen stating that his situation seemed
positive and that he had received the answers to some of his earlier
questions. He also said, “As discussed, I am approaching this with an open
mind and shall decide in consultation with Jayant.” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1ABOD at p 323.

(i) On 20 May 2019, Praveen sent a WhatsApp (“WA”) message to Jayant stating
that he had a good call with the Unilever folks and that “they sound eager
about Expert and are ambitious with the portfolio… They may not have a set
Expert role, but are in the process of designing the role itself.” 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1ABOD at p 329.

He also stated, “like you mentioned, it is nice to be a beacon so long as you
know who is going to hold it next.”

(j) On 27 May 2019, Rahul messaged Karen stating, “On [Praveen], we have got
confirmation that HUL/Unilever currently doesn’t have a role which matches his
experience and skill profile. So it can be shared with [Praveen].”

66 The above correspondence shows three things. First, as of 17 April 2019,
Praveen was not completely decided on whether to be considered for a role in
Unilever. Second, even though Praveen was not on the List, GSK put him in
touch with Unilever for their consideration of him and Praveen did meet with
Unilever personnel. Third, it was not GSK that declined to offer Praveen a
role in Unilever. It was Unilever that subsequently decided not to offer
Praveen a job. Praveen himself acknowledged to Jayant in their correspondence
that Unilever did not have a set Expert role, which was his area of expertise:
see above at [65(i)].

67 The plaintiff initially argued that Praveen’s exclusion from the List
prejudiced him, as all those that were on the List were offered roles. I note
that this position was adjusted subsequently, when the plaintiff submitted
instead that it is the undisputed evidence of both Praveen and Prateek Jain
(“Prateek”) that “almost all the people on the list obtained roles in
Unilever” [emphasis added]. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PSS at [79].

Prateek is a former GSK employee who held a leadership role, who was
transferred to Unilever. He appeared as a witness for Praveen. On the
plaintiff’s evidence then, being on the List did not automatically result in a
role with Unilever. That being the case, it is difficult for the plaintiff to
submit that the mere exclusion of Praveen from the List resulted in him being
unable to secure a role with Unilever. More fundamentally, there is no
evidence that Unilever, as the party taking over the business, was unable to
exercise its discretion on what roles it needed and who to offer them to, and
instead had to offer roles to anyone who was on the List put up by GSK.

68 Praveen also acknowledged that when he does recruitment, he would take the
best person for the job, regardless of whether that person was on some initial
list. Prateek testified that Unilever would have to make its own assessment as
to who it wishes to employ for its senior roles. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

28 July 2022 Transcript p 156, lines 19-22.

69 Praveen initially explained that he was not offered a role by Unilever
because his area of strength was Expert Marketing, in particular marketing to
pharmaceutical professionals (compared with consumer marketing) and Unilever
did not have roles for Expert Marketing. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

27 July 2022 Transcript p 47, lines 11-22.

If that was so, then GSK cannot be faulted for Unilever’s decision not to
create roles for Expert Marketing.

70 Praveen subsequently explained that Unilever did have roles for Expert
Marketing but did not offer him a role because he was not on the List. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

27 July 2022 Transcript p 68, lines 7-10.

Leaving aside that this explanation contradicted what he had earlier said on
the stand, this does not explain why the exclusion of Praveen from the List
would have been determinative for Unilever.

71 As Praveen had acknowledged, a recruiter would choose the best person for
the job, regardless of whether that person was on an initial list. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

28 July 2022 Transcript at p 124, lines 1-7.

If Unilever did need people for Expert Marketing roles, there is no logical
reason, and certainly no reason that has been placed before the court, as to
why Unilever would choose not to take Praveen if he was suitable for a role
Unilever required, even if he was not on the List. This is particularly so
when Unilever’s interest in the Unilever deal was not just the purchase of the
Nutrition business but also the people and their expertise. Prateek testified
to that effect: “[a]s part of the Unilever Deal, GSK started to look into
which personnel would be transferred to Unilever as the latter would not
simply be purchasing the Nutrition business, which was around 45% of the NDH
business, but more importantly, the people and their expertise.” 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Prateek Jain’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“Prateek’s AEIC”) at [12].

72 Examining the evidence in totality, I find that GSK did not breach the EA,
even if it contained a contractual obligation on the part of GSK to abide by
the Code of Conduct and Equality Policy, by excluding Praveen from the List
for consideration by Unilever.

GSK’s failure to disclose the creation of the new LT-1 role to Praveen and the
appointment of Tess without giving Praveen opportunity to apply

Parties’ position

73 The plaintiff submits that GSK’s failure to disclose the creation of the
LT-1 role to Praveen and the appointment of Tess to the LT-1 role without
giving Praveen an opportunity to apply for the role is a breach of the EA,
particularly: (a) GSK’s “LT-1 & 2 A&S principles, process and proposed
timelines”; 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 3 at p 1564-1574.

(b) GSK’s communications to the attendees of the 29 May 2019 and June 2019
town hall; (c) the June 2019 Leadership Communication Pack (“LCP”); (d) the
Code of Conduct; and (e) the Equality Policy.

74 The plaintiff submits that Tamara breached GSK’s policies by failing to
adhere to the LT-1 A&S policies. The plaintiff challenges GSK’s explanation
that there was no A&S process for the LT-1 role because Tess was appointed as
a “Talent Appointment”, on the following grounds:

(a) First, there is no evidence that the talent appointment process was
permitted within GSK.

(b) Second, there is no evidence that the talent appointment process was used
in respect of the LT-1 role. GSK relies on a policy titled “Best practice for
global job posting” (“Posting Policy”). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 4 (“4ABOD”) at p 2414-2416.

The plaintiff submits that the Posting Policy applies only where the role
becomes an open one in the course of the A&S process. In the document titled
“A&S Principles and Process – HR Guidance” (“A&S HR Guidance”), 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

4ABOD at p 2427.

the only reference to the talent appointment process states that “A talent
appointment will not normally have a ‘home’ role as it will have been
backfilled i.e. usually is a permanent move”. It also states that as part of
the A&S process, the talent appointment ought to be considered with similar
employees in the same pool. Thus, the plaintiff submits that even if Tess was
considered a “talent”, the A&S process suggests she should have been put in a
pool with similar candidates (in this case, other LT-2 Global Experts) in
order to decide who ought to get the LT-1 Global Expert role.

(c) Third, the plaintiff submits that the absence of related documents from
GSK shows that: (i) there was no guidance from HR or the senior leadership
team to Tamara on this, contrary to what she alleged; (ii) there were other
considerations relating to the LT-1 role that if revealed, will show that
Praveen is not less qualified than Tess; and/or (iii) there were other
candidates (including Praveen) besides Tess put forth for the LT-1 role but
Tamara did not consider them. Alternatively, the lack of documentary records
shows that Tess’s appointment to the LT-1 role was done without regard to GSK
policies. The Posting Policy contains the requirement for the manager to
document the justification for not conducting an open application, which was
not done.

(d) Fourth, Praveen contends that if there was an open process, he would have
been selected over Tess, as he was told by Karen and Jayant that he was the
strongest contender in the Expert roles that may open up following GSK’s
restructuring.

75 GSK submits that there is no breach of the EA. The Code of Conduct, the
Equality Policy, GSK’s alleged representations in the May and June 2019
townhalls and the June LCP do not impose any obligation on GSK to disclose the
creation of the new LT-1 role to Praveen or give him an opportunity to apply.

76 GSK submits that Tess was appointed via a talent appointment process. The
Posting Policy specifically contemplates that GSK may choose not to post a job
when, among other things, “[t]he job is being filled by a particular employee
in order to meet a critical business need, and/or where both the best
interests of the individual and the company are served”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Tamara Rogers’ Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“Tamara’s AEIC”) at p 9.

It also allows for it where “[q]ualified candidates have been identified
through the Leadership Planning/Succession Planning/ Differentiated
Development process internally.”

77 Since March 2019, the LT-1 role selection process was not envisaged to be
an “open” process for general application. The selection of LT-1 personnel was
a targeted exercise, with the relevant members of the designate Leadership
Team (“LT”) being given a significant amount of autonomy to assemble their
LT-1 team based on recommendations from senior LT staff within GSK and Pfizer.
Such targeted manner of appointment is not unusual within GSK. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Tamara’s AEIC at [20]-[22].

78 Against that backdrop, Tamara created the LT-1 role of Global Head of
Expert Marketing to address a gap in expert marketing. This LT-1 role required
the potential appointee to have an excellent grasp of both expert marketing
and consumer-facing marketing. Tamara's assessment, even if she had been aware
of Praveen, is that she would have found Tess to be the only suitable
candidate. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Tamara’s AEIC at [23]-[24] and [34]-[35].

My decision

79 It was accepted by the plaintiff after the evidence was taken at trial,
that the question is not whether there is a system for Talent Appointments in
GSK. Rather, the nub of the issue here is whether GSK could directly deploy
Tess for the LT-1 role (“direct deployment process) without opening the LT-1
role for applications from other candidates (“open posting process”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 37, lines 13 to 21.

80 I will deal first with the evidence relating to the direct deployment
process, followed by whether there was any breach of the direct deployment
process, before addressing Praveen’s contention that he would have been
selected if there was an open posting process.

Whether there is a direct deployment process in GSK

81 Tamara’s evidence is that there is generally an open posting process, but
direct deployments can be made as an exception. She adduced the Posting Policy
that sets out the conditions under which direct deployments could be made. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Tamara’s AEIC at pp 41-43.

The Posting Policy states that the company “may choose not to post a job when
the following apply”. This includes where “Qualified candidates have been
identified through the Leadership Planning/Succession Planning/ Differentiated
Development process internally”. The Posting Policy also includes other
situations which does not involve personnel considered by GSK as a Talent
Appointment, for example, where the “job is part of a developmental or
rotational programme”.

82 Tamara’s evidence on direct deployment is supported by the Posting Policy
as well as contemporaneous correspondence. GSK’s internal investigator Chris
Dilworth (“Chris”), in his email to Praveen on 29 June 2020 (“Chris’ email”)
informing him of the state of his investigations, stated that Tess’s
appointment was a “Talent Appointment”. He refers to a “UK Postings” policy
and indicates that he understands that the sentiments within it apply
globally. What he cites is exactly the same as the first bullet point in the
Posting Policy, namely that there could be direct deployment for qualified
candidates identified through “Leadership Planning/Succession
Planning/Differentiated Development process internally”.

83 The plaintiff submits that Chris’ email supports his case. He refers to a
part of Chris’ email, where he said that there appeared to have been no
reference to the use of such appointments in the distributed literature and it
might have been prudent to explicitly state that the company reserved the
right to make Talent Appointments in advance. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 67.

However, when that email is read in full, it is clear that Chris was not
saying that a direct deployment process for a Talent Appointment did not exist
or that it was wrong to use it, but that the lack of reference to this in
published materials offered opportunity for confusion. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 744.

Chris was making a critique of GSK’s communications, but he did not question
the existence of a direct deployment process for a Talent Appointment or its
use.

84 The plaintiff also referred to the A&S HR Guidance to support his case.
Tamara’s evidence was that this document sets out the process in relation to
open postings and does not preclude direct deployments for Talent
Appointments. Tamara testified that a Talent Appointment could be part of an
open posting, and when part of an opening posting, could be subject to the
principles of this document. I accept that this is the proper reading of this
document.

85 I make the following observations on the A&S HR Guidance that Praveen
relies. First, it is unclear on the face of the document whether it is
binding. The header of the document reads “Guidance” and the last sentence in
the document reads, “In all cases the business should consider what is fair
and reasonable”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

4ABOD at p 2450.

These suggest that the document is meant to provide guidelines and not binding
instructions that GSK must comply with under all circumstances. The plaintiff
accepts that this document is framed as “Guidance” but submits that as part of
the document states that the “process will adhere to GSK Values, treat people
fairly, respectfully and take place in a timely manner”, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

4ABOD at p 2431.

it should hence be done in accordance with GSK values and commitment. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 33, line 7 to p 34, line 15.

I do not find that this sentence alone changes the entire nature of the
document, such that it takes the document beyond what it is clearly titled as,
namely “Guidance”, rather than a binding set of HR instructions. Given that it
is only “Guidance”, it would be a stretch to say that a breach of its contents
amounts to a breach of GSK’s contractual obligations to its employees, whether
read on its own or together with the GSK values and commitment.

86 Second, in any event, even if it is a binding set of HR instructions, I am
of the view that the A&S HR Guidance does not preclude direct deployment of a
Talent Appointment under the Posting Policy. Praveen relies on a line in that
document that states: “If an open role/ new role has been created as part of
the restructure, which you think you would be suitable for / which you would
like apply for, you would be supported to apply via the usual GSK Vacancy/GSK
Job Posting process.” 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

4ABOD at p 2436.

However, this line is set out in a table that describes four most likely
outcomes in the event of an organisational change, one of which is that there
is an “Open Role”. The line that Praveen relies on is the description for such
an outcome. Notably, the slide as a whole does not set out to define the
posting processes, but merely highlights likely outcomes. Neither does it
specify whether the “open role / new role” that is mentioned, applies to LT-1
or LT-2 roles or both. Nor does it state that there will be only open postings
and that direct deployments are precluded.

87 I note also that there is a question in the FAQ to this document, asking
“How do you treat employees who are Talent Appointments?” The answer given is
“The TA would be considered with the aligned pool of employee”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

4ABOD at p 2450.

The reference to “TA” in the FAQ suggests that Talent Appointments are
recognised within GSK generally. The plaintiff accepted that on the basis of
this document, there may have been a “TA” process but submits that “TA”
postings would still have to be subject to the processes set out in A&S HR
Guidance. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 35, line 23 to p 37 line 12.

However, I find that this is not borne out by the document. It does not state
definitively that Talent Appointments can only be posted as per the processes
set out therein. It only mentions Talent Appointments as a part of the FAQ and
using the phrase that a Talent Appointment “will not normally” have a home
role.

88 Similarly, GSK’s communications in the “A&S Approach LT-1 & 2”, GSK’s
townhall meetings of May and June 2019 and the June LCP, do not exclude the
possibility of a direct deployment process for a Talent Appointment.

89 Tamara’s evidence of a direct deployment process is also supported by Rick.
He testified that “this [direct deployment] is consistent with how we operated
for years”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

29 July 2022 Transcript at p 25, lines 21-22.

I found him to be a credible and reasonable witness, who provided candid
responses that did not always follow GSK’s case. His evidence adds further
weight to what Tamara testified, as well as what the documents and
correspondence show.

90 Moreover, LT-1 roles are very senior positions in GSK. They are one level
down from the top leadership roles, which contains C-Suite appointments. It is
not unbelievable that GSK would retain discretion to make direct appointments
of such senior positions for talent management purposes.

91 As the primary materials that Praveen relies on do not support his case
that GSK could not have carried out a direct deployment of a Talent
Appointment, it is not necessary to go into how the absence of documentary
records could show that there were other candidates including Praveen or show
that Praveen was not less qualified than Tess.

Whether there was a breach of the direct deployment process

92 Praveen also objects to the direct deployment of Tess as a Talent
Appointment, assuming that her deployment was valid, on the ground that
Tamara, as the manager, failed to record her justification for not conducting
an open application, as required by the Posting Policy.

93 I note that it is unclear on the wording of the Posting Policy, if it was
intended to be a binding set of HR instructions. It is titled “Best practices
for global job posting”. It also starts by saying “This document provides
global guidance”. Taken together, these lines suggest that the document sets
out recommended practices which are not necessarily binding. The plaintiff
accepts that this document is just for guidance. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 38, lines 10-22.

However, if this document is only for guidance, then Tess’s failure to keep
documentation could not be regarded as being in breach of a binding HR policy.
The plaintiff submits that there could still be a breach of GSK policy, in so
far as it breaches the requirement in the Equality Policy 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 189.

that managers “must” demonstrate “equal and inclusive treatment of employees”.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

26 September 2022 at p 38, line 23 to p 39, line 23.

As set out above, the use of the term “must” in the Equality Policy does not
mean that this line should be regarded to be a binding obligation. Moreover,
if the Posting Policy is only a best practice or guidance, as accepted by the
plaintiff, that would also mean that there is no binding HR instruction that
required Tess to keep documentation. It would only be a breach of a
recommended practice or guidance. That would present a far weaker case for a
breach of “equal and inclusive treatment", than a breach of binding HR
instructions.

94 In any event, even if the Posting Policy was binding, under the Posting
Policy, the “keeping” of such documentation is not couched as a condition that
managers must fulfill before the Talent Appointment process can be used. The
Posting Policy states that the “company may choose not to post a job when the
following apply” and lists six situations in which the company may choose not
to post a job. This is followed by the line “Managers who decide not to post a
role based on reasons listed above should, following agreement with Human
Resources, document their decision and record the justification for future
reference” [emphasis added]. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Tamara’s AEIC at pp 41-42.

The documentation of such decision is phrased as a recommendation, and not a
pre-condition to the use of the direct deployment. Therefore, under the
Posting Policy, the lack of proper documentation does not negate GSK’s
decision to appoint specific candidates via direct deployment, under one of
the listed situations.

Whether Praveen would have been selected under an open posting process

95 I will deal next with Praveen’s contention that he would have been selected
for the LT-1 role if there had been an open posting process.

96 Tamara’s evidence is that GSK identified Tess as the person suitable for
the role, considering her successes in GSK Consumer Healthcare’s largest
division and her wide experiences with global markets. Tamara testified that
she would have found Tess more suitable even if she had the opportunity to
consider Praveen. She explained that Tess joined GSK in 1995 and had
significant experience in GSK Consumer Healthcare’s largest and most
successful division, Therapeutic Oral Health, which has footprints in more
than 100 global markets. Tess had already started working on the Expert
capabilities for other categories even before she was appointed as Global Head
of Expert Marketing. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Tamara’s AEIC, at pp 13-14.

In contrast, Praveen joined GSK in 2014 and his experience relates to GSK’s
Digestive Health category, which is a small category of lesser strategic
importance, and has a smaller global footprint. Praveen’s experience was
limited to India initially and Singapore thereafter. His experiences may not
be sufficient for the role of the Global Head of Expert Marketing, which
requires an understanding of the global markets. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Tamara’s AEIC at [40]-[42].

97 Praveen disputes Tamara’s assessment that he did not have sufficient global
experience. However, in his correspondence with GSK staff, Praveen
acknowledges that such assessments of him were fair. For example, he told Rick
that feedback he received from Tess that “[his] exposure outside India and
Asia is minimal given nature of NDH business” is fair. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

1ABOD at pp 515-516.

98 Rick was also asked on his views of Tess. He said:

I have thought about this, candidly, over the last couple of years this has
gone on. To me, it was not a surprise that Tess Player was announced as the
LT-1 leader in expert. Right? Once again, as I think about work that she's
done -- like, we had a major focus on how do we measure and prove the ROI of
an expert investment, which is significant. We're talking 2 millions of pounds
here. She was leading a very broad, 3 multi-functional team for about 12
months, in addition to her other work, to go do that because we were trying to
ensure that that investment was working. It was highly visible. She was
involved with also the integration planning when we went from GSK to Novartis,
so she was seen as a real thought leader in the company. So it did not
surprise me that she was selected. So think about it from a business
perspective. She had the largest category, seen as the most developed expert
strategist. So all those arguments to me says that was a clear and -- I hate
to say this -- obvious choice to me from where I sat. But, you know, I didn't
know Praveen before that LT-1 selection, so I got to be fair about that as
well.

99 The plaintiff submits that the justifications for Tess’s appointment were
developed after the event, and that he was discriminated as he had been told
that he was the strongest contender for the Expert role. He also refers to
strong assessments and commendations about him, for example, winning the
President & CEO award in 2017, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1ABOD at p 466.

him being indicated as having a “research driven, best-in class profile” by
Korn Ferry, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1ABOD at p 491.

and Jayant stating in a feedback form that “Praveen’s organization has
consistently had the highest engagement scores across GSKCH. His teams love
him.” 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1ABOD at p 498.

100 GSK does not dispute that Praveen was a good performer and that he
received these assessments or awards. What GSK disputes is their officers
telling Praveen that he was the strongest contender, or that he was such a
strong contender that he would have been given the LT-1 role if he was
included in the process, or given the LT-2 roles if not for the alleged
discrimination.

101 Jayant, who was previously Praveen’s line manager, testified that he did
not recall telling Praveen that he was the strongest contender. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Jayant Kumar Singh’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at [32]-[33].

There was also no mention of Praveen being the strongest contender in the
communications between GSK staff when Praveen was being put up for
consideration by Unilever. During cross-examination, Praveen accepted that it
was never said that he was the strongest candidate for Unilever. Jayant’s
testimony is consistent with the feedback form that he filled in for Praveen
as part of the A&S process for LT-1 and LT-2 roles. He did not state there
that Praveen was the strongest contender for expert roles. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

1ABOD at p 498.

102 The performance ratings given to Praveen also do not suggest that he would
be regarded as the strongest contender for Expert roles. Praveen was given a
“3 – Strong Performance” rating in his Year End Performance Review by a
Prashant Pandey in 2014 and 2015. The assessment is done on a scale of “1” to
“5”, with “1” being the highest. A “3” would be in the middle. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Praveen’s AEIC at pp 122-124.

Praveen received a “2” rating from Prashant Pandey for his performance in 2016
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 125.

and a “3” rating for his performance in 2017 by Manor Kumar 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 126

. Tamara testified that the majority of GSK staff would get a “3” rating. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

3 August 2022 Transcript at p 223, line 18 to p 224, line 3.

103 In addition, Praveen testified that any assurance he received about being
a strong contender was not in relation to any role but based on his CV. Rick
explained that the staff assessment does not contain any comparative
assessment. He also explained that GSK does not engage in cross-ranking of GSK
officers. Praveen himself acknowledged that it would be difficult for a
supervisor to assess the strength of his staff relative to other officers
whose work they did not know.

104 In applying for roles, there would invariably be competition with others
in the organisation who had not worked for Praveen’s line manager. I find it
unlikely that Jayant or Karen (who was in HR but not Praveen’s supervisor)
would have told Praveen that he was the strongest contender without knowing
what role he was specifically applying for or who he was contending with for
such a role. I accept Jayant’s evidence that he did not make such assurances
to Praveen.

105 In summary, on the evidence before the court, I do not find that GSK has
breached the EA in selecting Tess over Praveen for the LT-1 role.

Whether there is a breach of the Employment Agreement from Praveen being
passed over for the LT-2 roles

Parties’ position

106 The plaintiff submits that GSK’s failure to fairly consider Praveen for
the LT-2 roles is a breach of the EA, particularly: (a) GSK’s “A&S Approach
LT-1 &2”; (b) GSK’s communications to the attendees of the 29 May 2019 and
June 2019 town hall; (c) the June LCP; (d) the Code of Conduct; (e) the
Equality Policy; and (f) the Non-Retaliation Policy.

107 The plaintiff submits that through Tess and Rick, GSK failed to fairly
consider Praveen for the LT-2 roles, passing him over in favour of appointees
who were less qualified and were associated with Tess, as retaliation for
probing into Tess’s appointment to the LT-1 role. GSK’s claim that because of
the “geographic pooling principle”, Praveen was eligible for only a single
LT-2 role based in the USA, for which he was unsuitable, is unsupported by
evidence.

108 GSK submits that there is no breach of the EA. Praveen was not selected
for the LT-2 roles as he was unsuitable for them. At the outset, before the
formation of the new Consumer Healthcare Joint Venture, the LT-2 marketing
teams were based in different locations, including Weybridge (UK), Nyon
(Switzerland), Singapore and Warren (USA). In forming the new Consumer
Healthcare Joint Venture (“Consumer Healthcare JV”) between GSK and Pfizer,
what was deemed to be fair and equitable was that individuals would only be
allowed to apply for or be considered for roles in one geographic location
(the “geographic pooling principle”). At the material time, Praveen was
supporting both the Pain Relief Category and the NDH Category. In this regard,
following the formation of the Consumer Healthcare JV, it was intended that
the NDH category would no longer exist, and a new Wellness category would be
based in Warren (USA). On the “geographic pooling principle”, Praveen could
only be considered for Wellness roles based in the USA. He was included in the
pool of eligible candidates there for the LT-2 role of Expert Lead on
Wellness, as he was then the Expert Lead for NDH.

109 Rick and Tess interviewed Praveen for the position of the LT-2 role of
Expert Lead on Wellness. Following the interview, they concluded that Praveen
was not suitable for two reasons. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Tracey’s Margaret Hort Player’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“Tess’s AEIC”)
at [25], [31], [34] and [37]; Rick’s AEIC at [36].

First, the role was a Grade 5 role and Praveen was previously in a Grade 4
role. GSK would have exceeded costs for that role by placing an employee who
was in a more senior Grade. Second, the LT-2 Expert Lead on Wellness role
required less traditional healthcare professional marketing (which Praveen was
more experienced in) but more health influencer digital work, as well as prior
experiences in USA or China. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Tess’s AEIC at [39].

The interview feedbacks were relayed to Praveen, which he acknowledged were
“pragmatic and based on fair and transparent evaluation”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 584.

110 GSK denies Praveen’s allegation that he had not been fairly considered by
Tess for the LT-2 roles because of her prejudice against him stemming from his
probe into her LT-1 appointment. Tess was not aware at the material times that
Praveen had probed into the propriety of her appointment to the new LT-1 role.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Tess’s AEIC at [44] and [45].

111 GSK denies Praveen's allegation that he was passed over for the LT-2 roles
in favour of nine appointees associated with Tess despite them being less
qualified and having less market exposure than him. The evidence does not bear
out Praveen’s claim that the nine were mostly of British nationality or from
Tess’s team. Among the nine appointees identified by Praveen:

(a) Ms Nadeen Jibry and Ms Jo Franklin were not part of the LT-2 A&S process.
They were part of the LT-3 process and were assessed for roles based in
Weybridge, which Praveen was not eligible to be considered for under the
geographic pooling principle. They were appointed to LT-3 roles, which Praveen
was not keen on. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Tess’s AEIC at [47] to [50], [51] to [54].

(b) Ms Janan Ranjan was not selected in the A&S process for a LT-2 role and
was eventually made redundant. There is no basis for Praveen to draw any
comparison with Ms. Ranjan. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Tess’s AEIC at [55] to [56].

(c) Ms Sandhya Sud applied for the role of Global Marketing Director for
Expert when it became an open role and was appointed to the role. Praveen did
not apply for this role when it became an open role. This was a LT-3 role,
which Praveen was not keen on. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Tess’s AEIC at [57] to [61].

(d) The remaining five appointees (Ms Kavita Sud, Ms Sabrina Sharpe, Mr
Stephen Glynn, Ms Jessica Bobet and Ms Heather Pelier) were appointed to LT-2
roles which Praveen was not eligible for under the geographic pooling
principle, as they were either based in Weybridge (UK) or Nyon (Switzerland).
GSK also submits that it is not fair to say that the appointees to the various
LT-2 roles were less qualified or had less market exposure than Praveen. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Tess’s AEIC at [62] to [82].

My decision

112 In the plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, his submissions on GSK’s breaches
regarding the LT-2 roles substantially diverged from his pleaded case. In his
Statement of Claim at paragraphs 50 to 54, he pleaded that GSK’s breaches were
that: (a) Praveen was passed over for the LT-2 roles in favor of appointees
associated with Tess or their British nationality despite them being less
qualified and having less market exposure than him; (b) Praveen was not fairly
considered by Tess for LT-2 roles because of Tess’s prejudice against him
stemming from his probing into the propriety of her appointment to the new
LT-1 role; and (c) there was systemic discrimination against personnel of
Asian nationalities or minority descent. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Statement of Claim at [51]-[54].

113 In the plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, Praveen did not submit on the
above pleaded claims. Instead, his submissions focused on the following: (a)
GSK did not comply with “A&S Approach LT-1 & 2”, which the plaintiff submits
sets out the policy for the LT-2 application process; (b) there was no basis
for GSK to rely on the “geographic pooling principle”; (c) GSK’s claims that
the unfilled roles became open roles should not be believed; and (d) Praveen
was more qualified than the other LT-2 candidates that were selected.

114 I will first examine Praveen’s case on the basis of what he had pleaded,
before examining his case as based on his Closing Submissions, which differed
from his pleadings.

Praveen’s pleaded case

115 Unlike the LT-1 Role, Praveen was invited to participate in the A&S
process for the LT-2 role. He completed his online psychometric test and
attended interviews with Tess and Rick. After the interview, Praveen received
feedback that he might not be considered for the LT-2 role because there were
specific skillsets that he did not have, that he was overqualified and
underqualified in some respects for the roles; that his exposure to markets
outside of India and Asia is limited; and that his networking and business
development efforts required improvement. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Praveen’s AEIC at pp 51-52.

116 Contrary to Praveen’s allegations, the email correspondence does not
suggest that Tess had any ill-intentions toward Praveen or that she was trying
to “get back” at him for probing about the inappropriateness of her
appointment. Tess stated that she did not even know that Praveen had probed
into the propriety of her appointment to the new LT-1 role and that she was
only made aware in the course of these proceedings. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Tess’s AEIC at [45].

The plaintiff submits that the email correspondence in February 2020 where
Tess was copied on an update about his complaint, shows that Tess was lying
about when she learnt about his complaint. The plaintiff highlights that the
email also stated that the “outcome was subsequently in conversations with
Rick and Tess as well” and submits that it cannot be true that Tess was only
aware of Praveen’s complaints in the course of these proceedings. Tess’s
evidence was that she did not recall this email and that Ruth had not spoken
to her about this.

117 I do not find this to be a material inconsistency, such that Tess’s
evidence that she did not know of the allegations at the time of the LT-2
appointments should be doubted. Even on the email correspondence, the earliest
that Tess could have known of Praveen’s complaints was in February 2020, about
five to six months after the LT-2 roles were decided on. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Ruth’s AEIC at p 161.

118 Praveen further submits that GSK HR had not shown the ability to keep his
identity confidential and it is therefore likely that Tess was informed around
June 2019. However, this is purely speculation. The email exchanges indicate
that Tess recognized Praveen’s contributions in driving the “step-change in
their expert programme” and sought direct feedback from his manager, Jayant,
for his views on Praveen. The email exchange between Rick and Tess dated 26
July 2019 shows that she wanted to put Praveen up for consideration for the
Expert Lead on Wellness role, which was based in the USA, despite Rick’s
reservations. Jayant was also copied in this email. The material aspects of
the exchange are set out below: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Tess’s AEIC at pp 112-113.

Rick: I see you have included Praveen Nair in the talent pool for Expert Lead
on Wellness. I don’t know Praveen, but I would like to understand why you
think he should be included? I believe this role needs to be located in the
USA … if so, I am not sure we would consider an international transfer to fill
the role? Seems like a very expensive proposition.

Tess: I included Praveen as he is currently the Expert lead for NDH, reporting
to Jayant. He is based in Singapore on a localized package… For background, he
was the Expert lead (all categories I think) in ISC driving the step-change in
their expert programme, the benefits of which are now being reaped.

…

Jayant - it would be great to get your perspective on him, did you do his line
manager report?

119 The evidence does not show that Tess and Rick were simply going through
the motion with no intention to fairly consider him for the role when they
interviewed him. The “Hiring Manager Report” dated 24 June 2019, which was
produced for Praveen’s interview, analyzed in detail his behavioral
competencies, traits, and drivers. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Tess’s AEIC at pp 97 to 105.

Feedback from Praveen’s former manager, Jayant, was also considered. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Tess’s AEIC at p 107.

There is evidence that Tess and Rick discussed after the interview and reached
a consensus that Praveen was not suitable. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Tess’s AEIC at p 117.

The evidence indicates that Tess and Rick had properly considered Praveen’s
application but came to a business decision that he was not suitable.

120 In relation to the other GSK officers who were appointed to the LT-2 roles
ahead of Praveen, the plaintiff objected on the ground that there is no policy
for auto-elevation of LT-3 personnel to LT-2 simply because their supervisor
has been “promoted”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS at [104].

However, there is no evidence that the LT-3 personnel were promoted to LT-2
roles simply because their supervisor, Tess, had been promoted. Neither has
the plaintiff pointed to any policy that prevents LT-3 personnel from taking
on LT-2 roles.

121 The other dimension of the plaintiff’s objection is that the personnel
appointed to LT-2 roles were appointed because of their close association with
Tess or their British nationalities. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Statement of Claim at [50].

However, the evidence does not bear this out. Tess testified that four of the
nine appointees were not in her former team and did not report directly or
indirectly to her. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Tess’s AEIC at pp 24 to 36.

Furthermore, out of the nine appointees, while four are of British
nationality, the rest came from diverse backgrounds, including Kuwait,
Germany, Singapore, Canada and Switzerland. For instance, Ms Sandhya Sud, one
of the appointees, is a Singapore national who was not in Tess’s former team
and did not report directly or indirectly to Tess. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Tess’s AEIC at [57].

Tess also testified that in Weybridge itself, there were people of other
nationalities and ethnicities. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

4 August 2022 Transcript at p 160 line 3 to p 161 line 6.

For completeness, while the plaintiff pleaded that there was systemic
discrimination against persons of Asian nationalities, including himself, the
plaintiff did not substantiate this pleading and abandoned this point in his
Closing Submissions.

Praveen’s unpleaded case

122 I will next examine the plaintiff’s submissions, based on his unpleaded
case in the Closing Submissions.

123 The plaintiff relies on a document “A&S Approach LT-1 & 2”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

3ABOD 1556-1574.

The defendant objects to this as the breach of this document was never
pleaded. Paragraph 13 of the Statement of Claim (“SOC”) sets out the Policies
that the plaintiff relied on. The document “A&S Approach LT-1 & 2” is not one
of such documents. Furthermore, paragraph 16 of the SOC only refers to the
defendant being bound by the ITMTC to abide by GSK “Policies” [emphasis in
original]. This phrase “Policies” is defined at paragraph 13 of the SOC, which
does not include the “A&S Approach LT-1 & 2” document. It is trite law that
parties are bound by their pleadings and the court is precluded from deciding
on a matter that the parties themselves have decided not to put into issue: V
Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v
Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR 142 (“V Nithia”) at
[38]. In Poh Lian Construction (Pte) Ltd (in liquidation) v Lauw Wisanggeni
and others (Chia Quee Hock and others, third parties) [2019] SGHC 114 (“Poh
Lian”) it was held at [75] that it is only in very rare circumstances where
“no prejudice is caused to the other party” or where “it would be clearly
unjust for the court not to do so” that a court should decide on the basis of
unpleaded issues or claims, and that this is a high bar to meet.

124 The plaintiff responds that V Nithia only applies where a party is
advancing an entirely new case at trial. In V Nithia, it was found that the
pleaded claim did not support a claim based on proprietary estoppel but one
based on resulting trust. The claims involved significantly different factual
underpinnings and involved more than pure issues of law. The plaintiff
submitted that his pleading in relation to GSK policies is a general one, as
he pleaded that GSK policies under cl 5.2 of the LOA “include all existing
policies of GSK”.

125 I note that the decision in V Nithia precludes matters “that the parties
themselves have decided not to put into issue”. The plaintiff has set out the
GSK policies relied on at paragraph 13 of the SOC. His case on the breach of
GSK policies in relation to the ITMTC, is stated at paragraph 16 of the SOC,
which references paragraph 13 of the SOC. The "A&S Approach LT-1 & 2" is not
mentioned in paragraph 13 of the SOC. In my view, given the breadth of GSK
policies, it cannot be said that all the GSK policies were put into issue with
respect to all aspects of the plaintiff’s claim, simply because he pleaded
that GSK policies under cl 5.2 of the LOA included all of GSK’s policies. That
was in relation to the coverage of cl 5.2, and not his claim for breaches in
relation to LT-2 roles. The plaintiff would have to specify which policy was
breached by GSK for the LT-2 roles, in order for the defendant to know the
case that it had to meet. That there was a breach of the processes set out in
“A&S Approach LT-1 & 2” in relation to LT-2 roles is effectively a new case,
which was not made in the pleadings. The claim that GSK had breached the “A&S
Approach LT-1 & 2” was not even mentioned in Praveen’s affidavit of evidence
in chief (“AEIC”). I hence agree with GSK that the unpleaded breach of “A&S
Approach LT-1 & 2” in relation to LT-2 roles should not be taken into account.

126 In any event, I have also assessed the alleged breach of the “A&S Approach
LT-1 & 2”, assuming that this claim was allowed, and find that it does not
advance the plaintiff’s case. The document was enclosed as an attachment to an
email in March 2019 from Paul Creedon to a small group of recipients within
GSK. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 447.

The email said that it enclosed “some pre-reads to help guide our team session
next Tuesday regarding the JV”. The document itself started with a disclaimer,
that the “following pages contain data and analysis to be shared for planning
purposes only, and which should not be shared further”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 450.

127 The document ends with a caveat that “This document is exchanged in view
of ongoing work and discussions on options for the future JV... Its contents
are confidential and should not be disclosed to any unauthorised persons and
will be used only for the purpose of integration planning”. Thus, on the plain
face of the document, it was only for planning and discussion purposes.

128 Tamara also explained that the contents of the document were intended to
apply to roles that had not been filled pre-closing. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

3 August 2022 Transcript at p 119, line 2 to line 4.

Tess testified that she did not rely on this document, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

4 August 2022 Transcript at p 138, lines 17 to 22, p 144 line 25 to p 145 line
1.

and was not even aware of it at the time that she was doing the LT-2 A&S
process. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

4 August 2022 Transcript at p 140, lines 7 to 11.

129 I find that the document “A&S Approach LT-1 & 2” was not circulated
generally nor was it intended to be applied as binding instructions to the
LT-2 roles that Praveen sought.

130 The second plank of the plaintiff’s argument (based on his unpleaded
case), is in relation to the “geographic pooling principle”. The plaintiff
makes a preliminary objection that this was not pleaded by GSK despite it
being a material fact, and the defendant should not be allowed to rely on this
principle or it should be given little weight.

131 The defendant submits that it is disingenuous for the plaintiff to depart
from its pleaded case and argue that the “geographic pooling principle” was
not made known earlier. The plaintiff had requested in HC/SUM 3641/2021 for
the specific discovery of documents relating to “the requirements of the LT-2
roles and the dissemination of these requirements to all potential LT-2
candidates ahead of their scheduled interviews”. This was denied by the court
on the basis that it is not the plaintiff’s pleaded case that the plaintiff
was unfairly treated because the defendant had not disclosed the requirements
of the LT-2 roles to him.

132 While the plaintiff submits that the “geographic pooling principle” was in
response to the SOC at paragraph 51, he accepted that even on this basis, it
would only be indirectly related. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 42, line 22 to p 46, line 6.

I note that the plaintiff’s pleaded case on LT-2 roles revolves around Tess’s
alleged prejudice because of Praveen’s probe into her appointment, the other
candidates being associated with Tess and of British nationality and systemic
racial discrimination. The “geographic pooling principle” was not a material
fact that directly responded to these claims. I accept the defendant’s
submission that it supports the defendant’s further averment that the
plaintiff is not suitable for the LT-2 roles, but it was not made in direct
response to the plaintiff’s pleaded claims. Hence, the defendant should not be
faulted for not pleading the “geographic pooling principle”.

133 In any event, the plaintiff’s case is not advanced, even if the defendant
is not allowed to rely on the “geographic pooling principle”. The plaintiff’s
unpleaded case, is that there is a breach of the processes set out in “A&S
Approach LT-1 & 2”. As I have found above, the “A&S Approach LT-1 & 2” was
only a planning document with limited circulation and not intended to apply as
binding instructions for the LT-2 roles. Thus, GSK could not be said to be in
breach of it. Given that the processes set out in “A&S Approach LT-1 & 2” are
not a source of breach, whether there is a “geographic pooling principle” or
not, becomes immaterial.

134 The plaintiff further submits that if Tess’s evidence on the “geographic
pooling principle” is accepted, that principle discriminated against Praveen.
However, the evidence is that the “geographic pooling principle” did not
result in the loss of roles that Praveen could apply for in Weybridge. Tess
testified that the “geographic pooling principle” was a principle that GSK HR
guided them on. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

4 August 2022 Transcript at p 153, lines 9 to 19.

However, only a few roles in Weybridge were filled through the A&S process.
The other available roles then became open roles.

135 Praveen claims that the open roles were never published or advertised. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

27 July 2022 Transcript at p 168, lines 1 to 15; 4 August 2022 at p 155 lines
15 to 17.

Tess testified that all open roles, and not just the ones for Expert, were in
fact posted on the intranet. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

4 August Transcript 2022 at p 155 lines 18 to 20, p 161 lines 7 to 19.

As an example, her AEIC contains an Excel spreadsheet which shows the number
of candidates that applied for the open roles. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Tess’s AEIC at p 171.

The plaintiff submits that Tess’s evidence that all open roles were posted on
the GSK Intranet should be disbelieved because it was not pleaded. The
defendant’s response to this is similar to that made in relation to the
plaintiff’s submission that the “geographic poling principle” was not pleaded.

136 As set out earlier, Tess’s evidence on the “geographic pooling principle”
is not a material fact in response to the plaintiff’s pleaded case. Neither is
Tess’s evidence on the posting of open roles on the intranet. It arose from
her response to the plaintiff veering into a new alleged breach for LT-2
roles, namely discrimination in the application of the “geographic pooling
principle”. Hence, I find that it is not a matter that had to be pleaded by
the defendant.

137 In any event, Tess did provide documentary support in her AEIC, in an
email from a Mr Glynn to Tess dated 28 October 2019, which refers to “Job
Requisition ID 229224”, by which Mr Glynn submitted his application, “using
the documents attached on Workday”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Praveen testified that the reporting hierarchy of employees could be seen from
Workday and that he had taken screenshots from Workday; 27 July Transcript
2022 at p 154 lines 20-21, p 155 lines 1-2, p 174 lines 6-9; 28 July
Transcript 2022 at p 105 lines 8-18.

Mr Glynn’s cover letter which similarly contains a reference “Ref: 229224
Global Expert Lead - Channel Planning and Conversion”, in which Mr Glynn was
“writing to apply to the role referenced above”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Tess’s AEIC at p 149 and 152.

This supports Tess’s evidence that there were open roles and Praveen did not
apply for them.

138 In summary, I do not find that GSK breached the EA when Praveen was passed
over for the LT-2 roles.

Plaintiff’s unpleaded claim that GSK breached its Non-Retaliation Policy and
internal investigation policy

139 In the plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, the plaintiff submits that GSK
breached its Non-Retaliation Policy and internal investigation policy.
However, while the events relating to the “Speak-Up” inquiry were pleaded at
paragraphs 64 to 70 of the SOC, the plaintiff did not advance any claim in
relation to this. This is clear from his claims as set out in the SOC at
paragraphs 81 to 85, which do not reference paragraphs 64 to 70 of the SOC
when advancing his claims.

140 GSK submits that if the plaintiff had properly pleaded his claim regarding
the “Speak-Up” inquiry, they may have called Chris, the internal investigator
to give evidence. It would hence be prejudicial to GSK for this unpleaded
claim to proceed. I agree with GSK. The plaintiff subsequently clarified
during oral submissions that the “Speak-Up” Inquiry did not constitute a
separate head of claim, and that it was raised only in support of the alleged
breaches in relation to LT-2 roles. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

26 September 2022 Transcript at p 45, lines 6 to 13.

Whether there is a breach of the Employment Agreement from Praveen’s shorter
notice period

Parties’ position

141 The plaintiff submits that GSK’s accordance of an effectively shorter
notice period to him compared to other retrenched GSK staff, in the absence of
any justifiable basis for the difference, is a breach of the EA, particularly
the Code of Conduct, the Equality Policy and the Non-Retaliation Policy.

142 The plaintiff notes that in Ms Pakhi Rusia’s case, GSK admitted that she
was effectively given a longer notice period than Praveen. While GSK alleges
that some employees such as Mr Saurabh Nandi were given longer notice periods
because of business needs, GSK has not adduced any supporting evidence.

143 GSK submits that there is no breach of the EA. Praveen was given the
notice period as contractually provided for in the EA. He was not
unjustifiably treated as compared to other employees. In any event, the EA
does not impose any obligation on GSK to accord the same notice periods to
Praveen and other individuals. The notices of redundancy were issued to
employees affected by the restructuring on different dates. The notice period
would begin from the date of the issuance of the relevant notice of
redundancy. The different dates on which the notices of redundancy were issued
arose because GSK eliminated the roles in a gradual manner, rather than in one
instance. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Rick's AEIC at [81]; Ruth Tan Woon Huay’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief
(“Ruth’s AEIC”) at [35].

To the extent that the last day of employment of other individuals (for
example, Mr. Saurabh Nandi) were extended, there were certain business needs,
ie, special circumstances which required the extension of the notice period
which distinguished their case from Praveen’s case. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Rick’s AEIC at [69] and [83].

Further, the notice periods of individuals who were employed by
GlaxoSmithKline’s subsidiary in India (in the case of Mr Arindam Som and Mr
Vijay Sharma) are not relevant as they were not employed by GSK. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Rick’s AEIC at [84].

My decision

144 Clause 10 of Praveen’s EA clearly provides that his employment may be
terminated by either party by giving three months in writing, without a need
to provide the reason for doing so. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 103.

Despite being contractually required to only give three months’ notice for
termination without notice, GSK gave him an extension, providing him six
months’ notice.

145 I find that Praveen’s allegation that he was discriminated as other
retrenched GSK Personnel had longer notice periods, is unfounded. The
Redundancy Notice issued to Ms Pakhi Rusia was dated 4 May 2020, which meant
that she had around three months of notice before her last day on 10 August
2020. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Rick’s AEIC at [82]; pp 437-438.

While there is little information on the date of the Notices of Redundancy for
Mr Arindam Som and Mr Vijay Sharma, the date of the letter to Mr Arindam Som
suggests that he was informed of his redundancy on 13 March 2020, which meant
that he too, only had three months’ notice before his last day on 30 June
2020. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Praveen’s AEIC at p 660.

This meant that Praveen was actually given a longer notice period than Ms
Pakhi Rusia and Mr Arindam Som. For Mr Saurab Nandi, his Notice of Redundancy
was dated 7 January 2020, which meant that he was given 8 months before his
last day of employment on 30 June 2020. However, Rick explained that GSK had
certain business needs which required the extension of his notice period. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Rick’s AEIC at [83].

146 Praveen accepted during cross-examination that the contractual notice
period did not differ significantly for the GSK staff he highlighted. He then
contended differently, that his complaint is that some were allowed to stay on
longer for personal rather than operational reasons. However, Praveen himself
was given an extension, from 14 April 2020 to 30 June 2020. GSK's staff, Jeen
Sim, explained to him in her email that GSK gave him an extension to 30 June
2020 even if there was no business requirement, because of the Covid-19
situation. Beyond that, there would have to be business needs.

147 Ultimately, Praveen did receive an extension to 30 June 2020, despite
there being no contractual obligation or business need on the part of GSK to
do so. Nor is there evidence that GSK treated Praveen unfairly in relation to
his notice period, as retaliation for probing into GSK’s alleged improprieties
regarding the LT-1 and LT-2 roles appointments. In the circumstances, I find
that the length of Praveen’s notice period cannot be said to be in breach of
the EA.

Whether there is a breach of the Employment Agreement in GSK’s computation of
Praveen’s severance payment

Parties’ position

148 The plaintiff submits that the way GSK computed his severance payment
results in a shortfall of $148,809.83. This is in breach of the EA,
particularly the Code of Conduct and GSK’s HR practices on severance payments,
which Ms Ruth Tan (“Ruth”), the former Regional Human Resources Manager of
GSK, communicated to Praveen.

149 The plaintiff claims that GSK, through Ruth, confirmed that it would pay
Praveen severance payment of one month’s salary per year of service according
to the Tripartite Advisory on Managing Excess Manpower and Responsible
Retrenchment (“Retrenchment Advisory”). MOM confirmed that “salary” under the
Retrenchment Advisory is defined under s 2 of the Employment Act, which
includes various other components of Praveen’s remuneration (including
allowances) over and above the basic pay. GSK’s computation of the severance
payment due to Praveen, which is based only on the Praveen’s base salary, is
therefore a breach of the EA.

150 GSK submits that there is no breach of the EA. In the first place, Praveen
is not contractually entitled to any severance or redundancy payments. The EA
does not contain any provisions which require GSK to make any severance
payments to Praveen. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Rick’s AEIC at [96] to [97].

151 The computation of Praveen's severance payments was based on Praveen's
basic monthly salary (which was GSK's practice in Singapore), subject to
conditions to be fulfilled. In this regard, the February Redundancy Notice
issued to Praveen set out the severance package which he would receive as part
of the redundancy process. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Ruth's AEIC at [39] to [40].

It was provided that upon Praveen's signing and return of a “No Claims
Acknowledgement and Undertaking” form which was enclosed with the February
Redundancy Notice and Praveen's compliance with the terms in the February
Redundancy Notice (read together with the January Redundancy Notice), he would
be entitled to: (a) a severance payment of $144,716; and (b) pro-rated
performance bonus of $35,781.70. The computation of the severance payment of
$144,716 set out in the February Redundancy Notice was based on GSK's HR
internal guidelines for Singapore, in particular, GSK’s redundancy policy for
Singapore. This provided that severance payments to employees shall be based
on the employee’s monthly basic salary (in particular, one month’s basic
salary for each completed year of service). The formula would have been the
product of the tenure of the employee's employment at GSK in years, and the
monthly basic salary of the relevant employee. In Praveen's case, the
severance payment of $144,716 was derived based on the number of years from 13
June 2014 to 30 June 2020 (6.05 years), multiplied by Praveen’s monthly salary
of $23,920, which amounts to $144,716.40.

152 GSK submits that Praveen's claim that he was entitled to a larger sum of
severance payment based on Retrenchment Advisory is without merit.

153 First, there is no basis for Praveen to rely on Ruth's WA message for his
allegation that GSK "abides" by the Retrenchment Advisory. Ruth's message does
not create a contractual agreement or entitlement.

154 Second, the Retrenchment Advisory does not impose statutory obligations on
employers in any manner. It expressly states that it is only meant to "assist
and guide" employers: “The Tripartite Advisory on Managing Excess Manpower and
Responsible Retrenchment aims to assist and guide employers in managing their
excess manpower, preserving jobs and conducting retrenchment exercises
responsibly”. In Han Hui Hui and others v Attorney-General [2022] SGHC 141,
the court held that an advisory issued by the Tripartite Alliance regarding
COVID-19 vaccination at workplaces did not (a) have the force of law; (b)
amount to a policy directive; or (c) carry any legal effect: [56]–[60]. In a
similar vein, the Retrenchment Advisory does not amount to a policy directive
or have legal effect. At its highest, the Retrenchment Advisory only provides
guidance to employers regarding how they may (if they wished to) pay
retrenchment benefits to their employees. Nothing in it directs or compels
employers to pay retrenchment benefits to employees.

155 Third, and in any event, GSK's computation of severance payment is aligned
with the Retrenchment Advisory's benchmark for “2 weeks to one month salary
per year of service, depending on the financial position of the company and
taking into consideration the industry norm.” As explained in Ruth's WA
message to Praveen dated 7 December 2019, GSK provides for the “top end” of
the guidelines set out in the Retrenchment Advisory. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Ruth's AEIC at [41].

Given that, GSK computes severance payment on the basis of one month's base
salary per year of service.

My decision

156 I find that there are no merits to this claim. First, the Code of Conduct
states that GSK will “work to comply with the strictest requirements”. This is
not phrased in mandatory terms. It only states that GSK will try to meet the
highest standards but makes no promises that GSK is obliged to meet the
highest standards prescribed by legal regulations.

157 Second, the Retrenchment Advisory does not provide mandatory guidelines.
It merely provides that if there is no provision as to the retrenchment
benefit, the quantum is to be negotiated between the employees and the
employer. The “2 weeks to one month salary per year of service” is merely the
prevailing norm for retrenchment benefits and is in no way binding on GSK.

158 Third, I accept Ruth's evidence that Praveen misunderstood her WA message,
as that message only sets out that GSK considers the government guidelines
(including the Retrenchment Advisory) as a benchmark in respect of the
multiplier used (ie, two to four weeks per year of service as indicated in the
Retrenchment Advisory). Ruth did not commit in any way to computing Praveen's
severance in a particular way, or commit to what comprised the base
compensation to be applied to the multiplier. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Ruth's AEIC at [42], [44].

159 The plaintiff’s main complaint is that the calculation only included his
basic monthly salary, and not the other various components of his salary.
However, there is no requirement for GSK to follow the Retrenchment Advisory
or adopt the legal definition of “salary” under the Employment Act.

160 I therefore find that GSK’s severance payment to Praveen is not in breach
of his EA.

Whether GSK is liable to Praveen for $49,503.21

161 The plaintiff claims the sum of $49,503.21, which GSK withheld to satisfy
any tax payable to IRAS on Praveen’s behalf. Praveen’s June 2020 pay slip
shows that GSK withheld $180,497.70. It is undisputed that GSK paid Praveen’s
income taxes for YA2020 ($49,494.57) and YA2021 ($81,499) in the total sum of
$130,993.57.

162 This leaves the sum of $49,503.21 that is still withheld by GSK. There is
no evidence that there were further taxes that GSK paid on behalf of Praveen.
However, GSK submits that Praveen is still not entitled to this sum, as he is
not entitled to any severance payments in the first place. This is because
Praveen did not sign the No Claims Form, when it is a specific requirement of
the Redundancy Notices that the GSK severance payment would be paid out only
on Praveen’s signing of the No Claims Form. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 2 at pp 639 and 728.

The plaintiff did not respond to this in its opening statement or written
submissions. As there is an explicit requirement in the Redundancy Notices
that Praveen is entitled to payment of severance payment only if he signs the
No Claims Form, and this has not been met, I find that the plaintiff is not
entitled to the $49,503.21, which the defendant had withheld.

Whether Praveen is liable to GSK for GSK’s counterclaim for $95,211.87

Parties’ Position

163 The defendant counterclaims against the plaintiff for the sum of
$95,211.87. GSK’s case is that sums were credited to Praveen in excess of what
he is legally entitled to. As Praveen did not sign the No Claims Form, he is
not entitled to any severance payments. The severance sum reflected in
Praveen’s June 2020 pay-slip and the payment of $130,993.57 to the IRAS on
Praveen’s behalf was a result of a mistake. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Rick's AEIC at [118].

Based on GSK’s calculations, the sum of $95,211.87 had been overpaid to
Praveen. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCC at [60]-[67].

164 Praveen submits that he is not liable to GSK for the counterclaim amount.
Even if GSK was mistaken in crediting the severance payment to Praveen, he has
since changed his position and would be prejudiced if GSK’s claim for unjust
enrichment is allowed. Alternatively, GSK is estopped from now contending that
Praveen’s signing of the No Claims Form was a prerequisite for the severance
payment.

My decision

165 GSK’s basis for its counterclaim is that it was mistaken as to the fact
that the plaintiff did not sign the No Claims Form. To succeed in this, GSK
must show that (a) Praveen had been enriched; (b) the enrichment was at the
expense of GSK; (c) the enrichment was unjust; and (d) there are no relevant
defences to the claim: Singapore Swimming Club v Koh Sin Chong Freddie [2016]
3 SLR 845 (“Singapore Swimming Club”) at [90].

166 GSK relies here on mistake of fact, which is a well-established unjust
enrichment factor. In Singapore Swimming Club, the Court of Appeal set out at
[94] the following principles:

(a) First, the claimant must prove that it had made a mistake, in that it
believed that it was more likely than not that the true facts were otherwise
than they in fact were.

(b) Second, the claimant must show that its belief caused it to confer the
benefit (ie, the severance payment) to the defendant – there must be a
causative mistake.

(c) Third, a claimant may still be denied relief if it had responded
unreasonably to its doubt or unreasonably ran the risk of error.

(d) Fourth, a claimant who had doubts may be denied relief on the distinct
grounds that he has compromised or settled with the defendant, or on the basis
that he is estopped from pleading the mistake.

167 On the evidence, GSK was aware that Praveen had reservations about the No
Claim Forms. Praveen informed Ruth about this. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Ruth’s AEIC at [47].

Ruth testified that she does not know if Praveen ultimately signed the No
Claim Form as she moved to a new role within GSK on 15 April 2020. The email
exchange between Ruth and Praveen was copied to Ms Lim Ai Hwa on 2 April 2020.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Ruth’s AEIC at p 122.

She was Ruth’s manager and remained in GSK until June 2020.

168 Despite having notice about Praveen’s reservations about signing the No
Claims Form, GSK proceeded to make two payments. First, the payment to IRAS
for withholding tax in respect of Praveen’s severance payment. Second, to
credit part of the severance payment to Praveen. There is no evidence that GSK
was mistaken that Praveen had signed the No Claim Forms when it made the
severance payment. In the absence of such evidence, it could also have been
that GSK chose then to make such payment, and only decided to dispute the
severance payment when Praveen brought his suit against GSK. I find that GSK
has not proven that on the balance of probabilities, it made the payment under
a mistake.

169 Furthermore, even if GSK was mistaken that Praveen had signed the No Claim
Forms, I am of the view that it unreasonably ran the risk of error by
proceeding with payment of the severance sum without ascertaining if the No
Claims Form had in fact been signed. I therefore dismiss GSK’s counterclaim
against Praveen.

Conclusion

170 In conclusion, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claims against the defendant for
breach of the EA leading to Praveen not being able to secure roles in
Unilever, or the LT-1 and LT-2 roles in GSK. I also dismiss the plaintiff’s
claim against the defendant for the sum of $49,503.21 withheld by the
Defendant. I dismiss the defendant’s counterclaim against the plaintiff for
the sum $95,211.87.

171 I invite submissions on costs, including quantum, which are to be filed
within 8 days from the date of this judgment.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Vikram Nair, Foo Xian Fong and Glenna Liew (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the plaintiff;

Ang Hsueh Ling Celeste, Kwong Kam Yin, Tan Yi Wei Nicholas and Lim Jia Ren
(Wong & Leow LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 18 Oct 2022 (10:59 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

