Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 210

Originating Summons No 66 of 2022

Between

Fastfreight Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Bulk Trident Shipping Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Insolvency Law — Winding up]

[Civil Procedure — Injunctions]

[Arbitration — Enforcement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Fastfreight Pte Ltd

  
v

  
Bulk Trident Shipping Ltd

[2022] SGHC 210

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 66 of 2022  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
, 4 August 2022

31 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 The dispute between the plaintiff and defendant in these proceedings arises
in the context of an ongoing arbitration between the parties that is taking
place in London.

2 By HC/OS 66/2022 (“OS 66/2022”), the plaintiff seeks an injunction to
restrain the defendant from presenting a winding-up application against the
plaintiff (the “injunction”). The defendant had issued a written demand dated
30 December 2021 pursuant to s 125(2)(a) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018) (the “statutory demand”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s Affidavit dated 24 February 2022 (“Shingade Ajay Babu’s
1st Affidavit”) at pages 73–74.

This was a demand for, inter alia, the sum of US$2,147,717.79 that it was
awarded (the “PFA Sum”) under a partial final award dated 20 December 2021
issued in the ongoing arbitration in London between the parties (the “PFA”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at pages 101–110.

On 21 January 2022, the plaintiff applied for an interim injunction to
restrain the defendant from taking any steps to commence winding-up
proceedings against it: HC/SUM 289/2022 (“SUM 289/2022”). At the hearing of
SUM 289/2022, the defendant undertook not to take any steps to commence
winding-up proceedings against the plaintiff pending the outcome of the
hearing for a final injunction in OS 66/2022, and so no order was made on SUM
289/2022. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 21 January 2022 at pages 1–2.

Background

The Charterparty

3 The plaintiff is a charterer incorporated in Singapore. It is a vessel
operator which works with clients and ship owners to provide freight
solutions. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Govind Kumar Gautam’s Affidavit dated 19 May 2022 (“Govind Kumar Gautam’s
Affidavit”) at page 18.

The defendant is a company incorporated in Liberia. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s Affidavit dated 13 January 2022 (“Syed Asad Raza
Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit”) at page 178.

It is the registered owner of the “ANNA-DOROTHEA” (the “Vessel”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 5.

4 The plaintiff and defendant entered into a time charterparty (the
“Charterparty”) by way of a fixture recap dated 13 April 2021 (the “Recap”)
for the carriage of bulk cargo from India to China by the Vessel. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 4 and pages 32–36.

The Charterparty dated 18 September 2020 incorporated terms of a pro forma New
York Produce Exchange (“NYPE”) 1993 charter (the “NYPE Form”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 4 and pages 37–58.

The NYPE Form was amended by the terms of the Recap, which included certain
additional clauses (the “Additional Clauses”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at pages 59–71.

The Charterparty contained an arbitration agreement pursuant to clause 22 of
the Recap 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at page 34.

and clause 45 of the NYPE Form. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at pages 52–53.

The arbitration agreement provided for disputes arising out of the
Charterparty to be arbitrated in London and for English law to be the
governing law. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at pages 34 and 52–53.

5 At around the same time, the plaintiff entered into a voyage charterparty
(the “Sub-Charterparty”) with Shyam Metalics and Energy Ltd (the “sub-
charterer”) by way of a Fixture Note dated 12 April 2021. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 8 and pages 92–126.

Under the terms of the Sub-Charterparty, the plaintiff was under an obligation
to ensure that the Vessel would “… proceed to the discharging port(s) … and
there deliver the cargo”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at page 101.

The dispute, the PFA and the appeal before the English courts

6 A dispute arose in relation to, inter alia, the non-payment of hire from the
plaintiff to the defendant. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 7.

Pursuant to the Charterparty, the defendant delivered the Vessel to the
plaintiff on or around 13 April 2021, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 16.

for a time charter trip with a duration of about 25 to 30 days (without
guarantee). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at page 37.

Cargo was loaded at a port in India on 19 April 2021 and bills of lading were
issued in respect of the cargo, naming the sub-charterer as the shipper. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at paras 17–18.

The plaintiff then ordered the Vessel to proceed to Lanqiao, China, to
discharge the cargo. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 20.

The Vessel arrived off the port of Lanqiao on or around 4 May 2021. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at paras 20–21.

Three members of the Vessel’s crew tested positive for COVID-19 and the Vessel
was consequently not allowed to berth at the Lanqiao port. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at paras 22–25.

The defendant had provided a guarantee in the Recap that, at the time of
delivery of the cargo, the crew onboard the Vessel would be free from
“coronavirus disease”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at page 55.

The sub-charterer proposed that the Vessel be diverted to another port in
Rizhao for the cargo to be discharged. This was conveyed by the plaintiff to
the defendant on 6 May 2021 via e-mail. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 26.

On 12 May 2021, the defendant requested payment of hire, rejecting the
plaintiff’s position that no hire was due. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 27.

The defendant then sailed the Vessel out to international waters on two
occasions and turned off her automatic identification system, leaving the
Vessel there for weeks. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 31.

Subsequently on 28 August 2021, the defendant sailed the Vessel to Rizhao
without the plaintiff’s consent, pursuant to a settlement agreement between
the defendant with the receivers of the cargo. There, the cargo was
discharged. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 32.

7 The defendant commenced arbitration in London against the plaintiff (the
“London arbitration”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 7; Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM
103/2021 Affidavit at para 11.

The defendant made various claims against the plaintiff in relation to alleged
breaches under the Charterparty, including a claim for unpaid hire in the sum
of US$2,147,717.79 for the period of 4 May 2021 to 28 August 2021. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 7.

The plaintiff raised a counterclaim against the defendant totalling
US$7,661,844.39 for damages derived from (a) the loss and damage claimed by
the sub-charterer against the plaintiff; (b) the amount of demurrage which
would have fallen due to the plaintiff under the Sub-Charterparty if not for
the defendant’s alleged breaches of the Charterparty; and (c) overpaid hire.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103 Affidavit at para 39 and pages 191–195.

I pause to note that the sum representing the plaintiff’s counterclaim was
inconsistently stated in the plaintiff’s written submissions and the affidavit
filed by the plaintiff’s Syed Asad Raza Naqvi in support of OS 66/2022. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s Affidavit dated 11 April 2022 (“Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s
1st Affidavit”) at para 14; Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 5 April 2022
(“PWS”) at para 28.

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s affidavit did not exhibit the documents in support of
the sum, but it referenced his affidavit filed in support of HC/ADM 103/2021
(“ADM 103/2021”), which were proceedings brought by the plaintiff to arrest
the Vessel in Singapore (see [18] below). In this judgment, I have referred to
the sums in the documentary evidence contained in Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM
103/2021 affidavit of 13 January 2022. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103 Affidavit at pages 188–210.

8 Shortly after the commencement of the London arbitration, the defendant
applied for a partial final award for the unpaid hire which, as already
mentioned (at [7]), was for a sum of US$2,147,717.79. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 7.

The defendant’s application was premised on its construction of clause 11 of
the NYPE Form, which states: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at page 42.

… Notwithstanding of the terms and provisions hereof no deductions from hire
may be made for any reason under Clause 17 or otherwise (whether/or alleged
off-hire underperformance, overconsumption or any other cause whatsoever)
without the express written agreement of [the defendant] at [the defendant’s]
discretion. [The plaintiff is] entitled to deduct value of estimated Bunker on
redelivery. Deduction from the hire are never allowed except for estimated
bunker on redelivery. Any fuel consumed is due once consumed.

9 The defendant took the view that, in view of clause 11, the parties had
effectively agreed to a “pay now, argue later” regime in respect of charter
hire. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 9.

10 The plaintiff contested the application. In the plaintiff’s view, no hire
even fell due to begin with because the Vessel was off-hire and, as such,
clause 11 was inapplicable. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PWS at para 28.4; Minute Sheet for the hearing on 27 May 2022 at page 1.

As earlier mentioned (at [6]), three members of the Vessel’s crew tested
positive for COVID-19 before the Vessel arrived at the Lanqiao port, and
consequently, she was not allowed to berth at the port to discharge the cargo.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 14.1.1.

The plaintiff claims that the defendant was in breach of its guarantee that,
on delivery and upon reaching the first load port, the Vessel’s crew was to be
free of COVID-19. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 14.3.

The guarantee in clause 32 of the Recap provides: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at page 55.

OWNERS GUARANTEE THAT AT THE TIME OF DELIVERY AND UPON REACHING FIRST LOADPORT
CREW ON BOARD THE VESSEL IS FREE FROM CORONAVIRUS DISEASE AND THE OWNERS/CREW
SHALL ENDEAVOR TO TAKE SUCH REASONABLE MEASURES IN RELATION TO THE DISEASE AS
MAY FROM TIME TO TIME BE RECOMMENDED BY THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION.

11 The plaintiff also argues that the Vessel was off-hire in view of clause 17
of the NYPE Form and clause 67 of the Additional Clauses. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 14.1.1.

Clause 17 of the NYPE Form provides: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at pages 64–65.

In the event of loss of time from deficiency and/or default and/or strike of
officers or crew, or deficiency of stores, fire, breakdown of, or damages to
hull, machinery or equipment, grounding, detention by the arrest of the
Vessel, (unless such arrest is caused by events for which the Charterers,
their servants, agents or subcontractors are responsible), … the payment of
hire and overtime, if any, shall cease for the time thereby lost. Should the
Vessel deviate or put back during a voyage, contrary to the orders or
directions of the Charterers, for any reason other than accident to the cargo
or where permitted in lines 257 to 258 hereunder, the hire is to be suspended
from the time of her deviating or putting back until she is again in the same
or equidistant position from the destination and the voyage resumed therefrom.
… [emphasis added]

12 Clause 67 of the Additional Clauses provides: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at page 84.

… in the event any member of the crew or persons (except those on charterers’
behalf) on board the vessel is found to be infected with a highly infectious
or contagious disease and the vessel has to (i) deviate, (ii) be quarantined,
or (iii) barred from entering any port, all time lost, delays and expenses
whatsoever shall be on owners’ account and the vessel shall be off-hire. …

13 As already described above (at [6]), the Vessel did not ultimately deliver
the cargo at the Lanqiao port. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at para 33.

The plaintiff alleges that this was a result of the defendant’s inability or
failure to comply with the plaintiff’s legitimate orders as charterer, and
that this exposed the plaintiff to claims against it by the sub-charterer. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at paras 33–34.

This formed the basis of part of the plaintiff’s cross-claim in the London
arbitration.

14 On 20 December 2021, the two-member arbitral tribunal (the “tribunal”)
issued the PFA adjudging that the plaintiff “shall forthwith pay to [the
defendant] the sum of US$2,147,717.79 [ie, the PFA Sum]”, together with
interest thereon at the rate of 4.5% per annum compounded at 3-monthly rests
from 1 July 2021 to the date of the payment. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at pages 108–109.

The tribunal also directed the plaintiff to pay the costs of the reference and
the costs of the award, with interest at the rate of 4.5% per annum compounded
at 3-monthly rests from 20 December 2021 to the date of payment. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at page 109.

On 21 December 2021, the defendant made a demand for the PFA Sum, as well as
interest and costs awarded under the PFA. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at pages 129–130.

However, the plaintiff did not make payment. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.

15 Instead, the plaintiff amended its counterclaim in the London arbitration
to include a claim for the PFA Sum (such that the plaintiff’s cross-claim was
now for an increased amount of US$9,809,562.18) and sought leave to appeal
against the PFA in the English courts. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s 1st Affidavit at para 11; PWS at paras 9 and 28.

On 1 April 2022, the plaintiff was granted leave to appeal on a question of
law, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PWS at para 9.

the question being: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PWS at Annex A.

Where a charterparty clause provides that no deductions from hire (including
for off-hire or alleged off-hire) may be made without the shipowner’s consent:
Is non-payment of hire a ‘deduction’ if the Vessel is off hire at the
instalment date? [emphasis in original]

16 In granting leave for the plaintiff to appeal, Andrew Baker J found that
although “[t]he arbitrators answered the question of law ‘Yes’ … the contrary
[was] also well arguable” and “the arbitrators’ decision on the question of
law … [was] open to serious doubt”.

17 Counsel for the plaintiff informed me at the hearing on 27 May 2022 that
the appeal before the English courts is likely be heard in October 2022. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 27 May 2022 at page 1.

Arrest of the Vessel in Singapore

18 On 28 December 2021, the plaintiff arrested the Vessel in Singapore to
obtain security for its cross-claim in the London arbitration: ADM 103/2021.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 13.

The plaintiff included the PFA Sum as part of the quantum of security it
demanded on the basis that “[the plaintiff had] incurred a liability to pay
[the PFA Sum]”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at pages 112–113 and 118.

The defendant furnished the full sum of security demanded by way of a letter
of undertaking dated 5 January 2022 for the sum of US$11,269,629.34 issued by
the defendant’s protection and indemnity club. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 17 and pages 125–127.

According to the defendant, it was required to put up US$7,869,629.34 as cash
collateral to procure the said letter of undertaking. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 5 April 2022 (“DWS”) at para 13.

Service of the statutory demand and filing of the present application

19 On 30 December 2021, the defendant’s Singapore solicitors served the
statutory demand for the PFA Sum on the plaintiff. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.

The plaintiff’s Singapore solicitors responded by demanding a withdrawal of
the statutory demand. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 24.

On 21 January 2022, the plaintiff filed the present application to obtain an
injunction in order to restrain the defendant from presenting a winding-up
application. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 28.

As earlier mentioned (at [2] above), prior to the hearing of the present
application, the plaintiff applied in SUM 289/2022 for an interim injunction.
At the hearing of SUM 289/2022, the defendant gave an undertaking that it
would not commence any winding-up proceedings pending the disposal of the
present application, rendering it unnecessary for the court to make any order
in SUM 289/2022.

The defendant’s request for the plaintiff’s financial statements

20 In the course of these proceedings in Singapore, on 16 February 2022, the
defendant’s Singapore solicitors wrote to the plaintiff’s Singapore solicitors
stating that the defendant had reason to believe that the plaintiff was unable
to carry on its business as a going concern or pay its debts as and when they
fell due. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 31.

The defendant requested that the plaintiff provide its financial statements
for the financial years ending 31 December 2020 (“FY 2020”) and 31 December
2021 (“FY 2021”) as evidence of its solvency. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 31.

On 23 February 2022, the plaintiff provided a redacted copy of its audited
financial statements for FY 2020 (the “2020 Financial Statements”). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at para 34.

The parties’ cases

21 The plaintiff argues that the injunction should be granted because the
plaintiff has a cross-claim of a value that exceeds the PFA Sum and the cross-
claim is subject to the arbitration agreement between parties. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PWS at para 28.

The cross-claim is for the sum of US$9,809,562.18. This sum comprises the
following: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PWS at para 28.

(a) US$5,122,992.71 for loss and damage claimed by the sub-charterer against
the plaintiff arising from the Vessel’s failure to proceed to Lanqiao and
deliver the cargo;

(b) US$2,458,500.00 for demurrage which would have fallen due to the plaintiff
under the Sub-Charterparty, said to be occasioned by the defendant’s breaches
of the Charterparty, resulting in the Vessel not being able to tender a valid
Notice of Readiness, which resulted in laytime and demurrage not running
against the sub-charterer under the Sub-Charterparty;

(c) US$80,351.68 for overpaid hire, which arose by reason of bunkers remaining
on board the Vessel when she arrived at Lanqiao and which were then consumed
and/or converted by the defendant while the Vessel was off-hire; and

(d) US$2,147,717.79, being the PFA Sum, which the plaintiff is counterclaiming
against the defendant in the ongoing London arbitration as damages for breach
of the Charterparty and/or off-hire from 18 May 2021 to 24 August 2021. The
plaintiff’s case is that the Vessel had deviated and/or that hire would never
have accrued had the defendant not breached the Charterparty in failing to
proceed to Lanqiao on arrival.

22 The plaintiff also contends that the PFA Sum is a disputed debt in light of
its cross-claim, as well as because of its appeal against the PFA before the
English courts. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PWS at para 29; Minute Sheet for the hearing on 27 May 2022 at page 1.

The plaintiff emphasises that, in view of the arbitration agreement between
the parties, it only needs to meet a prima facie standard in showing that the
PFA Sum is a disputed debt or that it has a cross-claim of a value exceeding
the PFA Sum. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PWS at para 18.

This standard is lower than the “unlikely to succeed” standard (or triable
issue standard) that would typically apply where the relevant cross-claim or
disputed debt is not subject to arbitration. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PWS at para 18.

23 The plaintiff also argues that the balance of convenience favours the grant
of the injunction. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PWS at para 21.

According to the plaintiff, there is a lower risk of injustice if the
injunction is granted since it would mean that the status quo is maintained
pending the outcome of the London arbitration. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PWS at para 21.

Although the defendant would have to await the final outcome of the London
arbitration before it presents a winding-up application against the plaintiff
(if it is so entitled to do so at that juncture), the defendant would suffer
no prejudice if the injunction is granted. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PWS at para 22.

On the other hand, if the injunction is not granted, a winding-up application
would trigger an event of default under the plaintiff’s financing instruments
and also cause serious reputational damage. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PWS at para 23; Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.

The financial implications of such an application being presented would also
severely affect the plaintiff’s ability to pursue its counterclaim against the
defendant in the London arbitration. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PWS at para 23.

24 The defendant argues that it should not be restrained from presenting a
winding-up application as the PFA Sum is not one that is prima facie disputed
and there is no prima facie cross-claim. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DWS at paras 28 and 36.

According to the defendant, the PFA Sum cannot be characterised as a “disputed
debt” because the intention and effect of the PFA is such that the plaintiff
is immediately obliged and required to make payment of the PFA Sum to the
defendant, regardless of the plaintiff’s claims of off-hire (see [10]–[11]
above). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DWS at para 28.

The defendant also submits that there is no prima facie cross-claim because
there is no merit in the plaintiff’s assertions that there exists a cross-
claim exceeding or equal to the PFA Sum. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DWS at para 36.

In this regard, the defendant points to the tribunal’s finding in the PFA that
clause 11 of the NYPE Form required the plaintiff to make payment of hire that
is indisputably due to the defendant free of any cross-claims or deductions
from hire for any reason whatsoever. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DWS at para 40.

In other words, the alleged cross-claim does not extinguish the plaintiff’s
liability to pay the PFA Sum. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DWS at para 41.

25 The defendant further argues that the plaintiff has brought OS 66/2022 in
abuse of the court’s process. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DWS at para 50.

In line with the principles elucidated in AnAn Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB
Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2020] 1 SLR 1158 (“AnAn Group”) at [56], the
defendant submits that it should not be restrained from presenting a winding-
up application on the basis of a dispute or cross-claim raised by the
plaintiff in abuse of the court’s process. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DWS at para 48.

The defendant points to inconsistent positions taken by the plaintiff in the
London arbitration and the proceedings before the Singapore courts as to the
effect of the PFA and the plaintiff’s liability to immediately pay the PFA
Sum. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DWS at para 51.

The plaintiff acknowledged in the London arbitration that the PFA was
immediately enforceable in a “pay now, argue later” fashion. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DWS at para 52.

In ADM 103/2021, which the plaintiff commenced to arrest the Vessel, the
plaintiff demanded security of a sum that included the PFA Sum. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DWS at para 53.

The plaintiff’s basis for including the PFA Sum was that it had “incurred a
liability to pay” that sum. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DWS at para 55; Shingade Ajay Babu’s 1st Affidavit at page 118.

However, the plaintiff subsequently refused to pay the PFA Sum, or provide
security for or compound the sum. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DWS at para 57.

The defendant argues that, since the plaintiff relied on its liability to pay
the PFA Sum to obtain security in the sum of US$11,269,629.34 in ADM 103/2021,
it must not be allowed to now argue, in abuse of the court’s process, that
there is a disputed debt or cross-claim in respect of the PFA Sum. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DWS at para 58.

26 Finally, the defendant also seeks to argue that the court should take into
account the solvency of the plaintiff in determining whether to grant the
injunction and that there are reasonable grounds on which to believe that the
plaintiff is insolvent. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DWS at paras 65 and 76.

To determine solvency, the defendant relies on the “cash flow test” endorsed
in Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd v RCMA Asia Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tong Teik
Pte Ltd) [2021] 2 SLR 478 at [56] and [65], which assesses whether the
debtor’s current assets (ie, assets realisable within a 12-month timeframe)
exceed its current liabilities (ie, debts which would fall due within a
12-month timeframe). 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DWS at para 67.

According to the defendant’s expert, Mr Martin John Tupila (“Mr Tupila”),
there are indications that the plaintiff was insolvent during FY 2020. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DWS at para 70(c).

On the assumption that the plaintiff’s financial performance in FY 2021 was
similar to that in the preceding two years, Mr Tupila opined that is unlikely
that the plaintiff is able to meet its current liabilities. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DWS at paras 70(d)–70(e).

The defendant also alleges that the plaintiff has been evasive about its
financial position since it has only provided the 2020 Financial Statements
and has never explicitly stated that it is currently solvent despite the
defendant’s allegations. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DWS at paras 73–74.

The defendant thus invites the court to draw “the necessary adverse
inferences”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DWS at para 74.

27 As an alternative argument, the defendant argues that, should the court
allow the plaintiff’s application, the injunction should be granted only on
the condition that the plaintiff furnishes security of a value equal to the
PFA Sum, pending the outcome of the London arbitration. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DWS at para 84.

The law

28 The Court of Appeal in Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 268 considered (at [62] and [82]) that, in the two following
circumstances, the court may restrain the presentation of a winding-up
application: (a) where the debtor-company disputes the creditor’s debt on bona
fide and substantial grounds; and (b) where the debtor-company has a genuine
cross-claim based on substantial grounds equal to or exceeding the creditor’s
undisputed debt. A debtor-company relying on either ground to resist a
winding-up application would have to demonstrate to the court that there is a
triable issue as to the existence of the relevant ground it seeks to rely on:
Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2
SLR(R) 491 at [23] and [25]. However, the standard of review is different when
the court is faced with either a disputed debt or a cross-claim that is
subject to an arbitration agreement. In such a case, the prima facie standard
of review is to be adopted: AnAn Group at [56]. This means that the court will
ordinarily dismiss a winding-up application if the debtor-company is able to
show, on a prima facie basis, that the disputed debt or cross-claim falls
within the scope of a valid arbitration agreement between the parties
(provided that the dispute is not raised by the debtor-company in abuse of the
court’s process): AnAn Group at [110].

29 Although AnAn Group itself concerned a debtor-company resisting a winding-
up application, the principles in AnAn Group apply equally in a case such as
the present, where the alleged debtor-company seeks to restrain a purported
creditor from presenting a winding-up petition: BWG v BWF [2020] 1 SLR 1296
(“BWG v BWF”) at [128].

30 In determining whether there is a disputed debt or cross-claim that is
subject to a valid arbitration agreement between the parties on the prima
facie standard, the court will not inquire into the merits of the defences
raised by the debtor-company: AnAn Group at [82]. As explained by the Court of
Appeal in AnAn Group (at [77]), parties to an arbitration agreement should not
be allowed to bypass the arbitration agreement by presenting a winding-up
application in an attempt to get the court to resolve their disputes. Party
autonomy should be given effect to, and the parties’ agreed method of dispute
resolution should be upheld. The court will not examine the merits of the
debtor-company’s defences in place of the arbitral tribunal and in so doing
undercut the parties’ pre-dispute bargain. However, in making a prima facie
determination, the court is fully entitled to determine whether a dispute
exists which falls within the scope of the arbitration agreement by construing
the arbitration agreement to discover its full ambit and determining whether
there has been a clear and unequivocal admission of liability: Merrill Lynch
Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc v Prem Ramchand Harjani and another [2009] 4 SLR(R)
16 at [19]–[20].

31 If the plaintiff is able to show, on a prima facie standard, that there is
a disputed debt or a cross-claim that is subject to an arbitration agreement,
then an injunction restraining the commencement of winding-up proceedings
should be granted: BWG v BWF at [128]. However, this is subject to the caveat
stated above at [28] that the disputed debt or cross-claim was not raised in
abuse of the court’s process.

32 If the injunction is granted, it may also be appropriate for the injunction
to be granted subject to certain conditions. In AnAn Group, the Court of
Appeal stated (at [111] and [112]) that, where the creditor is able to
demonstrate legitimate concerns about the solvency of the debtor, and no
triable issue was raised by the debtor, the court could stay rather than
dismiss the winding-up application. The creditor would then be given liberty
to apply to the court to proceed with the winding-up if, for example, it could
be shown that the debtor had no genuine desire to arbitrate the dispute, and
that it was taking active steps to stifle the arbitration. Similarly, in BWF v
BWG (at [131]), the Court of Appeal took the view that an injunction may be
granted with liberty for parties to apply where there are legitimate concerns
about the solvency of the debtor-company.

The issues

33 In view of the contentions raised by the parties, four main issues arise
for determination:

(a) whether there is a disputed debt that falls within the scope of the
arbitration agreement between the parties;

(b) whether there is a cross-claim that falls within the scope of the
arbitration agreement between the parties;

(c) if there is a disputed debt or a cross-claim that falls within the scope
of the arbitration agreement between the parties, whether the plaintiff is
raising the disputed debt or the cross-claim in an abuse of the court’s
process; and

(d) if an injunction should be granted, whether the court should impose any
conditions on the injunction.

Whether there is a disputed debt that falls within the scope of the
arbitration agreement

34 The plaintiff argues that the PFA Sum is prima facie in dispute in view of
its cross-claim that no hire is ultimately due under the terms of the
Charterparty, and the appeal before the English courts against the PFA (as
earlier mentioned at [21]–[22] above). On the other hand, the defendant argues
that the PFA Sum is presently due regardless of the plaintiff’s cross-claim
concerning the Vessel being off-hire and the pending appeal against the PFA,
given the final and binding partial award by the tribunal.

35 There can be no question that the dispute over whether hire must be paid
first, even though the plaintiff may take the position that the Vessel was
off-hire, is subject to the parties’ arbitration agreement. That dispute was
referred to arbitration. The PFA issued by the tribunal has resolved that
issue in favour of the defendant. The tribunal has determined that the
plaintiff is required to pay the disputed amount of hire over to the
defendant, but that the plaintiff can proceed with its cross-claim in the
arbitration to make good, inter alia, its claim that the Vessel was off-hire
at the material time, and thus the hire received by the defendant pursuant to
the PFA must be repaid. Therefore, in so far as the contractual framework and
arbitration process agreed between the parties is concerned, there is no doubt
that the PFA Sum is presently payable to the defendant.

36 However, it does not necessarily follow that there is no longer any dispute
over the PFA Sum, such that the defendant is entitled to commence winding-up
proceedings in a Singapore court. The defendant’s contractual right to payment
of the PFA Sum is being disputed by the plaintiff through its appeal to the
English courts. The plaintiff is entitled to pursue this avenue of appeal that
is available under the law of the seat of the arbitration chosen by the
parties, ie, English law, and in that limited sense, there is still a dispute
that falls within the scope of the parties’ arbitration agreement. As Baker J
held, it is “well arguable” that the tribunal had erred in law in deciding
that the “no deductions” clause in the Charterparty (see [15]–[16] above)
applied when the Vessel was off-hire. Put another way, the tribunal might well
have been wrong in deciding that the plaintiff was required to pay the
disputed hire to the defendant first, even though the plaintiff’s position was
that the Vessel was off-hire at the material time. That question is presently
before the English courts, and it is the English courts that will have the
final say as to whether the PFA Sum is indeed due and payable. Given that, I
am not prepared to accept that the PFA Sum is a debt that is indisputably due
such that the defendant is entitled to proceed with a winding-up application
under Singapore law on the basis of that debt.

37 The defendant relies on the oft-cited case of LKM Investment Holdings Pte
Ltd v Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd [2000] 1 SLR(R) 135 (“LKM Investment”) for the
proposition that a judgment creditor is entitled to present a winding-up
application against the judgment debtor even if the judgment is under an
appeal. This is so because where a judgment in favour of a judgment creditor
is obtained, the debt does not become disputed merely because the judgment
debtor is appealing against the decision. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DWS at para 32.

That is well-established law. Unless there is an order staying execution of a
judgment pending appeal, the judgment creditor can take all legal steps open
to him to recover the amount of the judgment debt: LKM Investment at [18].
However, the distinction here on our facts is that the PFA Sum is not yet
enforceable as a debt in Singapore. The defendant has not taken any steps to
seek leave to enforce the PFA in Singapore. In fact, counsel for the defendant
candidly admitted in the course of the hearing on 27 May 2022 that the
plaintiff may face difficulty obtaining leave to enforce the PFA in Singapore,
pending the resolution of the appeal in the English courts. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 27 May 2022 at page 4.

Section 31(5) of the International Arbitration Act 1994 (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“IAA”) provides:

Where, in any proceedings in which the enforcement of a foreign award is
sought by virtue of this Part, the court is satisfied that an application for
the setting aside or for the suspension of the award has been made to a
competent authority of the country in which, or under the law of which, the
award was made, the court may —

(a)| if the court considers it proper to do so, adjourn the proceedings or (as
the case may be) so much of the proceedings as relates to the award; and  
---|---  
(b)| on the application of the party seeking to enforce the award, order the
other party to give suitable security.  
  
38 When there are pending setting aside proceedings in relation to an arbitral
award, the decision to grant an adjournment of enforcement proceedings is a
matter of discretion for the enforcing court: Man Diesel Turbo SE v IM Skaugen
Marine Services Pte Ltd [2019] 4 SLR 537 at [46]. I agree with counsel for the
defendant that there is a likelihood that the Singapore courts will not grant
leave for enforcement of the PFA because it is presently the subject of an
appeal before the English courts, in accordance with the law of the seat of
the arbitration (see [15] above). In fact, it would be a most anomalous
situation if the defendant can seek to wind the plaintiff up on the basis of
the PFA Sum, when that sum presently is not capable of being the subject of
enforcement proceedings under Singapore law (by reason of leave not being
obtained under the IAA to enforce the PFA). In view of the foregoing, I find
that, on a prima facie standard, the PFA Sum is still a disputed debt that
falls within the scope of the parties’ arbitration agreement.

Whether there is a cross-claim that falls within the scope of the arbitration
agreement

39 The plaintiff also argues that the injunction should be granted in view of
its cross-claim of US$9,809,562.18, which exceeds the PFA Sum. As earlier set
out (at [21]), the plaintiff’s cross-claim is in respect of the following:

(a) its liability to the sub-charterer and demurrage which would have fallen
due to the plaintiff under the Sub-Charterparty, which it alleges resulted
from the defendant’s breaches (see [21(a)] and [21(b)]);

(b) overpaid hire (see [21(c)]); and

(c) its counterclaim for the PFA Sum awarded to the defendant under the PFA
(see [21(d)]).

40 In respect of [39(a)], the plaintiff is able to provide evidence of the
sub-charterer’s claim against it in the form of a letter of demand from the
sub-charterer. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at pages 188–192.

The plaintiff is also able to point to the clauses that the defendant is
allegedly in breach of: clauses 8 and 11 of the NYPE Form and clause 32 of the
Recap, which, according to the plaintiff, renders the defendant liable in
respect of the sub-charterer’s claim against the plaintiff. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103/2021 Affidavit at paras 33–35.

With regard to [39(b)], the plaintiff has provided an invoice substantiating
its claim of overpaid hire. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Syed Asad Raza Naqvi’s ADM 103 Affidavit at p 196.

For [39(c)], the plaintiff is able to provide an explanation as to the basis
for its counterclaim. As earlier set out (at [10]–[11]), the plaintiff takes
the view that the Vessel was off-hire and it should not be liable to pay the
PFA Sum.

41 The defendant argues that the plaintiff’s cross-claim is “frivolous and
vexatious”, and that the plaintiff has raised the cross-claim in abuse of the
court’s process. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s Further Written Submissions dated 24 May 2022 (“DFWS”) at para
58(c); DWS at para 4.

In this regard, the defendant raises three points:

(a) the PFA Sum is owing regardless of any cross-claim (see [24] above);

(b) the plaintiff has taken inconsistent positions in the ongoing London
arbitration and before the Singapore courts as to its liability to pay the PFA
Sum (see [25] above); and

(c) in the London arbitration, the plaintiff made an offer to permanently
compromise its claims against the defendant that are premised on the
plaintiff’s liability to the sub-charterer, and this indicates that those
claims are not genuine. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DFWS at paras 19 and 26.

42 In respect of [41(a)], the defendant repeatedly emphasises the finality of
the PFA and that the PFA Sum is presently owing regardless of any cross-claim.
I have already dealt with whether the PFA Sum is an undisputed debt for the
purposes of a winding-up in the Singapore courts (see [34]–[38] above). For
the purposes of the analysis as to whether there is a cross-claim, the
defendant ignores the fact that the plaintiff’s case is that it is ultimately
not liable for any hire, even though it may have to pay it over to the
defendant first given the PFA, because the Vessel was off-hire during the
material time. In other words, the plaintiff has raised, on a prima facie
standard, that it has a cross-claim that is subject to the parties’
arbitration agreement that will at least equal the amount in the PFA Sum.

43 As for [41(b)], the alleged “inconsistent positions” are in essence the
plaintiff’s refusal to make payment despite having acknowledged its liability
to pay the PFA Sum. I do not see how this indicates any inconsistency in
position. The plaintiff has acknowledged that the PFA creates a contractual
obligation for it to pay the amount awarded to the defendant. Its reason for
having not complied with the PFA is that it is presently appealing the PFA to
the English courts. It also claims that it will ultimately be seeking an order
in its cross-claim in the arbitration that the Vessel was off-hire and any
amount paid over to the defendant has to be repaid (see [21(d)] above).
Whether these are valid reasons for non-compliance with the PFA as things
presently stand is not for this court to decide. The court here is only
concerned with whether there is a cross-claim that falls within the scope of
the parties’ arbitration agreement such that the defendant should not be
allowed to present a winding-up application against the plaintiff based on the
PFA Sum.

44 I do not agree that the plaintiff’s cross-claim can be described as being
not genuine or abusive of the court’s processes. As emphasised by the Court of
Appeal in AnAn Group (at [99]), the threshold for showing abusive conduct is
“very high”. The plaintiff had arrested the defendant’s Vessel in Singapore
waters to obtain security for its cross-claim in the London arbitration. The
defendant’s complaints are effectively that the plaintiff had overstated its
claim amount in the admiralty proceedings it commenced. This is because its
claim amount included the PFA Sum, which the plaintiff had hitherto not paid
to the defendant. Nonetheless, the defendant put up security for the release
of its arrested vessel in the amount of US$11,269,629.34. Also, I noted
counsel’s confirmation that the defendant, up to the date of the hearing
before me, had not applied to set aside any part of the plaintiff’s claim. I
am not convinced that the plaintiff can be described as acting in abuse of the
court’s process. What the Court of Appeal had in mind when it talked about the
abusive conduct exception in AnAn Group is for instance, where a party has
admitted to the creditor’s claim as regards both liability and quantum but
seeks a stay for no reason other than its alleged inability to pay (AnAn Group
at [99(a)]). Here, even if one is to accept that the plaintiff has overstated
the amount of its cross-claim, and the PFA Sum amount should be excluded from
consideration because the plaintiff has not paid that sum over to the
defendant, the remaining portion of the plaintiff’s cross-claim still exceeds
the PFA Sum claimed by the defendant as the basis for winding-up.

45 The defendant’s contention in [41(c)] relates to the plaintiff’s actions in
the London arbitration subsequent to the filing of its counterclaims in those
proceedings. On 21 March 2022, the defendant applied to the tribunal for an
order of security for costs in defending the plaintiff’s counterclaims. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s Affidavit dated 17 May 2022 (“Shingade Ajay Babu’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at para 33.

The tribunal made an order that the plaintiff put up security for costs in the
sum of £270,000.00. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 2nd Affidavit at para 37.

On 22 April 2022, the plaintiff made an application to the tribunal seeking,
inter alia, the defendant’s consent for the order for security for costs to be
revoked in exchange for the plaintiff discontinuing its counterclaim for
US$5,122,992.71, among other things. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Shingade Ajay Babu’s 2nd Affidavit at para 41.

The counterclaim was for the loss and damage allegedly suffered by the
plaintiff as a result of claims by the sub-charterer against the plaintiff
(see [21(a)] above). The defendant argues that this indicates the plaintiff’s
lack of genuine belief in the strength of its counterclaim. Counsel for the
plaintiff, on the other hand, explains that the decision to make an offer to
discontinue the counterclaim was premised on an assessment of risk. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 27 May 2022 at page 2.

In my view, the fact that the plaintiff made an offer to compromise its
counterclaim does not necessarily mean the counterclaim is frivolous and lacks
merit. Indeed, counsel for the defendant accepted at the hearing before me
that the defendant is unable to point to any admission by the plaintiff that
the counterclaims are without basis. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 27 May 2022 at page 3.

46 In view of the above, I find that, on a prima facie standard, there is a
cross-claim subject to the arbitration agreement that exceeds the PFA Sum. The
defendant obviously cannot deny that the cross-claim falls within the scope of
the arbitration agreement. I should add that the defendant is essentially
trying to get this court to determine whether there is any merit to the
plaintiff’s cross-claim in the arbitration. That is precisely what this court
cannot do because it would then be usurping the role of the arbitral tribunal
and undermining the agreement between the parties that their disputes are to
be decided in arbitration, not in the courts. Any investigation into the
merits of the plaintiff’s cross-claim is entirely inconsistent with the
premise for adopting the prima facie standard of review. The Court of Appeal
in AnAn Group (at [75]) rejected the triable issue standard in favour of the
prima facie standard because the former, when applied in the context of
disputes subject to arbitration, “offends against the principle of party
autonomy”. As the Court of Appeal went on to explain (at [77]–[78]):

77 The triable issue standard … requires the court to critically consider the
merits of the company’s defences. If the defences raised are deemed frivolous,
the company will be wound up. This is in spite of the parties’ agreement that
such disputes are to be determined by an arbitrator. … By winding up the
company on the basis that its defences are unmeritorious, the court in effect
takes the place of the arbitral tribunal, against the parties’ agreement …

78 More crucially, by displacing the decision-making capacity of the arbitral
tribunal in respect of the dispute, the court is in effect presuming that it
has arrived at the same result as the tribunal would have, when this may not
necessarily be the case. … Hence, substantive prejudice may be caused to the
parties if their choice of dispute resolution is not strictly adhered to. Such
prejudice is exacerbated by the severe reputational and commercial damage that
follow a winding-up application.

Whether the injunction should be granted and whether security for costs should
be ordered

47 Given my finding that there is, on a prima facie basis, a cross-claim
subject to the arbitration agreement that exceeds the PFA Sum, I find that an
injunction restraining the defendant from commencing winding-up proceedings
should be granted.

48 As earlier mentioned (at [27]), the defendant argues that the court should
grant the injunction only on the condition that the plaintiff furnishes
security of a value equal to the PFA Sum. In Diamond Glass Enterprise Pte Ltd
v Zhong Kai Construction Co Pte Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 510 (“Diamond Glass
Enterprise”), a stay of winding-up proceedings was granted on the condition
that security was to be paid into court. There, the creditor had commenced an
adjudication application against the debtor under the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) and
obtained an adjudication determination in its favour. The creditor
subsequently obtained an order to enforce the adjudication determination as a
judgment and issued a statutory demand against the debtor. When the debtor did
not make payment, the creditor commenced winding-up proceedings. However, it
was found that the debtor had a cross-claim on a prima facie basis based on
substantial grounds that exceeded the debt due to the creditor, and the
winding-up petition was stayed. The creditor then argued that the stay should
be granted only on the condition that the debtor first paid the value of the
debt into court as security.

49 The Court of Appeal (at [110]–[111] of Diamond Glass Enterprise) declined
to lay down a general rule that parties should pay adjudicated amounts into
court pending the resolution of the arbitral tribunal or the court, but
caveated that there may be circumstances that make payment into court a just
condition to impose. The creditor’s argument that payment of security into
court should be ordered because the debtor was at real risk of insolvency was
rejected (at [113]). The Court of Appeal held that the creditor’s allegation
that the debtor was at real risk of insolvency was premised on “bare
assertions” and the debtor’s “balance sheet … [showed] that its total assets …
far exceeded its total liabilities”. It also considered that there was “no
evidence … that any creditors aside from [the said creditor] had taken out
winding-up applications against [the debtor]”. The court ultimately required
the debtor to make payment of security into court for different reasons (at
[112]).

50 In the present case, the defendant raises three points in support of an
order for security to be paid into court: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DWS at para 84.

(a) if the injunction is granted, the defendant would be prevented from
obtaining the PFA Sum despite it being indisputably due;

(b) it would be a “grave miscarriage of justice” if the plaintiff were allowed
to be “double-secured” because it had included the PFA Sum in the quantum of
security demanded in ADM 103/2021 (see [25] above); at the same time, the
defendant is left unable to obtain the PFA Sum while maintaining the security
required to secure the release of the Vessel (see [18] above); and

(c) the defendant has significant concerns about the plaintiff’s solvency,
namely that, should the defendant be successful in the London arbitration, the
plaintiff may not be able to pay the PFA Sum and/or any sum issued in the
final award.

51 In respect of [50(a)], I have already found that the PFA Sum is not an
undisputed debt for the purposes of winding-up proceedings in Singapore (see
[38] above).

52 With regard to [50(b)], counsel for the defendant acknowledged at the
hearing before me that the defendant could apply to moderate the quantum of
security in ADM 103/2021 or apply to set aside the arrest of the Vessel. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 27 May 2022 at page 4.

In my view, either of these possible courses of action might provide a more
appropriate means of addressing the defendant’s concerns in respect of the
quantum of security it had to put up to secure the release of the Vessel, as
opposed to winding-up the plaintiff.

53 As for [50(c)], the defendant alleges that the plaintiff was balance sheet
insolvent since FY 2020. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DFWS at para 46.

Although the 2020 Financial Statements show a net asset position of
US$460,677, the defendant relies primarily on the significant uncollected
receivables (totalling US$11,954,052) in the plaintiff’s balance sheet to
argue that the plaintiff is insolvent. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Tupila Martin John’s Affidavit dated 17 May 2022 (“Tupila Martin John’s 2nd
Affidavit) at page 7, para 4.3.

The defendant’s expert, Mr Tupila, points out that the plaintiff’s own auditor
had issued a qualified opinion because it was unable to conclude on the
recoverability of the plaintiff’s receivables. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Tupila Martin John’s Affidavit dated 29 March 2022 (“Tupila Martin John’s 1st
Affidavit”) at page 6, para 3.1(a).

The plaintiff’s auditor flagged that the plaintiff had past due receivables
that were long outstanding. Although the plaintiff’s management stated that it
was confident of recovery, and the plaintiff has initiated legal action to
recover receivables that have fallen due for more than a year, the auditor
took the position that it was unable to come to a conclusion as to the
recoverability in the absence of satisfactory audit evidence. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Thio Khiaw Ping Kelvin’s Affidavit dated 26 April 2022 (“Thio Khiaw Ping
Kelvin’s Affidavit”) at page 11, para 6.1.

Thus, Mr Tupila’s position is, in essence, that there is some doubt about the
net asset position in so far as it includes the receivables.

54 Mr Tupila opined that, based on the 2020 Financial Statements, the
plaintiff was not in a position to settle its current liabilities without
converting substantially all its trade receivables into cash. On the
assumption that the plaintiff’s financial performance in FY 2021 was
consistent with that in FY 2020, the plaintiff would have had to convert the
overwhelming majority of its trade receivables into cash to meet its current
liabilities at the end of FY 2020. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Tupila Martin John’s 1st Affidavit at page 10, para 5.10.

Mr Tupila therefore concluded in his report dated 29 March 2022 that the
information in the 2020 Financial Statements was “insufficient to demonstrate
that [the plaintiff] is currently solvent on a cash flow basis” [emphasis in
original]. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Tupila Martin John’s 1st Affidavit at page 10, para 6.1.

55 However, according to the plaintiff’s expert, Mr Thio Khiaw Ping Kelvin
(“Mr Thio”) in his report dated 26 April 2022, the plaintiff’s net current
asset position should be adjusted to US$6,220,493 as at 31 December 2020. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Thio Khiaw Ping Kelvin’s Affidavit at page 11, para 5.2.16.

Mr Thio’s calculations were as follows: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Thio Khiaw Ping Kelvin’s Affidavit at page 11, para 5.2.15.

Description| Sum (US$)  
---|---  
Plaintiff’s Net Current Assets | 460,677  
Adjustments| Less: Trade receivables that have been due for more than 365
days| (1,038,562)  
Add: Debts which may not be demanded (trade payables from related parties)|
3,233,343  
Add: Debts which may not be demanded (payables from director)| 3,565,035  
Plaintiff’s Adjusted Net Current Assets | 6,220,493  
  
56 In essence, Mr Thio took into consideration that, even if the long
outstanding receivables cannot be collected (as argued by Mr Tupila), the net
current asset position should also take into account the commercial reality
that certain liabilities to related parties and the plaintiff’s director would
not fall due to be payable. In short, one would not expect these related
parties and the plaintiff’s director to commence any recovery actions against
the plaintiff. Mr Thio thus concluded that, based on the adjusted net current
asset position, assuming the plaintiff’s financial performance in FY 2021 was
consistent with that in FY 2020, the plaintiff would still be solvent even if
the issues with recoverability of trade receivables persisted. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Thio Khiaw Ping Kelvin’s Affidavit at page 11, para 5.2.17.

Mr Tupila, in a further report dated 17 May 2022, disagreed with Mr Thio’s
conclusions. Amongst other things, Mr Tupila disagreed with Mr Thio’s
treatment of debts owed to related parties and the plaintiff’s director. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Tupila Martin John’s 2nd Affidavit at pages 9–10, paras 4.14–4.19.

57 In my judgment, there is insufficient evidence for the court to find that
the plaintiff is insolvent. As it stands, the 2020 Financial Statements record
a net asset positive position. The evidence as to the trade receivables is
equivocal. It would not be appropriate for the court to infer that the
receivables cannot be collected and, on that basis, conclude that the
plaintiff is insolvent. It is also speculative for the court to assume that
the plaintiff’s financial performance after FY 2020 would remain the same.
Further, counsel for the defendant accepted that the defendant is unable to
point to any other creditors pursuing claims or winding-up proceedings against
the plaintiff. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 27 May 2022 at page 4.

In short, there is no real evidence of the plaintiff not being able to meet
its current liabilities as they fall due. The circumstances here are similar
to those in Diamond Glass Enterprise (outlined at [49] above) in so far as
there is insufficient evidence to show that the debtor is at a real risk of
insolvency.

58 For completeness, I note that, as earlier mentioned (at [26]), the
defendant argues that the concerns surrounding the plaintiff’s solvency should
factor into the determination as to whether to grant the injunction. However,
given my conclusions on the issue of the plaintiff’s solvency, this point has
no bearing on my decision to grant the injunction. I therefore cannot agree
with the defendant that the plaintiff should be ordered to put up security on
the basis of its alleged insolvency as a condition for the grant of the
injunction.

59 The defendant also contends that the plaintiff has “taken active steps to
stifle the London Arbitration”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DFWS at para 32.

According to the defendant, the plaintiff has made three attempts to avoid
putting up security for costs that have been ordered against it by the
tribunal: 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DFWS at para 33.

(a) first, the plaintiff resisted the application for security for costs;

(b) second, the plaintiff applied for a stay of the London arbitration and the
order for security for costs; and

(c) third, after the tribunal dismissed the stay application, the plaintiff
sought to re-argue the order for security for costs and requested that the
order be revoked in exchange for the plaintiff dropping its counterclaims.

60 The defendant has also placed before the court the parties’ correspondence
with the tribunal on the appropriate form of security for costs. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Kavitha Ganesan’s 1st Affidavit dated 4 August 2022 (“Kavitha Ganesan’s 1st
Affidavit”) at pages 6–15.

In essence, parties disagreed on the form of security, which led to a delay in
the plaintiff putting up security. The tribunal ordered that security be
provided in the form of an appropriate bank guarantee. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Kavitha Ganesan’s 1st Affidavit at page 15.

The plaintiff reached out to their bank to provide security by way of a “First
Class London Bank Guarantee”. However, the defendant took issue with the
wording of the guarantee, refusing to accept a time limited guarantee. The
plaintiff explained that banks are often not prepared to issue a first class
bank guarantee without a limitation period. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Kavitha Ganesan’s 1st Affidavit at page 12.

On the material that is placed before the court, I am not in a position to
make a finding that the plaintiff is indeed taking active steps to stifle the
arbitration. From my review of the correspondence, both parties have raised
concerns and made arguments in support of their respective positions on the
issue of the form of the bank guarantee. I am of the view that any issues
regarding the plaintiff’s delay in complying with the orders of the tribunal
should be taken up with the tribunal, which will be able to issue the
appropriate directions, if necessary.

Conclusion

61 For the above reasons, I will grant the injunction sought in the
Originating Summons, save that it is to last only until the conclusion of the
London arbitration. I also grant parties liberty to apply.

62 I will deal separately with the issue of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Toh Ka-Chun Gregory and Karluis Quek (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the plaintiff;

Loh Jen Wei, Tan Chengxi and Kavitha Ganesan (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP)
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Aug 2022 (14:33 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

