Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 315

Suit No 844 of 2021

Between

| Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn (Lin Tongzhen)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Cheo Jean Sheng  
---|---  
(2)| Ching Sheue Siant Joey  
(3)| H.S.Y.3 Bistro Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn

  
v

  

Cheo Jean Sheng and others

[2022] SGHC 315

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 844 of 2021  
Goh Yihan JC  
22, 23, 26, 29 August, 5, 19 October 2022

19 December 2022 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

Background

1 The Plaintiff is Ms Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn. The First Defendant is Mr Cheo
Jean Sheng (“Cheo”), and the Second Defendant is Ms Ching Sheue Siant Joey
(“Ching”). The Plaintiff made an investment in the Third Defendant, H.S.Y.3
Bistro Pte Ltd (“the Company”). Later, however, the Plaintiff became
dissatisfied with how the Company was run by Cheo and Ching. She alleges that
she was excluded from the conduct of the Company’s affairs. Worst of all, she
says that Cheo and Ching wrongfully diluted her shareholding in the Company
through a share split, in breach of her legitimate expectation that she was to
be a majority shareholder. Accordingly, she has brought the present claim
against the alleged wrongdoers Cheo and Ching (whom I shall refer to
collectively as “the Defendants”).

2 This is the Plaintiff’s claim for relief under s 216 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”) against the Defendants. For
completeness, s 216(1), which provides the basis for relief against minority
oppression, provides as follows:

Personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice

216.—(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of a
declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

3 In essence, the Plaintiff alleges that the Defendants conducted the affairs
of the Company in a manner that was oppressive to her and in disregard of her
interests as a shareholder of the Company. While the Plaintiff originally
pleaded five grounds of oppression in her Statement of Claim, this withered
down to just four grounds in her Closing Submissions. I shall adopt the
grounds set out in her Closing Submissions, which were presented in the
following order: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 5 October 2022 at paras 11 and 12.

(a) the Defendants unfairly diluted the Plaintiff’s shareholding in the
Company through a share split;

(b) the Defendants failed to hold Annual General Meetings (“AGMs”) in a timely
and proper manner and failed to include the Plaintiff in these meetings;

(c) the Defendants used the Company’s resources for improper purposes and
enriched themselves in the process; and

(d) the Defendants attempted to strike off the Company after extracting its
full value.

4 The ground which the Plaintiff has dropped is that the Defendants conducted
the Company’s affairs to her exclusion by, among others, denying her
information about the state of the Company’s finances. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim dated 12 October 2021 at paras 60(a) and 60(d).

In any case, this is an overarching ground that is covered in the four grounds
now advanced by the Plaintiff in her Closing Submissions. Ultimately, the
Plaintiff’s case is that the relationship of mutual trust and confidence upon
which she had agreed to be an investor and shareholder of the Company, and
upon which she received her shares, has broken down entirely.

5 Having considered the parties’ evidence and submissions, I dismiss the
Plaintiff’s claim in its entirety. In my judgment, the Plaintiff has not made
out any of the grounds of oppression against the Defendants. In essence, I
find that the parties had not intended for the Plaintiff to be a majority
shareholder of the Company. Accordingly, the major plank of her case falls
away. I find that the Defendants did not unfairly dilute the Plaintiff’s
shares in breach of her legitimate expectations to be a majority shareholder.
Further, I conclude that the Plaintiff has failed to make out the other three
grounds of oppression which, in any event, would not have been sufficient by
themselves to make out a claim under s 216 without the main ground of unfair
dilution being successfully proved. I now develop the reasons for my decision
in this judgment.

The parties

6 I start by describing the parties and my assessment of their demeanour
during the trial. I begin with the Company, which is a “karaoke pub” located
in the Central Business District. It was incorporated on 6 August 2018.

7 As for the Plaintiff, she holds 30,000 shares in the Company, which forms
the basis of the present claim. I, unfortunately, did not find the Plaintiff
to be a reliable witness. Instead, I found that the Plaintiff generally spoke
whatever came to her mind, and stuck stubbornly to it, even when it made no
logical sense or was plainly inconsistent with what she had said on another
occasion. Of course, the Plaintiff’s demeanour does not, by itself, mean that
her claim should fail.

8 I turn to the Defendants. Cheo has at all material times been the sole
director of the Company. From the date of incorporation of the Company to 13
June 2019, Cheo held 4,000 shares in the Company. After the Plaintiff’s
shareholding in the Company was allegedly diluted via a share split, Cheo held
216,000 shares of the Company. In turn, Ching is the Company’s secretary. From
the date of incorporation of the Company to 13 June 2019, Ching held 1,000
shares in the Company. After the Plaintiff’s shareholding in the Company was
allegedly diluted via a share split, Ching held 54,000 shares of the Company.
Cheo then transferred to Ching 81,000 shares on 6 September 2019. Thus, as of
the commencement of the present suit, Cheo and Ching each hold 135,000 shares
of the Company.

9 For ease of reference, I set out a table illustrating the changes in the
shareholding which constituted the alleged dilution:

Shareholder| No of shares held in the Company after share split| Percentage
shareholding| No of shares held in the Company prior to share split|
Percentage shareholding  
---|---|---|---|---  
Plaintiff| 30,000| 10%| 30,000| 85.7%  
Cheo| 135,000| 45%| 4,000| 11.4%  
Ching| 135,000| 45%| 1,000| 2.85%  
Total| 300,000| 100%| 35,000| 100%  
  
10 I found the Defendants to be generally reliable witnesses on the stand.
They took their time to answer questions on the stand and sought clarification
when they did not understand the legal aspects of the question posed to them.
In my view, the Defendants are genuinely perturbed by the Plaintiff’s present
claim. They relied on their lawyer’s advice which led to the alleged dilution
of the Plaintiff’s shares. I am satisfied that they did not intend to oppress
the Plaintiff, whether in the legal or non-legal sense of the word.

Overview of the parties’ cases

The Plaintiff’s case

11 Having introduced the parties, I turn now to provide an overview of their
respective cases. The Plaintiff’s case is that, around 10 June 2018, at the
Defendants’ invitation, she invested a total sum of $30,000 in the Company.
This was purportedly in consideration of her being issued a total of 30,000
ordinary shares in the Company. This was to have represented a majority stake
in the Company of 85.7%.

12 The Plaintiff alleges that there had been, at all material times, an
express and/or implied understanding and trust between her and Defendants
that:

(a) the Plaintiff’s shareholding in the Company would remain the same or
substantially similar to her initially subscribed shareholding percentage of
85.7%;

(b) the Plaintiff will remain the majority shareholder of the Company;

(c) the Plaintiff was providing the capital for the Company’s primary business
while Cheo was to manage the Company’s business with the assistance of Ching;

(d) the Company’s primary business was the operation of a “karaoke pub”
business named H.S.Y.3. Bistro Pub, Bistro Novo;

(e) while the Plaintiff was not to take up any formal directorship in the
Company, the Company would be run in close consultation with all the
shareholders of the Company (ie, the Plaintiff and the Defendants); and

(f) any profits earned by the Company would be shared by way of dividends to
the shareholders of the Company.

13 According to the Plaintiff, the parties’ understanding was formed after
several meetings in or around June 2018 where they discussed working together
to set up a food and beverage establishment. After hearing the Defendants’
proposal to start a bistro in the Central Business District, the Plaintiff
agreed to collaborate with them and to provide the financial capital which the
Defendants needed for the venture.

14 The parties enjoyed a good relationship at the time. As such, the Plaintiff
agreed not to take up a directorship role based on this relationship of mutual
trust and confidence. Despite this, the Plaintiff maintains that it was a
common understanding between the parties that the Plaintiff would continue to
enjoy the Company’s profits, which were paid out through dividends.

15 However, the Plaintiff alleges that, since the Company was incorporated,
Cheo has conducted its affairs and exercised his powers as the sole director
of the Company in a manner that is prejudicial, unfair, and oppressive to the
Plaintiff. Ching, while not a director of the Company, is allegedly in concert
with Cheo and has supported all his oppressive acts against the Plaintiff. The
alleged grounds of oppression are those that I have set out at [3] above.

The Defendants’ case

16 The Defendants’ main case is that pursuant to the Partnership Agreement and
Deposit Receipt dated 10 June 2018 (“the Deposit Receipt”), the Plaintiff had
at all material times intended to invest $30,000 in the Company, in
consideration for 10% ownership of shares of the Company. Accordingly, the
parties never intended for the Plaintiff to be a majority shareholder. In
fact, she got what she bargained for, which is 10% of the shares in the
Company. There is thus no basis to say that the Defendants had unfairly
diluted the Plaintiff’s shares.

17 As for the other grounds of oppression, the Defendants deny that they had
carried out any of those acts for reasons that I will explain below.

The relevant issues

18 With the overview of the parties’ cases in mind, I now set out the relevant
issues that I have to determine in the present case. In this regard, the
parties had agreed to a list of issues for the purposes of the trial and
submissions. I will therefore adhere to this list of issues except for
suitable adjustments to account for the fact that the Plaintiff now advances
four grounds of oppression as opposed to the original five:

(a) First, I will determine some general legal issues which would set the
legal stage for the consideration of the more substantive issues.

(b) Second, I will consider whether the Defendants’ alleged dilution of the
Plaintiff’s shares amounts to an oppressive act within the meaning of s
216(1).

(c) Third, I will consider whether the Defendants’ alleged failure to hold
AGMs in a timely and proper basis, as well as failure to include the Plaintiff
in these meetings, amounts to an oppressive act within the meaning of s
216(1).

(d) Fourth, I will consider whether the Defendants’ alleged use of the
Company’s resources for improper purposes and enriching themselves in the
process amounts to an oppressive act within the meaning of s 216.

(e) Fifth, I will consider whether the Defendants’ alleged attempt to strike
off the Company after extracting its full value amounts to an oppressive act
within the meaning of s 216.

(f) Finally, depending on whether I find that oppression within the meaning of
s 216 has been made out, I will consider the appropriate remedies in this
case.

Determination of general legal issues

Whether the Plaintiff needs to prove just one, some, or all of the alleged
grounds of oppression

19 I begin with the determination of two general legal issues. The first is
whether, in the light of the Plaintiff’s allegation of four grounds of
oppression, she needs to prove just one of them, some of them, or all of them,
to succeed in the s 216 minority oppression action.

20 To start with, the locus classicus on minority oppression is the Court of
Appeal decision of Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010]
2 SLR 776 (“Over & Over”). For the court to make a finding of minority
oppression, a plaintiff must identify the potentially oppressive acts (eg, not
paying dividends, dilution of shareholding) and in deciding whether to grant
relief under s 216, the court will consider “both the legal rights and the
legitimate expectations of members” (see Over & Over at [78]). Then, a
plaintiff must prove that there was commercial unfairness, ie, that there was
a “visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and a violation of the
conditions of fair play which a shareholder is entitled to expect” (see Over &
Over at [77]). This much is undisputed between the parties.

21 In my view, it is sufficient in principle for the Plaintiff to succeed on
one of the grounds that she alleges satisfies the definition of a minority
oppression under s 216. Based on a plain reading of s 216, either a course of
conduct or even a single act could theoretically amount to oppression (see
Over & Over at [74]). However, for the Plaintiff to rely on a single ground,
that ground must be a weighty one indeed. In this regard, the Court of Appeal
in Over & Over had said (at [74]):

… It has been noted, however, that the majority of the cases that have been
decided by the courts pertain to minority complaints under limb (a) above,
viz, oppression manifesting itself in the extended abuse in the conduct of the
company’s affairs … the following passage from Minority Shareholders’ Rights
and Remedies correctly encapsulates the position on what might be said to
single distinct acts of unfair behaviour (at pp 228–229):

…

In the same vein, an isolated act may amount to oppression and a course of
conduct need not be shown. For example, a singular dilution of the minority’s
shares by the majority contrary to an informal understanding, or a clear and
egregious misappropriation of monies contrary to an implied understanding,
would suffice as oppressive conduct. However, a singular assertion of
excessive remuneration or inadequate dividend payment perhaps may not. As
illustrated by cases like Low Peng Boon v Low Janie, Kumagai Gumi Co Ltd v
Zenecon Pte Ltd, Re Elgindata Ltd and Re Cumana Ltd, to name a few,
allegations of oppression appear to be best sustained where oppression
manifests itself in a course of conduct over a period of time, straddling
several grounds or categories of oppressive conduct, and considered
cumulatively. Nonetheless, this is not to say that a past and singular act may
not amount to oppression under section 216 of the Companies Act. …

[emphasis in original]

22 I therefore agree with the Defendants that it would be sufficient for the
Plaintiff to succeed on just one ground if the sole ground is that in relation
to the dilution of the Plaintiff’s shares. This is because if proved, this
ground goes to the root of the parties’ arrangement. Also, while the dilution
took place at a point in time with the passage of the relevant resolutions,
the events leading to those resolutions took place over a relatively lengthy
period of time.

23 However, I do not agree with the Defendants that the remaining grounds
cannot, even if proved collectively, amount to oppression. This is because, as
the Court of Appeal, referring to Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’ Rights
and Remedies (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2007), has said in Over & Over (at [74]),
“allegations of oppression appear to be best sustained where oppression
manifests itself in a course of conduct over a period of time, straddling
several grounds or categories of oppressive conduct, and considered
cumulatively”. Therefore, it is conceivable, depending on the extent to which
the rest of the allegations are proven, that the Plaintiff remains able to
make out a minority oppression claim under s 216 based on the other grounds
collectively other than that in relation to the dilution of the Plaintiff’s
shares. For completeness, I will thus consider all four grounds of oppression
alleged by the Plaintiff before making a holistic assessment of whether the
minority oppression action under s 216 is made out.

Whether there was a relationship of mutual trust and confidence between the
Plaintiff and the Defendants

24 The second legal (and factual) issue which I need to determine is whether
there is a relationship of mutual trust and confidence between the Plaintiff
and the Defendants (ie, whether the Company was operated in a quasi-
partnership manner). While the legal rights and expectations of a shareholder
are usually enshrined in the company’s constitution in the majority of cases,
a special class of quasi-partnership companies form an exception to this rule
(see Over & Over at [78]). A quasi-partnership is understood as a company
whose affairs are conducted with a degree of informality, ie, where the
members do not transact on an arms-length basis, do not distil their informal
agreements into formal contracts, and do not record their understandings in
writing (see the High Court decision of Leong Chee Kin (on behalf of himself
and as a minority shareholder of Ideal Design Studio Pte Ltd) v Ideal Design
Studio Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 331 at [50]).

25 The rationale underlying the law’s recognition of this exceptional class of
quasi-partnerships was elaborated upon by Lord Wilberforce in Ebrahimi v
Westbourne Galleries Ltd [1973] AC 360 (“Ebrahimi”) (at 379):

[A] limited company is more than a mere legal entity, with a personality in
law of its own: … there is room in company law for recognition of the fact
that behind it, or amongst it, there are individuals, with rights,
expectations and obligations inter se which are not necessarily submerged in
the company structure. … The ‘just and equitable’ provisions … enable the
court to subject the exercise of legal rights to equitable considerations;
considerations, that is, of a personal character arising between one
individual and another, which may make it unjust, or inequitable, to insist on
legal rights, or to exercise them in a particular way.

[emphasis added]

26 While this statement in Ebrahimi was made in the context of the “just and
equitable” jurisdiction of the court under the winding-up provisions of the UK
Companies Act, the Court of Appeal in Over & Over has endorsed this
explanation as applying equally to cases involving minority oppression (see
Over & Over at [79] and [80]). The superimposition of equitable considerations
to scrutinise the conduct of the majority is premised on the view that the
minority shareholders are particularly vulnerable because of the informal
nature of the company set-up, where not all rights and obligations are
explicitly spelt out in legal terms. Further, the majority would be in an
“advantageous” position to exploit the vulnerable minority shareholders, given
that the latter may have no obvious legal remedies spelt out in the memorandum
and articles of association (see Over & Over at [83]).

27 Accordingly, the starting point in establishing a claim based on minority
oppression, in the context of a quasi-partnership, is for a plaintiff to show
that the company in question is subject to equitable considerations, arising
either at the time the parties’ relationship commenced or subsequently, which
make it unfair for those conducting its affairs to rely on their strict legal
powers and rights under the memorandum and the company’s articles of
association (see the High Court decision of Lim Kok Wah and others v Lim Boh
Yong and others and other matters [2015] 5 SLR 307 at [102]). In this regard,
Lord Wilberforce in Ebrahimi identified some non-exhaustive elements that may
justify the superimposition of equitable considerations (and hence the finding
of a quasi-partnership) (see Ebrahimi at 379, cited with approval by the Court
of Appeal in Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar Investments Pte Ltd [2006] 3 SLR(R) 827
(“Evenstar”) at [29]):

… Certainly the fact that a company is a small one, or a private company, is
not enough. There are very many of these where the association is a purely
commercial one, of which it can safely be said that the basis of association
is adequately and exhaustively laid down in the articles. The superimposition
of equitable considerations requires something more, which typically may
include one, or probably more, of the following elements: (i) an association
formed or continued on the basis of a personal relationship, involving mutual
confidence - this element will often be found where a pre-existing partnership
has been converted into a limited company; (ii) an agreement, or
understanding, that all, or some (for there may be “sleeping” members), of the
shareholders shall participate in the conduct of the business; (iii)
restriction upon the transfer of the members' interest in the company - so
that if confidence is lost, or one member is removed from management, he
cannot take out his stake and go elsewhere.

[emphasis added]

28 If the venture is a quasi-partnership, then the court will apply a
“stricter yardstick of scrutiny because of the peculiar vulnerability of
minority shareholders in such companies” (see Over & Over at [83]) and “will
insist upon a high standard of corporate governance” (see the decision of the
Court of Appeal in Lim Swee Khiang and another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and
others [2006] 4 SLR(R) 745 (“Lim Swee Khiang”) at [83]). The practical effect
of finding a quasi-partnership is that the court will be more willing to look
beyond the documents to search for some informal understanding between the
parties, as the parties in such a situation would unlikely spell out and
document all their rights.

29 In my judgment, the relationship between the Plaintiff and Cheo/Ching is
not a quasi-partnership. I agree with the Defendants that the parties are
essentially strangers to one another who only got acquainted via their mutual
friend, Mr Ang Han Wei. The evidence shows that they dealt with each other at
arms-length as investor and entrepreneur. The quality of a personal
relationship involving mutual trust and confidence is therefore missing. This
is thus unlike a situation of close friends (see Lim Swee Khiang), a company
formed by parties who were partners together for a long association (see
Ebrahimi), or a company formed by siblings or close relatives with a view to
pull their resources together (see Evenstar).

30 The Plaintiff does not in fact push the case that there was a quasi-
partnership. Instead, the Plaintiff argues that the Company needs not
necessarily be a quasi-partnership for equitable considerations to arise. In
support of this submission, the Plaintiff cites a passage from Hans Tjio,
Pearlie Koh and Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy Publishing, 2015)
(“Corporate Law”) at para 11.059, at which the learned authors opine that
“section 216 of the Companies Act may [not] only be accessed by members of
companies that are quasi-partnerships. Indeed … the section is crafted in
sufficiently broad terms as to apply also to public, and even listed,
companies …”. I do not think that this passage supports the Plaintiff’s
submission. Quite plainly, all that this passage says is that s 216 is
available to entities other than quasi-partnerships. This does not mean, as
the Plaintiff suggests, that “equitable considerations” – by which I take to
mean a court’s willingness to look beyond the documents – apply beyond quasi-
partnerships. As I have stated above, the superimposition of equitable
considerations is precisely because of the finding that the company has the
characteristics of a quasi-partnership. As Lord Hoffmann said in O’Neill v
Phillips [1999] 1 WLR 1092, a case under s 459 of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6)
(UK), which corresponds materially to s 216 (at 1098–1099):

Although fairness is a notion which can be applied to all kinds of activities,
its content will depend upon the context in which it is being used. Conduct
which is perfectly fair between competing businessmen may not be fair between
members of a family. In some sports it may require, at best, observance of the
rules, in others (“it’s not cricket”) it may be unfair in some circumstances
to take advantage of them. All is said to be fair in love and war. So the
context and the background are very important.

In the case of section 459, the background has the following two features.
First, a company is an association of persons for an economic purpose, usually
entered into with legal advice and some degree of formality. The terms of the
association are contained in the articles of association and sometimes in
collateral agreements between the shareholders. Thus the manner in which the
affairs of the company may be conducted is closely regulated by rules to which
the shareholders have agreed. Secondly, company law has developed seamlessly
from the law of partnership, which was treated by equity, like the Roman
societas, as a contract of good faith. One of the traditional roles of equity,
as a separate jurisdiction, was to restrain the exercise of strict legal
rights in certain relationships in which it considered that this would be
contrary to good faith. These principles have, with appropriate modification,
been carried over into company law.

The first of these two features leads to the conclusion that a member of a
company will not ordinarily be entitled to complain of unfairness unless there
has been some breach of the terms on which he agreed that the affairs of the
company should be conducted. But the second leads to the conclusion that there
will be cases in which equitable considerations make it unfair for those
conducting the affairs of the company to rely upon their strict legal powers.
Thus unfairness may consist in a breach of the rules or in using the rules in
a manner which equity would regard as contrary to good faith.

[emphasis added]

31 Accordingly, since this is not a quasi-partnership situation, and in the
light of the Court of Appeal’s guidance in Over & Over at [83], I will ascribe
greater weight to the documents in discerning the legitimate expectations of
the Plaintiff in the present case.

Whether the Defendants’ alleged dilution of the Plaintiff’s shares amount to
an oppressive act within the meaning of s 216(1)

The parties’ arguments

32 I turn now to the first alleged ground of oppression, which is the
Defendants’ alleged dilution of the Plaintiff’s shares in the Company. The
parties each advanced rather different versions of what transpired in
connection with the alleged dilution, which I will go through first.

The Plaintiff’s case

33 The Plaintiff’s case on this ground is as follows. Having decided to make
an investment in the Defendants’ venture on or around 10 June 2018, the
Plaintiff invested $30,000. She alleges that, on or around 10 June 2018, she
agreed orally with the Defendants to the following material terms:

(a) the Plaintiff would provide the majority of the start-up capital for the
venture;

(b) as a result of her majority contribution towards the financial capital,
the Plaintiff would become a majority shareholder of the Company;

(c) also, since the Plaintiff was providing the majority of the financial
capital, the Defendants would run and manage the venture on a day-to-day basis
but would consult her on major issues relating to the business; and

(d) there was no need for the Plaintiff to be appointed as a director of the
venture and Cheo would be the sole director.

Following the alleged oral agreement, on or around 10 June 2018, the Plaintiff
handed Cheo two cheques for the sums of $20,000 and $10,000.

34 After this, the Plaintiff says that Cheo asked her to sign a “Partnership
Agreement and Deposit Receipt”, which I have referred to above as the “Deposit
Receipt”. The Plaintiff says that the Deposit Receipt was prepared by Cheo
solely for the purpose of recording the Plaintiff’s payment of the two cheques
for the total sum of $30,000 to the first defendant on 8 July 2018. The
Deposit Receipt provided that the sum of $30,000 was to be returned to the
Plaintiff if the Company was not able to obtain licensing approval to be run
as a “karaoke pub”.

35 Importantly, the Plaintiff says that Cheo had written the following on the
Deposit Receipt: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AEIC of Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn at p 42.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAsMAAAELCAIAAACzvRxRAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAAlwSFlzAAAOxAAADsQBlSsOGwAA/7VJREFUeF7snQWAVsUWx7d7l6W7OwUMGpFU6ZQGpRQFRCUlRUHAQJDGAKRBOqS7u7uX2O6vd99v7lmu+8CApeXex/v89n5zZ86cOXPOf845M9c5MTHRybgMDhgcMDhgcMDggMEBgwMp4oBLip4yHjI4YHDA4IDBAYMDBgcMDigOGEjCkAODAwYHDA4YHDA4YHAg5RwwkETKeWc8aXDA4IDBAYMDBgcMDjy7SIIEDsnhSP5514DxU0JCgl7y4YeT2qhE1ZlAu+qfk/5Pq11v8eHbMmowOGBwwOCAwQGDA/8BDjy7SALmOhwOAQp/BxceIYbQIQuNSouCGv5ujAVzGJfBAYMDBgcMDhgceME58EwjCWdnZ6x5fHz8P2wwcXFxeVTbT2jOZrOJQNgc5oREe6KTw8lZ/iXhBtqy2+3ACNp9wUXH6L7BAYMDBgcMDhgcgAPKVOuM4PuFCxc2b95ssVjc3d2xrL6+vhhyLy+vmJiY1q1b8yc3uZ4A7xITHTeuX/nuu+92796XN2/usePG+vkHuri4JiQ6XJwTzZa4EyeOr1m+zNfL75UyrxQvXur02UuvlSnn6ub6oLSJw2P58uXLli2rX79+nTp17Hbb669X/vzzz99++23YI2DF1dWNmmfNmjVz5sy+ffu+/vrrT4YPD9odo7zBAYMDBgcMDhgceJIc+L+FNfYyLCzs+++/v3Tp0u3bt7Hi7du3x9Dy5zfffMNPLMcflQPgXzvpSHD6uNfnr9d4e+jwkTv2Hh4xemyCMupOiQkOk9lUo0atFi3bB2bOVaVe42mzfs+SK99vv/2WmGD512rvLQAgMJvNVqt14cKFUVFR4AZ3d49jx04cPXpcC3E4mc0WZ+ckRp0+fRqkdfHixSfGhxT0yHjE4IDBAYMDBgcMDjwxDvyfT4IUgYkTJ5YsWbJMmTJ8L1u2LJb1zJkzWE3M59WrV9u0aePp6flk1uIHDx1+/fWqN2/dSHA49u7b/9JLLwWm8gZJxETHtmnTLjwsasnSJd7+AW4erhSYOGH8mdPHx40b6+nm86C8AyrRWZ7y8/ObOnUqfeTPLVu2lCpVijt0dtCgQf369QsICKBMZGTk2bNnCxUqhHvG1fWB/R8PSptR3uCAwQGDAwYHDA484xz4P58Ey/GOHTsCIPji4eFBUIMvmFI3N7eqVas2a9aML2ZT1OZNq374ftSFc6esFpPdarGa45YuXnDr5rW5s387d/ZEdGTorh2bo6NCr145P3/erKiIYLs1/tChQ8QFsNn6JXsiNBOeEB0dvm7tqtWrlkWGB1vMMQkOc1jozUsXziTYzcE3gqIiwiuVLxvo50N5q9Uxa9bcNWvW/vrrL4GBqXzdXTwSHD5urj0+/NDL0ycxwSXRYUtw2E4eP7p86eIL587wpyMBj0PMzVtXDx3eGx8ftXTZwu3btxI6SUiwW61mh8N26dL5DRtXnz13wj/Ay2KJoxEXV0eObJls1nhnJ/v+fTvHjxtz5syJiIjQhASbr6+3zY6LgkbsiY5Eh91+5dL5Hds2xkSHOOxmm9Vsio+Njgi7eunCjaCrqxbNPH3kkMNsc1gddOr02f14d4gThYaGSrLFqVOnIiIi5PszLigGeQYHDA4YHDA4YHDgrzkg2x/uujBs5B7mypULMIEdxt7zJwYPF0Wz5m3G/Dj5j/UbS77y8k8zfz504mDjJg19fby6dfvAy9OtVMkSb71V09vbs02blq1aNc+XN1ee3Dm/+GJQo0aNcubMmT9//ujoaOqhNrZFqA0SCQl//PFHjZo1xoz5vnfvTwP8fcaN+z42NnLSpB87dHgX/8e0adMmT54sT3GRtPHqq69WrFiRTA4qISQhlPNTbGwsf8bHxzVt0rhf374EO8qVLduoYQNqmzVreu48OWrVqt6oUQP+BaTyX75iidVqstnMI0Z82bJli++/++GNN6r7+gRMn/6b1WKb/usMHx/PiRPGHTt26M03a9Cv+vXrfvPN6EOHDpYqVdLDw/3IkcNxsbEnT5ysV7dur88+GzJ4kI+Pd5/evUJCggd83t/dza1undoVK5R/tVQxfy+vVctW2i321SuXvVSi4NixY3H54OGAeFAF7H333Xdhr2wYMS6DAwYHDA4YHDA48NxxQG11/EskgW3GZuPex+ZxgSf4/PHHHz/o+n5kZGh0dET79q1LlSphMsVu3rbFw8tz284dGzZv2r1/37Rffvby9h43YXy8xTJj1m8u7m4/jBuL4SdukipVKmBBXFyclm8BCLBFR0flzZOvf/+BFqst1mR6o0b1vPnzhUVG2BIS9h3Yj6EFOtCu2Fq+sKDPlClTlSpVqESHEdAvZfgcN2GSt29ATLwpMiZ2287dbh5eixYtMplMLVq0IFpB8gcP1qtXu3bttxwO68VL59w93EJCbkdFxdy4ccvN1XPKlJ/sNtwNdi8f799mz46Jj58zf56bu/vxEydpwRRvnjb1Z29vv3PnLsbExdauV6dL165xZku8xdaxUzdv38Adu/dcC7rp7uVToVKVXXv2HTx21NXDvVfvXlazuUSRop/1+AS4s2bNGpJOBAZ99dVX27ZtE6z23ImOQbDBAYMDBgcMDhgcgAN/u5VR9kNi8jF4EuAADWCJjx89+nGP7l8P/yo6MiZzxiwWk+36levEHV575dVKFSu+XLKU1WKhsI+Xt7ubq4uT2uaRIUNGUgoCAwOpgZ+Im2gHRTjj0V+5clXQjaAC+fNRzNPdveO77129cnXv7j2JDsfpk6dAEpAhe0H5pBIscebMmclRkHQNPSgguQ7AjkkTxtd++01XZ2dqK16sSNo0qTdt2kRJ0kVz58qdJk0aKsmXrwDHhFut9gXzFxUvVtzPLwAPRNq0qb19PMh8YPMnxPj6+JpNJg9397Sp01Bz/nz5iPN4eHrcuBmESyU4+FbQ9etrVq3u+N57Hm6urs5OvXr1THBYt2/d6uHulmC3lXntlVIlX8qeNRunXF25csXZ1aVwsWLzFi7AU/Lyyy/XqlVLtsCwB6RcuXKyTcZwmhkcMDhgcMDggMGB55EDf40kMMxYXIFafBFbjl0/cuTIm2/Vnjpt+pAvhs+dv2Dp8uWe3l7u7m7EKeLj4pwTnVxdXLw9vfhU5jXRydvLy80F45xADdhjcAluCdik7atU2AAfAxjA08uDpAlsafVq1XCSREZEUANZjYAYYAeFhQaoSpcuXZ48ecgz4Hvy/aiyURMkceH8OYfd5uri7OnhDpjIkzsXuy2AI+nTp3dyVodX8lRQ0A2qdXNz37dvf86cuaBHdsJi0bWOq92eFrNZ3YU4ux08ERx8GyTBv4wZM7i5uQAmjhw+4u7mDp6gmLNTYvp0gQH+vrdukh9qZ3uJt5eni7OTv4/K7UibJq3d7hj347jO73cePnw4SIKcTZoQDvMpySjPo/QYNBscMDhgcMDggMGBv0YSuhugevXq8l0OYipcuPDPP/+MgedPkMG8efOAArI1VN/TwR4HIggEFCiPCcdS8hMFsNPYbxIMpTYuzDaZE3gpjh07Jq3gbJBW+ImTLWgINwb16+NEbTVq1Dh58uSSJUvEUSE/8WXVqlVSp2w24Sna5acCBQp4e3vjzOCOwBFaFFiTIUOG48eP04rswkibNi3f+UIZYiiCYKiKO8HBwdKQHD7B41mzZqXA0qVLpXV6R5epELzFn1QrxWj65s2bstG0T58+bAmBqsaNG8MHiWgYImhwwOCAwQGDAwYHnmsO/G10AzOJaVy7dq0AAjF7lSpVwqaSIDlp0sR58+Zu374tVaoA7qdOnVrPZgBG8Cx3JLkB24z1JfkADwR1eHn5uDi72m0KHGBfixQpgvXlIAe7zeKc6Fi6bE3hYmWy5cjDpgg2O2DIsfpcFKYVCWGwhQQzP3DgwKNHj0rwhc8dO3YALwigDBgwAAiyceNGKsd1AYBo2LCh+EIkXsN9/gTT8J0ow/Xr15ctXxYVFX78+NHLVy75+/vaoMQ5kV5QhkbF5EMkZ0hIMIVPOFOqZKmMGbIsmD//1o1riY74i2eO0kloowAP4gKhIVqnBh8fH/BQ27ZtqRP80atXLwrcunWLX3/+aUrwrbOJDpPD7uC0DPaxONSeFuMyOGBwwOCAwQGDA88NB1yHDBlyL7HYvClTprCw5viEHNqFOcQAFyxYMHOmHIsWLl2ydGVYaPS3334XFhq5YOGCa9eu+vv747cPCgpitwUmnLwErCZLdgw8q/ACBQouW7p8//79/v4Br732GuDA09MDW8sKvkmTJhj+zZs2rVy1au6chcuXLU2bJtXBgwfGjRt3/sJFQAk1Ax30WAbPst+BhX7v3r1//fVXMhZpETzRv39/CpcoUQLDzx0I+Pbbbzt37ly3bl08AbhScJ9AIR4LzrJkM0jx4sWh5Pz58yO//vqHH9imcSwkJIQwRMGChQ4dOjx9+nQiKexeyZgx4+LFi/G+UC1OC1q8fPkywOL1qlVLv/LKwYMHly1devzosXnzFw4cPKRkyVIzZsxgNwqUlC5dGnwDB2Ba7ty5qYRnDx8+TGfbtWvXoEEDQAxbWq5evVGnbj0XVzeCJwroKKjz3EiPQajBAYMDBgcMDhgc+L+TqXR2yC5QsWnigRf/v3IMOBxR0dE+3qRAeKsjIRITJJtB1uvyCJgDey+2nwdx7Lu5uvMjmyRTBaYmg0EFDtyU4aRCfqX85avXcufN62pP8HBxdXZ3s5Nk4eJiN5uoR6IMFMaW62EX5eew2wEEfMHAy0+SjUGggcxQdp0QKxH3Ay4EblKDVCVhDt3JQfZn8O2QDBnSW602nsINQlNUi8+AT5wZIIzw8PB8+fJJsCPpKHEPd/wIpvh4TspyWGwZM6Qn9YKzuiVjg07JxhNQFK1LfAdGQTDAiJCHZEhs3Ly1XMXXPdyc3Fwc7q4eTgmai8g478qYlwYHDA4YHDA48Pxw4K+RxPNDv0GpwQGDAwYHDA4YHDA48DQ5YLzQ8mly32jb4IDBAYMDBgcMDjzvHDCQxPM+ggb9BgcMDhgcMDhgcOBpcsCIbjxN7httGxyAA7JpWd9yLBk//5p5K09JXo4clEJVSZU4rObY6B07d+7dt+/06TN58uaJjrexaYgkYtkabVwGBwwOGBx4hBwwkMQjZKZRlcGBlHBAjh7Rs4mpgu9ygss/XOREk0csD8oOZ2AEf5LVO/nb7w/s35e/SOEPenbPlD07ibzDB35RuXJljpk3kERKRsh4xuCAwYF/5ICBJAwBMTjwlDkgh7Ww4WjdunWtW7cWDPGvSIKnKMOGIDYe8zibitnhzHYhTnurWaNG+fIVvH192FTs4A25Li7jx41jXxKHmshJKsZlcMDggMGBR8gBA0k8QmYaVRkcSAkHwAE4FXbv3t28eXMOQJMD1OXAVqmOAnKiq2yHlkAGGAKfxKxZs+bPmtOpxyc5CxfhrfYn9u0vW6Jo4SIFtTfeqI3TchztRx991LVrV06Ple3QxmVwwOCAwYFHyAEj4/IRMtOoyuBACjmAgeewNQ5UxbXAd4l3SF3gBv0tM8lPjucnPBAcW9KidZsKZV4pmCNjoRyZSxYtdPToMXwcOh3Uw1lqUVFRHI/2r7kXKaTeeMzggMGBF5sDBpJ4scff6P2zwQF5Qw1np/K6WvFAcIcDWDkvdezYsYsWLeK8VN5FJ7kUQjLlCVVwlOrO3Xs8eSFdgsXXxebj6RIaHmlPhkIkbsIbdMEc/xoxeTaYYVBhcMDgwHPGAQNJPGcDZpD7n+QAfggOeq9Vo2agf4DD5rgVdGPY4CGD+n++fcv2yIh4q8Vp397Df6zZNGvm/BtBt3AzSIolT2XLlo03725avznR6sxBqWdPnp8yeaqJN9neuQAfnNBK5eLb+E9yz+iUwQGDA0+XA0aexNPlv9G6wQGVzQAXrl279vmAAdOn/xodHdO2bZsmTZrm5cqTN1PGjNr57uz2TLh67fqxo0dLv1yKN9HIQfL8dO7S1a++GPZWjTc4rr3bJ7169x/wUdcunu7qvXdyqPzIkSPfeuutUqVK3c+WEGM8DA4YHDA48KAcMHwSD8oxo7zBgUfMAUmuJFqROk1qu1Oiq4d7tlw5f5sz29PX29vPx5Fgd3ZRQMJmt2bPnjVHzuyHDh3ixS4QQeSCZ/Pmy9v9k4+n/zZz9ry5G7Zs6tC5k7NL0rtb5MyJq1evEt2gCT0y8og7YFRncMDgwIvNAQNJvNjjb/T+GeCAvM4NH0NcTKyni1uAj2+fTz5r2eydmPBIfx9fd3cPohhubu6+vn6cBlGyZElIPnv2rMAC8IGHc2KZ0iXXrVu/ZNmKYoUKBXp7eLgmvU+WX3F1ZM+ePXXq1LIl5BnorkGCwQGDA/81Dhia5b82okZ/njsOSB4lMY4cOXKIp4EvgIb06dPfu9uCYlWrVl2+fDl5lLLJ8x+yH/j10qVLIAlyMw2HxHMnGAbBBgeeFw4YSOJ5GSmDzv8sB2Szhq+vL+BA7L2cNCVvn7+r24AD7gM1hg4dqgc4/o41AJF9+/blzJmTp4wtoP9ZATI6ZnDgaXPAQBJPewSM9l94DkjQAdeCxWKR7EsiEcAF9lzcG48gCEKBWrVqnThx4l8DFgARto++9NJLctSVASZeeFkzGGBw4LFwwEASj4WtRqUGB+6fA6AHMIGEM3hKgh2cJYWX4t5KxEtBBiVhC/Iu5ezLv2tr8+bNxYoV8/HxuX9ijJIGBwwOGBx4UA48ISQh/luII5OcLync104Fd/7Z7epVBeqFBU6JCdSnqnTw6bCztnNy2BNUyaTSD8qTvy4vafCqGe0tCY+m0qday7190Yfpn+nSdwGoobzzT/FE/j3xSySKcZGhST463Hn29ywIdABJcGaluCWgGVQRFxf3l7wUR0WlSpWuXLki7wK9q5gwgYsTuAMDA8WN8ZiuZ5+9j6njRrUGBwwO6Bx4QkhCPLccp4N2430BKbTEAiPwA6sTAK3a4TwJZnOcU6LDbrMobZxgt1hjucMZPFrRv12rPagECABCxQvxousftJJns7x0Sg4e4BJ7/HekUgC2i/GQT7uNRwBw2iOPjN8Pxip5GaYI1b04TyDgg9X4ZEvLO8RxS/j7+2vbNNygOW3atKRN/APlpErIazj+Eklwn+O3eYsHJ0k8vi0bckCWASaerLwYrRkceOY48ISQBP0mezwmJkZ/rUBKOIGhUrYKg+Fwc3e22uK3bt54+vjJ+JhYu9UWGxXN5569m4Z/PTgmNpyXIGouiUdj3OR9zWhMLrSnbrdS0otn5hkxunr+P3gi+WHMf0emrP4pSXnsnEuC2dUR7+Zsc0qwJTo5J/y9p/3x9Vt8RRs3bty1a9dda3Tub9iw4cKFC4+v9UdVs5xcKTJGnYQkTp069ZeYm5vwn0QK9nbK97tokHEMCwsjPsIJ3CkE7vfRMX3nyONr4j6oMIoYHDA48JQ58ISQBMujLl26cGTfsGHDUJQpzPwSJOGsAMLJEycaNWq4Y/vOHdt2tGvT7vWKlbZv33Hu7LlvRk//ZtRUu8OLk36IcNgJeSRbQOvL1uSLV82gJr1uUa2y7wRf7vI6kLlWu3ZtfMWTJk06cOCAs+ZVpnao0Z5SK7Okxdmd2rSapEotBnCncvmiaEigaRWa4QlW+/xptVpUWQe0J7nsFW2y7JNojTwqkQT1nHwHEKiuKpClAR6hSjqvnAZ8t9tw3jjs+FSEFBWPDwoKGjFiBI50hmbuvHkmk5nf+EFVdcfrkNxIgAVXrFjBaYm8oprFbs2aNV8qWnLkl19GRYYlKugmnFBNyylImET1BYeF9gcYBPeFzWbhvk17zRRfhGytuSTKdK7+WY/EUBI0hid91ypWPUskM/Hzzz+vX7/+qVOn6bEOJtQIOrv06//5J59+BqPlny4PilHCY+2f+q7R8xTCM1r35UgJADfAiO+8HJzoBgN0rwOMDgrmSJUq1V/OJhFFYh+8a4PBTT6CyQNAuhymWAlJDbGxsY/P7ZFi2owHDQ4YHHhiHHhCSILDfUeNGoX644WE9O3h9I6L1eqoUOH1DOmz9uk/4P1u3aZNn/5y2XLRcfEFChep9dYbLq5YBTvr5XhlF5W7W7SnRCjEXay76O98wcbxq5ZogUXnD61YchVcuXLl8uXL84Kljz/++JVXXtEK2ijvsFkJDIAA+KrVDyBQnnZqo3IxA9THSYXKmmvV3rmpjCpRhQQHpxeSOqfM/C8/TTt66LDFbDKbTJTmWVNcrM1iVpVQs03hAPW4ashhUV4B9YdmODgdMdHGGxo0vBAfF0trmHYwCAcSQWFkyM2mDerSFsUobbFasFvsD+zbty8W6+WXX27TurWXl4e7q6uKc9AfC6coiqUQeKAugBQGm7dGFS1adM2aNevWrRvx3Y9ffDOhd/8hWG27wwqFVptFoZpkyStUSBf5hV9joiPatGzO3xpe0pCThqKUHQdxqN7ZOVeJ3kKhnYQXZea1DBitO6oq2KLdV6xTXE1IkyZ106ZNNQOswgRms0lxC+SkarYvXbb8h7FjBXY4KyiqmqOAAjgK1Co8Bz00kQTVnjiWEGAtn9rB2OoLh0DIaRAaxvozlKZ1xBEZGYmzQQYluZTKHdmpcfTo0XLlygFNxHOgBt1iAQtSgC93jWzKNA4iRDgGQJOyx42nDA4YHPhvcOAJIQl0Hwll+MPJSE+hQyIZv0WZ3rhxA4XI6g0Xbs+ePZPUJetdUITFZDXF2c3xfOe+xCYkD0DS3QXK8B0jeu3q5Qunj7s6s+C1Ws1xYbeCYqIi7tLR8vYjdDdr8ejoaKW7qdoc6+aicjNcnOyeHi5YKZMpNiExxuaITEgwg0xQ6UrRO5GZ73B2MdscUXAAmkWtq5QLR0JsRGSCDcttd0l0jgoNG/HVV6Ghtzy9XN2V/odmk4+vJ4TRhCk2ii83r1+xW3lDUzw+ETd3Fyq32czct5njEmwmN2yj3WyJjfZ0c7aYYi1x0fzJP+cE69cjRuzYuRvsImkQEmLnkjU6y3rMt+qOw+KgHhf+G2+zmMTC6dF6WQFjOTBIEtqvWKlstmxZ58xZFB1lcXVxs1hjEmFIoo1GXZ3szomKcntirM0R5+xqc3VzadG81Ynjp+wWAiJwMN7VxeGcaHMGe9kt2HSH1eSSCGIgb5ZBjHNKoE4HNdC1BNVNi4NqnR3ShM0W7UiIcSSYEp3UsLKej4qKsNnicanwD6Ps5Gx3c3FK5e+TN1cOsnBdYDcIBohijlPssltoxZlMD0uczRLPdxrS/v1tmshjmvMikPA2ICAgNDQU8ywhJ2A3B12LAOtDICUpRnQDlJAcZOjkUaHkjuDYkFAUxUJCQlatWoU7beHChQAUGcqHn4yPiSdGtQYHDA48Rxx4QkiChQvaEAXHF7GjD8MjFCiL6T179jRp0uTs2TO8kiBnzuy43LHcPl5ezk6JW7dsLlG8OKu6b0eNFJU6YcKE6tWrN2zYkL3106dPJ12Dg32IVixYsOCdZu/Urdfg7Nlz+/YdePfdjiNGf1ujeq21q1fjl08gkTApgKAMqrz6GTCB3froo26VKlTcvGkzj6cKCGxUrz4poCjrho3eqVSpxvARX2OgMc+DBg3u26dPeEQ4XoZ27d5r16Zt2ddeXb5sMRbRZjXXrVu3Vq03P+z64aABAwkAvfnW26Gh4cO++rJbtx4LFswvV77CqFGj69auky5t+gZ16wFBPuzatUD+gi1btdLW4g7Ay8KF8xs2bFC58uuQgTc7zhTfs0fPmrVqsR5t0qhJzhy5p0yZCuUf9/h40pSfYmLjWrRohS0RfCBDEBwcjE3STJfrgb17Bw8cWL1qtcW/Ly5QoGCJ4iU2bdrETzrskAe5IMaE18ThiIoKu379CgVCQoIPHjzQ/t32/fsNqv127alTJuKU2b9vb+uWrYcMGfLhh11fefnVt2vX2b1n78XLV5s0aszLsr8cNqxm1RqnTp6sWKHimzVr7dqxQ6EWh+PK5SstmresUqVq7bfr7d65KzI8fMSXX9WsXmPF8hXVqlQb/tVws8Xa67Nenw/8sn6jd74aPoLXTCiR0kxmp86dixUv0f/zzxkL3CPz5s7u+N67n37SE/KmTZ1Sq3r1SRMnvV3rzTeqvPF+5y5R0dGAtWtXrlQsX+HA/gP6zqCHEc4UPCteB0FmDIcAC/AEwSPOlYqICIdIDZKqSJAAwW+++aZixYo8lXxokjcNzgZtgCQENHNm9ujRowHBQGdyOTls++TJk4LIU0Cw8YjBAYMDBgf+jwN/+q8f5ze1foyORut16tRJz1hMcYOs5vHu1qtXz98/IGvWLH37fXro8F6bDU+E48svvyQ2PHHiRFr56quveJkyFgV1mS5duoMHD3KzRYsWWbJkkY0kBQoUwKv/08+/NG7W4tzFS2XLlIkIvWWNi/h54rgcmTLfvBaET15FPLRUAxrt2LEjbglgBI//9ttvNDRgwIDDhw+TakDW/Zw5c7m/ZMlSX1//IYOHYsZwwLz++uvHjx8nCZ+4wOrVq2OiIqdOGe/l5bZ69e9jxnzTs0cPHoHCzp0784XEQFalnDgkzhK2+ZGLwK/Hjh0jt6548eJ0AQNAu5988gmLVLr54Ycf4h4gt47gC29k4Mu8efNI1nvvvfdol6wUvmNUIB7YBIqiMB2XFEXhP0TiLuJXygAOiN1A6vjx4/fu3QuviGJAjB5c1+y149133y1SpAghfHYtfvnlV95evp991otiAJcZM36LjzctXbY4fYY0QTcuRESEvPzyK1mzZv3555+bN2++f/9+jjeAfgrT1pw5c2i6R48eREkaN25MBzF+K1eupFFsfGhkxGe9ewEHbwbdmDZpcvq06apUqfLRRx8xxDAcXBhvtUWbLG3f7RgTF79u7Vp3N1fQ5JEjRz777DPQHgMES9m8ABvfeecdxI+FOBiUQZ86derAgQNhNbVBCR2Btq1bt6ZYIB/yQYl2MS5jxozZvn07g6iP0fr160eNHq18UPHxWrBMeV9++eUXBEMflHtbZ3zJ1kQ4pVrJIwEUwnC5A5979+5NVRLyMy6DAwYHDA48DAeekE8CDHHr1i2WRxgGWX49DKBD/RHRmD9//oDPh4aFRo39YWKnTp0PHdqXkGhjGYeGxfcg6OH8+fPYKhhEnmDBggXJmsSTgV+EXyVgDDh4p3nzX2dMx46ePHGseKHCDd6qNXnS+BuR4ScvnE10cWbzBymekCthFHkTEvRLIhvKmmrxQqOdb94MYo1Xo0a1okULLV6yKDY2GgOJScN98vvvv2PJsO413qrZ7/PB7HhYu25H0I1bcxfMw0ECCunatSt1gh4wfnIWoZhbnBYYPJjGCpUsjVy5ckEAbdEpmLBo0SLgApaY/gJoABwYRR6kX+PGjcuTJ0+ZMmXoFzRQGFPEF0wpVVG/HlyHFTzCfblJv2gFtpAMUaFChbsORqQAVUEwDWGSCXMMHTpszpx5Az4fRHBhyJChdWrXiTdFrF+/LjbGlCZ1Zh8f38DUvm+88Ub79u2xf+APyKhRo4aswmVoMPzgLUAAPhXugABotHv37l9+OWz/gQM0dPLUSXIRIyIiBg0aRLYN5cEEO3fuvHTmhIfD/Em3992JoxA+8/YBp4JCqlWrRq/lbZn0BY8LkkDN5LjQKAmzbdu2pRIwzZYtW7CpoMOZM2cCOB5GJh/+WfiPqEA2hl9qg9r8BQufOnd53oLf1agRnbHGL1+8EACER00fwXub5kGEnI7zhQcZpi+++AKAwljDGdgLWGTQBcE8POVGDQYHDA684Bx4QkgCLmMR5YQcOeI3aUMB6QKsjzW37f2PBI/jBEbz9uzZ7fCRw126dL51KwTnraub8r1LZjttYSrQlaQLqGwJ50RCIbv37ClV+mVW+WhhSZJXCRy8atHVadeuHQWLvbTvxJkffl0wbd7S0+fPvfraayzehSoFJ7RLkjP4gmODZ1ny0hDWl6q8vD3d1CsbXVu3aQ2COXz44Pp16zq+1wEbdvzYscIFC23dsmXZ8uWnzpw9ffbc0C++7P5xzxIlS/bq1Qt7j/MZyjF4aPaLFy/AIXIAPb2IgtsAXWLp+QnboOxi+nR0QaX6u7pVqFC+ffvWrDW3bdu2ceP63Hly4K1xdnIFJ2FLoBZu4HWgMJUQQBEoQI90O4Rp5+Ip7ksOJh4UHsek0SjgBhOuZ8jylASqChUqxBBgnKKjw96uXd3H142UjnoN3urT99P69RtmzJiJUQ0KuqVlajqzMUTYSIUMCqma1EA9PM6nygfRslgk8A+1fGnRonnDBg07d+zEovylkiUhBucKXOJBru+//x7wUbFc+dYtW4QG3+IOKMFiZcmuohxUQlt0VlIKwD3ABSVyWjJjcHAIn54entWr1wgKuuHvF6BExplfZdvwU9i8IbTJ+CJR586dk5RJ6MyUOeOnvXv9On1mx45dpk+f2aZ12zFjx+NqAnjpg3LvxNESIxy5cuXkS1DQdcmcZRTwAzHEtAXupBWBj/c/74ySBgcMDhgc+EsOPCEkgSJDS2IPMD+SJ0HQwKry/G26in+gEcIJr3InnRx58+YcOXIUYfXt23eR4o+KlAUZn7K28/PxPHHscMN69d7v3KlH9+4sQPkJNIAOFcXKXgNnF7bve12+eNbL3TlnlnT5c2TzcnK5fP6Cp7u7llWvUia4WNvJgp762flGpzDPyix5eiql7OSamODs6uLevt27mTJlHjr0y/PnztepUwcrlSog4NrVqxcvXAzw8Q/ES5E9y87tW/y8vVcsXbp27VqqZZXMF8lI8PbyMZuBPq4Wsy3APw37CmARRpefaAi/AnmFQA3uR0XFnD5zvEy5UoGBAYULF3b3cLt166bmcVHbLyBYTl/mKcims5JzKvZVRxJYaC5t44PahYjRBfPhfaFHEpNi/aqvXHkKIsWjQz2Mqaent7s7fPIiuP9GlWp58uRbs3p9saIlcNwAOdQ2TCflTuARsWEABbogJxoRqeELDdE0aEb2NEI/UfyyZcqWL1O2WdOmIA8AhG+APxs25NQmSVjBzTN/8dLjZy+269AlODiUOtnvISZTOiieJx1YiMsHAlIFpAKBeXh4kgXi4e7JCFKGeNXTtajCfDwogD9GSgmdhondXVwL5sqxaMG8lq3aWuzOHbv23LBpC8J/l6/orrmjEoIdLmfOXFowf8mpk2dJ/oUVOM/krCpAZ8uWLT/44IN/ruSB5qNR2OCAwYEXmQNPCEmgFlGUego6uputCpfOXZgwdmxMRCS7CNQhEfd9URUK8Y8//rCbY/H3ujgnBAamrvFmHauTMjO0Ii5cCaPEWhL3HToeERWdO2f22MiQfds2884CluC0hnrF3pCnidoluc9mtTdv3mzT5rWnTh/p06cPZwjq+Wji+RefCp/UjDHTl5LKDaAVULmIzs6YxmbNmpFn0LxVSzYbsPWwVbt2PgF+Hbt03rFtza2gq++17uDn6bty6SJTXCj6HX8+BluS7DABadJ7Xrh0nB2d5BJYrHYPTxWtoFqsO4ZQ7fhISAwI8Cehv0bNGuvWbejevcfhI3s3btzQr+/gnDny031Hghk0wFOS4iBmG3MO2oBybHny5aygCuCCtAJDpADfJQAkbJTBoTa+AyD4Lim0OiKBMPI8iInQfRhCXyhGDeA5OKnXQEOQQWEucRqJYAB3aJfvJHNgSoluYPaId2A1Ce4IFpHADV+GDx9OgIO0CbIKeIocUlbYuCXII6EhitELycuhQjCKBKQERcXERgJACYRt2rKhZq2qLm6ARNvGjesio7XTzNS/B3CP3bfM/ktB4Q9uA17NBQeSuQoS2U8T6O9bpXLZzh3bV65Qzo09snfezfH3lRIoyVG0SFGCSJUqkZiphBYmkA5CPI4jtEnIeO2115KP7KPqiFGPwQGDAy8gB54QkrBabEeOHMNW7tmzj4RFOQOBlIX+/fvj82f19Q9B33tHBT3LGrRdu3ZvvfX2tKk/kcz/3bffduzUgeMKQiNjMN2btu5gz2XQrWAnV48de/bXrt8wQ5Ycjd9p1bZ9Z9/AtKxxWZChW7FPrM/I/SNZz8/Xd9asWTt37m7cuNkrr1bEeY7lFuggFxSSiICRIyOS1S1GDkXMJj2MpWQt3AwKUsmZ7D50durU7cNEL7fadWqzimbzR85cOcf++GNcfFzDRi3y5stfsvRL5StWsNrstd5seOToyeXLV5cq9SqLcJbK6dJlIueDhMq4+GiCNXv2bOdccIwl5hN3C22xXk90cjl37hIs7d6te+ZM2X/9ZW716nVq167DVlgIUEdXJCZCmB7IOHTokGSNkFtAGgE5ieJjkOMuCMTw5+XLl4mY0Avq5yYeF4X2XF3YDCLnbInb38NdOSoASZTHeItdF/5gqDJmzMigcOAE0RYY9f7775OIQJ0wWSCIhtucsPcdOnSaM3vu8eMnAX6RkVFi5ukm0IdesDQnBQSzCtTAUcFAnDlzBhoAB1IPSKVRo0bIDw2BSMjDkJsQQA1wCeIBEJJOyFPi7VB+CycndvFAPAdfLlq4EEQCxy5fudzsneaTJ0+Rg8+evBbQMSjyRtos3ddpgBpGAVzn4enJVh1iZzoKTIY27ibZzc3Fw9O1SdN67zRvxFZhV2TQyQnm58uXb/bs2f369QOviHfnHyp58nwwWjQ4YHDgOeXAn5l3j7UDN2/cOn3mNIgBe+Pv58dCnKMF0PVYgrJly5K0r/IVPD3vkwYKk5qO2cAtgY1hHcwCi7AFVvDqzWDNp02QODcRAdni+MYbLF53nDl9tmat6n5+ARvWrGDLBjVAADviOGaKpAeaxtiQI4mdQ5uzNUD8KEIS0RD2HZD9x3eWvDTNmpjYAWmkJDbikQZbkMpYvkLFTFmzcBQURyJs2LKxTqWqoqzFR0KLS5cuJesQy4fPAGovXb6yfsNm0hJ79uzu6+fv7uayZvUfN29cI6UDMjDtkMSCnogDtlByAzHkt27dhpNkKhQqWJDtrN+PGVOsWNGKFStQM2XIQsArADNZyuO5gXKCFwAjwMHy5cupgR0Z9EKMt+wG5Cn4gA3GcoMSJDORw8SOnziOm6Vo4SJvVKmiznRKdAoJDVm/YT00YJawf7TI7hixbdwk/XPGjBncpAmyIzH2cIb71Ex65quvvkqjIDCy//LlK1i+XLnzFy7ERMfQjTRp01y5cgkogBFlVwLMxE+DvwEnPJRDHstomgNqNGjQALazd5fuMCKwhaRUMAcnJYBdGGsSCOgUjhC+0yIoCiQBFuGMJrZEcrNbt25USBPACFgEr/iTBEayNbWNxM/uJR4gw/w/uyNkUGZw4EXlwBNCEqTSw2EWthgkLs15rmIQ4n9OHs++n4GgvPgwMHgSfadOucP/lc1TJxlqSYWYP7WNU0XN/1x+yUtE77ywQBy/PCvLa6lTfP46kuC73FErdc1wUpukNcj6XtIGAUrqcdz+cv6xFiPgviQziiUQainPsxz8SCKB+hPntkYfHzjiJSlSCFYJGtqxAXq8RvVV46Q0rRFGMgSZCkmHIQo3BCsIeymmoh4awXp0XPBN8lWp8FARpp2cYbXbSIxkxwAgiWwPWMoBkyyRpUKhRyoU7gmL5L7UIx1R2YN3Eh75iZueHl50T4aG5+EDzhvdRgrT1GjKmGoDIRzWfVeUEc5wBzQgsiTjKGOkZ4RItdwEVAGYSLCQFTkFJLaiFxCXybN5CSelg4Yj4dkcI4MqgwMvLAeeEJKQVyWgAuUkYuyXvldD1OIDKUfdnMgXzIZucjQjqr95QWWw69ZF+0kZJgy3bm/EFsrwSyVihvXvyQlTWEGzmskJ0Av8n0lWr5JQoOYe2lTN+iJeZYbeoRY77Oqi2Qmt/uTV6hBByNO4p455lndniDnEjut+b+1XdemMFQyhky33xd7r9Eijcl9v3QF56g/1TxVW3Et68K6BS165VCWRCN3+6fhDK6moV4eA0pmk3RJJmTJClU6/PrI6gBOgIERKYb0JHcpIv/ReSCUkXuBAIoZF/IWfdLyoj9GdwVVnc589ffripUtgjQzp08fEEFVRGazZcmS7dvV6vrx5OPM7MDAVh3MBYjiz/OaNGwH+/sCvq1eulnq5tMVs9vMjRdQJ7kVHRfFnQGDqVP5+t28rr1JsXCynlOBZCQsP93Jzvn79mo+vL+TmzJXLarYdO3qqRMkSVmscu5pMphhPL18/n7Rx8Saib9eDgmixUNHCCc4JQdevZ8iYUZ2fymGkkdcz5igcEhKXxs8nKvSSlQiIGy/uyoIrCP/Z3j17SExB6Dh8hdGASBwzdJ/zWBXYYhMNjjdnZ7qQLVs2OaqLRCJ8NuFhwf7eOGwiXV090qVPC0mW+Lg06dLfunEzIE1qFzdXjjN3d/cF+oaFhfv5+RI8IoGababxsbE+viqHl7ihn3+Axc7rf204xuLiYm/dvAUBZBxHR0alTZ+eTF3OdfH18YmKUjmzeI/YR+Xl5Q1MJqinXGteXhFhYRyn4eXtT2azj48nOdHhEaEWc2xg2sxu7l5Qi/8NrxJOuIuXLqZKpV6hniNHdlYonOjl7uLJqabkH7s4JYRFhmXMkD4ygkxhV86Szw63QZ/OLuxUgjaRRwjIlTXLmRNH6CaBPCdXUKaLl48PSJ/scHoUkCoVn+fOX8yZO4e3l/fVq1dy5c6DrAVdDwrw9XNzdUGgEV4fby82P6l1iLubr58vgxRy45ZPmvT4wHRZfWFNjtHx/yQHnhCS+E/yzujUc8QBgjicKUIsjJTPTz/9FEP+dx4I9a6WxMTuPXp6eXreuHkzU8aMwSHBqVIFYIAJmnDKFiEtN2cnT3dMqTUqMsrP39di4TWqLoAJL28v9cISziuPjQ2JUGiDXGDZZ5s7d56w26Fp0qWJjI6+HRxsslmxXRwTjh2iFJYvb758YaFhLi5sAuKdWNFRMeE5c+WIi42/evlmdu0F4pEREenTpzt/8VJAYBrs8fXrQYUKF+LmxbNHUmXMlT5j7gC3hAtn9+cqUoxXlISFhBIzioiMTJ82bbzZ7O/rLwdcYjLJIyGgVqRwITaIUiB1YGA0O3FAWrdvgyEAW+SREDbCstJfdg+dOnGmUJFCNnscrIvkTNPg0Azp0nq7e3JU+5EzJ4Nu3shfoIA6OMtqpdc1q1dT7iunhDVr1lasWJ5NxZev38yRPccfa/+oXKkybzyhBk9X19jYuLx58ih6nJxwFMXHRHp5eQbduOHt5XXw0KHXypThKJew0PBUqfwuXrxEgI8j4kiv8vUmWSQxQ/o0gKV4i83F1RNYFnw7OE+eXKFh4fQCWAQeYtM1gTNSgrJnzgwgMJniiUsGBAacPHmiYIGC8ta3dGnTgMOBEcQZfby9bWQXATo4xSsktEihgjZ7wrwFC9+sXed2cEhMZEThArmANZT39fFlx9nKVSuz5ch16/ZNArXp0mUICbmZM3uuNIGpA1IF8DoXNm+HhoRmzJD5SlBQnNVMfhIuSncnF3dPN7bvyovjn6OJY5BqcOB+OGAgifvhklHmueeABJX0EBW2RHag3HupMI3mNlMHVGjhIVax+GK4g4sC5xpfOMrjTmamNoM0n4f6VZ23kRTG4jh0dQqIinmp/wE7vF08MGKu7q4mq1UFdkhB1aJ7hFnwFhAUowbq0TwuKj6mecsSzSYr8TeqxdrRBdbG7ESBJC04wxllHq6J9jgnT1cO5rBavHjLu7MHb1fxcHO12+yYZ/HNqPfCJjnalE8OuOPt7SOhI/FpmcwWDlZRnh4CQzaaoAUXqMBTZjVbff081TGvNivLbnc6z1tq7LjQnC02B38luaASHGyvpT6e5Q5nsVCHuqP5h/Cd3IlsKn+kFshT4SqKeUMkHjXtoHQJS/IGVzUAiun0l3fOYYdd2QMFO1zUb+px5Y1ydsKvAK/UiTAE7zSHGa3HxZshkcq9vFRZGjKZePUdx5m40yHGQnPRJcX1qB/eqtNEnFQQDQ5wqJm3j4/VlhimwUQ2AvEOHMrjcJFtxoAO9ZJhNoFrb0cDR7ILnPp0l6diIy25JMbZ7OosOMbaRsxUHG1qc9lzP52MDhgc+H8OGEjCkIgXggN6uomYveRRrbv7n/Q69KQojxaYw64BHbAO2h4WLRNHAQjN7mF6tRq0G1rISTkbsCua1ZEEGMyVMmPsMFXhHq0cF+eUaFEwPcCkxauEHBUHVE1pgSWJB0mISgu+KZLoAghDPW53AE+466rePZaIiceq3WlJ5dNQhj09Gp5QRGEIVXaIk7L3gi4UVZLgor1qVhlU/lTkqTekYkU1CjDlSaRpBPIitURXZ85QSYpGyU31+lkJEWqpPFon/rwEh9FJ9QWkcifrSMEqrbBccFviaOq7qoofgDiKXaATLQUqKSWK1uG/elxFyZKipPyoABzdcbKB+rRK+BRSFPcoJyEtRYzGAgnGaeEt6biiQbujcp4UDQKI+JUH9QwecJYGPrQCmmTcCY8KJJLYm+wIkqcUrkkSmBdi3hmdfEE4YCCJF2SgjW4aHDA4YHDA4IDBgcfCgSd0nsRjod2o1OCAwQGDAwYHDA4YHHjaHDCQxNMeAaN9gwMGBwwOGBwwOPA8c8BAEs/z6Bm0GxwwOGBwwOCAwYGnzQEDSTztETDaNzhgcMDggMEBgwPPMwcMJPE8j55Bu8EBgwMGBwwOGBx42hwwkMTTHgGjfYMDBgcMDhgcMDjwPHPAQBLP8+gZtBscMDhgcMDggMGBp80BA0k87REw2jc4YHDA4IDBAYMDzzMHDCTxPI+eQbvBAYMDBgcMDhgceNocMJDE0x4Bo32DAwYHDA4YHDA48DxzwEASj3701CugtOvRV23UaHDA4IDBAYMDzxsHxBxoL2f5b14Gknj044rQREVFPfp6jRoNDhgcMDhgcOA55ID26j4DSTyHI/cUSQZ4BgQE/Ifh51PkrdG0wQGDAwYHnkcOsMK02WzPI+X3Q7PxLtD74ZJRxuCAwQGDAwYHnm8OYMvtdrt63XwCr513uLq6uru7y6vexWdgXCnmgBHdSDHrjAcNDhgcMDhgcOC54YBksC1btmzkyJGVKlXasGEDd0AS/2FXwRMbGwNJPDFWGw0ZHDA4YHDA4MBT4wCOB/wQgYGBJ0+ePH369JAhQ3bs2AG2cHNze2o0/VcafkLRDaAfHBPPEmMJDOQzxTxk7JEJ2R9BVdR5pyo8VIm0gmQ8WuEQMEsrgmEhnkbFSybOMSHjrk5BiZ5ow4MUwJn2oL2WdvUuS6N8UjN1il9OWuGm8Fna4ovMHGkR3M2fcl9qc0p0VpnEiYlubnfG4ol7+GQ1IJRL12CRLicPxCuGwG53OLvQL+1S8mZzcU6SN+H84/Nhir9UxkJSZPjkpqurm8OhxF71hTuJThq3kRmIYSCSCovQilDJsyLhWqeUFN0ZR8qrm2oQNZGjDTdX9aA2rBoHqNmF8oqZ984yahOuyk86tTI9ecTDw+PxcemBBtQobHDgMXGAqXr06NHmzZuHhYX98MMPDRs29PLykulgCH/KeO4KLkvZkw/0VExMzJ49ew4cOHDw4MFMmTJ5eno+jKVHk4pF37N31569u0NCb+XInu3Gjev+AT7bt+1cv349Wyfy5s37QBT+c2E0bGhoaEhIyI0bN8LDw6FfJC8iIuL27duxsbHIn7e3911SiGpGUuny/PnzK1asqBvyByJMzKLgBhiYNm1aWhcbEx0dffjw4TRp0mAmdYhA5dz08fGBHjHS0pzZbKYG6JebVqvV1RV742xPwIa5OoEhFIx40lDCZDJBlQA1ARA6c5J/v0+OJSaYb9+8Ghke5rDa3d08HDa7j6/P8ePHFy5c+OqrrwpSeUyagmwqIERcfEzQjWsmc5y3t5fZFOfmDuLEQlvsNuuChfPPnDuav0BuhNfVxc3ZiZ66MILx8fGQhDiJ4RfyxMBr3xNvBwfFx8f6+nkDkZycE1zVPYdTYkJMZERsdJSfn49CleAnZydHgsNsMcXGxXh4AJsUary3szD55s2bNCFSJAVoCxlGQpKjmfvkuVHM4MBzxwEkP2PGjCCJWbNmbd++/ZVXXsmRI4do2hSoneeu+4+FYGHf475GjBghfgIs3FtvvYUZe5gWxfZMmTKlVKkSkyb/ULderfQZU3fo2DboxsWvvvqqWLFiP/3008PUf++z6N+lS5emSpUKjZ89e/aLFy9yh/X05cuXq1WrhiH/8ssv7+0UBRYtWlSjRo2yZctCMFYzZVRRz+bNmz/88EPWi9evX4+Li2MmREZG5suX7+WXX/b19d26dat4aCiJSejQoQOE0SJE6i1Cc9euXbNkyaJjuEyZM27cuDYhgbGwaf/+LJwyOlPw1PLlyytXrgxX6QV2FHvPEkFQxf3XJrASQ7hk0XQ/T5dAH7dU3p5tm7WYOm4y7CpZsiR8E+YLAnscl81uunL1bK7cWQsVzps7b/YuH3SoWeuNy1fOWKzRV66cLVmqhLuHC31MnSbVR90+iI0NsdojjhzbJpOiTp06jC+0WSwWnTYZ0L179+TOm83Lx71Rk/o3b1622WPt1tgEW9yvU370cXMumi/X+pWLEx08pUYwLi7qnXcae3l5lChRjI7/JQ/79OmD2Pj7+//yyy/iR0FmkKXq1asj2Hny5AEuPw7+GHUaHHh2OICuRosi+RMmTEifPn2BAgVYKMp65tkh8vmiJMkT/JiIZsC4WJe3bdt25cqVLM27d++O2QBYPEyLqEhsJzstiXKhfDESw4cPb9euHW1FRETmyZN32LBh3OdSwmFlaWq3JiaYNNufaHVgcvgin1xWi/qHW1iZXqVXzRZLvGhYHRyIkaZa9P6KFStkfc8dmpg2bRrOMamQ8ty3WlW1AjUoQGfLlSvH0lP7U/uRX+zqO//sNlaSidpngiLDluCwkwEENRh4B/+zq9IKSbRs2RLIgndHuPrrr7+Co5kAJUqUADpwRxoFYE2ePPle9kqBChUqNGrUCKqwNE2aNKEGvHzc12AH/Y1nAc0FPTjRuW2z2qHKZnVwh++s9R10Eeow9vAkUX2VbgpDpOdmWAgrACnCB4vJbjVHhod8M3IE362mOJ08fv39999xn/z8888wcPz48YhHjx49TBYz7fDPDFU0xHcoUNBIcYPBEiaKLRS2jxkzBqVw5MgR/ty3b9+bb775448/UmD16tWMGsZSOCBckq8iJFRJ05CsjbIinpImxEO1Js3ZkTHtLx608ilKh5901UOBIkWKIOdS59ixY8ENt27doswbb7wBemZcZs6YO3fO74UKFY2ICN23f0fZci+jyPr160f3GzRoIBUKZ4ROBjdbtmxA2AsXLhQtWhTxoxUECS9XwYIFGcFDhw4xgnt27rKaLfCmU6dOrdu2jYqLmTJ1Ksss5p3OZ9Ujk2n//v346vjELZE7d+6NGzfSCir1gw8+aNasGWTjvAHYQbZ082EmqfHsc80BNbESmNRqnsyY8dsnn/Q+d/bC/fdIljEyF2QGyVSV+0kXiyuz+R/ETFRKkmJRWoU5mlTbvU/JrBRtoLcgU/4fyI6LNb36atlChQotWDCfqU8j999Ho2RyDjzejEvx56O5sPS1atWqW7cu2rB48eJY34dxsCCUf/zxB0KDh0NCyNiezJkz0zFvH7f0GVI7uyC1lrCw2wQ+Ep1tbi4Jrnaru91iNcVGxoUT+6Ak3l1q4DuyjZbFYidircxx165cuHzpvEhqck8Xf77//vt+fn49e/aEeJ6laRwA2IxJkyZpU8Xm7OKIjg6/dfsanwmJyu8CbdgDWpHwhLNTvJPd5uxwtsVbnQE19hj81US3+bSBdpwciU7WRGcTZQlkOyW64LJ2cXWhHrBI1apVsYjMJcnSIIhTqlQp6CFaROSIOQNVly5d4n6bNm3uZa94zrHTWA4ex7n36aefYlHmzZunwu3KellCQm9abfEEAVxcEzHWeCnCI0KtNvPt4BvQ5uJKJN5kiQ+1m6MTbGaecSXTgoIOS2jY7YiIEGdnOmJ3WOJcnR2JNjPMdE4keKIsNPUjA5cuXVbCh5c+2UWPKMBwQOF7773HrAYk3bpxw9XJrv4l2q9fPm+Ki6Q5J4eTS6ITTSfYYx32aCeNwxILoJK5c+eytsBAUht299tvvwV48R0LyhcKwCLGi3wA/iUmwi47GTt8mmPNrgR8INVhdtiirKYIuyU+NjIs0W6Bfhcn5MMsXWCUhVcCQ5PHDsAu+IEYIxHILl261KtXj6EPDg7euXMnhPGgh5etYaMaH3Tt6ObmbTW7rV65+d133/3iiy/KlCnDs9CGhAhjqAFqqYRhAhIBF9555x3AFtE0ZKBv3754wjJkyAB2wd317Xff0ShBHJA6j3i4e4KqaXrVqlU6m0WYQQw1a9bEaUeMDNAD0uImMjB79mxkhjJ4Js6ePcv0TJ4/8TBT1Xj2OeWASqNKUD68c+fOnT1zpkTx4mnSprn/viBLPHvmzBlQr4TPxMemvrAGMFmuXbp89vjJkBu3XBL/KaKaJIcJiRHBobeDbmxcu3739h1hwaFahtf/XTIZmewsMjEH+F/xTAOm/5lmd3e3wYMGAp2/+GIYazl9At5/T42SwoHHiyRoAOlhTYa1Y5BQ6FgytCqh/YcZANQfdVLh66+/fuzYMdQu7uvWrVurdDXnBF8/H5aOQ4YOzF8gf+XKleItsYkOW/StW2+/UTVd6rRZsmXGhYAlwK/+ySefvPTSS0OHDM6QLs3A/n0JNA/+vP/bNd98uWTpgQMHJrcTImEk/dIK7l+srxhmRJBVY+rUqfkVr/K4cT/UrFUDA1+2fJlly5ZADg2lS5eOsAhTiElVpECBQf37uCS6rF31R5WK5Xt/9ikYGhixd++ud99rly592tfKvnQr+Dz2+I61VZZXjBN9xJKxtoYY/hS/CL8Cp3BWY2CwPb169cI8/GUqgNSDI4ex4AvjgjODL6x3ZeXd85OPXypZOlfuPHPn/RYTGzlr9kzsHJ8dO71XrFjRy5cv3Lod9NUXg3Nmy5EtS9Yt69fjL3FOcD5/7uybb72ZK1euJs2amEyxYWHB0yZPLF2ixK2gq00bNsyZJdPc32bQ1rvt3/3++x82bdrUvl275CfGKvDn7c0nqdTSTdjFsjssLJThOHnscPOmTYoXKTZs8GDnhMSQm8ED+/br+9mnN69dKJw/16ZNGyQVQMYC5zzmvH379nwHl7D4JlZCv+AMrMMGYzuBm6NGfw1O4t+27ZsrVa7o5eNboUy5IwcOWUzxh/Zsb9Oy+by5s2q/+WbZV14NunLRYo77qEunUiWKE0UiSUVyC/r37//RRx8JytRZLXk5oEy2ltEdGiUDiU+gHo2Cjei7s5NHYqL7e+929PR0f/nll7x93AXOSjzu3uQhvCkyytRMBASTD4BmsHbt2gVgkhUYKGTZ0qXRUVGLFi5CALJkzQqF0AYgW7NmTXIkQXjrypUrCLzcRGZwdFH/7t274VL+/PmZnsgSIIwAE8DLCBg/jI76bzyLJQaVlilbtkyZsv5+/g/UKWblnDlzPv/8c1SWyBKfJJktnDO3QZ06NapU/bRnz7kzf9uzfcffVYt4k0i0bds2JLxrly7VXq/SukXzoQMHTZ82TaUu///FpAMEjxs3Dgctc43FG4AY/zHT4R/IRhe9UbUqk/fChfPHTxx/mH0AD8Sc/17hx4sk0KSoJzn9AzESHwAuim7duj0MKxGO1157Dbewq5Nb3bfrffrxJxfOnMubO6eDhbKLj7ur97Sp08uXe2P+vN8vX7o+/ZcZNofrsNHj7R6prt+6tXf3bkwCFypVJBuDWLthMw/fwPGTfnby9D125uyOvftwlROOkSUvl3SETxAMrbMjGSNiMpk//PAj0nYwZ8CIs2cv9ek9cM7shTdvhLz2SoUfx03BzEguJICDp3A4v/RKpbNXghLcEuo2rZ89b+FLV0NYqYYEh3fq9MG4sRNCgsN8vNK92/bTBIe7WrirLEjl1KFdRJw1K5+gFu5gTjAt7GXCdmJdKlR6PcHZZcwPYzEwAX4+ptgosDl2BXug81lCANeuXWO1CjFUhcEAWODt4Hvv3r2zZsl54dzV/n0HD/j8y1079/v5plq7dt0vP89wcXbHxUj44qMPP/ZInePkzcj3un3WvvMHmzeuNsXcbvlOq59/mnnj+u3AgAzvvPPutSshpy9ev3Iz+KNP+tZu1PTlcpV/mDjNnuD07ZgfypQrX6BwkR6ffObi5qFTpcCftsrHhkEeeIKIFVgnd+68G9Ztr1ajXr9BX61cv/G7CT/1HTLk6u3rG3duX7J63ZDh47LkLL523RZxlvKJGR40aFC+PHlWL1/RqF7d9X+sckq0FC2SlyGAe9hLlimNGzcuXbr0+B+nXrsaHBEe/+kn/Tt3+jDkdmiZ18s3bd38VmhknN1jxR/bv/lhit3F7UZYeLQ54d0OH1Z/u+H2fQcrv1Gl+4cfRQbjqEjYsWd3rObXEaAsfUmdPmOn9z+MjY17r22bAZ92v3HhGDkHXOAkcmiAMgQpdu7chc1GJNSROB7u3GRQEEXIQ5dRVXIIiCeDP/E6AL4FYPEn/iSiUXQZ2EQ99BqQ6uTqEmc2HT95gvtZMmb0cHVlbcV9yayUixpAwMw+kA3tSoW0Tm3IOX/mzJlTilEJxdS8uOMgeZipajz7fHFAnAdaTCExPt46cOAQ/AovvVQ8b76cuCTvuu6UdABtiYvpqJdi1INeoh6iZizA1HpI06V4cAcP/zpjjpz9hn7R/bNeE37+5dP+nzPrxWMh9VOSac3n4UNHx4+f8vHHfT7q8Zm7n3/33n2GjfrGM1XgsNHfEJKUwvIgDe3eu2/4yNETJk3p/H7X/YcOzZo7d9HvvzPpwCL/MAR0Clg/YMAANt7t3IFn13hZUkoFVsb4cV8Sk0Zz4eIeNWoU3x+mRQmeIbhr164vXqJUqsDUBMinTJ1kMsfSBGEUxJcvFMA9MOq774ghr9mwdvOOrafOnWvepg2rsZkzZ1Jg4sSJrBcRNULxxOVZo1eqVKFnz+6tWjXPmjUreQmy6E9+oWdZQaLcr169uHnLBr6cP3/OYccPSPZ7zKjRI8LCby9ZurBJ04YVK5WTLpMagjOZdTbf8bmRpiD0k6aAqxl8MHjwYMLe2LkWLVqwxQPzwFJAT9HQWyd5k58khk3XIBu3CotgoHdEdPTEyVM7duqMDZg6aeJLRQtjMvGHsxDXHwdbcBFgAm0QUCcPETsHB6gNtwTWBdf3d999h5eb79zHaEEV5pm2+A7Mp7O3gkPI5QgJC2MQTfGx330zumCBvB/3/Ojd99q88mppUFNQ0GXW35hPovh0k7ALNJ8/fx5W0DWcHHdFLtECS5YsAUYA7AgHMI54fdhgQg/rVK9a/82avT/pMWzowDJlXvH1VXXiDCBpVFJShA8SE5UFuslk6dbtEx8fv1SBgbly59y9ZwfsRc1hdE+cOEF5vtM7TCysYCy4iS+URQzYBX5SALYMHjyUvJD4eDPN5ciZfcwPo78cPrTnZ5/6eHqtXLzUarJExcaGhofLIOrshS2xJvO8+Qvfrl3Hz9cnW5bMBI9kQwR9pyEyIcBtuBDQmwKAuIALpFBwn7CC5EboFeJsg3X4zyTGzBDQi++//37v3r18QYClkhkzZsBt3F2ctAN6QMwklszo45LRa6NrjCB9Z5lIbTxLKISJQG1k8vIF6CD3iZtAj5iBh5mkxrPPIwcQABFs5IH5iOLCxymSKbGJ5JfcRwhRTSgEfA96+gLyJmlYaCSpUKSLOocMGWYmVyrezL+TJ8+MHz+JfB2Zv1K5VlJ5SffuPTBl8i8D+n8REx1Pkhb/yJWq8nq1EsVLMeP1wrSFXy0nmck5cu/as4+ZaLErlczEY6b/s62R9RWTC0OAQrhX6z6Pg/hUaH68Pgm9S6yucUP//NO0kODbXT94nzW2/ITkCa7k+/1jIQojIgx/pcqV9u7fO3fe3IyZM3Xv8fH5ixepBC8u+prVleQTRAdHuCcmvFqiyLzp06eOm/Dhux8iLrIox2CDl9HXOPvJKiQiOGLE14MGDx4/fgLfcZTdSxJN41ChhunTf12zZuWgQQNy5syFTwLyCfT7+/vVfrv+1atXfX38CbqJG4Z4NjYY7c+akhZlqceneN0hg7YAMXgICITjkYZ+kvV037Jwhk8K80X8E/yK9SWCTjonNuP6tWv79+374YcxNDF4yJAPPvwQtx54nO2gehcggBpgGqn7dA0bhkkDUkAJGZr89PXXX/MnFZ46dQoUJSYfEytraAoDQTzdSOGwpE7l9/HHPRJd3A4fP5k9R76eH/f5vN/QjRu2XLx4LV3aLOIIgUKYLKwOCEilRRy8AvwDUCnJ0yT4lcUxDdWvXx/bhvGGCdwh/LD32KlXK1Zu/e57b9VvOOzrb/YdPAzOgIEEGoQDMsS0JcEaKuHW16NGHjh4qFq1muGRMe91eB/OQwMFwB8UljerYd3pFMgJXEvOIw9SjIti4Ils2TI5u9g8PFwwvfhjSpfEt1u5SePGs2bPrvh6ZaK6Xl6egalSSdP6Qor4Cic8ABcWLvp93MRpvqnSg6jYSSROFzAZGA43EtqWkJx4C3gWY49px9HFcBBr0JdZDIq4oBgXkQSI1LrpSJs6tRuxGZXrkQAxpIBmSJ8elS2hQ0pKMgc1ACxE2GhI9Cn3ZUQEe1Enwsmz3MFXIfeRK4SEcNX9z8dntqRubJ5ZCpMThhJkRaxgI/ohkTxsPPh3a0VZgiMGYnG1T5WdnUBWE8sZvH88/ACq9K8ZgxgQlSBOx74zdILuOLyrNPIJDehD0psQGLQWTQvPT5w4uX79hmbN3kGukqsygmjp0qZhj7PsWsqcOVOxokXRfnfVjKhzkaTMpGjbro23NypapUHcunWbZcnUaVN0JMFN9C0LKm8vz/379pQqVVLphjubqBHvvwz16s0JbUwclo74a1Nw3s9zIVpPgMjHiyTEZGp60LJ1y+ZFC+YPHTLI08OdlH/RZbK4FE13/71FUlma4wb3IODg7FSjWrW5s+fYrfbdO/agHHH8Ag4Eo1At2Zcg1HFjf7xx4+ZXw78uUqQwv6IuaVrMD8Vc3VzjTWxbsDMBUgWk9vdXdoJFoRB/18W0wZcwe/aCzZt2fvDBh0oW1VlATjdu3hw4YOjIkaM/6NIjXboM3l5eNCE6nUUelUOM4AlxA2IkmHvcpy12ZJBbJ9aRaJ8o/bvalUAJ5kGCJnpIj77MmzOnVcvmwHiYGR4ZVerlV7lJJcwNvRJaxIxhqvkijnGpRCwofOBZ7oDNWeNicSlAeUiVWU2FIJ4TJ466uKkDEoJDbm/YuCFVYMCNm9ezZcuSK3cOzjBglKNjorBDVIs7RFzlahTMag/HxYuXbweH0GsUoE4VRAYFBaFTcAZQXg+HkWfq7ul+8fypgnmzlyiUr0rlStAHkZSBTvggVAmuohI6NXr06JjoSLJC8+XJPWfWb0MGDL5w7gKwTOImsjqRMz+ggVNA2KSAywrgwmqePyXPnMLwBgYTf6Da27dvFiiYv3y5Mi+XKl25yuvXbgSpkJMCQ2p7BfKj66noqOgpkyab4uI5JapFsyY/T53MoBN+ogyyCh/gbe3atdetW4c7hF3skCSKGH8A+To0Dd+4qU8EPEY0gd6kv8wVosXQlj17Di8PT5oIiwynbZPFsmvHzqhItezDlwP44HERfnbJo8TpgswvOi5bkSW2Bdns++CT4UaiKA9/+BPayNyEcoJouoDd/8R8Nkv+sy15dmhGslBViHI827y1L/dmAyD5jDW+TpxPjBrjFRcbc+TQQdYSyJ4zGdBKNlMOJUQV4KgDRtAWawxRO3LdxSsIYOKwaGEGgZKV1lJTHjya8OsvM1DtH33YTX+WminAymTxkt+Z3ShMF1fnVKn8X33tZTwf/1+/Akkkj7O0QIazZMkMJ+jyH3+sGzRo8PgJ45m22qluSZEIPKkI83fffpMmdaAbZ7KhFlzUPw+N8n8GB7Lg4UIVi1/k2ZGH54uSx4skEDXZbnD61KmNG9YvXbaUhTHR+19/+QVNh2ABJzGcDKQsuO/zQseh6XDwykKNCwHlJsliSAY6kWkmVeFyYEsnc2zx4hVZs2Xz8Eow24IpKScCydKWx9G2VIhpYYXKLEIjs5pnP+G9ylRczSwi5aACeqfrqTOnzzHXXipZyGKNMltiL19WVpyaoQcbIA1hXzHPsqeAmAIN8f3tt99m+YvjmoQ47pCiIY7l5OaWP/E38om90X+SOtmzQEnSHWgFVouZlPRMfbJRgJLMFiyH0KxXwuTBq4E5ISFRfH2EPPGW8zhcpULxWAKeMFHfjP42+Nat2JhYbCEegjfeqHr50iXKQzA2myW+wCbqwa8gMAIiOamJBgsUyJMpUwazOV7twUh2oUegh4hGcqroGMMxd968bVu3UtvJUyclyVHw370TnpsgElYwbmgPnAXOiUWLF9K8RP5yjBhf9NGkHgnrYn1plAQCCojXB9bBYRlTOsgnbltwFY9IJIhKkBwpk9xEYd/3H9jj46v8W9BQqnQJysiOTTn8jT8lrQGjziUQUzAQ9eMYQB3zJ/Wz3QPWUaZp06bnzp+1OaIdCfEHDuxRHq/atdNnyfxWvbrHDx91cyS6OBLDY6IaNm6EnBPPok4cxeJaQK4IVAlOlTuMe/ny5QE3tALlyCEc5hE2BiP8OKIwS3AACYTVDOJ/QKvK+vh56Yg6ecxhvnbl4toVq1YvXbVs4Yqw4PB7jDdIwblPn89Hj/r+66+/GTd2YufOPSZOmvHViO+GDBuOX4ItX+rw1JRewiv28mDCQb0iPH9XGb8S+0CQUA5oY3Yh9e//ef9+nw8ZPGT9hvU1a9QEBOjPUg/ChpSiWvHAIZAyfZgUd9Uv93FIMN06dXqPkuASXK3IM2lhY38Y+8EHXTkNRduH5QQy/u2330hBIyonU/KBgJQURn2RMIQDI6VsM57T3OaP79Lgs4VAePr0Gby9fVime3l5+6rjF33Q+5hVDXJmkWDb/ZOBhLE+Zg8INhgJJiJATI6FHbYB849aJAsS+WZFjoS92641RwG2bd02XZo0zZo2GDDwI7Q5XmVsCTsdMK5IJwTwLLAGYVLuOFe3N2q+FRwWhsNEuRATcCQnheWUL8Vux6hjkhcvXpyc8hMnT2XMlKlk6RINmzYoV6E8sYv3OnYICQ394MOuxYoXv3L1qtlq+Xn6DE9v3zffqv3m23UqVKqcIWNmpiIVggOgBOOBBmcaqxSAO4d3CWRmwqDfMQ9Qi30SXvEgM4pIhEQoeQRud+zYkXRrgt/0BZukc5Wf6CDGg4wEWdDIT9IFQhuwhamOawRzBdICALEsxphRLTaGYrgQAzDIfr45c+X6qHv3GJMpLDq6Tr16cq4UhfEKALBomjuoIVqcPn06dR4/fgQ3Ru3ab2XNlqVPn8/27dutU0XlZHugTdgsI/GUpK45Enbu2kNzvl6e2bNmzZY917IVK6GzVatWjJ30V7y7XHzh2Y8//jhv3twLF867ffvG5s0b3njj9b79elPhli1bqJ++oyVJlYWHRFXBr9BM3i6ppmxzgPOkswCG+NKjezebldMj1BC0b/+et4+/l5dfpderNGvRymS1kYNQplyF6tVr0Dsq1GkIDw+F2K5d31+1avmZMye//vorHz//zdu2x8absmbL0ax5y159+tEEkknoDSVIvjBjAdvZtYF6Zcem2llqt7do3c7Ty/u7777FkYbT4826dXr07Lx5y5qMmdJNmDAeDuGg2L1vX/7ceS5fuLRw/oLM2bIePHwIYnicFSQxFAadvDYGUShkcUn3ySjiyePHT7xUsuSuPbvPX7qYL1+Bw4cOy8kcEydOqlFDpexQA3kbIBuR8/ufks9ISUGZMmW4lGQ77PQLQeGu/oNguCScQRl1cAoHuajEE/7plUgxkTQuOIzYsFY+e+b0+bNnLl04f/7s6dMnT1w8f46vFy5cPHv2nDrKXPun1Ib2DyDDETHR4aGsE8SPdS+vhNscTrpwydymLRoPHzly1R/rN2zaERIa+Sed2oo5IiL6+28ntG7VoXWrjvPnLp45Y97iJWu2btt74dJ1wnkK9WvdTMFwSB+pgB1DgHtggWjv5LzSq1V8dTg2b96Sjj33qdOkz5CB9KCWrVqNnzBhz+69WbPk8PMNPHTwMPpIqpVJqnHa1rhZy5w5cu/buxe2qHqSUSteAS7yigg3tGndljkAz04cP3Xl8lVTvOX6taC5c+d36tQlZ87cDRs2iomJvX7tOqvTWrXejIuLpXqtEXXiDXwXbicXCZ1+JRt3TqogkemLoV+xAW7hgoUc15IC1hmPwIEHQ3APCr1EhtD7F6/dCAxMTb5bhQrlT585k59Yfc5sSAyJXazGwATJ3fX/2goPyoKPqDnOWL4AR8CkTHX25UuOD6s08dIDnFEl+A+wbawyWYHhdQAu0ArGkp+IhmBRWLFBLeAGw2O2J1Z78830qVOpIxOUx5BjEjhPWsXFkVPZb0kxDACtcFMWu/gjz1+4ePDAIVI+Ob9p65Zt1Wu8QRqmeO/RQVWrVkuVJh1mLPj27aLFiuP0Lpg/X7rUqeg7XSBHmlwEQoZ4VgRciztRZiAICWox8OAD+iLwGT6QeM9CU/dFc4e+Yy8Jl8BjjJbEzrlY9NNxeEKXAQ3gCTouP8lkY60AMxkvsqJwb3Auhbh2yEsgCAoxkLFh89bde/YXKVKoTt3aXp4e4PmYyKjNGzcwEAwBHUfPsjeHp2gIUALkgmZowLWOPWP1AKu5dE8pS2HZcQ4B7KdldGSNog6PsLOX/fy2bdsZFOxciRJFjh0/SnnoZxcxBk/fNikLKZIHicLi6wI00As6CD6DDwA+ltr0qHDhwrLXlI4AMdHs/ITYwHNySqAQacEMu7k6v/JyifwFC3P8B3GMFavW3g4OjYwK69GjG1SZTaYZM3/z8XTv3LGDmj93hgmdC3LlggOMLJL2Vt0GadOlYZ155ty5g/sPzJz5W+7smWmOlFuJYQG8gGhwm1xUxgKeoAI3bNl+aP/uE0ePTJ/5G/txwsMjZkybigiRRMxoynKNduksNCM5QBOQkLhwEUvMAMCaCikv6ptB5PyJYcMGpU+fCRE9d/HKuB8ngaJaNK73UsmXhH7IWLF8xcpVKxgaVn7ARWkoudPlX2flUy8gCh2a6bVwibMKMFcqb8DF2Rxv8sIV5OHGfX3OKsEjVTY2jjBYeHjYrZs3CScFh4YgWszuKlWqYM9k1jOsTCtqxu8VHRNDgC4mOoZicfFxGTNkzJ4tO5Lm6+M7ddpkVkpqTrH1Sh3JkMDJKFu3bt6/Z7ezpzfeqXv3+lKYOcs1bNiXq1f/UaN6jX79+pAyrO3cYngUXwXNILH9+g4IDg6dNm1qrlw55XU5FHgIH8SfgybcQ38iUQgwE03lPfzVJRoJYrr1+DgqKvr3xb/7+wdoB7TjCrSOGzt+8OAva79de9bs6fTMxcVTGK5P+WvBET27dT9xaN+M6T+XLP0KP7ArTldEYi9YC8Fn4tf6pmW9gIzv3r37QQ8rli8vV67sl18NHz1qdO48OapXr0rqWPoM6Q/sPwC01qRAhZLZl8R9Fmm6V1LipBpMtM2du7B/vyFZs2beuGkNwWdC309dkp9HAh4vkhBdpgZMnePEnFCJNqyBmAPigEP3oeVl/t9/XJY6JedAV3bYEiSVeqiQJuS7xMCoWX4V6cGqCewV4dZ1pdLjmu9a84+pGF7SmyiUHlKqSE3ZOxl2Uq18cpMWlUrSwudJ00a9Rkll9qGnyY9zJi4oL9bSaJMH4QN5HkKGyufQdDpECkOkTl2JyHfhkuAMIUaUJg/KRJV+cVOAUfJ6tBWXCjdoQ6BOWZAm9F7wHTK4KV2Q5vhVuCT8VAs77UguyJDxUq1ozekLOBkX/rzDTOVeFnq4T9MU0HuHnZMRkYlNGXlcWzTg/1TbYEnhYBMukSgpRi+EA3poSWqG28AXGURRdkK5kCrPis9D+pWcPGEUjyRF2cSji0jAMRJtEhz0n6WPRoPCXXRAKhTmS39lZSnNqVHWbMmdYUq8ePFCWGiooIE/Waf53vUpANXEfy9dDVq0ePGnn3zqqhLvWFgrgmVcpOMyyjJAMi5Cg0i4DIQMtHBGa5EpSDYfr1mBo+5IhpeLXXvbmXpbh8rzcVFME/7rSl9aeV4uYQscwAkKiqX7qxezW5uhsVvMFiw9fMhVuAAp+nIMmvTLbLFNnjwNRuzYsbN8hQqvvfbK0SMHWSeA1fD24ejCAgkPARMgZh5MnTadixv5rfhYSfpS0dsmjZpEhkfMmvVbnjy5PT1VoFbxFRhnMn8/5odpP/1cuGixfp99QuB/6NChEjVLfjFwxDSHDv1i0qQpLVs0Z/SY5Q4SajmYTmkOpVcQbE6AJfw6YcLESpXY4UV6k3pnm6QMPfwYiajgGyPWyUVwQZ+kd1UOMUBPTn775tvvR44e3b59WwUhmEGubvFxEdWq1jh96gIH11atVonMYIddSTu/6gy32hKYVl26fHju9Mkli+Zmzpje2SNptSMqS+vjBA4wJBn5XqMAHwhBvvdeR/ZU47rIlCkjIGbL5m0zZ05fvGQJgUeo9fRQ/wsMTEX2BqiaHGfZiarH0CUnjHUOZ9KwFdzPL83yZYsLF80PpWQ5PzwzX8AaHi+S0BWZJiLYJLSVMuqaNlQmSpvnyszIXL3PAdANuehWmWmCHsTyiaWUO3KJdaEwul7SHqWwfl9vWqsB1JCg2QEhSftypyG9pG5xpSOaN1Md4Kieloc0dQJxsr5T9GgvqqT/Sn1rxXRrLQaSO2IgpSPCH72PYkiks/wkql8mm16GX+k+BZLbOalHZ5TwXH9E7uvdST4WOkulsGqOXmg7cQRuyFP6p/Bc7uj2MnlDUrluq6BEukB5oUp+Ehygj5HmMlYP6gBFRkHngzSngwydgQIpdDMsME6eFU5KSV2QFKnocbU5Qg2lOgvcYfPy9MQ5jgQkDa72oDyiazqhP3m/RM6TpEUD0zq8Ew7IEAu77pR0rF65bMv2PYOHfeXlztGsHHjKwCUBhXvHRYgX7CKjI7IhXJL6k/orJwm6qFNK7ImqRg6d0ARcSaQmHmApcmYVFhHKdZ4kdeGZ/4/MFC7ydegCR3EsW7YqOjoKnZMjR/aY2OgLbNh2JBLPwqH1p2GzOy5eukK8NTBVAMjADbBoV0zAVUYEit03uK90TSLDpL1uVikTQkrk4OzauZPDC3DvV61ahdxtNnIpfuJjT0zs1af/T7/MqFO37pgx30eFhP70809vv/0Whk3UoHAUPpO0yF6Jzp27vN/lfbURTDWRpENEgkRI8BouWbKUQOerr77i4+OLLy1DhvT6UjtJC/2fOD3AmIl+IByJB4sNzFyilnUxUDRocxA1x/YoXAK4kzdu2igeLJGjjRv+aNKoaYeOXUZ+rZ3/xgGxDufjx44DugoVKqjVRlapnbkaGh79fufO/t5uP0+d6OGbSghFVvG8li1bLio6uk+f3uzyY1CUHlW7lFzRmTHRUUE3bvTq0wcY0aJlK3arCaPUm28ZEjiuRkbtedEWJEm+EH22cuA/Z7gxargt8b/Siznz5zVp8s4H73+EL5j8Kg26pfwl1Q/A7v9c0ceLJP5z7DI6ZHDg8XKA2I3sprl3NfZ4G/4P1S4IW5n/BOUHVQffaocUrFu3dtas2YQYyOn5O/aK1eHC2JAETQIW0cO/W51jfeWFef5+gRMnjvfwVEsU7ah7J4vJsnjJynbvdRkzblz71s08XJyu3whZs2Zt9uxZa9aqjokVcABZnAhCVm9nMid79BBILXhIrLgU0y+b1Xb16rXly1eQAoKDhFV17tw5U6cOJDYHsBDE838Q9r6HVVA4iTJkjwG2OMhViPmzNoUC8Na68F6aihVf9/bxW75icSp/XyFYkDS9IC8Hdw7hV0E2FrMNX063bt2rVHmds+RVWNY5Ye3ateSbk+RI1hd+BQKjQiZAFm/BrzN/S5Uu8+SJE8NCg9+sWcNijudU/oJ5CwYEBrIsmzNvbqGiRZo0blDmVYXwHqizJAYNGTKUM+E4Dg6w1vyddz7r9SmRbuj/uyG+b/696AUNJPGiS4DR/2eHA7oZ05ZZxtoohSOju0LF46WWp4m8mcX21Zcj3uvYRlJSdJfAvW2Ib4M0lAULFmDjsXN/V5jxwhayA2j48JH169VjNauNmoohRoZFNG7aomDRl74f8607uVYJjohIU5f330+bNvXYceo9KeAbqGPfEMe1EXnhcCe2O0GqeON0J5Me+KNOZTVxKXHokgrGucbFmc6ePbNq9coVK5bjgGEDBSk4eqTsQXlHnfCKVCqSrHE2sOuYGJDY6SSHmeaTwLW2cuWadu3fW7pieaWKZbAfAiMEFZGlxBfyk3gwKearqHUiq/qDrl1J5GzRvMXVa5fw95AnRNcoCZ/1hAwJv/KEegWO2T5t2k/bd+0pUKgwUCk8LOTKpcuvvfpKy+bNM2dOr0K8msvhjjPvvrpL/ue27Tu3bt7ctFmz3LlzAdU4PlZqMKbbfXHw7wsZSOIhGWg8bnDgkXFAj7yI2Xhk9b54FQknoyJ5fwsHrMSQy8/5p5kyZc6bP4cwVj6Vr14LSxLRUUfJOWuvstOC6JzeRnI0x4vph4Ml56LYTnID2SxDJStXrPTzD5CIH4tz7O/ypcs/69Xn92UrCxbMpxKvyB92cmHrAeGS+g3qvvXWm9gvkARZtzQhucBEWNq3a1++QnnSfcilyJgxg8QJOdgGSth5jitFRVm18KAiRgVPVRj31s3b02fMYNsUlbO36oGW6XqnhGPkfLA9Cr8CqRLsAiO9gMRtwQqqZS3EePPmrd179tWtX4ddIh7uCu8KNygGFOA73BNnBjfZMSShBza2kIRBX4g3ciAESdxkMMgLmHR/gERYVPCIoKI6nYKcboW5bA7QlUpVgw4+eQGxyjy7M4L3DyY4wountL5o/FO1K7+LgSQeXkMYSOLheWjUYHDA4MAzxAFxRfC6k907dmZnfU2SRHQMRitd+vQFChVkgw92mjVoUgRBC6cT+5CtEmQUY2EIHHDo6siRIznkQy+p91APOnDECLuXeZ8ffvvkqSq0zpvkOBOWg/B1/4fsgQR5cHCLvG6QdGOsKRkJ7N/RMpF5BU8oB9wRDoAmEgtKly4FZmBzMn4LNpWwualRg/ovFSuWN2/hyEhyBiL9AtxPnj53LegmrQemCuzYsYOnl4c4PFI2HpJXRLYEGZeAG7YFQS0xC/H/G+g2ZVx9EZ4ykMSLMMpGHw0OvEAckKUtBjjo5o3LV66kCghgrwFbPXHdB127BpIgCkAsQJbRnCapPrVNSeFhYRwAs2rNauIaHP7Be3AkMfkvV71kPrJwZ9/sZ599Ju/Vo0JJ0WAvMUmdnPVC7oKeZovPgEPkuFjxy+5xNlsCEcAipGJoeQYqJ11202zZsnXC+AnzF/DO4aQUBOAFwIWD7c6dPR8eEZ8hXcZqVavYE0y4LgoVLOzl7Vm+XDnlXHFVR+6mGElIuoPs4dL3/kj6BUwwQgAv0Cx6wK4aSOIBGWYUNzhgcODZ5oCYQ+wf21uVYWafhWxTdHM1xcR9++13GzduYNkt56ns2rrdarGSJMBRClOmTrl6PYgDwl595dW2bdu0bNVCAhZ3rcUlEEDCIK+l4GQ5XrZCBETPkaRpNiB0aN+ubetWuPF9ff3YP8JpLivXbJk5a+bUKZObNGmosEtiQmxMXO8+/TJmSN+r16c+vuyFhk61DWfL1m3fffsdRyl88cVgchNoTiqHDA5GwzlADIGwgirv4uTGQTeyF0ziHlrJ+94G97cDKbu1ZROchCoETDzbI29Q99Q4YCCJp8Z6o2GDAwYHHgcH5ARGLB/vcUnafa3tIlZJjlbHqVNnOBi3U6cOefLkBVv06defA9PMFnP+fPk5vLU0IfzsuXPnyZU3bx6yI4U8SUvQL9ltS5okaYmEP9gGqacmiG8Diztq1GiSJ4gOxMXGESvJmi1rzRr1ihYrWLhQQQ/PpFxaAAEnQo4aPap06ZI5c2W/dOny2TPnOVgpTeo0xDU4NEIdO5t08s7j4JNRp8GBR8YBA0k8MlYaFRkcMDjwLHCAnQJcBPizZ82mXmbr4U6OHtsLr1y+vHvvganTpnZ4r0P79m1IJwBecLqG9vJIlRap7QRQZ77IElw+BYIk75e+xUZAgyRS6D4J+RUgExYRcfToMU6kTZ0mEHzh4SxnzZFISG3qlZ0gCZoMDQkjG9HNzZOzS9ikkC1bVm1fYlKQwvACPAsSZdDwrxwwkMS/ssgoYHDgCXFAz4F/Qu39R5vhcHGOfOakh8IFiuXLn58Nh9myZiVVIm++fDdvXX+j6hskSEo8Qnns5cgz7dgxdfIS7gft7Mj/z464G0nonLvL4a+PoLx+Q/kzksINCp9IzXKOHf9PSowAVjhUfoNqlGOp1FPJGjfiCf9RKf2PdctAEv+xATW68xxzQJazRob8Qw6h7N3g1Ka9ew5u2LCRcxE4EKls2dfY+5Ala0Yx7cZJRA/JZONxgwPJOWAgCUMeDA48KxwwkMQjGQk54Egt/O+cmAQ4k1dUCFADZ+ivYHgkLRqVGBx4wTlgIIkXXACM7j9DHDCiG49kMPQDvrT4hXplmbbvQE4i+ustnY+kXaMSgwMvLAcMJPHCDr3RcYMDBgcMDhgcMDjwCDhgnMj7CJhoVGFwwOCAwQGDAwYHXlgOGD6JF3bojY4bHDA48ExzQM/z0DeAELiRgyblJ0mskTfIv5iBG/1tbXDjiR2cpTNfGk168eyLnStt+CSeaVViEGdwwODAC86Bu46v0LnB/bi4OPa4SoEXlkucFML1xDgg2EXnOceA8l0/h/SFHQUDSbywQ2903OCAwYFnmgOsd9nRylYU3vV1l9dBXvDBS8l5Q3dERIScjfFMd+bxEMfbT3gh+4ULFx5P9X9Rq3g+eDUJnP/22295/+rx48eNN5K4Dhky5ImNgdGQwQGDAwYHnjwHxO7Srl07NluOu1YLSV7fdeft7Q/kGxe7LvWo7qjXiar6ZK2qdpyyYUQ7fureauUpqUGWtneVUXRpB35z/8zJM9N/nX7u9Fkfb590adPpx3ILyLh9+/asWbN423jmzJlldyu1RUVFsVDGtv1nDiYRLiUPZOh+Gl6WhlHPmjUrbwmRt5lzyYEi8iI33X8gMYi7ZC/BYYuNiT575rSbq8upE8fPnTl96vQZ4R7HkCRvUQmP3a7JkeP06VNjxvzw9YhRq1atDQ2JBOxlypSRl82+mAEmYekLimSfvC4zWjQ4YHDgaXFA90hziLV6gzh22mrHVLi7uSfw9k0twv1ASIJHsCs4A/Cr0yk/H9+AgABQCqdYnjp16vbNm0CJqtWq/aVpEQsnjcqXu1a0FBAYsXr1moP7D127fp13cLzxxhuZM2Vyc3d14W2f2lOU+eabbzjQc9CgQZgxbnKHqo4cOYItfPXVV++t+Wnx/yHbFVggkAu4oHefF5q0atWKl7v+8MMPHDVGGTrOm9hOnjwZHR3NW93TpUuXNm1amMPxIfwqzya/eLnauLHjtm7dUqLES9evX9u5c6eLq1vRokVffvnlV1555c0335SXwUqLjDjXwoULhw//+uqVq7wL/uOPP+Z1rxx/DoE08aBS9JBseaYeN5DEMzUcBjEGBwwOPHoOyFlVxAiiI6J8fXwWL1q0Y+s2Lw/PhvUbBGbPhMnRXwt+P23LwhdzhWsdFzeZCvgfsPC3bt/CN4C5Cg0JyZoj+9AvvvhLx8DVq1c5f3Pfvn0tW7b08vK61/xgOEmAGDdu3JGjx15+9bV27drxPg6BKSydecmHbtjq1KnD68s//PBDGhJby8vHR4wYwc369esDlR4IHt1P359KGfpF/GLjxo28w533mECDYItp06bNmDGD6EbGjOroUu6MHTv2p59+4uVqnGd6/vx5CoMt+BUe1qpV694YxKGjx9966+3IyMgVK1eUKvmSu7tHTGT4gQMHeFUs3o4VK1bI69mE4dyn/o0bthQvXnrWrF99/Xy0V8WqA0vU6+C1l7X+NxieglF+QnkSeBFtFmuCzWExmXm5jXp/zUNc6AU8WuJrkvnDFyRGd2elrG5BnVIntXHph+U9UIXyLIsVqYFP/XHNn+rgbrzJJMWkUWlR+vJAbd1/YbPZLKlJ9//IEyuJe9BmVQOqosIJCRa1YoQh6o87/FBvPPpXemAv3RRO/ul5/tfH/r6ARKkZQ7vdzFc1OlAh//7/kjWi7laVRfBjunRnr4iZCD9U3o/wUF7o1EkVItV7IhIU0zQRTbAwVW0OJJhqlRxrDdxP/Y+qy3c8yWoyClVCs0wo6bWUuR+qpIYzZ87MXbZy/a59JjfPd3t+5pk5S9/Ro5s2bYo1wq5jflT9joR4s40XYeBXOHvy+Jmjhy6dPR4fH2HTBECLYiS9vZulMCYqS5YsvCQsIHUaGwPu4r50+arceQssXbG6Xv0G4mzXGYJwm00x504eGvvtyK7duq/esofYRHLlIHoMGugdJE2cONHH2+ujD7qkTxPo7uLs6e7q6ebKyk/4QJlbt27t37+fpbMwQWzY6dOn8+XLV6RIEQmdUCxlSixl4wgdSAt9Zsy00fn3OfsPDUG/aEiuw4cP8x0nkJTHZgO2fvnllyZNmsB//aXnu3btAl3hFtq6deu1q9d79+rXrGnz+HiLr08AykRvS2YrFK7/Y7XNHPfF4AHVXq+UNjCVv49X5sxZXipRqlDBovXqNvTx9lNvpdcunBx9+vThzXB16729ZOnc1GkC3Nxc8EN4eHiBP9TL4LUXuaWMbw/zlMi2bk1Eyd/nvNDb1RWmCGEKZOYJ+SQcdqviMm/es9vVm/f4v+vdjqb756ZoECpk8ETaZNowdR8m80VEFp6ydsFvljNnTqpNQayRdwUhX2AdPGOyQUv3qsEHuqngs92hvJQKR6uRY+xZnUiPUtDi/bBO5qTuHryfR55YGfRNXGwsHFD8SUzwcHdD7brgyHVmfBkCHNDaFP23ecrYUQowIauxlA2f3muZoowIxgu85+qKgxTaPJIK/D8xMnUlVg0Zj4/PunGSzqoJpcmMDO6/yj9iIHNHZ46+qzBJ/u1WFlYJiQ4i/dSnGK9NCtry8PB01tZej/sSZgo/Rakl3/rIn/RCwtiyCvxXDS70q6Fxdsa28sXXxxsrHxUdvWfHts2bN2/atKljx47vv/++IMDjx09cvXLlwvnzp06e8PTyrFCpAh7vQoUKu7nyPk9lHZFPcQPIiDs7JS1GuT9i+AheATrzt+menv/n7mYBcWD//mlTp67dsLFsxdcrvf56raqVACJ0RO+dSM7vv//epUsXwhOstn18WPgmHfJNuzL6SDgqhRX5ggULfv75Z29vb3QOOoSSbdq0Qe189913oBxhY44cOf5VKh7VgLIioAsQwJTRxNL1YQRGOssnvWvcuDEKmfRGAhYylIsXLyasM2/ePIZGpipjMWDAgL179+JLUF4CBks71XTNmrXolkqVKnh4JhkdmTW846127drFixfH0yBDyU2rxTZ69Lf82ePj7v5+fqpaOuHiMnXq1K+//vqLL75o0KCBDIpo8kfFupTVI9pGf3WtKATpiEyf+6xWGKjjUb4/6HHyTwhJxMaEftj1o/PnL/j6+vbq/Vm1alVdXH3us5P3FgOM4+nasmULuUWi6ytVqoSLskaNGg/zYh6BEVQ4c+bMzz//HP1SoECB+x8MnU4EdNiwYczzOXPmVK5cGfJ0JHF4385RI0dFR0Xlzpu3WtU3PL19q9V6e/78+Wix1q1bjx8/XsBHijnzDw8SSsyVKxeRPzTX46j/YeoMunHzj3XrI8JCgi6eS5vKP8DPKzjstk+G9IULFapbp5Gri5d6j6KauP/SCMvKkSNHon9XrlyJ3kmO4VJAHvIgkdHt27dNnTo5MHWaKZOn/umNuAdJiIJbsmTJ7NmzCxUqNHz48BQ0ej+PiF1klYYVYWXGCoz3UF+5coUoL6+q+ucaCKuzrsIC9evX7/XXX9eRK6tHVq8JdtuqJQt3bNmUNnWg1WLt0afP9q3bsHnTf/l12rSfdu7ZkypN+vuh8CHLwEa6s2bNGhADPcJRzzTU7JOdWXnjxg0c18ysmjVrCir610nKg6L0NZ+X0pIaUEnKNoAbOABgCMtZXDOURKlevh4UHhmdKk26g/sO/j7nN1aew4d/kSNHVm29TVVqkoqN18ZdQQm+3Lx5q0yZshMnTXzrLXzpSmh1YwPTBw37OiLWOnP2zMIF8u7atv38xdM8LjZShIc/T5w48fbbb1erVm3ChAnQSa91wEQZWTVdv3796NGjX375JQVIt0ThEDGR1STRDTpbrlw5SnKfV6t37twZO/qQI3KfjyfYzN+NGhkVE7tq5cr277b7oOsHbl4B9/nsvcUETdLf9evXN2vWjI0SBClEPbJOq1u3LtaEsZM7gjiJU6Do0HLEQYB36idnp5DgULiRPn16T68kJCGqnowHEh2YsNmzZ+dxmLljx44L5y97e3t16PAe+EyxVJ227kTqCWzs2bPnO++8I3hdCHvqSIJ+MeLIDEtflIBIyEsvvUQKqmSA3ifz6T7+HsAZyoFZ8O677z4okkjaFytj9sgvQUxQiX6Hvu7du6dKlQrzTAjqYdqiWvjVokUL0MPatWthovQcOdCr1YILyl+uxw4QPnEBiYNX3KR80UrhLdSKo0wTE3ft3tuxy4ehkVHxVqvZjquIZYxyEoovRC6Lzc4qwGTRQhiqUqo3U4B6qC4yMtrN3Q28LDEO1hBceN4CAwMJ+FEUJyTEo7/EdUZ4tUePHuKZt5iVn1/3Qltw+ztsVpuZZSI124gRWfl0cBsfrJL0hERwtOqcVeIj9EBFSeSSbnIxCUkjwvDoP5kd8TbNjW0xx6vwAr1MTIjHgOCGtdvojAovEGRI8m8rNpnN0K7YKNXyyZ9ao3/GaCDMJvEJum62JNrslniLNd5y5uRpFeFSvFYPwkM+hRi+QxiLJ1y1JEzBIiLEX4/67q069U2w3pGAt85sUT5nDAFkaZSpUUCpSxAJBGhRhDtQOqgM7KWQJwMtbQlM1L4K8fyUYDH/n7dfx+Z6j0TYGjVq1KlTJ/HrCMGqdVzhd2JhUoxewEb0OGZJmtY/df+hSKAMipIdRY7EUFR9iCTdpIPSWQceBEbFrr6rgU2kQiUbgGnm0bp165AZcr4QfgAiE0HGgpt6f0XArAkm+ml1JMaZbZeuXfXwdZd1mC7VfMcVx4q2YMGCIGC2F1KAOoku0xzYGmvN0hCOC23aS7MTIcqMAKmaEyyOhDjkkGbsicgnY2vhN3uCyWYy283xNuJ5JqaSxaEkWkJXlFT/HInIFIMjISn1T/FBqUjW5VgLND60SUe4Bg8eDLZgQloS6JeSDf4hHFbh5Z2Qx19qGI33lhs3gk6cOB4REc4noJNo+gcffEATItv6EFMVnGRMAW14tlkQ8zB3hMnJLxlcPn/77TdqwxOulxEmo/FY++KHJ9auPzh37lzWxAMHDgQBizRQOSsKBlT2X+jS+2eLCfDWjuM9VUCaggWKzJwxC/8H5pPWVRZIdDT2g2mO/KvBuuPaeRhle++zSWpTI48rSY41zk+eOL5+w8aRZsf3U6ZnzprTZjE9TNMyT2nivffea9iwId2UicMwEdZBXQDZk+kQxAZNaF+yeHnnTh/cvHEbZSVa9F4auI+Es/5s2/bdDh06VyhfOU+e/AEBqQvkL1ylShVcGhcvXpQwgXSQYULkmHQyrf6uUyID+lOiQx6GA//6rLJEFgseNaYJ6JMUmU8++YRlDBGuVatW6fpZlN+dwbIzH60EvrAhTEamZIJVTVhbQnyc5ZWXy37c41Mbypb5irBTwGFhzuP5/2di7tf7cZ/Q5q5iIsrMCsARZpVM423btgGfuZOyCuUp6kSvgRlZ6zPw+Jr69++Pkf7+++9VGFP7hwJWKxClZJIiqXrYEmKUOrFYZB3A/+1Ws8NucXHCP+aU6LCVebX0+HFjfL3c3ZwTnRNs/OOuFFblhYAEmyv/Eu3OiQROSbxxcXN1J36TkGBCJ5vio1P5pULWpTAtMqgbNmxA++PPZJ3BKuTHH3+UClEfMIRFmDZt7PiPkV42kSn1iFPdhfiHCUIwz+w0c2YjG+YE2+KERdZgi3oEqqzaJ/+g4s9hleEHb6GOWcecO3dO57xLgqfDSn2uxPucE5yI8sEHN1Bsgp1PV7qc4HDBr6zWX6SiO5wSLYQCJV6j80EWBMiofGoo2OYE8S5OON2o2wpPXaJDwi6P+WGUBnJgmHqEGnTIDIWMDuMImoY/8K1I4UKf9OxOWNgVIhBiu52opLJgcFgxXGWfKc1ht7movGnmgdXD3RXFQ/QacH3z5k3ppow+jE0GEWQtwaCg/U2YQhkjwQeiHOVZbW2qTBrfkS7S6/S1r+AHKxMShKckLQFIQGFkkh/oCDTIuEs9UpU0oQcj1BenBFdneuNwpptYRhVGAdratA5qmQuJDgSUxCLnpCEliqH4zBZ2rEXhwoWpkzmF0QWbAtOpH9nWo34yTBojnBiQRIcFLqZLnSpd6rTSFyFM1B8uParF20fqAIoJ40ocmtwCyiTlpTs5axpJiVxStWqclb4Enjk57B6IB7U64xBW4sCQQbmHi6ebs4e7s4ezg0nj7Obkrm3DBDYhwwylElpN9mws8LV+J9VN0hyakYnTvn371atXC7W0jzcCRwV8c3NKcKMtBJX5glRpfP43/4RrUNDN3bv3Hdh/eMb0WZ9+2htDDgJDYPABoBOSL+P4jljSd1Qz05MLbv/dWk2JVGIiyq1s2bJwT6+HrkISUIxWfv31V/CEPgHxRuBWkSwNXU2zvgSzYrQQIfpOYflMGkbtLWSDBg/89ttvFv2+sHnzdwoVKkhWIL/KNkjASqlSpeAPKJA69Qcf4Rc9IUAmix5ggk7WYCQbuNrN77drsWP7FiKTD9OusPTYsWNIOEhCRT8dDjQYTkc8BGAmoMD/LbsRCTfX8uXLwbqvvhrOWPzdohxpJ1qBPmzYoEH9enUbNW7YvVu3r0d83bhxIyYvywBgNLm0ordJZ8EnwVyTtNx/XegLfyQw92/S+DDsSXqWtojvwBkA6Keffjpq1Ci8LEhp8+bNwa8aAcqUaGhfwTACoe4uHi4Jbk7sgE50c0EhJbrxjX9e3u4eni658+RkN7Pdzd2KykczJboluPDvXzzlDzXS98MGJhIDQHaxJDFgQenwv/pg/7VmBgnfHX5OKYlUUb9mP9D76l9MbPj0GT/17NmNdb8AQz5Ri5999hlOKsyqwBE+V61c8Vn3jzq/9+7xQ/uxzpjMvTu3fzFoQERo8Pkzx+f8NuPrr4Yd2LeHQWDpMHnyZDQOtv/M0QPfDB0wbEC/SePHxsbGgSNwX4Tdvvn96K97duu8aN5sW7yFJYI+zcR+oCZwvkkKBRiIaQ8BfGeSsO4BT/Tr1/fX6T8hwFj4mNgIWuvX95PBn392ZP9BF4erzWydP+fXpUsXnDhxeOTI4ZcunTWZY44dO/TNd18NGdZ3w6Y/0LT3JgNSP4oMTA2LCKDovMVDhx97zLdfJSZGz589eeKPo08dP+LksMz8ddq3I4dHhN3CkINbWGZeOHPii0H9fvjuq717dgonmcz4FfGrMyfJcyZAgxHiJzr485gvj+9Zt2jm5O9GDD20dxvWa+GCpdWqvYmpW7hodnhEkM0RPWbMGJij2zmZb1gOAZ3qz8SEmIiQRfNnY/+Cb16b/tPUyPCQAwd2jxnzzZmzJxg3FCzSnmA3T5s0YfKP40JvX3dKBBYloQF9DjPB0AJTpkwBS0Gq1ndnhu+nn6f+9MvkoJvnL146KiYKw8zgEi/AdayzCJrR/uh6rEhyKwWfQ8NuHTq0N+j6lZMnj3z73chtWzcL5OdZlDiXSBdLQ8JwKCbchgJeueASI0Jb4SE3nROVyJljo1YsWTRvzozz50/fun1dAz/mAwf2/Dbr1y3b1tgd8YyEsrEgW4eCniSowz14znKEVnBssgSR+kE8dJYVKkLOBSuUgbU7m+Oijx3ZOX7cN8E3r5ui4hE53XrxO/E4JBDHmOwnlCwEHMjFihVjLSg2KSY2CsGbNWvmjZvXABXqX4LtVtCV+XNmLZgz89qlC4kqDQgOwJzbv/02fc68365eu7RuzdLoiBt7d2/8feEsiyns1o0La9etunr1YlxcpAso2ckeGxc1efzY+bNnRoQFq2F1woeUFIzA7qI9QJa9evVimSgjxYXbyRmkirQnWMOCgxbOnTXzl2mcBSBw7R8sKCg0Y4bMObLnzpevUNWqVWf/NhtHJlxijyXrnK5duzJeMkZ6JRJ1BqFeu3ZNfB73aiexeQgAASZgR3Jjw+PcZ/TR7ISTktNGMYaMxbGkSvATsodDbujQoaABnLhICLOMdvWZIoC4RPHirVq3Ivan7xqAJDHqgiF0Rv2rIk1BAekdvkN8V1zCMVonQeHYiVO3blzfunZ58JXTWTOlc0h6U0ovGqJyooTIKlCe6UkwgtwIVDogAG+Z6M+k6oGh2qix63Py5Ilp06XFjQRJfykMuDSoBK82m1yop0f37gRiOnfp+OWXw/DwY4lBDxQAkcBSoAwhpAoVKtyVrHNvtxgaBnTPnj0MIt8fJtR+nzwTwRDNxpSXzmJkAV5QwvYiTZLxCsbMnjNzzpyZV69dwLPs5IizWyM3rF+WaI/Zv3fLwvkzg4KuKLSRQLqeh9kS5+Jqjwi5umnV4jO7tsXfvu7iiGX1/S8k6drksX4RNwsaELhNpJOeP2Rz1IYcoPUQNaYi4UAyjECRCVYTzvTjRw4VzJ93545thw4dyJwlY7v2bfCTHdh/IHPmbPv3HQR/oHnRkpCBRsaji8SMGjkydWAgC7L169Z/9ulnzEasGq0w/1nqgVrEq1a6dGmeYnmBB/vYyRNHjh2tULFi3/79zDZrfGx8yRIv7TmwPzI+7oOuXb1c3VHoYl0YbziAis+dP7+Pv9dr5YrPnDmJ3BGr2SSOaCIdKCDWKCBK4CSqjRYJBpE/QQcBH6xy0DJ//PEH8DN79qxNmzZhpzT7xD7++JPq1WteunQZpyhLExaR0qLOXmhmzuNxDY4ISZM+XbqM6UPDQpWT1mRiJYRDTJInPvroI7oGDaxHGSOijNyPjY2Oi4tiAYRzb8eOnSNGjIItixbNM5vjWSP6+aX68ssRZpMFG8Z9jCVTSIKXfKIN8bICDpiTeHEpUKZMGTQjg8VPrN2J9ehiIIsb5ipLDYhnSjBGvXv3Fickq0YGGr3PKpk1HPME/lOGCc8mfvzJZEJB7e7du00mM2abCX/o8D4LQC4m5MN2LTp17LBl78EylWsWL17i4G4le8Rc0UowmRR3mACLUIgoKbyaZGzlzJHr2NETFotp8+a1VapUXjB/4c8/TachJqfuq2S5Q3l6kTdvXiIymDo0Hb1jsOhI+fLlIZXCEAlvoRAxQxkNGfq5xRq3bt0fb7xRbcH8399p1jpD5pyhocE3r57NlyvLF18OGjh0aP7c+ffu3mmxRvfu26tv/8ErVq2D+QyuiBCV84kaRSxZPLGuIlhOjAMyEBv88PwJXqRf2CHS2pHz0aNH02VwG4NLjAbDSRie+1BLbWL/KMBKGsWNjN3rj6UAgke1zZs1bdm8Wc4chJWzB4eGxpnN48eNaPVOoxnTfq1aqeabtd4MDr1is8eOHz8Wk8mgjx073sc7AKmGD4QkoBC+we1RI7/19fEH99PuuB9/qFmzGvXTI3rKTZkRIsBMTAQSuSLui/ww7ogHQwx7Qeq2+LgN6xa/Xbfa/CW/T52+OG3arGA+OQ7yLvWi7+iR2ZF8goht5sJg0MqgwYNYvvGPEKNFuYkcsWZzTHx89lw5O3TpzDTnPjEbGQhhIBffqQGNAefZNaAcN3do4DtzGWfk9u3bxVcvv3KhEJBnPC4SieD2+XNXqr7xVovmbUOCI2/fDD186MTXw79v3KjF5UvXtBaZ13d3Te+pkIQoojf0hh5Szd71uEakaoXBrV69OodiMUnxI7Ki4D6xBiS/YsWKjAKmWniSAgIkaAn7EY+OHTr5+QX6+qSqW7fBmO/H7d9/MOj6zSZN3ilcuAh+OJ0eUc5iYoRCftq0aUvHDl1WrlijpYEq/57Ej9CHLKuYMmTbSEndZ6kq1OKnbPUsVfKVfXsP8P3ChcuNGzVr3rwVtuP2rRDiYwlYM1PspQtnz505uWPrprV/rEEHskgDjCLDKFK849T88GbuX7knHGBTMQqWHA6E3xwfffLowQxpAvPkzBEWFmK2mA8dOkSUEHVH6h5zEHRFRA8XCwoEFEWWMaxADiUoA4QFulEPXcBJyZpHj1//MzGPN09Cbxsdh4cKiukwk00/K/5fOfWXBWQqIg3idMWCoiVZUTFjE62JxAR+HPdjk6ZNbtwO2rJzS6PGDdKkTXXs2NFq1ao3atg0JjoeYWKyMQf4gu4YOGjQjdu39x7Y7+Xj3btfH4zngkWLJOqMhCEiWBFWbDAaycO5wlNMlfq162xZt+H8qTOffNQ9fWDqA3v2zfplevN3msdZLHFWy8VLl3AUYZ9ETIVgZOtmcETpV8qRDe7l7VGn9huREdf5CeZwfApGly+s/zA5aFXGkpNPyOKmACt+TCnhITQOFoJNXmEhkaZ4861bN7Nmy7xu/XLWiKy8Qe6MvSjN5EgCOAJQIDf18+EjnN09Zs6aRRSAiQU9SD/yJPE/RArMhDpAdCRGvnjx72fPnsRhiLklkGKKt9SpXdvf33fTpo1Ip6eH9/ff/UBsGs5TmMNSeRCuYnKWLl0KDVTF0PCsbKbAgImwMkzACAGXuiKmPILBaMJt+cQQSliUmU/XWJzhE6ItvqOUMY0sl+kalTNSiBZ6jbQDVq4eHu74aSzWmK9HfuHt5nzzRpDZZl+7cTNb8atULIf6hiqy+WA1jAXXwmqQEz4J4AtVBaZKM27cBFBU2XKvzJw5PT5OJQfAWORN5yrEU55BQR6gEI8FEgg9jDJjBCTC6UJVGEigCQWY6sQvc+fKxVNMWoyr2Wxirent7Tt79qzp03/x9vE8emyfyRo/ZtLPG7ZsZwJXLl/OGh9pM8cCRGApTl0xP2L4gYzgGJY+koIDrGEcqRzgxRdQNWRglRlQpAhqKcD6nl95ltkHe/HT6BVCIXeoEJr/Uv2BsQAfM+fMDY0xTfnpVw50+mnyBKspqmTR/LExweb4uOPHT7q4u0/5ZcqlK+dz58mFhGh02uvWaQjsYKDBUhAGoyBm9qx5Af6psbuxsTGBgQHhEcGMJssACCCrjuHQkQT04C2gKmYc446OQwYYNeTZbrFFhIYVLpRv1uxfyZCw2BM/6vYxdlR8Y/eaQLgk4iRgIrkB5rvMU0ateo0aAH8SOZiyRJaIWpEMhWhBGxCBMuKWkPJ6JfxJ5XiwYDIWTuCCLtsMNAsPtc5JBgd5HCCI2DDWQgBiRqO13643ceIU7BnJT9yJCI9dumTV1i07oiKZwZKf8rcXddAQuFMsa8q06989pQMg1CACxgyiOWQMxcUCgOZgCysTdjfotllnwgNSQnA+DvFhhlauXOXl0q8dP3aCFQtdR3+Eh0VmSJ/5m9HfSjIKFyOLhw8DqQ+ugAk05N49+5q/02rvngMqS8CunHlcSBHCjMnXk1FkXOQiZnn69Lk+vfvz4PXrN1WmmNVx4vjpl19+DTzRv//ATz/the+KE7Gw3OgEcAPhNpQ2YBHlzETDZKDJkwPNB+z+AxSXKQyjmOmIKDTUer1CoKe7v6fbqBFfAcdI9evdpy8oXK0ezWagA4sNGIU6wtuHauVxJhfPisyABQkpAtZZDAisv09qHnt0Q1wiqEIWPcr1/fPP6HpW3vfpvfnLYjLx0OPYJwIWLFJRqagYgEWCW1yCs/nn6T+fv3itd5/hv/yylHNM27ZpR3naff31yl5ean8ggAuGMt7YFbINevXrvXDJ4o8/+7RIieIu7m6+Af6UQfvzFHMDjk+aNAmxQ6HgDYO5zKUjp05M/GXa4lXLEz3dm7ZplT1v7kVLfs+cOZO4/hhXiWswPOK6pyr+TBXosXLlsgk/Ts2do9DWzXtbtXyXnyjArEAioZ8Rxa6jc7kJ8EczkkyK7wE5wKOLu4wypUsX9U/l6ermfPXqteio+MmTZvb8+DOGn+UvO5TuCuPBH6YZCu76wXU929RJ5ZYw85eftJM3VMiZdgGn4toh65OuofclOkhbTI8NGzfRIll4WrJJop+/v5e316HDh1iC0yM3N3fWZRKdEVeenLQDJqA4GQ/UA/f4ZOpyCW1UCPKlgL5LRdyY9Jq1JmxnXFDHaCgK8CyKmKeoU0LUkE3rwBEW0Mxk7oAMEC2QB9Vjh3jq+IkTcH7p0mVOHr5e3j7ODtsblcpnzZZ194EjtAJ8pDCefBw8mH+8Jpgfmsbo4kWvVr0qlIMqDhw4WK9+XWQMg4LqlF1/IpAQD/iDTkEPlAdSYCahimLQgITgmyHuA5hgRx/6BTNfpEgp9O1vv80aPvyrYcOGtm3X0slmfqlkqZJlypOi2rlTl4Wzfm3RoGqpYoVWrVh7/tKNth0/aNKyFQsIQJhun0Q70wvaRVrEK07TsF2Yz03WhdzkTy6JUwCY9Pg9/hvEiZvSEb7QEbGRVH5vZJcCSXPh9UoBHolebk7IQKK71+oN289dvvnmWw1q16/Tb2C/IsVLuLr7HDp0JDYmpmy5clpVztEx0QgVDSFLfJFJgaiQCwL2PXjwEJT07dsPNxhWnLkG05KHoiWiBG1ga+AXVgpsTRk1oVyc9h06dPFSUI7s+dzUKYPmGtWrAJW49GHStQetoBxxpNEovGKA9J8kMEEBAhOwumz5cgQI1YkInF4QHHr++Okfvh7185SpxQoVnvfb7C7vdfy8T9/en/VC26gJceeCRQwEiVDsUVSRF+2SH2V2kwEnYX79KRxLrDRYouCPlJsqLcZhr9+g9vnzZ8LCQ8gx0BYgtkyZMm/ctIlcZ+1I4r9VnFIJ3kc8BFQuZz4+jJq961l6pNCOw0F4F2XI3EFgmAXYHlSrzA7UKXLOfeFqylrXUkFUW0A3cmPJ1s+TJy8WBPEkesmszJI1y2tlyiAGIr0UhgBgGUiOcYEA2uUmJCHqlStXmjJVITMhBhiNPxLmoOgIOWFK8XshEigBHiSx4PbtYHzAmzZv+nxA/4wZ0mu0OBUsmH/N6tVVqrweHxeXhsBJhkyVq1av26AR+Zpfj/525KjRuJ/xnLHux7Sx6tDPBEsxE+6TdcJnmID+JFzOCu3HX2cN+eZ7/7QZR48afWzfDndH7KDP++CYRPiZQfiKsE0yrVCnKC4BEOJBgWNcLFnJAaAvDK6oiPvphdL+j+9CtpI2zJDvpeEJNDhL1dBQNduhTySGn/TdaPdJjOgXN3eXXLmyz5s3v27d+r16fTJn7vSsWfJQAwcSeHv5/DTpO81iqi1DTGZWgSGht9XZBA7VKAIkOc/169Yt/fJLHF2ATCJGnk6uHs5qVkjAGMLwr7JGZ2nIykzW3NiJl4qX+HnaT8J6sJsb+iI2llgFixjECN2J1GMLKSw9hWBQc/HihdOm8WvVulmr1u+0atmGg9XUIjgwUO1Q0jKkqI3ltWhz4Avqj4mEFcFkgje5yZBTmG6xQQzbjACMGvV1tmxZSfJBEzEPXEjSdFY7x8QqMG0QICzcrN+3MM8r13gbJwG/WUwmWmQ2SnBdgTBtTqIKdd0aGJiaFGhyzqgHE8D0RCGiyrNkzkrlHMcSFx/t7q7IoBKMDQ/ynXqw8cA7yVCTJvT0MZF72dsm4iHTngYkZYw/IQy/wuDBA+AiyQb+/j6k5pHGJGX4lJnD1oBr127gQOUnSjITWOKztkbjZMua083Vx9cn0M1FJY86ObkRIK9R482ZM2aSI7hwAcHQRRMm/rhp84bPP+9XvFgp0Y+0y+PMTbvDMmniFDc3T1JO2RKi7cyVfL4/476wFDLkCDzhG0PDTfGTAcucPZyiTVEvv1Lqx7Hj1AGFiU6RlvhAX6/9u3d+2rN3n4FDOnzQs0DeXCYLzph8Z85cGPD5gO6fDko97BscRTaHqVjxgr/NmMnKjJwMda5DIgaYjvz5pgZoxiLSNC1Chqhv6FfGx2aTtCSkSw7z0TJVlXQBGKA3ffp0MlKSBMB3/J/IJ5oUaZQR4ROWyt5LgAvN8aybuxdJWWAC2GEzm/z8fFeuXC16U9asoO20adPTmAu5nQ57eHgwllLAisxxBMDTy40xRYshIUyOAZ8PRqTV7n8ntesk+YFOPCg7GHlqwuQpR46dfK9Tl5o1amhLKDtvTGBYSJ6WpxBUaMB5g09IHtED1ZCHWmQuXL14CWqZYnihmJ7pySoAgXl7Hz15+tCJUw5X73Yd3t+9eVtQ0PUzp0+vWLEyPCKClMZc+XgiL9PH08/nRvBt8a3qOFhUFk2jH5B2hgP+64mZkMHoQMCF8xfz5s4LX6n59MkTv2hxVeJNulxpc8yFfRl9d/R7v8tHlV+vjM8GBzUcwDFDNDO5+P2lnoQGNpgQogW3ie66T3V6P8UYU+qH/r379kCpt5c3CwkmMWOBglLaWDPP9Jdi+iHT91PzPWVIQXZjxnz77Zh6dRtUqFCeY801FaFA84SJE3LmyMl5lKIkEU5YzQr7669Htm3XHvIaNGjIKJQoUZxw9tatWxC/xo0baBmFSLVraGh4mdfKYwtmzpg9Y8Ysku3z5snj6++H5kSToFUqVq7Eom7EiNVY3DuEqbmQLn2aj7p1TVF3HuNDYuNlVzMGC0ljqnbt0rlNyxbYi5Hfj2fpfvX69SGDh9Vv0GDO7HmVX68iG5hFS4gGYPqjNxAz/sRQ0nEWZmQT4rak5n+VOune4/VJIMoQRydNljAXF4uTM5uhE69du96yZWuZP5I1fZ+0Jh8Q0douaOtEt9y58i5duvjo8SNfjfhCybqTe4liZXfvPkjGpbunhWLk4rJSQXfgxgG10RymjmUQyoXlKZ7SG0E3uMnyfcaMmVgONkLKJBQY1LdvXz5ZD2GSxZIRIyRYwyKG+6hIjD2ymzVHrp3btyaaIxzxoaaYSBc3d1SPGEse4QvroZm//SaIG3v6Xod3Jdle8CBrd8FVkMEY851VGvkfmGQKMF1l5jBFsdmy4MB6cRM/RFx0OJmSu7ZvA6U5nN1s2t4NfqLvuNoIjxHNwc0O1iYLCZ5jq0Rf0xCWQ/gPMdSJ4YEG2ftAAZIAmF34bwQMSXaVOGb4k7A3hRE7+gjI4CceRMmKUAr4BeyLi0XsjazeYJpQqGthbgLs6JrcpDmAwJo/1qiMeiv5xs6ydUIcGyyJsD0M3/fffS95RidOniRIia6hy7CLGUWFsM5qiz977pSbO/s0iJJcqFipnIeXS1x8FAvLXbt2Fyv6UrePPqE5CEYeROOfPn128e8rS5d+DdU5d+5szJ6Ti8JY4CFBvUK5yAYd4SYXlOPdEe3DUMKHxAS3iuXfWLFi1YGDe51d2S9pmjzum7i4mNHfj89buNjbb74ZeesaG2TY/hMecjvRZiZncM6smYwLxwoBRPAi4NJQfoIEx5gfxmB0pWlZIqAf+U5hTZbYRamCygLOxLPKfT6REEhSpzea7BvXrokMv+7qHE+INyIkQkZQKqQwG+0oD7dFNwksoFoEhjWuQBPshHBA8DFEMmTIhoAV8lRY5MFDJhcrP+jhJg/SunBP9JdYGgUELRbABGzEGwQ4hN4dO7bMnjMDt7R2CLG6aAhxVRRq50ksX7EM7xrw2j8gAAgLAVTINJSa4Tn9ZcpQXlrXL54l0Rvf3pKVK775YUy23LlWr1u7eMXyFWtWfT920riJ00gVfO2VUiuXLtyzc3vbDu+PGT+1aOkyU6b/tuvA4aWrVsMWbBXTnIwcBoXEHdEPwitpnU7h6UT5ykxJ7g/AoYXfe1C/3p/06N6hQ6cen/Vfs3V/v+HfszFbhi+JTu2/6dKnmzBx/NChQwoVLIhTGu1EXhFJQlLyz8LJu3dHMGhXspRkN4curveUTckNlejPVHBx6/Du+2wX27SZHcjKMUNbrIZF1YurBm7/A53/2rZ2zofT9h3bL1281LFjB5YV+kky2A62eeOix9Eo9dBlJBn12G/Q4B1kAKzb1LhF68rV30ybJVv+QoXw1DKbcBIk6XMX10oVK5IyvHDRwqioiJCQ4Cs3g+YsXvTV6FFjJk6YvWjBxetXiaIi88LAZ/8SM8rMheHIP92UxZgsAOSMxNGjR6ZO49+xYzvUoNnMcjdWBIlfuSiJCmXgmI8wE0iBBxTXLB5xFs/M3/tkwuNFEiJPqLaOndsvXjo/Ojp84qQJpUqWql9POeGhkhnCDBf/5wNd9B/piY4JZRcfa+Y8ufN0/6jnLz/NmzBluMUW1a5tG7PJ6YP3P2nWrC1zGGOGL45gHuqe8A8zjQvViVki1nXu3NmCBQvVqVOX+dC+XVs0FG5wiNEWcCoOgCHEE471AkCIgkCUgSBwnC9UKAC82TvNz58993Gn926cPzHo876Vq1SlpOR/SW08+/WIEaxI1ExLSNy37wCuSHQfYw+chAlUQjGMNwW4SQdBlChK1nkMMyueZcuWCciQkphS/CUgj3bNm7//btseH32Esx0EY1enE6oVPPkKUpsQwCcxAmww3g5d04ljhvI4WvhCKIEHKUavMQmEADFakEGmHnCVKBJRWOyuxCzIV8A9iC2hNshALumIyCWNwnOo1Z23iAGVYBFxWpKlxYPJ1Q2NCjCiFTrLg5ERkYMHDylXvpy26FcuKFoR+0dJZkidunXDwyNKl36ZyELbNm1Z3qHP0aQ0DTF0FsTj6+vz8y/TTCY87pG7du0YOLAf6u+HsTirbJkzZa5erZarsxcSyIqcvtBr4Ej9+g3ZX16+XIVixYr/8MP314MuXb50HuslcVmRUiinIVhE8BvG0nG+oPTFtcMnHCDHv2TJ0rdvBXfp8sGXXwwdMODzU0cuergF3giJiTXHhYZfHD92GHtct23dMmzwoCkTJ7APombN6viKgVyQxJICcNOufXtg3/LlKwU6cMnIgt6EDD5FRCFDICbPch8yoAqhxcyjHd6s8WbIrVuDB/Tj3IG5M6ezJQdsLbWJdSd/GX8h6RfgV56iHowxHmPGgnEU4ZHtNvzETWQAdkEV8JSoEE8xoZgOwClKknODrxjx4xPPM0+B6iAbUEsleIS4gySw0QBJADO1adtqy9aNgwZ/3rBhPeU1TEzaH0Ex2VEJhcyILFkyL1++LE3qNJyISiugCnx1mHbJ7aCnTCjIg9pu3boRa9BVisxBNRFcXTgUrtvHPab+/POIUSM7vf8+VmTA4EE9enxUvlwZD1enpvVrnz9xaO+OjU3rvflSoXzp/L04o4AKeVaHjzKbkttpvgvSYkrKyiG5NuNPFiHv9x5yOSQuLNYyePCg0cOHvlaioD6CSULFcHCwqIvaelqgQP4aNaq/Xrky/nmZv/+KJATR0rpgXFkePMqL/bpqt45LtTeqZc6cY/nKJVgmOM/uIdS4MARRJDgrEpXipqEbjnl7+3zc8+P8+fOps5HvVIZjpusHXes3qAeL9ZkotlNtZLeY0vt7FcyVtVSRfCXy5a5fpzaiK/NFCoOOVVV4KTWVwnm16fwDi+Yt8Eb5im9Xq1G+9CteyjOddAJsiul/wg+KHNJHthcJpOAOkW70LZMatRkdHXny1Ino6Ii582ZfvnLx8KH96DrGC7WguWCdMTRSA59MbR4kEQQ3GDERiSzfz/Uk3ioOZVMmT9+398iE8VPy5ytAdrScWkonWdmzkwfjRP9FW93PhZom9s+6J0eOXEwZVsOubq6lSpUOvh1y5VIwOZVly71apUq5wNQBW7duJ/jKWgFmkXOA8uLZ6Hjbh90/rlO/Ib7yV8uWi46JwxHMoo4QBlo46EYQlhsdB2cJ54tRZ5AwkB06dOAmpAJBsufOGxkTH2O2ValavXf/fm6eXrly506VLuPG3Ud+mrP07QZNeYNfpgzpcDOKe5Z6ADSZM+bauYtjA9fjo3N1cRvz/fcgbqKz/ES14lZi6w7UYpJR0xiw2xERtRo1PnX6XHR0fIF8hS6cuch0IpBBzUIhqvbY6XPBkbE9e/WuXacup+JxSj+8xc1LIBZwjUWhKtn1R/2gAQwPmQEZA30O7N5Bf7JlSnf71vWTx464e9GL7L6+nnPmzQkI8AtMkzZDjnzlyla4cPbM7/NnHd6zM2u2vAQFydZwc/Xw9PA5e/bikmUrPx80+I81G3LmzOPl679ly47AVH4oFLgNYkCt0CjzGbYDgxBT9k3gJuE7sAyqREuGR8XNmr/syNETPl4ee3Zu2bp+5cb1a8eMm5QxY6Y2bdqxrAcxkPmUMWOards2Xb56NSYmnFTTV155OSIy/ODBAyCezz7rVaNGrfh4Ex5susY4MkmwyqnTZtmwcePCxQtWrVnd9cPub71dj2M/pv86c+HCRZBBtAtUkS13nhpv1b587ebRE6e3bd/1+eBBlatW4niNki+XWr9pc5++/Tdv3ebr7QPkx+3JMhqCmavoUFY8CC2LJNbit4JDP/n0U29fv0NHjsyaPRely3kktWpUz5gxAznkGzdt43imsePHwVWOQPj+2+8OHDhR8fWau/fu40iQj7r3GD9x0qLFS9iABgZCDkGEyBgtbtm89ejRk5MnTcmWLbtMdZQFMQhsPMgPmdS8BW5Aw4jIqLx5c5NZvHLlqug40kXLrl6zeu26dc5uLoWKFG7WsvXZi9cXLF7z9beTnH38g6Mjs2fOiAjhkRIbSc1gbgaOeCqVEyVdtHhpjrwFBwweHBkT9+PEyafPnMctkCVr1rHjxoeEhuMqyV+gYJMmjREzTlti4wO7M4AFWFNEjtUMAEiQH0m2vXr3SZcu9YF9e7H6B/ftLVbiJeQQLI6ZJP+UZ0mVX7duU69e/fA8u7niu1KqABRCv0DSKnzj55cpYwYMAK+ieL1ypatXLteoWZOjHoqzceDM6W++/ebo8eN4Fhl9CsMffLMoFrSh6BMBAXySUaHOAOefdpKzpzotgmUcfyifB0c7u/K2TXe3JLzG+7LU/Ff80eDs/11yR+oXHkpESe7r1ku+8/nyS0VbvtOoVfMmObJzQra7RkjSJZVof/AJtc4oNFAFlUkJqU2+/52GFCL1658L34+avasM9pfzNcB5vn7eZcu+/MOYH3ft2sfKFRyJc4VpjseX5QGTEaCPuwglk4JWpJt0PHv2bOXKldFeKQDA0rwSeJs93KvXqObvj2MyqW69v9pynMCi4r+6tIGQcdf5zD25rZZaHHOjyYEmCrwBVIueanHM5CObsi48sac4aQ3PysSJE1C2R44cPnnyxIIFC4lwMfVY/fKKOEwJM3DevIUTJ0/LnCW7yWzbv/9Q1erVfhw//satW5mzZnX18Fi1avWJkycyZMp05sxZvDWA0OIliuOYJ6mCDHd0kSRM/DM2TXlezP0wS3fHCV7mT32aCfRDLeojrc+9f61ZqhIXLk9JtRJH4FmBw9IiX6R+ClBeFDFaHuXLCWhiXBEqzveS1gVZS2FZiAj7pEWB/NxRNTu78BYuWYNSm9YXFURUwTwpjZdP0wOyPuBBLdmbnAlE11XDxtxX5XXOSHyR5sTxkESGuzubMVBRJA2p43egSk0IlSsgNUuEUmaLalSrIXkGjWR9cp/6hVFCDy5jrUcuGEU1mZheGidJuScI7e3lwc4pMi44PYgkA6vZ6unhyZZtCsqwUmF0VDTZqcJnjW8EyxO8PMiNSjqSRUaZwsIo/U++CD0STtbOmCL7XrGDNyHxxg06S/RF7xRfgHo+3r7CZBX257As7X3QPC79EpIwXQL+uMkdi93i6ekNlvX18WVFgoCwtUfGVPigCFPEy/ByUCCxfz/sAuznTkxMrIqI43zXvP0iMDwlG3nIk8eHwe5QqgJ1KaXliu9E9Z2Ub3WsliYtoCgte+PPNDQQAPhP93DIIlIivroAC5NZZ8tZKdwXEYUMqUqXTLjGNBcxQNuS8O/m4U6HFCWa6lQnQHPT3S00PNzD28vd04PsSs4cED0rAiPipEsOf3r7kJ6iZgo7HtRpoBy+ph3/rImlekEza0X+ISv6rOEnwKKMrMxi1uIHdu68FRrGfOEgqliTBWXt656kdmTCirQwRhrnFTHyuE6PjKwwB8L4FUdaatKYEFjy+W1qjyu7MjKlV1BDZoQoPjlZwbgeLQfgPxcDwSxQySlakF6mtqbilPdI4m6Ptl2jtns5oJ1cidcMLZd0EJnJHK8lVKnIoMwvjolgMpjiTXhRY+PYFOPw90ulkqsdDm8vT+ayUizOajsSe7K4STa0h7s758+JkpE4uNijfxiCx44kRCOIYRYjLTLHHdGPclM3gfcjLqJkxYDJd75Qv26Jdc0oZWhIV5Q0TSKYZtchICnhVHJ5xLyJapM6xQBLK2J4hFSxjvKWGmE3uFmd3+hgy4M748qCHc0sc4mSuv12JJjcXLx5jxBhbW9vN04CcXVVKQXUgwpmTopR1JmmiHclOdGBbdRSuznrUAERIU+mrrCRL8qQ3XkfnUTIpC9yU5gj3JZn1cGdii9q+7bC/aS8aWfSCa9Q0L7evvym6NfOl8S2CvjROEA6nmqavEcP9eYtZQyAOOoASoeyoMJ5vggB0iNhlXCSS8nuHRlQ/YGlkEe6FYdsurqDLuiC4D8eSdJN2jY4OA+UgCeS2qbLgIxg8gCQxRbj5Oyh8mmcAE/0xuLq5IkGVEvRO69/4xHVR40eJpi7Wptq8BT2aq0LqVCiIwm5w6qLlTdefSUPKuPVSYYes6tWk2rPnrpE/HThl+GQAdIlRDimgzyRPcmm1qexDJxYWSmZVN5NQWF6AVsQPyUbLhxGCSuoE6lWJd0SVNyUI7UVGtVSKb09kqysLm9iHkS2ZZrwwioFCwS7aDSphAVtCqt5qrFIZeJql/BERF2XTyKAR06dun71qjpANlGd3MoksTnU6ySkFbH6sEjkRERFOig6QUJdfBEfrBCpGleLVDUj6aAmZpzHmsjUkMfFyMnkNa5HywHhv56NK/Ij2F2XARm7R9uuUdu9HGAyqTPrExKRdRCAMk8J2H61XUsKK8slmXl3/tRMGLZATRl+Z95pdoF5qV4nw3pD2QIMtKZaZXkjWP9pIglj7A0O/Cc5gG0jSMTRWyTi4UWUrFXdCv4nu/ygnUKXAQLYtY+DVE4E0bczPGhVD1+e1GCyMXBd4KeV/TUyWEqrOqmDPQL8A9G3/v6BvMAkNiaW+5hGPB/a9iiFIMXXIvZSnHxiTWUvIpcsBviTiJ5aEkQHp/L3TnT1JAPayc0LR2iCzRJnis+YPgMaH8TJKWqBaTPhU7epsxPMVpW96OrhFUi4kywQjmkBxYHR2WGm76DGlSWbaCSplrb4FF1P0+Q/SZ4plNBTSKKz3OeSVGLu0HfZOYyvi05RoSQ8MVgc2gS69cfF6Ejw9fPFOcf57/wqGf60SKyQMOWDjsX69WuDrl+nEjbImONNHKXDCgTPETSHhoQqJMgKxN2d3ZXQD9mskzBpeMpkPSO+TCwcDEmTNq0mVGYAbkx8LBzlqIfUHM7t7HTx/PnsOdjaZnd2M10PupYhffZEh5fymDmpMySIGgOyWS76+KhtNfRTZReyjd7Jyc9fbYCXJRwMUb+azTBZ7CvFWCP5+LD2s7O9IYqUMkcCLj3NJarcyzCTO3j9Avz9L1w4D9lk16rjc7x81VuMtNWp9IKeCrrljnpKnVRiDg8Lz5QpC1AZdK/WRdY4ZI9Mc06OZzsJcU+1W+pOlpuMMvyXOgkNc1i4rMSehevx+iSehR4aNBgceOQcYCMJFzqImUy8X7aKiIPBuIQD6E32G5MEKkk/ZEc+Ra3HNkWyMRgvsfrYYDlyR/QyHnr8R3FxZkJgvIiWU+rF34MFwoJibhlf8dbIiGNy9L0h4k2hDHtK2WbCT3SZXNSLFy6kCkx19VqQj6+fCgtpyCNVqgAfH1+SonLkyBYSGubs6o7tdCdSiT9ZS7aPio1Lkzo1kRoxG5xEyzZFGCggRmIHmvNJGRhow+aBM9TJhlp3+BPCxI0nFkgArrh/5FNcX/wq3iPKUD8BOHZcRUVFCroKCOCYIy9uknsLr+ADnSLpRJKEHuhatuoPjq+WQ2J4o1a6NKnx89EzzjlJq9IpMh0+cjR1IDue2McXyvxJFRgYHRlBhBTQIzQrtxgG2MWJVxvyCObcL8A/Ls6SNn0G1tHBN28whDjG6Jw6jMSVJDZfV1ePG0G3WXDjpVcbp514UZ86jUN74Y8WxcZpZ7OR1eSaqFxitMDI0qJ48olF8oUsJcBNbFw8By9wXBVsoSOk4ODty5g5I13QEBvHhSWGh4QC2igAJyXb2mE1k9AjPlcNpSmHMTUzOvBcjnhhKJRr3M4L7v0iI6LSpktvwxvLMTCenmpATeY0aQLjYxQi5E/kStyWwhOYSWiVPCdu/rOr4IEG62EKG0jiYbhnPPuCckBWG1zMZLSDxOMNJJFcGsRK6e5uePUU3d2SWSL06MMkHuA72zDVoU+shvESq2Ou7qhsGWKKiRm+V9ylg3qkiS/iClbpKZqUYLS07QLKSuiBJI0UAjQEZFRCoQo4aZk6KvVHJV2qSwEdFf1RbJS4pHg+hAwJJMkX6Ygeh9V/FaikRzPlT7n07/oX0qRUEtKfaaSKHqFED0emwOuG30BrTHVLRazk8AP6ogKl6u1vZGGR66jljak3sxNexBnDV52wOwOm8Zn+qgivOhqCRzTGAQ0UE3kzoBY9JdqlUtCoGKwkETCJnGr1qNQqBSm0IVN8u5P2KvzkMYgUJgtXeVJlIan3BKrXiytxIe1Aq1jld4kIOalIAem5qqCEv1W+lHJc/Tni+pjeYT7ipo5dIaZMNJJsOaJ2Dgt917ilCZsaiz93IehAUBc5actAEi+oETK6bXDA4IDBgReNAwK+xcfwovX9Reiv4ZN4EUbZ6KPBAYMDBgeeMgeUk+aZWUM/ZV7855p/vCdT/efYZXTI4IDBAYMDBgcemAMSrTAigA/MuOfkAcMn8ZwMlEGmwQGDAwYHDA4YHHgmOWD4JJ7JYTGIMjhgcMDggMEBgwPPCQcMJPGcDJRBpsEBgwMp5YC41mWbg0TrU1rTc/kcvWab6J3NCM9lF1JAtGzEkD1EMu4pqORRPSJS93RpeFR9+ct6DCTxWNlrVG5wwODA0+cA5oQDA/Ttmk+foCdLAadW8PoSeevbi3Mx3JyHsWTJEk4eS7ar8+kwQDDNfxjMGUji6QiW0arBAYMDT4wDGBKMyq5duzjkR84IemJNPwsN8U47OY3qWSDmidHAKIMheBUt70R8Yo3+XUP64R9PnZLHRICBJB4TY41qDQ4YHHhWOMBpUZxOyFmN8paWR76DgLUmxzjeuHHjqXRYgJEc2KAIUCczaW+541BFi5VXN/FyyIEDB3J041Mh7yk2ynGiHNaOM0Y/muxfiZEXvjzyaAjn13FC+enTp/+VgOe0gIEkntOBM8g2OGBw4H45gB7npecTJkzg9GJWh48cSWB7eBs7l36K9v1S9tDlBD3oMXjlQuf/vErD4bCYzHz5Y/XqI0eOcKg2Zz8/dGvPUwXqjR5ubocOHeKk9vsfdMmu0HMs5Ojxh78YprNnzz4L3pGH78tf1mAgicfEWKNagwMGB54VDvz6669r1qx55ZVXHhNBvITl999/5/PJv1tEzwDAVpELguuFl4zs27t31cqVf6xZA7IZ8/0Y3gTRsWPHFJx1/ZjY9WSqhSG8TY2oVoECBfSXjNxP08AIeUUt16Ni2vz58/v06cNA3A8Bz2MZ4zyJ53HUDJoNDhgcSOKARCv0XDZ5GQG/yftQWF/yZqZXX32VkPn169d509IjZJy8rIHPWbNmffrpp6VKlfrjjz8eYf3Jq5L3QfBaCnonGQ/yXijcEaybyYSQt5Thzz975sz27dt5UW27tu1KvFSi6htVi5Uovnv3bnl31GMi7xmsFrasXbu2e/fuZ86cgTz1Tg7tTSV/eel7K3gZRnhY2JCBg3ghZ83q1ePiTa9Xr54rVw64x4vYeIuK9vj9rsCRDcn2zZ49O48xRrzN7u9okIzg5/QY0PvlyDMoKAZJBgcMDhgcQP9iU+Xl13ADxc1bHHEjT548GfTAza1bt5LBwCuYeUf2I2eXvJ+TJlhuvvPOO7Ln8JFfYudU5QmJrsAkm4M3lN+6cu3iqTML5s0HxBC7Ycl74MABXlvaoWPH0LCwHTt3tnu3/eAhQwLTpMYl8wK+qxb7vWjRohw5ctD3f31nJuMIe0l22b15+4Qx49KnTX/o6NFP+vb9tF/fiRMn/75oMcBUe+MoSE7e7HW/F9VOnz4dAt5+++3AwMB/eEzyM56RN3Ldb/fulDN8Eg/KMaO8wQGDA88QB1h6Ah1wPBBc4MuePXsISJPd1qZNm06dOnGOQpMmTbZt2zZv3rxatWo9Kme19F8C6ufOnatZsyamiG0CvP35cVgCsTE0FxIckjF9hnNnz65euZLmtm7bZnXYX371lQoVKrDVs23btunSpZNFLatb/BBvvfVWr169BgwYALXcf7Tdf4aE4K9IITvk/fffL1GiBJjyX0kFKGzZsuW77747uP9owcKF+n3eHyASHhFesWKlE1R09HCZMq+++WYt9QpSJ970ycvK7+tiyKi5VatWeEdIo+FV4P+wg0bEiYF7LodJ9+oYXwwOGBwwOPCscUB24ctmfJvdzj88/HzeDLpx8dz53Tt2jv56ZN23a9eoWs3fz49MiA4dOqxYsUJcFDwEgMiQIUPr1q0xDOj0f+gdFcvC9P45IL6Qbt264e2YM2cO9esnX91/JfdTUsuhtIOWhg37avPmbZ06dalXr0Hv3n337TtgsVrJJPX19f3pp5+kmMVistktQUFBBDjy5s0fHRUjbht+up+2UlBGjvwShhMUYMNIAoNkt1stFv2nFFSbskeks4zF6NGjYcvixYv/oR6trAWyf/75l8yZsr72arlVf6yNh6eanNltDrPJHBkZtXTpUqIkcXGxJlM8vZQK9a6J5PB57+hTMxkSSGCdOnWEqnuJ4SmLRdGA5wwnCtKbso4/3acMn8R9QUujkMEBgwNPngMoRxpFR7s6uzgnOoEgbly/HhEZyaJ878H9ew/sP3r0KIu8uLg4Njq2a9c+VWAqCrPVU0LOKG40OD5/4tNsXuDmP2REiiXgqfvPmuSRq1evli1btnz58gsXLpQtIY9pQSlGyMVF+ek1xODQ6Exkb0KXLl0uXLhAhgQeEcrYbGYnZ6f33u2wcuXq778b07x5C3cPV8wYbHkc/hLxdnBB1dnTZ0gyuHL5crny5bNly8b62sPTgwJw5pHvl/k7aZQAAf2tV6/eunXrCFj8w/ZXjDjDvn//ofr16+fLV2jF8hX+Ad5IlOQrCM1UBW9xV+DhyJcvn74NRMcTIqUy7ndxWMjYsGHD5cuXM2fOLLk7d1GOFBEaw3kGtchzrly5Pvrooyc/1x6yRSNP4iEZaDxucMDgwGPkgMp0c3FZuXLFrN9+69u3T7ePe/Tu2/uzPr2mz/otXcYMhYoWjY6NHTJsWNduH6VKnUqztcqKSOhh9uzZGNoPPvgAW/LPCXeUZ6//+fPnH8jgsZQkdkBzNCEtPiZTLYYK6ICBwyPj5JzgqnIuyclIYBVLmIO4BiZKkBA0bNy4cfnyFQCLvPnyLVmyrGfPnh9//DFw6jGNE+d9AaSaNm3asmXLdu3aTZ8xA1v41Zdfnr1zfILY2id2MRBk13KSBMkx3t7e/9AurpMdO3aMGjXKy8v7559+8vVNghHJoQ/8xBtEioMkweh9EbcEMoPbY+rUqfD83oYYGk4XbdiwIV4rHmcEdU+GXph6kE/SQonKrV+//r333ntijHqUDT1dl0jKWleuTuYTl9lui7c7rA6r2YrrCKSesgpT8JQuEI/Jn5kCkv4Dj8BMYDuX+Jk1T/YDeJvv5YDJrvlZLaYEuwX/o0V5ytUlC1CRov8A3+7qgvBNGJgUGtDitf/ATPEJC9uT3NQ8rNWj/Tfp+xPmld6LvXv3TZ/+W7N3WrRt237MmLFbt24zWyzHT54oUqxoxUoV40zxDO5d3maWd5kzpi9WuNC5MyevX718+eJ5c3yszpBkHUFpJPC//fuOTpk0KzoqXl9r/umxT8YH0AOcZAUpjmtsQOnSpUEhmzZtmjFjRlhY2N+NhTi3UyzPIrSa8ZLwjhWf+pw5s9Kmz5A3f8GQ0FDlYLdZ7DZzTExU2XJlMmXKSJLEe+91qFLljerVq3OYBMkiOm1WR4ItIZGKrBazAzVqiUvSqHeiQlqURLncMaKsyEUAdA5f0S5NUhLj40xdP/jIw93rnWYtVq5YEXTtOrtPvxn1bYb0WapXrbV3717x/Ito6ZNa1+HSri5gSeJ6Z5LSQvLYwb3KVidJGKuLcY8ePcAQv/zyy1/qZ52MUydPFShQsFChIjt37CKW4bAnvZZFf4ovjDUpq8OGDcNzoI0gvDeHhYVi+wcOGpwhY2aeJ4xCLEl/SrpD4WbNmmXKlOnUqVP6PIKZRDGSqx1Kktbz5Zdf5siRd83q9QTwkEbtSvrPE550KWsuyTGVsoef1lP6DE+wxcdH3r514wq2gqHC/jwxkkTtAsafWIsvQkNMKolnw1u+PDySsJisdrPFYYpPtFkSLFZzrHr5gigdaQg18d9jrKAxedOEaHBR1tiGv+uslOQR3aJgQihP4AAhF6OSYiuYYg6L9dLUN6Om5r0SDavNwfLBasWrz7GV2G8hT29FV+KBAf5NGjfq369vpQrlc+bI3rJFc7pDMc0k65fKxud/FrM9PCzekUyFiGGgZuEbzOEL3IAzLGSJZ+fMmZNVZtGiRV977bWSJUuyLv//mlUTIsPC3rvoTDFbhCr89oAYH7+AQ0ePg6tUWzZzosM68usR4BugA8mGMAcCcMuzp4PMUL3FBLCIJT7BZl66cM7LxQoN7ffJ/v37RaHpOJ4v7EnB0zBz5kyMqA7CMHvTpk3r3bs3A0HOwO7d+zJlzNq2zbsWM1BGYyzsdCSa4u3bt+0HYLEul9Ghfg54WLBgASt4jveIjIyUOgnNsLIX5sj0tNAfswXkRRPUxhfp8l8iCZ3JQjlXSEgIHhriWWzeuXdEpLwIyTvvtPT29tuze5/VQl8SdCShM4raOKJj0KBBbI2Rp8ykStgtn/fvmyVLlpq13jx9/gI7RZFDnBY6eZCKtBAQAWHwIAIjeIgvsBTvBanBehOQQU4n8vP2Ww3NJguy/TwiiecyuiFzEhswdPCwvn0H5cmV/8OuHzFIj9JX82914TXFDVWsWDECYP9W1vj9fjnA7GIZwdxDf40cOVL0/v0+/FflEuxR06dP6zdw4Hc/jD1y9MDJ43uY5BTEkYhDmG33jymq/TA0P/yzdAoNvnz58mXLlvHJaQdoapQ4U+afPL12O05dMszRgGPGjGFJxykFfOnfvz8DIauoh6ftgWqQYAFxa20hrhbSKhit8ucddI2XM3E+BK7juwaRp+gFjuKANOlc3D3jLbamLVrXfKv26rXcW09H/j+EQRMqHM7pl35+bs5qk6W6pLMiLbr7imoRS5I6WUFintkuUbBgQUIbJPeRjVG7du17gyNyB0PCIh6PhVT4SC7sMT588j3z5stLJgJNuDi7XL1yZc7s2eAG2AKyYU2M4afpPHnyZM2a9c92ExPJK5z2y4x+Q4ZfCY4a9/M87DrTYdy4cXRWzufAFtJf9tPSR4ZAKKcV3PVwHphi17AdiRExsTHsSgBBcN6CNKGIcXFOnz4N3OZZmInG5rAN0hEItbC+R6hIEUUsqZb3oeDdEYZT7PbNW9Gh4fFRMUcOHD64Z9/6Vasvnr+AudUHJTn3uA9cOHjwICO7atUqsdn79u2jNhIO/uFYT4QEV8HePXt7ftyz9MulNRn7C/GGFegKdsSAFyXkQcnLly7Fx8WDEiZNnpwzR47IyAgAZZEiRXTCYAtPEfUAXmAmJKhBi6BPnCXghuTnmmBBPvnkE3DeRx92hQfgpUciHk+6kofBxU/rWUESY8eObdKouTXevmfn/ob1m4aFhnOT/BmwJT4+FmL8U85EzRMofkUgp9WSkgiIqBLBlZMmTQKhs8br1auPj48vEkD9UKSFV9TckmIKvjrI5VbOdYUx5d+DX7IWlJWi4Gi7jX8WVhVAaJyT/KkvPSkGKaoYNKjuq0/1RdGksrQE9NvskJrkaxULITRzqVUAlbO8seO/VQ3ZaMJqOX3yhCkulkL6GuvBu5JsGaj1SFYkgvQlM58E+KZNm/Fl9uw5nEzHauAvs53vp2n6guKu93a1ho0bb9i1e9n6jUWKF0/l7wMbYMjt0LCixUusXLM63pK0ClfjpIhK8lioldUd2hTvoA5GsrC0I2LwlXIJ4g6V5bI+6JoPIKlT4jzjJwRT8T3Banew8FLLahLDNWnVREWGRZMV/bqfPv5dGapFpZIGiApj4f7NN9/0G/x1ztz5s2bPumb1Umt8tFoequvP2IeMAhfRdNZzOMYhD9muWrVqlSpVgCBK8JKFhJJIpktEjZAn9YmI0o+HIfyvn02SWjU+MpfNN24EVaxQKVWqNPPnL4Aq1quIj5J3Jb1WcE+FipX9AgIHDBgUdPMWY2W2WGPj4nFEd+3aVc2RZCn0aiiTBhqtYma7gdVktlmsF86e37F12/IlS5cuXvb770sXzF+89o+NjRq+U7NG7V9/+nXJ77/nzVcoW878t24H46PQ9pYk1YPZxn2te9REzlnWDx8+/Ouvv5bpluILSonpUiXmB7f8a6+WjY9np0ZSHDAiPLxWzRqYvfHjxytlqC232BabPWe+np+Sz6FNfpa8HLlx+2KHTu1z5s43b+GqMxeunb1488zpszt27GrVqo3yB1is0VHRQ4YMId2B8ARdUNMB6bdYDx08xNkVBQoWDI0ItxAWQYrNtr59BpV5rfzgIQODg2+LY4AqkC7xEXAHV0e/fgMyZ8r+fpePcO9zB4zCQV6AIVwU3bp9MnTIl0RJGD0AzaiRIxvUbTCg34DvRn/3QecP3qr5Vv68+eGeiKywjiG32B3BN69/0PHdooULNWjUtNk77d9p2u76tZs0Xa3aGz6+XkO/GCqz6V5uwweKsVzJn7/AjaAbMoXRz+rzznVH4dsnjJ9UvXrN27eDlQq1OS5fvtKgfr1WLVvSEQJdJrN5x46dpEFwqgfk6ZaChQp47osvvhDVzcWUrFatGkEQzXzAHVS3ipQ1adI0IFXqUd98qx1xnkSJRsVjmEsplrx/e/C5jG7AfeSAbJp33mnOjDWbLXyoGYV71hxntSXdwJmN9rfZWU7xj1+VXGOz/o0nf/G7yAftAirZaUajpnhz584fkKdD9BGXp8mMcCi8IuoY8hCXmJhQqw164pWzDxWbIsHQTYvMT3Vphgj1EU/HLdY4k3IFKqFk9xcbsPC+xcXwH6va3aQJrCWe7zyjARFMGtIfbbGqmJ+Ee6VWpQL45J/Ziq1MAHVhPszxRJcjwkIqlisTdPUywEVQSwp4mPwR6Ys44TXVw3uGYi1mU+OGDVq3bB4XG80d1lLMvZQhCY1JNpbjXp6eY8b8wB+KS1Zrg/r1lZkHISXwYqMobcMaH2btv3yazaY4tIWQSk+FPI1x6h884dOGoYGn8SYeEmTFP5hODRZzPEZVC1dr0EG7NBHVLDFpGigLGxpZNQUElKYprIbMFC85CRoWSYmU6hyWGtjFTs6dJp+W8Jj4iOjYL4cP9/byHDygn8MKflJWWbNM/I4cJUV54DlPNW7cWIAOIfaXXnpJuiC9SAIhmtLUrI5y+GtkK8p1B+9DSsjfPS7T8MMPP/T3D/xx3ERB7Jpl0VYQGj/ZsOefKs3kaT8nR6t0IWPGjJhG0R56/aBVwgS6NGLhfvn5l7E//NCpY6cO773XtEnTdm3bY+Sio2NPnjjNNkBYyzh/1rOnt2/q+b8vx/zBP0ZaKgS8AsJYYdOKzBRgDYoA3wB6g3QKjdqUXwrFOixhYSENGjRgGbNp41YGRLpJK/SOhTLjLoIHDVg7zrrwC0h/4PAxonnoIWSf+T9w0Kf+Ab6dO72v7iCT2o7HoUO/nDljNrgQ5TZo4GDcGM2bJ8WDlPG22SLCwlu1aAnQnD13DqFBpFhtiVQyZN+wfkOXLp051gKfDamOmqbVJJkZY7XOmDHTxztg0MAvrUlRMkUebomhQ4cCEcq8VvnqlSAWYjyEjL366mu+PgFLlywHowDtIOyD97tywFTy9AJqDw4JqVihfP68eb/8clh0TGxcrPnK5VsH9h87ePCwL88H+F++fElNzr9BErALhwHOJCH1riERqMFPC+YvLFy42MaNWzTwrxYPbMHlwREjRgjbgT54aHBUcMCodJlPgkrEO9544w1GX/A39wni8CCnm+DKUpyxWeJiIpcs/p24SN0GjbBVKReLZ+DJ5xJJIARIIZt0ixQp2LpNq19/ncZS7/iJox07vVe+7MtfD//CZmX1HGcxRU0cP2bl6gWr1yxq3qLx7dvXVcpd8kDogwwA84HgKFub2ExF63/8sa5v3889PbzwAI8Y8VWtWtU2bdqoSxK+ZTb/tG7TJCT0anx8OO/k05RdCpWILHewrChQFlVfDhkYEXLTboqOCL4xYcw3p48fOrJ/V5vmTb4d+ZUlNmLPjv+xdxYAUlXdA9+YndkOWLq7ke5uREopUUBRUUIFxAaDBlFEFAQRpUEE6e7u7m6W7Z7ZnZnd/+++szzXxeBbBMX/ex/f+PbNffeee+7pc+6dLW+93ufH779NssWmOK0Oe7zTmThqxCedOndYvHhhfHyU05lw9PieJcvmUkYEG7BDiR1006dPT7LFOWx3Du3fvHb54ktnznz03ocTvxgfGx1JtVrTRg18vDwnfvnF+nXrRJc8oMIAUfxAH/HhCRMmkDK0JSakOq3zZn5fuVypGpUrDB3ywYY1K+FksXL+l1VKays6D342e/p07/b8tfMnUx2JmAA/zpxtpwgTG8x2c/WquTevX06MtSXEhE/68jO7NXbRvFkfvj3w1vXLuiWB4Uiq5Yfvp0WF37aBuqR4atPOnTr61oA3e/d57cKFs/gk+IghITd/XjCbfn6YOmnwO29Fh9+222JFmhPkJCRAOJfkQkqyMzXJmRgbs2vr2pioa999O3rD6mV2axw979i0dsQng8+eOiaS6AEtCVFjaC/EGdFpDRtEfe0x0XFFCpf09w/Yt38XFja26IGDO0ePHvrTwlmxsWmlggyNg8XmSQGjVKlSeFFC2FzkniB+gupiYMXHx+7YuXXz5g0bN647depYbGwUDTOxXvf/CjAQKSFq3erJ1uge0aNiSVA5iNraumUzeZnK1WrEJqhoky7HISTC+3CQTEQfkbo5uIBfZ5DnHTp2zJotuEWrJ4+cOBaXkKDpy7R6QJkyiD20f3/RggWrVKuTgHZhbLB9d9YYr4zOnhHBHo1BPlF9gv+oefEx7n+yv9eSiFbiuHFjCZVXqlQ5NiZeDyxt2bKFPYqof6wZBkJdAfDs2bOB59Xe/ROTsA+AXxmQe3ftDsriX71aDWsiWXktFpaSePny1Y8/Gnrp4mV0XGREdIP6jbAYMH0kw6gMa2fKT3PnZw/ORhg/HvMIw1eLs6oyBoRMCiacffasOZhrpDAmT56M6aYRs8Leu+++7+HhRcBAK41NE4NIHsgMEn3xhVdZyvg4LOkUHvKkUqWqqihF1dFjiCdN+PIrih6QtHpdGpUKL3br6uMf9N2Ps3ASkm0JkAKzo85g1Mgx/n5BrZ9qB8CA/busxEOCOuh1ZKAQSQZU8wQ0Tp06NWfOXIPeeheLOT4+UVlNzpQnWz6F6qEUQ7Zukqp44YUXMF7FQhXxSNEDxMaRHiLEZAgaY9V5e3vzi2IYIpMnTnj7rYGlSpbw8vbetnM3kaUHI4x/+O3H0pKA8zlwplChQsRv58+fe/HShRMnjpcvX27R4p+3b91SvVrVgQPeJPA/7bsp/n6+TZs2qlK1kn+A3+bNG/EaM7e/Q/xLEoTVq1cnYowlC4998MGHmKKcgfrss8+SRYNKhJjYGMb5etBo48aNihUvdPToIU3SIXMyY3UyLqRJIpD5opAINubOmRNjIvzOrVHDPvGxmJ9u8+QL3Z4vX7a0r7fX6317t239VO2aNXy8vZYuXUyUYt/e3S1bNHt70FtLly0BcuJ+cXHRN25cadS4AWY+DijIxIsi6xkVHbFk6fxcuYKLFy/cuUvHp59u7+XluWnjhjWrV9WtU8fby2vY0E+xkIQxMqfqZC58fjFqWL36Db6cMr1V+44lS5TYt3MroC5auKB4kcJlSpYc8uEHWzdv0n36TLCIxKuZWtHipX18/KpXrnj08P7YqAhCDoi9Y8cOffbZME9P8+xZM8+cPtum1ZPYSd2f61quTJl8eXK9+UY/4X+KwpCJJFy+HD++VImiLZo1Wr1q6b49O6pXrTx9+vfvvfdeUFAgJLdy5fKCBQt4e3k+3a5NmVIlvCzmJ5s3jQwPRXBQxVavXj2O2GMPHgfvL1wwLyoidMgH79Kmft0aFg9L/tx5IsPDCIT27ttv8Mef+gcGEQ5FXD6goSahFMiSAgK2MGgqLRkpyH+7dXvBz89/2PCh8fExn302Jk+e3N9OmfRkqydr1KiGrSN2DAlmJi4ykU19WM8gBIlZqFCRF3q89MEHgyH7l1/uee3apZdeetHVzaV1myctFlOdurWQlgSTMrFef/2KWlHlAQPegAEDfXz9t27bLjtUNIpSkRW7LenqlaslS5fJliv32fMX8Gi1lJG6eAuLgTpEdPxdDcczB6dATp8+49tvp2rVlLbQ0NuNGje0eHquWbtW1WVgMavEiRpFhqYNmrVL586B/gHfT/9By0spvNKIjRCOpORevXrlK5g/PDpKyxOmmcJNmrXw9PKVgMS9Suuv556uBeEQzmwoVqJkUNbgnxYtxo4lxsBvfi5ftrxO7Xr5CxY9ceqsFg1QubgbV2+UL18pX6Gi0TGxWvoslTWNi419oXv3LFmCjhw5KgEmLa1n/3H6vMmTviecy1+LFv3s7e314osv6m4DfTLxihUqsBOBkANzJQ+kbeyR3RUqq8xyQCfoe84Bw6Yh+6yjukH9Bi1atKSxqpa9uycLZYxMw17Zvn0n43LduHGTFyG/Vav4VVUta6ZCho7evfuQKcDaE8kDzNO/n5Y9OOsb/QdYVTpWBVUQvcBx+crlRo0ae3n5HDxwUDKVv8tKtCTCQfwGs5jedDhpTDzm4IFD7733QfHiJTmraujQ4cAmiQ8VVk5JPXHiJBjQIaEYE0HKsSISw6M3YAZ1PJfRRY5JWAJvkKoa5og90ahhA85SwyauW7ceET8Q+T9Rwr+t8WNpSYhpjz2LrBShSa0ThTwSpWeDNQIUcxJRjhzHYEQ0Q7V8iqDMxBroIokRsfFVciMxEb2O+YzDwUDEM4kJU4ZJlRNyFlODeiKKoWgMR2ViRP0VIUROciVdjZGLpcyhv9AiMHA8MKY6RdTMGlJmrA8//JB7KokADDNZCxVWpbFE6vD++f0YwgDc8xbMKcE3ioCKFCmiavSt1s5durRu3Zp7+m/brh3YoxOmwOyobMqcAaHPRTiN2rRCeXNv2rzZ6kyJtSZ1eOaZapWeAEIGatq0KWqVm8wtU3o8C6tHxMT1faN/3nz5vDw9q1auuGn9GglX8Am6iMQwEDlsUIGtxnN8BUQbBhbIIBzNRnNZa06VkXuoC8OLlnRev359fFx6wKpAKhECwRGk2gtc0RjBhycKtkEyL1KmRwHa2XOn6NzX1++7qd/HxSauW7951qy5dWpUO3Zw58mD2/q+8jz9AMkDeq4yd0I+2I5IdqDVMUOpINVe+MdQLG4TJW+sCCAh0diAAJvwIj4TwXNxsAAbcc9zqcHcvn0HpIGdgbiPjAxfs3qtr29Ql87dTp8+N/37H5WP+5AEotIVBNjUeY5ZgrM90/FZfGmZFPgX9rx++VqN6rXMXr4//bKEXBbxR33WrCCFb1gScJAIAT6poseDz50r/+HDR5lsZGREjxee9/X1QbCwZPcuAW+BHKIOqAFSq7I1Jg0GzffGSQWNHE0Ns1kT4gD42rWr1EZky5H7xZdfvWv0ZMad+JWwnan9+w3Iki3HR8OGo0RJtKUk20ND7rRr087HJ2Dj5u1JJCWBkwxFnLX3S68FBmZfsnq9/jqz5rhGwgbkIER9ciFGqFX8Yfqsq1cJNZGrsf/440xvL5/FPy9CadvIAkZF79+774txn8MagwYNEgQKNnRlqa+FiJrx48czCsaTaFZC+pQ9IZd4C9zyFg8JhSK+4DjhJloSwEMrI23E3xDwRDHLeeQyIiRNqTstZUeJwEAzShk+eH9w1qzZOjzTScs5/qGo5yvaEzZmvWBetqIQvCHP8vnnn7dr90yhgkWbNW058atv7oSE3ZsN140D4GGy0ANiX6SK7vzoa32vHSO0x0VQhNgGtMRWDmn/IGriH3/3sdy7AdYoTJVf4cNoYDk5HQyakIPJ0LgIUMxG/iQDSniWG0gWNuAVFjJzRa1Sgy1Uyyc5DtaegRC7DIqo5RMZjWhGkaCZGAtVROkTij9zI6Z/CymPyYI0p8pXauKYuNi57ASjJX9CyrKLT34Oka9wynEliU4LnRG15jw+XG3uER9YFXIaIHIW9ja5uZlcXK2xcbmz5zS5upn4y5nCQEwcPUqfTPYBD95hXHqjxupOVGyxokVTrAme7i7ln3ji+JkL6GA6J97IRGR9H+QCCbzOWIRVxo37bPWq1bVq1zp+9BiFNYghnkMzTByqkDXlKlmyJJ9oTTkoUCwbqsqxC8EScwefwEbNFFKSGAPlWlLWLpKFNmhfPpFxPMTZhRIgQoQFDxkFlRwbG7fwp4XQEQhnUXD76tets2P7doerx2cTv1u2aU+OQqVwklB4maZSHWnMBWgBnoVOv6FABD3TodadeyIlAE+zOnXqkMeFYKAiFAAwgwRWRHmxcXEgCl/q5KljV69deP313vyIQGKCzdPiq6orXJKbt2xYuHC+Hi90dVdF+g+r8py9AKAUSwLHcPSYUS7paIRRIeB+ffsdPXJ01uxZhAm1/QK/QkIIE2XJuUlICeEF2qMUscs/+OC9smXKgARsrJUrVuGsU2n4uzt6QCNYZfVBDkHH9G2cbi7JLilglrqc1ctXdO/U+ZsJE4cPHTbus3HwbLxWwSBM+j+dfHUvCxw7eoyMW9UqVdB/IAQah1fGjBq1adPGTz75uG692tg2DEEFz8jhw9av34AzUK9+Xb0fJg4qWFBqKWgGmaG82bKB/CxUOHeOHFm1X7t0q1Orrr9P0IhPPn1/0DvjRo1+tedLOzdvnTTxa+iBeIMIXvwKNCg2qDC1PgTf4u4jWxhFUM1XQ4YMgeaJb7GNCEeCOB+eHhY8oVAqgkVe0QncBzzEdUQIyECoebJppOqEo/kEWnaWsgRyGCVPaHbp4rWFPy2tWrXmmNGff/TRJykIgD+WIjIcwUKoGnkIO/Or6ziBRJ1btGgxe/asFSuW9enTG3H068TuzlB2cHDJr4Jh4sDyIichD/lK1vp3paUun3FEkTAUJGGVshCP+yayx9KSYJ0QhSyetnVHWaNysB1LyA1WniwqzfhKlLpoQa7M/a6usAR9wjkio+kKscufInOJDLM5zdPT4u5mof6sYYOGXbuSIHiaGMafnNV6P8qSuTBHqgoQ+swRg71YsWIYEwzKpFB7sJ+QLIYCZdvghIAEhZUREdEUYAOpEl9uChuADTbwLGlDnM3H30/Fi11d2IoQl5hwIyTE3exh9vZKTLaZzB6u7q4EMBG4AIBo4HU9difm8/0An6GNLsTdkpO8vH1dvXyd7uYA/yAXVfCodnmJmQ+cf4sqJQZz4eRRU6q9ZIniy5avnLtoSazVydYbcYxkQYXzoRkxF3jOAQqEpb29VLBn+/Ztx48fXr56hckvsEuPF1Ld3a5ev1zhiTLlnqjww6zZeQsWpMyPMrawqHCKsUCsdgqhEojYXkhMOZdQVgpljPAhXo7b5+FhypEzGwFx1u3mzWvNmjWcPHnCwAF93xr4OnUwLLQYHw9yMTQ0iZkru6NjUxyqiCDJun/fbgpOG7ZqFBUVkT9/XigHe0N9uJkwQyEMPgUz3Av8UhuEYuj2XM8JX04dOeKzZ57uXKBAIUQ1mhh5TUEi7KgxmTJwHwTsP3qXDXp2p+uEryZC+a+8/FK+3Dn5XUZpLMSPobB1z66XX3u1TauWPmYPk1uKyeyitpMkO3bv3te7d7+4uMT33/sQzCtRYDJN/m76/kPHi5ep+Gq/3i4e7iZPz8bNW3h4eX3z7RSMPKTEvUvAQCwuIQeCPdiR6UE1u7l7mTyyBgUtX7GiZt06XgH+odGxTZq39vL2wzFu1LBhmRIl5PX0SjcTiCpSvEjzVs0+HvKhKTXFzMpZ3F1MbiPHjtl3YP/AgW96uLl6eqCVXZNdXBevWmd3N40YPcLb41daYnTOwGBcMrDvv/8+9g3qHEuCWGZ9VRjhSa7K3eRaoFDeb6ZMKFa29NEzp8LjYsZNnNCzz6u3w0PZWYrBLbPAg58wfvya5SuPHTpy9eLlvTt379iy7eyZMwgorFJ0M2KKaCjY5sJiwKXhoSovSHIWKF6628u9Ktes/+5Hw7wDg6AZuSA5MC9aWYwJblgIJC2BUtmJygUp8hCJIcjkk/0p165fypM3uF79Gj1fer5c+VIeLInpD0mRrrjI1FDyiT1Eh5A9DIsx8eqrL9eqXcPDbHJz56hvPn9fRQoSxM2QH+WSPuW5rLVu+qRfaJkX/gx7RBFEeA7SyQMSRiZo6e995bG0JMRQUO6PtvUZVU35AmsjYoWoMiuExconQQLRSWJYZPqSEflEE4u2gI5xN1HebPqCOKhCQrdipxcqVBBhRdgc8FDzuK1sfM/0uLwoLi+CEi1LEh2dB+XJKSgoPaxa6kAZizQwARge8goRctoQzycEDbesXLkSBhYRj54GVHBC7DE+NsbEsbsuqX4+3tRVZA/OwrcoHvBJh6JFhDGkbkAYI73d/b/OS4w5AMCB27Vri4s90T01ydvXVPqJcsr8d3VlOhImEebM9CVAMuvp309XEWgXRJILGxpr1qwhPoGElKR/CWvJn0oYKLVi4XcesAZ4ZeasWcePHF31y895s2cnkj575txateq90P1Z1xSbl8V05/Yt4jdB/kGuqWk0KUgmlovYZTqkKiQUjLTiKzwYmSB4BkKUYfYcOX75edGpY8dTk+1mV/fFixdLEXim566/yFRgCoajN++UZNdk67HjR3fs3JU9R+7qFWtWqljt9Knz1BqS53Zxdbq5uzBfzB0ulA2RDIBnInCTpMCIRR86dGDu3JlBWQJM2JkmVI672ax+RODPDyR+8IlID/iL5Pgws4glpO9TIsOEK/LkzTt4yIeIceECjVwVvX3y8SfQ8+RJk5ig/iKLXrlq1SXLlsAV8q9xgwZXLl5u3qTpHwEsio2EKd4kLPa7xjT1UpzGgcP9yccfUz0zf/58fHH83d91TzOBGViSIAfiLn2HLDQ6W1dFyHQvs8e2rRv3792ZPUuQKZ1bDa4wIIhrQmPgk+AZwQmkCiEEHRiwR+dE/okfIHaoFwZvLDFyhlQdY0EYtKHBqdOn+/V/4/3BH06ZNnX5qhW79u3BQIGAQRH2BO31haBz6Iq4AsZE08b1q1ep4OVhmvjluOaNG7C9+o/wwIzogSgIYMjvcQvOMeOQUaQVUMMYNNh2yFgIlXFxojLn5GRiLTL3ikS1VWgtNRXIWbjM9fNve+uxtCQ0GaEyF1RxS0CC8hZCXsT9eE40DCGOKIfo0SVSZ/6A5CUKlU7gKEmZYyvQMzF5oW+0IzkP6JhcBkmN8V9+WadOPWISnTt3Jn71gKvO0JgssArnxsA5sCiSHYEisQFsf/7E+8RwIUDNWDy32qwiSj/66GM0wvjxqjH5EcL1FCKAMXb3hYeELF300/BPP9qwdnVMeNjlC+fELRAtLhiTTCT7APkT9FJGKk52pvEJF5H1LFep9qCB78aGhl48fXbhwuXdXnwV4Jkm7ohE4x9Q8srrLNakSZM5/1+Ch9RkXbx0iXgmE5QwFQ0kYAByICexk6jT0txxN2Qo8kuV11gTd21Yt37F8qRE2/lzF8+cu3zs2P4pkyccP7yfnbFbN2wypbrj++J1oXohOWQ0gVxEJ4Uy+HzYlwADfUIPVE5IfILVZGhCGpi88dGxXdo+M+y9we++MYCid+T7g8ckJK4g68jc2cC3etHPbdu2qd+02e49+wJ9gzp1fDY4W662bamH4FjDhO07txC3x1AGCYSgMFhBDlhCZLNPUlQCPwS1a/f2/fv3bNi49uzZU/Pnz5aDGDJNDPfPF1gz8DjUSMmkBPnS+3BMkADSwYMH2JYirCo9q7MWnc4vv/zi5InjqJ/0io2tN5u3bMySJcA1hWCi+kekwj2VSNyfiUQRAuLDgJx7Jy62slDyqNGjIQa0XcsWLf6upA8zZWhwnp5BACM9MERr2EgR4Osd6O/rkuJ0S5flATDZeoaBC5ViUhBjgCAlIijUIvo7/dTErkXCIN/4StJ/2MS79+7dfWB/3zdfr167VuMWzTt37bp0+XKyZmzwwWjI8INh4q+rIex2bD2gCvTzdndJ8TT9IcJlKZkybMjrMKkWQnNH+xI/IA0Bz9Ih51JgXFK7A/XeP0X9Uy2ZEWYWG0cxBylQS0+T/xRIf8+4whiP14Wn9fXXX2NN93v9tdFjP3WmqJz37JkLq1VtiJqXGBpkR00ZSosLspMYRuYvbaMZfew6dKRQmfJvjxi5bc8edIDs/2H/FbbLyy/2HDtytDo4xmbr3a9v1hyqlkcKFzI/rvYmPZCMYCxcB7J6SHxcIvwzso+YBVgqcngcRgzFgJjnFDEVLVPqqQ7tD544FmOzfj5pon/WQPa5gBxS4BIhJPLfqGFLH+8s30+b+eYb75QtXWnMmM9xp6jQxNsg8sb5M14Wn1bN2m7dtud2RHSjVm1zFSt+7c6dB5yLvH7uyvWS5SpZfIKq121EhDNBRQTsjIg3jAJDm1IN9yAD0ZvkgFkXQrjYdvAtNSIYQwhNtlRoBxL4UVuHUYh2B7HUoDFrSndJpWOlYUAgnkQa+vgH+AZldzf7rt2ya8P2XX5BOXLlyYtiY784iQysN3K9aA4kLEhG6iFJoQGWHv1HEhQ/lYozeiZFBUjkLxCLAIYcZCGAhzovgGEszF/ZjviAFZfy25hSByPWYZHipfu+3n/K9z+GRkTJby5wngYlop5eXsXLlPIJ9B/4rvolKiIlaBcMHVK/FILhOaE8eJ2UEDZo7rwFXM2+z77wSrtOz7mbfXr06vdkq9ZMnAkSEniQ9frLdwk7gyKqqu/lJlF7Err7y34edgOJP4FJrDFSjRQyP+wRjf4fDwywv0ftU05esWRZtUqVswVlQYDL2eSPB/x/BeVj+aviYpyq1Abpf1xnTrgly+Hixt5oF7e0X8PDzhI7XQxbGj9QBhf/XIXIXVj2+MQEN5OHj4fKwomVLfFVT7MFeeai/eYvDi9nPHmRrNPgfEAPWwLvar5aVgX1gKrgU/SceAzMTp+mgidVzRfcSHIWPCTExKKkJR8paKFoLjIyil/6IYBBybomiJU4lt7oGXxSZZHikupwUQXhHKufxdeHepMHt2ETbEkurm4YfBQN5Mmdm1yku6uqw9AnAngPkuCQohmmyUTABnqd3uTHEvlTKAEHF89bnDxBCPfwtjTjCeEfjAnwwLk3N26FbNmy+cL5i199/RXbZHJmz2Y2uaP1eQvTgRo9lK78Tg9IFqdZyI8OyX8xNZw/HrJkaGsp8RHikVUjuAWQ6H6Jl4hfm2k8i7EIqeBuCtlQHUAtiofZQ83XCUGqjBVjhUaEHz5yJDh79jKlS/taPHmL0gdygpKLAX4gQYVL5C8mLmHX7t0YrBzyxWmGJM5cUxwQCrPDispcBdJ9zhGkEWwnqINl8+ABm/scNBPNdIOGY0gI4JFKIOCfiX4e31egGQH+QQj48Z3+H0GuDrdwSYWtXn7pJbW9vF077HjRSg+oHf4luHosLQlhV6WkOaJci2Vq+k/tB8MzFONJFIluRoh0zjTSIQLFGyoFnuxhMiFYEc2ikiXvrmSuqqPGrCE078q+NE5WxZKQER9kaCal86RMjXF5iBoQvShaRxhYV5+iBmR0tnErPKhK77QGAo+GRSL5Kluhx0vFNKFzelY5UfSNRuyqQw0DeLiZRqP+IokGzcpRlX7q6E/tC5mOlllQ6h8tmOmBRH3Sif4pOExvUGagExlLpxxy4fjBhC6I+vA8LDSU4qyeL71Ur15dcX0FmYIrgkCYHWQBMCNkaHlOGy2rokrDZJnERhHzRSar239iw+lh6gcxfMVx13vTOMQOrgmLY8ABCN9yEA4T0IakxkNF9cGX0A9Qyd4W0dk66gSB2p+qe9k7oFPjgxD5Xy4044k1o9HMbyrpFDOmM8v+squH2kAEAtE19gWQdiSlJfuD/p9cYsGLV/P/ZMr3OU3tV1ydU7/77t133uHcKowJb+pbNRn1IILuPkd/BM0eS0viEeDl0Qyhu8gPVQo/mrn8Z0bBsiFSApN/N+17dgbio2Pb1KpVA/+SAyQyREoQneQsSFhQAc4JIpTFiNHwn8HGo5kIChhe4HxDEkNgmBM8/P19OXIIQ5ZYB5uUc+fJeyc0jDYEPzAdKBvixIaAAH/KOXbu2JElazbOGXMzWTgUkV3fpPAIkMiuATk1gbAKth2RPEw9jCTuZcsVNxxPyQljbNAVw4szy3NkD0a+cyIF9QZEcTg1iHMMVHmQtsHSx9eHcw2wwog8Zc2a5cyZs9g2WuTGX36CkntKEEhdkSFCZ/BQcMi7ojPECwIMs5uDsmgugIiKiPby9U20KRMQDKTVHbu726w2zDb8FnDiR5lCqiMhMZ7ADBEsby9vGnOGB7tMc+bKjWEXGRFJz74+Fs6O1g4vT6IN0GXLkUs7xzOWexwhomjR0XHiCIEfInMA46eikmzkclV13FZb9pzZOCYfe9HXz5cGDBceFh4cnJUnHNvAcdR58ua5feuOzZoMuYOZbNmzMdMUTGinQ+0kdXHhgPV8edljrCw/Xic/i1HF3L093SlniY6Kio6JzpkjJ7kgfmtWCjmZpo+XV3hUFBu7dCwxI1DEirBY9MAK4tlnDfK/efmilzelpR4EGzml09vP79rV657e3qQGAYbRna6pOXLm4Gcy6IHd4IEBgV7uppu3b8GgRYsU4TSrM6fPEENWi+LqCjyQE1/ZnG52W0KQn5e32Z1Rrt+4afbzyxoYxLG48XGx2bPnUAfL2x2MS9QZ0tJKTEw8opASQQEZ4CvERIdzFmLx4sU4Kk15RtS/m705/iMsNGzp0mUNGzbIli2YE1ShHACjcpn/sdOKPXVEk3PnyePn738nhB/1oA48mV8cvXXjVnBggL9fwJ2wUAgyMCiQWLJyCNic6FAkBPYgSJO7Kz8+5ePrC6mwUqCRXSUq1ZZkz5U7d1RUJEeK80quPLnPnb9EM3912Fc0W1xUbFurKgsLC2VpWC9oxcK+Iz8/qtaoF6bwXMjyT6SBYUk8GlH5+6PobrFhwv+Ty/DbsbVIDWzjzoFSKoTgkkrqBy8cWcafGWL4SDeksCQRECvUr0gY7N8znccCEgl1oMNQeDBFluBgTliKj08AeLXxRjtikH1GqED0DWaEOjnKkWrl52ZURswtb95c6oAifjQ+NhbVyLZVfm8CUUuaBo0ukRVRz5QHoYYlUEQDzmxt2KxlREQkRS5exDO9PBGdLDN7QPkrLi4WdZc9WzAhNBJPPj6+VOOqUxqT7WzYYQjsGC1p5sHGWkwZ3gU2TrOg9pbyLMJUjC4bsyXFhiJkUNltq6ZsNrP7mXNLVKYJzWS1+np6QkXASUteQZGYvb3j4mPj48iIqVNqPNlOlaLqvqnDEBUbEROFmSWH76H10VruKW7hd8KKFS8aFhaBduT0zqAsqjfa0F4MCO6lPpEbPgHAzeIdExvLxFGrRAr5UULOx8iaNSgqiuO2smgUnsqKsIU2Kio2R47gsLBwjOwSJYuKQSaVPeydZsuXOtIMc03hxNPk4cYQLATfciyYit26mtXeKFfXgIAgionYg+zj60kb8MMocJCaOL8EY2VrsQcrzg0I4QkxP76SbSacCBkYFKRFzlSwymwxY0SCgcDAIBbl+vWbuXPntMYlsC83JjomV+6c8fHWtWvXFCldInu2bPEJ1pjoKBY4wN8fo4Qfz7GYTXnz5L15KyRb9qynz10sXqzY8SOH8ubJXbhg/stXrmDhkcgjlRkTHa0O8nEzBfr4qZ8n0k63A8OpHu5xiTb0NFHHY8dPFiqYP3/O7NcuX0Wda4YjKUL3iPgYP19VC0W8ht9LP3XyRMnCRThEi06x8JAw/IqKu5eZ34/ixFI//wAMwZ27dsQmJpYqUaJY4SIMtmXTJkq93M0WfnmVU60qV6oEqRw4eBgDgg1NEB70cO3qlaLFSthsid7evhy/FxoaprbL2h1FChfgMHHyKZSp5sufLyE+AYKnwAszBcsSK5efiQJFBQvmCw+P9PPDjHPExkVDuuqcIe1YgXtjgRkEi2FJPBaS1gDy0WFAS0C4cmShkskkMnG5VOJMleZIEUN6UMS8kCilqIf/TOLz0WFcc9N1x13Dv0pWijmmkkGqbp8cX1p6SHYP0YiwAYeA4EbjBCv8a0lGLWeXIm1kXSQbolvtYkbIMiGL1XkBWn4U31nlbNhEqv3IOIOp4ijWXm1/wPHmT1dVCKU941bCDFpyhwgWpKKSVtS7UH+KkiYsIfJXEkY0llyb5LZkshxFSb96Ioxe8U1lCnr6kkIlgVyBp/3uNWpJje/Gtgy1t1n78teNJAx490wmxlJYVYPaVWWMulcZYaxkTp9Kw7m4/lzYSDRlCAYS/ccXHMiBzy/2HOcrkCfVOlR/asYZWUit3DU1Bcgxs/hJdtUX9Wvk19TWa6aftogycWV2qHVxUzukmEgaGoWn0vbF0B/6Vjgrgyus8JC2ZUYjD61zZbirXyJQmNFKvdRXGJZUMmlw/rqxRbkFqSQcXTFEtEkxEOSjJssfqh/yfeqWGdEMR59G6sD0tBQkA0CKyXZ3V4UijeXVWT00AwMael3VtyBQezMt8edu0n680YnOVqlqBIh2tDrWjwAvONRe95DiYUDif0yDLDkEoG3AkYIqlURPW1NJX2ow85LGIOotLCTiJJyHIuejQ+ZqibVREGjyy7cmxSgKPEUboMvdjUNxmIugDvvMy9OLH/WjDZaT0C2N/zzfalgSwtTGZWDAwICBgQfFACcucMoTORp26xihqQfFpvH+44MBw5J4fNbKgNTAgIGBfzcGODuEo8Q5TQR/7r9RSffvxrcB3b8FA4Yl8W9ZCQMOAwMGBh53DMg5XZLFMCyJx301DfjvHwOGJXH/uDJaGhgwMGBgwMCAgQEDAxkxYGxXM2jCwICBAQMDBgYMDBgYyDwGDEsi87gz3jQwYGDAwICBAQMDBgYMS8KgAQMDBgYMDBgYMDBgYCDzGDAsiczjznjTwICBAQMDBgYMDBgYMCwJgwYygwGpUZcrM+8b7xgYMDBgYMDAwH8FA4Yl8V9ZyUc7D/a5ccCt/ktRj3ZwYzQDAwYGDAwYGPgXYcCwJP5Fi/F4gXL27NmvvvpKfgrcuAwMGBgwMGBg4P8tBgxL4v/t0mdm4npGg58v2rt3Lz+HmJlejHcMDBgYMDBgYOA/hAHDkvgPLeYjmQoZDa4dO3ZwMDA/mvznP+vySCAyBjEwYGDAwICBgX8SA4Yl8U9i/7EbW+or+TW5VatW8RvB8kOCj90sDIANDBgYMDBgYOBvxIChBn6DTLxt0ZQqjM8vzzpTHLakpPhEG78bn5iY9lz72d9710B+C1iP/2s/D6v18x/a3QB+MB1OnDhx/Phxshv8gPJ/aXZ/I18ZXRkYMDBgYOD/DwaM3934da31nQjJNuvNK1eOHj+2e8/e6zdvOPjNefXj7uby5cu3bduWT7QpmxcyuONiScybN4+bvHnzlitXLkuWLCaTSX4J/r9BUqCIOQ4aNOj777//5ZdfGjRowNSY439jdsYsDAwYGDAwYGAgExgwLIlfkYbKT05O3rdvX9idkGwBgW++/8nJ8xftDpuXKTnQ1z8xMQnToWzZslOmTClSpAjqE2MiPcZRsRcvXnzmmWdu375dtGjRDh061KhRo3r16uja/4wlYbfbrVZrpUqVChQoQIKDeYETI8GRCcYzXjEwYGDAwMB/BgOPZXYjfURdAgmEASSV4HDYSSakcpuWWFBfof+0r1Tm4k8uyfoTsU+0Jad4+U6ZNW//kTPhoZGxYfFXLl2jwHDw4MHHjh378ssv6UQ3I/TRN27cMHz4sKxZg9u0aTfhy4lhYVHTvpu+aeOWhATSImmZjr+kGwV4SgqTSnGm2JOSL549t3H9+pjYaG0+admTezvRJuvitNuZeYoj2SVFzTdjYiXVRXXhkmp3OKwJiTcuXL55/bqOOGdqCv/+HDkAhqX12WefRUVFtWrVSswjHQ96KkcBr11/OdlH2UCv8BDYfhe8uzjT8KRQCbb4r/bvDy6VBNMyYsaVAQPpEa6wpHHfHyX7hHhkUf5XlP7aJyzggIpZEbVwklqUnv/B1RHw0m+WTp8G5fnfxSk6DnWRqE88vYS82+wucrRkLhj7o6XJHOqkt8yld5Hfd/+pRUSasH78n393u4WWMq6poFFXBI9g0dNj9XfkbeYQ98dvZYKSRfEJvT1sMfW4xiSEUIQPUWnpqdbDwwTW+CT/gKaz25NpdvDQoWpVq4r37OFh/t31Ss94uo6kK5QlFwMlJCSUKFGCsATuuNmc1gkNcNMnTZo0ceLEkiVL1ahRMzhrtn59+yTbHdu27Vq/fl2PHt3KlCnh6kYAI1UD6U+tGTQ6I7q43rx+Y+Wy5bNmzDh97lzNunX69OmTK1eurFmz8Ek4JENCwWF3wFnRUZEb1q4+f+Z0ocIFn+rQxdfXN33AIMWhpIXTJXXlsmWH9+zfsGZNZGLCs127Dhg00NfPDy4lY+P+2yiLDqgQMUjYv39/48aNs2fPzmESHh4eIvf5lq9AsqCXJzabjScA8HdzU+b700tYAAyCAeYMOATtMB7fmkzuDmcSa+Xubja5303c/Cb89CsYSUkqUoWB5enp+Z+JPGUey+ne1M01CETIA4IBV5CHm1vGZB8EI7QqtKStwv2mzITwtB1FKWYPs9IorkoXaRlIZemKiPhbJnX/nejCBArhrfQ8C6DAA7FJb/dGN+9/lPQthUnFjhdOpGe50Ylfgoiaiay0NeIRKwLSdlP4EcSrK3MApH+LEekHvkBOCv7/h8jlXctPm46DLDIiRklOV2UokE0FeB5mgJOJQ0XQmOSdZbi/ZS5/hA3dkkgvZh/GiEJLsqz33396YtCYjkV+iFzg/sknnzw43TziHsQABKeXL1+ePn06yjUwMPDatWsTJkz47rsfTp854Rfgtnvv5uLFSrq6eEREhkybNnXIR0POnj3j5+8VnDXI09PnT4hDJ0HdOpFV5Dp06BD1Ad9++23BggV1loNnhg4dytDlylaaO2d+82ZNs+fIliVrENmPbMHBMKmXlydcwNELUq7457iCZ+Lj4r+a+NXgj4ecvXKxxysvd+7ygsnV18NkDgsLv3zlYkxsFKNnkMVJ1sRlS5Z88smncxf8bHW6zVqwOHu2LGzR/A3lpbqm2B1zp//42ZixrZ5p3+Lp9rXrNYiOjV++dEWBfAWzUdIBbH8gQ8ScAiEfffTRhQsX3nnnnVq1aqWnabEerl69evLkyS1btkybNo0EEOvyiAnjT4YT0TZkyBBSM2h9ETcZBLFIhA0b1o3/YvyuXbsbNWrsruu8P8AMmax27dohMUlj3T+T/3vQ8vAgEZqBZUaM/HT48OFOZ3KlyhXgJPQCdkKGcWEu9hWPHTsWoxxL/d7V+RM4RWLGxsbu3Lnz5q3rJ04cO336ZFjYnZw5c8Amsih/yXcPAw8ARvRu+fLlY8aMqVu3rp+fn4wiwuTGjRvdunWrWLFiQEDA/ZtNfwKnuDQ//vjjjBkz5s+fnydPHqq1dOOeEZGWu3fvPn369JUrV2LCQ4KCAhJio48cOkAyNy42mpiRHA/zt5Axw7EieFysaVBQEJD8L3PEZMAYdI2JCbt+7fzli6cunj/htMYdO3wgLiYme85cKZqpkIEjwXZcXNzmzZt/+uknmFEK1B7qujPHw4cPT548mZvChQsL6v4W7N27yswFIcPz+7cGxP6gNL579+4UtEFmDxUbafEiPTjzWNwIK0ZHR+MfwxtY/dBQ8eLF33777dCQiK1bt+TKk7dd+6ccjoSoqNCmzRq98+6gRo0b/LJkYbFiRZ9+pu1fzpHOsYX5d/v2zWXLl54+fWrvnj0H9+3/6MPBRQsVtlmtifEJxA6S7UnoJyRg9uw5AwOzHDp41OlIIQLCkmuegcNud544cWrggEG48kIK+tASTZE4pFz8KTGoV156JTAwqFjxEtdu3Y5PIrSREhEWp5I2Kak7duwcMQKhnPaW5oepa9p305o0blq4SLHtO/fsPXhs/qLlmzZtIoKSvn/KRr+b9G3+HLn4JEoT70hKcqRcunz9xx/mTJ08/cSRUym/2XfyGyQBG4YCmR0//8B8BQpjfwC9eD/Jyfb4+IQTx0+uWL5y5MjRfn4B2bJlw95iUf4Sz4+ygYQcMDdbtmwJtQjw8pkeDCUdjhw2W8xvv/dOfGIiiCKSQz5Ib0MnaplSUlh7u9N54dKlLFmztWrdxmpLojdZVllHqnT5x1I5iNCqnUDcpCTxvvoKSkmh8/Srr2haIxJFOhpgScmqTwlR3qWQX8FmFL7SvlUTkblooKmAsIKc3rRPNZzWWCYrjfkK2krWHqq/oTCAhewd9hT+n5ykEmV2VW1MI+7VjT0jiQjMfIAUbsCNYJR/jHz82Ikypcvx5bvvvW22eISG3QaXzpRk4V+BhC1RwBYeHr5ixQqk/+jRo/lTQ4JCmo5AbqB/+tfZ5df8ZWoqnURERGzctME/wN/kYerf/82nnmrlH+D34w/f2axxAKBxl+qRzpOS0wBg7gDrhMEE49o/BbyWjJAHMjsNRepT1lc1UF8pKaE1pg+FKiEMcKCCf/TqSDl39vyQIR+bzZ6HDh5CMsgUVGOn4+vJ33iYzT/9/LNiJUUkCgQmnoEg7+URfa2FuwUqQeYbb7yB2ggJC8+Zp0CJUmVjlZhSYGpEp1A9fvx4vHZ8jCMH9tmTEiPC7jzTro2/j/fwTz86c+Z02kxZO/as8U+bgtZBGvLVvDRUKPqBcu7SkowOyzN3RtIoxYEROWrUSKz2uXPnChnL1NTsVcdOpCTLrHrJcKl+1b/Y6MiXX+zh6eHqYzbXrVaLz2xBAd9NncRuOohSI+1URpKlSUpKWLZsUa9XX8ZzQ1glJalQtI6cPxI14MbpSFaf9iTywurekRQXGyUzTyPTdCJaFkjwiRdB1bmPj88PP/wADIpmFJelsUASKXItya7EhCKTjBdPhbhAtRIyiqJUNwolilgVWfEkKdlqdyQpElMShWkrXtY4Xg3Hwshz2si6KVrlIzUVAWW1Jw96/12zp2XeggUicBSZKfgV9xN55R8rgyK7S+eqUw2dDK/RAP9gQ0bRywX+AJWPZZ2EkAjWd4sWLapWrQpvLFmyBPVAHYN/oFfNmrWnTJqaEMfSuh44tG/zpm39+r6RJSi4RfOnli5d5u8X9Jf+BzHRFKfb1i27Pvl45OKfl/+yeOVrr/Zp2rTpF198ER4RUaVS5Tlz5oB9vHQX19SNGzey/ot+Xly+fBlcIJOHu0RxCaKzSAEBfgQSRDimN1cl6KpDIjzGnwvm/7R6zbpGDZusXrkqd7bsnu4mqCswi7cK6bmk5smT29PTK/2LEBRm+Ofjx5ssnitWraxcuWKpkkVXLv/lyJEj69evxyXShzhy9MiiZUsqVK/apdtzrLqniztxwAL58pQrV9rs5XHrzu34xPg/wQwz+vnnn1Nc3Ud//oXF20vLZCo5FnI7ZOfO3RMmTJwzZ158XMLWrVvR1oiz/8UF+csF+RsaAD8g5cuXr06dOu+++64YOhJoSd87T8qUKUscEFYlzcEEbUlWPVQD5iU4rIxClb11yZs339FjR+fOmaPRjJK59mQnHhVyRCotNMmi2NOWZEPOaA9VlhcZobtVwpvKW2WLkKs7PO6S4pJsc7i7evAEp1rpvyRlVQCvEhR3s553Y9c85231laaPlG2hvcWNkjhiauDNiMoROtR6sqtP7XJxdUMsIdmdLq7c4PvQEW/Hx8aOHTMGAYkPeI8fqDCH1aGS1sia5GRi2Ep1aRcjHjx4MH+B/JSRvPfuB8uXrciaJXtqiptLalqIVdCorP/QULzhmjVrMh2xtjWdrOQrgIqpomaAYaap7Htz5F5eXuyTql2rjq+Pb+5cuT/7bNysWbObNmnW/403586ZbbMm2pNs9IRZBDYgfrEagFktvwa5KiVOTHz7rbdoCX61pJ1SDihATdErIAAqLZuHqAYMrZwGiBQrAxZGfzJuRBL/2Pyl1WmkFC1apH379sS/AgKDnMlJSYmJbmpIhfCXXnp57749zZs3Y4O5skPSzEL6oJ1KiPzuJdZDWhcaAjWqUMkjDAVUWv369X18fRcu+nni1xO9PD2lE0lzgKWnnnqKP+GCIiVKubh5ePn4RUTHLlz8y6B3PyhRvAR0oZkJSnGkLatGw2KbshbJCjmKuhTBpKYk22xCtwIVBEYHEARExSzZvMZy6HawBGPUwmpVSNhzjOLqooyojDNV6Rb1z9c/cOSYz1zcLXUaNVm9deulm7fqN242cMBbUZHhqQCpgHUS7pUFcnN3a9WqZZUqlbS5kpokj5YW/vmzQE6qa6qbe4qLG3EOB3zu5m5LiJs4/nMgvcsZaVJa2ERQDZ4vXboUHBzcrFkzYLDZrJqCVrzG0FpORnWWpFk0YvLeCwNUoShKGZ2YMg6sSDxTNRXFzW5KSKS4KOuT7BP/UlwVRA7+g0DRbDFVDAQaYGGYTgX7MDx4BTqiXogOtdoSl/4DBm7cvKldu7aQMtSLBQZ9KczA56kmVoCGvEh7EUJasAd21taFZLirVp3yZ6ViaTN7LC0JZrt9+/b33nuPPZlKgmpOCVoTeyLVBZFhb9GyWY3qNd1cPZx2Fd5cuHAhr8THxxNyJ87zl3oJEcAy1KxZHZVDyqBVqye/mDB+2+5dJ86eGfzJRzan/ZPhw74YP15z5OzEG9ihUatWTS3X+JsLBibgT+YlR44cYl6k/1q3HvSHFB8MHjK4VOlS3303NX+BAhLBwzTRFR7RS2x8vR96OHXqFI6Ip5fXDz9OL1igAGE/TPIpU75FoOATgCW9cyolCW+ShfH29tajx6CuXPmyZg8PgmAnTpz8I8zQDPuATSs1a9Zo07qVaqb0ClrBhTxonty5P/983A8/TP/44yHFihYVG+J3mecvMf8IGvTv35/tOaSoBMh7I37urqlZ/L2t8bG2hJhfFs4PvXXNkZQogIE3FnTlypV3bt8yucHBThj71rUrd27fMLsTj4qPjQy5c+vS7RsXdmxZb7cluqU4PCAKp92WELt14/pFP8212+JcnDb+uaXY3VzSMuXSszIuncmREbcuXzgZF31n5fKfbl8/j0JHv+NghEfcXr9+5b59O2PjonXNwZnlISEhxIGR9dEx0bRxpsQlWkMPH9plt8VfvnD65rXL9qR4R3IC5ua2bdvST/bamSMbVy52d7EjpZAU+DQRoVeTrJE3Lp+6ceV0VNh1pyM+PjGq50svbNm6gZ7tDisAZlygFDt4cHEmJcREnjp+6Pa1i2hkJsy/hITYS5fP37x5DaJFx9SrV0+mqdMG1Es+An+A+FlMTIzQJFxMrHHl8mWXzp12Q804k90ZNMVx5fLZdRuWpbhYldhXkk5Fv+9lN2ib4ATSwGKxvPLKK2ir+fMWubqYMPFD7lxfsfKXC2dPpjptrJozKfH29cuhIddvh1w7eeqI3R7fp0+vW7ev37x5JT46PC46/Na1S26p9gtnTly/csFuT0Tsu7urKM+d0Jtr1yy+cPZwSrLTLQUScO7esY61PrjnwPnTp5HVd25fWLf256ioa5FRN1NS0ZggxOXO7dCQW2ePHNoeHXEbLeHqdDG7mvx9PEGd2R3bynH+9HEwyUkt4ATB8ieMIFYadAgZC96UG+p08iJqGzkTduNy2aL5GtWtAeowG9GRem9Zs2blHgUHk7IupCnxvho1asQCKSvVxRX9Gxt68+juzZdOH062Yw8pjRIbF3Xt2mXsliMH9jiSElIdNlC0Y8sGciJ0JZwOGMp23Ln59MGdKUmx4IHl9CHNfPfC06NoXQVKVe2aIz42etvG1dcvHE9JDP+jyTIvMaqyZc8KF/j5+7733rvYTtOmzIiOjo2MDImIvA3lkr9mESMjojF3vTz9CIjEJ0SdPXfs4sWzUMKfCyJrXPS5E8dCrl9JiIlCVycnxo//4ouZM2bZiWkk4yv+xt8TcYFcHTZsGK4a4Mm+PIunKdmeePTYQWiDyVGX4kxNRgefPX96+/YtVlsCxvm9c4Sx3dxN2G2RIddSrJHnju0+uHcnALgQLkxKjIuKCLl53WFLPHZov9ORBC+wmjcvnLh0ZLsr6++K6ePusFtvXr5gT0qwxcVcPn8GmyrVkXzt8snzZw7CvFCvycU1OCAod/ZgZ3Kie6odsXPt0vljh/dFhV91dbETHEzln9O2f8+G0NvnXAjJ2JwujtT42Iijh7dePn84OuI6neBOmahLuYfdMs5ILNzH62IJSTGWKlVKImZQMDoSFYtW+3DwO1euXHDiFCTEJ9uSYmPj69VrgB9PbQF0nGhNsFoT/mSyEu2gQy2sZNOC0NiXKqSU7LDbIC67PSIqsnyFJ3Lnznno0AHCRM2bN3+ifIVz585pgXDlyWDQq1i2M4Xw18iRI8mSSkBSdatdmIUoADhffEQRDczlu+++K1y4yMGDh2JiYvUosexDUa85U8ggfPP1JDFB5C00Yv78+UfjNZIltRGtUuMTuoJvAWzNmjX6ZKtUqVaqVBmSlxoIalJiR/MH6Ykvx0+cPn1GBpifblAAAI1tSURBVMxo4KqIGuT+6SefBAQFr924BYiV56rBoJwMAs5a/JMbxfkqppcWbP93EhWyr02bNkhSVkeLRv66zyUNqw579uAs7737dp1a1X29PT3c3Sd8OZ7pIsK+nji5Vq26FStULlqo0Jb166GyjwZ/kCdPrldefeX61fN1alb0Mns8/1yHooXy8F6BfHnjYmMwNi+cO1uuTOlPPhpSq0a1fn1f7dzx6R+mTyUYnJgQKyMKVQDJp58Mtri7dunUulSpfFiMvl7uWzevsjtt6zasyZY9uEnzlhUrV0dZnjl9bMu2LZ7eXthzI4Z9nGSzhoaGvfXWW6VKF+8/4LUixfI2b970nbcHeFk8vD3NX034/PW+r5m9vbwD/JevXO50JKY6E7asX9m4do3WzRr5e1m2b91y9dq1p9u3DfByHzN8SMnC+YN8LcUL5rYnx1WuVN7XxyvQ3y9XzmxHjxyAZjKsKW6p0xq/bcO6EkULP9u1i7e35xtv9oMo4uJiChUqiOj3MJty5syJxtKJX9GMFlOhpIaMJOlbOBcaxgIgUNyrVy+2T/v7+VWuWCEhPo4CoIT42BbNmvTq9UrZ8mWrVC1vt9sU12vx9gwXbFW6dGk6YYlpQ4GCh7u5WZNm0VFRb77Zz9/P58UXuwX6eXd8ui2s/NGH7+XOkf2DdwZVqVzBz9fL0wKk7lmzBPh5+37w7gdlShYtX7bYyGGDPdw8LB6WBT/NTLbHof5Wr11SoVKZRg1r+nmb161es23Ttg7t2ntbPMYO/TjQbM4VFBQXE1m2XPleffoXKVaUApHk5MSt2zZ7eXtRYJQ/V1Zfi6lZo/qJcbGJCYktmrW0mE2HDu5b+NPcurVr5M+b57VeRObVhY+ki4uMCE9xJsTFvPHG65hKPXu+RLZxzty5oPTo0aO8CDIpSgjw8d68bjXNtLSE8i71C0MNU4Ok8Mljx6lAnz1vHjFwFbEnuk/Mx2Ff+NNsb5Pb+wMHlilWtGSpYjExEZO//bp48SI+vp5vv/NWYIDf91O+XTh/br7cOVu3a12gcMHatWuDbYmZvfjiiwP79SuYK1eVJ8pt27KRbucv+InhMBa579q1K44cdnxYZFR4ZGTr1k91aNfW1+w+6pN3U2x2lQLU9t1o0u7XS3ynDp06RSfEx9usFHn4eHp++dnnn48dSw37hx++Gx0d/tm4MZ5e5mHDhhMMIlrs7e31zTdfmlg5Dw8iXmLrpF3SuxKniDHH+QtnalYq1/npp3NkyVIwT46YiJAxwz6ymNwIagQFBnw1YYKkGn99OyUFuY3qIYRG1QvYxp4D4SNHDitVuhj5O8LSd+7cVKwdH92nz2tdu3WvUKlS+9Yt4qJv3SsMySicvXCxZ88XAr09pk8clS/Iz9tiatu6WZItbOHPM2pULVf5iXJv9OvF0yEfvhN25/qAN157pnWrKiWK1qxeNSY+ft3GTaWKF/P39pw29cvcOYMC/Czvvt13xfKfAv28fL3Mw4cOdiRbz5w507JlK4vZvH3bpsTEOMRL2dIlixcrXKFc8biYCEey7dTJE6VLFOvx3ItZ/H0mfjHOGpsQGxn1Zp9XypUqXvmJJ7p1fdqenKjt6vvtqvyeZH8s6yRgM+RpkyZNdJ2K4JD9FD6+/sWKFlm99GeHLQZXEJ16/tzFEiVKI0iJ8Fy7dgne/iMNp8WpbLhuRGXRuJL3Eimvv0IDyGvRokXwLXWFNED9Q1Jw0YJ5c44d3h9559btK5dunDu7beVK7P0qVaqQ+tVfF4sBV3LXrl1U66SPVWI+Uz0Kk2OUqGjHXSMDaaCsCpzN2IRJk6Zs2bxN37IF90ric/HixRLnFJh5TskV8ghlqQ9dr16joMDg69dv0Aw/CXIHFcnKOkq+cf1mr16916xef4/YUkYPNu/ubRtz5cheuUa9BNu/q/ohE8YKyPn0008hFcI5rEX64pU0S8LpZCcwm3S+/vpr8lkoQj8/34iIsAUL5lWqXPHCxXOEHapXqZInR87YmFicQpPZ3Pv1vvEJCaguyJI4GfKOpWddyP2zHBwxQhoOb+zAgQOQTcOGDSkLuFvioMYULUvLPbv2ZPELKly46Ix5c4ePHu3j6VO/Tr24hLimLZoXLVYiJi5h3/7DZpPlvbffjrcm9ev/TnC2XMt++SXJamUW1O7NmjUrMjISt4nw9cyZMzmElGAYIHG/YefO3AXyt3u6rc0adf70gbrVKhCiO3/+PA2eeOIJtDhVw8DG5l6iF0S5UFSECqB2THAYTapD0jOC4MphTQy/fStncPDCn3+OtdoWr1qdLUdOtknzIqGFvn37gg0QrjLo6Sw2Maa5sHRZCEJx3GNYACopfBiZyBkAYGrTD7rn448/pgHQ0oBIgxgKvwOMw1G5cmWYEVbiKHfsRTohkLZs2TK00QcffMASoAZocOvWLRx6dAAN+D1b3sLy7tGjB9DCZQlxNgyabDn9p30/OSwssk6dRq3bPImhfvPm5SpVK8TFRSQlJ2IZ4MmQl1m6dClBx1ZPPvnJxx8jBNjANXnypARr4o7tu4cMGUahy7WrN7y9fDp16sSiY+2hhMLCwoCEwmRGBwOQ0AsvvMBCcOAbf1LHA4SrV6+WZHxGCk9xLF64oFTJEiAB1n1/8MdZg7Ohz2i8Z88epsl00L68KOmwDK+DQ9qQSKpTo2afvn3RzXgJSp448P7tCQnx5cqXeu21V6CNsWPG4ZrNmPEDRmHJUiXZCtez18utOj/98+JF3mZL967PQfx3QkOhGeQVrAQ2yOMwNJKNOZJ0ZhWQkCCHw/oIjoJkUp9AjTXD0kBv3OMIQQCjhw53Jtlx/DJYEiwxVEGDZ55u57AnhIfd7tDhGYpOzl24nGhNokMwBmFAablz53711VchUeQefIcxikjElULfg8l7LQlcQkRf7969nnzyScAAMEgLOgGN33zzDeWxdCtuRnoRLeYdy8euNELRgIeaYILYwdShs3YMR4kYb00Y/8Vzzz1PPVloeHixQgV/nPLV71gSVsoynKSzPT29n+7Qacq06YMGveXp6bFg4Y8hoZefat2S7AlYwgrHFCM6jhhhXQgeM0HCSJDTm2++6eXl3bFj5w3rN1StWgPMdO/e48yZs0gbSlwhcqj6ww8/BIFUE8Jl3FDYAXhdOr18+xahO2u16lU2bdrASs34YVqO4CzHjx6+ef1qmVIllSeekNC7d+/f2GF/Km0fy+wGvMcqkhnVAyyEodDBMHb3Hj0I+D7bpWuzRk3DQsPIXlPCfPDgfvgTaqYan3q6PwqmSRIBDkT3s6uTGAajSGOeyw2xLDgB+oYhqY6GsJACqBxuvvpmcofOz5cuX6lchcolylZ4/a13aMxXAwcO1EekH5YNCoDgoF29W25Y5kKFCiEBUT/AoBdVaGl25+nT5xDWbOuAY/VdWjjWSENGIeAmgWv5REiRjCCezLf60M917UqqfuzYMTEx0TwkyoKJArkgrzds2OBh8iDFeC9mKPe4fu3qu++owoLPvxgnOz8f6wt0gRZQR3wSYfG7tdAUtyPsXnrppddeew02xuYiccaSxcXFDx06rEOHjuHUuru7Hjl+FISYXd3scYlmkwmcs468SCF3sWLF0BPIOJ4gy/DGGIi1409GR+JkKNEAEp6ULFEiITGBHjp17ETZYP8BAw4dOHj14tVhH38ye+b086ePrly2kLAklIlD1u/1vv4BAbNnz4ZKkS/0yXFhSHb8coLYXbp0wbbgCbYsHdarVjUuMio0JCzVxfJK70ERcUmkzFGuKDBEDGSA8cGydu7cmbp3hDLzkhg4HYqx9fuLbjZ9PPzThCRbi+bNwUOLBg3LlCqFQcNckLbwKXzBxKWQPj0XQKgqre7qSggBcSw3PMHMgpE7duzIPeKP1zEFIG8Ag2v4Ey4GHl6/FySesAQATJlO69atQQhW/nPPPUeFE0YeNgR0Tld0Ag/Ca6g9bKaXX34Z5QeEoBEYLBT4uascf5B/zh7dX/Lx8XzqqWbhYVHgYMGCxbExCY0aNX/m6U5oLPQ3CwHbwhqvD3zrncEfffPtVDY7jho2dO2yxeXKFe36XHtIgxwBNSjvvfs++hWWZFBUEcOhgZg1MoRB0buAjdDHxceKAhKITVIGGdCOBKBshfaaVHJ5vtvzaBcsNiZF/yANeGST8x8V+dMnCubY2dMb1q9fu3S5yUkCxMVBDk4roBk37jNQDUns27/fw8MrLs7q5eVbpHDxrFmzT/7m29k/zmrZtMW3X096vXffA3v3jxo+AiggFdBLVBhriR6gN7asQ5BYNuLYwDvEZfHQsGBojPCkhIuLpaENoO47fTyJHBllSchrVXuWNmkWFOTwx6FDh3t079GpU+eQkDtr1q0DaYQVmAVI43VEccmSJUUa0xi+o44B8mYTB3YwUYpfcUiWQf2j3IFCKNcXerwCm+DRSU0ogl3kMMsKgfFEiqLSL4EoCAmqQYeMhRHD/kf2qUG6fCt+4NTpM65du/rayy++PXBAbJJz+bbfUTruHoQhrVmyBAL1t99O7dHjhWFDR5YqVXb2rPmBAdl8vQPKln0CM5pMCohdu3YtQgnV/v777zNfit+1UjzFZQgK6AobC2AGvfUWpTnYWHgUAMlcEETAA3djl4BMZoqfPPjj1zgiAOQfOXx86tTvOnV6moQONR1bNmPdminvwERjOJED9yntH0tLQsxtFvLuJFNPnjweHx/t42uZ8OUX12/cbNi0+eETp5avXE1ZkLvJwVZ/En6nTp/y8fF/8YWXIXrxkO7FEYuBuTfp2ykbNu3o8cLLQ4Z8vHnDxquXL5GIssZEcXPj5s2B77w7d+Gidk8/Qy0CnbCczz//POGErdu2nzx9+vzlq9fvhBGLO3TyBHsOq1WrBkvTTFwoPnEQsRV4C1kmpC8ig3uKAXGFEZ0jho/YtH5D5J2wuMjoqxcvrVu3dvSYkWvWrOrUuUOWrIHqVAiVilblPy1atCxSuNjixb9wvCb6AG8YY5lqIChb0p/6HF94odsvixdhOCOm581bMPGrSR+8P2Twh0Pwnk+cPEHoMihLYAaEqJC7wz533sJjp8516NipasUnTH/DVvP7pMyH1UyWTNyLDBpOHxIORECLqkP8+fn6UUgXH2elEnbyN1PXrtlw7Ojxq1euVK1SlU4sXp658+ZhCdENSrxrpWf0rNMnriqVOogYNBbmL0atHCGgF6VKNaiy+F1TzV4mb28LiXyLyb13n1dsjiSEAkGsqVOnTpo8tV79Bkhb/0B/k2tqgbw5f1m8gIQFmQ6IijoYzlSlHyQ1pKXKLrSqDsQHooeMG5/YDTigu3fvLVm6DJTAdkEUMwEJ4i7ADMACuSgwwMGYYILIa7F7MkhV2uCz/ThjNl/BOCZ3N4vZI1/evHiofKVnMQSN6UlRUMRDQEKzQquyFgwH5Lzr5+fvRj2gl7cGVdKAgW/Omz+HQCAUjopiRvdCwluCRvQ0ni72MQZN1+ee9bS4ebiT2I8a9PbbOw8dxapgLGJ1wnRIW2DgLZm+/LaOxeIBHzE662E2K0nKZmBmEBUVU7p0me3bd8ChqB/MRCIotGfc2MgIT3cXMmEv9uxZ5omKnZ/vWbtuvT17dqEVj584jmbPnScnzcAzcyfkINOnYF+rVnRER8dQjkrcFDSi/DABIT/BYQY2ILZz8sw5ZIlaXReXQgXyoU8gD6ZAt4g1bCCx0qQ+IcPrDEYbtMvPi5ZFREb16v3K8uWLCV87bBzbQElWakCgF6m6b6dMqlqlMq8HBqo+k5KsGIXki73d3D3MqeWqlH+l76ur12186533VMzSbgfnqlzAYhHOYhGBHLri02z2OrD/EJvOsE4gInYioKeBCoMJosXUwyCYM3MWG9CJD97L8/j6TK1Wnbo/zJq/eu3GzVu21Ktd09PkyppRtJArVx5Vt2gnThAhp0hICJl+eAtXDQtDVTWmMyW0Yk6IWZ1dVqhwge9nTJm/cPbo0cN56O3lS8U8BRKsBRuYaElyW6dbFk4QS7foV87UETbBeGVE4V+wAXHS7Ob1a4SE2Y8LqZw/d2bGD1PvnRojuJstquLTzW6Nj3KxJ7qb3LDjgRcrB1MlKckmdiHIh6kxj0DX/Hnz0V+oIb8A/ySHPTo2Ol++3NhGR44eRFr7+invFDIWC4x3YXmTmypLJSGDWxuXkFi/YeOvv55o8TRfu3YlR45cM2bMWrBg0ap1G+5ERvXs9ZqXb2CPl3rNnjcfQoKDfou9P5PJj6UlgfXNWqZ3lQjBrd+wDuuCtWVv1dARIymDtdpseCFUUaFPWSROGSKAeenSlT8qCRThCx0EBQQsWbL4lZdeWrd2/Ys9X37z9f49erz4+bgvCD5/Pm7c1i2bW7d5ijAm/ehilzWjcJk1I0flaUYcKy4WeSH0LV4UXIRVCPBkDcXm1S0J8SQmfv01VU9jx33Wpm3bxk0a12IjSp1affv26dy50+zZs3LnVjJXK8RMO6skS5asmBF0i9/JwmNP0DOW1rPPPiukry++u8m9WfOmSMAGDRq+9lrvDz74kDhYzpy5MGvGjBldoEB+YYz0Fz2Eh0fMnD0HriIWSunnw1Lvj7Bf0R+ieO4VtaJBxd4XzYQeVXuMS5Rge+GsWTOIbLO3gHWdP3fezRs30EOUZ+Ociq7lE9UomhKJo0wxu33EiBG4O3jJ7K3nwjkWSkuPcNG1ibzr4kbkA9ohO6kljlMLFCrwxptvbtu+c/K3U0weFneTJXuOXERnIbHChQrXrdfghx9mIMqxWcW8pvgAgGUK+CIQgyJOk4mICPqJGXXr9hz5UTEagB/djDTEgxe/nBdRCZLF41v0kxwu9LtLBE+90OMFUKVmrR1NWP6J8nhpqHz6x0SQijlB5q+kePd0VDlHCKj4Fu8KaCFgnqhkit1JfI4bRt+0cSORZnku0Xvp8141KTMC83JkiCrLdMP32tv1+e5NmjYa/N7boqGZLN2KHy+wqdiS2SyqAoeThyEhZAa1c5AoUUxikW358+dDoINbMQhwsjE4JKuomW5ppwaxxenWrZvYnUMGD42LtZYpXRZau3TpMn2CTGU4aB6tloPAAVdbDPjz5q0bHmaFDb7lK1QgD+/1djhCN2++fEADwGQcoAE2DtBSzoIDVMATsXMvfviWeBhLSf/16tY+evxE+QqVOz/7/M7t2z3QZ64ma4KzR/fXGtRrOOmbKQUKFsCEIN8BQ2hbXVScH2zcDgnt8uxzDRo1/vTTIZ5mVUWO0pLhsBUYGphxf/mTJeArq9VGiJ5+CBJQFAxoRN0lzM4EJEs15ZtJYAFjQttTpP27e4EH+mRbDVPyMCkBpGQratvVBW+e8Cpoxw4MCsKMDxC+lqGl1pKBfutV41kpS0IJ21Qnx5wEeAWPHf6Fl8XPYrZQGJdkTwIP8QlxqYRp2EblrorK5dIJGIChapZenkAMjKgziIRhyIfi07O4HmwoN7mvWLzoXvYxsbnP7syeLQdiw+Lp5eJmgsjxNLw8kRupuXLlpOJFWJLFhSXxJdgo5Gm2BAUEDuzfHwlAIJluPTwsCKrq1Wpg1MXEqP3tULVIHjCgfdLGBAmjFH5etOjd996fOWPhwIHv8jwsLCQiIlxTiKkXzl+glpwpv//+e8eOHSdXhUWO83OfsvmxtCSgD6JSZJ11iwl6JUojXM23UkwHFRI4HTZsRHRMDPsLwCn5MOSsHBHzR8JREY2ri8UttUuXjrhBQz4e2rnbCw2bt8pfpARRLUKvhw/sGzrkfYtZuftSzfCXuIbmGB2CWLBgAcII+4YwppLvd2MGIsG5sufIcfDo0V17985duODl3q8OeHvQzNmzicOT8xPdoNFW2oiaqEwtWLDAqpWr6JCkBjgh20dUSqMwj/SwcQ+0dELiDXcKTsOGIL6NBJev7p0I4I0bNw7Of/311wmWiDH0l5P9lzeAQmByJkKwQYUB7pmRyGVWBPRCUaCII84qPlG5RfOWyKDu3Z+/cPHU8hVL4DpRDKwI2QTxS1SIwmKhT/xy8I+zyD2pfVwTEvM4YWRwdbfp3qERh/SAC8JXNCNojPuI9KfOiwO1eCKhFLLdPNEcPjNONoUFxDlkcXmR3AppPlkFYhLMgldgBKwN7mkAtGBACg6AkEQeKlxKN4QvmILsq6RPSAXlJOrnd5UTgTSaEZMTZBLqgFbleFPAYNw/oQdIiz4ZAjAAkj/FmQZ1bEFKTLByU6lyZYqBBg8egmGBUwVggPe7JiAPCXH/NtxIvaH7+ashyS5udpvV28Uq7jsIFI5jUB08UcY0AGZsIDlXTVUR3bjBujAjLCRggBeYF6DiI9JGzrrV4cHVpn8kDOQhq8B2DECSQ5+Ex7GW+ORdb88AD5OyeFCEJUoWUScH2O0YnYgvyRTcizpQDXrJ0SBGmAKwoTUxVRmUGACv8PxPmJSvxDimLCd7tmCKIUqWKIN/tf/ANkdKgotb6tUrt7JkyY4/HBl1h94wMREUrAIeKtROJfiZ0xdDbkcWKFDQ1T35yDEyIB5ASwqfntkPD8BMgdQPYhb3mj9ZLHT76tVrWOXnn3sehBPBBatgD/kDGRO9h2Jl3e+drxyKA+2JgEqHk9TY2KgrVy6RIDh56vjZc6fDw8PoAWhpg6YHLXyuW7eOVNe93QrbEr6tWrqEq8MaGXYrxZkUExsZb42LiIiyOxIdzugrV0/LwesZLvoHWpgCGmAiEAxTFj+QQcUsJlxNrT3qg4AiBw4RRfhdLgAGOJR5ST6FnpESAAxWmTJDQJM8h/DwEyg3+ebrr60xcYvnL8yXM7cHZoqrm5kciWblg15RKKJrwBurLIaOr483eA4NC6W4BzS+/npffoSSleVIPfBApQj6KPxOyA/TpubKHswWo6WLf6aAE78Uma9Lkr+W6sL/j9cFplhFePvc2dNsqsBk3rBh/cBBg57u2OHZrt3btuvY+dluS5evYsfF1es3YbwiRSgozkkZHdJTYm4ikf9o1mpzrTp1RjkPqpqAsBW1zXcP3cFylF0PQtz3XtI/n/pX2r7iJOqPgnMU/PCTkeo8FrUrhINHft04IL2pnR/qn/ICtENg1CW6R+41sKUiWxvFiYH862Ep+tAyeoY5Sj9yiWOUvmcdWvkWmMnBo2OgbP6UhxnapJ/jv5yE9Ikja/h9NUm6A/O9i8hzTDHcKbIS5CkxOLZu3cZ6XLxwiZw6Zx9R5Q+PYbexpvAbuoQ8JeF0UpjITdLM6BtUO/ckjOFhdC2iQW3f9XT3D/Jn18+ZE8fVr6rYMhb/wreiwrH2eBezlfwoo6BX6A1jgpJANtkXKV56yYpVlB1SNobIoECMT0QPfIHxgVzOnjXo2KF9a1Ys8fPyLFui6PHD+5HyxCRYTTKsTJDiHnEZeYJ1izKQKksqTDEyOLaPb/u/OSAmMvaVl/uYvfxaP9Nx+eYt91bbonI4KYOJ58ub/623BrzxZt9WTz2J9OTC/CX4L/WeYijcSyFoTaKvmEokgMlno2579uzJi4sWLTabwWQX8nRE0fD4vX1UmAHZd3fzkVpP6VCYgq4IBiATWA60ONaYIlqkg91OhXyW4GxYIO2eal66fHlKCSpWrfrVpMmePr7lK1UKvxOqnRzh+Pzzz9kO06lLF/ohgIRjDSRUrbZp0zp79myrV6+MS0h498MPeSsoOJgFJQ2PY0oRJffvfzggLiGMCr0xY8bVqlXjm8mft2vfZtSoUah81lGUPY2pRQXnIBmLn9IBk8kycsQodMCAAf2xnDp2fAZygnKwOzOwm446+DA0KrJJy+YFixSa+O2kZq1aDh0+DAoBw0Rr0CKccMCgYk7pOBfXHxQxNCjC3jqyZ3uyNT4xNq5fnzc9zN4eZr+3Br1x6dJ5imwgg4YN63bspPLu1BJSgcgnb4FVaCw0NKJ8uQoBAYEVKpbt1fs1dw+vGnXqh0ZGb96+M1+hoq/17gMx0AlZM9J5yFuzh2XIkI/Ql9jQeMZNmjSGI8AqGg7aQPORbJUSUYGZS5d19ADAcAQAUP9LA70NKpy6aT//gFq1ardr297fLwDtyMJRL8zsGAstjn1Dra6cHJPh4nUGhcG9LKYmjeo8372bt59P7nz5Vm3YMHfOPHZhtG7b/MsJn6MD2K2X4V0oEKKFGTGJ4B04CCnBpLBamBTVjtgNx06dzFMgH6ft+wb6ly5f9uqtm/fCwFyYNcUK2BNYXWiHoUM/xVGJj485fvxIs2ZN8hfIu37Divj4qMTEhN2793l6+vv6ZvHy9q5RrcaNazdOU1nZurXZ03PZksVnT52oWL4chtiYUSOJh0G9rB30TJRI0afJ9PFHQzBoGKh3nz6Tv/22Zq36K1evIWz/3Y+zsuXOZ/ENsHh7Dxj0dpLTcfz06fwFC44YNQrUUd2FR3Sfgv2x/N0NFgA9h/kfERoyZuwY4kLqFBjCVm6u8dGxJpOHt48nuSHcZyw0djlhT8HVFPiw6th94kb8yQXu9G9/1zP489fhBHH+dCsbQY90JlhUs06jyZMnelnMnF+iTnHhck0rRssw0L0w8CQTwPy1LXlPC5FijMW5xdxguSPiJSWkXyLHJar5aKDKxEQyACx/whuIGAx8ZMHv9gl1SYgSh4+Jo1HEXRC5jM+BpEZ5SwQClYmeQDAh77iHtLj4CntFSg55jiolYsSL0cl2Um5e7uaF8+Z/N31aipsr1QXpYcCSgHtR8/369UPSIZEFtwCD6YyFofqMj7967WbpUiVIpbH19uL5cwsX/fLue+9Jog2Q0FiBWbKSRk2IT7x06WKx4sU5kcliIgGcRDQCxpEDRXBe0WFs3KBb6FOUjQh0RgRswqHZsuXgrdthoSZPS/acOYj+Z6i/UnYYZxE5XS5funLj5lX/AF9y/KCLrsCGdMhYSF4+M5AQozAWG9UwvPDhpMqYDsEnz5kpUPEn0PIiqQSAhyDFrc+wsrJkBF0IBjBBXkT36JlHVg3/AUlK/MbmSNm6dXO9uvXi4hMuXTxfrvwTPiYPH18fuNFqsy5ctKh9u/b0jrYQp1bbYmILCPBl8YOz54Jjj544eeHMmfp1akMYDIR6BlcxMZHFi3M2v+nWzZD4hNhTp49VrFipYMFCcjwGnxz8ioaDBgCGt8C5RHqYCAEPlptwKT46uhNthFJk9N8nTi3DD3jM6MD+/aXLlCldoiSBSUBlIPDGV9TtSzmn0K3QD+NCkxL2R81wGEP2HDk5gOxWaDgliMTJzU6VSKIxRqfsXYJCwDkvgkleoXNmQYeAjT2KwYoaO3b8ZNlyZbU6EpfIyKiN69dVqliBQJoSbFqmj6UBgywiTyTRJuTHVxgH2JqslB6alSnTvzjWsuUHgAGM9iBQgKENlj3e2Zq1awsWKFi2XBl2n+XKnUMRbVIS2IaowA8xaS4JIWRAplgk9Lxr7/68+fKWLlWKCtPcufPkyJ6Nrgnpq8O7ihQREZfhdWbEMmFwY+iDbQlIMCk4lLANy8ri+vhzrIWDvGFkVGSjho0wVSlWygCDOHKMha9Lh9QX+/oENG6iittCbt+h8pEjXjy93DGSYDvl26a47Ni9y2q3Napb3+TqxqkEJ86fy5ktGJ7JGpxVleWriyPmFKMBtnA6TgJQcSMhCmwLBCAbPQoUzI+SI7124/atkDuh7BxWPwGRlshL5scdE+JiWR0Y6l7s/S5lPq6WBDiDtho3rL9i+bLgHLlQ/XbkPEc3apVGcA6OgtLoSCvtyARoAnIUUfuX9ahihQkzZEJNijcg2UpBOv4rwoLnW7dtCuT8c/VzXuqYHywOVdhzj3BUrKKJYBHKYpRkApLfXfK/fChxcobD1kb44iTdOzr8Iyyd3mD6y57/wQbAKfYB2QpCCGRt/4gMwDzzFd9I5AjiicnyUBZFtyroQUI7YlUIA+uYkcYUriMsqO5WYtrdDRFwaO++devXv/X+u5zw529R7K1fWBLstsAvJ6nEQ52EpH8BSTL3GHv4IjWrVR07ZmzbZzrWqVdf9KvWQJ1mpYSg9kRL/DsolaUTKS2ijRQopDXmW5NJBKIsqGg4oTfJ1Gq/hKXVOvw24k5MwpWzopgJDdT5luydo3NVeSf2qDCdYOxeS0Ioja8YSHhWkA8kwCMz4l7mngbAPT89oAlQ9RavMJxYdfp0BCcyKdVhqkqrS0BDMRfSgFy4YkPijnZYkfYUuSmMaTV02g0QJptMZnw4zq9Fznia3FGPOpAKb6rWIYVKGoBUZRagQytm4hL4haL0bmUtRBbxCpUEbBGiupAnGdIlGVhGloZ+ZKWEAhlC5JUgTbhVlK4soigtESZSYaZoQx1kSrmA+okLMCCH1kiUXihf2tOnzikyIh3qHCHGAQMJGDKW5FVFBsrCydz5Vr6SPnXRca+uknGF/vkEYMGY1LKomSYryqGcRqMW5TSyzrKZQlAhU5DR7+V0QZQiP1d3be5ph8AqdKmDnxTkgjGhxvSrIGarDKFjWMhYf0t4X5pJD39kzeCnscua/RQYPRrShBnVjj3CctqskbSQkPb7iBwCa3d6wNmuVIM6XTxNKrbtUOMKqGruKU7Nf06jCn0Wsi5pFKLOsnOyfd2WnAQ/wNSc9wbnKqJVRRXumEHQl8D8X7YkwI4s240b10eOGPHh4CEkHVku0KhqctSP3P3qvkNWOpWLgMMoY/0k4KzlgVLliGtPi2dsrHIisYYhTicn+7q6eXv7UyhNXXp8XIwqcvLwIJBFPFbK0ISYpP/EhGiqawCMImR2K6ESKP2GPbFbKbjlCEl+C6BOrUqxMXHFipUgQ8J2AMq8bMk2DrWF01lFrZMECMjiaYkmwezqavGyOGwc88cpwmq7ivJUVIkRBKEITgSx2Pu4v4Ak+Wla4v3QWKQGwXxSs1JZzcUNX2G5i+wW8c27WNNYr0RfwYnara6ZtOKqctGAt4Kz+MfHRgUHZ0fq4fLmyJldVZWkeiCoqGlFrJUqWyQyNAbtAngYu2xJZ10IA0WERwRlCWKmFPJhHrO7JcmW4OvrGRTg6+/PPsA4/PPIyAgqQPx8fZCR3j6WO2E3cuXKy+b+PHkKsCcGNvHy8eTkndCQO5EREd4+PgT6Avz9mYU6Nsphj4uJzpc3H8VZgHrz5m2YAoj5GaeoyEhNFbnkzJWTbU6uFl+CruLsZhDT+p+6HanLQdGsunmha0eRFPKiNJYb1YPTane1bNq1r0uHToUK5K5eoXzOvNkvnrvEgXxLl63w9vVmG79HmlmgpB5IJpLPT6OxBYvIra4PZCxpIJ/M5uD+g82aNYfSGtZvsGzlEv18VZEmWuWa7iQolZmhGkRAlRnpYEv/MiOl/Ny1SmFVi5OuvPG3yXt1pK5W10j/qjPCbJoXJwiUS0bRsZQe5+lHF7wJ/HKlzeXuiPLwd+Wa3o+8JdIzQ+dp2lE78DHtKyhXbYJQMIqFJEBrB6VrW2m0WWh9akuv6iOV0pIu9NmlmymPlWugOkkXmNTvdU0jEIq+4Z5kluzuEf2q66d76TMNsZqZyIvypyhsmbuu+OUrWVB9ZfXlUGuqzVv7QdBf5y4NaC9kIHCm18o8101nITPpX2qUoU35uWOdEfQb6Ue+EpLQgZE2+qXPRcb93caquFcleVXUmf9obdJA1ZU6HYpkztD/rwSgvkizNn4lOY06ZPrpcZgePB2fgiuh7QxvpeFUsye1ce4tEOYcTNcVy1d07frc/v17ifGoHeUaZmRBtR06zE+GUJ+ABX2x0QjvGPZEqKE1IFeFeo3HeUuNc5cLBGbtYdolVjsKRfthVfW6RsdpClMd+S9rdPf30YSo0q/OH90/ljEJfTIQChEq/pQN+vczYdqQx8KYIBhIYE2rWvfPEpQVDYp2RFmimDjKLTw8lH0NFk/vm7dDPEnSepkT42MYhdIYAsKEtmgpPA8MGOaEEy3eflHRMYRYixUtRtqabzmjVDvRJ/no0WPaD3i6BWUPimYvWamyd0JDgoOziTly5crl+IRETk3jLM7IiHBeYCH5HQ3/oADI2W61Wdzcg7NlP37sKFXp2YKzenNomYcHg0r4F6MB8UH/ko2mT+DkoRaYVT/2waX61C7hXqEnvkVyARX98AqYFNtWhJE4lOJwaNpLvRKu4rTBCYkcWuxG9FvVybN1jK8U5WE12ROtcfYUC26Zr68Xli4GEHtG3EwWjGwKrYn7MTr937oTmjtXTnV+fLKN2nAMIOwq2EFtlIiPU44+o1s8EhPjqQ9j7NjYhPwF83OYDIE4rEZKwcUjpCE122yi8/H25gitrEFZ+XE16hjUb1EREHRxwWphCw8cQh4ac6datapFixQVXr1PW/s+iereZhy9m2ryRFqcOnX2xOFD4bev4d/Wr1+3XPkybMxUbrDKcFmE1cXrwoCQSDIFAYSXf39o5f4SzbYtW7aSZaLDrMFgNdNgGi/+YxiQWAv5dRIKZARIZsmPj4gR+Y+BZQz8SDCAlIuKiqRA/sLFi+iUpk2asDHnkYz8UAZ57C0JXUHep+kEFkWt6ha9sK72UPkm6BtiR5zUj2uhdCMWnztblu2eHmprHFJeTHLdCBVjVsWfVZBXWX9pviNbyNyUnpbfrFPP+dEmV4vyZtSPVtC5+iUnbcuZcvwkgKx5R9iJ/DScw5VT2WlBSs9JVbAWUVDWo7ID+JEfqWDXI4qoVb4XC0DMBbFy9JCJ4Ec3IwBS3hX4hbjEnBc7VFS1zFScJzUX9Quo2BmE+lUEWFke6qx+pqx+sEptmnM3q/Qbv0TlTgV1Ml8pS5n/qJ+CASH8LpQWtSbJz0IQrlS/I0agVf1CoLa7VU1RHUev/aYMYT01ac0pJG7Oqgic/FYSu7bQvhLYVIul0QFlsQylVlCNodBIDFA5gjJLddC92gxMSwmEPhSWutup2uOnfhFHhYLZpiU/mSWeGaupSEKtR5r/KpFbzRFRF83+JPkiI+geG/cP2yp6qIj6f9u5nnQQMx2yFFNeAq7/b9Hy/2TiSTY7sXBt6ZVoUE7d47zN/vG2JH43+nQ/hCiqPV0yyaGSI3crElS1pqbvJfKj4pkqCawUrUh8Ffu9m/jUJb6yAe7GdHkdE8Fk1qKm2k+zqdoIZU0oA0XrVH6/Uak4ERwSG0Tb4cQr2rr7o4rKQUkLsaqfplSvAE66H7HUA1AZsJH+T5mvSCsxHXQLTJrJE+lKty10x0hutJYqegaetGibvCKRTPWTceTi1Z8AeXcw3YRSFpBKzWrhOPWmOs6OaWhoVihmammT0gwr7YlYNlqCENSq36tUuR0NEvCgLAwtCver9ybqOcPsVLd3G2lB+7QS1/s3Pe+Hou5tI+aZLKPkGoTEtPndlRka7OkDpLp9oCP/np4VaYmm0aws9f0fN84c7MZbjwIDOiemscndMgWdNx8FEMYY/xAG0uSDniZLl1P4hyB6oGEfb0vigaZuvGxgwMCAgQEDAwYGDAw8MAbuq5jigUcxOjAwYGDAwICBAQMDBgb+mxgwLIn/5roaszIwYGDAwICBAQMDjwYDhiXxaPBsjGJgwMCAgQEDAwYG/psYMCyJ/+a6GrMyMGBgwMCAgQEDA48GA4Yl8WjwbIxiYMDAgIEBAwMGBv6bGDAsif/muhqzMjBgYMDAgIEBAwOPBgOGJfFo8GyMYmDAwICBAQMDBgb+mxgwLIn/5roaszIwYGDAwICBgf+3GJAjBzmnmN+F4AxG+fPhXcbJVA8Pt0bPBgYMDBgYMDBgYOAfw4D+oxDycwcPD46H2PXDA9ro2cCAgQEDAwYGDAwYGPhzDOg/t/SwEWXEJB42ho3+M4OB9L8Gov8shfHrEplBpfGOgQEDAwYGHjIGjJjEQ0aw0X1mMSB2Az+Pzm9pZrYP4z0DAwYGDAwYGHjoGDBiEg8dxcYAmcCAHpOQn119ZDG6TIBqvGJgwMCAgYH/5xgwLIn/5wRgTN/AgIEBAwMGBgwMPBAGjOzGA6HPeNnAgIEBAwMGBgwM/D/HwP9HS4LI+f+6uZYYO4RC6R83vMun7K75X/t52NQGVAwh4Mln+hEFeH0W9wEMW5BT1f/Ua9q/VIUE6eQ+Xtde1BrLdT+vPEib9APdP5D3jqjPUdZdVvw+11rPy7CHm7ekh8fiSk/e9znZRzYvnZAe2YiPciChVX2Ov4t8WZ1HCdU/NZZMXxcX9896GQDW+9FFkDTQ5bYuLf+umeoD/U8SQx9d4JFPnST+SGzq9JAJ/OgySh/lwTFgZDfuC4dgHMUgmwg468NisXBPSSCraDKZ3N3d76uXh98IOAFPLywASMCTYYGf56LbAJjnf70VQs4yceU/KXZHspsbNoVJm7crPfzl62LKcDG0p6cnf5rN5oeKg+TkZOkf8KTAQp/+/Y+rCxpZdH2J5bmHh8dfdiVyRGHO1ZUeoJa/fOUfbwCc4EqWTFb2Pif7aCAHmMTERCHah01Fj2ZG6UcRWtUNBW4y0AyLAl/zCuT3UE8FePRzv3dEIUJhYSVrtCsTsxbjDMKmK27SdygcCjIF8/yZCUFxL+SsEaCKjmcFRU/fj8TQRTSv0wmgAhX3CDRev3f69E8zYQQxNf4n+MEJZeyixRjofoT5XxKGEZP4SxSpBmD82rVro0aNGjZsGEoxKipq9uzZbdq0YWfBfb3/qBqJ6XDnzp1vv/326aefvnXrlj4yX/Hnhg0bBgwYABVCTPcNVIrDabt1+9Ln44evWLlcGPt+AgzSBmY4cuTI8OHDd+7ced8jZrIhgHGg2wcffLBu3br7Z+B7BxPIL126dPnyZVguJiaGnu9T3Oi+Qnh4+MKFC9esWZPJyTza10TOAjwUMnbsWBHljxaEPxsN2ObPn793795/FVR/F36Q5iDcZrPt37//q6++goYz9AztTZ48+Ycffrgfvvu7oPqn+mGJsRqhw3nz5okFkDlIeFckFbJOxB2fiD5xCZBLXOLqZMJM+V2QxHOIi4ubOXPmsWPHxDq/f+ATEhIkwAAlAJsYUrpln74f+ercuXNffPHFxo0bdXviPscCsLCwsBUrVuzatUvMrPt88U+aPd6WhBZ8T0s6yBqkhXokKq8F5IVWxDyUQ0MdDtu582eToSpEp2olTX4N2gupqS8cTkkGsGy+vr4IsqNHj/IN1lzWrFk3b94sjC0rkfbWXRjSL49ApcBLcdH+pb2RloFIG03gSOtGc+fTUgqAqXpgppKb4EObnCb6JenAf5kao6iWKL9s2bKtXbsWctHXntdjYmMPHjz0/fffmz1MmLzyWtpcZbi7EIh7pBIbBCTgZTfvMydvTJ44/8jhkxJnEJ65+/av0xcMy0KgSmGqGzdurFi+8rPPxt0JCRVo9UF/hU0lTUjKqK+cTof6K9WpllYDIg23ZG3S1iht4iwgSHc67LwWHxcnCRjsvF9++QVOFjCIKWh9yuzUPxlU6IEb3RHMwCR8i0H24osv5smT59NPP7169RohhnRdpU1df13rHZhTk2zWhPi4JJtt0aJFo0ePXr16tU4JOnplLHlXljz96PqK6GSTfo1oKqk19Y97WX91/UqH0oCvuHGkKHKDavg6IT4eIO+++uuYNA+PiMC63Lp924dDhnzy6adWm413wVs64OlN/SM0p6JzQJ62OGn9aIySxoNp9KOwLDAAhAKJCE8awSpo1T9ZFDWW/NOA0xZafcvqK+J3OKOjY/oPGLhx8xYVI1J8IYyvJQXSGmqDpQuMC07SetByU/rqC9rvMq/cS0RdQ6MimLQ8giJXRcy/MqberXSeNgvhvbufYDKNeNOWRv1H70Inv7sAqG9hKHyVH3/8cciQIREREWkUItOD8tzdl69YufDnRS6ubgo5GuYFselJRzoU/rrLiZrQQImKMFGSQwEt/5WgYURk+N2kZRoZSTpT4AQVcgmWWH9nSlKqi8MO38kSOJxKommySBcIafLqVyQr7qBpkjVBJ1pZLYFKZw2holWrVuF7zJkzJz2rpudcfbHTFjmdeE8nVZS5gAzEAitZsmSxYsV++uknbJTzFy7Ub9Awa3D2Z5/rDtkTOeSfNmOFa43GFWq5dTjtMuc0ftPwnp4U7iI8jQtZRByY3bt2Dxgw8Pjx42KgyNILhSlivssmGQQOfy5dvqxYieKVq1Z9oeeLbdu1a9io0SeffILpcxc52nJo8Jk8PK7fuPnDjzOGDhsWEnLn7kr9qozulSeylBgrXEnJyUuXLe/+wgsHDx1iHQFK61lBqAGqrYuQ0X0bGY+lJSHKEiqxJydjZHLPhME4V7ItyW5LYumSrLbkpCT51mq18pWIOf50JESPHztWMRtPWFu7sv6EgiXGyFuOZKWllLKkkbInUrNkyQItoqggFx8fH7EKiUlwo8bVzFsJhkscUo+0y6JiZqoRk2zOJKu7K8vmYFSHSyoxLODkW429lXCWfpSOVN+jKbGmUwGMRoCoJAUGtQIRCCF2B6Ld6Uhxc1FLqRIQLsn5C+TInz8/xmZwcLBOUm4mj5KlSxcvUdzk7uaS6gQE4ElOThJrXRtUBSrAlZ4H0eCBzRQFN27SuETJ4rTx0CLMzBFzG8iFQHlFLYd2watchG2effbZ27dvFy1atFSp0q6upnz5CmijKHzqQuFXtk+TKGCVs+KtQHiXvpUUU/jkVAnNkwBPGnexKM6Y6Eigi4+NHjSwvyM5yeRu8vLyOnToEA6cLBDQs8g2axJ/xscnyipLokpW7V53hJeYGlf16tULFy5M4969++TLm4+IvxKf0JEGv8xXd5gUJ2IDpTonfT3x1InjmGq9evUqVKiQt7e3LCjtJZwjAECHXDq16HgQ2PhTvhKVIPTJjc2GirehBeyKKBWXi2DS+lQSRxrzMMmenJScRDMWNZkvk5Oc9qSxo0c57MmpTtjEqo8IDYeEhMyYMQNtVq9+/dx5ckP9JrMHcwV9fKtGVLajC7TBnBFkSvL+1ozQ1kWBKsyoS0+EMCY7kAAtYCio7LCtAhOZmmRTrKfImB8IcDp5DORqarCHXZlA8LcQoaen16o1a/r07ZvCgqakWJPoTAk9FV1TLRWHiugDAPHkFAyadKSBu5sr7dOLRZEYmpOqOBcW1HpjfkqsyHqpg0xcXTRHQnGnzEskCf3SrdWKhHHygoI4Rc2UWfFJUg2kCd3yKf4l9xLZUiJI61+GkOXmQttVqVIFVYSXIk8gTs1uS2WAH2fOnDptGvNkeHBoTbKpaWMg3r2E4DVeVuJR4hzQBf9nzTTC42/+BGM22kl7BOSc2TPpUnNCtMSW6kOxvYgCQZoQrUKyQrUiNtdUV1uyAwpOTXHlP4odNWoUzade0SiZtIRGxinJtsTo8NDhHw8Ra5JZaBOxa++paIFIIaH51q1bFy+OtFHEzKfOZQKPCFsFhFCdJm9lxYX8BCWwMOIaSfjyyy9XqFChdu3aXbp09vf3L1ykaHxiUp83BsyYMydbrhxuJne1upqKdiQjcoFckZw1EXmrqAoyUcvt0OSGssOU9EuT0hpmUCEaFBCeerdp0+Z8y+g6qAIbi60ISbtHQuoLp98827Vr3rx5S5QsMWfuvBUrV5YuW+abb74Z8tEQaaD4xu6AhoQl8hUo0LR5c9LUmkcsSudXCzhD50J+vLd8+fITJ064e1he7d07KEuWW7dvOlMdrm4KbyIZ1bzsdpvVKoI9PcvcC3D6J4+lJSH6gFj9+bOnb169NGfmDyePHXZ3TYmPiVywYE7InRusGmx+4cKZy5fPSfYXWYmLKfLuqzHjbl65EhcZY41JiAgND70dAv/ANrGxsWg+GuCDI1s2rF+zc8fWc+dPayypEmDZs2cPDQ0VYi1RooRIBEw8Okfg8hVjKeZ3ONCjsnhycU9OC5/j3LHNV88fSIgPo0/cC/WV3Xr6xFHgtybEuiIl7LZUZ9KNq5duXrvEZ9idW+6wpyPp+JGDh/bvvnPrerItATHp4WrCZuDJyaP74uNCEHcpTrJ9KuF3/eblQ4f3AC2TRa3+Zvl1Rzwl5fChQ3dCbwIGEiYqOuz27eu2pETeAk5mCyqYlwgmLlEMEKvFw92WGHv5wtnI8BBHstVDxR01KycpKTIyklnTDLYnZkMsGo2OyQU2grL4O5226zcuJyTEXb95zQ1L6m4UR/pHurkQ0rPGpNhtobdvR4VGYckBWEoqdQ8QtjU8IsRht6Y6k9W0U9Snq4sjJipKTJnvvvuOobX4fJqJIIlGJfhdkKoJdgfRQpu3N2nFtJgNbp+SQVq08084BLHOXM5fOEc8ArBBETLQ4Uwm/ixD6KtMbyDr6uXLCxb85O3jLVoHHIIB+ic/IiJSxDcXmkaZj79NcIoAUhpSo3AV+LEnu7k4hTCgSpNrisktxY34kyOJmbk4ktzxNvERU+0JiTF8uvKtW4o9KcFicuUruzXekZToYkerOWbOnDF16lRNoKgl02fNHL/88stkDFwXOwMxhLenJSkxLjE+xmqN8/SUAC0yPcnL0wMDNDkxgY4JifKPhZR+wAb0pmxQRa9Y+Yl88hb/AMPDLTXizk2Ti9PTw417xK0zmRFiISfMUgwbuzXONSXZLdWeGBuZkmw1uadabQk0wgxA+SLGvb0tNapU8vP2dEt1mlxd6CQ5OcbFGeeSYgM/7i5YCi4x0TG6ESwERg9MlzFwLulKBbrSXUwcGQKokBlIA3vMlHvCvXxGRoW6ILQ1CmTSOAAQJ0CDef6EHkweblg1bu7YFjZrfIybi8NicmFp4qLDY6PCLGYPoQEwI5o1zbjRYulirYLS6Ogwmy2eoTVcOcuVK5eeJkGvh7KFQaBLzmxZswb6M1kPN+brTIiJhAC4wdHX58RwkBnRRlc0td0aevsGgFHjxITwOXgXKrp49qQ9Mc4llXexBuyLf/pp6uQpmAJJCWoKKjDEtLEwNDtG6BAy1rgJRyvZNZUZe7o5zXabPSUp0cPVDjli46OBnY5EF6fNFQfNbkMUg64UhzKnFFTJyub+Yfr0qOjoVIfN5ApJJ2v0luziVGaB2AqQEDdKzlgssAx2gFR0pddniBoaEPijc1kLDwhCGYFJCGHhnQwczetnz57lodkExyRO+mr8iz2eGznsY08P1gZBgmWOS2nFVDa527BqVT2YPcViMrshUTGOlAyBSJT5p3GPqo3TJRjDRUSExcdHi5pwgQHdXYKDs+oOiZIMisitwKkQotCSpLjgngud4OPplZxo83B1Q8j36vky5sv2bdvxIDCeXdwS3d2S4W3VS3w8kMVGRsBG7ia4LxVWZRD+sUwZOgYsWUqE3pgxY9B0nia32zeu5coe7G0BEEd8bASMzw2GEEQCmB7uSn2IRf4n4jGDchGCf5wuKGb8+PGkG556snmvl3qWL1vKz9vS97WX27d5qmrliv5+3nGxEUm2uDGjhwdnDSRfBeURK0Nw3Lx58+uvvy5XEnu3yPivvhoydOi7H7yfJ08ukIsq6t+/f44cOUB3ZER49WpVxoweMW7syFw5sn0+bhRylk6INT311FNiQOzZswdyJ3R2gVhZ/frQ1rRp0/iKeP4777zz1ltvAaSOU56zhDi4E74YV79OrWIFC0aGhtmtSRvXrG33VMsli36aPPHLsiWLPd2m1U9zZ707sL+PxdSyaaMCeXJVq/iE0544dsSng97sN2Pq5BKFCnw5dqSducXFDnzzjfcGDWjzZLOCubOuX/OL04klFNm//xu9Xu3z9rvvo8CwCa5fv67DkIxN7Uwhc0+BaK+Xe/r7eHuY3Z99tiMaaM3aFYUKFyhYMP+CBQuAH5OrUaNGZOBAi7wuZgTTbNKofv3a1f29Lb6e5u++/RqNRTB/7ty5derUGTlyZIMGDcAP5vb27dtz5syJIMAPGDFixKxZM7y8LL1efblJk4a5c+esVau6ZARFtnLdunltUP/eWfy93hn4Rp7s2bxMHpUrPhERecNuT5g/f06VqpV69WKVS/Z4rkuyNe7rL8cVzJv7mbZPNapf18tibtywfqEC+YsVKdy5Y4fvpk6dNGlSwYIFBw0ahJ5mlC/HjX399b5PtWuTt0Dec+fPoMAooahWrdqHH37YsGFDwqfi5fzuBXg9e/bEGps3b+7p0yc/+eRjSO7VV3tVrlyJ5SbWAq5+XWKbdc+unfXr1jWb3KtWrjR86KfgoW3btvhD4CQwMBDf6NSJk6wBjhQhE0KLhYsVbdKkCUiWeJWmBlgk/OPkYcNGdHimY+3adRo3bIjddvXC2bZPtqha8YnPR49MjIu2JycOGfzegP6vR0WEnDt97J1BA9q1b50jR/APP3wXGXlnwMDX69ap2a/Pq40a1PH19syTK3t0VOiUyZMKFyzAny+9+MK8ObOdDmVSy8XCQS2VKlasU7P6ti3rO3V4GgU/YfxngQG+OXNl/2ri5xjlNlvcVxO/aNe29VNPtqxZveq6Nas011YF/6QTimCgGeJ2Y8eN8/bzK1qi6MpVS8JCbw/9+JM6taq/1uulUiWKNqxfG9f0wP7dndo9U69m7WIFC82ZMePc6VMDX+9XtnSJYZ9+1Llje39f7yfKldm9a9uTrVr6+HhVq14lMjIsJiZyIgxSquTsmTNwba9dvdyiWZNuXTvWrVnt/bf7J6OJHc7xYz9v1bJlxYoVy5Qpg2XPspLhCgwKatO2zRMVK0ya9DWBFltyGj0DMKm3Ll26sEDNmjdu2qzR7t3bQkNvvtLrxaJFC02d9m2jxvUtnqaWLZvYbLEb16/q8fyz2bNm+XrCF6WLF4P2hgz+IDnZ+sMP02rVrvFs1y5dnu2UO1fOFcsWWxOjx47+tHPHpxvVb1CtalXKg+CagQMHEhp84YUX8DSQzhQwde3a9cqVK3Bi9RpVmjRtkit39l6v9ky2JzqcSTAgUoUsqmCViBKRJGyFNatWQOfPd+1COCEyIqRd21YsRK+XX3ymfWusA2mshaxUTq1Nqydbt2w+qH8/Py9L6WKFt21aj/8O3jZvXNezW9fnOj5du0rF9995M8URv2HN8jIlSmTPkqVBrTrjRgx1JCeqWCd+GP9SUjCX3377baQZnNKxY8dBb/VbtXImAqZQvjyD33+/bMkSZYvmW7vkxy4dO3Tu3KVerZoViuU9dmDHrm2bOj3dNsDHa86M78GVl7c3zBgfHzdi2FAvs6logXw9X+px7NiBiMg7/fq99szT7fz8vLt160aDpOTE8Ig7LVq2YKzKlSuzjo0bN5Zwji4ouCFVAaW1a9Omfq3q06ZMciRhUiSNGvZJ0yaNX3vtNV4E7AzsjPgl3vPKK6/EhN8a8HrvH3/4XgWyVBABvY6flrJ+9coWTeq1b9Wyab0az3d5OiE+Ys3KxR3btapXq8roUUP9fH2mfT9l3frVbdq3bdm6TfkKlfRSM6gIEdH+6Tat27SsUvWJPXt3YBRDG8HBWX6c8QPQUiZVoULFiRO/3rtzq80a9/6gAa+80L1YoYJdnmkvIUmxtNJWMNne+slW1SpXgbcIri9ZvMTfL7Bq1Wr79u967vlObds3tztiD+zd3bnjMx2ebkdcccG8OZ4Wj5EjP61avZKXr2fN2tVuh1xnXvdOHzSSlyfISoi0U6dOYz8bQ+i+UqUnnnqqWf8BfbNlD6pYqlhs5B1YyZ6UOGbU8Ge7dAFjTz75pC7i9CX4XVHJw1+z+3/U4gGf/yUEmehfgjk1a9bs3qO7FXPRZitYqFCv116NT0xEf6PDMBfAHeVyIO7ixYvc79ixA0uCqAD81r17d3AkAUYyZ0QaEPqsK0WUtMGkIDJBgJEEP7199tlnLID4W5gvTZs2lZjbli1b0DEU5aEJSMwHBARITgvtVbVq1W3btqUnEdYDGff666/D6qRCERa8wostWrR49dVXJcyOMuZPbvCTAANuAQyWf9HPC+vXrXPrxvWLF8798P13vt5eR48fHj5qWLcXuoeEhV67eatWnfrFihRKssYMGfx+lSpVE21J8Yl26rYY5erVqzp6hSERVagNzCAgoeIGkx9/FEhQJxI1YXb8CVRi+6dfnWbNmrVs2RJ84i60atWKdzGeMNTQ3Mg+2p8/f576jFq1avEiypIOMbPocOXKlcyob9++4JZXwBtBNsG/9A9gOA0A1qdPH9COEZMte7YhH72Dv1i3br3BHw5JtMbv2rUD0wTksCiEKNHNlBpRXLlv3z5qSzt06CCSFDAYF0OBG4RO7QqVrQmJYfGxtRs3YKHjIqLBMy8y9KlTp6AT1uuPKBCokHGgkVqHuLj4mTMhD0unTl1iY+JGjhzl5+eH1NbJW0YHgcxu1qxZ3AMn6TAMDogELcLowz7+lJTD4kWLlaFpTbwRchvzAqmk4wEpgC/+3XdTevZ8EfSgROvUrf3MM8/QgNooaAwKRAZCjK3atbt6++adO7cb1Kh+7vRpxvr8888BafPmzZBNUFAQhEpB1unTp8EGoQh6eP7555EOkhZMbz9B/ATV33vvPW5YuB49eoDnKVOmsMr16tVj+mfOnIHamzdvDmEwELSBRQU8kh0Q7NEnFA6Ew8d+uWjluorVqvv4+q5csfLS2cv0gIkJrlgU8IMVf+362YjIW8OHfwp73roZkpBg5UWoi0gY6wsC6QqD/uTJk5AEdipIhnJ4DlEBw+DBg1FOzOPWrTsdOnQC1ePHf969+3NEvJgvsGEi0Iyo4f4Dh2zJ9slTpo4YNYZsJ8a0vtb0wOwkxYCJjxcBZkjPe3p5Fy1eesOmLZQTwWtdO3dIsiV26NTF09vv1d59V69d36hJM3d3D0gLygFRoJfCwAEDBu3etQcPon6DelZrYkK8tWqVanQL2CgbaADtKGjHpUHmgEZwzj0455OpwaoAMHHiRPrEzkizJDRNI/IBo4dOmCwmCOKLhywQYOtyRoIZtIRo8+XLhzQDn5UqVUKDgg3S9mAG5qI9LAPmeZfGGPqQDbaXOEg6PfMVFg+8zIjwOBDWrVcvJCxs5uzZvgH+FatUXrx0yXNdn8U+KFS0eDxsZ7c3rF/33XfeZix4nP7hYuYO2PSPAKRDXBElWFQwLqldm7br1qyNj427dvWq2ew1c+YPdkd81+c7Dhs2lAAG1gCrg50NSOmhAufCd0wNnyFXrlz0hb8kMQyGxvQhOJqBo0ELlI8Yr1i21LvvvhubaMVOUngjsZ2cjONEn+CWtdi6dSsLCr/TLVTELL6dOu31N9/evX9/0xZN582fExefuGjREtqDSbrt168fbMW4vIuGZhR8S94NCPD/4cdp+/fv69y58+FDR8ifM9DQoUMRy3yLQwsXiDmSHlr+ZL0gfkCC/pGxzIsEB89hZ/6kE+4xsJAb9IMSsXiYeeXQyeNvvjfI5GkuVbIkGYoM02dNRaqzCshh3LwEzBCno3jZ0o1bNLt868bRUyc9LT5Tp3zHuowaPer1N/rh78CqpFrYZCDpvD/xuGS4h5vdECWhDJa/9RJTDjKtVrUaUSKzyeTr7V2qeAmLyQM+pERO0oQgDiwgjIjSQBN8SgyNwANf6Zkq2V3GVyCLNuAaLYUURotDl4g//pQpoBIkTKRi+toTKJ5XWGboHg7nISXHSBAM6vRxIfrEtmDfB9wLAfEntCKvI5ElIlegQAEJd0sSDj+AcUuVKrVn7/4Ll68M+WTop8NGbtmxu0btuj4+vt9P/56Cyr59+rz2am+oqlylKpeu3R47bvzzzz9ndnPzMrlBXjKjDIhnCNTME088IcYK/aNWARuo+KRoH8QyBaw0iYmlf52Zli5dGuxB35j/IA0sIRZBONTPn7lz5y5fvjxJDZYGscW7oJ1uZV8AUomHyDj4AT6R3UfSP21oCbTPPfccGhd7ok3rtot+Xkm28pcl83u91n3Jkl8EUZJTQEkwFqKB1QHVvIgcoRMmJXJHeAZOO3P1Uq48uXNnDT68Zx/SJyI2munjIGLKwCdI5D8prqZDgAFyDw8SruYSJYpaLKa2bZ8illO0aGGEGh2mxw8ySLIYLCXd8ieSDicJ/CB6wMzZyxdINf8488eZM2aUK1m6bvUaaH3SljqDMDnyqKtWr1q7dnX+AvnqN6gPEeLW0CdxFMgM04fGlB+ibLJmDYaKDh852qhRQ75Cy0LJmEcYcygq5A6EASS05zlrx6oh/tKjXUc+ihyMSW5O2AHLjPagSKptkLBEHTAmsJLBKvyFMSrLIZ1ww4oA5NsD+z3ZvHHvV/u6uVu+m/6dh6ICF5aVwAxm3/r167Hv6zdsULtObYrFeGvL1i3U6mAaIh/BGDRPcQm2PvQA8MwFJDMcfM3CAaREvDEvtmzdGBTkO2LEUPpftWrt5s0727fv8Oabb4rlCsbwKBrUq716+dJ2rVvhvhN1N6nqjrQLux8VCztQFYv0x9Rj7iw3ZDNy1IhatWuhj2GQdWvXxcRE+/r4MlmIrVHjRkuXLgEzMDvtUY3Y1ph6I0d+UrHSE8uXr2nb+hkPD7OHxfWVXi/BBUgMpobps2zZMibCWmAe4TCAYTQ9AOzevTu9Dw16gQ8GESiFAWVdQC/TB2DmxXJgjKIbAFJPQcqNCCgYBJyDT3gEGuMh2hHUMUG+hRTr1q0LwTBrwkisMo6TjKLjh4FAMnQLQuhNuDgwIMDkYYK6UJAQw3c/zHhjwFtTJ02MuHVtxNCh127eOX/xsmSBaY8hAr8TleQeA5HOISSQQE6IwpldO3f07d27Xp06nZ5+xsvTd/v2XeFhUatXrev6bDc0F+O2a9cOGMSZ0aECSIwtgMe0JbjIV9AGEELqrAJ2G3KMdzMIPUACEno7f11tapsDWbpQwEEyQOXtIDmkAZSDRYJQZZooUUlB8lXPF3tADxXKl32zX++6Natao8IWzpkFjzAKC0cOF7EmSWGsCpYbEcpMAwMDli5dNu37ae+//z4ZKyQcE8GLIw/LkoEZOBFWhVahcx1a/gR1dIX7isMDJARNKbfiXdYOKhWOk0yiQA6t0SEaZ8SwUb179waA3934I+x/+PBh3sXfM6WShEl1WJOaNGiU1S+gcP4Cvv6BsfGUbqTu3LHjwL49xYsWhviR0jCshIV0MsuAW/3Ph2tJiJL42y0JwSYsSjklioXcZtagLN5eXmShRRnzLYOCAk1ugrQU1l7Sw3jmsCKiE8yKokVC0Zh72Al25Qmd4CjgWWJBIwWgMNE3uJispWSPEHM8EflLVziL4H3x4sXoUeKBEG561DMuEgS91bhxo1kzZ2AP+/v7YbywNYDnx44eQ+hs374DK5ie4Q3gp09JmZ89e75ypeqokG+nwAXfLlm6zORhDrkd2vW552bNnjN/wbwffpzODVVwxEqYAgYoOVeYiukzTTHmxJ6Tcg3GEgOT/sVp5iHQvvHGG3hahByYApop/Y52eVcMW0jfZPLIkyefmyv5SfeTJ05JuQDkTj/gVvADZngoKR7BEpPiuaQ/4QHxNnRCFAaAP2lGPwULFIqKVJL3xPHjr7/Rf8fO3X5+/rxOnzSACcE/ECJERJmJXSgUTyfacqtdr02aN0NcRkdEht0JQ4phVXz0yae58+QFe+3bt4sMD0N365sGtCLCX0sJ6QFcMYS2mqnxCXFEQhMTE0we7hQA8i2Omk7bggTmxY1YUVxMhBURCHE+SpQpQyVjaFjYiOHDz5w+tWv7NjADzej6mJoTl1QPa0LS8OEjL1++tnvXwYjwqFu3bprNHgyHmqHaZ/eePdOnT2vd6kmaoh7sKY5z5y/A8KwavWmB4njGhTuAhJsiRYqAKNCC6YNlo5vCOuZpoy1cLupVtbiVSgXzhImDSZaVVzB3oNV58+du2LjuzJlTR48dQcClT6OCB5rhvDqTbdjCzZs2xj0uXrKExUuV3YgRT5/4Q1gM61bv2LXjUHRULNZJ+/Zt3UhWu7pCq6LMQBQ0xui0xw0Qsc7rNMCKhWZgEyzg1m3aNGzS6PzF8/Fx8UcPH+v+fLc5c2Z9MX4cRWSn8LE8PbFHa9Wo0b1bt/fefdcaj2VpUptr7l7Mi1gLgQEQJUvMN4wFt9SuVYtCBkWN/v4UDaDY/APgVmSxGTuP5zlz5RQ5gyUtVEfnVE9euXyVPBAQurm6EGzH+WYtAB5v3s3dbemSX8LDQoOzBHlazFSAkht6+ZVXVqxaGZQ1C9/yorvJHYqivbgZXLq0Ab0sH3B6e3lWqVSxW48Xvv9hRp269Xbu2K6KKLWL9rIiabJRKwcWixYpuG/vPox4OSiEs2ACAgNANXYqoZ3QUFK0F4XHf6UKiwWBcP706cSYmBuXL4MWdhOol1NSvSyeQYFBVF5DI+4eHhfOne35wovkRrPnyCkcffDgQW6gOoZgBRFEcrgCkg1sJ7ukhkSGxVrjFyxeuHrDhq8mT9myZfPoUWP37j2UEKckNt3yOgaQ1BipIgNqz12ATfk2RYoU7dLlufXrN2bNls0fMY6JmSXL+x9+uP/AARQq4ppXBAydN+ELeoNmVqxcBT+OGD7i6KGDWl2v6pClRNljNmEKECoQDIA64qkgHLnmY0qxuKfWqVO7c9duL7zazzMgCJRCYKhk5AxkSTPGwk4SxSQruHfP3tmzZl+9esVOMQd1LQmJly9fIfJHgHDu3DmEK6ZPn87qZFAT4AoRSqCI1BiSgYiOGAGyC49xqSAmEpg7D4ycGhHBbrgUrG1PDwsLU6pkKZDl4+sjZeVS3sY/fQgsQnqAqVlNCIGySj8fX/jcYjYHWFxMqcnIaMJ4TVq1+2nJSgJXRPiwmMV2/0sl/tAtiV+lpE6kf8cN2IHrPL29ZUtkbEI8gUtXEyLeE+kPvTIuKNM0nBWmVcXGri5RkdFU3mIZCM/QBlKgvYhLlBkKmJ7BIMYmahtFK3Qp8Wea6foV0hR7QngYoxgHBfsDXUs8gAVLP3E6xIwgDoYCiI+LpYwOjqdMqFmTxkQR9h3Yh0qYPv37rl2fFYUkKyfuY9HCBffv2X7m5EEPN5uHW9LPc2eH3bpVME+edSuWR4Xd8jJTfeb88btp0RHRPt7eRM/Yw2FPsYt3JaF7cTXkRvS3aFz+5CEYE5WDOQ9XEGwACeKLp3d3pA0GEBgFmZ4WCyh84omKVapWheZQIdKbRHTAPzKUexiAfhhCLCSeKPvPboe3mRp/Ci0wEMqDlmI8qd//tNtq1qrq5ubx7rsfVatS68svxteoUVPWiAZ4+SJkBUUSDpEn9MlDzaJKQfHs37cfSUELi6eFiH1sTExQ1uAtW7fi6N++dfudd95WmxtU9T01TRSZ/WZvo9iI9A/CQF5sTDxRSuX1uVIvrc7a0n1HmQXjAgBvybz4lnvmC1rohPY3lKJSEodksrtHapZsys7DtRIS4lJ18O6uZosHlSucL4DpBVK3bt0kUyMjGxCQBQW5YMG89995G98TPFDMffT4MeBE7CK/CBWIzlYulbZTFzeFniFLJBQNhPLTywWxKa9cuSzhHJxUbQsRhoqLFA7LmmKpBAX6ZwsO8PPzYhfx7t1qJ7qq8b+7giwNCGdVsd39fL2oLKMu2Bqn4nxCgSCEfgjOBQR6g1emFhsXdfLUMUoKsS+lkJnGIEqUEBdcxhzFjmdSwobiRK5YuSYyIvqlni8nJCawdnt27/D2MhcqlBef/MSJY7SvWLHS3AU/fT352+07d1WrWZvsBrV0uuzBd2RGxPwJDNAznMLcsbRUmtlp98DAdHHJGpwte85cAYFB+fLkRlJT+kmYmK9KligOgUkIE5RqtZOUbCflyZvzxo0rmuZzvXn9VnBQ1oIFCkLt2XPmrFWnNkGI1q2fIhNHDT5bRTp17IjmQ2KARohYdjSQZQAMnS+EooTIZRMNQiwhIX7o0GE3b99q9VTrjwYPxo3WJ0VLgBFzhEvsDxDLUubMlefMmbMazGqLn8VsITdVtmxZekOOFi5cUIhQJ0U6Gjz009z5cg9+b+CP30+dPnNGz1691NLe3V1mUrW1zkkTv/r8y69WrtvQ9bluIbeusy+MQSEDITBggJwAXgw1EbYebqYcwdl8PD2PHTyY1d+/QqnSxUrk3rZ9s6fFG1vq1OmjKS4qFAGbAK1IUU0QqQ4jIsI7d+r84QcfjB//Rc2aNaw2q+TnQSwuEC4cIVKMCaF8HS2MDvGDmdrVK4OuQsWK16rXEAJAsoNSZBSRG9ovXbpU8ikQGM8hBpV6gG5TXMIi4lq2bNe//6AlSxY1aliP/jFDyWXQGAJQEGhRVZ4T4IFlEFyDBr2DgdKt2/PHTxyigDUwIKhUyTInT56CvKmioFCPCAHTTG9JsO5SNSViRFYTDLAoiBH8IsphKezw8fI7feosYk8ls/g/JiMsnJIaExkFJaviYm0DuNSHyi4rISSJaYlwAGCEPIEZsWbMfv42VUjnLF2qZNjNG0+ULoU8YS4YNMKJf6nHH64lIfQkcuRvvFSKS3O1kSyyEqhAkbZwDqhBMAn2WbZvJk3C9CaGiYSPjY3jOXl9OBY5grmABcATwg+EnrAEuQfduCaIxU2bNoFHAokELQhO8hwBJ9sTRK6JuaAjmpAUoxPgvXemQMJDQlU4MXNmz+YlNirs3bPn5ZdfiouPZt/EkaMHzp0/tXnLegp2oEiZl8yob98+WJ2tW7fFtXpr4MBDhw+VKVv2ywlfxMUlPPNMR3JvXZ/tcvv2rWpVq7ATnZkSQDt1+hR8AorgLt1uEEQJSxM+YQjEMaFmwqRCWDAbuWHOxoGveJLeDhVWUdZAMpWnVv478ZsJTZs3bNeO7VpPYbHhvkhlABP8+OOPWQKJl4JJKlSEEDXHKW2TmKygjiiGQ/zRjMYy9KrVazs8191qd167dv3a5QtXzp6c/eP34tSyuMQGhW8F+aw+mGd0DBpYkbVjsRiLlD8tSX9QEcLqsJqs4LDB7yVb42tUr/bB4ME2J8X3Zuy899//AHMhw8IJgQEqPAxI9KkpCWVgMVlRexleoX+AxCeDeJALkB8YFrEu4Rbe6NSxw4L5P73R741FCxeSBBXGln7UPjp391btnlm2dG2fXn1PHd877dsvSWTwIuMGBAQSKzp//mKhQkW9vFhH93Ztn86aNXvHjp1xX37++WfCm+gGMIDyIBJDh6AFCucGYMjOAh7CkchwBuTzZ0CAj90Zc+v2xfiEaPYtKmBSlaktSEb/oXTr1qu/fsPG1WvWgFjyXBoGfkUAeoJkv0hwMtnMiwCJ8IiEwYCBGDId1qtbn01upKumf/9D6VKliYVI+FBkBa8ooaldegqJ59zznEFJTDBW/Vq1Fy9YGBsdg9x/8ZWXdu7b8/wL3ffs3fvFF1+uWrWa4bCqsaIIYLz00kuwLe+mXy9MLkiIPiFR0MINDgakBZ4lj4aAJtIDSnkLigJCllJIGjMUx0DMYskf0QYwyEgiRsRWoxNvb6/AoECm4+Xp2ePFF3fs3hseGVu9dh2Ll2+qm8eN26H5cudmj8WJI8fYD3T25Ck0AZ3zLpr4XlIUyeZ0Me07dOynuTN9PFw+HzuyVPmK7DzQ1T+QMLqE94VnAYxpUsXw8ksv8RBBJwLhzOkrffu8mSNHLl9fb/b7pKRaKVQSfSNDs/Cv9XwZL7ZavTot2rbq0O5pD3UERdpZkJrxpKYp4RMMPnACQsAk4SuWm5aSYlZ2vLs79/QMO0Ccp8+cgAiLFSuFTfzd1C9271tBEpn2tWrVCPAPGD16TER4BDMi7yNSQqModk+aUIhYP2ERoQnWaKfDevXS+bCQmxGhtxLiIz8fM8LfzwdLgmIsECWElB6HjCi5SIQ/tjurRgk8whOoIFrUgUhywgzcQCpQApDTWJQ9kIMfMbWZoLgriB3IgCoZxCltAJiFI3SHoMgWHAzwpImbNG3co8eLd0Lv0E+t2jUJLU+c+BWUNmPmDEnIpqdJ2tw1RNRC6EzKWOh1uo2KCLtx8cy18yezB/lbE63+gUFqQ7iWDecTeY4K8zB5wH2DhwwRP0eUiKACgIEKpYCa4E9EtFRp8JApyIJiS6EFOEGHaX700UcEZjKQ4h/+KQT3eF0QLsRHtKpGjdqnT50fPPiTggWKPPNM5+XLVqPSYF2qFuSIMRwObx+f3n37zpg9p1iJUoM/+oQd7IePHsuWI2epMuWOHDtOkWbd+g29vHzq1GvwxZdfZQnO3u+N/ucvXsqPsPbxq9+42fivvnZ1N8+cPYdILNUAsAr1RDB8p07P+voEPtmy9dGjJ9TxE1otDCFf0TEZLhaJNQawarWbfjbhG7PFr0rl6qEhdwZ/+CHSmkoZTx9vv0A/d7PHGwPeJItPSxQAwk6LqaTs2Lk3R848HmbPUmXKh4RFoF/jk5PHfPmVydPHzezV761BoWHhlPLZkpKfbN0ub6HiVes0RNajmykrg1aE1MAGUEExNWrUQA0QynuiUtVNbDFKSaUGjzY0gOF5RWQNr6SfBX+SoSSq1qZ9q5df7dniyZaXr15hczqaduwX45lA2/Ydur/4cr/+A3kXJGCBwZNIMWwaqpmgZugSZUYpu2Ye9dWTLIqUHY4r587ieBI1nPDV5Jp1Gr31wSfRNjY/pb70ah/cXGTuM0+3l5QtrAt+8Odge4ET40mc8p8XL166coXZ09K4edOQ8DCrPRk7SWw+ZAcjsky1aldv0KDe5GlTGjdvtuCXX+KS7VOnTsEN3rZt693DnFSfIAQpCaJAY69XX0Puv/XOe9Th9O735rmLlwd/8onZyzLwnUHK0JDXyHw4nBRmlihRytfXv2/f14+dOlv2iUqtWreLSbBeuxlSvFSZho0bRUZHkR/p0qWTt5fF5OYqG0AkGazwgCFrS8SLfK7Hy54+RG4Dihcrvm/fHlxYWR3i53gRKGDtEDy1k3zt2vWoKh/fQC8vvwlffZOQaDt+4oy/P6GLN6yJSfv2Hsybt2CHZzqjSyZ9M9Vs9i5evPSPP8zigA19cZkBxBAQ6FevfrXFvyxs374NkuvE8ZOJCdaWLVtTirV79z5eb/1Ue7PZ4u9PJaX3qFEjWWJR9no/lFZgc3fr3v3LCRM4YGfylG85GeLQ4cOsGgSAfBe64uAKi4oN++C3fTVhIpBcOH+J5aMKgSkhrxHfcDcqB5HHwpHvR5FzmlDBQgVff+MNKHX02DFly5ebM29Om9ZPFS1ePMnhtDqcT7bvYjJ7Uy/pH5Bl46ZNbFPKmTMvpwhMmDABtoWnAFg0k1wEAyQBFBScg5pBTy9fYtdLVqz081e6n/Q2KgGfEhqgnG70mGHePpay5crMnvMDhfp169WVUkryBUhnTD1WEEWFQkKLYy0xaJnSpffs2i1Mp071cDoKFCy8dPlKFojiRJiuSbMW/n5BJYuX7tmzl6fZp3ixUpcuXpZybIxCwRUIESRDJJAi5U0xcXHzFvyUK3u2saOGjx09snjJMuGRUaIMhELg987PPlesZOlboRFhkVGVqtYoUbIMoXVCbz17voRxM3z4sEFvD2zZos3ZsxdI3MyePcvbx7NDp7bUgzML+hGe4mSF6hUq4Ypl9ffN6ucb5OVTJH8BrEkKtNElNEYRMiKgwuZwJUkrIMSWmDVzTtMmLaC0FctXc8QJLSEA9tGAf+5Z+PqNG98MCTlw6FiWLDgbJLAszVo+FQvR21Nmz11s8fIvWrxk4eKlsLd8/YPGT5yUwMFAoE8diZYaFRuXJ38hcpT1GjZo1vJJb2/fDp063Qm74+npTamgVE1R+CUSj0uTn3YsexiN8hTNgVdzZI3AM8C8OWBASGhoufLlLF6eNWrWaNu+vafF32L2/fnnJVWqVEccHTt2HKwCPPUQTARF26hxYy8f70pVKodHRmzbsd3P36/7Cz2WLltWoWLFtevXUXt65txZesYGJau+bPlS/wDfBg3r3rhxMyoqJkeOnOJskHMUp1QQzgoyBG4Pz0EjNitLLxE4LpohMHmxSMH8DWrUqvpEOYu7mSrjEydPQPD0hkqi3hNO0VzEpLr16vBw+PCh6rySZPTRr0ehwFzI5L5939y371CpUmU7dexClVJYaCTKlEITiEcCh1iKEDZBFyC5T9vgsfzdDYkrKmZz4GwR/yEjoGI4iDWTh/ZcC8mKJ3fjVkgWcpMqwO7EXlNH2KWk4umSjSNwqo43cVAFHQv6uKc9kpK+EhKt16/fKFWqeGxcQlRUdIG8udW29rsJDo1I1SFx0KU3e9zZMu9wkG4kB4a+lGBs+ksEijLVfYK8LabrV6/lzBrAztWvJn79bI8XmcuRw0dYNhpMph5i0jcSShKHG/5xcXfjfIewsAg2rFI+IYFDpnH1mtrkmSdPbnaNqvCfq1u8zX76/AWLt2/pfDkQcNDlvcAg8hDNOKZVatUrWrgAFEC2hb2LzGnX7j1YADDkvbEs4cwbN2/CJyjXypUqeXt5a1l1dfIjpsyuXbupWG7UqAHpaLGCCW+gDzBc8I+hUTCMsod/CLHwHIsYck9zHVKcEaG38+UtuH3PvsPHT8UnJPXo+byvlwWMU068YcPGPHnyli9TctWK5RgQhFUkPEAQhQsQYHUikyQ4atSpferMaVHMREfz5M7DiYAoJ2xwlAq5Kqji1PlzV69djYyIyJ49R/0GDQj+JcbGkl2SGkOx4qVPwo/QAxIzZ67cFh+/Sxcv+fn5sBoEbMkfxSeo2rHyZctlCQzSzgNSq8K4ly9dJntCPdr+o8cC/PzjE+ILFSwI3nCjixbICwBUFKJWcSAIoqDh0tcCq/ylojPXC1euLVy8PCQ88p1B/XMHqZoboXn6x2OgYkt/i+dbtu3YunUHpiehVGoHATsyPBITBNaIiY5OUDsy1M4gEP7zz4vppEsX9rk4qRsVEkV2oC+XLFmCxpW6BFG6xYuXuHrlJt9mzx5cu7baj0OdL54eREWZYQafj2/bt2+PE79sxfLNW7a0adOWqg6WacWK5WyRZ7nZvsECiVe3dMkqSL1UqZK1atXE9tqm9gxnxftRRalnzzJHwEAlA4lKVDudqAFOg+EEIfohJAv1kplKsKnMXc+er1CA7OridutW+MYNa0NDQ3r3fpU0H9PcsmXb/r07qUMiq0gsB0YASD07CWykG1iUF1557Zdflly6eLFPvz7Xrl5pUK/Bl5+reB70wzSBBFZ/661BWKvjxn2GLYUspuKP/vE4YSXwQxgcPQpCuIfScDkgciQ7SXf4SGclKlXRQ3qFHfNduHBJ23Zt4d9Vq9aULVfW02Lat3cP5C27VyAz+gRdQA5XQi2QDbYaNjGqEb8W2CAzkCNrIRYAu6giomO9ff3oBGXAjhI2YGcLgjEbMSk0uoS4SWJKfRhTICMAZmTPDk/AuQoDpKZs2bhx9+49Zm+/qLiEIsWK7dqx49a1i8R4hAFRzKwFLbF+4GgqfLHsd+7Yw/YxMmXe3j7EEXLmyHnp8jlBO0XcgKR2jDdqUlxljVOPHz+5ZfMW8PNU66fy59dOfnM6t23bDr+3aNGM0CSQsFNRBQBUZEwxGXNcv34TJQhUGRcuUuTrr78ZNOgtcpdsurl97Qq5FQo8ETgif2gMZqAo0q8iS5kdcSOmf+DAAZIa0Jiruxs10Sj4SZO+Yb1atnxy7crNPr6UghGruJI1OIuPj3fjxo3oELuWxBx8FJwtGxGFdu3aFyxYAFFMUQ6xbYp6oBby2oS9d+zYznE4bKThT5ZMSBpdQ7gaFLEEED9emV5NJbYCKCVYAgmxCgBPYJhXZGX5ltUnLh4RHvnkk61Pnz4VHJytSpVKhJDA/+o1q9D3NKZGVTiaECydw4zsyJPkhSCExphZXD26v3zo4EEvby+0IXEUzuCKiQWocGYHElgvgIQ1iCkiNPRc258HJx5LS0JlhrSNCVo4TlVHSTWlVJco7Xb3ODmFQe0oUHVmmxAjH8rKUmKfuK1SwMoISYWksCRUSF87wo9txjIEeCQ7pR1yl3YCvNhomlhH2XPoUBTUnDdfnpMnzg4ePATjLn2tomBfBwnVSKoLGwcq37hp45DBH7G1l40/KtfPpsrp34eHhtOJzEIoQOxJgGHWWELYuWJkaOe2Eo/i1B0HVTOiZlT/ROk5ukcrOBD+yUABInEUSOQckMGuqeGhoTN/nO7p7TNl2g9QoZ6Z1l/Up6zeQtFpPCk9M7rkGMS+Vnd3CVc0Om3AIc/4VuaVHiQxdHj1+vWrJUuWOnPmdO48eZQJ6ECAmtNvUlZroR0II8jkRiUFtSUTRcsoMqI2LUUBCm8aYIIcwSe8CrJRrtzjlqgONZ9AF/qCHwDjodwrZSC8eJe6MCOJ4fCUXYBunDCmDtkFD9qZuxqEKvNtV/Xh+lICiTgfMmXBlRCqkpNSyyIY14ITMke+UjXFd6lI8CnYFsmosCcv3W2vsEF2TINYqy1QOIG8BP8yugwq3Yp2p40ide0SfIoMUvh0dUPEa9NPqwXhNoOtCebR1oSFKdpgNgqqVPAGEXKGnjLr9f5ldI155UfgAByqUP43X0lxqCyxbOilJQ+1kxAVB8sseAl+0cmSXngFnmVnAeiSEydpRmZFcKgjUDesVfVAmpTQiz1cSH5Xr1YNowrLQMbVIHEdOWL0p0OHhdy+mTVrFjClISeNrmTtBIGyuMIastYMoQtinuhgyNpRcURNDeJFqsLVEZNuaVlFGkt6EcTKQvCKOCRCAAI8n/ItNzIi9xqKtFSRVu2hEYfqR0wEGVrwoFN4+oolQd2yZUt6dOt28dJ5zDKzxczO1qtXrq/dsIW4grwo4LFqvMulJ5oZWuQwlwAvsOm6nBlQD6EsY5FdZjMiiydCikyLJSSkpHDipGTEpE6zvjtZNUd1FuWvfKQdYqtoVeYufCHEKYui9akucSzFNpU1UoAxNI31A9YUYBpPKdZHy6iyEMqlpDdZVtgBiGSawrGUvBE0kTUSGNRvDGhyQ6c9nVbpQXJDupoQiSFYlcUVUkk/EfrBjBYZpQ2tLm2l0lZYxpIXMZWIBJN5wXZJjxCWQ4rVZO6KZaBAk7LYhBJ0YhYECjz3+qJpQ2b4j8D0eF3CURJ70MhF/dPCe2nHCOpRLCUl1e8yQBXJ/EPNUrLCE3WU/91TXzj4RZ0db08ioif32pmy6mhZukXlaDt0lZoUOSv8c/feiRsUGEQg2sT+Zh4KbBmuu3BK3xwTo8If0dGxTZo0hyxUfsPTy2LxGjJ4sHZUtwrN8YpQvExQ/RqFBoz+p0xYjZjWXgGmtiGoI4O002TvyVDo9Kf3rJ196xg1fKift1ehAgXwGASrGeCXyaqhUZjJIJAj4dRUtROiFWAaguW88LQloBNBheRNhFLl0mOPuvylwYlTJyHZ3bt3cj4IYVqIPA35KmqknVDNWcva0cICHq/oBCBol27Vp/YDHoIcuaSlNNDOGU9bIwFAAp76wslDXb/ebaBNUzujl8baodGgQZ0fLP+0w3/pX51uzOm52r3gRE1AO3xTO1BZK7wQnOirrONBQ3Ga+aIIhXXUKvMFb/rSpK373ZXSSFmd00wYWJ1BrYJuaiHkFW3W6nWp6NammbZMssrSuY4lwYP8qY2o+pAehAukNDL9JWhH+yIcbZyAzfFJxEw1FlK/QKEfb3yXICHjdCStFlowoK+swKPlb9KKnYUotU91nDb4lx/qYHrqbbUQ2vnb6nBudbyXOrVajaJ9eZdz0/OmLiIARjsyWx29f/PGDfxmHEfmKMgSGDp37sTUiLHJ8mkITKMuwYOYsDoadarLMKLAI43VVxpxCIiCbp1f9EWRJ+lXR2BIT7E6X8uSKdxKt4oQ1P3dpZRFlCPnf116fSz5VnrevGUzAT8fb8+33uj1zhsvt29SvVzRggQXhaLSwynso+NZAFBiU6N5vaXOZQoijUmlgaKutAXSfl5II3ghD83E15ZYZzMNe+odjbO0PoXQtPYy5XSX/qdwnL5qMmUlxiEp7Vx2bQlgXEXy6hhLTeCw7QLlK0umL5w6p56GSWgTxeuARnaYUTUelN+OUZJBVpNRZOKy4oJbHYf6wunYSyOMX382JW0ydyGXE/TTftlAlEIGqoN0CSpLrc9dcv0VIzILmb4Gm6Il+Z0E4QgBW+hNFvo+r8cyJvH7NtE/9BR0b9q0idgygfd7oxF/BBRLxVcELNmdxe4gtu4Q7CXJp1I1uifxSGYEJWHDEt4nak0iFroRy/SRDJ42CCFWov3IKcKkHDxA2Baj+BHD8Cjn+58ZS6gFoUNKZdy4cfxJ9BtniOW7z6DovwcVECFFAGRDyDMS1yWJIH4eaQiq8wgvk3whKUDK4NEzyKPHEmtKUoAIpez9ITNI4p90hniruqv96AEzRvxzDIg5hVTXYw+PBmOGJfGgeEZ6YgbKdp37ZzAxlolNYQkTLlMh97SUKuHN/+GHaB8U+ruZF+whxmcWACaRyQfv+f57gO4lRCzBUrEhDEvi/hH4T7WEhkWviO/Fn5CQHuH/p6DK3Liy10Cmw0RgBzH3ZY7yhBthkPsN+WYOlH/BW+JGCyDi9Yp8EPw8YvnwL8DHYwOCEK2eAH1kcBuWxIOiWoI/wlr3z2Aij7RX0hhWSjG0BOcj1eICvC4u/9eJPCj67r6PtBIGABLDhvi7sPqw+9GJB3qWRL7kXO+fER42hPffP2CLRSvAy4x0U0mspfQFCvff82PaUuZ772oaHPpvXlBdkj9iKWpYEv9mqjBgMzBgYMDAgIEBAwP/dgw80nT4vx0ZBnwGBgwMGBgwMGBgwMDA/4gBw5L4HxFmNDcwYGDAwICBAQMDBgbSYcCwJAxyMDBgYMDAgIEBAwMGBjKPAcOSyDzujDcNDBgYMDBgYMDAgIEBw5IwaMDAgIEBAwMGBgwMGBjIPAYMSyLzuDPeNDBgYMDAgIEBAwMGBgxLwqABAwMGBgwMGBgwMGBgIPMYMCyJzOPOeNPAgIEBAwMGBgwMGBgwLAmDBgwMGBgwMGBgwMCAgYHMY8CwJDKPO+NNAwMGBgwMGBgwMGBgwLAkDBowMGBgwMCAgQEDAwYGMo8Bw5LIPO6MNw0MGBgwMGBgwMCAgQHDkjBowMCAgQEDAwYGDAwYGMg8BgxLIvO4M940MPAIMCA/W/8IBjKGMDBgYMDAQOYwYFgSmcOb8ZaBAQMDBgYMDBgYMDCgMGBYEgYdGBgwMGBgwMCAgQEDA5nHgKsROM088n77ZkpKCsh0dVUojY+P9/T0tFgsf9S50+m82zjF6XSYTCbednNzc3V1oQ/eoh/+vE/YnM5kF5dUu91Je3d3d3uyw9PLi3uG4M/77IRmSUlJtJcpaCClCAw6kXDzl1AxNXrgstvtciNg3A8wEslnXN7ik6H5BBL65FMg0bCkUPQnl7wro9//9P9ksWRSAoxMRHrmuWBJz0Hw1V+i6MFBMnowMGBgwMDAvwcD96ur/j0Q/2shQaOgVyIiIt54440BAwaI5vujS/TQ/gN7Pvt82Pgvx7i6JidaI2fPmd5/wOsOh+N/nSPqFcskPiFm2vffPNe947JVs8RM+Z/6kVfWr1//zTffZHhXV/D3oyPFaAAVov7Pnz//7bffJicn36fNqhsBNpsNWwTjhiceHh7c0+H9AKCbPtLVg19gAwDENDl58uSNGzfS98zDhISE8ePH3759+34srQeHx+jBwICBAQMD/yoMGJbE37Yc4isfPHjwxIkTd+7c+XM1hsrBYkhMsE2eNOP0qUvoyiOHT2/cuH3Txu3ilP9PYNHZmTOnGjZsUqN6g5bN2vfr/fG5c+fQu/9TJ8Czbt260aNHb9iwQbR+ensiLi5O4ih/2af46JgOmBFnzpwZOXLk/Pnz0cT3Y9lI/1hjn376aQ7tev7555999tkuXbrs3btXTIT77Mdqtd6n2fGXM6IBc7906dLkyZOrVKmya9euDDBs27bto48+Wr58uW7E3E+fRhsDAwYGDAz8NzDwj1kS4ubej2a6F9HoPFG3TtzUZEeqIzXF7kxJdvJptyfjxybbbU5nUmpqsjNV+bW0R7HxKWED9cDu4DM5CZeXO9WbqEntW65kuk5xJDntSSmOZHtSYoqTtx34x3xHJ/p1t709MTFRsht169bNmzdvYGAgyiY52ZoCTIDoTOJt/omnDjB8azabq1atlitnTqvVhn6sU6de4UJFUH48F6NEOmR8pskn00pxpKQ6gUhBlaJmZXeqWatw+8SvJ0dFx5YrX67d0+3XblidJ08ewRutBAOOtCkkM5z6U6HAIdjA+xfkNG/evEWLFlFRUcxU4NSjAmPGjImNjU1yplhTUhOBCESmKrjoVSL8uvXDn2Bj2LBhTKFo0aL16tUzmy18SzvgsCUlccNqOB0pCiyeKfyQnUmzErA/MCAGDx7s6+vbrFmzBQsWzJ49G0OkZcsWa9as0hYhgX/J9kTmz1hJSWpl6QpYnQ5WLdmWGH/l4vmxo0awfExWm75aVsZV/xS8CmCZoMKARh58r9rxkBuQnKIIir9tdkeKCzkn5lKw63Md3E2uefPkZ2UEqzJrkLZp596Ozz7v7ubitCckO2wJqns16P9qzz08sZJpdnt4IBk9GxgwMPDfwMA/aUn8r553eoxHR0evWLFix86NBw/t+Gri6Dlzv7cmR166cnLM2E+3bF2HD+nmRprfhA2wevXqCRMmLFmyBBWEMEVnhN26NG3S+LjIWyt+mffznOnW+EggkRj17t27p02btnXLFtTvqVOnF8yfv3vXri1btqJ50AoE6vE+UbS6UEblozVxVWfMmHHgwAF0rXQVHh5OqcT3309fsnQJDVxSlZrE1Z46dSqh/uPHj0sNAY0JldNAqhnQnfJc1KpYNpFR4Xv2bLdaYzdtWrdlyzpUpzPFdunSmUU/z7969aKqkHBNCQ25duPK+eiwOyeP7I8Ov+nr4UIIgZky4pUrVwAGB93V6ZJsjT9zar+7q/XooQM/zVkYnxCd6mJ3c3MSL7Ba4zZv3rB06dIjR46gyL20MgtJ0GBnfPXVV6BFgRodarJGebkkRl8/t+mXOTdP7UtNScoQKmDo/v37X7hwAXwyF1CUYrdRxXH7+uV9u7a5pTpcU5LVbFMckXduHz24LzEuyjU1LdqhW5bKOHJ3P3r0KD1w06NHD6fDbcH8pcQ7XN1cr924yLqHhlynZ5OrM9WRFHHnFrMLDw25dfPmqVOnXn75ZYCPjYkxe7gkxEWHh9zALty1fcuV82dcXUkeYQNgEZFRij19+rgtPsbkluLmYndxJsdFR7im2i6e3GtPDHNLiY0Nu7Jx+TxrbEh8YqSLq1tUZBzmxqXLZ2y22PCIEF4nk0Nv/CtZMLeFezf3FFdTfGyUJTVRUVpYWCZyVQ9JskgY7CF1bnRrYMDAwD+LgfTu3D8AiR4beMQ3Mu3MDRoTE0MwuWDBgnVq1XiibGmTm6uHu9uXX3xWrXLFggUKB/gH7t+/z+6w2mwxb/R/FecYY6JEiRIffPABOnvfvn2ly5byC/Dr2PmZoKyBHmbTF+PHiYdKfQNB9VWrVuXLm/fLzz8LuXW9ZbMmFpPb1xPGp6YoL3bNmjWvvfaaePnikvLZq1evESNG4EN7e3tfvnyZJ6+//nqZMmXatGkTEOhnMrl++OF7uP3nz5+pXLkC9ROvvPIKlZhz5sxhRIySIkWKNGjQQLx/LJKaNWtK5yowkpy8Y8eOunVqeVncP/9sePbggLKli0eG35wwfkTN6hVfeek5X2+P3Tu34nj3HzAgIEsWD0/Prt27f/jxxy9qQ8yaNQtrBp2KJsazXzhrQfGC+bL4ui2cOzGrr4+PyXfgW68nJcfaHfHXb1yoV7/G228PaN++vY+Pz5NPPin+OlMGY1OmTMmfPz8dNmnSZPioMbFW26y58/Pmyfvaa31qVKna57VXMVPEy5fV7Nu3L2EVbJFs2bJ98cUXP/30U/mSRX+cOqlU4QLe7m7TJn3pTIpPSU46efhAvWoVu3Zo6+/ptnjhbPHvdXpgdHro1q2bVEtgqPn4ejdu3JCgxjvvvFW8ePG6desE+HhOHDfSGhfx9hu9swf6jf50cL1a1fPkzG42uVu0f/ly5xryzoBqT5R55qknB78zINDbEuBlXrN2qcOZwKyXLV9YoWLZJyqUrFO10v6dW44d3P16r57ZA/ymT5nk6+XbumWrsNDQWtVqtGjavHataq/27kbkIvROKGDMnvNtvvw5TR6u3bp3TkqKvX7zYrceXSqVLr5hzYoLly6+/Nqr+fLmmDv9SzAJSYCBzBG58ZaBAQMDBgbuHwMSd7//9n9vyzTf9+/t9GH3JhqucePGHTp0QNOEhoZWqFCBe7zhixcvlixZklA8OMUmQPmh54hGbNmyJSgoiEw27SdNmoRqXLhwIc8HDRpECJ01oLKBfDzdoreQ/oQHIiMj0fTlypXDSpAg/6hRo8iRq0C9Fgbn4bVr1/DgyaDTw8gRY69evZZktz7bvWuOvAVPnL9KDKNYsWJPP/00g6JQc+bMGZ2QcOXGrazBOV7r3SfJZouPjyMb8uabb9I5PeD6Y1gIQQhNMMqZE0f8vD1fG/Dej4tWj54wZe3K5T2eB864pOTEd94d1LHTMzYV7bd1794dZU+ohlfmzp1LOoAAA50sW7YMtx6rgq++//57no8dO5apNWzYMHfu3Ldu3SKOUrhwYcwsGuND16lTB3tCsjB6LoZOMA7ABlMm2FCgQAH8fuBkgrly5cJMEbND1p25YF21bt2aJ7RnaGyC9957j5AGhlS1atV4GBkZWrNW9cvXrgL6mPFfPlG5CuWKkguQTni3UqVKNGb5iKzUqlXL4uH184LF585e9PDwvHrtRoItqXOXZ5kC8yKOgs6uUaPGxIkTWUQWBWg/++wz0J6YlPRst+d9A/w/G//53oMHKlapRAP6JFTTqFEjps99165dGQjz9Ouvv2bHTZt2Tz/X48X+r/edNmni6OEjEm32Tdv2YEHSkvkyF3IZjDhw4EAGpRCE52vXrmVEsMQcIR6Q3KlTpx9//LF69eoQEsEqpgYwD5svjP4NDBgYMDDwj2DgH8tuPEj4BTWD6iJsXrt2bRxuihK4ypcvjyqlRoGLhwhuyukrVqyIWOdPvuWiopC3+Ar917ZtW+6zZs2KlCcOP3PmzEOHDqFmuIgEYJcwBG5lnz59COyjbnkLFVW5cmXWiRcl/42ewJJ46qmnUBsvvtA5Z7Ygh81x6+qtUsWL5suVFT33xBNPoOoAgBIEut29dsmw9wYkxUVev3LJxc1NpeBdXNDNkgUADFE5kvfhk4c+vv6EPwb2ealz66Zv9Oq+dfv2Q0eOjhkz9p133j1z5jRlIYkJiZJkATAwIGQEeNhVdMIswAD3gAr8tHzxxRe5f/XVV3nIBBctWnTz5k10PMP5+/uDMUwKybzwugAmdRsMwVfEeAg2EBXgCXYPlsd3332XPlHFZP38/FRSQ4Oft1gR3gLVGAdYbEyQLNLVq1ffeuutV3q9smbN2ksXL16/fl1eEcKQDNHp06d7a1epUqW27dndsn3bLNmzrly5JMDXtGHlT2dPHcP0oTdMNN7FdiEAw2IxKTDAcxIcJBzy5shZq1r1/v3eqFSufNWKVVhKOseywZzCGiDscfbsWbGoABu8TZww/ofvpowYM9bNx2f2T7Pnz/22Qtl85GuADTOC2QEPBmK/fv3oh3fBOassVhdzpA0kMW7cOAwUald5goEoM3oQmjfeNTBgYMDAwL8WA4+lJSEpfDn8gAsJjnfIJ8JaK/9zIty5UKJRkZEixEUHoDL5Ht3GV0T+0Q00Q9HyOrqHYAaRAzzsefPmUdDAQ15BHzAWipYUCZ6xvgdBKanUFF9fP1IeTZo0f/vt92vWqHHowH7XVNeEuATXFIfZXSkz/Hg5gSAkJAS/duexayO/+q5yrYauJk/K+VxTU1Dn9Cm7DPjE+LBYzJRJ8E87WyLFnpKakupidndxd9pMbqlXrlzt3LnzkMEffj5u3OKfF82bOxezgBeZCDfMVFQafeIrMy42Fuo/S5Ys4CVbcDZ3d3YzcviBy9mz56XecOvWrcHBwXIiAq/zluzY5BKq5QY1L32CurVr12AbaUEI7JWUAvkLcC/NdCMgICAA514e8hbI53XwgJ0k2L55M6R8uYrz5sybPu37+XPnYhCULVtWVlD6AS3YVYRzMFMw8siwVChd3OKSHOjruW//vlbtnglPcNRv3JQpEwyQEA4BADqXcblYX6GTc2fOBmfN6qow6mJTs1ONjx07Vrp06ZkzZ8yZO3vrlq1nzpzNmTOHxdMDhPv4mKmbdHXzaN2mU8UK9fu//lH5MtXYOUJXdA5+8uXLB2HIuFgtgM1DvhLjEmuMG4wS2nNVrVpVwkv6579WFhiAGRgwMGBgIHMYeCwtCfQNEhzZrQfVEdNoEVFCSbYk8W7J5d++HYKUR//xCmqMVAIN0AS8i6xHH6DkpNwBob9nzx4cU1Wc6Oq6fft2fFaMFQbCmFi8eDH6jOoHUbeisBklKioyPt76xbjPz56+4G72m/jtNBeTG+UX1FC4u1tQmehUwuZy3gCh78HvDbC4OcPu3HRzTTFbPNReBu0S950LYAlG8E8zLcgXoFxdzJ6eHhbvVDcPN3dzxcpVdmzfHhMdgxrHyV36y+LoCFUxKhaSFDkCs+hvpiYxCeYFbo4eO+HvH0D23uRuwlCRUg80H+YOvrUQEMaWRCBAjig/CUuIuYP6bNmyJdkcMkrq25SU4GzB9EDj9GEJzBdmLasgOQ45j4EbvtJUr+3s2TPxcTGUXgb5+YTcvE5xpZhcAgYmAn1Sd0JjjCTuPSyeKS7umzZv+27q9+tWr+v8dMdsWYNljwkXwACbLAqTlbiIMpVSnDnz5A4ND+e4L/4lO+y5cuam6IW9LUePHmFzjUuq08XVeejQvrCwkKJFi4Bt7IGUVJPZ3eRrMf3w/TdHjh+uUr368OHDwa1EwkAI09HnJXPkIcst0wQYkC/LyhNqX8RS5LmcspU5XjXeMjBgYMDAwL8TA4+lJSGKUw6RFJ0nehQ95GUy+3l5J8TFs1vi6c4dN27bvH//fnQMIQGcVCwJ3iXAjvKT9RDti/VAOgPToWnTpoTHMRo4AoG4tOg2SggZhRA9Xqweo3ZHGWuHKH799ZfRceGBWSzduj1LWBudgYsvCpj+CQaIUpedFNHRYQcO7r11+zo1mOwaIIeA8y2qiMYov+zZCRuoQxKJRPCEWTAI+hIlJOcqYs1s27ajRfPm2D07tu/YuXNXFhxuF2UW0Mn/tXe2wVFWVxzfZTfZ3SAhSZuNIQlKQafWZpJMx9DWTpGKIkM7wycdzRc/2KmonX6yH9QPtCPWOh3S1sGhTmuLoLxlEpNCAkiIMEMt6oAk5WVq3iwI2ZBIgbyTZPu79795spOZFmMzk0DuZmbz7LP35dz/ffY5/3vOuefxXBuUx2lCO3j0hRJGh6Kiu69cudTbd3U0PpybF9XCGi8P7RM7Aj4ICQNAWonE8EUjiAmlZdjD+c9ijzxcFgql4amJRFLivqFdu3bALajoZeKS+QFIEYm0Fgwfk4YA4TzmBxpcvXplV3fnd+/99rFjRzti5zZufDUajSKzTCOaX8pDO6SDvRdNQRSgO3x75MgRivFRctbX1ysvp7bAMMvySYEqfI4CfIWXBNoUjqTh3Glra3/uuee7u7taWk/trHibMJr2trMpwUgkfAtbPeO+4Z27tvcP9Obl57788np8MfSlpFuYZBTXIlOWTgp/GXV4pwDCIDz5RQhDYWgIA12TvWdm3gucVA4Bh4BD4MshEFi3bt2XqzmNtbgpE1So/ZP49YmCJPCNhTjGhoa9+2OdMcL2FhTkf6v0nq9Gszf8ZgOe+MampudfeKG4pLi5pfWd3bUDZJIgycPQ8PETTS1t7dzri0tKfnD/im3bd7xTXdMR66TwrbkLAjAJnw/Fc/r0maeeWgtRkNIyOj6RPyq+p3Z3VVXl29u2dH1+9cc/WXvg4CHa7Oi8mJuX33TyzN8/+LDt07OFRcWrVv+worL69T+8mZmVPX9+9OjRY6tW/+jMP9sP/+39uemZ3ygs+qT108rqmkv/vlxSVIiPA3WDEsfq/sfNb3Ve6ukbGPpmYWFqagqi5hcU1O07sGnT6x83Nv3ixV9mfiUbCwoESNtTCYfEbX/k/Y+2bduxfWdFODL3+PET6RlZ6L6qqmpiFfMW5BHZWLun7vSpk4Q7EHiIwmtoaMCdTxwl2g7GgwCWNtlECj5//8BgZWX17j17iT9dcf+KSDj8yiu/+vjE8bq9taWl33nyybXyKQgZysc6YuXlv8MjwKTs27cfPgEBgqmwcZcICcT72pK7ikvuqara/ftXN/3pjTcff/yJ791rFu5iEghADgmybTKtbLphyIYixH1Ma2ZW1ht//suWrW9BomA2XV0XDx0+TC+1dXVpkQgtE8OBasdlw4jQ4tCIiooKAkTwTBF4QfrOc2fPPbjygaVLSxubGrmKyst/u3nzjpfW/5ou6uv3v3foYGbmvNKlSwPBQEPDwZ8/+ywI0MWdX7/7+8vu21NbRxzr4iV33Hbbwr/W1MBdGBcxNxzg/AJ5qCqxnGzMgfH09fe/9trGh1atKisrY1BlZY+VbygnkkP5Qqbx5+O6dgg4BBwCU4vADfncDa3g0VtyarD+4+6sFaGWnvpW62AM3D09vehgrPo2KdEIAZMoaZQei39W8X19A6kpKaFQcMikWxpNCfr5h6scq4OxYNskVo8+WrZ16xYFEiYzCeuPIP3UKEv5rOzoHNbiA9fCoSBMJTUlMDziS00lOMBs4udjbx+2dH8kLUTmIzpNT59LEqQ4dQK+EezpAf9o3B/El+FLPHVC693LgyODo760UDAc8Ad88YCPTFT+jouXLpy/cPvtBenpRqTey5fnpkVkCZAnou/aaKzzYkbGfD5evXI1OzuL/F3BlGB/3wCLbvadUJgcTkQaoqeRHwwxyWCqoQVsKmOOBrI3ACY4+Nv/dWFOMDU3JzOUGmBhDZljtwUqfNGiRZ6dJnFpxn2kBkN5h0LhnJyoGZ55JkgiT4biWK/554yOxCnT3NxSsHDhXXcuTjETYviZvBVYFDCNMBDKY9cxs0mUq2FX/qMffNTa0rryoQe7Oi/09vQsXrxkcGgwGAhgW8rKyJh3yzza4cJAnWNmYIMPotKIjBPasMoBQZqIhNOK3B7YnOAfGEvkHOEAegogiAc5Y9dPTu6Chx8rGxoc+sfJU7FYZ35+XjQzva/XmHAU3YnFCxZLF9ixCLXBk4VZa/+Bd5ctX86uECgO1yN06mRj45o1a2RzmtqfsWvNIeAQcAhMIwI3KpNINhGLNAhEHWhpO3Y+sdXC3r4tvTDxB3btTHmWuhRGRydqG9N6kFSFOPcHh2qqq8+f/6y7+/PsnFuf/unPRFCkBsRXZPFWLAJtwTLIq8DKXGUMa4EdGO5hXsaMMYcgS0MUjJzmn4l+VGHOU40eYBWSX++mL+qZQVmVbWIwEV0PxDKxk2a8LJyta8OjUySglIGAWqYIrdnhIr5pM4HXOCuiLzkUOJAnxUoFWKYzPC2mkhHMDFDYKjZCPpfkK5igBYuzR+yMy0V+B43U0LvhkYARzBQzM+D3scHGmz5FEngmCslDNeu84T/xFuwuoZY/SCYoMUgLshCgMDyAFpJl00zppEYqD4538dCdQkMEghDSGCGg2sGCrBbzOFNio2LHQx/ky6BldhezrYNQEpgrxJTyoqRIqH6p5XmCpvGX77p2CDgEHAJThcCkmcQEFT5VckyqHaNQxoiCp3En6DPpLfOtGeK4Z5pi2AGMfjW6wLIN9OtYa1bjox6MUscYft+y5c3Nnzz9zDMvrX8xEjYbLJNtEvo4bgIh2aRt1FAUq1v55HWkM1Y52wdaGrVntmYEggkVbjgNBazT3RuLJ7k2cliqYdQvWn0MMVNWzxHVmQQ4el68qWQeLWre+bPKT9rRUBzjqEmEjqqup1YTx7Tsg4LYFowWRIFac45Vh8nMIHn6SGpl+IslUhZPw4KEldcLgRBSzBrgBFS91vStbcTIaagARgszs5Aby4rETjy5rT9GsgkHGVdUXWJ75zmWEUJdqIr3USUTkujAMAyKJWRWn6qoYqrLXh4212CliKSGDPux4SYqQDZvyTPLbRIebrMch+RfjTt2CNzQCEyaSWgZpzEn3+hvaBQmCC8Fw0j1NA0F1uFAuZnG6MYytQhwhXDZELpB9jPogs3CaTYKXfclIjKrdKrIHJY8b8vudVFyBRwCDoGZjMB1mETyan4Ce+DjBDPATB7npGTTnU7Gaq0pb9aRTgoWV/h/ICD2qe0neteO0Ou+ZAuR52WWvHRXcbaZWTLdbpizAYHx+ESN1rj27X0t2RTscQjvxy9PtsrIn30zgeXd6TwQNMxpH6PnsnHMZtrnYoIAskko0kLOmplwwcw0lDx5PHPmjJXQCeYQcAh8cQTMxndueZ4r97/ZWpONE06NfXF8p7AkU4NBWE4Wp6WmEFjXlEPAIeAQcAj8Pwj8B2TKUtbuzLBrAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

The Plaintiff alleges in her Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) that Cheo
told her that the “10%” written on the Deposit Receipt was a placeholder for
administrative reasons. Further, according to the Plaintiff, Cheo said to her
that their original agreement stood and that the 10% figure was not meant to
be binding on the parties’ respective shareholdings of the Company. In any
event, Cheo allegedly told the Plaintiff that they would be entering into a
formal partnership agreement later where the 10% figure will not be stated.

36 The Plaintiff then says that Cheo later informed her in or around August
2018 that he had incorporated the Company. Cheo further (allegedly) said that
he needed the Plaintiff to sign a shareholder agreement (“the Shareholder
Agreement”) to formalise the Plaintiff’s arrangement with the Company. Cheo
allegedly said that the Shareholder Agreement would govern the Plaintiff’s
investment in the Company and supersedes any previous agreement. The material
terms of the Share Agreement are as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn at p 45–51.

2\. PRECONDITIONS

As at the Commencement Date herein below stated, HSY3 and the Shareholder
covenants as follows:-

A. The Shareholder intends to make an investment by financing the license of
usage of the concepts by the bistro-pub / bar and to incorporate them into the
business operations of HSY3 or by other means, to be ascertained by Cheo Jean
Sheng. Such financing and/or investment shall be equivalent to the number of
the shares apportioned to the Shareholder at the value of S$1.00 per share.

B. HSY3 will thereafter commence business at their intended place of business
at No. 48 Circular Road Singapore 049403.

3\. SHARE APPOINTMENT

A. It is agreed between the parties that the Shareholder shall receive the
following share in HSY3 defined as follows:-

Number of shares| 30,000  
---|---  
Value Per Share| $1.00 per share  
  
…

7\. ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT

A. In the event whereby the Company has incurred losses for a period of at
least four (4) months, the Shareholder agree that his/her share will be
terminated, reduced and/or struck out. In such event, the Shareholder is
required to make additional investment in order to maintain his/her original
share entitlement. Such investment value shall be decided at the sole
discretion of the major shareholder/director, Cheo Jean Sheng (“Cheo”).

B. This Additional Investment is only required to be paid after the Company is
in operation for more than four (4) months.

…

21\. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the
parties and is intended to supersede any other arrangement that, prior to the
date of this agreement, may previously have been entered into between the
parties. Nonetheless, this Agreement does not invalidate or otherwise
prejudice any causes of action (whether finalised or not) that may have been
created or that may have otherwise arisen or that may have existed between the
parties prior to the date of this agreement.

[bold and underlined in original]

37 The Plaintiff did not ask for any share certificates from Cheo or Ching.
However, she later realised in December 2018 that the Defendants’ respective
shareholdings in the Company were only 4,000 and 1,000 shares, respectively.
Based on her ARCA search, Cheo held 80% of the shares, whereas Ching held 20%.
There was no reflection of the Plaintiff’s investment at all.

38 The Plaintiff then sought the return of her investment in or around
February 2019. She held a series of discussions with Cheo until 17 May 2019,
when she informed Cheo that (a) she has not been reflected as a shareholder of
the Company on ARCA, and (b) she had never received the share certificate for
her shares. After some discussions with the Company’s solicitors, the
Plaintiff requested for the 30,000 fully paid-up ordinary shares to be issued
to her.

39 In essence, the Plaintiff alleges that the Defendants then, in response to
her request of 17 May 2019, collectively, engineered a series of events
intended to cause substantial dilution of the Plaintiff’s shareholding in the
Company. The Plaintiff alleges that, without her knowledge, and right before
the 30,000 ordinary shares were rightfully restored to the Plaintiff, the
Defendants took immediate measures to dilute the Plaintiff’s shareholding.

40 By way of a share split executed by a director’s resolution and a member’s
resolution on 13 June 2019, the current issued and paid-up share capital of
the Company of $5,000 comprising 5,000 ordinary shares belonging to the
Defendants were sub-divided, such that 1 ordinary share was subdivided into 54
ordinary shares, so that the issued share capital of $5,000 would comprise
270,000 ordinary shares. As a result, the Plaintiff’s shareholding was diluted
to 10%, even though her 30,000 ordinary shares comprise 85.7% of the paid-up
capital of the Company. Importantly, the sub-division did not apply to the
Plaintiff’s 30,000 shares.

The Defendants’ case

41 The Defendants deny that there was ever an oral or written agreement
between the Plaintiff and the Company for the Plaintiff to invest $30,000 in
the Company in consideration for being issued a total of 85.7% share equity.
The Defendants aver that the oral agreement which the Plaintiff has referred
to is in fact the Deposit Receipt dated 10 June 2018. Thus, pursuant to the
Deposit Receipt, the Plaintiff had at all material times intended to invest
the total sum of $30,000 in the Company, in consideration for 10% ownership of
shares. Also, the Defendants say that, during the AGM of the Company held on
or about 1 July 2020, the Plaintiff orally declined to be elected as a
director of the Company.

42 The Defendants accept that the parties entered into the Shareholder
Agreement on or around 29 August 2018. The Defendants acknowledge that while
Clause 3 states that the Plaintiff would receive 30,000 shares, the Company
only had 5,000 shares at the time. Cheo says that this is a “slight mistake”
which he did not pick up. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Cheo Jean Sheng at para 36.

Ching also calls this a “slight mistake”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Ching Sheue Siant Joey at para 22.

Regardless, the Defendants say that it was the common understanding of all
parties that the Plaintiff was only meant to hold 10% of the shares because:
(a) the Shareholder Agreement does not state the percentage of shares the
Plaintiff is entitled to; and (b) the other clauses of the Shareholder
Agreement are clearly inconsistent with the Plaintiff’s claim to be a majority
shareholder. In particular, Clause 7A clearly states that Cheo is the “major
shareholder”, which the Defendants have taken to mean the majority
shareholder. The Shareholder Agreement also provides various powers and rights
that Cheo could, consistent with his status as majority shareholder, exercise
at his sole discretion.

43 Finally, the Defendants say that the Plaintiff should be aware that a
proper valuation of the Company shows that it would require a significantly
larger investment to be the majority shareholder. For example, the Company
paid $13,500 rent a month for the premises. As such, it was ridiculous for the
Plaintiff to think that an investment of $30,000 would entitle her to be the
majority shareholder of 85.7% of the Company.

44 The Defendants then say that the Plaintiff made minimal contributions to
the business. The relationship between the parties had soured. In a meeting on
10 March 2019, the Plaintiff allegedly told the Defendants that she wanted to
sell her shares as she was planning to contest the next General Election and
did not want to be the owner of a bar. However, the Defendants did not want to
buy back her shares as the business was not doing well. There was no
commercial sense in their doing so. On or around 23 March 2019, the Plaintiff
reiterated through a WhatsApp message that she would like to withdraw her
shares from the Company. However, on or around 10 April 2019, the Plaintiff
wanted to be reflected as a shareholder of the Company and requested Cheo to
reflect the Plaintiff as a shareholder of the Company in accordance with the
Deposit Receipt on or about 10 April 2019 and 17 May 2019. She said this was
done because her parents wanted her name in the Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority (or “ACRA”) register for the purposes of finding a buyer
for her shares.

45 After further communications, the Plaintiff finally met the Defendants
along with the Plaintiff’s father and a male acquaintance. The Plaintiff’s
father demanded that the Plaintiff be allowed to withdraw her shareholding and
be refunded her investment amount of $30,000. In May 2019, the Plaintiff then
asked to be reflected as a shareholder of the Company. In response, and after
taking legal advice, Cheo passed a director’s resolution in writing on 13 June
2019 giving effect to the share split. This was done to resolve the “slight
mistake” in the Shareholder Agreement which stated that the Plaintiff was to
have 30,000 shares but the Company only had 5,000 shares.

46 The Plaintiff then wrote to the Company’s solicitors on 23 June 2019
stating that the share split was unlawful and unacceptable. However, on 25
June 2019, the Company’s solicitors responded with the following points:

(a) the Shareholder Agreement does not provide the percentage of shares that
the Plaintiff should receive.

(b) the shares in the Company were not issued to the Plaintiff at her request.

(c) the commercial intent in the Plaintiff’s subscription for shares was for
her to hold 10% of the share equity of the Company at incorporation, as is
evident from the Deposit Receipt.

(d) such a valuation is also consistent with the commercial realities of the
opening of a karaoke/bar outlet in Boat Quay, in which significant amounts of
capital (in excess of $30,000) is needed to properly launch and operate such
an establishment.

(e) the Defendants have made various shareholder loans to the Company to
ensure that it has been able to maintain its operations.

My decision: the Defendants’ alleged dilution of the shares did not amount to
an oppressive act

47 Having set out the parties’ respective cases on this first alleged ground
of oppression, I decide, for reasons that I will now develop, that the
Defendants’ alleged dilution of shares via a share split did not amount to an
oppressive act within the meaning of s 216(1) of the Companies Act.

48 In essence, the Plaintiff claims that she has a legitimate expectation that
she would remain a majority shareholder of the Company, as gleaned from a
supposed oral agreement between the parties on 10 June 2018. I do not find
that the Plaintiff has established the existence of this oral agreement. I,
therefore, do not find that the Plaintiff should have any legitimate
expectation that she would be a majority shareholder. As such, given that the
Shareholder Agreement does not expressly state whether the Plaintiff was meant
to be a majority shareholder, the Plaintiff got what she was promised under
the Shareholder Agreement, which is 30,000 shares in the Company at $1 each.
In saying this, I accept that the Defendants had to effect the share split
because the Company did not have enough shares to begin with.

The applicable law

49 Before I elaborate on these reasons, I begin with a brief statement of the
applicable law. I agree with the Plaintiff that, as a matter of principle, the
unfair dilution of shares is commercially unfair conduct and thereby,
oppressive behaviour. In Over & Over, the Court of Appeal cited the English
case of Re Cumana Ltd [1986] BCLC 430 with approval and held that the dilution
of the minority’s shares would constitute a case of oppression or unfair
prejudice (at [75]):

In the case of Re Cumana Ltd [1986] BCLC 430, the majority shareholder,
Bolton, prevailed upon the company to undertake a rights issue. Bolton knew
that Lewis, the minority shareholder, was unlikely to take up his proportion
of new shares since he was unemployed and financially challenged. The effect
of the proposed rights issue, should Lewis have been unable to take up the
shares, would have been to reduce Lewis’ minority holding from one-third to
less than 1%. Lewis brought an action under the precursor to s 459 of the UK
Companies Act 1985 asserting, inter alia, that the rights issue was unfairly
prejudicial to him. The judge at first instance inferred that the proposed
rights issue was part of a scheme to reduce Lewis’s shareholding in the
company and held that it was unfairly prejudicial to Lewis’s interests. This
was affirmed by the English Court of Appeal.

Similarly, in the High Court decision of Poh Fu Tek and others v Lee Shung
Guan and others [2018] 4 SLR 425, Vinodh Coomaraswamy J held that where there
was no commercial justification for the dilution of shares, such conduct would
be a visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and amounted to
oppression within the meaning of s 216 (at [16]–[17] and [22]).

50 However, the dilution of shares would require there to be a starting
percentage to dilute from. In the present case, this comes back to whether the
Plaintiff had a legitimate expectation that she would be a majority
shareholder, and the precise shareholding percentage that that expectation
entailed. If the Plaintiff cannot establish what shareholding percentage she
was entitled to, and hence the starting percentage to dilute from, then it
would be difficult to speak of any dilution to begin with. I therefore turn
first to explain why I do not think that the Plaintiff had any legitimate
expectation to be a majority shareholder.

Whether the Plaintiff had the legitimate expectation to be a majority
shareholder

(1) The alleged oral agreement on 10 June 2018 and the Deposit Receipt

51 The issue at hand is whether there was an oral agreement between the
parties allegedly entered on 10 June 2018 that amounted to a legitimate
expectation that the Plaintiff would take majority shareholding, specifically,
85.7% of the shares.

52 To begin with, I did not find the Plaintiff’s evidence to be convincing on
this issue. Indeed, not only did she deviate several times from significant
points in her AEIC, the Plaintiff also advanced what I consider to be
completely illogical evidence during the trial. For example, despite saying
quite clearly in her AEIC that she had handed the two cheques following the
oral agreement on 10 June 2018, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn at paragraph 18.

the Plaintiff said during cross-examination that she had in fact passed the
cheques to Cheo closer to 8 July 2018. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 18, lines 4–10.

Also, despite saying in her AEIC that Cheo had written “10%” in the Deposit
Receipt for her to agree to, she did an about-turn during trial and said that
it was in fact she who wrote the “10%”, albeit under Cheo’s suggestion. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 48, lines 15 –26.

In my view, these are material deviations in significant aspects of the
Plaintiff’s own case that greatly troubled me. Either the Plaintiff had
forgotten about what had gone on before, or she was making things up on the
stand. I need not make a finding as to her state of mind in this regard, but I
do not treat her evidence with any great degree of confidence.

53 With this observation of the Plaintiff’s demeanour in mind, I find first
that the Plaintiff has not discharged her burden in showing there was an oral
agreement between the parties on 10 June 2018, under which she was supposedly
promised that she would be the majority shareholder in the Company. I say this
for several reasons.

54 First, I disagree with the Plaintiff’s characterisation of the Deposit
Receipt as being only a receipt of the cheques provided by her. By the
Plaintiff’s own evidence, the Deposit Agreement was signed on 10 June 2018.
However, she only passed the cheques to Cheo closer to 8 July 2018, after the
Deposit Receipt was signed. This, therefore, goes against the Plaintiff’s
characterisation of the Deposit Receipt as being a receipt for the cheques:
how can the Deposit Receipt perform this function if the cheques were received
after it was signed between the parties?

55 Second, I find it unbelievable that the parties never discussed the precise
percentage of the Plaintiff’s majority shareholding that was an important term
of this alleged oral agreement, if, in fact, this was even discussed. During
cross-examination by Mr Amos Cai (“Mr Cai”), who appeared for the Defendants,
the Plaintiff agreed that there had been no discussion of what her majority
share would be, and everyone would have left the meeting with their own
perception of what “majority” meant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 27, lines 16 –31 to page 28, lines 1–2.

I find that this is too incredible to believe. If being the majority
shareholder was so important to the Plaintiff, how could she not have
clarified what was her shareholding in the Company, even if at a rough level?
Moreover, when asked about what “majority” meant to her, the Plaintiff said
during cross-examination that this was certainly not “51%” but above “70%”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 26, lines 23–32.

Leaving aside the fact that the Plaintiff may not have the relevant legal
knowledge, I find it unbelievable that the Plaintiff would not understand, as
a matter of common understanding, that majority would mean more than 50%. In
my view, the Plaintiff’s answer that majority meant “70%” to her was probably
crafted at the stand to fit with her narrative that her purported shareholding
in the present case is closer to 85.7% of the Company.

56 Third and relatedly, I find it hard to believe that the Plaintiff did not
ask the Defendants during their meeting whether the suggested sum of $30,000
was sufficient for the start-up and how it compared to the overall investment
in the Company. Even accounting for the fact that this was the Plaintiff’s
first financial investment since starting work in 2008, it is unbelievable
that the Plaintiff would simply commit $30,000 without asking some very basic
questions about how the money would be used for.

57 Fourth, I also find it unbelievable that the Plaintiff did not bother to
record the majority shareholding in writing, if indeed, it was so important to
her. During cross-examination, the Plaintiff admitted that the discussion was
done in a private setting and that it was not the most formal situation. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 29, lines 1–8.

As such, there was absolutely no record of the majority shareholding in either
text messages or documentary records. This explanation is unconvincing.
Instead, I find that the reason why there was no such record is simply that
there was no agreement between the parties that the Plaintiff was to be a
majority shareholder in the Company.

58 Fifth, and perhaps most crucially, the Plaintiff has not explained why the
Deposit Receipt, which was signed on the same day as the alleged oral
agreement, would stipulate that her shareholding was a mere “10%”, if indeed
there was an understanding that she was meant to be a majority shareholder in
the Company. In considering the Deposit Receipt, I am aware, as I will explain
later, that the entire agreement clause in the Shareholder Agreement precludes
me from referring to it to add to the Shareholder Agreement. However, I am
here using the Deposit Receipt in aid of my finding of whether the alleged
oral agreement between the parties existed. This has nothing to do with the
construction of the Shareholder Agreement. For ease of explanation, I
reproduce the Deposit Receipt below (with some personal particulars redacted):
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AEIC of Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn at p 42.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

59 I find it inexplicable that, if the Plaintiff was adamant that she was the
majority shareholder, and that she had, by her own testimony, formed the
impression that a majority shareholder was at least 70%, she would, under her
own hand (see [52] above), write “10%” in Clause 1, which clearly relates to
her share investment in the Company. It made no sense at all that the
Plaintiff would do this on the same day that the alleged oral agreement was
entered into. Her explanation at trial was that she trusted Cheo and that she
did not want to ruin the partnership from the get-go. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 48, lines 17–26.

However, I found this completely unbelievable. By her own evidence, the
Plaintiff had only met the Defendants for the first time earlier in 2018. She
did not know them very well. Yet, by her own evidence, she would trust the
Defendants to the extent of writing, under her own hand, a shareholding
percentage that is completely at odds with what she had in mind and put to
risk the significant sum of $30,000 that she had painstakingly saved over the
years. This is completely inexplicable.

60 Further, the Plaintiff agreed with Mr Cai during the trial that Clause 1 of
the Deposit Receipt, which shows the shareholding percentage, was important to
her. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 48, lines 11–20.

If so, it defies belief that she would not simply put the correct figure (or
one that was actually a majority shareholding to her mind) of at least 70% in
Clause 1. There is no good answer to why the Plaintiff would intentionally put
a figure that was obviously contrary to her alleged belief that she would be a
majority shareholder.

61 Accordingly, I find that the Plaintiff has not discharged her burden of
proving the existence of an oral agreement in which she was promised that she
would be the majority shareholder of the Company. This is simply not made out
by her evidence. I, therefore, do not find that the Plaintiff should have any
legitimate expectation that she is to be a majority shareholder of the
Company.

(2) The Shareholder Agreement

62 I turn now to the Shareholder Agreement. The problem for the Plaintiff is
that Clause 3 of the Agreement clearly provided that she was to own 30,000
shares at $1 per share. She got precisely what she was contractually entitled
to after the share split. The Shareholder Agreement is otherwise silent on
whether the Plaintiff is the majority shareholder. As such, without any proof
of her supposed legitimate expectation that she was to be a majority
shareholder, the Plaintiff cannot point to the Shareholder Agreement in
support of her case of minority oppression. In fact, the Shareholder Agreement
is fatal to the Plaintiff’s case for several reasons.

63 First, I find it incredible for the Plaintiff to assert during trial that
the bare representation of 30,000 on the Shareholder Agreement meant she was
to be the majority shareholder. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 54, lines 19–27.

There is nothing in the Shareholder Agreement, whether express or implied,
that suggests this. Further, I find the Plaintiff’s attempt to rely on the
alleged oral agreement on 10 June 2018 to be unsustainable as I do not think
there was any such agreement.

64 I also do not think that the Plaintiff can overcome the 10% figure in the
Deposit Receipt as a prior indication of the parties’ intention coming into
the Shareholder Agreement. Mr Victor David Lau (“Mr Lau”), who appeared for
the Plaintiff, pressed the point during his cross-examination of Mr Cephas Yee
(“Mr Yee”), who had advised the Defendants on the share split, that Clause 21
(which is the entire agreement clause) of the Shareholder Agreement precluded
the consideration of the Deposit Receipt. In my view, it is legally
permissible to consider the Deposit Receipt to interpret the contents of the
Shareholder Agreement. The effect of the entire agreement clause is to
preclude any attempt to qualify or supplement the Shareholder Agreement by
reference to pre-contractual representations (see the decision of the Court of
Appeal in Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and another appeal
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (“Lee Chee Wei”) at [25]), but it certainly does not
prevent parties from looking to a prior document to interpret it (see Lee Chee
Wei at [41]). There is a thin line between interpretation and adding to the
contract, and in my view, that line has not been crossed in the present case.
Given that the Shareholder Agreement is silent on the shareholding percentage
of the Plaintiff, it is permissible to turn to the Deposit Receipt as relevant
background information to aid in the interpretative process. As such, I find
that the “10%” figure in the Deposit Receipt to be an insurmountable hurdle
for the Plaintiff: she had, by her own hand, agreed to being issued with 10%
of the shares in the Company, which was to comprise 30,000 shares. At the very
least, as applied to the Shareholder Agreement, this means that the parties
never intended for the Plaintiff to be the majority shareholder.

65 Second, I again find it unbelievable that the Plaintiff did not ask what
the total number of issued shares in the Company would be before committing to
the Shareholder Agreement. If the majority shareholding was so important to
her, then she could not simply assume that 30,000 shares would constitute a
majority shareholding without asking further questions. By extension, it is
completely unbelievable that the Plaintiff did not seek clarification on what
her exact shareholding was in the Company. Her repeated assertions during
cross-examination that the exact percentage did not matter because she knew
she would be the majority shareholder eventually when the Company was
incorporated defies belief. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Day 1 Transcript, 22 August 2022, page 38, lines 2–16.

While Mr Lau in the Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions urged me to accept the
Plaintiff’s pleaded case as her evidence was consistent at trial, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 5.

I am unable to agree. Being consistently unbelievable does not make one
believable.

66 Third, the Shareholder Agreement contains terms that point away the
Plaintiff as the majority shareholder. For example, looking at clause 7A of
the Shareholder Agreement (reproduced above at [36]), it is provided in
relation to additional investments that such “investment value shall be
decided at the sole discretion of the major shareholder/director, Cheo Jean
Sheng …”, which suggests that it was Cheo who was the majority shareholder and
not the Plaintiff. I recognise that the clause uses the expression “major
shareholder” instead of “majority shareholder”. However, taking in totality, I
am convinced that “major shareholder” is meant to refer to “majority
shareholder” in this context. The Plaintiff’s argument in this regard was that
she understood “major shareholder/director” to refer to two different
individuals, such that “major shareholder” did not refer to the Cheo. This is
despite the Shareholder Agreement clearly providing for the name of Cheo. I
dismiss the Plaintiff’s explanation as being inconsistent with the terms of
the Shareholder Agreement.

67 During the trial, the Plaintiff ran a new argument that was not raised in
her pleadings: that while the Shareholder Agreement contemplates the Plaintiff
being the majority shareholder, it allowed Cheo to retain executive control of
the Company as its sole director. Leaving aside the point that the Plaintiff
never pleaded this, I do not agree with this interpretation of the Shareholder
Agreement. This is because the various clauses in the Shareholder Agreement
provides for powers which go beyond what a sole director can do (and is
consistent with majority shareholding), such as the Plaintiff’s right of first
refusal for sale in favour of Cheo (Clause 10B(i)) and that Cheo must agree to
the incoming purchaser of the Company shares (Clause 10B(iii)). These powers
would be more consistent with Cheo being a majority shareholder of the
Company, as opposed to the Plaintiff being such.

68 At bottom, the fact remains that the Shareholder Agreement contains no
indication on the Plaintiff’s shareholding percentage as well. Instead, the
Plaintiff contracted for 30,000 shares in return for her $30,000 investment.
She got 30,000 shares. After the share split, the 30,000 shares do constitute
10% of the Company’s shares. The contract has been performed. The share split
is not a dilution of the Plaintiff’s shares nor voting power in the Company
because she never had any legitimate expectation of a higher shareholding
percentage than 10%. There was, in other words, no starting higher
shareholding percentage to dilute from. The Plaintiff, therefore, has no cause
to complain, let alone allege that she was being oppressed by the Defendants.

69 In her Reply to the Defendants’ Closing Submissions, the Plaintiff raised a
slightly different point that was not properly pleaded in the Statement of
Claim. Instead of arguing that the oppression arose from the dilution of
shareholding from 85.7% to 10%, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim at para 35.

the Plaintiff now argues that the real cause for concern was that: “Clause 3
of the Shareholder Agreement provided that [the Plaintiff] was to be issued
30,000 ordinary shares worth S$1 each” and that “it can surely be implied that
[the Plaintiff] did not contemplate for the other shareholders in the Company
to be holding shares worth S$0.0185 each” [emphasis added]. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 19 October 2022 at para 72.

70 I reject this argument. First, it appears that the Plaintiff is asserting a
new legitimate expectation (ie, that it was about the monetary value per share
being diminished, and not the percentage shareholding being diluted), but that
was not originally pleaded. Second, in any event, I do not read Clause 3 of
the Shareholder Agreement as strictly guaranteeing that the value of all the
other Company shares will remain at $1.00 per share. To my mind, the “$1.00
per share” stated in Clause 3 merely provided the price that the Plaintiff had
to pay in exchange for the 30,000 shares, and not that the value per share of
the other shares will remain at $1.00 indefinitely. This view is fortified
when we look at Deposit Receipt (purely as an aid to interpretation and not to
add to the terms) which stated at the relevant part: “3. Received Share
Amount: Enclosed please find Cheque No … for the amount of … S$30,000 being
payment of the Partnership of Karaoke Pub” [emphasis added]. Thus, $30,000
(for 30,000 shares) was merely the price to be paid by the Plaintiff. As such,
the sale of shares can be seen from two perspectives. From the buyer’s
perspective, the Plaintiff was willing to pay $30,000 for 30,000 shares which
represents her own subjective valuation of the Company’s prospects. But
otherwise, from the seller’s perspective, I do not think that the Defendants
were guaranteeing that, for all the other shares, the share value would always
remain at $1 per share into perpetuity.

71 I also find that the Defendants had consulted Mr Yee in good faith on how
to resolve the problem of the Company having insufficient shares to issue
30,000 shares to the Plaintiff. The evidence does not show that they had
approached Mr Yee with a view to dilute the Plaintiff’s shares. Indeed, Mr Yee
was the one who advised the Defendants to effect the share split, including
its precise mechanism, so as to achieve what he assessed to be the commercial
bargain reached between the parties, ie, that the Plaintiff would be a 10%
shareholder of the Company. Therefore, and in any event, the share split
exercise that was conducted is not an illegitimate conduct, in the sense that
it was done with a collateral motive to dilute the shareholding and control of
the Plaintiff rather than for a legitimate business purpose (in contrast, see
Over & Over at [122] and [127] where the purpose was to dilute voting power
without commercial justification; see also, the High Court decision of Lim
Anthony v Gao Wenxi and another [2020] SGHC 67 at [29]).

72 Accordingly, I find that the Plaintiff has failed to show that the
Defendants’ alleged dilution (or, more accurately, splitting) of the shares
amounted to an oppressive act within the meaning of s 216(1) of the Companies
Act.

Whether the Defendants’ failure to reflect the Plaintiff’s share ownership
amounted to an oppressive act

73 For completeness, I also deal with the Plaintiff’s subsidiary argument that
the Defendants’ failure to reflect her share ownership amounted to an
oppressive act under s 216(1). I should say that the Plaintiff does not
advance this as an independent ground of oppression, but deals with this under
her claim that the alleged shared dilution amounted to an oppressive act.

74 The Plaintiff alleges that the Defendants refused to reflect her ownership
in the Company in the ACRA register. After the events leading to the share
split, the Plaintiff started to grow suspicious of the Defendants. This was
caused by there being no profits or dividends being shared with the Plaintiff,
which went against her legitimate expectations. Then, in December 2018, the
Plaintiff performed an ACRA search on the Company but realised that her
shareholding was not reflected. The Defendants claim that the Plaintiff did
not want to be reflected as the shareholder of the Company for personal
reasons. Presumably, this was because it might have affected the Plaintiff’s
political image as a candidate with a political party.

75 In my view, I do not need to make a finding whether this omission to
reflect the Plaintiff’s shareholding was based on the Plaintiff’s own
instructions, or whether this was intentionally done by the Defendants. This
is because I do not regard this as relevant to the Plaintiff’s claim of
minority oppression. Indeed, I do not understand the Plaintiff to have
advanced the failure to reflect her shareholding as an independent ground of
minority oppression. At the most, it might be said that the Defendants had
breached the Shareholder Agreement in failing to issue the 30,000 shares to
the Plaintiff within a reasonable time of its conclusion. However, the
Plaintiff has not sued the Defendants for breach of contract.

76 That said, I am satisfied that once the Defendants were notified of their
omission by the Plaintiff on 17 May 2019, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 116.

Cheo took immediate steps to correct this omission, such as by informing the
Plaintiff that she could speak with Cheo’s lawyer to arrange for her to be
reflected as a shareholder. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Cheo Jean Sheng at paras 87–89.

The Plaintiff, by not suing for breach, might be taken to have affirmed the
contract following her acquiescence following the Defendants’ actions.

77 I turn then to the next ground of oppressive advanced by the Plaintiff.

Whether the Defendants’ alleged failure to hold AGMs in a timely and proper
basis, as well as failure to include the Plaintiff in these meetings, amount
to an oppressive act

The parties’ arguments

78 The Plaintiff alleges that the Defendants failed to hold AGMs within six
months of the end of its financial year under s 175 of the Companies Act. The
last AGM was held on or about 7 August 2019 and the Defendants were in breach
as they were supposed to have held the next AGM by 7 February 2020. The
Defendants eventually only held the AGM on 16 June 2020.

79 In contrast, the Defendants say that under s 175 of the Companies Act, the
Company is only required to hold an AGM annually and not every six months. As
such, the Company had held all the required AGMs under s 175 since it held
AGMs on 7 August 2019, 16 June 2020, 16 August 2021, and 21 July 2022. In any
event, the Defendants say that even if they had failed to hold an AGM every
six months, this failure did not amount to oppression as the Defendants had
afforded the Plaintiff several other meetings to voice her concerns about the
Company.

My decision: the Defendants’ alleged failure to hold AGMs did not amount to an
oppressive act

80 In my judgment, the Defendants’ alleged failure to hold AGMs did not amount
to an oppressive act within the meaning of s 216(1) of the Companies Act.

81 Contrary to the Plaintiff’s arguments, I accept that the Defendants have
not acted in breach of the requirements under s 175(1), which states as
follows:

Annual general meeting

175.—(1) Subject to this section and section 175A, a general meeting of every
company to be called the “annual general meeting” must, in addition to any
other meeting, be held after the end of each financial year within —

(a) 4 months in the case of a public company that is listed; or

(b) 6 months in the case of any other company.

82 Thus, a plain reading of s 175(1) provides that a company (that is not a
public company) needs to hold an AGM within 6 months at the end of each
financial year. Given that the Company’s financial year ended on 31 January of
2020, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AEIC of Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn at para 90.

it would have been obliged to hold an AGM by 31 July 2020. I thus disagree
with the Plaintiff that the Defendants breached s 175 by holding the next AGM
on 16 June 2020. This was well within the six months after the end of the
Company’s financial year, which was 31 January 2020.

83 Even if there was a breach under s 175 of the Companies Act, that does not
necessarily amount to oppression. It would take a much longer and severe lapse
to show that there was a deliberate attempt to exclude a minority shareholder
from partaking in the business for an oppression claim to succeed. For
example, in Guan Seng Co Sdn Bhd v Tan Hock Chuan [1990] 2 CLJ 761, the court
found that the minority’s interest was being oppressively disregarded as no
AGM had been held for six years. In contrast, there were no such extraordinary
circumstances here even if we accept the plaintiff’s argument (ie, the
Plaintiff claimed that the AGM should have been held latest by 7 February
2020) that the Defendants had missed the AGM deadline by a few months.

84 Accordingly, I conclude that the Defendants’ alleged failure to hold AGMs
did not amount to an oppressive act within the meaning of s 216(1) of the
Companies Act.

Whether the Defendants’ alleged use of the Company’s resources for improper
purposes and enriching themselves in the process amount to an oppressive act

The parties’ arguments

85 As for the Plaintiff’s next ground of oppression, she alleges that the
Defendants, in their management of the Company’s business, abused their
positions by incurring substantial non-business-related expenditure, and/or
paid themselves excessive salaries which were all charged to the Company. The
Plaintiff alleges that, based on the unaudited financial statements of the
Company alone, the Company only booked losses (before income tax) of $364,456
in 2020 and $127,979 in 2021 because of the large expenses incurred by the
Company.

86 The Plaintiff says that these expenses of the Company are excessive and
without any reasonable commercial justification. Ultimately, the Plaintiff
alleges that, in so doing, the Defendants have conducted the Company’s affairs
in complete disregard of the Plaintiff’s rights as a shareholder. Instead of
distributing the Company’s profits to its shareholders in a proportionate
manner by way of dividends, the Defendants unilaterally paid themselves
substantial salaries and bonuses. In so doing, the Defendants artificially
increased the losses suffered by the Company such that there was nothing left
for distribution.

87 The Defendants’ position is that their expenses were all legitimate. There
was no incurrence of substantial non-business-related expenses. Indeed, the
Defendants say that they only paid themselves a small monthly salary, which
they were well-entitled to since they managed the Company on a full-time
basis. The table below shows the Defendants’ monthly salaries, which
admittedly increased over time, as well as that of two selected employees 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 5 October 2022 at para 135.

:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

My decision: the Defendants’ alleged use of the Company’s resources for
improper purposes and enriching themselves did not amount to an oppressive act

The alleged excessive expenses

88 Turning to the allegation that the Company’s resources had been used for
improper purposes, I do not think that the expenses incurred were so
exceptional that it demonstrates that non-business-related expenses had gone
into the accounts. For example, looking at the “other expenses” category, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of Lim Tong Zhen Kevryn at p 204.

the biggest items appear to be depreciation and rental, and these appear to be
reasonable for a pub that was operating in the Central Business District area.
I am satisfied that the figures for the individual line items were reasonable
expenditures.

89 In this regard, it is pertinent to note that the Defendants had invited the
Plaintiff, on occasion, to review the financial statements with their own
accountants, but the Plaintiff did not do so. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of Cheo Jean Sheng at paras 75–76.

I do not think that it lies in the mouth of the Plaintiff to make several
allegations as she does now against the accuracy of the financial statements.

90 More broadly, I am satisfied that the food and beverage businesses suffered
disproportionately during the COVID-19 pandemic with the restrictions placed
on group sizes and the sale of alcohol. It is therefore entirely conceivable
that the Company would be in the red during this period of operation.

Salaries

91 On the issue of salary, I do not think that the annual salaries of the
Defendants ($21,000 and $18,000 in 2020 and $27,000 and $22,500 in 2021, for
Cheo and Ching, respectively) can be considered excessive remuneration. These
figures work out to be, on average, below $2,000 a month for the full-time
management of the Company. I find that this is entirely legitimate.

92 Accordingly, I conclude that the Defendants’ did not make use of the
Company’s resources for improper purposes and enriched themselves in the
process.

Whether the Defendants’ alleged attempt to strike off the Company after
extracting its full value amount to an oppressive act

93 Lastly, the Plaintiff claims that the Defendants were acting in an
oppressive manner in putting forward the resolution to strike off the Company.
Contrariwise, the Defendants assert that they had to close the business down
as they struggled to keep the Company profitable over the years. In any event,
the Company has not been struck off.

94 This is an easy ground to decide since the Company has not been struck off.
I find that the Plaintiff does not have a case here. She has not suffered
neither loss nor oppression in this regard.

Summary of the Plaintiff’s case on minority oppression

95 Accordingly, I find that the Plaintiff has failed to prove any of her
alleged grounds of oppression against the Defendants. Her case premised on
minority oppression under s 216(1) of the Companies Act therefore fails in its
entirety.

The appropriate remedy (if the minority oppression action is made out)

96 Since I have concluded that the Plaintiff’s case on minority oppression
fails in its entirety, there is no need for me to consider what the
appropriate remedy should be.

Conclusion

97 For the reasons above, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s claim in its entirety. In
my judgment, the Plaintiff has not made out any of the grounds of oppression
against the Defendants. In summary, I find that the parties had not intended
for the Plaintiff to be a majority shareholder of the Company. Accordingly,
the major plank of her case falls away. I find that the Defendants did not
unfairly dilute the Plaintiff’s shares by way of a share split in breach of
her legitimate expectations to be a majority shareholder. Further, I conclude
that the Plaintiff has failed to make out the other three grounds of
oppression which, in any event, on a holistic assessment of the case, would
not have been sufficient by themselves to make out a claim under s 216 without
the main ground of unfair dilution being successfully proved.

98 In closing, I would like to thank Mr Lau and Mr Cai, as well as Mr Cai’s
team, for their able assistance throughout this matter. In particular, while I
was not ultimately persuaded by Mr Lau’s client’s case, I am thankful for Mr
Lau’s efforts despite having run the case on his own and at a relatively early
stage of his career.

99 Unless the parties are able to agree on the appropriate costs order, they
are to tender their very brief written submissions of no more than ten pages
on the issue within 21 days of this judgment.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Victor David Lau Dek Kai (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;

Cai Enhuai Amos, Tian Keyun and Kieran Jamie Pillai  
(Yuen Law LLC) for the first and second defendants;

The third defendant absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Dec 2022 (11:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

