Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 36

Suit No 1258 of 2019

Between

Phua Kiah Mai  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

The Kheng Chiu Tin Hou Kong and Burial Ground  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Winding up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Phua Kiah Mai

  
v

  

The Kheng Chiu Tin Hou Kong and Burial Ground

  

[2022] SGHC 36

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1258 of 2019  
Aedit Abdullah J  
4–5, 8–11, 16–18, 23–26 February, 2–4 March, 19 July 2021

23 February 2022

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 This application for winding-up of The Kheng Chiu Tin Hou Kong and Burial
Ground (“the Company”, hereinafter also “the Defendant”) is but the latest
chapter in a long-drawn out dispute between members of the Hainanese
community. There have been previous instances of dispute and disagreement,
with various attempts at reconciliation and mediation. In the present case, Mr
Phua Kiah Mai (“the Plaintiff”), a member and director of the Company,
established sufficient basis for the Company to be wound up, as he showed that
the interests of the minority were being disregarded. However, the Plaintiff’s
attempt to invoke an underlying basis or agreement between members that the
Company was to serve as the financial arm of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan
(“the Society”), which the Plaintiff is President of, failed. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Phua Kiah Mai dated 23 November 2020
(“Phua’s AEIC), para 12.

Background

2 The Company is a company limited by guarantee and incorporated on 16
November 1964. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Phua’s AEIC, para 3; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Foo Jong Peng dated 23
November 2020 (“Foo’s AEIC”), para 23.

It was set up to, inter alia, administer and maintain the Kheng Chiu Tin Hou
Kong temple (“the Temple”) that was built by Hainanese migrants in Singapore,
as well a burial ground which was compulsorily acquired by the Government in
April 1973. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Foo’s AEIC, paras 23–26.

Its predecessor is the Kheng Chiu Tin Hou Kong (“the Company Predecessor”),
which was founded in around 1853 to maintain the Temple. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Foo’s AEIC, para 16.

The Society is an association registered with the Registry of Societies on 18
December 1890. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Phua’s AEIC, para 8.

It was formerly known as the Kiung Chow Hwee Kuan (“the Society Predecessor”)
and renamed as the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan on 16 September 1994. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Phua’s AEIC, para 9.

3 On 13 May 2013, the Plaintiff filed Originating Summons No 415 of 2013
seeking, inter alia, to invalidate certain proxy forms that were filed in the
Company’s elections in 2012 to appoint its Board of Directors. This was later
converted to Suit No 658 of 2013 (“Suit 658”), where substantially the same
reliefs were sought. Suit 658 was subsequently settled by consent on 13 May
2015. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

HC/ORC 3101/2015 (Phua’s AEIC, p 817–821).

The resulting consent order (“Consent Order”) provided, amongst other things,
that the Company would convene an Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) in the 2015
work year to hold an election for its Board of Directors; and that a 3-person
panel would be constituted to determine membership issues, the validity of
proxy forms for that election, and any other matters delegated by the parties
or the Court.

4 On 21 June 2019, the Company filed Originating Summons 789 of 2019 (“OS
789”) seeking, inter alia, a declaration that the Consent Order was rendered
inoperative or frustrated, and that the Company would be discharged from
further performance of the same. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Foo’s AEIC, p 412.

On 6 August 2019, the Plaintiff filed Companies Winding Up No 219 of 2019
(“CWU 219”), seeking that a winding up order be made against the Company. OS
789 was subsequently stayed on 26 August 2019 pending the outcome of CWU 219.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HC/ORC 5787/2019.

CWU 219 was converted to the present proceedings in Suit No 1258 of 2019
(“Suit 1258”) on 18 November 2019. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HC/ORC 8164/2019.

Summary of the Plaintiff’s Case

5 The Plaintiff argued that the Company should be wound up on the basis of s
254(1)(i) and/or s 254(1)(f) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“CA”). He argued that the substratum of the Company was to work jointly with
the Society for the benefit of the Hainanese community in Singapore and
provide financial support to the Society; and this had been lost as it ceased
to so work with the Society. He submitted that there was a justifiable loss of
confidence in the management of the company which provided grounds for winding
up under s 254(1)(i), and that the Defendant’s directors had acted in the
affairs of the Company in their own interests rather than in the interests of
the members as a whole, or in any other manner apparently unfair and unjust to
other members pursuant to s 254(1)(f) of the CA. He alleged, amongst others,
that there was a lack of probity, accountability and transparency on the part
of those directors. It was also alleged that they had conducted the affairs of
the Company to the exclusion of the Plaintiff and certain other directors of
the Company, in a manner that was not in the interests of the members of the
Company as a whole.

Summary of the Defendant’s Case

6 The Defendant argued that there was no such substratum as alleged by the
Plaintiff. It argued that the Plaintiff had raised trivial matters in support
of his allegation of a justifiable loss of confidence in the management of the
Company. It was submitted that the Plaintiff’s claimed breaches of statutory
and constitutional requirements on the part of the Company were not connected
to unfairness justifying a winding up; and that these were also caused by an
impasse over the implementation of the Consent Order, for which the Plaintiff
was responsible as well. Furthermore, the Plaintiff’s allegations did not show
that certain directors had acted against the interests of the members of the
Company. For example, its decision not to fund the Society, which was not a
member of the Company, was made in the interests of its members.

The Decision

7 While I was not persuaded that the Plaintiff made out a case for just and
equitable winding up on the basis of any relationship between the Society and
the Company, I did find that there was unfairness in the conduct of the
affairs of the Company justifying winding-up being ordered under either s
254(1)(f) or (i) of the CA. I, however, stayed the winding-up pending appeal,
and also invited the Official Receiver and Public Trustee as well as the
Commissioner of Charities to be present should the winding up proceed further.

Analysis

8 The bases for the winding up sought by the Plaintiff, a member of the
Company, are:

(a) That it is just and equitable under s 254(1)(i) of the CA (the “just and
equitable” ground); and

(b) That the directors acted in their own interests rather than those of the
members as a whole, or in any other manner that appears to be unfair or unjust
to other members, contrary to s 254(1)(f) of the Act (the “unfairness”
ground). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

I used a different term in my brief remarks, namely, “Loss of Confidence”; but
on reflection, to my mind “Unfairness” is a better descriptor.

These bases are invoked under s 254 of the CA rather than s 125 of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (No. 40 of 2018), as the
proceedings were started before the commencement of the latter. The provisions
are in any event materially the same and no difference would have arisen.

9 I note that there is some overlap given the broad language used in both ss
254(1)(i) and (f) of the CA, in respect of the conduct of the management of a
company, and the just and equitable ground may cover such circumstances as
well (Report of the Steering Committee for Review of the Companies Act (June
2011) (“Steering Committee Report”) at ch 2, para 135). I deal with this in
the discussion on s 254(1)(f).

Just and equitable ground

10 I was not persuaded by the Plaintiff’s argument that this ground was made
out, in so far as reliance was placed on the substratum or basis because of
any historical relationship between the Company and the Society, or anything
in the vein of a quasi-partnership.

The law

11 Section 254(i) of the CA provides as follows:

Circumstances in which company may be wound up by Court

254.— (1) The Court may order the winding up if —

(i) the Court is of the opinion that it is just and equitable that the company
be wound up.

12 As noted in the controlling authorities such as Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar
Investments Pte Ltd [2006] 3 SLR (R) 827 (“Sim Yong Kim”) and Perennial
(Capitol) Pte Ltd and Anor v Capitol Investment Holdings Pte Ltd and other
appeals [2018] 1 SLR 63 (“Perennial”), the foundation of the jurisdiction
under s 254(1)(i) of the CA is unfairness (Sim Yong Kim at [31] and Perennial
at [40]). The concept of “just and equitable” recognises that companies
involve individuals with “rights, expectations and obligations inter se which
are not necessarily submerged in the company structure” (per Lord Wilberforce
in Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd [1973] AC 360 (“Ebrahimi”) at 379,
cited with approval in Sim Yong Kim at [29]).

13 However, the notion of “unfairness”, though broad, does not give the Court
a licence for capriciousness, and its powers should be exercised with caution.
The Court of Appeal in Perennial reiterated the guidance given in Ting Shwu
Ping v Scanone Pte Ltd and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 95 (“Ting Shwu Ping”),
that the provision empowers the Court to “subject the exercise of legal rights
to equitable considerations”, namely those of a personal character arising
between individuals, such that it would be “unjust, or inequitable, to insist
on legal rights, or to exercise them in a particular way” (Perennial at [41];
Ting Shwu Ping at [74], citing Ebrahimi at 379). In Ebrahimi, Lord Wilberforce
noted that the superimposition of equitable considerations which may give rise
to a winding up under this ground typically includes one or more of the
following elements (at 379):

(a) An association formed or continued on the basis of a personal relationship
of mutual confidence;

(b) An agreement or understanding that all or some of the shareholders shall
participate in the conduct of the business; and

(c) Restriction on the transfer of the members’ interests in the company, such
that if confidence is lost or one member is removed from management, he cannot
take out his stake and go elsewhere.

14 In line with Lord Wilberforce’s observation that “it is these, and
analogous, factors” which may bring the “just and equitable” jurisdiction into
play, the Courts have not limited their jurisdiction to superimpose equitable
considerations in merely these three circumstances (Sim Yong Kim at [30]). It
has been observed that the various categories of cases involving winding-up on
just and equitable grounds include (Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’
Rights and Remedies (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) at paras 5.037–5.069; see also
Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi and another [2008] 4 SLR(R) 362 at [18],
citing Walter Woon on Company Law (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2005) (Tan
Cheng Han gen ed) at paras 17.54–17.74):

(a) Oppressive conduct, such as the exclusion of a member from management
participation contrary to an understanding that he will be allowed to so
participate;

(b) An irretrievable breakdown in relationship amongst the shareholders;

(c) Loss of substratum, where the main or primary object of the company can no
longer be achieved; and

(d) Where a company was formed with a fraudulent purpose.

15 The breach of a general understanding or common intention as to the type
and limits of a corporate venture gives rise to a loss of substratum or basis,
ie, the main object which the company was formed to achieve (Ma Wai Fong
Kathryn v Trillion Investment Pte Ltd and others and another appeal [2019] 1
SLR 1046 (“Kathryn Ma”) at [63]; citing Re Goodwealth Trading Pte Ltd [1990] 2
SLR(R) 691 at [25]). In such cases, the unfairness lies in holding the parties
to the association despite the loss of substratum (Kathryn Ma at [63]). In
particular, it is noted that in some of the local cases, such as Sim Yong Kim,
the notion of legitimate expectations was used to consider the extent and
nature of that shared understanding (at [40]–[45]). This followed from its use
in English cases including Re Astec (BSR) plc [1998] 2 BCLC 556, which was
approved by Lord Hoffmann in O’Neill and another v Phillips and others [1999]
1 WLR 1092 (“O’Neill”) at 1101. Although the latter were cases concerning
unfair prejudice under s 459 of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK)
(corresponding to s 216 of the CA), the Court of Appeal in Sim Yong Kim noted
that the jurisdiction under ss 216 and 254(1)(i) of the CA, although distinct,
do overlap in many situations, being both predicated on the concept of
unfairness (Sim Yong Kim at [38]).

16 Lastly, it is noted that the cases in this area generally proceed on the
basis of unfairness in the context of a “quasi-partnership”, which may include
one or more of the elements noted in Ebrahimi (as noted at [13] above; Seah
Chee Wan and another v Connectus Group Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 228 (“Seah Chee
Wan”) at [115]–[116]). It must then be shown why keeping the company as a
going concern would result in unfairness (Seah Chee Wan at [117]). In this
context, the term “quasi-partnership” is simply a shorthand label which is
intended to reflect those factors which bring into play the equitable
principles borrowed from the law of partnership (Robin Hollington QC,
Hollington on Shareholder’s Rights (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2020) at para
7.40). The underlying question is whether the circumstances surrounding the
conduct of the affairs of a company are such as to give rise to equitable
constraints on the behaviour of other members, going beyond the strict rights
and obligations in statute and the constitutional documents (Fisher v Cadman
[2006] 1 BCLC 499 (“Fisher”) at [84]). Ultimately, even where the statutory
grounds for winding up a company have been technically established, the Court
has a residual discretion to consider whether, having regard to all relevant
factors including the utility and effect of the winding up order and the
overall fairness and justice of the case, the company concerned should be
wound up (Lai Shit Har and another v Lau Yu Man [2008] 4 SLR(R) 348 at [33];
Perennial at [82]; Foo Peow Yong Douglas v ERC Prime II Pte Ltd and another
appeal and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 1337 (“Douglas Foo”) at [59]).

Application to the facts

17 The Plaintiff invoked a loss of substratum on the basis of an alleged
historical and social connection and relationship between the Company and the
Society. However, I found that the Plaintiff was unable to establish the
existence of the purported basis or substratum. In addition, even if the
substratum existed as alleged, any such failure in this regard was
insufficient to justify winding up.

18 The Plaintiff’s contentions are dealt with in the following sequence:

(a) Whether the alleged substratum existed; and

(b) Whether a loss of the said substratum could be made out.

(1) The Plaintiff did not establish the existence of the alleged substratum

19 The Plaintiff argued, in his words, that the Society and Company were “two-
in-one” organisations, with the Company serving as the financial arm of the
Society. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 114 and 159.

On the Plaintiff’s conception, the Company was intended to serve the needs of
the Society. Its primary obligation was to fund the latter’s administrative
expenses and the costs of its activities, such as scholarships disbursed by
the Society. The inextricable relationship between the two organisations was
evidenced by the fact that they jointly used the Kheng Chiu Building (“the
Building”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 134–135 and 138.

Although the Building was legally owned by the Company, up till 2019, the
Company allowed the Society to use it rent-free. They also shared a joint
secretariat and jointly managed the Kheng Chiu Loke Tin Kee Home (“the Home”),
which was established by the Hainanese community as a joint endeavour by the
Company and the Society. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 95–98.

The Plaintiff’s position was therefore that the members of the Company had a
legitimate expectation that the Company would work together with the Society
as a “two-in-one” organisation, and provide it financial support and rent-free
use of the Building. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 493–494.

This was said to be breached as Mr Foo Jong Peng (“Mr Foo”), a director and
Chairman of the Company, and his faction allegedly refused to work jointly
with the Society, to allow the Society to use the Building, and to provide
financial contributions to the Society.

20 The Plaintiff relied on what he claimed was a historical connection between
the Company and the Society, by way of establishing the alleged substratum.
According to the Plaintiff, the Temple was initially set up by the Society
Predecessor and manged by it. The Company Predecessor was then set up as a
separate unregistered society in the name of the Temple, to take over from the
Society Predecessor the administration of the assets of the Hainanese
community, allegedly to avoid confiscation of the assets it held. This was as
the colonial government in the 1930s had taken a hard-line stance against
societies, and the Society Predecessor as a registered society was subject to
greater scrutiny and control, such as being required to declare its real
estate and cash flow statements. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 62–63.

On the other hand, religious societies including temples were exempted from
registration and did not have to furnish as much information. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 72–73 and 77–78.

The Building was also established and jointly managed by the Society and the
Company, with the two even jointly undertaking a reconstruction of the
Building post-World War II. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 83–94.

Similarly, the Home was set up by the Hainanese community and was joint
endeavour between the two: the Society previously administered the property,
and had contributed to it. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 95–98.

The Society and the Company operated as what was described as a “two-in-one”
organisation: from around 1936, the Society Predecessor would organise all the
activities and events for the Hainanese community and the Company Predecessor
would fund these activities and events. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 99.

In 1964, the Company Predecessor was incorporated, which allowed it to
directly hold the properties that belonged to the Hainanese community; and it
continued to function as the financial arm of the Society Predecessor and
subsequently the Society. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 107–109; Phua’s AEIC, para 9.

It was further argued that the Defendant understood and accepted the Company
and the Society functioning as a “two-in-one” organisation, as evidenced by
various indicia in the activities of the organisations, in particular a
mediation agreement in 2007 (“the Mediation Agreement”). The Mediation
Agreement had come on the back of disputes between the disputes between the
Company and the Society in 2007. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Phua’s AEIC, paras 69 and 79–86.

21 The Defendant refuted this, stating that the Plaintiff was unclear on what
he meant by “two-in-one” organisations. It argued that he was unable to
provide any evidence showing that meant it was the financial department of the
Society and must take orders from it. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 130–132.

It submitted that the Rules of the Society Predecessor or the Society did not
recognise that the Company Predecessor or the Company was intended to be its
financial arm nor made references to, inter alia, an expectation of financial
support. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 134.

The Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association (“M&A”) also did not
refer to the Society. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 137.

22 The Defendant thus denied the Plaintiff’s characterisation of the
relationship between the Society and the Company. It questioned the
reliability of the sources relied on by the Plaintiff in asserting a
historical relationship between the Company and the Society. It argued that
the Company’s activities did not prove that it was the financial arm of the
Society or that its main object was to provide the Society with financial
support. It submitted that this was also not borne out by the Mediation
Agreement, which provided that the Company’s assets were held for the purposes
of the community (as opposed to the Society); and its provisions that the
Company was to pay certain regular sums to the Society was a “far cry” from
recognising that the Company’s primary object was to fund the Society’s
expenses. In any event, it argued that both parties did not comply with the
terms of the Mediation Agreement. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Foo’s AEIC, paras 47–48.

23 In my view, it was not sufficient that the Plaintiff contended that the
Society and the Company were “two-in-one”: what mattered was whether the
members of the Company had such an understanding. However, the evidence relied
upon did not show this on the balance of probabilities. The actions relied
upon by the Plaintiff were explicable on other equally plausible grounds.

24 The alleged historical reason for the formation of the Company Predecessor
and the incorporation of the Company was also not established. Rather, some of
the evidence was rejected as being hearsay, or otherwise unreliable.
Furthermore, even if that reason was accepted, it was not established that the
company was incorporated on that basis. As such, the Plaintiff could not
demonstrate the existence of the alleged substratum.

(A) The Company was not shown to have been formed to avoid loss of assets

25 First, it was not shown that the Company Predecessor was formed to avoid
the forfeiture of assets. The Plaintiff sought to rely on, inter alia, minutes
from an AGM of the Company on 17 May 1997 and those from a meeting of the
Council of the Society on 20 July 2019. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) Vol 1, p 93 and AB Vol 8, pp 2847–2848.

At the former, one Mr Tan See Swan (“Mr Tan”) stated that he was told by the
late President of the Society Predecessor, Mr Foo Chee Fong (“Mr CF Foo”),
that its assets had been transferred to the name of a temple to avoid the risk
of the Society Predecessor being banned by the colonial government; at the
latter, one Mr Lim Keen Ban (“Mr Lim”) was recorded as relating a similar
rationale to the other Council members based on his understanding. However,
neither Mr CF Foo nor Mr Lim were before the Court to testify as to such a
belief held by them. Another member at the former meeting had also objected as
to Mr Tan’s characterisation of the history of the Company and the Society,
and asserted that there had been no such transfer of properties, which were
acquired in the name of the Company Predecessor to begin with. When presented
in cross-examination with what that other member had stated, the Plaintiff
agreed that “different members would have different interpretation of
history”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript (4 February 2021), p 69, lines 2–8.

(B) The Building and the Home were not established by the Hainanese community
as a whole

26 Second, it was not shown that the Building and the Home were in fact
established by the Hainanese community as a whole, and that this entailed the
Society and the Company functioning together. The Plaintiff argued that the
Hainanese community had purchased the property in Beach Road on which the
Building was later constructed, and that this was held by the Company
Predecessor for the benefit of the Hainanese community and the Society
Predecessor. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 84–87.

He relied on certain cause papers filed in Originating Summons No 185 of 1936
(“OS 185”), wherein the trustees of the Company had applied for, and obtained
a Court order which vested in them various properties (including the property
in Beach Road) which were said to be formerly administered by the Society
Predecessor. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 7, and pp 34–35.

However, I accepted the Defendant’s argument that the Court order was obtained
by consent and the evidence was therefore untested. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 155.

The Plaintiff agreed in cross-examination that the prayers and Court order
also did not mention the Society Predecessor. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript (8 February 2022), p 28 lines 1–15; p 29 lines 8–10.

To my mind, therefore, the cause papers in OS 185 merely spoke to a belief
that the Company Predecessor had been set up to administer those properties as
properties belonging to the Hainanese community. They did not show that the
Society Predecessor or the Society had any claim over them.

27 Furthermore, although the Plaintiff pointed to several publications of the
Society and Company stating, inter alia, that a committee to reconstruct the
Building was composed of both executive members of the Society Predecessor and
directors of the Company Predecessor, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 89–90.

it was relevant that the management of the Building was in fact done by the
property management committee of the Company. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AB Vol 3, pp 862–866; pp 899–900 and pp 901–902.

The directors of the Company also decided at a Board meeting on 19 November
2010 that since the Building was registered under the Company’s name, the
Company should handle its leasing and rent revenue. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB Vol 4, p 1276 and p 1278.

28 The Home also appeared to have been managed by the Company and not the
Society. Its management was undertaken by a committee consisting of 11 members
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB Vol 1, p 100.

The Plaintiff had additionally asserted in his Reply in Suit 1258 that the
Home was “financed and managed by the Defendant’s predecessor for over 100
years” from its founding in 1902. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Reply, para 8.

(C) The Company was not the finance arm of the Society

29 Third, the evidence did not in fact show the Company functioning as the
financing arm of the Society. Although the Company had financially supported
the Society over the years, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See, eg, Phua’s AEIC, para 263; AB Vol 7, p 2309.

it did not appear that, prior to the Mediation Agreement, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB Vol 14, pp 4760–4761.

the Company was obliged to fund the Society. The Plaintiff conceded that such
an understanding was not recorded in writing anywhere else. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript (5 February 2021), p 97 line 23–p 98 line 2.

In any event, the Society had recorded a deficit in several years prior to
2012, when the Company ceased its funding of the Society. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB Vol 7, p 2309 and p 2468; AB Vol 8, p 2640.

This suggested that the Company had no obligation to prevent the Society from
going into deficit, contrary to what was asserted by the Plaintiff. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript (5 February 2021), p 95 line 12–p 96 line 12.

The Society also had other sources of funding, such as from its members and
management committee, or from fundraising for different events. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript (11 February 2021), p 25 line 19–p 26 line 10; p 46 lines 16–23.

Moreover, it did not appear that the Society had control over the Company’s
use of funds: the Plaintiff testified that the Society had never sued to
complain about such use, or that it had not been accorded priority. According
to the Plaintiff, the Society did not interfere as to which organisations the
Company donated to. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript (5 February 2021), p 41 line 20–p 42 line 9.

30 Furthermore, although the Mediation Agreement provided, inter alia, that
the Company would grant the Society an annual subvention of $130,000 for its
regular administrative expenses, and reimburse it in respect of its annual
scholarship and bursary awards as well as other welfare, cultural and
educational activities, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB Vol 14, p 4760.

the Society did not subsequently initiate legal proceedings to enforce the
Mediation Agreement when the Company stopped paying the amount. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript (5 February 2021), p 2 line 24–p 3 line 4; p 19 lines 7–16.

The Society also did not take steps to form a consultative council which,
according to the Mediation Agreement, was intended to resolve differences
arising from the implementation of the Agreement. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript (5 February 2021), p 14 line 13–p 15 line 13; AB Vol 14, p 4762.

31 As for the Company’s provision to the Society of rent-free use of the
Building, it was not clear that this was only provided to the Society as
opposed to other organisations. Although Mr Foo deposed that the Company
supported all Hainanese associations and therefore provided them with
complimentary use of the facilities in the Building, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Foo’s AEIC, para 115.

he later conceded in cross-examination that the Company had previously charged
certain of these associations for use of the said facilities. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript (24 February 2021), p 101 line 7–p 102 line 1; p 103 lines 18–22; p
108 line 14–p 19 line 13.

The Defendant subsequently sought to rely on several hall rental application
forms for organisations such as the Nanyang Calligraphy Centre and the Chinese
Opera & Drama Society (Singapore), on which it was indicated that their fees
been waived. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DBD”) Vol 3, pp 579 and 581; Defendant’s
Reply Submissions, para 74.

Additionally, although the Mediation Agreement provided as well that the
Company would “continu[e] with the current practice of … allowing the
[Society] to use rent-free the premises at the [Building]”, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB Vol 14, p 4760.

the Society did not at any point initiate legal proceedings to enforce the
Agreement, as mentioned above (at [30]).

32 What the evidence therefore showed was entirely more equivocal than what
the Plaintiff contended. There was some cooperation and perhaps at most
coordination over the years, which was better explained by their largely
common membership and leadership, at least in better times. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript (18 February 2021), p 45 line 7–p 46 line 2.

There was no strong evidence that the funds were disbursed or rent-free use of
the Building was given because the Company did indeed regard it as an
obligation to support the Society, in the way contended for by the Plaintiff.

(D) The Defendant’s constitutional documents did not refer to the matters
raised by the Plaintiff

33 Fourth, as submitted by the Defendant, its M&A made no mention of the
various matters raised by the Plaintiff. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB Vol 1, pp 10–25.

The objects covered matters relating to religion, the administration of the
Temple and burial grounds; the establishment of schools or other educational
institutions; the establishment of scholarships and other awards for the
benefit of the Chinese community; the support of welfare and charitable
associations or projects in Singapore or elsewhere; the receipt of gifts; and
the purchase or acquisition of property. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB Vol 1, p 10.

The M&A further provided that the income and property of the Company would be
applied solely towards the objects as set out in the M&A. Yet, none of the
objects specified therein entailed any of the purposes pleaded by the
Plaintiff, namely: providing support for the Society; working jointly with the
Society; acting as its financial arm; or allowing the Society to use the
Building rent-free. This was even though the M&A was last amended in 1993, by
which time there would not have been any reason to be concerned about control
by the former colonial government over the activities of the Society. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB Vol 1, pp 23–25; Transcript (4 February 2021), p 33 line 18–p 34 line 4.

34 Indeed, had this been an important issue over the years, one would have
expected some formalisation of the alleged substratum to have been made: if
not to the Company’s constitutional documents, then at least in the form of a
memorandum of understanding or some other document. Neither the Mediation
Agreement nor the Consent Order between the Society and the Company fulfilled
this role, as compromises may be entered into for a variety of reasons,
without full acceptance of the version of events put forward by the other
side. The fact that no formalisation was done over many decades gave rise to
considerable doubt that the alleged substratum really existed. Here, the
Company was shown, to my mind, to have other possible functions beyond
financial support for the Society. As recognised in its M&A, these included
maintaining and managing the Temple and burial ground; 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Foo’s AEIC, paras 24–25.

holding religious and cultural festivals; 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Foo’s AEIC, para 27; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Ngiam Seng Wee dated 23
November 2020 (“Ngiam’s AEIC”), para 4.

supporting schools; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Foo’s AEIC, para 28; Ngiam’s AEIC, para 17.

and supporting welfare and charitable projects, including the Home. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ngiam’s AEIC, para 14.

Accordingly, the fact that the Company had provided funding to the Society
over the years could not itself be a basis for the substratum. That would, if
at all, be an argument in estoppel or some similar doctrine, being a matter to
be raised in a direct claim by the Society against the Company.

(E) The members of the Company did not have an understanding as alleged by the
Plaintiff

35 Fifth, the members of the Company were also not proven to have had such an
understanding of the organisations being “two-in-one”. The difference of views
between the members within the Company were obvious, and if anything, most of
the members as indicated by the views of the majority of the Board seemed to
be content to have a different kind of relationship than what was claimed by
the Plaintiff.

36 The case law does show that it is possible for a relationship between
members of a company giving rise to equitable considerations to occur before
or after incorporation (Michel v Michel and others [2020] 1 BCLC 54 at [83]).
In Lim Ah Sia v Tiong Tuang Yeong and others [2014] 4 SLR 140, the Court
recognised that a quasi-partnership could arise in respect of subsequent
agreements after incorporation. This could take place, for example, when the
“original objects and purposes for which the [c]ompany was incorporated had
disappeared”, and the remaining shareholders decided to carry on the business
based on new understandings and agreements in response to the “radically
changed circumstances”, which were not formalised due to the existing mutual
trust and confidence between shareholders (at [70]). However, what I see from
the cases is that there must be clear evidence of such a new understanding or
new agreement being formed (see, eg, Strahan v Wilcox [2006] 2 BCLC 555 at
[23] and [25]; Shepherd v Williamson and another [2010] EWHC 2375 (Ch) at
[81]–[89]).

37 As for a quasi-partnership, understanding or other substratum lasting
beyond the original members, I do note that there are cases in which it has
been found that a mutual understanding giving rise to equitable considerations
between members in a company may also endure and bind successors. For example,
in Khoshkhou v Cooper and others [2014] EWHC 1087 (Ch), David Cooke J held
that the entry of a new member and director into the company did not affect
its continued characterisation as a quasi-partnership which was closely
dependent on the involvement of some or all of its shareholders, and the
personal relationship between the four original members (at [25]). It was not
disputed that the new member had joined due to his friendly relations with one
of the directors, and intended to play a full part in the management and
operations of the company. Similarly, in Fisher, Mr Phillip Sales (sitting as
a Deputy Judge of the English High Court) held that where a father had run a
business as an informal family company, his death and that of his spouse, and
the devolution of their shares to their children did not affect its quasi-
partnership nature (at [89]). In Re Edwardian Group Ltd [2019] 1 BCLC 171,
Fancourt J regarded the situation in Fisher as one where the shareholders who
were not parties to the equitable considerations were closely connected to the
quasi-partners, such that the established quasi-partnership character of the
company did not change (at [134]). He considered that such equitable
considerations arising from an agreement or understanding between members were
(at [135]):

… enforceable in equity because of its mutuality: the mutual relationship of
trust and confidence, of a personal character, affects the conscience of each
member equally. Almost by definition, if the majority (by voting rights) of
the members are not bound by any such mutual rights or understanding, the
company does not have the characteristics of a partnership. One can see that,
in an exceptional case, the fact that a small shareholding may have devolved
on someone ‘outside the ring’ ought not to affect the character of the
company. In other cases, the shares may only be permitted to be transferred to
someone who is a member of the class within the ring, so that the character of
the company is unaffected. …

Again, for such understanding to endure and enure to successors, there must be
clear evidence of its intended durability. As has been examined here, what was
put forward fell far short.

38 Furthermore, the great difficulty with the Plaintiff’s assertion of a
substratum was that, even beyond the constitutional documents of the Company,
the members of the Company were not shown to have a general understanding and
common intention as to such an alleged main object (Re Johnson Corp Ltd (1980)
5 ACLR 227 at 235; Strong v J Brough & Son (Strathfield) Pty Ltd (1991) 5 ACSR
296 at 300; Sim Yong Kim at [14]). For example, at a Board meeting on 3 June
2014, 13 of 16 directors voted against allocating the Society funds for 2013
and 2014. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AB Vol 6, pp 2040–2041.

This was despite assertions at the meeting by the Plaintiff and another
director of the Company, Mr Richard Cheng (“Mr Cheng”), that the Company was
the “economic pillar” of the Society. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB Vol 6, p 2040.

The Plaintiff also relied on a motion tabled at an AGM of the Company on 1
August 1998 to study the feasibility of amalgamating the two organisations, in
support of his argument that the members of the Company were aware of its
close relationship with the Society. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB Vol 1, pp 168–171.

That motion was later withdrawn by its proposer. However, in the discussion
which followed, several members observed that there was a problem of a lack of
cooperation between the two organisations.

39 The Plaintiff sought to rely as well on a number of publications in arguing
that the members of the Company would have been informed that the Company and
the Society functioned as “two-in-one”. These included a publication from the
Company for its 165th anniversary which stated that the Company and Society
were “still operating in the old manner by taking care of their respective
duties on internal and external affairs”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DBD Vol 3, p 521.

Various annual reports of the Company also recorded that its main activities
included, amongst other things, the funding of the recurrent expenditures of
the Society. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AB Vol 2, pp 438 and 542.

However, Mr Foo testified that the writers of the former publication were not
themselves Hainanese and merely “copied over the content” from previous
magazines. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript (25 February 2021), p 54 lines 2–12.

The Defendant also pointed to a news report from June 1991 which referred to
controversy over “who control[led] the kitty of the [Society Predecessor] –
the [Company] or the clan itself”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB Vol 13, p 4391–4396; Transcript (18 February 2021), p 31 line 8–p 32 line
14.

This suggested that there were previously already disagreements over the
Company’s purported obligations to fund the Society and provide it rent-free
use of the Building.

(F) It was not shown that the agreement involved all the members

40 Sixth, another difficulty with the Plaintiff’s argument was that where the
alleged agreement affected the general activities of the Company, one would
have expected the agreement to involve all the members. Anything less would
lead to the result that the other members who were strangers to the alleged
arrangement would be bound as well. Yet, there was no mechanism for this, nor
did the Plaintiff adduce any such evidence.

(G) It was not shown that the Society represented all Hainanese persons

41 Finally, it was also no answer for the Plaintiff to have pointed to the
supposed expectations or objectives of the Hainanese community. There was no
evidence that the Society did in fact represent all Hainanese, or had some
legal capacity to represent them. The aspirations of the Society, its
leadership and its members over the years did not count. In the absence of
evidence of the involvement of all or substantially the whole of the Hainanese
population in the affairs of the Society, and acceptance by them of the
Society’s claimed position, the Plaintiff’s assertions could not be accepted.
The conferment of some representative power on the Society by statute would
have been an alternative basis, but there was no such statutory framework in
place.

42 All of this left aside the important question of who counted as Hainanese –
which the Court did not have to go into on this occasion.

(2) Even if the alleged substratum existed, it was not so limited as to
justify a winding up

43 I was of the view that even if the purported main object of the Company as
argued by the Plaintiff was made out, the substratum of the Company was not so
limited as to justify a winding up. This is as a company will not be wound up
on the “just and equitable” ground simply on the basis that a prominent
purpose for the company is incapable of being achieved, if other objects of
the company are still capable being achieved (Re Perfectair Holdings Ltd
(1989) 5 BCC 837 (“Perfectair Holdings”) at 848). The level of unfairness in
cases concerning a loss of substratum was thus described in O’Neill as (at
1101–1102):

… there may be some event which puts an end to the basis upon which the
parties entered into association with each other, making it unfair that one
shareholder should insist upon the continuance of the association. The analogy
of contractual frustration suggests itself. The unfairness may arise not from
what the parties have positively agreed but from a majority using its legal
powers to maintain the association in circumstances to which the minority can
reasonably say it did not agree: non haec in foedera veni. It is well
recognised that in such a case there would be power to wind up the company on
the just and equitable ground …

44 As such, in Ho Po Yeng v Ho Ming Chun [2013] HKEC 378, Harris J in the Hong
Kong Court of First Instance rejected the petitioner’s argument that there was
an understanding between the founding members of the subject company that its
business would be machinery maintenance and the manufacture of plastic
injection moulding, and that the company would be wound up in the event that
this ceased to continue. Applying Perfectair Holdings, Harris J observed that
the objects clause of the subject company was drafted in wide terms: although
manufacturing and dealing in plant and machinery was the first of the
commercial activities listed as the principal purposes of the company, it was
merely the most prominent amongst many. The clause also expressly included
carrying on business as property owners, and the company had been letting out
rental properties for income for 12 years prior to the petition for winding
up. The argument as to a loss of substratum was therefore not made out.

45 In the present case, it was clear from the M&A of the Company (as noted at
[33] above) that the Company had numerous other objects. These included the
administration of the Temple and burial grounds, and the support of welfare
and charitable associations or projects in Singapore or elsewhere. It was
similarly understood by its members that the Company financially supported
other associations and projects, in particular the Home – although, as will be
discussed below, it was not clear that a proper procedure was followed in
relation some of those payments. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Foo’s AEIC, paras 28–29; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Lim Fang Siang
dated 23 November 2020 (“Lim’s AEIC”), para 10; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief
of Liang Foo Jee dated 23 November 2020 (“Liang’s AEIC”), para 7; DBD Vol 3,
pp 535–543; Transcript (3 March 2021), p 43 line 2–p 44 line 8.

I was therefore of the opinion that even assuming that a principal object of
the Company was to financially support the Society and provide it rent-free
use of the Building, the failure of the Company to do so did not in itself
justify winding up on the just and equitable ground.

46 For completeness, to address the purported failure of the Company’s main
object as alleged by the Plaintiff, there was evidence showing that the
Company did not furnish the Society with the funding it requested for in
relation to certain activities, even though the Society had sought to clarify
the Company’s questions on them, and the Company did not appear to raise
further concerns. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB Vol 6, pp 1953–1954; 2020; AB Vol 12, p 4135; Transcript (23 February
2021), p 54 line 24–p 66 line 13; p 81 line 20–p 82 line 1; p 84 lines 16–18.

As for the alleged exclusion of the Society from the Building, the Plaintiff’s
complaint was four-fold, namely: (a) the Society was prevented from using the
auditorium in the Building for its Chinese New Year celebrations on 8 February
2019 as well as its weekly education and cultural classes; (b) the Society was
prevented from using a meeting room in the Building, with no explanation given
to it; (c) the documents and records of the Society were removed from the
joint secretariat office in the Building; and (d) the signboard on the façade
of the Building which stated “Hainan Hwee Kuan” was replaced with one stating
“Kheng Chiu Building”.

47 I found that the purported exclusion of the Society from the auditorium was
plausibly on account of security and safety concerns: minutes from an informal
meeting of the Board of Directors on 30 July 2019 recorded that some persons
had damaged the auditorium, resulting in its closure. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Supplementary Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Liang Foo Jee dated 2 March
2021 (“Liang’s Supplementary AEIC”), p 20.

However, it did not appear that the Society was given any reason for not being
allowed to use the meeting room, as accepted by Mr Foo in cross-examination.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript (24 February 2021), p 63 lines 5–13; p 71 lines 9–14.

It also transpired that another organisation, the Singapore Yio Chu Kang Kheng
Zai Tung Yeo Hui, of which Mr Foo was President, used the same room on 15
December 2018, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB Vol 14, p 4889; Transcript (24 February 2021), p 54 line 5–p 55 line 1.

around the time the Society requested to use it on 26 December 2018 and 16
January 2019. Furthermore, on the removal of the documents and records of the
Society from the joint secretariat, although the evidence was not clear on
which party initiated the removal, this appeared to be a natural corollary of
the fact that the Society was stopped from using the facilities in the
Building. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript (26 February 2021), p 10 line 15–p 11 line 17; Phua’s AEIC, paras
326–330.

As for the replacement of the signboard on the façade of the Building, it was
nevertheless reasonable for a signboard bearing the name of the Building to be
placed at its entrance, as conceded by the Plaintiff. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript (9 February 2021), p 8 line 19–p 9 line 2.

The matters relied on by the Plaintiff as going towards a loss of substratum
would therefore have been made out only in part, on the assumption that there
was indeed such a substratum as alleged – which was not the case, as discussed
above.

Conclusion on just and equitable ground

48 In sum, I found that none of the evidence relied upon by the Plaintiff
sufficiently showed that the members of the Company recognised any
relationship of the sort he asserted, as between the Company and the Society.
The previous provision by the Company of funding or support could just as
easily have been a temporary arrangement, lacking any intention or objective
of being long-lasting. All that the Plaintiff relied upon was equivocal, and
could have been explained on other grounds. In any event, the existence of
other objects of the Company which continued to be relevant meant that winding
up could not be justified on the basis of any loss of the alleged substratum.

Unfairness ground

49 As regards this ground, a number of allegations were made by the Plaintiff,
not all of which, I found, were made out.

The law

50 Section 254(1)(f) of the CA provides as follows:

Circumstances in which company may be wound up by Court

254.— (1) The Court may order the winding up if —

(f) the directors have acted in the affairs of the company in their own
interests rather than in the interests of the members as a whole, or in any
other manner whatever which appears to be unfair or unjust to other members.

51 Under the first limb of the subsection, “the directors” does not require
the Board to act unanimously; it is sufficient if the effective majority has
acted in their own interests or the interests of one or more of those Board
members, or even where one director has “caused his will to be carried into
effect … with the result that his personal interest has been preferred” (Re
Cumberland Holdings Ltd (1976) 1 ACLR 361 (“Cumberland Holdings”) at 374).
Furthermore, the “affairs of the company” is a wide description encompassing
all matters which may come before the Board for consideration (Cumberland
Holdings at 374–375). What is targeted is the directors preferring their own
interests to one or more or some significant section of the members, and thus
cannot be said to be acting in the interests of the members as a whole (Re HL
Sensecurity Pte Ltd (formerly known as HL Integral Systems Pte Ltd) [2006]
SGHC 135 (“HL Sensecurity”) at [28]). The reference to “unfair and unjust”
connotes some commercial morality or integrity which the law ought to uphold,
on a consideration of all the circumstances (Foo Yin Shung & Ors v Foo Nyit
Tse & Brothers Sdn Bhd [1989] 2 MLJ 369; HL Sensecurity at [28]).

52 An overlap with s 254(1)(i) of the CA through loss of confidence does
arise, and the two are often raised in the alternative (Steering Committee
Report at ch 2, para 135; see, eg, Douglas Foo at [28]; Poh Leong Soon v SL
Hair & Beauty Slimming Centre Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 109 at [22] and EQ Capital
Investments Ltd v The Wellness Group Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 154 at [45]). As
such, I do not propose to distinguish them in this aspect. What must be borne
in mind is that the loss of confidence by minority members must not be because
they were outvoted on the business affairs of the company but because of a
lack of probity in conduct (Loch and another v John Blackwood Limited [1924]
AC 783 at 788; Douglas Foo at [48]). The prohibition is not against all
actions that may adversely affect the minority, nor does the provision operate
to confer upon the minority an effective veto in all matters. The line between
legitimacy and otherwise is not readily drawn, and must be teased out from
case to case.

Application to the facts

53 In my view, the behaviour by the directors in control clearly fell beyond
the pale.

54 A number of allegations were raised by the Plaintiff. He argued that there
was a failure to convene general meetings, present and file financial
statements, and file annual returns. These contravened the requirements under
statute. Board meetings had also not been held since 2015. The Plaintiff
further contended that there was unfair conduct arising out of the
aforementioned alleged exclusion of the Society from the Building including
the replacement of the signboard stating “Hainan Hwee Kuan” on the Building,
and a failure to implement the Consent Order. The Defendant responded that the
Plaintiff was aware that an impasse in the implementation of the Consent
Order, for which he was partly responsible, meant that the Company was unable
to comply with certain statutory and constitutional requirements. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 256.

Furthermore, informal meetings had been held instead of Board meetings, as
notice was given for them and it was simply that the meetings did not achieve
quorum. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 141.

The use of the Building by the Society was also a matter within the Company’s
discretion, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 125.

and complaints such as the removal of the signboard were trivial in nature and
did not justify winding up. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 235–236.

55 Out of all of the Plaintiff’s various contentions, what could be teased out
from the arguments and pleadings that were to my mind operative were certain
lapses surrounding the holding of meetings, and a lack of accountability and
transparency in relation to the financial matters of the Company. I accepted
that these were instances of the effective majority of the Board conducting
the affairs of the Company in manner which was unfair to the Plaintiff and his
faction.

(1) Lapses surrounding the holding of meetings

56 The Plaintiff argued that there had been no Board meetings held since 20
January 2015, and that none were convened despite repeated requests by Mr
Cheng. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Statement of Claim, para 80.

Rather, it was alleged that Mr Foo’s faction made decisions and conducted the
affairs of the Company without consulting with the Board of Directors, and to
the exclusion of the Plaintiff’s faction. The Defendant argued that it
informed all directors via letter whenever a Board meeting was scheduled and
that it was in fact the Plaintiff and fellow directors Mr Cheng and Mdm Long
Ah Joong (“Mdm Long”) who had refused to attend any meetings since 2013. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defence, para 65; Foo’s AEIC, para 159.

The Company nevertheless continued to hold meetings which turned out to be
informal as they could not achieve quorum, and notices for these were sent to
the directors. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, paras 140–141.

Furthermore, given that the Board was discussing ongoing lawsuits and issues
with the Society, the Plaintiff ought not to have participated in any case, as
he would have been in a position of conflict. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 243.

The Plaintiff also admitted to being aware of a proposal that was raised by
one Mr Han Chee Juan (“Mr Han”) at one of these meetings, regarding an amount
that the Company would pay to the Society; and the Plaintiff had corresponded
with Mr Han on this proposal. The Company therefore reasonably expected that
the Society would be kept apprised by Mr Han of developments in the
negotiations. These informal meetings were therefore not “clandestine affairs
intended to be hidden from [the Plaintiff’s] knowledge”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 238–240.

57 I found that there were no properly constituted Board meetings held from
2015. I accepted that there was no refusal by the Plaintiff and those aligned
with him, namely Mr Cheng and Mdm Long, to attend Board meetings. The evidence
did show, as submitted by the Plaintiff, that these three persons attended
meetings from 2010 to January 2015. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 382; Annex B.

Furthermore, Mr Foo testified that he could not recall if there were official
Board meetings convened after January 2015. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript (24 February 2021), p 22 lines 3–7.

Indeed, it was Mr Foo himself, as well as Mr Liang Foo Jee (“Mr Liang”), a
Company director from 2010 and Treasurer from 2013, who brought up the
existence of small group meetings, where decisions concerning the Company were
made. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript (24 February 2021), p 59 lines 18–p 60 line 15; Transcript (3 March
2021), p 43 lines 2–p 44 line 8.

They testified that no notices were sent out for these meetings, and no
minutes were taken. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Though as noted in [58] below there were indeed some minutes taken of some
purported meetings, and copies of some notices at least were kept, even if
there was no evidence that they were sent to all the directors of the Company.

Mr Liang’s testimony in Court was, as noted by the Plaintiff, at odds with his
affidavit evidence, in which he had deposed that the Board must be notified
and must discuss all proposals before allocating the Company’s funds. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Liang Foo Jee dated 23 November 2020
(“Liang’s AEIC”), para 7(b); Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 388.

It would seem that some of the Defendant’s witnesses considered that it was
enough for these small group meetings to be chaired by Mr Foo as the Chairman
of the Board. These were by Mr Foo’s admission informal meetings, ie, not
actual Board meetings. The fact that the Defendant’s witnesses accepted that
Board meetings were not in fact held puts paid to the assertion that there
were proper Board meetings after 2015.

58 If that was not enough, the Plaintiff appeared to have been excluded from
these purported meetings between members of the Board from 2015. The Defendant
disclosed in these proceedings notices of “BOD meeting[s]” which were
addressed to all directors, although there was no evidence to show that they
were sent to all directors including the Plaintiff. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DBD, Vol 1, pp 24–37.

Attendance sheets and meeting minutes showed that these meetings took place on
6 May 2016, 6 May 2017, 21 March 2018, 31 March 2018 and 30 July 2019. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DBD, Vol 1, pp 4–22; Liang’s Supplementary AEIC, pp 22–31.

Yet, the Plaintiff’s faction (including himself, Mr Cheng and Mdm Long) 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Phua’s AEIC, para 355.

was not recorded as having attended these meetings. The evidence of the
Plaintiff and Mr Cheng was that they were not informed of any Board meetings
since January 2015, nor were they informed of the informal meetings. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Phua’s AEIC, paras 359 and 364; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Richard
Joseph Cheng Tim Leck dated 23 November 2020 (“Cheng’s AEIC”), paras 52–53.

59 There was the evidence of the Accounts Executive of the Company who deposed
that the Company’s secretariat did not receive any instructions to stop
issuing notices of Board meetings to any director, including the Plaintiff and
Mr Cheng; and that she had seen the Company’s Executive Secretary mailing out
these notices before every Board meeting. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Chow Yew Eng dated 23 February 2021 (“Chow’s
AEIC”), paras 14–15.

The Accounts Executive also recalled a conversation with the Executive
Secretary in which the latter had stated that all directors should be notified
regardless of the circumstances, including the Plaintiff’s suing of the
Company. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Chow’s AEIC, para 16.

However, her evidence was not specific about actual events and matters
observed, being more in the nature of her general recollection of what she
thought would have been the practice normally. This was of little probative
weight. Furthermore, when weighed against the evidence and admissions of Mr
Foo and Mr Liang, I could not give the Accounts Executive’s general testimony
much weight at all.

60 Additionally, given that the Plaintiff, Mr Cheng and Mdm Long had attended
a majority of the Board meetings from 18 January 2010 to 20 January 2015, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, Annex B.

I accepted that they did not attend these informal meetings as they were not
told of them. Although three of the five meeting notices disclosed by the
Defendant referred to a discussion of the conflicts between the Company and
the Society as being on the agenda, with a fourth notice listing for
discussion the Society’s use of the auditorium, not all matters on the agenda
concerned the Society. These included the Company’s preparation of accounting
reports, the preparation for certain celebrations and migration of the burial
ground. The fact that the Plaintiff may have been conflicted out on certain
matters did not excuse the Company from formally convening Board meetings and
notifying all directors of the same, with the appropriate procedures used to
deal with any conflict of interest.

61 Significantly, these informal meetings appeared to have taken the place of
the Board meetings, to decide on the direction of the Company (as noted at
[57] above). In cross-examination, Mr Foo took the view that the directors at
these meetings could make decisions on behalf of the Company. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript (24 February 2021), p 61 lines 7–9.

Such decisions included deciding that the Society could not use the auditorium
in the Building for its Chinese New Year celebrations in 2019, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript (24 February 2021), p 59 lines 20–23.

and the engaging of security personnel in relation to events at the
auditorium. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript (24 February 2021), p 90 line 21–p 92 line 7.

Funding that was disbursed by the Company for various projects was also
decided upon informally among several directors, according to Mr Liang. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Liang’s AEIC, para 4 and Liang’s Supplementary AEIC, para 4; Transcript (3
March 2021), p 43 lines 2–13.

A donation of $110,000 that was paid to an old folks’ home and orphanage in
China in September 2018 was also only approved by Mr Foo and not discussed at
a Board meeting. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript (23 February 2021), p 97 line 23–p 99 line 4.

All this was done without the participation of the opposing directors, thus
depriving the minority within the Company of the opportunity to at least be
heard.

62 This was also a failure to ensure proper management. A company is not to be
run according to the whims and fancy of those in control. Proper procedure as
laid down in statute and the constitutional documents of the company ought to
be followed: that is the trade-off between the benefits of incorporation, such
as limited liability and separate legal personality, as against the
obligations to ensure proper management and the balancing of interests of the
members. The lack of proper management decision-making through the failure to
appropriately convene Board meetings was really a usurpation of the proper
decision-making process by a faction within the Company, and could not be
tolerated even if that faction constituted the majority. The ability to
consider, to voice opinions before deliberation, and if necessary, call for a
vote, lies at the core of decision-making within a corporate entity. The
Company failed in this requirement.

63 AGMs were also not held, in contravention of s 175 of the CA and Article 24
of the Company’s Articles of Association. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AB Vol 1, p 18.

No such general meeting was held for the members to adopt the financial
statements of the Company for the years 2011, 2012 and 2013, which contravened
ss 201 and 203 of the CA and Article 49 of the Company’s Articles of
Association. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AB Vol 1, p 20.

This was even though the issue was raised at five Board meetings from 6
November 2013 to 20 January 2015, and it was proposed that a team comprising
Mr Foo and five members would convene a special general meeting. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AB Vol 6, p 2059.

Furthermore, by the time of the Board meeting on 25 February 2014, the Company
had received a letter from the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority
informing it to approve those accounts to avoid being fined. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB Vol 6, p 2013; Transcript (23 February 2021), p 125 lines 19–22.

I note however that Mr Foo had proposed holding an AGM at a Board meeting on 3
June 2014 and the Plaintiff was the only director who opposed this, although
he stated that there was no objection to having an Extraordinary General
Meeting (“EGM”) to approve the accounts. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AB Vol 6, p 2049.

I also accepted that the subsequent inability of the Company to hold any AGM
or EGM arose out of the current impasse in the implementation of the Consent
Order, which was a matter for OS 789. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, paras 134 and 157.

This was since the Company was thus unable to verify its membership, pending
an implementation of the membership review process which was envisioned by the
Consent Order. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Foo’s AEIC, paras 165–166.

(2) Financial procedures

64 The Plaintiff argued that there was a lack of accountability and
transparency by Mr Foo and his faction in relation to the financial matters of
the Company. Given that there were no Board meetings held after 20 January
2015, the financial reports for 2015, 2016 and 2017 were not approved through
them, but via circular resolutions that were sent to the directors.
Furthermore, the relevant financial statements were not sent together with the
circular resolutions, and the Company did not respond to three letters sent by
Mr Cheng requesting for the statements as well as that a Board meeting be held
to discuss them. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 358–362.

This was on top of multiple requests Mr Cheng made from June 2013 for
information on various expenses and monies received by the Company before the
29 June 2013 EGM, and for the Company to furnish such information to its
members. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Cheng’s AEIC, paras 42–43.

However, the information was not provided to him. His requests in 2013 to
inspect the accounting books and records of the Company also met with no
response.

65 The Defendant argued that the directors nevertheless signed the circular
resolutions after viewing the financial statements at the Building. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 139.

It also submitted that Mr Cheng’s letters were designed to harass the
directors and staff of the Company and that the information requested therein
was not in any event similarly requested by the Plaintiff, nor was it made on
behalf of the members of the Company. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

` Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 202–229.

66 As noted in relation to the general meetings (at [63] above), there was
non-compliance with various other requirements concerning financial matters.
For example, it was shown that the Company did not file annual returns for
several years, in contravention of s 197 of the CA. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB Vol 12, pp 4192–4193.

In general, I found that these financial matters were not properly deliberated
and considered: although the passing of resolutions by circulation can
sometimes allow for discussion and debate, what occurred in the present case,
with individuals turning up to be shown the documents, and for them to sign
without anything more, fell far short of the engagement and scrutiny required.

67 The Company argued that as statutory consequences have been laid out for
non-compliance, such non-compliance should not give rise to a winding up. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 351.

However, while each infringement could give rise to culpability and possible
punishment, these penalties did not in my view preclude such infringement from
also being a basis for winding up. What mattered was the scale and extent of
such breach; where these were wide-ranging, as in the present case, winding up
may indeed be appropriate.

68 The Company also argued that the subject of some of the Plaintiff’s
complaints, in particular the abovementioned letters sent by Mr Cheng to
request for information, were not genuine. I found that even if Mr Cheng was
acting for some other purpose, this did not rob his requests of their
legitimate basis, and they should have been responded to. Even if these were
only intended to harass, other avenues of redress should have been pursued by
those running the Company, as opposed to ignoring the letters. The appropriate
provision of information is also part and parcel of the proper management and
control of a corporate entity. This would not by itself normally be an
indication of unfairness, as various reasons could have lain behind the non-
response. But taken together with the lapses surrounding the holding of
meetings and the failure to properly discuss financial documents, the non-
response took on a different hue: it indicated a blatant disregard for the
interests of others, especially those not part of the majority.

69 I thus found that the Company’s various arguments did not support its
defence in respect of this ground.

Conclusion on unfairness ground

70 From all of the above, I was satisfied that there was ample evidence to
show that those in control of the Board of the Company preferred their own
interests over those of the members as a whole, and that this was in a manner
unfair or unjust to the other members. Under the CA, the Board is the decision
making body within a company. Anything that circumvents the authority and
proper functioning of the Board undercuts proper governance, and can only
damage the company. Here, the holding of the informal meetings in place of
proper Board meetings not only deprived the minority Board members of the
opportunity at least to voice their positions and attempt to convince other
Board members, but also by doing so denied the Company appropriate governance,
as required under the law. Similarly, the truncated consideration of the
financial matters circumvented the proper process for determining such issues.
From this, I found that the controlling group within the Company was not
exercising its powers for the benefit of the Company as a whole, and overrode
and disregarded the interests of the minority group without justification.

71 The two factual situations above also amounted to unfair or oppressive
conduct giving rise to a justifiable loss of confidence in the management of
the Company, such as would justify winding up pursuant to s 254(1)(i) of the
CA.

Arguments that were not accepted

72 While I found a number of matters against the Company and its management,
the Plaintiff was not successful in all his arguments. In particular, the
failure of the Company to fund the Society, the exclusion of the Society from
the Building, the removal of the signboard and the failure to implement the
Consent Order did not support the Plaintiff’s claims in relation to
unfairness, insofar as it was open to the Company to have come to the
conclusion that none of those things were in the Company’s interests.

73 For example, it would have been reasonable for the Company to have
concluded after the fact that implementing the Consent Order in the manner
sought or interpreted by the Society was not in the interests of its
membership as a whole. Whether other consequences should follow from non-
compliance was a separate matter. Additionally, the premise underlying all of
the complaints was that there was a special relationship between the Company
and the Society, and I found that this was either not made out or was
irrelevant to the running of the Company. Indeed, the Plaintiff’s allegations
concerning the Company’s funding of the Society as well as the exclusion of
the Society from the Building and the removal of the signboard did not touch
on the minority interests claimed by the Plaintiff in the activities of the
Company, but really concerned the Society’s interests. However, the Society
was not a member of the Company, and how its interests were affected was
irrelevant.

Society representing the Hainanese community

74 I must note that while the Plaintiff claimed that the Society represented
the interests of the Hainanese community, the Courts would be very slow to
accept such an argument, unless the organisation in question has a clear basis
for the assertion, together with an appropriate framework for consultation and
deliberation by the community as a whole. The best indication of this would
have been a statutory framework, but the Society was not a statutory
organisation. Although the Rules of the Society provided that it was
established to, inter alia, represent the Hainanese community in matters
affecting their common interests and rights, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Phua’s AEIC, p 631.

such a belief, however strongly held by its members that it represented a
community as whole would not be enough: no group is monolithic, or homogenous
in its views. In the present case, the Society potentially represented no more
than the views of its members for the time being, and would not then be
representing the whole section of the public that was the Hainanese community.
In any event, as argued by the Company, the Society was not a party to these
proceedings.

75 On that note, I also did not accept the argument by the Plaintiff that Mr
Foo and his faction had “replaced” the Society with Hainan Federation, which
was set up by Mr Foo and several others, and similarly purported to be
“responsible for connecting [the] Hainan [c]ommunity and develop[ing]
Hainanese culture”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 19 and 489–498; AB Vol 13, p 4630.

It was argued that this amounted to a loss of substratum, as the Hainan
Federation “displace[d]” the Society as the organisation with which the
Company cooperated and functioned as “two-in-one”. The Plaintiff submitted
that this was also a failure by the directors to act in the interests of the
members of the Company. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions, para 329.

The Plaintiff argued that the Hainan Federation had held its inauguration
ceremony jointly with the Company’s anniversary celebration dinner, whereas
the Society had previously held joint anniversary celebrations with the
Company; furthermore, the Company’s secretariat carried out work for the
Hainan Federation. However, there was no evidence showing that these were
authorised by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Plaintiff submitted
that as the Hainan Federation was open to other dialect groups (as opposed to
the Society, which was only open to Hainanese), this was an instance of Mr Foo
and his faction attempting to admit more of their supporters as members of the
Company, in order to “establish a stronghold over the management of the
[Company]”.

76 As noted above, I did not accept the existence of any such substratum as
alleged by the Plaintiff, such that his argument on a loss of substratum could
not succeed. In any event, insofar that the Company supported many other
organisations in accordance with its objects (as mentioned at [45] above), the
Company’s apparent support of the Hainan Federation could not have amounted to
a loss of substratum. Additionally, although directors may be held to have
acted in their own interests where they have acted in the interests of another
company of which they are also directors and shareholders (Cumberland Holdings
at 375), what was raised did not rise to the level of being contrary to
commercial morality or integrity (see [51] above; Re Weedmans Ltd [1974] Qd R
377 at 397–398; Cumberland Holdings at 375–376). It was difficult to see how
the holding of joint celebrations with Hainan Federation and the fact that the
Company secretariat did work for the Hainan Federation was unfair and unjust
to the members of the Company (as opposed to the Society). 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB Vol 12, p 4352; Transcript (4 March 2021), p 6 lines 16–20.

77 The Plaintiff’s contention that Mr Foo and his faction intended to thereby
entrench their control over the Company was also speculative and tenuous. It
was not shown, for example, that members of the Hainan Federation would also
be members of the Company, such that Mr Foo and his faction could enjoy wider
support in the Company. Indeed, it seemed that the Hainan Federation was
intended to cooperate with the Society, with the possibility of merger between
the two raised by Mr Foo and confirmed by one Mr Ngiam Seng Wee, a member of
both the Company and Society and the Secretary-General of the Hainan
Federation. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

AB Vol 13, 4630; Transcript (2 March 2021), p 43 line 13–p 44 line 11.

Company limited by guarantee

78 Additionally, the fact that the Company was limited by guarantee rather
than shares was not, to my mind, a material difference in the present case.
Obligations were still owed to the members, who were entitled to expect to be
treated fairly. As observed by the Plaintiff, non-profit driven organisations
such as the Defendant which choose to incorporate themselves generally adopt
the form of a company limited by guarantee rather than shares because “what is
important is the participation of the members and not the raising of capital”
(Jean Warburton, Unincorporated Associations: Law and Practice (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 1992) at pp 6–7). 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions, paras 24–25.

79 The Defendant argued that in the instance of a company limited by
guarantee, the process of becoming a member ordinarily includes lower
financial barriers to entry such as a membership fee, and there is no concept
of investing in the company as such. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 34–35.

Members may also simply leave if they wish to end their association with the
company. It submitted that it was therefore unlikely that members of such
companies could suffer unfairness from a loss of substratum. Furthermore, it
submitted that an argument on a loss of confidence in the management of a
company ought not apply in this context, since there was no “minority”
shareholder to speak of and similarly, any members who wished to leave could
do so without any issue of being locked in. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 262–263.

80 This argument appeared to posit that members in a company limited by
guarantee have a different interest than shareholders in a company limited by
shares.

81 It is true that shareholders may appear to have a financial interest in
their shares, through contribution to the capital, and the possibility of gain
therefrom, while members of a company limited by guarantee do not. This
difference in interest however does not translate into a difference in
treatment for the purposes of s 254 of the CA. There is nothing in the
language of that section which would lead to such a conclusion.

82 It is also entirely conceivable that members of a company limited by
guarantee may suffer prejudice or unfairness in the same way as shareholders.
Thus, in Re Ingleburn Horse and Pony Club Ltd and the Companies Act [1973] 1
NSWLR 641, Street J held that the remedy of winding up for oppression under s
186 of the Companies Act 1961 (NSW) could also apply in the case of a company
limited by guarantee. This was as “disputes can arise and flourish, and
oppression can hold sway as freely” in both types of companies, and to deny
such a remedy merely due to the fact that the members of a company had not put
up a monetary sum by taking shares in the company was an “insubstantial
distinction” (at 645). Street J found that oppressive conduct was established,
as the committee which managed the company had, amongst other things, resolved
to expel several members from the club without providing reasons for such
expulsion. However, a winding up order was ultimately not ordered, and the
petition was stood over to enable the parties to decide what should be done
within the company.

83 On the other hand, winding up was ordered on the just and equitable ground
(there, a loss of confidence) as well as on account of oppression in Macquarie
University v Macquarie University Union Limited (No 2) [2007] FCA 844
(“University Union”), concerning a company limited by guarantee (“MUU”) which
operated as a student union, with the purpose of promoting the welfare of
Macquarie University (“the University”) and its members. It was found that
certain of the company directors had caused transfers to be made from its bank
account and that of its subsidiary (at [38]). These were to ensure that the
assets were placed beyond the reach of the University and into their control,
contrary to the objects of MUU and in breach of their director’s duties. There
had also been unfairness on their part. Appointments to the Board of Directors
were made without the knowledge of a director, one Mr Alfonso Maccioni (“Mr
Maccioni”) (at [35]). Moreover, they arranged to remove Mr Maccioni and the
financial controller of MUU as signatories to certain bank accounts, without
the knowledge of the latter (at [36]). In exercising his discretion to wind up
the company, Lindgren J found relevant, amongst other factors, that the
University intended to restructure the provision of services to students by
amalgamating the operations of MUU and its subsidiaries along with other
entities (at [43]). He also took the view that it would not be a satisfactory
solution for a fresh election of directors to be held, since the directors who
had caused these illegitimate transfers could well be re-elected and embark on
a similar course of action (at [44]).

84 I note as well that a non-profit company limited by guarantee which was
formed for religious purposes was wound up on the just and equitable ground in
Gregor and Another v British-Israel-World Federation (NSW) (2002) 41 ACSR 641
(“Gregor”), on account of, inter alia, the practical impossibility of carrying
on the activities of the company due to a bifurcation in its board, which
could not be remedied by its members. That was therefore primarily a case of
an irretrievable breakdown in relationship amongst its members (see [14(b)]
above). Austin J found that there was “bitter conflict in which each side has
endeavoured to use the rules of the organisation, frequently mistakenly, to
achieve its objectives”; and what was material was that the board of the
management of the company “comprise[d] bitterly opposed factions who clearly
[could not] work together and make sensible decisions for the future of the
company” (at [138] and [141]).

85 While I did not accept the Plaintiff’s argument on a loss of substratum,
the argument may similarly apply to support a just and equitable winding up of
a company limited by guarantee. It has been observed that where a company that
is not run for profit has no realistic prospect of being able to provide
certain services in keeping with its objects, winding up may be ordered on the
just and equitable ground (University Union at [43]; Derek French,
Applications to Wind Up Companies (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2021) at
para 8.263). Winding up was therefore also ordered in Re United Medical
Protection of Queensland [2004] NSWSC 14, in relation to a medical defence
company limited by guarantee, following a merger with other companies; with
the result that, amongst other things, it ceased to provide services to its
members or otherwise act in accordance with its objects (at [28]). Ultimately,
although the fact that a company is limited by guarantee may impact the degree
of unfairness at hand and therefore the exercise of the Court’s discretion in
deciding whether to order a winding up (see Re Calabria Community Club Ltd
[2013] NSWSC 998 at [127]–[130]), it cannot be said that any unfairness
suffered by its members (whether due to unfair conduct on the part of the
directors or loss of confidence; or a loss of substratum, as the case may be)
will never justify winding up.

Discretion of the Court

86 Returning to the present case, the circumstances considered above supported
a winding up. The unfairness occasioned to the Plaintiff and his faction
appeared to be a continuing state of affairs, and their exclusion from the
matters concerning the Company bore some resemblances with the circumstances
in University Union, where it was not clear how any re-election of the
directors would resolve matters. The impasse over implementing the Consent
Order was also somewhat akin to the situation in Gregor, such that it was
doubtful that the Company could continue to be managed effectively. While the
Court’s discretion to consider whether a winding up should be ordered is a
broad one, I did not see any reason why my discretion should be exercised
against winding up. The reasons supporting the making of a winding up order
were not attenuated in any way by any countervailing arguments. Evidence of
member support for a winding up of the Company was also inconclusive, with
members both in favour of 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AB Vol 8, pp 2844–2847; AB Vol 11, pp 3706, 3709, 3760, 3715, 3756, 3712,
3733, 3719, 3760, 3737, 3750, 3734, 3751, 3707, 3741, 3736 and 3710;
Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions, paras 316–317.

and against winding up. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Foo’s AEIC, paras 185–193; Lim’s AEIC, para 32; Ngiam’s AEIC, paras 8–18;
Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 358(a)–(b); Defendant’s Reply
Submissions, para 170(b).

87 The Defendant made the general point that winding up was not necessary and
that other consequences, including statutory penalties, should be applied.
While such penalties were perhaps available through enforcement action, these
would not directly vindicate the right to participation that should have been
accorded to the members, through voting by their chosen directors, or through
scrutiny by the directors of the financial documents.

88 The degree of the disregard for minority interests, leading to subversion
of the requirements for meetings and consideration of financial documents,
evinced an almost contemptuous attitude towards fair dealing with those who
were not aligned with the majority. While fairness does not require the
majority or those in control to give in to the minority, it does call for at
least proper procedure, and that the latter be given the opportunity to try to
persuade.

89 The possible availability of other remedies was therefore not a bar to
winding up: whether a winding up should be ordered depended on the extent,
scope, and persistence of the conduct complained of. Where such misconduct had
persisted for a long period of time, and confidence on the part of the
minority members was understandably lacking, the fact that other remedies
might be provided for was not enough to stave off winding up. Neither did I
find that there was any scope here for the operation of s 254(2A) of the CA,
which allows the Court to make an order for the interests in shares of the
members to be purchased by the company or other members on terms.

90 The main argument that could possibly point against winding up was the fact
that the Company served both a social function as well as a religious one.
However, such concerns did not bar an order for winding up. Rather, they
required that the liquidation be carried out in a sensitive and careful
manner. The dissolution of such a company must be carried out in a manner that
best preserved, as far as feasible, these functions and allowed them to be
transferred, if need be, to another entity.

91 Thus, winding up was ordered, but this was stayed, first in the interim,
pending any formal application by the Company for a stay pending appeal. I
ordered the stay on the condition that without leave of Court, there would be
no disposal or transfer of its property or monies other than in the ordinary
course of the running of the Company. If the Company found this onerous, it
could apply to the Court, pending appeal, for variation.

Consequential Remedies

92 I come to the question of the consequential remedies sought in addition to
the winding up of the Company.

93 Specifically, the Plaintiff asked for a declaration to be made that the
balance property should be transferred to the Society. This application by the
Plaintiff misconceived the winding up process. The winding up of the Company
involved liquidation of the assets, that is, a liquidator would be appointed
to bring in the proceeds of assets for distribution first. It was premature to
pre-empt what would happen in liquidation.

94 Furthermore, there is no right to specific assets in a liquidation. Even
creditors do not have any proprietary interest until the completion of
liquidation (Buchler v Talbot [2004] 2 AC 298 at [28]). Members too do not
have any property interest in the assets of the company. The Plaintiff relied
upon clause 9 of the Company’s Memorandum of Association, which stipulated
that any balance remaining on the winding up or dissolution of the Company was
to be transferred to an institution with similar objects to the Company as
agreed upon by the members, or by an order of the High Court giving effect to
the same, or to some charitable object. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AB Vol 1, p 11.

However, this clause did not and could not circumvent the insolvency process.
It did not bind the Court, and only bound the members between themselves.
Furthermore, the application of the cy-pres doctrine by the Court may result
in some entity or purpose other than the Society being found appropriate to
receive the property or funds.

95 A declaration as sought was also not appropriate as not all necessary
parties, in particular the Society, had been brought before the Court, as
required by Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another
appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [14]. There might have been other views about
how the property should be disposed of, and how clause 9 of the Company’s
Memorandum of Association should operate, particularly by the Commissioner of
Charities, who is entrusted under the Charities Act (Cap 37, 2020 Rev Ed) with
the supervision of charities. The Court also has a broad jurisdiction over
charitable trusts, and it is the Court’s determination of what is a proper
application cy-pres that would result in any transfer of property, and not
necessarily the Company’s M&A. The status and claim of the Society should be
properly tested, and it should seek to appear if it wished to assert any
claim.

96 Therefore, in the present case, a liquidator should first be appointed
under the order for winding up. Given that the property involved the Temple
and other assets for the benefit of a section of the public, I was inclined to
invite the Official Receiver and Public Trustee to be heard on the possible
appointment of a suitable liquidator. The Commissioner for Charities should
also be invited at the appropriate juncture to make arguments about any
transfer of the Temple and other assets to another charity. I thus brought my
decision to the attention of the Attorney-General, as well as the Official
Receiver and Public Trustee.

Costs

97 Cost directions were given separately.

Conclusion

98 I must note here what I said in the earlier action which culminated in the
Consent Order that came to nought: the needs of the community have not been
well served by the disputes between the parties. Mediation did not resolve
matters, and even the involvement of eminent persons did not help. I feared
that the present legal proceedings would not be the end of things, even when
the matter was disposed of on appeal. There was every danger that there would
be a downward spiral, with the depletion of resources that were meant to be
for the good of the community. Whether that downward trajectory could be
arrested was a matter for the persons involved, who claimed to be leaders of
that very same Hainanese community.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Hee Theng Fong, Selvaratnam Sharmini Sharon, Poon Pui Yee and Zhuang
Changzhong (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the plaintiff;

Adrian Tan, Ong Pei Ching, David Aw and Feng Chong We (TSMP Law Corporation)
(instructed), Tan Joo Seng, Valerie Ho and Chan Chan Leong (Tyto LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Feb 2022 (11:59 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

