Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 207

Suit No 535 of 2019

Between

(1)| Low Eng Chai  
---|---  
(2)| Low Eng Chuan  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Ishak bin Mohamed Basheere  
---|---  
(2)| Neil Hutton  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Damages]

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Fraudulent]

[Contract — Misrepresentation Act]

[Evidence — Adverse inferences]

[Tort — Conspiracy — Unlawful means conspiracy]

[Damages — Measure of damages — Loss of chance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Low Eng Chai and another

  
v

  

Ishak bin Mohamed Basheere and another

[2022] SGHC 207

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 535 of 2019  
S Mohan J  
21–24, 29 September 2021, 25 February, 11 March 2022

29 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

1 This is a case of investments turning sour. The plaintiffs are investors in
Asia Strategic Mining Corporation Pte Ltd (“ASMC”). They were guaranteed
monthly payments representing returns on their investment over a period of
five to eight years. In late 2018, less than two years after their initial
investment, these monthly payments ceased. The plaintiffs have lost a not
insignificant sum of money and cry foul. They accuse the defendants of, inter
alia, perpetrating a fraudulent investment scheme which induced them to invest
and when things took a turn for the worse, fraudulently inducing them to
refrain from taking or prosecuting legal proceedings while the alleged
perpetrators diverted or dissipated funds away from the plaintiffs’ reach.

2 The plaintiffs commenced proceedings against, inter alia, ASMC in a separate
suit (HC/S 189/2019) and have since obtained summary judgment against ASMC for
the full sum that is owed to them amounting to S$616,700. In the present
action, the plaintiffs seek to recover a similar sum from the second
defendant, who was ASMC’s Manager of Public Relations and Customer Services at
the material time. In essence, the plaintiffs’ case theory is that the second
defendant was responsible for making various misrepresentations to the
plaintiffs (as part of an unlawful means conspiracy with the first defendant),
which in turn caused the plaintiffs to forbear from commencing legal action
against ASMC and/or taking other legal or investigative steps, and which
ultimately facilitated the dissipation of money from ASMC to other parties.

3 While there are currently two defendants named in the action, the first
defendant, Mr Ishak Bin Mohamed Basheere, failed to file his and his
witnesses’ Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEICs”) within the timelines
stipulated by the Assistant Registrar at the pre-trial stage. Accordingly,
pursuant to the Assistant Registrar’s peremptory order made at a pre-trial
conference hearing on 26 August 2021, the first defendant’s Statement of
Defence has been struck out in its entirety with the plaintiffs entitled to
enter final judgment against the first defendant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”), 26 August 2021, p 2 lines 14–17.

Accordingly, the first defendant did not appear at the trial and took no part
in it. In this judgment, I therefore deal only with the plaintiffs’ claims
against the second defendant.

Facts

4 The first and second plaintiff are brothers. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Low Eng Chuan dated 6 August 2021
(“P2AEIC”), paras 3–4 (Plaintiffs’ Bundle of AEICs (“PBAEIC”) Vol 1, p 14).

The first defendant was at all material times, the sole director and
shareholder of ASMC, and also its Managing Director. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) dated 19 November 2021 (“SOC”) para 3;
Defence of the 2nd Defendant (Amendment No. 2) dated 3 December 2021
(“Defence”) para 3; AEIC of Neil Hutton, para 15.

The second defendant was employed by ASMC from around August 2018, until his
resignation from ASMC in December 2019. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Neil Hutton, para 6; Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions (“PCS”) para 5.

As noted above at [2], the second defendant worked in ASMC at the material
time as a Manager of Public Relations and Customer Services. To be precise,
when the second defendant first joined ASMC, his job title was not Manager of
Public Relations and Customer Services; instead, e-mails sent by him would
simply be signed off as “Customer Services ASMC Singapore”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 p 208.

According to the second defendant, the change in job title took place sometime
after 23 November 2018 and was merely for ASMC’s convenience in dealing with
customers. It did not entail any increase in the second defendant’s job scope
or responsibilities. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence para 4.

The first defendant was the second defendant’s immediate superior in ASMC. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Neil Hutton, para 15.

5 According to the second defendant, ASMC is a company involved in mining
activities and the trading of steam coal and nickel. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of Neil Hutton, para 7.

As ASMC had limited funds for its trading activities, ASMC invited investors
(known as “funders”) to co-invest in ASMC’s steam coal and nickel trading
activities. In return, the funders were promised a fixed return on their
investment over a fixed period of time. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Neil Hutton, para 6.

6 The first and second plaintiffs are two such funders. Between November 2016
and June 2017, the first plaintiff entered into five funding agreements with
ASMC for the purchase of steam coal and nickel, as follows: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC para 5.

(a) On or around 15 November 2016, the first plaintiff entered into funding
agreement number ASFE975SG with ASMC, for the purchase of steam coal from
Indonesia (the “First Steam Coal Contract”).

(b) On or around 13 December 2016, the first plaintiff entered into funding
agreement number ASFE1023SG with ASMC, for the purchase of steam coal from
Indonesia (the “Second Steam Coal Contract”).

(c) On or around 13 December 2016, the first plaintiff entered into funding
agreement number ASFE1024SG with ASMC, for the purchase of steam coal from
Indonesia (the “Third Steam Coal Contract”).

(d) On or around 15 January 2017, the first plaintiff entered into funding
agreement number ASFE1077SG with ASMC, for the purchase of steam coal from
Indonesia (the “Fourth Steam Coal Contract”).

(e) On or around 9 June 2017, the first plaintiff entered into funding
agreement number ASFF0074SG for the purchase of nickel from Indonesia (the
“Nickel Contract”).

I will refer to the funding agreements described above collectively as the
“Contracts”, and to each individually as a “Contract”.

7 Under each Contract, the first plaintiff agreed to pay a principal sum to
ASMC, which would be utilised by ASMC to purchase steam coal or nickel. In
return, ASMC was obliged to pay the first plaintiff a stipulated sum on a
monthly basis, and in accordance with a payment schedule annexed to each of
the Contracts. The funding periods for the Contracts ranged from five to eight
years. Each of the Contracts contained a clause that permitted the first
plaintiff, in the event that ASMC breached the terms and conditions of the
respective Contracts (each, a “Refund Clause”), to obtain a full refund of the
principal sum paid to ASMC and a sum equivalent to all of the monthly payments
that the first plaintiff would have received during the funding period. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

P2AEIC paras 24–28, 32–36, 40–44, 48–52, 56–60. (PBAEIC Vol 1 pp 22–32).

Further, under the provisions of the respective Contracts, the first plaintiff
was entitled to request an early redemption of the principal sum upon payment
of a fee, following which the first plaintiff would receive a portion of the
principal sum paid to ASMC, plus the monthly payments accrued at the time of
redemption. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See eg, PBAEIC pp 171–172.

8 The plaintiffs claim that they had agreed among themselves that the
Contracts would be concluded by the first plaintiff on behalf of both
plaintiffs, and that the second plaintiff would be a co-investor. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

P2AEIC para 17 (PBAEIC Vol 1 p 20).

To that end, each of the Contracts stated that the monthly payments would be
credited to the second plaintiff’s designated bank account. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

P2AEIC para 18 (PBAEIC Vol 1 p 20); PBAEIC Vol 1 pp 134, 150, 166, 182 and
199.

It is not disputed that the first plaintiff was not involved in managing the
plaintiffs’ investment with ASMC, and that it was the second plaintiff who
served as the primary liaison between the plaintiffs and ASMC. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) para 18.

9 ASMC initially made monthly payments to the second plaintiff pursuant to the
Contracts, but these payments ceased from September 2018. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PCS para 10; DCS para 22.

From October 2018 to around September 2019, the second plaintiff received
various e-mails sent by the second defendant, which provided, inter alia,
updates on when ASMC was expected to make the outstanding payments. The
majority of these e-mails were mass e-mails sent out to all of ASMC’s funders,
on which the second plaintiff was copied. These e-mails form the mainstay of
the plaintiffs’ claim against the second defendant. During this period, the
second plaintiff also attended meetings with the first and/or second
defendant, to discuss, among other things, an early redemption of the
Contracts and alleged difficulties faced by ASMC in making payments to
funders. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

P2AEIC paras 67 and 105–106 (PBAEIC Vol 1 pp 34 and 45–46).

10 Concurrently, on 10 January 2019, the first plaintiff’s former solicitors
sent a letter of demand to ASMC demanding payment of S$616,700, being the full
sum that ASMC was allegedly obliged to pay pursuant to the Refund Clauses in
the respective Contracts. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 pp 221–226.

As the demand was not met, on 15 February 2019, the first plaintiff in the
present suit (ie, Mr Low Eng Chai) commenced HC/S 189/2019 against ASMC
claiming this sum of S$616,700. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

P2AEIC para 123 (PBAEIC Vol 1 p 51); 2nd Defendant’s Bundle of Documents
Relating to HC/S 189/2019 p 2.

On 31 July 2019, the first plaintiff applied for summary judgment of his claim
in HC/S 189/2019, pursuant to O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 p 294.

Summary judgment was granted in favour of Mr Low Eng Chai on 6 December 2019.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 p 294.

To date, this judgment has not been enforced by the first plaintiff. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DCS para 107.

It is not disputed that since the cessation of monthly payments in September
2018, the plaintiffs have not received or recovered any further sums from
ASMC.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

11 The plaintiffs’ case against the second defendant centres on their claims
for (a) misrepresentation; and (b) unlawful means conspiracy. In respect of
the plaintiffs’ claim for misrepresentation, Mr Clarence Lun, counsel for the
plaintiffs, argues that the second defendant made various false
representations in his e-mails to the second plaintiff from October 2018 to
July 2019, as well as at a meeting between the second plaintiff and second
defendant at Concorde Hotel, Singapore on 28 October 2018 (the “Concorde Hotel
meeting”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS para 27.

The plaintiffs allege that the misrepresentations made by the second defendant
are as follows: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC para 76.

(a) Banking issues had resulted in payment delays.

(b) All outstanding payments would be made from 9 November 2018.

(c) ASMC is in good overall financial health.

(d) ASMC is in possession of the requisite funds and is ready and willing to
make all payments.

I refer to the above representations collectively as the “Representations”.

12 The Representations were made over 16 occasions (comprising the Concorde
Hotel meeting and e-mails, as mentioned at [11] above), which are set out in
full at Annex A of this judgment. The plaintiffs contend that as a result of
the Representations, they forbore from commencing legal proceedings against
ASMC, entering summary judgment against ASMC expeditiously, commencing
investigations and/or taking necessary legal action to prevent the dissipation
of funds by ASMC. According to the plaintiffs, their forbearance began in
October 2018 and continued at least until 31 July 2019 (which was the date on
which the first plaintiff applied for summary judgment in HC/S 189/2019, as
noted at [10] above). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC paras 79 and 79(n); PCS paras 27 and 37.

The plaintiffs submit that a claim for fraudulent and/or negligent
misrepresentation is made out on the present facts, as the Representations
were made by the second defendant with the knowledge that they were wilfully
false and/or in breach of a duty of care he owed to the plaintiffs. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS para 7.

13 Consequently, the plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that they are entitled to
damages in the sum of S$616,700, being the full sum owed by ASMC to the first
plaintiff under the respective Contracts. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC para 101.

That being said and as I elaborate further at [66] below, this was
subsequently recast by Mr Lun as a claim for damages for the loss of a chance
to commence legal proceedings expeditiously against ASMC. In the alternative,
the plaintiffs claim that they are entitled to damages to be assessed, or
damages under s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“Misrepresentation Act”), although I note that the claim under the
Misrepresentation Act was not pursued in the plaintiffs’ closing submissions.

14 For the avoidance of doubt, I note that the Statement of Claim also alleges
that the second defendant made false statements in e-mails sent to the second
plaintiff on 1 August 2019, regarding an alleged transfer of ASMC’s funds from
a bank in Malta to Singapore (the “1 August 2019 e-mails”), and which the
plaintiffs appear to contend they also relied on. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC para 79(q) and (r).

However, the plaintiffs did not specifically plead that the 1 August 2019
e-mails induced them to continue to forbear from commencing and/or prosecuting
legal proceedings against ASMC beyond 31 July 2019; no particulars were
pleaded of any act(s) of forbearance on the part of the plaintiffs from 1
August 2019 onwards. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC para 79(r).

Nor did the plaintiffs refer to the 1 August 2019 e-mails in their closing
submissions in seeking to establish their claims in misrepresentation. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PCS paras 27 and 37.

I therefore proceed on the basis that, notwithstanding the haziness of the
plaintiffs’ pleading in this regard, it is not the plaintiffs’ case that any
of the Representations were made or continued to be made in the 1 August 2019
e-mails, or that the plaintiffs also forbore beyond 31 July 2019 as a
consequence of the 1 August 2019 e-mails. Having said that, the 1 August 2019
e-mails are not without any relevance at all. They appear to still be relevant
to the plaintiffs’ claim for unlawful means conspiracy.

15 The thrust of the plaintiffs’ case in unlawful means conspiracy is that the
second defendant, together with the first defendant, knowingly perpetrated a
fraudulent investment scheme on the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs allege that the
first defendant dissipated ASMC’s funds, while the second defendant made
various misrepresentations to the plaintiffs (a) on the occasions set out in
Annex A; (b) in the 1 August 2019 e-mails; and (c) in an e-mail sent on 2
September 2019 that stated that ASMC was in the midst of transferring funds
from Indonesia to Singapore (the “2 September 2019 e-mail”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC paras 89(a) to 89(e).

For ease of reference, the 1 August 2019 e-mails and the 2 September 2019
e-mail are set out in Annex B to this judgment. The purpose of these
misrepresentations was, according to the plaintiffs, to allay any suspicions
on the part of funders like the plaintiffs. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC paras 87–88; PCS para 76.

The plaintiffs claim that ASMC was a fraudulent business, and that there were
no purchases of commodities or investments underlying the Contracts to begin
with. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions (“PRS”) para 29.

The essence of the plaintiffs’ pleaded claims is encapsulated in paras 7A and
7B of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) (“Statement of Claim”), which
bear reproducing below:

7A. It was never intended that ASMC would perform its payment obligations
towards the Plaintiffs in full. The Five Contracts formed part of the
fraudulent investment scheme procured by the First Defendant by way of various
false representations made to the Plaintiffs, the details of which are set out
in Section IV of this Statement of Claim. ASMC is and was at all material
times a mere corporate vehicle through which the fraudulent investment scheme
was perpetrated by the First Defendant, and subsequently, the Second Defendant
as a co-conspirator after he joined ASMC in August 2018.

7B. Pursuant to the fraudulent investment scheme, the Defendants’ modus
operandi was as follows. Pursuant to the First Defendant’s misrepresentations,
the funder would first provide his investment capital known as the ‘funding
sum’ to ASMC at the commencement date. Monthly repayments by ASMC would then
be made to the funder from the time of commencement up to sometime in late
2018. Thereafter, payments would cease entirely, and the Plaintiffs would
never receive full repayment of their principal investment sum and promised
returns. When pressed for clarification, the Second Defendant would respond in
a highly evasive and/or dishonest manner, citing multiple vague and dilatory
excuses pertaining to banking issues and unforeseen circumstances, whilst at
the same time supplying additional false and/or misleading information to the
funders to dissuade them from commencing legal proceedings and/or taking out
such other proceedings to prevent the dissipation of funds and investigations
into the relevant parties to take out such proceedings as necessary. This is
to buy time so that the monies could be dissipated out of ASMC, paid to other
investors and/or transferred to ISK Capital Pte Ltd’s bank account in Malta.

16 For completeness, among the reliefs sought by the plaintiffs in the
Statement of Claim is what can only be described as a curious claim for a
“Performance bond by BNP Paribas to be issued by ASMC in favour of the
Plaintiff” (the “BNP Paribas Performance Bond”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC para 100.

This claim was also not pursued in the plaintiffs’ closing submissions, nor
was any attempt made to explain the plaintiffs’ entitlement to this relief.

The second defendant’s case

17 In respect of the plaintiffs’ claim for misrepresentation, counsel for the
second defendant, Mr Devadas Naidu, does not dispute that the second defendant
made the statements set out in Annex A and on the dates listed therein. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defence, paras 17A–17C.

Neither is it seriously disputed that the statements set out in Annex A
contain the Representations alleged by the plaintiffs. However, Mr Naidu
argues that (a) the plaintiffs have not proven the falsity of the
Representations; and/or (b) the Representations are statements of future
intent and are therefore not actionable. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DCS paras 69–70.

18 Further, Mr Naidu argues that at all material times, the second defendant
was a junior employee in ASMC and had only been a “conduit” through which his
superiors in ASMC conveyed information to funders. The second defendant had no
reason to doubt the truth of the statements he communicated to the second
plaintiff. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DCS para 17.

Mr Naidu also contends that the plaintiffs did not rely on the Representations
and that they have not adduced evidence of any loss suffered as a result of
the Representations. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DCS paras 76 and 83.

Accordingly, the plaintiffs have not established their claim for
misrepresentation.

19 As for the plaintiffs’ claim for unlawful means conspiracy, Mr Naidu argues
that the plaintiffs have not adduced evidence to prove the existence of a
conspiracy between the first and second defendants, or that any loss was
suffered as a result of the alleged conspiracy. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCS paras 99 and 103.

Similar to his arguments in respect of the plaintiffs’ claim for
misrepresentation, Mr Naidu also maintains that all statements communicated by
the second defendant to the second plaintiff were made in good faith and on
instructions from the second defendant’s superiors. The second defendant did
not have any intent to injure or cause damage to the plaintiffs. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCS para 102.

The plaintiffs’ claim for unlawful means conspiracy is therefore also not made
out.

Issues to be determined

20 Based on the background facts set out above and the pleadings, the
following issues arise for my determination:

(a) Have the plaintiffs established their claim for misrepresentation (“Issue
1”)?

(b) Have the plaintiffs established their claim for unlawful means conspiracy
(“Issue 2”)?

(c) Are the plaintiffs entitled to the BNP Paribas Performance Bond (“Issue
3”)?

Issue 1: Have the plaintiffs established their claim for misrepresentation?

21 The legal principles governing a claim for misrepresentation are not in
dispute. As set out in Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and
another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [14], the five cumulative elements required for
a claim in fraudulent misrepresentation to succeed are as follows:

(a) a false representation of fact by words or conduct;

(b) the representation must be made with the intention that it should be acted
upon by the plaintiff, or a class of persons which includes the plaintiff;

(c) the plaintiff acted upon the false statement;

(d) the plaintiff suffered damage by so doing; and

(e) the representation must be made with the knowledge that it is false; it
must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief
that it is true.

22 Following Yong Khong Yoong Mark and others v Ting Choon Meng and another
[2021] SGHC 246 at [91] (see also IM Skaugen SE and another v MAN Diesel &
Turbo SE and another [2018] SGHC 123 at [121]), the elements required for a
successful claim in negligent misrepresentation are as follows:

(a) the representor made a false representation of fact to the representee;

(b) the representation induced the representee’s actual reliance;

(c) the representor owed the representee a duty to take reasonable care in
making the representation;

(d) the representor breached that duty of care; and

(e) the breach caused damage to the representee.

23 For completeness, the pleaded reliefs in the Statement of Claim also
include a claim for damages under the Misrepresentation Act (as noted at [13]
above). Section 2 of the Misrepresentation Act provides:

Damages for misrepresentation

2.—(1) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation
has been made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has
suffered loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be
liable to damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made
fraudulently, that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the
misrepresentation was not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had
reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true.

(2) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has
been made to him otherwise than fraudulently, and he would be entitled, by
reason of the misrepresentation, to rescind the contract, then, if it is
claimed, in any proceedings arising out of the contract, that the contract
ought to be or has been rescinded, the court or arbitrator may declare the
contract subsisting and award damages in lieu of rescission, if of opinion
that it would be equitable to do so, having regard to the nature of the
misrepresentation and the loss that would be caused by it if the contract were
upheld, as well as to the loss that rescission would cause to the other party.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

24 As is clear from the wording of s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act, the
provisions therein only apply to cases where a person enters into a contract
after a misrepresentation has been made to him. In the present case, it is not
in dispute that the Representations were made from October 2018 to July 2019,
well after the Contracts were entered into by the first plaintiff. Moreover,
the plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that the Representations induced the
plaintiffs to forbear from commencing or prosecuting legal action
expeditiously, and not that the plaintiffs were thereby induced to enter into
any Contract. Accordingly, it is clear that s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act
has no application in the present case.

25 I therefore focus my analysis on the plaintiffs’ claims for fraudulent and
negligent representation at common law. As can be seen from [21]–[22] above,
there are several elements common to a claim in fraudulent misrepresentation
and a claim in negligent misrepresentation, namely: (a) there must be a false
representation of fact; (b) the plaintiff relied on the representation; and
(c) the plaintiff suffered damage as a result of such reliance. I will address
these common elements first before turning to the elements that differentiate
both claims.

26 However, before doing so, I first address the preliminary issue of whether
the Representations are actionable to begin with.

Are the Representations actionable?

27 As noted above at [17], the second defendant contends that some of the
Representations are statements of future intent and therefore not actionable.
For ease of reference, the Representations are as follows:

(a) Banking issues had resulted in payment delays (the “First
Representation”).

(b) All outstanding payments would be made from 9 November 2018 (the “Second
Representation”).

(c) ASMC is in good overall financial health (the “Third Representation”).

(d) ASMC is in possession of the requisite funds and is ready and willing to
make all payments (the “Fourth Representation”).

28 As the plaintiffs themselves acknowledge, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS para 24.

it is clear that some of the Representations are statements of future intent.
The plaintiffs’ case in relation to the Second Representation is that it was
made in an e-mail sent by the second defendant on 31 October 2018. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PCS para 27.

The Second Representation is therefore a statement of future intent, since it
represents that payment will be made in future (ie, from 9 November 2018).
Likewise, to the extent that the Fourth Representation is contained in e-mails
that state that ASMC expected to make payment in accordance with some future
timeline (see S/Nos 4–7 and 9–16 of Annex A), the Fourth Representation is
also a statement of future intent.

29 Nonetheless, as the plaintiffs observe, a statement of future intention is
still actionable if it can be re-characterised as a statement implying (a)
that the maker of the statement in fact honestly believed that the event would
happen in the future; or (b) that the maker of the statement in fact had
reasonable grounds for making such an assertion: Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse
Wen [2013] 1 SLR 1310 at [96], followed in KLW Holdings Ltd v Straitsworld
Advisory Ltd and another [2017] 5 SLR 184 at [31].

30 In the present case, I note that the second defendant admits that at least
some of the e-mails he sent to the second plaintiff (ie, the e-mails sent by
the second defendant from October 2018 until 12 February 2019) carried the
implied representation that (a) he honestly believed that the future events
discussed in the e-mails would happen as represented; and (b) he had
reasonable grounds for making such assertions in his e-mails. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence para 20 read with SOC para 54 and 78A.

In any case, I am prepared to find that both the Second and Fourth
Representations can be re-characterised as statements containing such implied
representations, given that it is the second defendant’s own case that the
Representations were made in his capacity as Manager of Public Relations and
Customer Services of ASMC. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCS para 17.

The Representations can therefore be taken to imply the second defendant’s
genuine belief in a certain state of ASMC’s affairs at the material time. I
therefore find that the Second and Fourth Representations are actionable.

31 I now turn to consider the first element of the plaintiffs’ claim for
fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation, which is whether the
Representations are false.

Are the Representations false?

32 In my judgment, the plaintiffs have not adduced sufficient evidence to
discharge their burden of proof that the Representations were false at the
time they were made. I address each of the Representations in turn.

The First Representation

33 The plaintiffs argue that there were no banking delays as represented by
the second defendant. This is because based on the bank statements for ASMC’s
DBS bank account number 033-9053-899 (the “DBS Account”) for the months of
March 2019 to September 2019, there was “a clear movement of monies in and
out” of the DBS Account. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS para 40.

Moreover, the plaintiffs highlight that a “substantial” amount of money was
transferred by ASMC’s associated companies to the DBS Account during the
months of March 2019 to May 2019. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCS para 41.

The plaintiffs argue that the fact that none of these funds were used to
settle outstanding payments owed to the plaintiffs shows that the purported
banking issues were fictitious. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS para 44.

34 I disagree with the plaintiffs that such a conclusion can be reached, based
solely on the movement of funds in and out of the DBS Account. To begin with,
it was not raised with the second defendant in cross-examination, that the
movement of funds in the DBS Account necessarily showed that the banking
issues were non-existent. Neither is it the plaintiffs’ case that the banking
issues, which the second defendant represented had caused payment delays,
pertained solely to the DBS Account. Based on the e-mails from the second
defendant which the plaintiffs rely on for their misrepresentation claim (as
set out at Annex A), none of these e-mails expressly states that the purported
banking issues related specifically and only to the DBS Account.

35 On the contrary, I note that the second defendant’s e-mail of 15 May 2019
stated that “I can state with confidence that the funds will clear within our
Singapore UOB account soon” [emphasis added]. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

S/N 14 of Annex A.

Likewise, the second defendant’s e-mail of 10 June 2019 stated that “ASMC
funds are to be transferred from London to Malta”, following which “funds will
be cleared in batches in Ishak’s Singapore bank account” [emphasis added]. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

S/N 15 of Annex A.

In the circumstances, I cannot see how it is relevant that there was a “a
clear movement of monies in and out” of the DBS Account for the months of
March 2019 to September 2019, or how the DBS Account statements for this
period necessarily show that the First Representation was false at the time it
was made.

36 While the plaintiffs complain that the second defendant has not adduced
documentary evidence to prove the alleged banking issues, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

P2AEIC para 150 (PBAEIC Vol 1 p 67).

the legal burden of proving the falsity of the Representations ultimately
falls on the plaintiffs. Given that the only evidence the plaintiffs rely upon
is the DBS Account statements, I find that the plaintiffs have not discharged
their burden of proving that the First Representation was false at the time it
was made.

The Second Representation

37 As I concluded at [30] above, in order for the Second Representation to be
actionable, it must be re-characterised as an implied representation that the
second defendant honestly believed a future event would occur or had
reasonable grounds for making such an assertion. Accordingly, the relevant
question is: when the second defendant made the Second Representation in his
e-mail of 31 October 2018, did he honestly believe that all outstanding
payments would be made from 9 November 2018, and/or have reasonable grounds
for saying so?

38 In this regard, the only argument put forth by the plaintiffs is that the
Second Representation must be “unequivocally false”, because no payments were
ultimately made by ASMC to the plaintiffs. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS para 38.

In my view, this argument does not advance the plaintiffs’ case. The fact that
no payments were ultimately made to the plaintiffs says nothing about what the
second defendant’s honest beliefs were at the time the Second Representation
was made – as would be evident from the question posed at [37] above, that is
the relevant query. Quite clearly, the second defendant could still have had
an honest belief in the truth of the Second Representation at the time it was
made, even if the future events promised by the Second Representation failed
to materialise. These two states of affairs are not mutually exclusive.

39 Moreover, I accept the second defendant’s evidence that he genuinely
believed the truth of the Second Representation, at the time it was made to
the plaintiffs. In cross-examination, the second defendant’s evidence was that
in respect of all the communications he had made to the plaintiffs, he had
made these communications on behalf of his superiors and/or as part of his
duties as ASMC’s Manager of Public Relations and Customer Services, or in the
second defendant’s words, as “the customer services guy”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 110 line 19.

For instance, in relation to the mass e-mails sent out to funders, the second
defendant testified that these e-mails would be drafted by the first
defendant, before being amended by ASMC’s CEO, Dr Willem Smuts (“Dr Smuts”)
and/or another senior manager in the company, Ms Surina Binte Awang. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs, 29 September 2021, p 2 lines 15–20.

The second defendant’s role was to then proofread the e-mails for grammatical
or spelling errors before sending out the e-mails. In addition, the second
defendant explained that he had believed the truth of the communications he
sent out on behalf of his superiors. This was because he had, for example,
been reassured by Dr Smuts at the material time that ASMC was “doing perfectly
well” and that the company just had “some temporary payment issues”. The
second defendant had no reason to doubt this reassurance, as he trusted Dr
Smuts and his qualifications as a geologist. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 90 lines 10–14.

He also did not doubt the assurances given by his immediate superior, the
first defendant, of ASMC’s financial health. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AEIC of Neil Hutton para 15; NEs, 24 September 2021, p 95 lines 10–15.

Additionally, after the second defendant joined ASMC, he had been told by the
finance team that funders had successfully obtained early redemptions of their
investments up until April 2018, and he also personally knew of at least one
funder who had successfully redeemed his investment. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 93 lines 23–28.

The second defendant therefore believed that ASMC would make payment to its
funders as promised.

40 In my judgment, I find the second defendant’s explanation to be credible. I
accept that he did have a reasonable basis for making the Representations,
including the Second Representation. I therefore find that the plaintiffs have
not proven the falsity of the Second Representation.

The Third and Fourth Representations

41 While the plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that the Third and Fourth
Representations were false at the material time, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

SOC paras 77, 80 and 85.

it appears to me that the plaintiffs have conceded in their closing
submissions that the Third Representation and at least part of the Fourth
Representation were true. For one, the plaintiffs made no submission in their
closing submissions on why the Third Representation was false at the time it
was made. Moreover, in relation to the alleged falsity of the Fourth
Representation, the plaintiffs submitted that “[w]hile ASMC was in good
financial health and in possession of the requisite funds, ASMC was never, at
all material times, ready nor willing to make all payments due to the
[plaintiffs]” [emphasis added]. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS para 45.

Likewise, the plaintiffs state as follows in their further submissions: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiffs’ Further Submissions dated 11 March 2022 (“PFS”) para 10.

… As evinced by ASMC’s DBS bank account statements between the months of
October 2018 to September 2019, it is clear that ASMC’s financials were in
good health and that substantial amounts of funds were available and
transacted at all material times. ...

[emphasis added in bold italics]

42 Based on the submission above, it is clear that the plaintiffs now in fact
accept that the Third Representation and part of the Fourth Representation
(ie, that ASMC possessed the requisite funds) were true at the material time.
The plaintiffs therefore have no basis to allege that these Representations
constituted misrepresentations.

43 As for the remainder of the Fourth Representation (ie, that ASMC was ready
and willing to make all payments), I have also concluded at [30] above that in
so far as the Fourth Representation pertains to statements that ASMC expected
to make payments in future, these statements have to be re-characterised as
implied representations that the second defendant honestly believed a future
event would occur or had reasonable grounds for making such assertions, in
order for that Representation to be actionable. The relevant query is
therefore whether at the time the second defendant sent out e-mails to the
second plaintiff stating that ASMC planned on making payment, he honestly
believed that these projected payments would occur or had reasonable grounds
for saying so.

44 In my judgment, the available evidence shows that the second defendant
honestly believed in the truth of the Fourth Representation at the material
time. As I have stated at [40] above, I accept the second defendant’s evidence
that he did not doubt the truth of the statements he made to the plaintiffs,
as he had received reassurances regarding ASMC’s financial health from Dr
Smuts as CEO and the first defendant as Managing Director. Further, as I
explain below, I am unconvinced by the arguments made by the plaintiffs as to
why the Fourth Representation must necessarily have been made by the second
defendant without any honest belief on his part or any reasonable grounds.

45 The first argument made by the plaintiffs is that if it is found that the
First Representation was false (ie, that the purported banking issues were
non-existent), then the only reasonable conclusion to be drawn is that there
was similarly never any intention on the part of ASMC and the second defendant
to make payment to the plaintiffs. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS para 49.

Consequently, the second defendant could not have had an honest belief that
payments would be made by ASMC. For the reasons detailed above at [33]–[36], I
have found that the plaintiffs have not adduced sufficient evidence that the
First Representation was false at the material time. I therefore reject this
argument.

46 Next, the plaintiffs take issue with two specific e-mails sent out by the
second defendant. I address each of these in turn:

(a) First, in relation to the e-mail sent out by the second defendant on 12
December 2018 (S/N 7 of Annex A), the plaintiffs argue that the second
defendant did not have an honest belief that ASMC would obtain a performance
bond from BNP Paribas, as the second defendant never had any dealings with BNP
Paribas. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS para 52.

This is, in my view, a non sequitur. I do not see how the absence of direct
communication between the second defendant and BNP Paribas necessarily means
that he acted without an honest belief that ASMC would procure a performance
bond. I accept that the second defendant honestly believed the contents of the
e-mail sent on 12 December 2018, given that it was drafted by the first
defendant (ie, the second defendant’s superior at the material time). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 118 line 32 to p 119 line 1.

(b) Second, in relation to the e-mail sent out by the second defendant on 12
February 2019 (S/N 10 of Annex A), the plaintiffs contend that the second
defendant did not honestly believe the representation therein that ASMC
planned on making payments to the funders from 20 February 2019 onward. The
plaintiffs argue that in cross-examination, the second defendant admitted that
when a draft settlement deed was circulated to the plaintiffs in January 2019,
he knew that “it wasn’t possible for those [settlement] payments to be made”.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS para 53.

Consequently, the second defendant could not have believed that the payments
promised in the e-mail sent on 12 February 2019 would be made. In my view,
this is a misunderstanding of the second defendant’s testimony. The relevant
parts of the cross-examination of the second defendant are reproduced below:
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 149 lines 17–23, p 150 lines 21–23, p 150 line 29 to
p 151 line 6.

Q Well, to any layman, Mr Hutton, ‘settlement’ means to say you settle the
contract and payments are made and people walk off.

A Okay, yeah, we didn’t---we were---ASMC were not able to make payments to
terminate the contracts. We tried to---we come up with the---we came up with
the settlement agreement called the ‘settlement deeds’, but my understanding
is that those payments were not---it wasn’t possible for those payments to be
made.

…

Q Now, Mr Hutton, let me just get this clear. Earlier on, we established that
ASMC had the funds and it’s in a healthy robust company position. You do not
seem to suggest that ASMC never was able to make payments to any of the
funders.

A No, I’m saying that now. But now we are on the, what, 23rd of September
2021, now I know that clients didn’t---we were not able to return the funds
that we wanted to to [sic] clients or that ASMC intended to pay back to
clients. …

...

A When we went through the settlement deeds here, I don’t know that any of
these were paid to clients. But we did our---and at the time, I believed we
would. But now I know because I’m sat in Court on 23rd of September 2021 that
we were not able honour that. But that doesn’t mean at the time that I thought
that we were not able to at the time. I was being told very firmly that this
process was necessary because we now wanted to return the money that we owed
to clients and---and---and I believed my boss and the finance team when they
told me that we were in a position to do that; and that’s why I went through
this process. I wouldn’t have done it if I thought it was a frivolous and not
waste of everybody’s time.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

It is clear from the second defendant’s answers in cross-examination that he
meant that on hindsight, it was not possible for the payments promised under
the settlement deeds to be made, and not that he was aware at the material
time that ASMC would not make the promised payments. I therefore reject the
plaintiffs’ argument in this regard.

47 Finally, the plaintiffs complain that the second defendant has not adduced
documentary evidence to corroborate his testimony that he was acting on the
instructions of his superiors at the material time. This was in fact a
constant theme of Mr Lun’s cross-examination of the second defendant. The
absence of such evidence, the plaintiffs contend, goes to show that the second
defendant lied about receiving instructions from his superiors and was
effectively making up stories to shore up his defence, when in fact he had no
reasonable grounds for representing that ASMC would make payment. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS paras 54 and 58.

48 I do not accept this argument. The second defendant testified that he was
unable to retrieve certain documents or e-mails for the purposes of this suit,
as he had unexpectedly lost access to his e-mail account with ASMC and the
documents stored at ASMC’s premises when the landlord evicted ASMC from its
offices. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 6 lines 26–30.

The second defendant had, in any event, left ASMC around December 2019. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 4 lines 1–5.

While the second defendant conceded during cross-examination that he had at
least three opportunities prior to that to collate the documents he would need
for his defence of the present suit (which was commenced in May 2019), 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 14 lines 4–8.

the second defendant explained that he did not do so as he did not expect to
lose all access to ASMC’s office premises and its records. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 6 lines 8–10.

Having seen and observed the second defendant during cross-examination, I find
this to be a reasonable explanation and therefore accept it.

49 In any case, as I have observed above at [36], the burden of proving the
falsity of the Representations falls on the plaintiffs. In the absence of any
other evidence supporting the plaintiffs’ case, I find that the plaintiffs
have not proven on a balance of probabilities that the Fourth Representation
is false. Following from this finding, the plaintiffs have not, in my
judgment, established the first element of their claims for fraudulent or
negligent misrepresentation. Accordingly, I would dismiss the plaintiffs’
claims on this basis alone.

The plaintiffs did not rely on the Representations

50 Nonetheless, I turn to consider the next element of the claims for
fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation, which is that the plaintiffs relied
on the Representations. In my judgment, the plaintiffs have also not succeeded
in proving that they did so.

51 As noted above at [12], the plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that as a result of
the Representations, they forbore from commencing or prosecuting legal
proceedings against ASMC, entering summary judgment against ASMC
expeditiously, commencing investigations and/or taking necessary legal action
to prevent the dissipation of funds by ASMC. In this light, I find it striking
that nowhere in the plaintiffs’ pleadings, AEICs or closing submissions, is it
stated what precise legal action or investigations the plaintiffs forbore from
commencing. In his oral submissions before me, Mr Lun submitted that but for
the Representations, the plaintiffs would have “considered filing an
injunction to freeze [ASMC’s] monies [to prevent them] from being dissipated”.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NEs, 25 February 2022, p 29 lines 1–3.

Yet crucially, this was not the evidence of the first or second plaintiff,
either on affidavit or in cross-examination. In fact, Mr Lun’s oral
submissions were the first (and only) instance in which it was suggested that
the plaintiffs had specifically refrained from applying for a Mareva
injunction against ASMC, as a result of the Representations made by the second
defendant.

52 In addition, the plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that the Representations
caused the plaintiffs to forbear from commencing legal proceedings from
October 2018 to 31 July 2019. Yet, there is no evidence before me to suggest
that the plaintiffs were indeed prepared to commence legal action against ASMC
from as early as October 2018. Again, the first and second plaintiff did not
give evidence to this effect in their AEICs or in cross-examination. Indeed,
in his oral submissions, Mr Lun candidly conceded that it was not evidence put
forth by either party that the plaintiffs were ready to sue ASMC in October
2018. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs, 25 February 2022, p 32 lines 1–3.

53 In my judgment, the available evidence demonstrates that the plaintiffs did
not rely on the Representations. First, I note that the plaintiffs’ own
evidence suggests that the Representations did not operate on their minds in
late 2018. For one, the second plaintiff deposed in his AEIC that it “became
clear” to him in late 2018 that ASMC and/or the defendants were unlikely to
make full repayment of the principal sum the plaintiffs had invested, as well
as payment of the promised returns under the five Contracts. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

P2AEIC para 84 (PBAEIC Vol 1 p 40).

In the circumstances, it does not stand to reason that the second plaintiff
would believe or rely on the Second and Fourth Representations that payment
would be made as promised, and that ASMC was ready and willing to make
payment. In a similar vein, I note that while the second plaintiff claims that
the Third and Fourth Representations were made to him by the second defendant
at the Concorde Hotel meeting (S/N 1 of Annex A), the second plaintiff’s
evidence is also that he rejected all proposals made to him at the Concorde
Hotel meeting as he “just wanted [his] monies back”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

P2AEIC para 67 (PBAEIC Vol 1 p 35).

In my view, this suggests that the second plaintiff had in fact placed no
reliance on the representations made to him at the Concorde Hotel meeting.

54 Next, I agree with the second defendant that the fact that the plaintiffs
commenced various legal proceedings against ASMC in 2019 goes to show that
they were not induced by the Representations during this period. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS para 76.

As noted above at [10], the first plaintiff sent a letter of demand through
his former solicitors to ASMC on 10 January 2019, and subsequently commenced
HC/S 189/2019 against ASMC on 15 February 2019. In cross-examination, the
second plaintiff was not able to credibly explain how he (or the plaintiffs
collectively) could have been induced by the Representations into forbearing
from commencing legal action, despite the commencement of HC/S 189/2019 by the
first plaintiff. In this regard, the second plaintiff’s evidence was that he
was still “affect[ed]” by the Representations, as the commencement of HC/S
189/2019 did not mean that the defendants would “settle with [him] on what
[he] claim[ed] against them”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NEs, 21 September 2021, p 59 lines 18–23.

That is clearly not the same as forbearing from commencing or prosecuting
legal proceedings or taking investigative action. In the circumstances, I find
the commencement of HC/S 189/2019 to be cogent evidence that the plaintiffs
were not induced by the Representations to refrain from commencing or
prosecuting legal proceedings or taking investigative action in February 2019.

55 In so far as there was then a lapse in time between the commencement of
HC/S 189/2019 in February 2019 and the application for summary judgment on 31
July 2019, I do not find that this necessarily shows that the plaintiffs had
been induced by the Representations into sitting on their hands in any way. I
find some force in the second defendant’s argument that the intervening period
was caused by various interlocutory applications filed by the parties, such
that the defendants in HC/S 189/2019 only filed their Statement of Defence on
11 July 2019. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCS para 84.

In any event, I also note that the present suit was commenced on 30 May 2019.
As a matter of logic and common sense, given that the plaintiffs allege in the
present suit that the defendants had, inter alia, unlawfully conspired to
perpetrate a fraudulent investment scheme upon the plaintiffs (see above at
[15]), I find it unbelievable and somewhat incredible that the plaintiffs
would continue to place any reliance on the Representations that emanated from
the second defendant after commencing the present suit (namely, S/Nos 15 and
16 of Annex A), and consequently continue to forbear from taking any form of
legal or investigative action.

56 Ultimately, the bulk of the plaintiffs’ arguments pertain to allegations
that the second defendant had held himself out as a “key personnel and
important member of ASMC[’s] management team”, such that the plaintiffs were
induced into placing reliance on the Representations. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS para 13.

In support of this argument, the plaintiffs highlight that the second
defendant (a) utilised first-person pronouns in his e-mails and signed off
using his name; (b) sent out e-mails using the  e-mail address (the “ASMC
management e-mail address”); (c) communicated with ASMC’s legal and finance
team; and (d) had a personal assistant during his time at ASMC. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS para 13.

The plaintiffs also point out that the second defendant stated in cross-
examination that his role in ASMC was to “assure clients”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS para 35.

57 These allegations are ultimately ancillary and of little assistance to the
plaintiffs’ case, given that the plaintiffs have failed to prove that they did
rely on the Representations and forbore from, inter alia, commencing or
prosecuting legal action as a result (as I have explained at [50]–[55] above).
In any case, I do not think that the various indicia raised by the plaintiffs,
whether taken singly or together, necessarily show that the second defendant
was an important member of ASMC’s management team or that he held himself out
as such. In my view, the plaintiffs’ case on the second defendant’s role is
somewhat exaggerated and countered by the evidence of the second defendant,
which I set out below.

58 In cross-examination, the second defendant explained that he utilised
first-person pronouns in his e-mails as he felt that it would be “negligence
of [his] duties” not to take ownership of the communications sent out to
funders, given his role as Manager of Public Relations and Customer Services
at ASMC. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 16 lines 28–30.

Accordingly, the second defendant avoided wording his e-mails in a way that
suggested he “[did not] work at ASMC”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 22 line 24.

For instance:

(a) The second defendant explained that he had phrased his e-mail of 8 January
2019 as “I have some information from the BNP Bank” 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 p 229.

[emphasis added] as he felt he had to take ownership of the communications
sent to funders, in his capacity as the “customer services guy”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NEs 24 September 2021, p 16 line 28 to p 17 line 2.

(b) The second defendant chose to use the phrase “I invite you to meet me to
go through the outstanding payments …” in his e-mail of 14 January 2019, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 p 236.

rather than state that Dr Smuts or the first defendant wanted to organise a
meeting, as he felt that he ought to present ASMC as a “united front” to its
funders. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NEs 24 September 2021, p 22 lines 12–17.

(c) The second defendant stated in his e-mail of 12 February 2019 that “I have
met many clients and settled many contracts”, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 p 238.

as he felt that he had to “involve [himself] in the communications with
customers”, in his capacity as the “customer services guy”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 139 lines 11–15.

59 In so far as the second defendant signed off an e-mail he sent out on 11
April 2019 in the first person (namely, that “I look forward to returning
after Easter to a less challenging time … [a]nd to a happy group of clients
who have received the due payments” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 p 244.

), the second defendant explained that he was due to return to England to
spend time with his children during the Easter holidays and merely thought
that “it was a nice way to sign off a letter”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 161 lines 9–12, p 162 lines 1–7; NEs, 24 September
2021, p 30 lines 20–24.

At the time, the second defendant genuinely expected and hoped that the
funders would be paid after the Easter holidays as he was dealing with several
“unhappy customers” who wanted to “shout and scream” at him. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 163 lines 21–23.

All in all, the second defendant candidly testified that when he communicated
to ASMC’s customers using first-person pronouns, he did so in his capacity as
the customer services representative of ASMC. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 22 lines 15–17.

60 As for the fact that certain e-mails were sent to the second plaintiff by
the second defendant using the ASMC management e-mail address, the second
defendant highlights that these e-mails were mass e-mails to funders. The
second defendant explained that the first defendant had instructed him to use
the ASMC management e-mail address to send out mass e-mails, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 72 lines 12–17.

as he was initially unable to send out mass e-mails using his personal e-mail
account. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs, 29 September 2021, p 3 lines 10–11.

While he subsequently found a way to send out mass e-mails from his personal
account, this was a “painstaking long process” as he had to manually copy and
paste the funders’ e-mail addresses. This was therefore only done when ASMC’s
IT staff was out of Singapore. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NEs, 29 September 2021, p 3 lines 10–18.

In so far as the second defendant’s designation in ASMC was a “manager”, the
second defendant also clarified that this was not an indicator that he was
part of ASMC’s management team. Instead, the word “manager” had simply been
inserted into the second defendant’s job designation to overcome the problem
of funders demanding to speak with a “manager”, rather than with the second
defendant. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NEs, 29 September 2021, p 3 line 25 to p 4 line 5.

The second defendant’s evidence was that his monthly salary for most of the
time he was with ASMC was S$2,400. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 146 line 6.

61 In relation to the fact that the second defendant had a personal assistant
during his time at ASMC, the second defendant explained that his personal
assistant was the only other person on ASMC’s customer services team, who
helped to manage the flow of calls from funders. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 146 lines 3–4 and 18.

Accordingly, the fact that he had a personal assistant did not necessarily go
to show that he was an important figure within ASMC.

62 In my judgment, and again, having observed the second defendant during the
course of his rigorous cross-examination by Mr Lun, I accept the explanations
given by the second defendant at [58]–[61] above on a balance of
probabilities. I do not find it out of the ordinary that in communicating with
ASMC’s customers in writing, a customer services manager would seek to “assure
clients” in the first person as part of his role. Even if the second defendant
conceded in cross-examination that on hindsight, some of his e-mails to ASMC’s
funders could have been worded more clearly 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NEs, 23 September 2021, p 160 lines 1–3.

or that he could have used a different choice of words, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 31 lines 9–11.

I do not agree that this shows that the second defendant had therefore
necessarily sought to hold himself out as a senior member of ASMC’s management
at the material time. In my view, it is clear from the second defendant’s
explanations that he had addressed ASMC’s funders in the first person simply
out of a desire to provide what, to his mind, would constitute “good” customer
service, and not because he was (or held himself out to be) a part of ASMC’s
management.

63 Nor do I find it out of the ordinary that a customer services manager would
need to have regular contact or be in communication with the legal or finance
team within the company. In my judgment, I also find that the second
defendant’s explanations as to why he had used the ASMC management e-mail
address, or why he had a personal assistant, are not fanciful or outside the
realm of reality. In the circumstances, I disagree with the plaintiffs that
the second defendant was a key member of ASMC’s management or held himself out
as such, because of the indicia raised at [56] above.

64 Finally, the plaintiffs claim that it was not put to them in cross-
examination that they had not placed any reliance on the Representations. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PRS para 46.

This is not true. As I noted at [54] above, the second plaintiff was cross-
examined on how he could have relied on the Representations, when legal
proceedings were commenced against ASMC in February 2019. Further, I reject
the argument made by Mr Lun in the course of oral closing submissions that the
second defendant is precluded from arguing that the plaintiffs placed no
reliance on the Representations, because this was not expressly pleaded in the
Statement of Defence (“Defence”). 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NEs, 25 February 2022, p 71 lines 4–9.

The Defence does plead that the plaintiffs are “put to strict proof” that they
relied on the Representations, and thus, the parties did join issue on the
question of the plaintiffs’ reliance. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defence para 21.

In any event, it is the plaintiffs’ burden to prove reliance on the
Representations, which for the reasons set out at [50]–[55] above, I have
found that the plaintiffs have failed to do. The second defendant was fully
entitled to test the plaintiffs’ case and evidence on reliance without having
to assert a positive case of his own.

65 Accordingly, in addition to my conclusion that the plaintiffs have not
proven that the Representations are false (see [32] above), I also dismiss the
plaintiffs’ claims for fraudulent and negligent misrepresentation on the basis
that they have not established, on a balance of probabilities, that they
relied on the Representations.

The plaintiffs have not proven any loss suffered as a result of the
Representations

66 In the event that I am wrong in my findings on the falsity and reliance
elements of the misrepresentation claim, I go on to consider the third
element, which is that the plaintiffs must have suffered damage as a result of
the Representations. As noted above at [13], in their pleaded case and written
closing submissions, the plaintiffs had initially characterised their loss as
the sum of S$616,700 owed to the first plaintiff under the Contracts. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

SOC para 101; PCS para 85.

However, during oral closing arguments, Mr Lun reframed the plaintiffs’ claim
as one for the loss of an opportunity to commence legal action expeditiously.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NEs, 25 February 2022, p 82 lines 19–22.

At the conclusion of oral arguments, Mr Lun sought leave to file further
submissions on the appropriate measure of damages for the loss of an
opportunity caused by forbearance on the part of the plaintiffs, as a result
of reliance on the Representations. I permitted the parties to address me on
this point by way of further written submissions. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NEs, 25 February 2022, p 93 lines 7–13.

67 As a preliminary point, I note that the second defendant contends in his
further submissions that the plaintiffs’ pleaded claim was not for damages for
the loss of a chance, and that the plaintiffs are therefore barred from
raising this as the measure of their loss. I address this argument first.

68 The general rule is that parties are bound by their pleadings and that the
court is precluded from deciding on a matter that the parties themselves have
decided not to put into issue: iVenture Card Ltd and others v Big Bus
Singapore City Sightseeing Pte Ltd and others [2022] 1 SLR 302 (“iVenture
Card”) at [36]. This is illustrated by the case of Columbia Asia Healthcare
Sdn Bhd and another v Hong Hin Kit Edward and another and other suits [2014] 3
SLR 87 (“Columbia Asia”), which concerned the purchase of shares in a company
(“UMPL”) by the first plaintiff (“Columbia”). Under the sales contract, the
defendant vendors had warranted that the tax liabilities of UMPL’s wholly
owned subsidiary had been fully discharged. It was later discovered that this
was in fact not the case and that Columbia had been exposed to potential
future tax liabilities as a result. Columbia therefore claimed against the
defendants for, inter alia, damages for a loss of chance to negotiate a lower
purchase price for the shares, in view of the potential future tax liabilities
it was exposed to (at [147]–[148] and [193]).

69 Woo Bih Li J (as he then was) rejected the claim for damages for the loss
of a chance, noting as follows:

201 In the first place, the statement of claim did not plead damages by way of
a loss of chance. In my view, a general plea for damages is different from
damages for loss of a chance. The latter has to be clearly pleaded.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

70 Accordingly, Columbia Asia demonstrates that a party will likely be
precluded from claiming damages for the loss of a chance, if its pleaded case
is one for a general claim for damages. However, I also note that the court
may depart from the general rule that a party is bound by its pleadings, in
very limited circumstances and where no prejudice is caused to the other party
in the trial or where it would be clearly unjust for the court not to do so:
iVenture Card at [36].

71 This, in my view, is illustrated by the case of Tembusu Growth Fund Ltd v
ACTAtek, Inc and others [2018] 4 SLR 1213 (“Tembusu Growth Fund”). In that
case, the plaintiff (“Tembusu”) had invested in the first defendant (“AI”)
through a convertible loan agreement. In separate litigation, it had been
found that Tembusu had committed an anticipatory breach of the loan agreement
by prematurely declaring that AI had breached the loan agreement (at [3]). AI
claimed for damages arising out of Tembusu’s anticipatory breach. In this
regard, AI’s pleaded case was, inter alia, that Tembusu’s breach had derailed
AI’s planned initial public offering (“IPO”), which caused AI to lose the
“benefit” of the IPO (at [5] and [95]). If the IPO had succeeded, AI claimed
that it would have obtained shares valued at NZ$30.5 million in a listed
company. However, AI subsequently modified its claim to one for the loss of a
chance to obtain shares in a listed company worth NZ$30.5m (at [95]). Vinodh
Coomaraswamy J noted the general rule that parties are bound by their pleaded
cases (at [93]–[94]), but nonetheless went on to observe that AI’s loss of
chance claim “[drew] on the same body of evidence adduced at trial” in support
of its pleaded claim (at [95]). As such, the Judge found that Tembusu’s
ability to respond to AI’s loss of chance claim was not significantly
prejudiced and proceeded to consider the merits of AI’s loss of chance claim.

72 In the present case, the plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that in reliance on
the Representations, the plaintiffs had forborne from commencing or
prosecuting legal action expeditiously, and are therefore entitled to either
the full sum of S$616,700 owed under the Contracts or damages to be assessed
for misrepresentation. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

SOC paras 79, 101 and 102.

In my view, the present case is unlike Columbia Asia, where Columbia had
pleaded a general claim for damages without more. In this case, I find that it
is at least implicit in the plaintiffs’ pleaded case that their claim is one
for a loss of chance. To begin with, the very meaning of forbearance is that
the plaintiffs had (allegedly) opted not to seize a chance to commence and/or
prosecute legal action (and thereby secure recovery of their claim), when they
otherwise would have but for the Representations.

73 Further, based on the plaintiffs’ pleaded case alone, it is clear that the
key issues arising from it would include: (a) whether the plaintiffs in fact
would have commenced and/or prosecuted legal proceedings expeditiously, had
the second defendant not made the Representations; and (b) had the plaintiffs
commenced and/or prosecuted legal proceedings against ASMC expeditiously, how
much (if any) they would have recovered from ASMC. As will be clear from my
analysis at [76] below, these are essentially the same issues that would have
arisen if the plaintiffs had pleaded their claim as one for a loss of chance.
Moreover, the fact that these issues arose from the plaintiffs’ pleaded case
did not escape the second defendant. For instance, in his closing submissions
(which were filed before the plaintiffs reframed their claim as one for a loss
of chance), the second defendant argued that the plaintiffs have
“mischaracterised their loss” as the full sum due under the Contracts. The
proper characterisation of the plaintiffs’ loss, the second defendant
submitted, should be the difference between the sum that the plaintiffs would
have recovered had they taken legal action expeditiously, and the sum the
plaintiffs would have recovered from taking legal action later on, which the
plaintiffs have not proven. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS para 106.

In my view, this argument goes toward issue (b) above (on whether the
plaintiffs have proven how much they would have recovered from commencing
legal proceedings expeditiously), and is also an argument relevant to
determining whether the plaintiffs’ claim for loss of chance has any merit, as
I elaborate on at [78] below.

74 In the circumstances, the second defendant has not been significantly
prejudiced in his ability to respond to a claim for loss of chance. The
present case more closely resembles Tembusu Growth Fund where the plaintiffs’
loss of chance claim “draws on the same body of evidence adduced at trial”.
Accordingly, I hold that the plaintiffs are not barred from recharacterising
their loss as a loss of chance. I thus return to the main issue at hand – have
the plaintiffs proven their loss?

75 In their further submissions, the plaintiffs argue that the relevant test
for whether a loss of chance has been proven can be found in Allied Maples
Group Ltd v Simmons & Simmons (a firm) [1995] 1 WLR 1602 (“Allied Maples”)
(followed in Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte
Ltd and another [2005] 1 SLR(R) 661). In Allied Maples, Stuart-Smith LJ noted
that where a plaintiff’s case is that the loss of chance arises out of
something that the plaintiff himself would otherwise have done, had the
defendant not breached his obligations, then the plaintiff must prove this on
a balance of probabilities. However, where the plaintiff’s claim depends on
the hypothetical actions of a third party, then the plaintiff does not need to
prove on a balance of probabilities that the third party would have acted a
certain way, but only needs to show that there was a substantial (rather than
speculative) chance that the third party would have acted as such (at
1610–1611).

76 In the present case, the plaintiffs claim that they lost the chance to
commence and/or prosecute legal action against ASMC expeditiously, which
prevented them from obtaining repayment of the sums due under the Contracts in
October 2018. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PFS paras 9 and 10.

The plaintiffs’ claim thus depends on both the actions of the plaintiffs
themselves (ie, that they would have taken/prosecuted legal action if not for
the Representations) and the actions of a court hearing any application or
proceedings brought by the plaintiffs in October 2018. I therefore agree with
the plaintiffs that they have to prove that: (a) on a balance of
probabilities, but for the Representations, the plaintiffs would have
commenced/prosecuted legal action against ASMC in October 2018; and (b) upon
doing so, there was a real or substantial chance that the court hearing the
proceedings would have allowed the plaintiffs to recover the full amount due
under the Contracts, or part thereof. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PFS para 7.

Moreover, given the plaintiffs’ claim that they lost the chance to obtain
repayment from ASMC, they would also have to show (c) that on a balance of
probabilities, they would have enforced any judgment granted against ASMC; and
(d) that there was a substantial chance that the plaintiffs would be
successful in their enforcement efforts.

77 In my judgment, the plaintiffs have failed to discharge this burden of
proof. Let me explain why I have come to this conclusion. As I have noted
above at [52], there is no evidence before me to suggest that the plaintiffs
were ready to commence legal proceedings in October 2018, and Mr Lun conceded
as much in oral closing submissions. Neither have the plaintiffs adduced any
evidence on whether there is a real or substantial chance that they would have
been granted judgment for any proceedings commenced in October 2018, and if
so, that they would have successfully enforced such a judgment against ASMC.
The plaintiffs assert in their further submissions that they “would have
recovered the full amount [they were] entitled to under the [Contracts]” as
ASMC’s financials were in “good health” from October 2018 to September 2019.
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PFS para 10.

This submission is problematic for a number of reasons. First, as I have noted
above at [41], it suggests that the Third Representation is true and therefore
contradicts the plaintiffs’ case that this representation by the second
defendant constitutes a misrepresentation. Second, the plaintiffs did not in
any case adduce any evidence on the state of ASMC’s financial health during
the material time and in fact, throughout the course of the trial, appeared to
dispute that ASMC was in good financial health at the material time. This
vacillation on the part of the plaintiffs only serves to accentuate the
difficulties with their case against the second defendant. Moreover, the fact
that the first plaintiff obtained summary judgment against ASMC in HC/S
189/2019 on 6 December 2019, but has not enforced this judgment to date, casts
doubt on the suggestion that the plaintiffs would have expeditiously enforced
any judgment obtained against ASMC by way of proceedings commenced in October
2018.

78 As noted at [73] above, the second defendant also raises a potentially
interesting point on whether the plaintiffs’ loss should properly be
characterised as the difference between the sum that the plaintiffs would have
recovered via proceedings commenced in October 2018, and the sum that the
plaintiffs would recover by taking action later. Had the plaintiffs proven
that they would in fact have commenced legal proceedings in October 2018 but
for the Representations, I would have considered this point to be potentially
relevant in assessing the sum of damages that the plaintiffs are entitled to.
However, given that the plaintiffs have failed to prove their loss, this point
has been rendered academic and I say nothing more about it.

79 In sum, I find that the plaintiffs have not proven that they suffered any
loss as a result of reliance on the Representations. Accordingly, in addition
to my conclusions at [32] and [65] above, this forms a further basis for my
decision to dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims in fraudulent and negligent
misrepresentation.

The plaintiffs have not proven that the second defendant knew the
Representations were wilfully false

80 It is not strictly necessary for me to deal with the remaining elements of
the claim for fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation. Nonetheless, for
completeness, I make some observations about the final element of the
plaintiffs’ claim for fraudulent misrepresentation, which is that the second
defendant made the Representations in the knowledge that they were wilfully
false, or in the absence of a genuine belief that they were true.

81 In my judgment, the plaintiffs have also not established this element of
their claim on a balance of probabilities. I have accepted the second
defendant’s evidence (see [40] above) that he genuinely believed the truth of
the Representations at the material time; it therefore follows that the second
defendant did not make the Representations in the knowledge they were wilfully
false.

82 In addition, I am unpersuaded by the plaintiffs’ arguments that the
Representations must have been made by the second defendant fraudulently. One
of the key arguments advanced by the plaintiffs is that an adverse inference
should be drawn from the second defendant’s failure to disclose the following
bank statements, despite an order for discovery (granted by consent in HC/ORC
6308/2020) ordering their production:

(a) bank statements for the DBS Account (referenced above at [33]) for the
months of May 2017 to February 2019 and October 2019 to December 2019; 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PCS para 64(a).

and

(b) bank statements for DBS bank account number 003-938983-3 (the “Second DBS
Account”), for the months of May 2018 to December 2019. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS para 64(b).

The plaintiffs claim that the Second DBS Account belongs to ASMC Pte Ltd, an
associated company of ASMC. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PCS para 64B.

83 The plaintiffs contend that in relation to the bank statements for the
Second DBS Account, the second defendant was identified as a signatory to the
Second DBS Account in a letter from his solicitors to the court dated 10
February 2021 (the “10 February 2021 letter”). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS para 14.

The second defendant’s failure to disclose the bank statements for the Second
DBS Account means that “the only inference to be drawn” is that if the bank
statements were before the court, “the evidence would unequivocally show the
dissipation of funds” by ASMC and its associated companies. This, in turn,
would prove that the second defendant had wilfully made misrepresentations to
the plaintiffs, to facilitate the dissipation of funds by ASMC. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS para 65.

84 I do not accept the plaintiffs’ argument that an adverse inference should
be drawn. In the first place, the second defendant has explained that the 10
February 2021 letter is erroneous in referring to him as a signatory, as he
was never a signatory to the Second DBS Account. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 45 lines 23–24.

The second defendant also testified that he was not involved in the drafting
of the 10 February 2021 letter, and that it was the first defendant (rather
than himself) who was involved in consenting to discovery of the bank
statements. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 34 lines 18–19; p 50 lines 21–31.

While it was not subsequently clarified in re-examination how the alleged
error in the 10 February 2021 letter came to be, I note that reading the 10
February 2021 letter in context, it is at least ambiguous whether the
identification of the second defendant as a signatory to the Second DBS
Account was a typographical error. The relevant portion of the 10 February
2021 letter is as follows: 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PBAEIC Vol 2 p 314 para 5.

5\. After our aforesaid enquiries the 1st Defendant again took time off work
to attend at DBS Upper Thomson Branch on 9 February 2021 as he was in the area
for deliveries. … At this time, the 1st Defendant was informed for the very
first time that DBS could not in any event release the bank statements for DBS
Bank Account No. 003-938983-3 as he (2nd Defendant) was a signatory to that
account. This was the first time that the 1st Defendant had been informed of
such a restriction as no such warning had been given to him by the Bank
officer at the DBS Marine Parade Branch.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

85 There is no other mention of the second defendant in the 10 February 2021
letter, which suggests to me that the inclusion of the second defendant may
well have been an error. I also note the second defendant’s suggestion that
this may have been an erroneous reference to Dr Smuts, who was initially the
second defendant in this suit but was subsequently removed as a defendant by
the plaintiffs. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 55 lines 23–29.

86 In any event, even if I were to accept that the second defendant was a
signatory to the Second DBS Account in February 2021, I do not think that this
fact alone indicates that the second defendant was necessarily concealing the
dissipation of funds from ASMC, or that he had wilfully made false
representations to the plaintiffs to facilitate the same. I stress that the
plaintiffs’ case against the second defendant for fraudulent misrepresentation
(and indeed, for unlawful means conspiracy, as I have noted at [15] above)
hinges on their allegations that the second defendant had knowingly helped to
dissipate funds from ASMC by giving false hopes or reassurances to investors
like the plaintiffs to induce them to forbear from taking legal action. If, as
the plaintiffs claim, the account statements for the DBS Account and Second
DBS Account are the so-called “smoking gun” that would prove the alleged
dissipation of funds from ASMC, I would have expected the plaintiffs to
utilise all the procedural weaponry available to them in their legal arsenal,
including applying for discovery against DBS to obtain disclosure of the
relevant bank statements. Yet, notwithstanding that it was apparent from at
least February 2021 that the defendants faced difficulties disclosing the bank
statements (or, based on the plaintiffs’ own case, that the second defendant
refused to disclose them), and despite several hints by this court during the
trial, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NEs, 24 September 2021 p 57 lines 21–26.

the plaintiffs inexplicably chose not to make such an application. Whether an
adverse inference should be drawn in any given case ultimately depends on the
circumstances of the case: Esben Finance Ltd and others v Wong Hou-Lianq Neil
[2021] 3 SLR 82 at [60(a)]. Based on the circumstances set out above, I do not
find it appropriate to permit the plaintiffs to prove their case by the
drawing of an adverse inference, when the plaintiffs themselves have not
attempted to obtain the crucial piece of evidence they (allegedly) need to
discharge their evidential and legal burden of proof. I therefore decline to
draw any adverse inference against the second defendant, despite the
plaintiffs’ exhortations otherwise.

87 Next, the plaintiffs argue that the second defendant’s “careless choice of
words” in his e-mails proves that he made the Representations in the knowledge
that they were wilfully false. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS para 63.

In this regard, the plaintiffs highlight that in relation to two e-mails sent
on 12 and 28 February 2019, the second defendant conceded in cross-examination
that the e-mails could have been worded in a clearer manner. In my view, the
fact that the second defendant agreed ex post facto that he could have worded
his e-mails differently or better simply does not evidence that he, in his
role as the customer services representative of ASMC, disbelieved the truth of
the Representations at the material time.

88 Finally, in so far as the plaintiffs claim that the falsity of the
Representations show that the second defendant knowingly misled the
plaintiffs, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCS para 61; PRS para 24(c).

I have found at [32] above that the plaintiffs have not discharged their
burden of proving that the Representations are false. I therefore reject this
argument.

89 For the reasons given in this section, I find that the plaintiffs have not
proven that the second defendant made the Representations in the knowledge
that they were wilfully false. As such, even if the plaintiffs had established
the other elements of their claim for fraudulent misrepresentation, the
plaintiffs’ claim would in any event fail on this ground.

Issue 2: Have the plaintiffs established their claim for unlawful means
conspiracy?

90 I turn to the plaintiffs’ alternative claim for the tort of unlawful means
conspiracy. It is common ground between the parties that the elements for a
tort of unlawful means conspiracy are set out in EFT Holdings, Inc and another
v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 at [112],
and are as follows:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

91 For the reasons set out below, I find that the plaintiffs have not
established their claim for unlawful means conspiracy, on a balance of
probabilities.

No evidence of a combination to do unlawful acts

92 As observed in Visionhealthone Corp Pte Ltd v HD Holdings Pte Ltd and
others and another appeal [2013] SGCA 47 at [46], the requirements of a
“combination” and “unlawful act” in practice often have to be considered
together, because proof of an agreement among the alleged conspirators is
often gathered from the unlawful act committed. I will therefore address the
elements of a “combination” and “unlawful act” jointly.

93 In my view, the plaintiffs have not established either of these elements.
While the plaintiffs vehemently argue that the defendants conspired to
dissipate moneys from ASMC, I do not think that the evidence marshalled by the
plaintiffs supports this claim.

94 First, the plaintiffs contend that the defendants acted unlawfully by
dissipating certain funds that were supposed to be transferred from Malta and
paid to ASMC’s funders. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS para 82.

On 8 June 2019, the first defendant had represented to the plaintiffs (among
other funders) that ASMC would transfer funds from London to Malta between 10
and 14 June 2019, and that the funds would be “cleared” in the first
defendant’s Singapore bank account from 17 June 2019. The plaintiffs allege
that subsequently, the defendants (collectively) caused the second plaintiff
to receive a screenshot depicting a transfer of €5m from an account with the
Bank of Valletta, Malta, to a UOB bank account belonging to ISK Capital Pte
Ltd, a company purportedly controlled by the first defendant in Singapore (the
“BOV Screenshot”). 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

SOC para 79(p); PCS para 82; P2AEIC para 116 (PBAEIC Vol 1 p 49).

This screenshot was shared in a chat group comprising a number of ASMC
investors. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NEs, 22 September 2021, p 30 line 25 to p 31 line 2.

Further, in the 1 August 2019 e-mails, the second defendant represented to the
plaintiffs that “the money is in Malta”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 p 258.

However, the plaintiffs argue that this sum must eventually have been
dissipated, as ASMC subsequently suspended repayments to its funders. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS para 82.

95 To begin with, I do not think that the plaintiffs have even established
that moneys were in fact successfully transferred from Malta to Singapore (eg,
by adducing the relevant statements for ASMC’s bank accounts). In so far as
the plaintiffs rely on the BOV Screenshot as proof that funds were transferred
from Malta to Singapore (before being allegedly dissipated), I note that there
is a striking dearth of evidence as to the provenance of this screenshot. In
cross-examination, the second plaintiff testified that the BOV Screenshot was
allegedly sent by one Koh Seng Hwang (also known as “Phyllis”) to a chat
group, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NEs, 22 September 2021, p 30 line 12 to p 31 line 2; p 38 line 11.

but that he did not actually know who the maker of the screenshot was. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NEs, 22 September 2021, p 32 lines 25–26.

Neither did the plaintiffs seek to call Phyllis as a witness or adduce any
evidence of the exchanges within the chat group that may have cast some light
as to who the BOV Screenshot was allegedly obtained from. Significantly, Mr
Lun conceded in oral submissions that there is no evidence showing how or from
whom Phyllis received the BOV screenshot and more importantly, that the BOV
screenshot even emanated from the second defendant or had anything to do with
him. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NEs, 25 February 2022, p 81 lines 10–17.

In the circumstances, I find that the BOV Screenshot does not carry much
probative value, let alone prove the plaintiffs’ pleaded allegation that the
first and second defendants caused the BOV Screenshot to be disseminated to
the second plaintiff.

96 In any case, even if ASMC had successfully transferred funds from Malta to
Singapore, the plaintiffs have also not established that these funds were
“dissipated” in the sense that they were applied to an improper purpose (and
not to legitimate business expenses). For example, the plaintiffs’ pleaded
case (see [15] above] is that part of the objective of the fraudulent scheme
was to allow ASMC’s funds to be paid to other investors – implicit in that
objection was that these other investors were paid instead of the plaintiffs.
Yet there is nothing in the evidence before me to suggest that the plaintiffs
were entitled to expect to be paid before or instead of any other investors.
It is not the plaintiffs’ case that the second defendant (or the first
defendant, for that matter) represented to the plaintiffs that they would be
accorded any priority or preference in terms of being paid from any incoming
funds that may have been forthcoming. I therefore disagree that the funds must
necessarily have been dissipated, simply because ASMC stopped repaying its
funders or because other funders may have been paid instead of the plaintiffs.
Similarly, in so far as the plaintiffs have pleaded that the funds were
dissipated from ASMC and paid to the second defendant personally, no evidence
was adduced by the plaintiffs to make good this assertion that the second
defendant had received any moneys improperly. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

SOC para 89(a).

97 Moreover, even if the plaintiffs had established that moneys were in fact
improperly dissipated from ASMC, the question that remains is whether the
second defendant had combined or reached an agreement with the first defendant
to dissipate money from ASMC. Based on the events described above at [94], I
cannot see how this sequence of events alone necessarily shows that the first
and second defendants had agreed to dissipate funds from ASMC. The overall
picture that emerges from the evidence adduced at trial simply does not match
the pleaded conspiracy scenario painted by the plaintiffs, as summarised in
their Statement of Claim (see [15] above). Further, in so far as the
plaintiffs rely on (a) the Representations; (b) the 1 August 2019 e-mails; and
(c) the 2 September 2019 e-mail as instances where the second defendant made
false statements to allay the plaintiffs’ suspicions, I accept the second
defendant’s defence that he was simply acting on the instructions of his
superiors in conveying these representations for the reasons stated at
[39]–[40] above. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Defence paras 32(b) and 32(c).

In any event, the second plaintiff also conceded in cross-examination that he
has no evidence that the representations contained in the 1 August 2019
e-mails were false at the time they were made by the second defendant. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NEs, 22 September 2021, p 27 lines 11–15 and 26.

Thus, even if I were to assume that funds had been improperly dissipated from
ASMC, the fact that the second defendant made representations to the
plaintiffs on various occasions does not, in my view, go to show that he was
party to an unlawful agreement or that he acted unlawfully in combination with
the first defendant to dissipate funds from ASMC.

98 For similar reasons, I find it to be of limited relevance whether ASMC in
fact had underlying investments. The plaintiffs allege that ASMC’s underlying
investments must have been “bogus”, as limited documentation evidencing ASMC’s
sale and purchase of steam coal and nickel was disclosed in the present suit.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PRS para 26 and 29.

Even if it is indeed established that ASMC’s underlying investments are non-
existent (although, to be clear, I make no finding on this), this alone does
not prove that the second defendant had combined with the first defendant to
injure the plaintiffs. On the contrary, the second defendant testified that he
had always believed that ASMC was a legitimate business. He had gone on a “due
diligence” trip to Indonesia at the start of his employment with ASMC, where
he visited a nickel mine with other sales representatives and funders. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NEs, 24 September 2021, p 122 lines 22–28; NEs, 29 September 2021, p 7 lines
5–16.

He had also undertaken further trips to the mines with funders after ASMC had
defaulted on its payments and a number of funders wanted to see for themselves
that ASMC had operations in Indonesia. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

AEIC of Neil Hutton para 25.

The second defendant’s testimony in this respect is uncontradicted and I see
no reason to doubt his explanation. I also note that it was not part of the
plaintiffs’ pleaded case that ASMC had no underlying investments – in any
case, it would be difficult to sustain such a case since the plaintiffs
concede that they did receive their monthly payments timeously until about
September 2018 when the payments stopped. I therefore decline to place any
significant weight on the contention that the second defendant has not adduced
evidence of ASMC’s underlying investments.

99 For completeness, I note that the second plaintiff alleges in his AEIC that
the conspiracy between the first and second defendants is also evidenced by a
message emanating from Dr Smuts. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

P2AEIC para 131 (PBAEIC Vol 1 p 61).

The second plaintiff refers to a screenshot of exchanges in a Whatsapp chat
group that the first plaintiff was part of, and which depicts a message
purportedly from Dr Smuts, stating as follows: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PBAEIC Vol 2 pp 276–277.

I hope I can count on some people with integrity to support me in this effort
to stop [the first defendant] …

Stu, again I appreciate you doing the honourable thing - and you are right I
was trying to build a real company giving investors real benefits but this guy
was never on that same agenda. The only way to get some capital back is to
track down where the missing money has been squirrelled to.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

100 No evidence was adduced as to the provenance of this Whatsapp message.
This message was not posted by Dr Smuts directly to the Whatsapp chat group,
but was rather posted by one Mr Stuart Smith, who was sharing with the chat
group members an exchange he purportedly had with Dr Smuts over the LinkedIn
portal. The plaintiffs did not call Dr Smuts or Mr Stuart Smith as witnesses
at the trial. The fact that Dr Smuts may have said that moneys were
“squirrelled” away is clearly hearsay evidence, and prima facie inadmissible
for present purposes. Even if it were admissible, I do not see how the message
sent by Dr Smuts necessarily demonstrates a conspiracy between the first and
second defendants, especially since Dr Smuts does not even mention the second
defendant in his message. I therefore would not accord Dr Smuts’ message any
significant weight.

101 To summarise the foregoing, the evidence adduced by the plaintiffs does
not, in my judgment, prove on a balance of probabilities that moneys had been
dissipated from ASMC, much less that the second defendant combined or reached
an agreement with the first defendant to do the same. To the extent that the
plaintiffs allege that the second defendant is wilfully withholding disclosure
of bank statements to conceal the defendants’ dissipation of ASMC’s funds, I
have already explained at [86] above why I decline to draw any adverse
inference in the present case. Accordingly, I find that the plaintiffs have
failed to establish that there was a combination between the first and second
defendants to unlawfully dissipate funds from ASMC.

No intent to cause injury or loss suffered

102 Following from my conclusion at [101] above, the plaintiffs have failed to
establish their claim for unlawful means conspiracy. As an alternative basis
for my conclusion, I make a few brief observations about the remaining
elements of the plaintiffs’ claim.

103 In my judgment, the plaintiffs have also not established that there was
any intent to cause injury on the part of the second defendant. The plaintiffs
claim that the second defendant’s intent to cause injury is apparent from the
fact that his e-mails were “calculated to convey a particular meaning and
impression” to the plaintiffs. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PCS para 78.

In my view, I do not see how the phrasing of the second defendant’s e-mails
alone can prove malice on his part. This is especially so when, as I have
accepted at [39] above, these e-mails were sent on instructions from the
second defendant’s superiors and at times, drafted by persons other than the
second defendant. I have also found that the plaintiffs have not proven that
the e-mails sent by the second defendant contained false representations (at
[32] above). Accordingly, I disagree that any intent to cause injury can be
discerned from the e-mails sent by the second defendant.

104 As for the loss allegedly suffered by the plaintiffs, I note that the
plaintiffs have not specified anywhere in their pleadings or closing
submissions what relief is sought in respect of their claim for unlawful means
conspiracy. In any case, proceeding on the assumption that the relief sought
by the plaintiffs is the sum of S$616,700 owed by ASMC under the Contracts,
the plaintiffs would then have to prove that they had been deprived of the
full sum due to them under the Contracts, as a result of the conspiracy to
dissipate ASMC’s funds. This would require the plaintiffs to show, for
instance, that ASMC would have had sufficient funds to make payment to the
plaintiffs pursuant to the Contracts, but for the dissipation of funds. The
plaintiffs have not adduced any evidence in this respect. Accordingly, I find
that the plaintiffs have also failed to prove that they suffered a loss as a
result of the alleged conspiracy.

105 In sum, in addition to my conclusion at [101] above, the plaintiffs have
not established that the second defendant intended to injure them, or that
they suffered a loss as a result of the alleged conspiracy. The plaintiffs
have therefore not established their claim for unlawful means conspiracy, and
I also dismiss this claim accordingly.

Issue 3: Are the plaintiffs entitled to the BNP Paribas Performance Bond?

106 For completeness, I address the plaintiffs’ pleaded request for relief in
the form of the BNP Paribas Performance Bond. This claim can be dealt with in
fairly short order. Apart from the fact that the pleaded relief is somewhat
incomprehensible (see [16] above), the plaintiffs have not led any evidence,
made any submissions or otherwise demonstrated why they are entitled to claim
the BNP Paribas Performance Bond from the second defendant. As I mentioned
above, this part of the claim was not pursued with any vigour nor articulated
in any way. To the extent that the plaintiffs allege that the second defendant
fraudulently and/or negligently misrepresented in his e-mail of 12 December
2018 (S/N 7 of Annex A) that ASMC would be procuring a performance bond from
BNP Paribas, I have already dismissed the plaintiffs’ claims for
misrepresentation at [79] above.

107 I find that there is no basis in law or fact to allow this claim and
therefore also dismiss it accordingly.

Conclusion

108 ASMC has effectively ceased operations and is clearly in a financially
parlous state. The first defendant is, according to court records, presently
an undischarged bankrupt 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

HC/B 159/2020 (HC/ORC 415/2021) dated 22 January 2021.

and therefore unlikely to be able to satisfy any judgment obtained by the
plaintiffs against him. The plaintiffs, for reasons unknown and which they did
not wish to reveal, discontinued this action against Dr Smuts. That left the
second defendant in the plaintiffs’ crosshairs. While I sympathise with the
plaintiffs’ predicament and the significant sums they have lost as a result of
their investments having turned sour, I am simply not satisfied that the very
serious claims made by the plaintiffs against the second defendant have been
made out.

109 For the reasons set out in this judgment, I dismiss all of the plaintiffs’
claims and this action against the second defendant.

110 I shall hear the parties separately on the question of costs.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Clarence Lun Yaodong, Wong Changyan Ernest, Chua Qin En and Leng Ting Kun
(Fervent Chambers LLC) for the plaintiffs;

The first defendant absent and unrepresented;

Naidu Devadas and Jonathan Sam Weiyi (Metropolitan Law Corporation) for the
second defendant.

Annex A: Occasions on which the Representations were allegedly made to the
plaintiffs 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

PCS para 27.

  

S/N| Date / Reference in Statement of Claim (“SOC”)| Representation made
(First, Second, Third or Fourth)| Details[emphasis added in bold italics]  
---|---|---|---  
1 | 28 October 2018SOC para 79(b)| Third and Fourth| At the Concorde Hotel meeting, the second defendant represented that that ASMC was in the midst of going public. He proposed to the second plaintiff that instead of making an early redemption request, the plaintiffs could make a pre-IPO placement of ASMC shares. In the alternative, the second defendant proposed that the plaintiffs could reinvest their principal sum into another investment by ASMC or opt to be paid in gold bars equivalent to the redemption sum.  
2 | 31 October 2018 142

##### Foot Note 142

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 207. SOC paras 54(b) and 79(c)| Second| In a mass e-mail to
ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated:“... For those people who are
awaiting payment, I can assure you that all outstanding payments will be made
from the 9th November 2018. It may take up to 10 working days to clear the
payments, but all payments due up to that point will be made. ... ASMC
continues to grow and diversify and we can assure our clients that all returns
will be paid, and the profit share scheme in Nickel and PGM is as secure as it
always has been ...”  
3 | 2 November 2018 143

##### Foot Note 143

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 207. SOC para 79(d)| Third and Fourth| In response to the
second plaintiff requesting an early redemption of the Contracts, the second
defendant stated in an e-mail: “I suggest you wait for the call back. It’s
free and I don’t think it will take any longer.” A “call back” referred to the
process of ASMC terminating a contract with a funder. 144

##### Foot Note 144

× NEs, 29 September 2021, p 4 lines 25–30.  
4 | 5 November 2018 145

##### Foot Note 145

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 206. SOC para 79(d)| Third and Fourth| In response to a query
from the second plaintiff on when the call back would take place, the second
defendant replied by e-mail: “I expect it to be at the end of Nov, with a
cheque dated in December.”  
5 | 19 November 2018 146

##### Foot Note 146

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 210. SOC paras 54(c) and 79(e)| Third and Fourth| In a mass
e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated:“... We appreciate your
patience with the payment of the returns. The delayed payments are to be
brought up to date as soon as possible. We had hoped that the payment would be
made already. However, it is still pending. The memo that we issued stated
that the payment would be made within 10 working days of 9th November. This
takes us up to 23rd November. Despite that, we are working to ensure that the
payments are to be made as soon as possible…”  
6 | 23 November 2018 147

##### Foot Note 147

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 213. SOC paras 54(d) and 79(f)| First, Third and Fourth| In a
mass e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated:“... We understand
the delayed payments continue to cause concern. We are trying to resolve the
matter and in the interim, to keep all parties informed. The most recent
update we have is that the funds are in our ASMC bank account pending final
approval from the bank. The payments will be released once we have satisfied
the banking requirements ...”  
7 | 12 December 2018 148

##### Foot Note 148

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 216. SOC paras 54(e) and 79(g)| First, Third and Fourth| In a
mass e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “... In the
interim, we are attempting to provide supporting data or literature to explain
that the overall health of ASMC remains robust, and that we have the funds
ready to make the required payments once we overcome these temporary
logistical banking issues. It may take a little while to process all of the
payments due to the unforeseen and purely administrative hurdles, but we are
in a position to reassure all of our valued clients that payment will be made.
To this end, ASMC is arranging for a Bank Performance Bond through BNP PARIBAS
before end of this year. This performance Bond will guarantee payment to
clients of the capital and outstanding returns. We believe that this
alternative will obviate the administrative issues. Please note that BNP
PARIBAS by issuing the aforesaid Bank Performance Bond is in effect
acknowledging that ASMC is in possession of the requisite funds and is indeed
ready and willing to make all payments. ...”  
8 | 8 January 2019 149

##### Foot Note 149

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 228. SOC paras 54(f) and 79(h)| First and Third| In a mass
e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “... The memos that we
last issued stated that the payment would be made in November then end of
December. We sent those memos out in good faith and based on what we believed
to be reliable information. We shared those timescales because we were
informed that we could make the payments within those timescales. We sincerely
apologise that the payments are still outstanding. Over the Christmas period,
some banking processes can slow down owing to the Bank Holiday etc. since the
Christmas break, we are concentrating our efforts on discovering why the
banking issue was not resolved in the way that we were told it would be and on
making the payment as soon as possible. Prior to the festive break I liaised
with clients and explained that we would be producing some supporting data, to
reassure clients. Information related to the BNP bond and the overall health
of ASMC and our mining and refining operations. I have some information from
the BNP Bank, but as I am sure you can imagine, correspondence relating to our
internal banking issues are usually confidential and it would not be standard
practice to just issue copies of our internal correspondence freely by
e-mail...”  
9 | 14 January 2019 150

##### Foot Note 150

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 235.  SOC paras 54(h) and 79(j)| First, Third and Fourth| In
a mass e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “... all the
logistical banking issues that had caused delays have now been surmounted. We
are looking to make all payments for Nickel investments by bank TT transfer
very soon. We shall be contacting you in due course regarding the protocol and
specific timing of the payments. ... ASMC is now looking to focus on our
biggest and most successful ongoing projects, namely our nickel mining and
smelting and our refinery. ASMC can state with confidence that these projects
are healthy, and robust and exclusive to ASMC. ...”  
10 | 12 February 2019 151

##### Foot Note 151

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 238. SOC paras 54(i) and 79(j)| Fourth| In a mass e-mail to
ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “We have the clearance to
initiate payments from Wednesday, 20th February 2019.”  
11 | 28 February 2019 152

##### Foot Note 152

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 240. SOC paras 59(a) and 79(l)| Third and Fourth| In a mass
e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “We will continue to
work through the call back meetings to produce settlement deeds, and we expect
this matter to be finally concluded within the next 4 weeks. In the mean time
we appreciate your ongoing patience.”  
12 | 11 April 2019 153

##### Foot Note 153

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 243. SOC paras 59(b) and 79(l)| First, Third and Fourth| In a
mass e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “... [The SWIFT
code] will validate that ASMC has the funds to pay clients, and will reinforce
that we also have the intention to settle, as soon as clearance is given by
the bank. The Swift code and clearance that we are awaiting relates to the
Performance Bond from BNP Paribas Bank. You may already be aware that a
Performance Bond is used to offer assurances that a company (in this case
ASMC) can deliver on the service that we have undertaken. It confirms that
ASMC will use these funds to fulfil our commitment to pay clients. ...”  
13 | 30 April 2019 154

##### Foot Note 154

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 246. SOC paras 59(c) and 79(l)| First, Third and Fourth| In a
mass e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “After several
negotiations, we were informed by the bank that the funds that we intend to
use to pay our clients can be cleared to pay clients in 2 weeks. It is
important to clarify ASMC has continued with its mining operations and to
generate revenue despite the difficulties that we experience with the process
of clearing the funds.We expect that the matter will be resolved very soon,
and are awaiting for clearance to begin making the payments.”  
14 | 15 May 2019 155

##### Foot Note 155

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 249. SOC paras 59(d) and 79(l)| First, Third and Fourth| In a
mass e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “Since my last
memo, the timescale that I offered of 2 weeks now feel [sic] ambitious in
hindsight, and the information that I have now suggests that the payments can
begin at the end of May. The information is a mixed blessing. I can state with
confidence that the funds will clear within our Singapore UOB account soon.
The transfer of funds to our account would be made in batches and so would the
payments to clients. Batch one could be as soon as the end of May and batch 2
would be mid June.”  
15 | 10 June 2019 156

##### Foot Note 156

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 203. SOC paras 59(e) and 79(p)| First, Third and Fourth| In a
mass e-mail to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant reiterated representations
made during a meeting held on 8 June 2019, as follows:“Mr Ishak Basheere the
owner of ASMC met with clients at 12pm on Saturday 8th June 2019. At that
meeting Ishak addressed a crowd of funders from Singapore and Malaysia. ...The
meeting developed into a Q & A session and various actions / outcomes were
agreed upon: 1. Ishak made it explicitly clear that he can and will pay all
clients 100% of what is owed to them within 3 months. 2\. Ishak explained that
Dr Smuts is no longer working at ASMC. 3\. ASMC funds are to be transferred
from London to Malta between June 10th – 14th June 2019.4\. June 17 onwards
funds will be cleared in batches in Ishak’s Singapore bank account. This is
expected to take 3 days. 5\. Ishak estimates the amount to be around 5 million
Euros per batch. 6\. June 21 we can begin to process the payments. ... 9\. All
dividends will be calculated up until end of June 2019.10\. Schedule of
payment will be worked out by June 14 based on the percentage payout scheme.”  
16 | 5 July 2019 157

##### Foot Note 157

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 254. Not pleaded| First, Third and Fourth| In a mass e-mail
to ASMC’s funders, the second defendant stated: “Mining operations and all
other business continues as normal. ... 2\. Please note that such breaches
will not only jeopardise the company’s business operations but it will also
negatively effect [sic] the company’s ability to honour its financial
obligations for all funders. ... The last memo set out a timeline for the
payments, and whilst we still feel confident that payments can be completed
within 3 months as previously stated, the first payment is delayed. We are
still working to bring the funds from Malta in to Singapore, so that we can
pay clients from our Singapore account.”  
  
Annex B: Further occasions on which the second defendant allegedly made false
statements to the plaintiffs in furtherance of an unlawful means conspiracy

  

S/N| Date| Relevant extracts of the e-mails sent by the second defendant  
---|---|---  
1 | 1 August 201912.03pm 158

##### Foot Note 158

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 258. | “1. The money is in Malta2 and 3. The money was held at Malta due to a breach of P and C by a client and we are working to get the funds released very soon. We expect the funds to be inSingapore and cleared by MAS within a few working days.”  
2 | 1 August 20193.30pm 159

##### Foot Note 159

× PBAEIC Vol 1 p 257. | “1. A bank will freeze the account pending an investigation.2\. I am not prepared to give out any more information about the bank, we do not want a repeat of the current problem.3\. We need wait for the bank to complete their investigation/compliance process.4\. We are transferring funds from Indonesia too. I do not know what stage that transfer is at but it is imminent, MAS will hold the funds for up to 24 hours before they release or return the funds.”  
3 | 2 September 2019 160

##### Foot Note 160

× PBAEIC Vol 1 pp 268–269. | “My last memo in June explained that funds were to be transferred to Singapore from Malta and that we could pay a percentage of what we owe clients in June and the full amount by mid to late September (3 months from when we met).…However, ASMC had to change the route through which we transfer funds into Singapore, due to a serious breach of privacy and confidentiality by a client. Therefore, as a result of the said breach of confidentiality we were unable to meet those timeframes. Since that time, the company has had to rearrange the transfer of funds through Indonesia, which unfortunately incurred more administrative costs. These unexpected delays/costs have also compounded ASMC's problems and subsequently further delayed payments whilst we rectify the breach of confidentiality issue in Malta.…However, we now have funds awaiting clearance into our Singapore account. The transfer is from our nominated business account in Indonesia. The transfer instructions have been sent and we do not anticipate any further problems as clearance has been approved on both countries. The transfer of foreign currency takes a little longer than initially anticipated but we are confident that the funds will clear in due course subject to banking regulatory and administrative requirements. The delays have caused problems for all parties, including clients, agents and ASMC. Once the first transfer clears we can then settle some immediate payments and we can also begin to settle what we owe to clients. Therefore, due to the said delays ASMC will now have to share in additional legal and administration fees to process repayments.”  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Aug 2022 (11:27 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

