Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 200

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9042 of 2022/01

Between

Lim Hong Boon  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

bRIEF rEMARKS

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Hong Boon

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 200

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9042 of 2022  
Aedit Abdullah J  
5 August 2022

23 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 The fraud perpetrated on many investors by Genneva Pte Ltd (the “Company”),
caused a substantial degree of loss. Those who have been convicted of
involvement in the crimes should be punished to a degree to deter similar
fraud and visit substantial retribution on them for the wrongs committed.
However, in calibrating the punishment, the sentence imposed must be
proportionate and principled.

2 Here, the appellant, Lim Hong Boon, was not a mere functionary, carrying out
menial or low-level tasks. He was not just a foot soldier, but neither was he
the directing mind and will. The question in these brief remarks, concerning
the appellant’s appeal against sentence only, is where he lay on the spectrum.

3 Having considered the arguments, I have concluded that the sentence imposed
below of 60 months’ imprisonment was disproportionate to the circumstance and
manifestly excessive. I thus allow the appeal, and substitute a sentence of 48
months’ imprisonment in its stead.

Brief background

4 The appellant claimed trial to a single charge under s 340(5) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) for knowingly being a
party to the carrying on of the business of the Company, with intent to
defraud creditors of the Company, for the period of 17 August 2012 to 30
September 2012. The Company is incorporated in Singapore and in the business
of gold trading, in particular, gold-based investment schemes. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”), Grounds of Decision (“GD”) at [7] and [8], p 1798.

These schemes entailed the sale and buy-back of gold from customers at certain
prices. Customers would receive discounts or pay-outs from the Company as part
of their contract with the Company. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA, GD at [8] and [9], pp 1798 and 1799.

This was, however, an unsustainable business model that caused the Company to
incur losses consistently.

5 Between 17 August 2012 and 30 September 2012, the Company carried out the
Gold Inspection Exercise (“GI Exercise”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 12 July 2022 (“RWS”) at para 23.

Customers who had purchased gold bars from the Company were informed to bring
in their gold for inspection. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RWS at para 24.

The gold was collected at the physical office of the Company. Assistant Group
Management Consultants (“AGMCs”) would be present to assist. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RWS at para 29.

The gold was then handed over to the staff in the “office room” located in the
premises of the Company, kept in either the “office room” or in a safe, and
tracked on an Excel spreadsheet. Some days later, the customer would return to
obtain their gold as well as a new contract on better terms than before.

6 In the period before customers returned for their gold, the Company had free
use of the said gold: among other things, the gold would be sold to new
customers for cash or given to customers who had previously brought in their
gold. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

RWS at para 31.

By doing so, the Company used earlier batches of gold to generate cash while
later batches of gold were returned to customers who provided gold previously.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RWS at para 34.

This temporarily alleviated the Company’s cash flow problems.

7 Between 17 August 2012 and 30 September 2012, the Company collected
3,664.415kg of gold from its customers. By September 2012, the Company started
to default on the return of gold to customers. As of 30 September 2012, about
672.015kg of gold with a market value of $46.85m was owing to the customers. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RWS at para 35.

The decision below

8 The District Judge (“DJ”) convicted the appellant under s 340(5) of the
Companies Act and imposed a sentence of 60 months’ imprisonment. The full
grounds of decision are contained in Public Prosecutor v Lim Hong Boon [2022]
SGDC 47 (“GD”).

9 Before the DJ, the Prosecution sought a sentence of 68 months’ imprisonment.
The appellant was central to the running of the GI Exercise and the “go to”
person when there were queries. He was also responsible for the movement of
gold in the “office room”, and fully aware of the consequences of the GI
Exercise. Given the amount of loss caused and the number of people deceived,
deterrence was the dominant sentencing consideration. The Prosecution further
emphasised that the appellant was as culpable as Kwok Fong Loong (“Kwok”), the
General Manager of the Company, who had pleaded guilty to the same charge and
received a sentence of 56 months’ imprisonment. As the appellant claimed
trial, an uplift in his sentence was warranted. The Prosecution also relied on
Phang Wah and others v Public Prosecutor [2012] 1 SLR 646 (“Phang Wah”).

10 The appellant, in turn, sought a sentence of a fine, and in the
alternative, a term of imprisonment shorter than that imposed on Kwok. The
appellant was a mere employee of the Company and was involved in the GI
Exercise because of a request by Kwok. He was not a controlling mind and will
of the company and did not play any part in formulating the GI Exercise.
Instead, he was merely following instructions. The appellant also sought to
distinguish Phang Wah.

11 The DJ imposed a sentence of 60 months’ imprisonment. Deterrence was the
dominant sentencing consideration due to the huge losses caused to large
numbers of unsuspecting investors: GD at [150]. The DJ also relied on the
observation in Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Law Aik
Meng”) that offences involving financial services and/or the integrity of the
economic infrastructure warrant deterrent sentences. Here, the GI Exercise
involved the trading of gold. Gold is both a valuable commodity and seen as a
good store of value. Yet, because of the actions of the appellant and the
Company, gold has become the very crisis for the victims: GD at [151]–[153].

12 The DJ found that the appellant was not a mere cog in the wheel but more of
an axle or a lynchpin: GD at [181]. The appellant was vital to the GI
Exercise: he oversaw the collection and movement of gold, and was fully aware
of the consequences of the GI Exercise: GD at [150]. As compared to Kwok, who
played a higher function and role in the Company, the DJ found the appellant
to be less culpable: GD at [161]–[162].

13 In the DJ’s assessment, a sentence of 48 months’ imprisonment would be
imposed had the appellant pleaded guilty at the earliest: GD at [179]. But as
the appellant had chosen to claim trial, the significant mitigating factor of
an early plea of guilt that was offered to Kwok would not apply. Considering
that considerable state resources were expended (with over 17 witnesses
testifying in the trial), an uplift of 12 months from the starting point
sentence of 48 months was justified: GD at [183].

Summary of appellant’s arguments

14 The appellant argues that the sentence imposed is manifestly excessive.
First, the appellant was not in a role that was central or significant to the
GI Exercise. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions dated 12 July 2022 (“AWS”) at para 35.

He was a mere employee in the Company who was tasked to assist Kwok. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AWS at paras 25 and 26.

While the appellant was in charge of receiving and processing the gold, he did
so on the instructions of his employers and had little to no discretion in the
process. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AWS at para 36.

He was not responsible for the marketing of the GI Exercise to the Company’s
customers; he did not make any additional profits or commission from the GI
Exercise; and he was not the controlling mind of the Company or the GI
Exercise. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AWS at paras 17, 38 and 40.

Second, the appellant submits that he is less culpable than Kwok and the
offenders in Phang Wah. Correspondingly, a significantly lower sentence should
be imposed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AWS at paras 41–59.

Third, the appellant should not receive an uplift of 12 months for his
decision to claim trial. He did so as he disagreed with the Prosecution’s case
that he was the Head of Transactions in the Company. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AWS at para 60.

His conduct of his defence was also focused and expeditious. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AWS at para 63.

15 In oral submissions, the appellant sought a sentence of either a fine or a
term of imprisonment no more than several months. The appellant emphasised
that he was a mere employee who carried out the instructions of his superiors.
It was thus unfair to visit the consequences of the GI Exercise upon him. The
appellant further reiterated that he is less culpable than the offenders in
Phang Wah and Kwok.

Summary of the respondent’s arguments

16 The respondent maintains that the sentence imposed is not manifestly
excessive. First, the appellant was in charge of a pivotal aspect of the GI
Exercise. He was responsible for the collection and movement of gold, and he
was fully aware of the problems and issues of the GI Exercise. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RWS at para 55.

Even though he was a mere employee, he was high in the hierarchy of the
Company as evinced by his direct contact with the directors of the Company. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RWS at para 65.

Second, the DJ had properly calibrated the sentences of Kwok and the
appellant. While the DJ found Kwok to be more culpable than the appellant, the
DJ correctly noted that Kwok, unlike the appellant, pleaded guilty. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RWS at paras 75–78.

Third, the appellant’s decision to claim trial meant that he was not entitled
to the sentencing discount that would have been applied to Kwok. Numerous
witnesses were called to give evidence. These were resources that Kwok had
saved through his plea of guilt, which warranted a sentencing discount. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RWS at paras 85–90.

17 In oral submissions, the respondent highlighted the critical role played by
the appellant in the “office room”, which was the first point of contact in
the GI Exercise where customers would lose control of their gold. The
appellant was in charge of the “office room” and fully involved in the
disposition of the gold. In particular, the appellant had direct access to the
directors of the Company, in particular, one Ng Poh Wen (“Ng”, styled “Datuk
Ng”). The respondent also accepted that the appellant’s culpability is lower
than that of Kwok, and submitted that a sentence of 60 months’ imprisonment is
justified.

The decision

18 The sentence imposed below is manifestly excessive. It is set aside and
substituted by a sentence of 48 months’ imprisonment.

Findings going to sentencing

19 As this was sentencing after trial, the findings of the DJ determine the
factual perimeters. For present purposes, these largely pertain to the role of
the appellant in the Company and the GI Exercise.

20 The DJ found that the appellant was the head of the Company’s Transaction
Department: GD at [132]. Further, the DJ noted that the appellant had access
to Ng, which showed that the appellant can be reasonably expected to know that
the Company was not engaged in any business activity that would generate
sufficient revenue: GD at [126]. His access to Ng also meant that he was an
employee with sufficient authority: GD at [135]. In the GI Exercise, the
appellant played a central role as he controlled the movement of gold and gold
redemptions: GD at [125]. He also knew that the gold surrendered was being
sold, pawned or sent overseas, and was extensively involved in the activities
of the GI Exercise contrary to his claims that he played a limited supervisory
role: GD at [126] and [127]. In sum, the appellant was in the thick of the
affairs relating to the GI Exercise: GD at [130].

Culpability

21 The sentence imposed on an offender involved in offences carried out by a
group of people in a criminal enterprise, with a division of labour and
responsibility, should generally reflect their level of involvement and
knowledge. This is a relatively trite proposition of law, that an offender
playing a more culpable role in a criminal enterprise should be dealt with
more severely: Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 at [45].

22 The culpability of the appellant was not low. He had knowledge of the scale
and objectives of the criminal enterprise taking place. His access to Ng and
his overall familiarity with the operations of the Company was such that he
should have known that the gold collected in the GI Exercise was not
generating sufficient revenue to meet the Company’s liabilities: GD at [126].
Numerous employees had also updated him on the delays in the return of the
gold to customers: GD at [120]. In this regard, the appellant’s attempt to
distance himself from the GI Exercise was squarely rejected: GD at [128]. This
knowledge implicated the appellant in a substantial level of criminal
responsibility: those who know of the extent of the criminality taking place,
would also know of the harm being caused or threatened. The appellant would
have or should have known of the impact on the customers as well as the loss
and disruption that would result from the criminal activity he was involved
in.

23 The appellant’s actions in the GI Exercise and within the Company was an
essential part of the GI exercise. He controlled the movement of the gold and
gold redemptions, answered the queries of the staff in the “office room”, and
was involved in the sale, pawning or sending of the gold overseas: GD at
[120], [125] and [126]. Without his participation, the offence and the harm
stemming from the GI Exercise would not have been able to occur. But for his
involvement, the siphoning of the gold bars would not have transpired. Someone
had to carry out the tasks he was assigned or nothing would have happened. Put
simply, the appellant was no passive participant in the GI Exercise. His
involvement was neither minor nor accidental; on the contrary, he was
instrumental to the GI Exercise.

24 The above means that the appellant could not possibly be determined to have
such a low level of culpability that would point to a low sentence of a fine
or a sentence of only several months’ imprisonment, as sought by the appellant
during oral submissions.

25 However, on the other hand, the appellant was not the directing mind and
will or the formulator or instigator of the criminal enterprise. Culpability
will be greater if the offender was responsible for developing or initiating
the crime: Amir Hamzah bin Berang Kuty v Public Prosecutor [2003] 1 SLR(R) 617
at [58]. The GI Exercise was conceived by the Malaysian directors of the
Company, who conveyed their instructions through the Group Management
Consultants (“GMCs”).

26 Culpability would also be greater if the offender were also able to
exercise discretion or had some leeway in how the crime was to be perpetrated.
Such discretion would normally carry with it the possibility of narrowing or
enlarging the scope of harm, and thus should attract a more substantial
sentence, than otherwise. This, however, was not the case. As observed by the
DJ, the appellant was an employee acting on the instructions of Ng: GD at
[161].

27 The appellant’s culpability would also be lower than others involved at the
higher level of the criminal enterprise because he derived limited benefits
from his participation in the GI Exercise: B Subramaniam a/l Banget Raman v
Public Prosecutor [2003] 4 SLR(R) 600 at [29]. His salary was only RM2,300 per
month and there is no suggestion that he accrued any other benefits arising
from his participation in the GI Exercise.

28 As against the appellant, Kwok had a different level of culpability. As the
General Manager of the Company, Kwok played a greater role than the appellant.
Kwok was involved in the signing off on the documents and circulars to GMCs
and clients, and also dealt with the consultants of the Company: GD at [163].
Not only was the appellant not involved in these activities, but his
participation in the GI Exercise was also, in part, due to a request of Kwok:
GD at [161] and [162]. Contrastingly, there is no evidence of any kind to
suggest that the appellant had involved any other persons in the GI Exercise.

Harm

29 The extent of the harm caused was indeed substantial. Through the GI
Exercise, 3,664.415kg of gold was collected. From September onwards, the
Company started to default on the return of gold to customers. As of 30
October 2012 (the last day of the GI Exercise before the authorities commenced
investigation), about 672.015kg of gold with a market value of $47.85m was
owing to customers. Massive loss was caused to a huge number of customers over
a relatively short period of time. Deterrence is therefore a relevant
consideration, and is required to prevent similar harm from being caused in
the future.

30 Reference was made by the DJ to Law Aik Meng for the proposition that
deterrence should feature heavily in the sentencing of the appellant, as the
present offence involves financial services and affects the economic
infrastructure of the nation: GD at [151]. That observation in Law Aik Meng,
however, was in the context of false credit-card transactions. The harm that
would result to the financial system, through loss of confidence in credit
cards, would have been substantial: it thus acted as an additional factor
pointing to the need for greater deterrence. However, the present situation is
different: great harm was caused, and perhaps greater suspicion may attend
similar gold investments in future (which is not actually a bad thing), but I
am very doubtful that, in the absence of specific evidence, harm was caused to
the confidence in the financial system.

Parity

31 Parity is to be aimed for, but in the present case the DJ unfortunately
approached it in a way that gave rise to the inference that the appellant was
penalised for claiming trial. As emphasised in many cases such as Ng Kean Meng
Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 at [40] (“Ng Kean Meng”) as well
as Public Prosecutor v BLV [2017] SGHC 154 at [135], an offender has the right
to claim trial and should not be penalised for it. A person who pleads guilty
conversely may be treated more leniently because the plea of guilt, especially
if it is early, may indicate remorse and save resources: Krishan Chand v
Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 737 at [6]. As a matter of principle, the
appropriate discount accorded to an offender who pleads guilty is a fact-
sensitive matter depending on multiple factors: Ng Kean Meng at [71].

32 Here, Kwok pleaded guilty. To ensure parity between Kwok and the appellant,
the appropriate course would have been to consider what sentence would likely
have been imposed on an offender claiming trial in Kwok’s situation. I am of
the view that the sentence would have been in the region of 70 to 80 months’
imprisonment. Not an insubstantial amount of resources would have been
expended, in terms of the witnesses called (both lay and expert), in the
hearing process. On the basis that the appellant is less culpable than Kwok,
in the various ways outlined above, the DJ should have then adjusted the
sentence of the appellant against the sentence that would have been imposed on
Kwok had he claimed trial. To go about it in the converse, as the DJ had done
so, conveys the misimpression that the appellant has been penalised for
claiming trial.

Calibration of the sentence

33 In summary, a substantial sentence was called for given that the harm was
significant, and deterrence required. The appellant’s culpability was at a
lower level than Kwok, and others who derived greater benefit and who were
able to direct matters. On the facts, he was at the middle-level: it may be
that the enterprise would not have been able to operate without his
involvement, but that would not be enough on its own to warrant a substantive
sentence at the upper one-third of the prescribed sentencing range under s
340(5) of the Companies Act, closer to the maximum of seven years’
imprisonment. Assessing the circumstances, the appropriate sentence should be
above but closer to the half-way point of three and a half years’
imprisonment, or 42 months. In making such calibration, I did not find that
Phang Wah provided much assistance in respect of sentencing under s 340,
because of the other offences proceeded with in that case.

34 In light of the above, I am of the view that the appropriate sentence is
one of 48 months’ imprisonment. Accordingly, the sentence below is set aside
and substituted with imprisonment of 48 months. As for parity, the sentence in
Kwok’s case was not appealed, but the putative non-discounted sentence of 70
to 80 months would seem to be in line with the different circumstances between
Kwok and the appellant here.

35 I would like to emphasise that the harm caused to the victims of the
offence cannot be downplayed. The substitution of the sentence is to reflect
the level of criminal responsibility that the appellant should bear for his
role and his contribution to the criminal enterprise.

36 I will now hear parties on the commencement of sentence, and any other
matters.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Kesavan Nair (Bayfront Law LLC) for the appellant;

Hon Yi and Norman Yew (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Aug 2022 (12:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

