Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION of

  

the HIGH COURT OF THE republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 33

Civil Appeal No 57 of 2021

Between

Ng Koon Yee Mickey  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Mah Sau Cheong  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 506 of 2018

Between

Mah Sau Cheong  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Ng Koon Yee Mickey  
---  
  
… Defendant

Between

Ng Koon Yee Mickey  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

Mah Sau Cheong  
---  
  
… Defendant in counterclaim

Judgment

[Debt and Recovery — Right of set-off]

[Contract — Breach]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Implied terms — Duty to cooperate]

[Contract — Prevention principle]

[Contract — Termination]

  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Koon Yee Mickey

  
v

  

Mah Sau Cheong

[2022] SGHC(A) 33

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 57 of 2021  
Quentin Loh JAD, See Kee Oon J and Chua Lee Ming J  
2 November 2021

30 September 2022 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal centres on whether a share purchase agreement (“SPA”), signed
between the appellant, Ng Koon Yee Mickey (“Ng”), and the respondent, Mah Sau
Cheong (“Mah”), on 13 November 2013, had been validly terminated by Mah. The
appellant appeals the decision of the Judge of the General Division of the
High Court (the “Judge”) handed down orally in Mah Sau Cheong v Ng Koon Yee
Mickey HC/S 506/2018 (28 April 2021) (the “Judgment”). The Judge found that
Mah had validly terminated the SPA and was thereby entitled to two tranches of
payments that he had made to Ng pursuant to the SPA. For the reasons set out
below, we allow the appeal.

Facts

2 HC/S 506/2018 (“Suit 506”) was first commenced by Mah, who brought claims
against Ng for sums he had disbursed to Ng under three agreements dated 29 May
2013 (the “Agreements”): (a) S$241,800; (b) RMB 1m (approximately S$209,734);
and (c) RMB 2m (approximately S$419,468) (collectively, the “Disbursed Sums”).
As the proceedings progressed, Ng eventually conceded that he was liable for
the Disbursed Sums, but claimed that his liability should be set off against a
sum that Mah owed to him under the SPA (the Judgment at [2]–[3]).

3 Under the SPA, Ng agreed to sell his then-5% shareholding in Enersave
International (HK) Ltd (“Enersave International”) to Mah. Enersave
International was the parent company of Xianda Holdings (HK) Ltd, which in
turn owned Xianda (Tianjin Seawater Resources Development Co Ltd) (the “Xianda
SPV”). These related companies were corporate vehicles used to carry out the
Nangang Project, which concerned the production of desalinated seawater and
other types of water products in Nangang (the “Nangang Project”) (the Judgment
at [5]). The Nangang Project was initially founded by Ng and two other
colleagues (the “Founding Members”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Case (4 Aug 2021) (“AC”) at para 7.

Sometime in 2011, Mah was approached to invest in the Nangang Project and
Mah’s initial involvement was therefore to provide funding to it. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AC at para 9; Respondent’s Case (3 Sep 2021) (“RC”) at para 11.

At the time of the execution of the SPA, Mah held 80% of the shares in
Enersave International, whilst Ng held 5% and the remaining 15% was held by
the other two founders. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AC at para 16; RC at para 10.

Mah’s shareholding later increased to more than 90% (the Judgment at [5]). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) (Vol 3A) at p 32 (para 126).

Mah later removed the Founding Members, including Ng, as directors of Enersave
International by July to August 2016, and appointed persons related to himself
to the board (the Judgment at [27]).

4 As part of the Nangang Project, an operational agreement was required to be
executed (the “Operational Agreement”). The contracting parties to the
agreement were the Xianda SPV and the Committee of TEDA-Tianjin Economic-
Technological Development Area (Nangang Industrial Zone) (“TEDA”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA (Vol 3A) at p 34 (para 131).

Mah acknowledged that he was one of the directors of the Xianda SPV but
claimed that he was not involved in the day-to-day affairs and/or operational
matters relating to the Nangang Project, or the negotiations, finalising and
signing of the Operational Agreement. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA (Vol 3A) at p 34 (para 132).

Unsurprisingly, Ng disputed this and argued that Mah played a key role in the
negotiations, finalising and signing of the agreement. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA (Vol 3B) at p 36 (para 102).

5 Under the SPA, Mah agreed to purchase Ng’s then-5% shareholding in Enersave
International for RMB 13m, to be paid in three tranches of an initial deposit
of RMB 2m (the “Tranche 1 Payment”); a cash payment of RMB 3m (the “Tranche 2
Payment”) and a final cash payment of RMB 8m (the “Tranche 3 Payment) (the
Judgment at [6]). The conditions of payment are set out at Article 1.2.1 of
the SPA: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (4 Aug 2021) (“ACB”) (Vol 2) at p 168.

1.2.1 Terms and Conditions of Payment

The above-mentioned purchase price is payable as follows:

a) Initial Deposit

The Purchaser has already remitted to the Vendor/ in the amount of Chinese
Yuan Two Million (RMB2.0 million) as initial deposit, the Vendor hereby
acknowledges receipt of this amount as exhibited in Appendix 1;

b) Cash Payment

Chinese Yuan Three Million (RMB 3.0 million) shall be payable by 18th November
2013 or within one month from the date of signing of the Investment
Collaboration Agreement, whichever date is later pertaining to the Nangang
Project between XIANDA and the Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area
(hereinafter referred to as “TEDA”);

c) Final Cash Payment

Chinese Yuan Eight Million (RMB8.0 million) shall be payable within two month
from the Closing Date subject to the execution of the relevant transfer
documents by the Parties for the transfer and registration of the Purchase
Shares with the relevant authorities in Hong Kong.

6 Article 4.7 gave Mah the “sole discretion” to terminate the SPA if the
“Closing Date” did not materialise on or before 24 October 2014, and provided
that in the event of termination, the initial deposit (ie, the Tranche 1
Payment in Article 1.2.1(a)) and cash payment (ie, the Tranche 2 Payment in
Article 1.2.1(b)) would be repaid by way of a term loan:

4.7 Time shall be of the essence of this Agreement. The Purchaser shall at his
sole discretion to terminate this agreement if the Closing Date shall not be
materialized on or before 24th October 2014. In the event of termination by
the Purchaser, the Initial Deposit and Cash Payment made to the Vendor shall
be converted into a Term Loan to be repaid on or before 24th October 2016.

7 The “Closing Date” as stated in Article 1.2.1(c) in respect of the Tranche 3
Payment, and referred to in Article 4.7, is defined in Article 4.1 of the SPA:

4.1 The closing shall take place on the day the conditions pertaining to the
Nangang Project between XIANDA and TEDA/relevant authorities as follows are
obtained: -

(a) the signing of the Operational Agreement; and

(b) the obtaining of the Approval of the Feasibility Study Report

(hereinafter referred to as the “Closing Date”).

8 Mah made the Tranche 1 and 2 Payments to Ng but not the Tranche 3 Payment.
Mah had also earlier extended the deadline for the Closing Date from 24
October 2014 to 24 October 2015, and thereafter to 24 October 2016 (the
“Deadline”) (the Judgment at [9]).

9 The approval of the Feasibility Study Report, as required under Article
4.1(b), was completed in mid-2014 prior to the Deadline. The signing of the
Operational Agreement (as required under Article 4.1(a)) only took place on 3
November 2016 after the Deadline (the Judgment at [16]).

10 On 21 October 2016, Mah sent an email to Ng attaching a letter, stating
that the SPA would be terminated if the Closing Date did not materialise by
the Deadline (the “21 October Letter”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ACB (Vol 2) at pp 190–191.

Parties’ cases below

11 Mah submitted that he had validly terminated the SPA and sought the return
of the Tranche 1 and 2 Payments. Ng responded that Mah had no right to
terminate the SPA as the Closing Date had in fact materialised. Even if Mah
had such a right, the right had not been properly exercised as Mah did not
give him a valid notice of termination. Further and alternatively, Mah had
breached his duty to cooperate and was therefore precluded from terminating
the SPA. He therefore denied that he was liable to repay the Tranche 1 and 2
Payments.

12 Ng further submitted that Mah’s obligation to make the Tranche 3 Payment
had been triggered upon the signing of the Operational Agreement, and
therefore counterclaimed against Ng for the Tranche 3 Payment, less any
amounts he owed to Mah under the Agreements. In respect of set-off, Ng argued
that the defence of legal set-off would operate by law to extinguish Mah’s
claim. Alternatively, the court’s orders for Ng to pay the Disbursed Sums and
for Mah to make the Tranche 3 Payment would be set off against each other as a
matter of practicality. There was therefore no need to consider whether Mah’s
claim would be extinguished by equitable set-off; but Ng claimed that he would
have been able to show, in any event, that there was a close connection
between the Disbursed Sums and the counterclaim such that it would be
manifestly unjust for the sums not to be set off against each other.

Decision below

13 The Judge found that Mah had validly terminated the SPA and was thereby
entitled to reclaim the Tranche 1 and 2 Payments. First, since the Operational
Agreement was signed only after the Deadline, the Closing Date had not
materialised by 24 October 2016 and Mah had a right to terminate the SPA. The
Judge rejected Ng’s contention that Article 4.7, in requiring the Closing Date
to “materialise”, only meant that the signing of the Operational Agreement”
had to be a “practical likelihood” by the Deadline (the Judgment at
[18]–[19]).

14 Second, Mah had properly exercised his right to terminate the SPA. The
Judge rejected Ng’s submission that Mah’s purported notice of termination by
way of the 21 October Letter was ineffective because Mah’s right to terminate
the SPA had not arisen at the time, and that Mah did not give notice to
terminate thereafter. The Judge held that this case had not been pleaded by
Ng. Assuming that Mah was required to give notice to Ng that he was
terminating the SPA, the letter would be deemed to have reached Ng on 26
October 2016 pursuant to Article 4.5, which was after the Deadline (the
Judgment at [22]–[23]). Article 4.5 provided that:

Any notice, direction or other instrument aforesaid, if delivered shall be
deemed to have been given or made on the date on which it was delivered or
[if] mailed shall be deemed to have been given or made on the third business
day following the day on which it was mailed.

[emphasis added by the Judge]

15 Third, the Judge found that Mah did not breach his duty to take reasonable
steps to procure the signing of the Operational Agreement by the Deadline.
Even though Mah had fixed the signing of the agreement on a date that was
after the Deadline, the objective evidence did not show that Mah could
reasonably have procured the signing on an earlier date (the Judgment at
[26]–[30]).

16 Given that Mah had validly terminated the SPA, it would follow that he was
not liable for the Tranche 3 Payment. It would also follow that there was
nothing against which Mah’s claim for the Disbursed Sums could be set off. The
Judge therefore found that Ng was liable to repay Mah the Disbursed Sums under
the Agreements, as well as the Tranche 1 and 2 Payments under the SPA.

Parties’ cases on appeal

Notice of termination

17 In respect of whether Mah had given Ng notice of termination, Ng submitted
that Article 4.7 did not provide for automatic termination of the SPA but
instead gave Mah a discretion to terminate it. In order to exercise this
discretion, Mah had to specifically communicate to Ng his decision to
terminate the SPA. However, the 21 October Letter did not constitute such
valid communication for two reasons. First, the letter did not constitute a
clear and unequivocal notice of termination, but was merely an expression of
intent. Second, the letter had no effect as it was sent before the right to
terminate the SPA had accrued. In this regard, Ng submitted that the deeming
provision in Article 4.5 could not affect the substantive validity of a
notice. He also disputed that the 21 October Letter was sent by registered
mail, as there was no factual basis to support this finding. The Judge had
also presumed that Mah’s notice of termination would take effect upon receipt
by Ng, but this was not a foregone conclusion as Mah did not plead that the 21
October Letter took effect from 26 October 2016. Finally, if two identical
notices are served through different modes, the receipt of the earlier notice
would be taken as the date or time of service.

18 In response, Mah argued that the Judge had rightly found that Article 4.7
gave him the right to terminate the SPA. According to Mah, it followed from
such a right that he did not have to give notice of termination. There was
also no provision in the SPA that required Mah to issue a notice. Even if,
taking Ng’s case at its highest, Mah had to exercise his discretion to
terminate the SPA, Mah had provided proper and valid notice of termination to
Ng by way of his 21 October Letter. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RC at paras 80–93.

19 Mah further submitted that the 21 October Letter was a valid notice of
termination as it clearly and unequivocally sought to effect termination.
First, Mah argued that the wording of the 21 October Letter itself made that
clear, as it stated that the SPA shall be terminated upon the occurrence of a
certain event, namely the Closing Date not materialising. Second, a notice
would be invalid if issued prematurely only in cases where (i) there was an
express provision in the contract that notice of termination must be given in
the event of a default or (ii) a premature notice would cause prejudice to the
defaulting party, such as causing him to have less time to remedy the breach.
On the facts, there was no requirement for notice to be given under the SPA.
Even if the notice had been issued prematurely, no prejudice had been caused
to Ng in any event since termination was to be exercised at Mah’s sole
discretion. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RC at paras 102–127.

Mah’s entitlement to terminate the SPA

20 Ng submitted that the common law prevention principle precluded Mah from
terminating the SPA before 3 November 2016 (when the Operational Agreement was
signed). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AC at para 84.

The prevention principle had been triggered as Mah had breached his duty to
cooperate under the SPA, under which he was obliged to take steps to get the
Operational Agreement signed by 24 October 2016. Ng cited the Judge’s finding
that Mah was required to take reasonable steps to procure the signing of the
agreement by 24 October, and submitted that this finding was consistent with
the express term in Article 4.2 of the SPA and with case law. Mah had breached
this duty as he had taken no steps to ensure the agreement would be signed by
24 October. Ng further argued that any doubt regarding whether the agreement
could reasonably have been signed by 24 October should be resolved in favour
of Ng, and that an adverse inference should be drawn against Mah as he had
committed an egregious breach of discovery obligations.

21 Further or alternatively, Mah could not rely on the lapse of the Deadline
to terminate the SPA, as it was his own action that caused the lapse. As it
was Mah’s decision to have the signing of the Operational Agreement coincide
with the visit of then-Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak (“PM Najib”),
which rendered the signing of the agreement by 24 October an impossibility, he
could not derive any rights flowing from that impossibility which he
unilaterally created. Mah’s act had therefore set time at large, such that he
could not terminate the SPA before 3 November 2016.

22 Finally, Ng submitted that Mah’s right to terminate the SPA had not arisen,
as the word “materialise” in Article 4.7, “as a matter of plain English”,
should mean “to make material” or to “come into perceptible existence”. If the
word had been so interpreted, the Closing Date would have materialised by 21
October 2016 at the latest, when PM Najib confirmed his arrival on 3 November
2016. As the word “materialise” had been inserted by Mah in a provision
intended solely for his benefit, applying the contra proferentem rule, any
uncertainly in its meaning should be construed against Mah.

23 In response, Mah submitted that Article 4.2 did not expressly provide that
he had a duty to cooperate and that, in any event, Ng’s pleaded case was that
such a duty was implied. Even if he had a duty to cooperate, he did not breach
such a duty. Mah submitted that he had invested a significant amount of money
into the Nangang Project and, therefore, it would make no commercial sense for
him to delay the project. Ng’s case that Mah had taken no steps to ensure that
the Operational Agreement would be signed by 24 October 2016 was inconsistent
with the evidence and the Judge’s findings of fact. Finally, Mah submitted
that the word “materialise” in Article 4.7 should mean to “occur” or “take
place”, as any other interpretation would be too uncertain and would not
represent the parties’ intentions at the time the SPA was negotiated and
executed. As such, the Closing Date did not materialise by the Deadline.

Set-off

24 Ng argued that, if he succeeded in any of his arguments such that the SPA
was not terminated, he would be entitled to the Tranche 3 Payment and the
defence of set-off would apply. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions (4 Oct 2021) at pp 12–13.

If, however, Mah succeeded in the appeal, the issue of set-off would not
arise.

Issues to be determined

25 The following issues arise for our determination on appeal:

(a) Whether Mah had validly terminated the SPA, which entailed two sub-issues:

(i) Whether Mah had given Ng valid notice to terminate; and

(ii) Whether Mah was entitled to terminate the SPA pursuant to Article 4.7;
and

(b) If Mah had not validly terminated the SPA, whether Ng’s counterclaim for
the Tranche 3 Payment should be set off against Mah’s claim for the Disbursed
Sums (the “Set-off Issue”).

26 We address these issues in turn.

Whether Mah had validly terminated the SPA

Preliminary issue

27 As a preliminary issue, we consider Ng’s submission that the Judge had
erred in finding that he did not plead, in his Defence, that Mah had failed to
provide notice of termination to Ng.

28 We begin with the parties’ pleadings. In Mah’s Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1), it was pleaded that: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA (Vol 2) at p 60.

20\. By way of a letter dated 21 October 2016 (the “21 Oct 2016 Letter”), the
Plaintiff issued a letter to the Defendant stating inter alia that if the
Closing Date (as defined in the SPA and subsequently amended pursuant to the
parties’ mutual written consent on 21 October 2015) was not materialized on 24
October 2016, the SPA shall be terminated without any further extension.

21\. The Defendant failed and/or refused to respond to the 21 Oct 2016 Letter
and the events described at Clause 4.1 of the SPA as conditions for the
Closing Date to materialize were not materialized by 24 October 2016.

22\. In the premises, pursuant to Clause 4.7 of the SPA, the Plaintiff
terminated the SPA at his sole discretion.

23\. Following the termination of the SPA, and in accordance with Clause 4.7
of the SPA, the initial deposit of RMB 2 million and the subsequent cash
deposit of RMB 3 million was converted to a term loan and was to be repaid by
the Defendant to the Plaintiff on or before 24 October 2016.

29 In Ng’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2), it was pleaded that: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA (Vol 2) at pp 68–69 and 71.

8B. Paragraph 9 of the SOC is admitted. The Defendant avers that he did not
meet the requests in the Plaintiff’s letters because the claims therein, which
arise from the Agreements had been set-off by an express and/or implied
agreement between that parties.

PARTICULARS

…

(l) On or about 3 November 2016, the Operation Agreement was signed. Pursuant
to Article 4.1 of the SPA, the Plaintiff (ie, Mah) was obliged to pay the
Defendant (ie, Ng) RMB 8,000,000 within 2 months of 3 November 2016 (subject
to any set-off).

(i) The Plaintiff is estopped from relying on Article 4.7 of the SPA to
terminate the SPA on the basis that the Operation Agreement was signed after
24 October 2016 inter alia because his actions have set time at large.

…

(vi) Further and alternatively, it was an implied term of the SPA that the
parties would co-operate with each other to secure the performance of the SPA
and that neither the Plaintiff nor the Defendant would, by his own act or
default, prevent the occurrence of the Closing Date, thereby preventing
performance of the SPA…

(vii) Further and alternatively, the Plaintiff had waived his right to
terminate the SPA pursuant to Article 4.7 of the SPA because the Plaintiff
allowed time to go by and did not make time the essence again before the
Operational Agreement was signed on 3 November 2016.

…

9J. Paragraph 20 of the SOC is denied. The Defendant avers that sometime on or
around 21 October 2016, the Plaintiff wrote to the Defendant stating, inter
alia, that he “shall at his sole discretion terminate the SPA if the Closing
Date under the SPA shall not be materialized on or before October 24, 2016”
and that “if the Closing Date is not materialized on October 24, 2016, the SPA
shall be terminated without any further extension”.

9K. Paragraph 21 of the SOC is denied. Paragraph 8B above is repeated.

9L. Paragraphs 22, 23 and 24 of the SOC are denied. Paragraphs 8B above and
paragraphs 30 to 33 below are repeated.

30 Ng’s case as pleaded, therefore, was that Mah should not be entitled to
terminate the SPA because he was estopped from doing so, or that he had
attempted to do so in breach of an implied term to cooperate, or that he had
waived his right to do so. He did not plead that Mah failed to provide a
proper notice of termination and was therefore not entitled to terminate the
SPA.

31 Ng’s defence that Mah did not issue a proper notice of termination and was
therefore precluded from doing so first surfaced in his opening statement: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA (Vol 4A) at pp 133–135.

23\. The corollary was that Mah could exercise his right to terminate only
upon notice given to Mickey. This makes sense, since Mickey might have no
insight into whether or when the Operational Agreement was signed or the
Feasibility Study Report approved; and that upon termination Mickey would have
become obliged to repay Mah the RMB 5,000,000 advanced earlier. Notice of
termination would give Mickey the required clarity and certainty.

24\. A party seeking to exercise an option to terminate must strictly comply
with any conditions precedent to its exercise. If a party gives a termination
notice before his right to issue that notice has accrued, that notice is
premature and has no effect.

…

30\. In the present case, clause 4.7 of the SPA is clear: Mah’s right to
terminate the SPA arose and could be exercised only if the Closing Date has
not materialized “on or before 24 October [2016].”

31\. But Mah had not given any notice of termination. In the alternative,
Mah’s purported notice was given 3 days earlier on 21 October 2016. Mah’s
right to terminate had not arisen at that time.

[emphasis in original]

32 In our judgment, Ng was entitled to rely on this defence (which the Judge
too had, in any event, gone on to consider). The spirit of the regime of
pleadings is to ensure that parties are aware of the arguments against them
and that neither party would therefore be caught by surprise (see Liberty Sky
Investments Ltd v Aesthetic Medical Partners Pte Ltd and other appeals and
another matter [2020] 1 SLR 606 at [15]–[17]). In this case, we note that
first, Mah had to prove his case that he had validly terminated the SPA,
whether by the 21 October Letter or otherwise. Second, the defence that a
valid notice of termination had not been issued was raised early in the trial
in Ng’s opening statement. Third, Mah had addressed this defence in his Reply
Submissions for Suit 506, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA (Vol 4B) at pp 213–215 (at paras 56–63).

even though he objected to it being raised only in the opening statement. In
our view, there is no prejudice to Mah as he could not be said to have been
caught by surprise, and no substantial injustice had been caused to him. We
therefore allow Ng to rely on this argument on appeal.

Whether Mah had given valid notice to terminate

33 We turn to the issue of whether Mah had given Ng valid notice to terminate
the SPA. As stated above, Ng argued that the 21 October Letter was invalid
because it was not a clear and unequivocal notice of termination; and that
even if it was, the letter had no effect as it was sent prematurely.

34 At the outset, we disagree with Mah’s submission that there was an
automatic right of termination under the SPA and that he did not have to give
notice to Ng to terminate it. Whether a contract would be automatically
terminated upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of a specified event is
dependent on the construction of the contract. For example, in New Zealand
Shipping Co Ltd v Société des Ateliers et Chantiers de France [1919] AC 1
(“New Zealand Shipping Co Ltd”), the builders entered into a contract to
construct a steamer for a shipping company. The contract provided that should
the builders be unable to deliver the steamer by a stipulated date, the
contract would become void, and all moneys paid by the shipping company would
be returned. Lord Finlay LC and Lord Atkinson reasoned that, considering the
plain wording and natural meaning of the clause, the contract would become
void when the stipulated deadline was not met, subject to the principle that a
party shall not take advantage of his own wrong (at 8–11).

35 In contrast, Article 4.7 of the SPA gave Mah the sole discretion to
terminate if the Closing Date did not materialise by the Deadline. On its
plain wording, the SPA afforded Mah a choice as to whether to terminate the
SPA upon the Closing Date not materialising. It would follow that this
discretion had to be exercised and communicated to Ng. Nothing in the wording
of the SPA suggested that the agreement would be terminated automatically
should the Deadline not be met.

36 Mah relied on the 21 October Letter as his notice to Ng that he had
terminated the SPA. Ng submitted that the letter was invalid because it was
sent before Mah’s right to terminate the SPA had accrued. In our view, the
substance of Ng’s submission was that Mah’s termination of the SPA on 21
October 2016 was invalid.

37 In Afovos Shipping v Pagnan [1983] 1 WLR 195 (“Afovos Shipping”), the
plaintiff owners let a ship to the defendant charterers under a charterparty.
Clause 5 of the charterparty stated that payment of the hire was to be made in
accordance with stipulated conditions, “otherwise failing the punctual and
regular payment of the hire … the owners shall be at liberty to withdraw the
vessel from the service of the charterers”. Clause 31 further provided that
“when hire is due and not received the owners before exercising the option of
withdrawing the vessel from the charterparty will give charterers 48 hours
notice, Saturdays, Sundays and holidays excluded and will not withdraw the
vessel if the hire is paid within these 48 hours”. On the last day of paying
the instalment for the hire, the plaintiff owners purported to exercise their
rights under Clause 31 by sending a notice through their agents to the
defendant charterers as follows:

Owners have instructed us that in case we do not receive the hire which is due
today, to give charterers notice as per clause 31 of the charterparty for
withdrawal of the vessel from their service.

38 The House of Lords held that the notice given was invalid as it had been
issued before the charterers had breached their obligation to pay the hire.
Lord Hailsham (with whom the rest of the House agreed) explained his reasoning
as follows (at 199):

… Both the grammatical meaning of clause 31 and the policy considerations
underlying the contract require that the moment of time at which the 48 hours’
notice must be given did not arise until after the moment of time at which,
apart from the clause, the right of withdrawal would have accrued. … The
notice can only be given “when hire is due and not received,” which cannot
arise before the time postulated by the answer given to the first question
(ie, the time when the right of withdrawal would have arisen under the
charter) (whatever that answer may be), and notice can only be given when
there is (or apart from the clause 31 would be) already in existence, an
“option” capable of exercise “withdrawing the vessel from the charterparty,”
and that option can only be exercised after the arrival of the same point of
time.

39 The notice given by the plaintiff owners in Afovos Shipping was similar to
that given by Mah in the 21 October Letter, in that it indicated their
intention to exercise the option under the contract (in Afovos Shipping, to
withdraw the vessel) if the stipulated condition (payment of the hire)
remained unfulfilled at the point when the right to exercise such option
arose. However, the House of Lords considered that the “grammatical wording”
of the relevant clause, as well as the policy considerations surrounding the
48 hours’ notice, were such that notice could only be given after the right to
withdraw the vessel had arisen.

40 In Wardley v Datin Chong Mooi Lan and another (administratrix and
administrator of the estate of Dato Tong Lee Hwa, deceased) [1993] 1 SLR(R)
469 (“Wardley”), the appellant Wardley agreed to sell a property to one Dato
Tong Lee Hwa or his agreed assignee. The court found that cl 29 of the Law
Society’s Conditions of Sale 1981 (“Society’s Conditions”) applied to the sale
of the property. Clause 29(2) of the Society’s Conditions provided that:

If the sale shall not be completed on the date fixed for completion either
party may on that date or at any time thereafter (unless the contract shall
first have been rescinded or become void) give to the other party notice in
writing to complete the transaction in accordance with this condition but such
notice shall only be effective if the party giving the same at the time the
notice is sent is either ready, able and willing to complete or is not so
ready, able and willing by reason of the default or omission of the other
party to the contract.

[emphasis added]

41 The court found that the notice served by Wardley was premature and
ineffective, as Wardley served his notice to complete before the date fixed
for completion had passed. Wardley served his notice on 8 December 1984, which
was also the date fixed for completion. At that point, his right to serve the
notice had not arisen and he was therefore not entitled to serve the notice to
complete (at [14]). The court reasoned as follows (at [14]):

… To our mind, the provision of sub-cl (2) of cl 29 is very clear. The
commencement part of sub-cl (2) provides for a contingency, namely: if the
sale shall not be completed on the date fixed for completion, and only on the
occurrence of such contingency, does the right of either party (to the
contract) to give to the other the notice to complete, which is contained in
the ensuing part of that subclause, arise. … In our opinion, this is the
proper construction of sub-cl (2). The right of the appellants to serve the
notice to complete under sub-cl (2) of cl 29 would only arise, if, as provided
in sub-cl (2), the sale is not completed on 8 December 1984. At the time when
the appellants served the notice to complete, the date fixed for completion
had not passed and the event that the sale was not completed on the date fixed
for completion had not occurred.

[emphasis added]

42 The court in Wardley thus construed cl 29(2) of the conditions and found
that the right to serve the notice to complete would arise only if the sale
were not completed on the stipulated date. Prior to the passing of the date
fixed for completion, any notice served would be ineffectual.

43 In Maredelanto Compania Naviera SA v Bergbau-Handel GmbH, The Mihalis
Angelos [1971] 1 QB 164 (“Maredelanto”), a ship was chartered to proceed to
Haiphong to load a cargo. Clause 11 of the charterparty provided that: “Should
the vessel not be ready to load (whether in berth or not) on or before July
20, 1965, charterers have the option of cancelling this contract, such option
to be declared, if demanded, at least 48 hours before vessel’s expected
arrival at port of loading”. On 17 July, the charterers purported to cancel
the charterparty on grounds of force majeure, though on appeal, they argued
that they were entitled to do so under Clause 11. The majority of the Court of
Appeal for England and Wales (“EWCA”) found that they were not entitled to
cancel the charterparty on 17 July pursuant to Clause 11. The majority held
that the charterers were given an option, for their benefit, and that this
option would be exercisable only when the condition was fulfilled, ie, if the
vessel was not ready to load on 20 July. Megaw LJ (with whom Davies LJ agreed)
reasoned as follows (at 208):

It might perhaps be permissible to give the charterers' construction to the
words of the clause, though I think that it would properly be described as a
bold construction, if so to do would make the clause a substantially more
sensible instrument for carrying out the general purpose for which it was
introduced. But I think that counsel for the owners is right in his submission
that the bold construction - the reading in of the words which are not there
does not have that effect. It involves reading in also a thought which was not
present to the minds of the parties and which in my view is not necessary to
give the clause sensible legal and practical effect. If the charterers are
confident that the vessel is going to miss her cancelling date, and for some
reason are minded to put an end to the charterparty before that date has
arrived, there is nothing whatever to prevent them from asking the owners to
agree that the charterparty should be cancelled. That does not require clause
11. … Without any forced construction of the clause, the charterers can, if
they are confident of the non-arrival of the vessel by the cancelling date, go
ahead and make whatever arrangements they wish in anticipation of exercising
their option under the clause when the cancelling date arrives. Of course, if
they prove wrong in their forecast of the vessel's arrival, and if the vessel
in fact, after all, makes the cancelling date, the charterers will be in
trouble if they have already made other arrangements. But that is not a good
ground for giving a bold interpretation to the clause. … No conceivable harm
would have been done to them if they had waited until July 20, and then
invoked the cancelling clause. The bold construction is called for by the
charterers, not because the natural construction leads to practical
difficulty, but in order to try to save themselves from the consequences of
their own error …

[emphasis added]

44 The above cases thus demonstrate two key points. First, in determining when
a right to exercise an option arises, the court’s primary concern is with the
construction of the contractual clauses in question. Based on the wording of
the clauses in each of the above cases, such a right could only be exercised
after the occurrence or non-occurrence of certain specific events. Any notice
that was given prior to when such a right had accrued was deemed to be
premature and invalid. This was the case even if the notice, like that in
Afovos Shipping, was conditional upon the non-occurrence of the specified
event. Second, in construing the relevant clauses, the courts took into
account the context of each contract. In Afovos Shipping, the House of Lords
considered the policy considerations in relation to the 48 hours’ timeframe in
deciding whether the notice given could constitute a valid notice of
withdrawal. In Maredelanto, the court similarly considered whether the
“natural construction” of the contract would lead to practical difficulty or
result in “conceivable harm” to the charterers, if they were not allowed to
cancel the charterparty prior to the stipulated date.

45 In our judgment, the above cases are equally applicable to the question of
whether Mah’s termination of the SPA was valid. It is apparent from the
wording of Article 4.7 (as amended by the deadline extensions) that Mah’s
right to terminate the SPA only arose after 24 October 2016, if the Closing
Date did not materialise by then. On the facts, Mah’s termination of the SPA
on 21 October 2016 was invalid because the specified event (ie, the
Operational Agreement not being signed by 24 October 2016) had not occurred.
Therefore, Mah’s termination of the SPA on 21 October 2016 was invalid.
Consequently, the 21 October Letter had no effect since it was nothing more
than notice of an invalid termination.

46 In any event, the 21 October Letter was premature. The notice of
termination could be given only after a valid termination of the SPA. As
stated above, Mah’s right to terminate the SPA only arose after 24 October
2016. Consequently, Mah’s right to terminate the SPA arose only at that time,
and any notice given prior to that was ineffectual.

47 As for the context of the SPA, requiring Mah to give notice to Ng only
after the Deadline would not cause any prejudice to him. In fact, the Judge
had found (and we agree) that Mah was in the driver’s seat in the negotiations
for the signing of the Operational Agreement. He was therefore the party to
the SPA who had the requisite first-hand information in relation to the
signing. Like the charterers in Maredelanto, there was nothing precluding Mah
from getting Ng to agree to an earlier termination date, if Mah was certain
that the Operational Agreement would not be signed by the Deadline. There is
no reason to read Article 4.7 in a manner that would allow for early
termination, in order to give it legal or practical effect. Further, given
Mah’s role in the negotiations, it would have been reasonable for Ng to
believe that Mah was still working towards the signing of the OA, and that the
21 October Letter merely evinced an intention to terminate which Mah might not
necessarily follow through on. As such, with reference to the wording of
Article 4.7 and the context of the SPA, we are of the view that the 21 October
Letter, having been issued before 24 October 2016, was premature and invalid.

48 The Judge was further of the view that pursuant to Article 4.5, Ng would be
deemed to have received the 21 October Letter on 26 October 2016, which was
after the Deadline had passed. In this regard, Article 4.5, which we have
reproduced at [14] above but repeat here for convenience, provided that:

Any notice, direction or other instrument aforesaid, if delivered shall be
deemed to have been given or made on the date on which it was delivered or if
mailed shall be deemed to have been given or made on the third business day
following the day on which it was mailed.

49 Ng argued that the Judge was not entitled to make the assumption that the
21 October Letter had been sent to him by registered mail, as this factual
premise was unsupported by any evidence and rested only upon Mah’s bare
assertion. This was relevant as the deeming provision in Article 4.5 only
applied to a notice that had been mailed.

50 We agree with Ng that Mah had not proven that the 21 October Letter had
been sent to him by registered mail. The evidence showed that, on 21 October,
Ms Ayu emailed Ng, stating that: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA (Vol 3A) at p 136.

Dear Mickey,

I am sending this on behalf Mr Mah Sau Cheong. Kindly acknowledge receipt by
return email and the same would also be delivered to you via registered post.

Ms Ayu then enclosed the 21 October Letter in the said email. However, there
is no evidence that the 21 October Letter was in fact mailed to Ng via
registered post, and Ms Ayu had not been called as a witness. We also agree
with Ng that the issue of whether Mah had mailed the 21 October Letter had not
been put in issue, either in the pleadings, opening submissions or during the
trial. Thus, in our view, the Judge was not entitled to assume that the letter
had been sent to Ng via mail, and Article 4.5 therefore could not assist Mah.

51 Assuming, ex hypothesi, that Article 4.5 had been applicable, its effect
would have been that Ng would be deemed to have received the mailed copy of
the 21 October Letter on 26 October 2016. However, with respect, the deeming
provision has no application where the 21 October Letter was invalid because
Mah’s right to terminate the SPA had not accrued as of 21 October 2016.
Article 4.5 deemed the 20 October Letter as notice given on 26 October 2016;
however, the letter remained notice of an invalid termination.

52 For completeness, we note that Ng’s arguments focus on the validity of the
notice of termination, but Ng also argues that there was merely an expression
of intent at best. In substance, Ng contends that there was no decision to
terminate and thus he has also challenged the termination decision itself. In
our view, Ng has conflated the arguments on termination and notice of
termination, which engage different considerations. Be that as it may, we have
found that notice of termination was required in this case, and even if notice
was not required, as we have explained above, the termination would still have
been premature on the facts and thus invalid to begin with.

53 Putting aside the questions of whether the termination itself was premature
and whether the notice to terminate was valid, we proceed further to determine
the issue of whether Mah was entitled to terminate the SPA. The parties argued
this issue at length during the hearing before us.

Whether Mah was entitled to terminate the SPA

54 Ng’s case was that Mah was precluded from terminating the SPA as the
prevention principle had been triggered, owing to the breach of his duty to
cooperate. Further or alternatively, Mah could not rely on the lapse of the
Deadline to terminate the SPA as it was his act of getting the signing to
coincide with PM Najib’s visit that caused the lapse.

55 We begin by examining the applicable legal principles in relation to the
prevention principle.

Prevention principle

(1) The general position in English law

56 As noted by Professors Goh Yihan SC, Lee Pey Woan and Tham Chee Ho in
“Contract Law” (2020) 21 SAL Ann Rev 403 (“Contract Law (SAL Ann Rev)”), the
prevention principle is generally applied in the construction context. In a
recent case of North Midland Building Ltd v Cyden Homes Ltd [2018] EWCA Civ
1744 (“North Midland Building”), the EWCA considered how the prevention
principle came to be developed in the 19th Century, highlighting the cases of
Holme v Guppy (1838) 3 M&W 387 (“Holme v Guppy”) and Dodd v Churton [1897] 1
QB 562 (“Dodd v Churton”) (at [10]–[12]):

10 In the 19th Century, the courts concluded that it was wrong in principle
for an employer to hold a contractor to a completion date, and a concomitant
liability to pay liquidated damages, in circumstances where at least a part of
the subsequent delay was caused by the employer. Thus, in Holme v Guppy (1838)
3 M&W 387, the defendant failed to give possession of the site for 4 weeks
following execution of the contract. Parke B found that there were clear
authorities to the effect that “if the party be prevented by the refusal of
the other contracting party from completing the contract within the time
limited he is not liable in law for the default…”.

11 Similarly, in Dodd v Churton [1897] 1 QB 566, where the employer ordered
extra work which delayed completion. Lord Esher MR said:

“… where one party to a contract is prevented from performing it by the act of
the other, he is not liable in law for that default; and accordingly a well-
recognised rule has been established in cases of this kind, beginning with
Holme v Guppy, to the effect that, if the building owner has ordered extra
work beyond that specified by the original contract which has necessarily
increased the time requisite for finishing the work, he is thereby disentitled
to claim the penalties for non-completion provided by the contract.”

12 As a result of these decisions, construction contracts began to incorporate
extension of time clauses, which provided that, on the happening of certain
events (which included what might generically be described as ‘acts of
prevention’ on the part of the employer), the date for completion under the
contract would be extended, so that liquidated damages would only be levied
for the period after the expiry of the extended completion date. Such clauses
were not, as is sometimes thought, designed to provide the contractor with
excuses for delay, but rather to protect employers, by retaining their right
both to a fixed (albeit extended) completion date and to deduct liquidated
damages for any delay beyond that extended completion date.

57 In North Midland Building itself, the defendant employer and the claimant
contractor entered into an agreement, which contained a clause providing that,
where there was a delay caused by an event for which the contractor was not
responsible, and such delay was concurrent with another delay for which the
contractor was responsible, that delay would not be taken into account when
calculating any extension of time to the completion date that would be given
to the contractor (cl 2.25.1.3(b)). The court found that cl 2.25.1.3(b) was
unambiguous and allocated the risk of concurrent delay to the contractor, to
which the parties were entitled to agree. The clause therefore could not be
struck down or rendered inoperable by the prevention principle.

58 In Trollope and Colls Ltd v North West Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board
[1973] 1 WLR 601 (“Trollope”), Lord Pearson (with whom Lord Diplock, Lord
Guest and Lord Cross agreed) endorsed this section of Lord Denning MR’s
decision in the Court of Appeal (at 607):

It is well settled that in building contracts — and in other contracts too —
when there is a stipulation for work to be done in a limited time, if one
party by his conduct — it may be quite legitimate conduct, such as ordering
extra work — renders it impossible or impracticable for the other party to do
his work within the stipulated time, then the one whose conduct caused the
trouble can no longer insist upon strict adherence to the time stated. He
cannot claim any penalties or liquidated damages for non-completion in that
time.

59 In Multiplex Constructions (UK) Ltd v Honeywell Control Systems Ltd (No 2)
[2007] EWHC 447 (TCC), the High Court considered Dodd v Churton, Holme v
Guppy, Trollope as well as Peak Construction (Liverpool) Ltd v McKinney
Foundations Ltd (1970) 69 LGR 1, and derived several propositions in relation
to the prevention principle, including that “[a]ctions by the employer which
are perfectly legitimate under a construction contract may still be
characterised as prevention, if those actions cause delay beyond the
contractual completion date” (at [56]).

60 The prevention principle thus came to be developed in the context of
construction disputes. Specifically, the principle was invoked in relation to
the question of whether time would be set at large if the employer’s act of
prevention had caused a delay, such that the employer could no longer insist
on the contractually stipulated date for completion; and relatedly, whether
the employer would still be entitled to claim liquidated damages. This
position has also been helpfully summarised thus in Chitty on Contracts (Huge
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2021) (“Chitty on Contracts”) (at
para 39-115):

Construction contracts almost invariably stipulate a period or date for
commencement and/or completion. The contractor must be afforded the
opportunity to carry out the work within the stipulated period. Any act of
prevention, such as the ordering of variations or late access to working
areas, will release the contractor from the fixed period unless the contract
provides machinery for adjustment of the time period. The major consequence of
time becoming “at large” is that by operation of the so-called “prevention
principle” the employer thereby loses its ability to rely upon any liquidated
and ascertained damages clause in the contract. The prevention principle is
based on the notion that a promisee cannot insist upon the performance of an
obligation which he has prevented the promisor from performing. In a building
contract, acts of prevention (such as variation instructions) do not have to
amount to breaches of contract in order to trigger the application of the
prevention principle. However, for the act relied upon to amount to an act of
prevention, it must actually prevent the contractor from carrying out the
works within the contract period. Thus, in Adyard Abu Dhabi v SD Marine
Services it was held that where there were concurrent causes of delay (one the
contractor’s responsibility and the other the employer’s) the prevention
principle does not operate because the delay would have occurred anyway absent
the employer’s delay event happening.

[emphasis added; footnotes omitted]

61 The prevention principle has also been applied in a narrower fashion in a
separate line of authorities, in circumstances where a party had allegedly
committed a breach of a term of the agreement. In these cases, that party was
himself the reason for non-fulfilment of a condition under an agreement, and
an issue arises as to whether he would be entitled to claim a benefit under
the agreement or to avoid his obligations under it.

62 In Roberts v The Bury Improvement Commissioners (1870) LR 5 CP 310
(“Roberts”), the plaintiff contractor was contracted to erect buildings for
the defendant commissioners according to certain plans and drawings. The
commissioners sought to determine the contract on the basis of a contractual
term that gave them the right to do so should the contractor fail to “exercise
due diligence and make such due progress as would enable the works to be
effectually and efficiently completed at the time stipulated”. The majority of
the court found that the commissioners’ failure to issue instructions within a
reasonable time to the contractor, such that the contractor was unable to
begin his work, would amount to a breach of an implied term to do their part
within a reasonable time. As the delay had been occasioned by their own
breach, the commissioners could not determine the contract. It is “a principle
very well established at common law, that no person can take advantage of the
non-fulfilment of a condition the performance of which has been hindered by
himself … and also that he cannot sue for a breach of contract occasioned by
his own breach of contract, so that any damages he would otherwise have been
entitled to for the breach of the contract to him would immediately be
recoverable back as damages arising from his own breach of contract” (Roberts
at 325–326).

63 In New Zealand Shipping Co Ltd, the House of Lords upheld the decision of
the Court of Appeal that the builders of a steamer were not precluded from
alleging that the contract was void when the stipulated deadline for
construction could not be met, as the builders were prevented by causes beyond
their control from completing construction (see [34] above). Lord Finlay LC
explained his decision as follows (at 8):

Questions of this sort have often arisen in case of provisions that a lease
should be void on non-payment of rent or nonperformance of covenants by the
lessee. It has always been held that the lessee could not take advantage of
his own act or default to avoid the lease, and the expression generally
employed has been that such proviso makes the lease voidable by the lessor, or
void at the option of the lessor. The decisions on the point are uniform, and
are really illustrations of the very old principle laid down by Lord Coke (Co.
Litt. 206b) that a man shall not be allowed to take advantage of a condition
which he himself brought about. In the present case the builder was in no way
responsible for the non-completion within eighteen months, and there is no
reason why clause 12 should not be interpreted according to the natural
meaning of the words so as to render the contract void.

64 In Alghussein Establishment v Eton College [1988] 1 WLR 587 (“Alghussein”),
the House of Lords considered that it is “well established by a long line of
authority that a contracting party will not in normal circumstances be
entitled to take advantage of his own breach as against the other party” (at
591). This principle applied whether a party was seeking to take advantage of
his own wrong to obtain a benefit under a continuing contract or to avoid a
contract and thereby escape his obligations (at 594). On the facts in
Alghussein, the respondent landlords entered into an agreement with the
appellants’ predecessor in title, who later assigned their rights under the
agreement to the appellants. The agreement was for the grant of a 99-year
lease of land on which a development was to be erected. Under the agreement,
the tenants were required to use their best endeavours to complete the
development. However, cl 4 of the agreement provided that if the development
remained incomplete by a specified date for any reason due to the wilful
default of the tenants, the lease should forthwith be granted and completed.
The House of Lords found that despite the wording of cl 4, there was no clear
express provision in the agreement to exclude the presumption that it was not
the intention of the parties that either should be entitled to rely on his own
breach to obtain a benefit. Their Lordships upheld the decision of the court
below that the tenants, who were in wilful default resulting in the
development not being completed by the specified date, could not rely on cl 4
to insist on the grant of a lease to them.

65 Citing Roberts, New Zealand Shipping Co Ltd and Alghussein, para 6-145 of
Keating on Construction Contracts (Stephen Furst and Sir Vivian Ramsey gen
eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2021) (“Keating”) states thus:

Where one party has failed to perform a condition of the contract, the other
party cannot rely on its non-performance if it was caused by its own wrongful
acts. … To attract the principle that a party to a contract is not permitted
to take advantage of its own breach of duty, the duty must be one that is owed
to the other party under the contract. A duty, whether contractual or non-
contractual, owed to a stranger to the contract does not suffice. The
principle is probably a rule of construction and not an absolute rule of law.
It applies to a party seeking to obtain a benefit under a continuing contract
on account of its own breach as much as to a party who relies on its own
breach to avoid a contract and thereby escape its obligations.

[footnotes omitted]

66 Along similar lines, in Chitty on Contracts, Professor Ewan McKendrick
commented on this characterisation of the prevention principle as follows (at
para 15-113):

Party cannot rely on their own breach

It has been said that, as a matter of construction, unless the contract
clearly provides to the contrary it will be presumed that it was not the
intention of the parties that either should be entitled to rely on their own
breach of duty to avoid the contract or bring it to an end or to obtain a
benefit under it. This presumption applies only to acts or omissions which
constitute a breach by that party of an express or implied contractual
obligation, or (possibly) of a non-contractual duty, owed by them to the other
party. Breach of a duty, whether contractual or non-contractual, owed to a
stranger to the contract will not suffice. However, such a “principle of
construction” appears to be somewhat different in nature from the principle
that a document will be construed against the grantor. It may therefore be
that it is better regarded as depending on an implied term of the contract in
question or as one illustration of a more general principle that “[a] man
cannot be permitted to take advantage of his own wrong.”

[emphasis in original; footnotes omitted]

67 This line of cases and the academic texts make it clear that, in order to
trigger the prevention principle, the party seeking to avoid the agreement or
obtain a benefit under it must have committed a breach of duty as against the
other party.

(2) The position in Singapore law

68 The prevention principle appears to have been endorsed only fairly recently
by the Singapore courts.

69 The prevention principle was first explicitly recognised by the Singapore
courts in Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 634 (“Evergreat Construction”), where VK Rajah J (as he then
was) explained the principle as follows (at [51]):

In essence, even if the parties expressly provide that the contract shall ipso
facto determine upon the happening of a certain event, such a provision is to
be construed subject to the principle that no man can take advantage of his
own wrong, so that one party may not be allowed to rely on such a provision
where the occurrence of the event is attributable to his own act or default;
Chitty on Contracts at para 22-054. This principle is also referred to as the
“prevention principle” and is wedded to notions of fair play and commercial
morality. It offends all sensible norms of commercial intercourse to allow a
party in breach of its contractual obligations to rely on its very breach to
either evade responsibility or, even more farcically, to assert that the other
contracting party must also willy-nilly accept or sustain the consequences of
that breach.

70 Rajah J further held that, in order to invoke the prevention principle, it
“must be shown that the contractual right or benefit that a party is asserting
or claiming is a direct result of that party’s prior breach of contract”. As
the principle “seeks to prevent the contract breaker from seeking an
‘advantage arising from his default”, it follows that the “relevant breach,
the factual consequences flowing from the breach and the advantage the
contract breaker is seeking to raise must be identified” (Evergreat
Construction at [52]).

71 The prevention principle was subsequently considered and applied by the
High Court in Yap Boon Keng Sonny v Pacific Prince International Pte Ltd
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 385 (“Yap Boon Keng Sonny”). Prakash J (as she then was)
accepted that there was a “legal principle that a contractor’s obligation to
complete the works under a construction contract within a prescribed period of
time is premised on the requirement that he is not delayed by reason of any
‘acts of prevention’ committed by either the employer or his agent”. She
considered that an act of prevention is one which “operates to prevent, impede
or otherwise make it more difficult for a contractor to complete the works by
the date stipulated in the contract”, citing Chow Kok Fong, Law and Practice
of Construction Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2004) (“Chow on
Construction Contracts”) at p 401. The “legal consequence of an act of
prevention is that the date for completion originally stipulated in the
contract ceases to be the operating date for the completion of the works”. In
addition, the “employer’s right to claim or deduct liquidated damages is lost
since there is no longer a valid date for completion from which such damages
can be calculated” (at [34]).

72 In that case, the plaintiff homeowner signed a memorandum of agreement
(“MOA”) with the first defendant, a design and build contractor, for the
latter to design and construct a semi-detached house. The plaintiff claimed
that the completion was delayed, to which the first defendant argued that time
had been set at large by virtue of the plaintiff’s acts of prevention. Prakash
J found that the plaintiff homeowner’s actions prevented the works under the
MOA from being completed by the stipulated date. The homeowner’s decision not
to work with the recommended subcontractor and the amount of time taken to
find a substitute was the main cause of the delay. Whilst the homeowner was
entitled to find a substitute, he must have realised that his decision had
timing implications. As such, time had been set at large and the first
defendant had a reasonable time after the deadline to complete the works and
handover the property (at [40]–[41]).

73 The definition of an act of prevention adopted in Yap Boon Keng Sonny was
thereafter applied in Chua Tian Chu and another v Chin Bay Ching and another
[2011] SGHC 126 (“Chua Tian Chu”) (at [62]). Andrew Ang J considered that when
an employer or a purchaser had performed acts of prevention, in the absence of
an extension of time clause in the agreement, the contractual time for
completion would no longer be binding. Following from this, he similarly
considered that the right to claim liquidated damages under the contract for
any delay occasioned is lost as there would no longer be a fixed completion
date from which damages may be calculated (at [63]). He explained the
rationale of the prevention principle as follows (at [60]):

The equitable remedy afforded by the prevention principle is derived from the
well established legal maxim that no man shall take advantage of his own
wrong. Setting time at large ensures that whoever “prevents a thing from being
done shall not avail himself of the non-performance he has occasioned”: H
Broom, A Selection of Legal Maxims, Classified and Illustrated (8th Ed) at p
235. More recently, in Trollope & Colls Ltd v North West Metropolitan Regional
Hospital Board [1973] 1 WLR 601, Lord Denning MR sitting in the Court of
Appeal held as follows (at 607):

It is well settled that in building contracts – and in other contracts too –
when there is a stipulation for work to be done in a limited time, if one
party by his conduct – it may be quite legitimate conduct, such as ordering
extra work – renders it impossible or impracticable for the other party to do
his work within the stipulated time, then the one whose conduct caused the
trouble can no longer insist upon strict adherence to the time stated. He
cannot claim any penalties, or liquidated damages for non-completion in that
time.

[emphasis in original]

74 In that case, Mr Chua, one of the purchasers of a property, entered into a
sale and purchase agreement with the defendants, including one Mr Chin. The
defendants were the developers and the vendors of the property. The sale and
purchase of the property was delayed, giving the purchasers a prima facie
contractual entitlement to liquidated damages. Ang J found that Mr Chua had
impeded Mr Chin’s role as the developer of the property by appointing
independent design and carpentry contractors for interior décor and carpentry
works beyond that provided for under the agreement. His conduct was, at
minimum, in part responsible for the delay occasioned. Ang J therefore found
that time had been set at large (at [96]–[97]).

75 In Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd v LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd [2011] 4
SLR 455, the court emphasised that the delay in question must have resulted in
a delay in completion of the works before time would be set at large (at
[24]). The court made reference to Percy Bilton Ltd v Greater London Council
[1982] 1 WLR 794 (“Percy”), and explained the rationale for its decision as
follows (at [28]):

Lord Fraser [in Percy] made it quite clear, therefore, that if no delay in
completion is proven, the general rule applies and time is not set at large.
The reason for the consistent affirmation of the requirement that there must
be a failure to complete by the specified date is evident. While the principle
of time being set at large originated in the idea that liquidated damages for
delay in completion should not be imposed where the person claiming those
damages contributed to that delay, there is no reason to extend that principle
to situations where there is a mere delay in the progress of the works which
cannot, by definition, give rise to a claim to or deduction of liquidated
damages. In claiming or deducting liquidated damages, the employer would not
be taking advantage of his own wrong because his conduct was not proven to
have caused completion of the works to be delayed.

[emphasis in original]

76 Most recently, in Fundamental Investors Pte Ltd v Palm Tree Investment
Group Pte Ltd [2020] 4 SLR 1328 (“Fundamental Investors”), the High Court
found that the application of the prevention principle should not be limited
to contractual claims of a specific nature (at [134] and [135]). The court
distinguished two definitions of an act of prevention at [136]:

… In [Yap Boon Keng Sonny] at [34], an act of prevention was defined as an act
which “operates to prevent, impede, or otherwise make it more difficult for a
contractor to complete the works by the date stipulated in the contract”
[emphasis added]. A narrower definition was adopted in [Evergreat
Construction], where Rajah J held (at [52]) that “[i]n order to invoke this
principle it must be shown that the contractual right or benefit that a party
is asserting or claiming is a direct result of the party’s prior breach of
contract”.

[emphasis in original]

77 In this regard, the authors of Contract Law (SAL Ann Rev) considered
Fundamental Investors and noted that Rajah J in Evergreat Construction had
relied on the “common law” version of the prevention principle; whereas
Prakash J in Yap Boon Keng Sonny had applied the “equitable” version of it,
which was a “broader equitable notion of prevention” (at para 13.99). At para
13.100 of the same article, the authors note:

On a more general note, although the point was not considered in Fundamental
Investors, there may be a further question as to how the “equitable” and
“common law” versions of the prevention principle should interact with each
other. Historically, the contexts in which the “equitable” and “common law”
prevention principles operated appear to have been distinct. The former was
principally concerned with the question whether the exercise of a
contractually stipulated power to require payments of fixed sums of money by
way of liquidated damages due to failures to complete contracted-for works in
accordance with the contractual deadline might be barred, with more time given
to the promisor to perform. However, the latter common law principle was
principally concerned with the true construction of contractual terms
providing for the termination of the contract upon the non-performance of some
contractually required performance by a contracting party. So, instances where
both principles might simultaneously be in play might not be commonplace.

[emphasis added]

78 We note, however, that apart from Chua Tian Chu and arguably also
Fundamental Investors, there does not appear to be any other case authority
that expressly recognises the prevention principle as affording an “equitable
remedy”. In Yap Boon Keng Sonny, Prakash J did not refer to the prevention
principle in those terms. For that matter, the textbook cited by the learned
judge, Chow on Construction Contracts (see [71] above), did not make any such
reference either. Nevertheless, we are conscious that in his latest edition of
the same textbook, Chow Kok Fong (see Chow Kok Fong, Law and Practice of
Construction Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 5th Ed, 2018) adopts the
statement of Ang J in Chua Tian Chu and states that the court had considered
it to be an “equitable remedy”.

79 Before us, counsel for the respective parties did not venture any
discussion of the juridical basis of the prevention principle in their
submissions. In particular, counsel for Ng did not seek to rely on the
“equitable” version of the prevention principle. In substance, his submissions
are premised on the “common law” version of the prevention principle that was
adopted in cases such as Evergreat Construction, even though Chua Tian Chu was
also cited among the authorities in support of his arguments. Be that as it
may, the nuanced distinctions (if any) of the “equitable” or “common law”
versions were not argued before us. As such, it is inadvisable and unnecessary
for us to delve into further discussion of the juridical basis of the
prevention principle for present purposes. The question as to whether the
“equitable” conception of the prevention principle was correctly recognised in
Chua Tian Chu is perhaps best left for consideration and clarification (if
appropriate) in a suitable case in future, where the court might have the
benefit of hearing full arguments before arriving at a considered decision.

80 From our survey of the precedent cases set out above, the prevention
principle has been applied in different contexts, extending beyond the sphere
of building and construction contracts. The principle rests on the underlying
notion that a party cannot insist on his contractual rights when he had
himself caused the non-performance of a contractual event.

81 We further agree with the observations made by the EWCA in BDW Trading Ltd
(t/a Barratt North London) v JM Rowe (Investments) Ltd [2011] EWCA Civ 548 at
[31]:

Although there has been a certain amount of academic discussion as to whether
the principle has the status of a rule of law which is imposed upon the
parties to a contract almost regardless of what they have agreed, it is now
clear as a matter of authority that the application of the principle can be
excluded or modified by the terms of the contract and that its scope in any
particular case will depend upon the construction of the relevant agreement.

82 The application of the prevention principle can thus be excluded by an
express provision to the contrary or by the parties’ intentions as revealed by
the express contractual terms (see also Petroplus Marketing AG v Shell Trading
International Ltd [2009] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 611 at [17]).

(3) Operation of the prevention principle in this case

83 Mah does not dispute that the prevention principle is recognised under
Singapore law and that a duty to cooperate may be implied as a term of the
SPA. Ng’s case is that by the operation of the prevention principle, Mah was
precluded from relying on the fact of the Operational Agreement not having
been signed by the Deadline to terminate the SPA. In support of this argument,
Ng relies, inter alia, on Rajah J’s decision in Evergreat Construction,
adopting the principle which may be distilled from authorities such as
Roberts, New Zealand Shipping Co and Alghussein as well as academic texts such
as Keating and Chitty on Contracts, that a party cannot take advantage of
their own breach as against the other party. Given the context of the present
facts, we agree that this characterisation of the prevention principle would
potentially be applicable. Mah would not be able to avoid his obligations
under the SPA if the non-fulfilment of the condition (the signing of the
Operational Agreement) was attributable to his own breach of the SPA.

84 In this case, there are no express provisions in the SPA which precluded
the application of the prevention principle. Even though the SPA gave Mah the
sole discretion to terminate the SPA if the Closing Date did not materialise
by the stipulated date, nothing in the agreement indicated the parties’
intention to allow Mah to do so even if the Closing Date did not materialise
because of Mah’s own breach. Therefore, we are of the view that the prevention
principle would potentially apply in this case.

85 Having found thus, the question before us is whether Mah had committed a
breach of the SPA and was the cause of the Operational Agreement not having
been signed by the Deadline, such that he would be disentitled from relying on
Article 4.7 to terminate the SPA.

Whether Mah had an implied duty to cooperate

86 In order for the prevention principle to operate, it would have to be
shown, as stated in Evergreat Construction, that the contractual right or
benefit that Mah was asserting or claiming was a direct result of his prior
breach of contract. The relevant wrong which Ng seeks to rely on is the breach
of an implied duty to cooperate. Ng’s case is that Mah breached his duty to
cooperate as he did not take any steps to get the Operational Agreement signed
by 24 October 2016. As such, he should be precluded from relying on the non-
fulfilment of the condition to terminate the SPA. We begin with the legal
principles in relation to whether a duty to cooperate should be implied and if
so, the scope of such duty.

(1) Legal principles

(A) Basis for implying a duty to cooperate

87 The principles in relation to an implied duty to cooperate are not entirely
settled. In The One Suites Pte Ltd v Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd [2015] 3
SLR 695 (“The One Suites’), the Court of Appeal observed obiter (at [44]):

… Indeed, although most courts are in agreement that the seminal decision with
regard to this particular duty [on the part of the parties to cooperate] is
that of the House of Lords in Mackay v Dick (1881) 6 App Cas 251, the precise
legal basis might be debatable (given the different views expressed in the
case itself). The precise content and scope of that duty have also not been
considered by this court, although it has been considered in the Singapore
High Court in a few cases (most notably and (relatively) recently by V K Rajah
J (as he then was) in [Evergreat Construction]. Since [Evergreat
Construction], there have also been developments across the Commonwealth
(including Singapore) with regard to the doctrine of good faith. Indeed, one
key issue is what the relationship is (if any) between the duty on the part of
contracting parties to cooperate on the one hand and the doctrine of good
faith on the other. …

88 In relation to the question of whether a duty to cooperate should be a term
implied in law or in fact, the differences between them have been set out by
the Court of Appeal in Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and others
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 (“Ng Giap Hon”). As highlighted in Ng Giap Hon, the
implication of a term in law “would entail implying the same term in the
future for all contracts of the same type”, and this involves broader policy
considerations. As such, the court noted that “caution should be exercised on
the part of the court” before implying a “term implied in law” (at [46]). The
UK Supreme Court in Geys v Societe Generale, London Branch [2013] 1 AC 523
similarly considered at [55]:

In this connection, it is important to distinguish between two different kinds
of implied terms. First, there are those terms which are implied into a
particular contract because, on its proper construction, the parties must have
intended to include them: see Attorney General of Belize v Belize Telecom Ltd
[2009] UKPC 10, [2009] 2 All ER 1127, [2009] 1 WLR 1988. Such terms are only
implied where it is necessary to give business efficacy to the particular
contract in question. Second, there are those terms which are implied into a
class of contractual relationship, such as that between landlord and tenant or
between employer and employee, where the parties may have left a good deal
unsaid, but the courts have implied the term as a necessary incident of the
relationship concerned, unless the parties have expressly excluded it: see
Lister v Romford Ice & Cold Storage Co Ltd [1957] AC 555, [1957] 1 All ER 125,
[1957] 2 WLR 158; Liverpool City Council v Irwin [1977] AC 239, [1976] 2 All
ER 39, 74 LGR 392.

[emphasis added]

89 Thus, terms implied in fact are “implied into a particular contract in
order to give effect to the intention of the parties to the particular
contract in the light of the express terms of the contract, commercial common
sense and the factors known to both parties at the time of entry into the
contract” (Chitty on Contracts at para 16-005). In contrast, terms implied in
law are implied as a “necessary incident of a definable category of
contractual relationship” (see Lord Bridge in Scally v Southern Health and
Social Services Board [1992] 1 AC 294 at 307). The authors of Chitty on
Contracts note that “many such terms have become standardised for particular
classes of contract, so that it is somewhat artificial to attribute them to
the unexpressed intention of the parties to a particular contract in dispute”
(at para 16-005).

90 As noted in The One Suites, the implication of a duty to cooperate can be
traced back to the case of Mackay v Dick (1881) 6 App Cas 251 (“Mackay”). In
Mackay, Lord Blackburn reasoned that (at 263):

I think I may safely say, as a general rule, that where in a written contract
it appears that both parties have agreed that something shall be done, which
cannot effectually be done unless both concur in doing it, the construction of
the contract is that each agrees to do all that is necessary to be done on his
part for the carrying out of that thing, though there may be no express words
to that effect. What is the part of each must depend on circumstances.

91 In our judgment, a duty to cooperate is a term that is implied in fact and
not in law. Given the myriad factual situations in which a contract could be
said to have a provision requiring both parties to “concur in doing” something
to render the contract effectual, we do not think there is a “definable
category of contractual relationship” in which such a term can be implied as a
“necessary incident”. Further, whether a duty to cooperate should be implied
is dependent on the obligations imposed on each party in each particular
contract, the intentions of the parties at the point of entering into the
contract, and whether such a duty had to be implied to give the contract
efficacy. These principles have been consistently applied in precedent cases
(see [95]–[104] below). The inquiry is therefore a fact-specific one, rather
than one to be imposed in every contract in a particular class on the basis of
wider policy considerations.

92 We note that Lord Blackburn in Mackay appears to suggest that the duty to
cooperate is a “general rule” that would apply to a class of contracts in
which “both parties have agreed that something shall be done, which cannot
effectually be done unless both concur in doing”. In a recent decision of the
Supreme Court of Victoria in Adaz Nominees Pty Ltd v Castleway Pty Ltd [2020]
VSCA 201 (“Adaz”), the court appeared to consider the duty as one to be
implied in law (affirmed by the same court in Bensons Property Group Pty Ltd v
Key Infrastructure Australia Pty Ltd [2021] VSCA 69 at [108]). However, the
court reasoned that “‘[n]ecessity’ is the rationale for [its] existence and
the circumstance which must be ‘demonstrated’ for [it] to be operative” (Adaz
at [116]), and did not find that it should be a term implied in law on the
basis of wider policy considerations. In contrast, Coomaraswamy J in Tan Chin
Hoon and others v Tan Choo Suan (in her personal capacity and as executrix of
the estate of Tan Kiam Teon, deceased) and others and other matters [2015]
SGHC 306 (“Tan Chin Hoon”) seemed to consider it as a term to be implied in
fact, as he analysed whether it was necessary in the business sense to imply
that term so as to give the contract efficacy, and that the parties would have
affirmed the existence of this duty had it been suggested to them at the point
of entering into the agreement (at [145]).

93 In our view, Lord Blackburn’s statement in Mackay only identifies the
general features of a case where a duty to cooperate would be implied, without
going so far as to set out a category of cases to which such a duty would
operate by default. We agree with the commentary in Edwin Peel, Treitel on The
Law of Contract (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2020) (at para 6-065):

As will be seen below, the defining feature of terms implied in law is that
they are implied into all contracts of a particular type. By contrast, terms
are implied in fact on the basis of the circumstances of individual contracts.
Nevertheless, the same, or similar, circumstances may be repeated and it is on
this basis that there is some value in noting some of the leading examples of
terms which may be implied in fact, bearing in mind that it does not follow
that the courts will always imply the terms in question just because the case
before them shares the same broad features. Thus, the courts may imply a term
that the parties will “co-operate” to ensure performance where they have
agreed that “something shall be done which cannot effectively be done unless
both concur in doing it”; similarly, that one party will not do anything “of
his own motion” to put an end to any state of circumstances on which the
performance of the contract depends. Where the contract confers rights on one
party subject to the consent of other, the court may imply a term that such
consent must not be withheld arbitrarily or unreasonably, and where a contract
is subject to a condition precedent, a term may be implied that neither party
must do anything to prevent the occurrence of the event, or that one party
must use reasonable efforts to bring the event about.

[emphasis added]

94 In reaching the conclusion that a duty to cooperate must be a term implied
in fact, we also recognise the caution sounded by the Court of Appeal in Ng
Giap Hon to imply “terms implied in law” with circumspection; as well as the
observations made by the Court in The One Suites as to the uncertainties that
still surround the application of this duty, including its interaction with
the doctrine of good faith, which has, in the same case, been rejected as a
term to be implied in law.

(B) When a duty to cooperate may be implied

95 As for when such a duty may be implied as well as the scope of such duty,
the authors of Chitty on Contracts cited Lord Blackburn in Mackay, and stated
that (at para 16-026-3):

… the duty to co-operate and the degree of co-operation required is to be
determined, not by what is reasonable, but by the obligations imposed –
whether expressly or impliedly – upon each party by the agreement itself, and
the surrounding circumstances.

96 We agree with the observations above. First, the implication of a duty to
cooperate must accord with the intention of the parties and the bargain struck
between them. This is a fact-specific inquiry, dependent on factors such as
the parties’ understanding of their contractual obligations at the point of
entering into the contract, including those revealed by the contract’s express
terms.

97 In Mackay itself, the parties entered into a sale and purchase contract for
a digging machine, subject to a condition precedent that the seller
demonstrate to the buyer via a test that the machine was functioning
adequately. Lord Blackburn held that there was an implied duty that the buyer
was to cooperate in enabling a fair test to be done. Having failed to
cooperate, the buyer could no longer call upon the seller to remove the
machine on the ground that the test had not been satisfied. He would therefore
have to keep the machine and pay for it (at 264). Similarly, in Evergreat
Construction, the plaintiff was the main contractor for a construction
project, while the defendant was the subcontractor appointed by the plaintiff.
Disputes arose between the parties and they agreed to resolve their
differences by engaging an independent assessor. Rajah J found that the
plaintiff had an obligation to cooperate with the defendant in facilitating
the assessment process.

98 In contrast, in Luxor (Eastbourne) Ltd v Cooper [1941] AC 108, the court
found that no duty to prevent the fulfilment of an agreement could be implied.
In that case, the respondent Cooper introduced prospective purchasers to the
appellants for the purchase of their properties. The contract between the
parties provided that, if a party introduced by Cooper should buy the
properties for at least a certain sum, each of the two appellants would pay a
commission to Cooper on the completion of the sale. However, no such sale
eventually took place. Cooper argued that, as the proposed purchasers were and
remained willing and able to buy the properties for the minimum price, the
appellants breached their implied duty to “do nothing to prevent the
satisfactory completion of the transaction so as to deprive the respondent of
the agreed commission” by declining to close the offer. The House of Lords
rejected this argument and reasoned that the proposed implied term did not
accord with the parties’ intentions and the express terms of the contract (at
117–118):

The matter may be tested in this way. If such an implied term must be assumed,
then this amounts to saying that when the owner gives the agent the
opportunity of earning commission on the express terms thus stated, the agent
might have added, “From the moment that I produce a duly qualified offeror,
you must give up all freedom of choice and carry through the bargain, if you
reasonably can, with my nominee,” and the vendor must reply, “of course; that
necessarily follows.” But I am by no means satisfied that the vendor would
acquiesce in regarding the matter in this light. … The owner is offering to
the agent a reward if the agent’s activity helps to bring about an actual
sale, but that is no reason why the owner should not remain free to sell his
property through other channels. The agent necessarily incurs certain risks,
e.g., the risk that his nominee cannot find the purchase price or will not
consent to terms reasonably proposed to be inserted in the contract of sale. I
think, upon the true construction of the express contract in this case, that
the agent also takes the risk of the owner not being willing to conclude the
bargain with the agent’s nominee. This last risk is ordinarily a slight one,
for the owner's reason for approaching the agent is that he wants to sell.

[emphasis added]

99 Similarly, the Court of Appeal in Bee See & Tay v Ong Hun Seang and others
(trustees of Zion Gospel Mission Ltd) and another appeal [1997] 1 SLR(R) 469
(“Bee See & Tay”) concluded that based on the parties’ understanding at the
time of entering into the agreements, there was no basis to imply a duty to
cooperate. In that case, the plaintiffs acted as trustees for and on behalf of
a company in the purchase of properties from the first to fourth defendants
(the “vendors”). The plaintiffs claimed the refund of deposits forfeited by
the vendors for non-completion of the sale and purchase agreements, on the
basis that there was an implied term that the vendors would cooperate with
them to obtain planning approval for change of use, but the vendors had failed
to do so.

100 The court noted that the agreements were not conditional upon approval for
change of use being obtained (Bee See & Tay at [54]). The parties had entered
into the agreements on the basis that the properties were sold as residential
properties, and the vendors were entitled to require that the plaintiffs
complete the purchases on that basis (at [57]). As such, the court could not
imply any term that the vendors would cooperate with the plaintiffs to obtain
planning approval. The court stated (at [58]):

… There is simply no room to imply any term, whether in fact or in law, that
the vendors would co-operate with the respondents in getting planning approval
for change of use. Such a term would go against the very tenor of the
contracts, which was that the properties were sold “as is”, and without any
proviso or condition as to approval for change of use being obtained. … It is
one thing to imply a term or condition for business efficacy, or as an
incident of the contract. It is quite another to imply a term to the effect
that the vendors would do something which they have bargained that they would
not do. The facts in this case speak for themselves.

101 Second, where a duty to cooperate is implied, the scope of such a duty is
again dependent on the contractual terms and the context of the case. The
principle in Mackay that a party would have to do “all that is necessary to be
done” should be understood to be limited as such. The following cases
illustrate the application of this principle.

102 On the facts in Tan Chin Hoon, the parties reached an oral agreement to
compromise their disputes (the “Compromise”). The Compromise was subject to a
condition precedent that the Attorney-General (“AG”) must consent to the terms
of the settlement; however, the AG declined to grant his consent and thus the
condition was unfulfilled. The plaintiffs alleged that one of the defendants
(“TCS”) had breached an implied duty to cooperate to obtain the AG’s consent
to the Compromise. Coomaraswamy J found that a duty to cooperate could be
readily implied into the Compromise between the parties, as it was required to
give the agreement efficacy, and the parties would have affirmed the existence
of such a duty if it had been suggested to them at the point of entering into
the Compromise. The implied duty “entails each party doing no more than that
which is reasonable in all the circumstances” (at [149]). On the facts, TCS
did not breach the implied duty to cooperate, as the duty extended “only to
her taking reasonable steps to provide to the AG relevant information which
the AG, a neutral third party, required”, and did not require her to do all
that was reasonably within her power to persuade the AG to give his consent
(at [160]).

103 In Mona Oil Equipment & Supply Co Ltd v Rhodesia Railways Ltd [1949] 2 All
ER 1014, the court held that “in the ordinary business contract, and apart, of
course, from express terms, the law can enforce co-operation only in a limited
degree – to the extent that is necessary to make the contract workable”
[emphasis added] (at 1018). On the facts, the relevant contract between the
sellers and buyers contained a term providing that payment could be made
against signed confirmation by the buyers’ shipping agents that the oil tanks
being sold were at the disposal of the buyers. The buyers’ agents informed the
sellers that they would not act until written instructions were received from
the buyers; however, the sellers misunderstood that the agents were refusing
to act at all and did not approach the agents thereafter. As the contract had
not been performed, the sellers brought an action for damages against the
buyers for breach of contract, alleging that they had breached an implied duty
to “do nothing to prevent or obstruct the performance of the condition of
payment”. The court found that there was an implied duty that the buyers had
to instruct the agents, as the contract would otherwise be unworkable, and
that this had been done. However, removing any misunderstanding between the
sellers and the buyers’ agents would be “quite beyond the reach of implied
contractual obligation”; and the court “cannot … exact a higher degree of co-
operation than that which can be defined by reference to the necessities of
the contract” (at 1018).

104 Although the precise scope of the implied duty is to be determined on the
facts of each case, it can be observed from the cases that the scope of such
duty would be limited by the express terms of the contract, as well as what is
necessary to give the contract efficacy, and is not meant to impose an onerous
obligation on the parties to the agreement. This conclusion accords with the
Court of Appeal’s holding in The One Suites that where there is an implied
term to use reasonable endeavours, the steps that must be taken to satisfy
that obligation would depend on all the facts and circumstances of the case
itself (at [29]). The Court of Appeal also reiterated that, where relevant,
the Court is to have regard to the express terms of the contract itself to
determine the scope of such an obligation (at [43]).

(2) Application to the facts

(A) Implication of duty to cooperate and scope of such duty

105 On the facts, we find that Mah did have an implied duty to cooperate. It
is well-settled that the following steps apply in determining if a term is to
be implied in fact (Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and
another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp”) at [101]:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

106 Applying the first step of the test in Sembcorp, there was a gap in the
SPA in relation to the obligations of each party, and in particular that of
Mah. At the material time, the parties would have assumed that they had the
common goal of getting the Operational Agreement signed. According to Mah, he
had insisted that the pre-conditions, being the signing of the Operational
Agreement and the obtaining of the approval of the Feasibility Study Report,
be included in the SPA because the Nangang Project “was not moving forward as
expeditiously as [he] was told”, and that the shares in Enersave International
were “effectively worth nothing” until the Nangang Project materialised. It
would therefore make no “commercial sense for [him] to acquire the shares from
[Ng] and/or for [Ng] to ‘walk away’ from the company as a shareholder and the
Nangang Project before the said [p]roject kicked off”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROA (Vol 4A) at p 35 (para 134).

As for Ng, he averred that he did not have any concerns about the signing of
the Operational Agreement being made a pre-condition for the Tranche 3
Payment. To him, it was “almost a formality” as the agreement had to be
executed before the Xianda SPV could operate the desalination facility and the
salt-making plant that were being constructed under the Nangang Project. Thus,
if the agreement were not signed, “Mah’s investment in building the Nangang
Project would go to waste as he will not be able to reap the profits from the
Nangang Project”. Further, Mah thought it would “require a great calamity or
blunder of massive proportions” for the agreement not to be signed. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA (Vol 3B) at p 34 (para 97).

Given both Mah’s and Ng’s descriptions of the state of affairs at the material
time, it would seem that both parties had understood that they had a common
goal in achieving an early signing of the Operational Agreement, and that
there was no necessity to specify obligations on each party in the SPA.

107 As for the second step of the test in Sembcorp, it was necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term to cooperate to give the SPA
efficacy. As noted at the outset, the SPA was signed on 13 November 2013 (see
[1] above). The evidence showed that Mah was involved in the Nangang Project
from that point, despite his attempts at trial to show that he had minimal
involvement. In the course of cross-examination, Mah acknowledged that he had
approached the Malaysian embassy in China, to push for an investment
cooperation agreement to be signed at the China-Malaysia Economic Summit
(“Summit”) held on 4 October 2013: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA (Vol 3E) at pp 45–46 (Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) (15 Sep 2020) p 42 line 4
to p 43 line 15).

Q. Mr Mah, there was an investment cooperation agreement signed in this summit
in 2013; you agree to that, Mr Mah?

A. Yes.

Q. You say you had no role in the Nangang Project becoming one of the eight
projects for which investment cooperation agreements were signed at this
summit in 2013; is that correct?

A. Yes, I’ve got no role in that in the sense that, okay, all I did was go to
the Malaysian embassy and that’s it. I qualify by saying that.

Q. Okay.

A. (Inaudible) -- if it was one of eight economic, it was not my doing.

Q. So what did you say when you approached the Malaysian embassy? Is this in
China, the Malaysian embassy in China?

A. Yes. Yes.

Q. All right. So you approached them prior to the summit; am I correct?

A. In September 2013.

Q. And who did you meet from the Malaysian embassy?

A. I met with the ambassador.

Q. What’s his name, sir?

A. I think his name is Iskandar.

Q. And what precisely did you say to His Excellency Iskandar?

A. I told him about the Nangang Project.

Q. As a result of this conversation, do you believe that that resulted in the
Nangang Project becoming one of the eight projects in this China-Malaysian
Economic Summit?

A. I don’t know. What I know is the ambassador sent a commercial officer down
to Tianjin and persuaded them, to tell them that this is going to be part of
the signing ceremony between the President Xi and Prime Minister Najib.

108 The evidence also revealed that Mah had signed the investment agreement
with TEDA on behalf of the Xianda SPV at the Summit on 4 October 2013, in his
capacity as one of the Xianda SPV’s directors, even if the ceremony was merely
a ceremonial one as he claimed: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA (Vol 3E) at pp 49–50 (NEs (15 Sep 2020) at p 46 line 4 to p 47 line 5).

Q. If you look at the picture in the middle, it appears that you had signed
the investment collaboration agreement with TEDA; is that correct, sir? On 4
October 2013?

A. Yes, the agreement was signed in Tianjin. Yes.

Q. You were the one who signed on behalf of Xianda; is that correct, sir?

A. I don’t think so. Not that I can remember, really. Don’t forget the
agreement was signed in September, dated 28 August 2013 and, what do you call,
the exchange of documents on this particular day, which is 4 October 2013.

Q. I see. So you are actually saying that the agreement was already signed
prior to 4 October 2013, this investment collaboration agreement?

A. Yes.

Q. And then there is a ceremonial signing, if I may call it that, on 4 October
2013?

A. Yes.

Q. And you appear to be the person who signs at this ceremonial signing, as
witnessed by the leaders of China and Malaysia who can be seen in the
background of this photograph at page 246; is that correct, sir?

A. Yes.

Q. In what capacity were you representing Xianda?

A. As one of the directors.

109 When cross-examined as to why he had signed the agreement on behalf of the
Xianda SPV at the Summit, Mah testified as such: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA (Vol 3E) at p 59 (NEs (15 Sep 2020) at p 56 lines 5–22).

Q. All right, but in 2013 for the investment collaboration agreement, wasn’t
Mr Victor Wee the chairman then?

A. Yes, he was.

Q. Why didn’t he sign? Why wasn’t he present to sign on behalf of Xianda at
that ceremonial signing?

A. Because I was the one who went and appealed to the Malaysian embassy at
that time, 2013, when the Government of Tianjin refused to sign the investment
agreement. As I already repeated, two or three occasions they were -- at the
last-minute was pulled out. So I was the one who did it. And the people there
know me. Victor never went to the Malaysian embassy. That was my first trip to
the Malaysian embassy and after checking with (inaudible) that’s how it all
happened. Otherwise, the investment agreement would not have been signed too.

Q. All right.

110 It can be seen, therefore, that Mah’s involvement in the operation of the
Nangang Project was crucial, from as early as 2013 when the SPA was entered
into. Mah was not merely an investor in the project. Applying the third step
of the test in Sembcorp, it was therefore necessary to impose a duty to
cooperate on him in order to give the SPA efficacy.

111 As regards the scope of Mah’s implied duty, it should be noted that
despite his role as a director of the Xianda SPV, he remained an investor in
the project and the SPA accorded him sole discretion to terminate the
agreement should the pre-conditions not be met. Thus, Mah did not have the
obligation to ensure that the Operational Agreement would be signed by the
stipulated deadline (or the deadlines which he had earlier extended), but had
a duty to make reasonable efforts to achieve signing by the Deadline, and
certainly not to hinder or prevent the signing of the Operational Agreement.
We turn to the next question of whether Mah had breached this implied duty to
cooperate.

(B) Whether Mah breached the implied duty to cooperate

112 The evidence showed that Mah played a significant role in determining when
the Operational Agreement would be signed, even though he attempted, when
giving his evidence at trial, to distance himself from the negotiations. Mah’s
evidence was that his involvement in the process was limited to sending a
letter to PM Najib and having “discussion[s] with [his] people”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROA (Vol 3E) at p 91 (NEs (15 Sep 2020) at p 88 lines 15–25).

He admitted during cross-examination to having reached out to some contacts,
including his cousin who was a minister under PM Najib’s government, but
claimed that that was the extent of his involvement. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP (Vol 3F) at pp 80–82 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 77 line 17 to p 82 line 18).

Mah also insisted that he did not participate in any negotiations with the
Chinese counterparts as he could not speak Mandarin well, and that he was
merely consulted when required and updated on the progress of the Nangang
Project at internal meetings. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROA (Vol 3A) at pp 36–37 (paras 136–137).

113 Despite Mah’s repeated attempts to insist otherwise, the evidence clearly
showed that he was heavily involved in the negotiation process. He
participated in internal discussions and attended at least one high-level
negotiation meeting with TEDA. Even if he did not conduct the negotiations
with the TEDA representatives himself, he nevertheless had some control over
the process.

114 In a set of minutes for a meeting held on 19 May 2016 and attended by the
“Full EXCO”, including Mah, it was recorded that there were “four shortlisted
COA issues which [were to] be discussed with Wang Sheng during his visit to
Malaysia end of May”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROA (Vol 5D) at p 122.

For clarity, “COA” in these minutes refers to the Operational Agreement, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA (Vol 3E) at p 72 (NEs (15 Sep 2020) at p 69 lines 2–3).

and Wang Sheng was the head of TEDA. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at p 136 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 133 lines 12–13).

These were issues stated to be holding up the signing of the Operational
Agreement. The minutes also recorded that the target date for the signing of
the Operational Agreement was end of June. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROA (Vol 5D) at p 121.

Mah was cross-examined on this, but claimed that he did not play an active
role in the negotiations: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at pp 145–146 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 145 line 1 to p 146 line
18).

Q. Let’s turn the page quickly to 1115. Matter number 2 on the agenda for this
meeting, “The four shortlisted issues that will be discussed with Wang Sheng
during his visit end of May”. Why was the head of TEDA going to Malaysia, was
it specifically just to meet with all of you, Xianda, alone?

A. I think they had some other meetings too, but they specifically want to
check up on our credentials.

Q. So there were four issues, right, for discussion, which were effectively
holding up the signing of the COA; is that correct, Mr Mah? They are listed
out in --

A. Yes, that is what is stated here, lah.

Q. Okay, I take it you aren’t disputing that you attended this meeting?

A. Yes.

…

Q. Going back to timing and the COA’s timing, page 1154. The target date for
COA is at the end of 25 June. We know that the head of TEDA is going to KL to
meet with you in May. And what you wanted to discuss with the head of TEDA
were these four outstanding issues. Is that correct, Mr Mah?

A. Yes.

Q. Then why do you say you have no role in negotiations for the COA, broadly
speaking, from your affidavit, save for writing a letter?

A. I actually -- I have no active role in this. Even right up to here I am
just like the two leaders meeting. Don’t forget he is leading a delegation. I
will have Cai Wei, Cheng Jew Kien and a few other people there and then they
will, amongst themselves, they will talk. As far as I'm concerned, as I said,
my Mandarin is -- I’m ashamed to say that my Mandarin is very bad. I’m not
proud of this. I cannot communicate with them. That is it. I can say “hello”
and all these things, that’s all. Not good enough for business talk.

115 However, it could not be seriously disputed that the May 2016 meeting was
a high-level meeting between the two leaders and that discussions in respect
of the Operational Agreement had been held during that meeting. In an email
dated 31 October 2016 sent from Eveline Chuah (the Xianda SPV’s Financial
Controller) to Mah, she enclosed a copy of the Xianda SPV’s reply to Nangang
Utility on issues relating to the Operational Agreement (the “Reply”). It was
stated in the Reply, that a meeting had been held between Wang Sheng and Mah
in May 2016, at which there was a “breakthrough” in the negotiation process.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROA (Vol 5K) at p 231 (para I(1)).

The same Reply stated that, in accordance with an agreement between the “two
leaders” (ie, Mah and Wang Sheng), the Xianda SPV presented a draft
Operational Agreement to the Nangang Management Committee. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROA (Vol 5K) at p 3345; ROA (Vol 3F) at p 138 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 135
lines 2–8).

To this, Mah insisted that the meeting in May 2016 was merely a “courtesy
call” between the two heads and that he did not participate in the negotiation
process. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at pp 136–138 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 133 line 16 to p 138 line
11).

Even if Mah’s team conducted much of the substantive negotiations in Mandarin,
as he claimed, it remains the case that Mah attended the meeting as the Xianda
SPV’s head to try to overcome the impasse and resolve the outstanding issues
standing in the way of the signing of the Operational Agreement.

116 It is also apparent from the evidence that Mah was actively involved in
internal discussions, which can be seen from several emails adduced by Ng.
Whilst the chain of email correspondence was not complete, it was sufficient
to show that Mah had given directions and input. For example:

(a) In an email sent from Cheng Jew Kien (“Cheng”), the Xianda SPV’s Chief
Operating Officer, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROA (Vol 3A) at p 35 (para 135).

to Mah dated 3 August 2014, Cheng provided Mah with information in relation to
the Nangang Project. Mah replied to Cheng on the same day, thanking him for
the updates and stating that they should “have a serious thought of the
exclusivity and see how to ensure we do not lose this exclusivity”. He
emphasised that “[t]here must never be 2 networks and similarly let us
strategies [sic] on how best to proceed”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROA (Vol 3D) at p 77.

(b) In an email sent from Michael Mah (“Michael”) (Mah’s son and the Xianda
SPV’s Corporate Development Director) on 11 March 2015 titled “What is
stalling our negotiations?”, Michael set out various strategies and concerns
in relation to the Xianda SPV’s negotiating position. On the same day, Mah
replied to the email thread stating: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROA (Vol 3D) at p 82.

Michael I agree with you that besides Technical this should be an important
agenda next Monday for us to strategies [sic] our next move. I am clear that
we must have our own baseline and will not put in further capital unless we
have an agreement with the government in writing on the Guaranteed Off Take.
Let us discuss on how best to present it to the Gov’t. and also on all the
points raised.

The idea of trying to secure Cao Fei Dian by all of you to help us in the
negotiation is good. Let us discuss.

…

(c) In an email dated 21 July 2016 sent from Cheng to Mah (amongst others), in
relation to a document titled “Xianda’s Preliminary Feedback”, he stated that:
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ROA (Vol 3D) at p 94.

Mr Mah,

Reference to your suggestion given via SMS yesterday, I have checked the
latest revision i.e. Rev. 5 (both English and Chinese version of Rev. 5 are
attached here) and confirm that Rev. 5 is already worded in the same manner as
per your suggestion:

We propose that both parties can reach the agreement the river water supply in
the Zone is only defined as the source for sanitary water and the industrial
water supplied by Xianda is the main industrial water source for enterprises
in the Zone while the water supplied by Tianjin Nangang Industrial Zone Water
Co, Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Nangang Water Co. Ltd.”) are the backup
industrial water source for enterprises in the Zone (only allowed to provide
backup industrial water when Xianda’s facilities and equipment are under check
or repair or other reasons cause the inability of water supply by Xianda) in
order to ensure safe and steady water supply in the Zone.

…

117 Mah’s claims that his skills in Mandarin prevented him from being involved
in the negotiations are therefore also entirely unconvincing. Mah himself
acknowledged that documents were regularly translated for him. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at p 134 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 131 lines 2–4).

Although Mah denied that his approval was necessary for the Operational
Agreement to have been signed, he admitted that it would have to be discussed
with him: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at p 118 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 115 lines 16–20).

Q. Would you have allowed for the signing of the COA

without your approval, Mr Mah?

A. I don’t say with or without my approval. I would say we would have a
discussion before everything is agreed upon.

118 Although not determinative, multiple news articles published after the
signing of the agreement on 3 November 2016 showed that Mah was seen as the
lead of the Xianda SPV and the propeller of the Nangang Project. Ng exhibited
an article dated 4 November 2016 published by a Malaysian news publication,
The Star, which reported Mah stating that he had “stayed put here to see
through all the preparations” for the Nangang Project for “the past two
years”; and that the project was “one of his private projects in China”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ROA (Vol 5L) at p 121.

Mah denied giving this interview. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ROA (Vol 5E) at p 56 (NEs (15 Sep 2020) at p 53 lines 19–24).

In the course of cross-examination, Mah was further referred to another
article from the website of China Daily, in which it was reported that: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ROA (Vol 5L) at pp 122–123.

Mah Sau Cheong, chairman and CEO of Xianda Resources, said that his company
will expand its engagement in the Chinese mainland by enhancing investment,
increasing technology transfer, strengthening the responsibility of
environment protection and engaging in corporate social responsibility.

“Nangang is a world-class petrochemical industrial zone in the collaborative
development plan of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. We have the equipment and
capability to design, build and operate the project and are capable of
ensuring quality,” said Mah.

Mah again insisted that he did not make these comments to the press. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ROA (Vol 3E) at pp 60–62 (NEs (15 Sep 2020) at p 57 line 1 to p 59 line 6).

His evidence, however, is unbelievable.

119 The evidence therefore showed that Mah was significantly involved in the
negotiation process and was influential in determining when the Operational
Agreement could be signed.

120 On 19 October 2016, there were five purported “sticking points” that
remained unresolved. However, based on an email sent from the Xianda SPV’s in-
house legal counsel Luke Li to the leadership of the Xianda SPV (including
Mah), he stated that they had “communicated with Nangang on the content of the
operation agreement” on 19 October and that “[m]ost of the terms [had] been
basically agreed”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ROA (Vol 3I) at p 26.

Mah conceded that the agreement could have been signed earlier if he had not
“held out” on its signing on account of these points, and that doing so was to
his own commercial advantage: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at pp 121–123 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 118 lines 5–19 and p 119
line 25 to 120 line 23).

Q. Turn the page to 2589. That is that email from Luke Li, your in-house legal
counsel. It says: “Dear leaders, On the 19th, we communicated with Nangang on
the content of the operation agreement. Most of the terms have been basically
agreed.” I will stop right there. Mr Mah, surely you should have known that
most of the terms for the operation agreement had basically been agreed on the
19th. This surely would have been very important news to you?

A. No, not really. Seriously. To me the terms has always been -- I mean, fact
of the matter up till now, the supplementary agreement is not signed, it is
already proof of the fact.

…

Q. Can I take it, at least as of 19 October these were the five primary issues
that was holding up the signing of the COA between Xianda and TEDA, as of the
19th at least.

A. These are the five. There are a few more.

Q. And if there weren’t these sticking points, can you agree that you would
have otherwise signed the COA much earlier?

A. Yes, without all these sticking points, we would have signed much, much
earlier, yes, that’s true.

Q. And these five issues, you were holding out for TEDA to agree to these five
-- to your asks in respect of these five issues because they would be
commercially advantageous to Xianda; am I correct?

A. No, I don’t think because -- yes -- I won’t say it is commercially
advantageous to Xianda, I say these are the things that has to be inside there
in the agreement itself. These are the basic laws. Exclusivity -- you cannot
afford to have two desalination plant there. Sorry, if I already go on and
explain again. You asked me to say that I’m holding out for my own special
commercial, in a way, it is yes, okay. Not just for myself to survive, yes.
These are not unreasonable demands…

[emphasis added]

121 We accept that some of the “sticking points” such as the questions of
exclusivity and off-take pricing might appear off-hand to be valid concerns.
However, the five “sticking points” did not appear to be insurmountable as
there were ongoing discussions as to possible viable solutions. There was also
no evidence led as to what impact these “sticking points” might foreseeably
have had on the profitability of the Nangang Project if they were not
resolved. More importantly, the Operational Agreement was eventually signed
despite these points remaining ostensibly unresolved. It is undisputed that
the Operational Agreement did not contain all the terms that the parties were
meant to agree on, as they had intended to sign a further supplementary
agreement thereafter, although this was ultimately never signed. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at pp 157–158 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 154 line 18 to p 155 line
1).

This further points towards the conclusion that the Operational Agreement
could in fact have been signed earlier, particularly since most of the terms
appear to have been agreed between the parties prior to the Deadline (see also
[128] below).

122 We turn to the evidence specifically in relation to Mah’s involvement in
arranging for former PM Najib’s attendance at the signing of the Operational
Agreement. It is undisputed that Mah signed and sent the invite to PM Najib on
5 October 2016. On 21 October, Mah was informed that PM Najib would be
travelling to Tianjin on 3 November. On the same day, after PM Najib’s visit
was confirmed, Mah sent the 21 October Letter to Ng. By 21 October, therefore,
Mah must have known that by fixing the signing of the Operational Agreement on
3 November so that PM Najib could witness the signing, the Deadline would
necessarily be breached.

123 Mah claimed that he had merely extended an invitation to PM Najib on
behalf of the Xianda SPV and that he “did not make any subsequent follow ups
or arrangements for the former [PM’s] attendance at the signing ceremony”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ROP (Vol 3A) at 37 (para 141).

However, the evidence showed that Mah’s claim was patently untrue.

124 In an email dated 9 October 2016, the subject of which is “Letter to
Tianjin Foreign Affairs Office drafted on behalf of the Embassy- revised after
conference call discussion”, it appears that a lawyer engaged by the Xianda
SPV was drafting a letter to the Tianjin Foreign Affairs Office on behalf of
the Malaysian Embassy. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROP (Vol 5G) at p 116.

The email was addressed to Mah (amongst others), although Mah claimed that he
had no knowledge of this correspondence. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ROP (Vol 3F) at pp 74–80 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 71 line 1 to p 77 line 9).

In the draft letter attached to the email of 9 October 2016, it was stated
that: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROA (Vol 5G) at pp 140–147.

As you know, Mr. Najib bin Abdul Razak, Prime Minister of the federal
government of Malaysia, will visit China at the end of this month to conduct
active dialogue with senior Chinese officials on bilateral economic and trade
cooperation. During his visit to China, the prime minister will visit Tianjin
to carry out relevant activities.

…

We sincerely hope that during the prime minister’s visit to Tianjin, the two
sides can make substantial progress in the project, sign the construction and
operation agreement, and start the construction of the project as soon as
possible after signing the agreement, so as to promote the Malaysia China
friendship and bilateral economic and trade cooperation to a new level!

There is evidence therefore that Mah was involved in or was, at the very
least, aware of or privy to, discussions with the Malaysian embassy to
capitalise on PM Najib’s visit and did not merely send the invitation letter.

125 Further, in an email dated 21 October 2016, the Malaysian embassy had
asked for input in relation to talking points for PM Najib’s visit. Cheng
replied on 25 October with the brief background, details and status of the
negotiation of the Operational Agreement. On 27 October, Cheng sent suggested
talking points to the embassy. On 29 October, Cheng sent a further email,
asking for an initiative in relation to biodiesel to be added to the suggested
“talking points” for PM Najib. On 30 October 2016, Cheng then sent an email to
Mah, stating: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROP (Vol 5K) at pp 160–164.

Mr Mah, in your conversation with Minister Dato Mah you can let him know we
have asked embassy to put in this biodiesel initiative in the talking points,
and embassy has confirmed they will.

This correspondence between Cheng and Mah again showed that Mah’s involvement
did not end with the sending of the invitation letter to PM Najib.

126 There is sufficient evidence that the parties worked towards having the
Operational Agreement ready for signing by PM Najib’s visit. For example, a
meeting was held on 13 October 2016 between representatives from the Nangang
Public Utilities Bureau and the Xianda SPV. The meeting minutes stated that:
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ROP (Vol 3D) at p 214.

The above is the preliminary communication opinions of Nangang on the
feasibility study report provided by Xianda. Nangang will modify the reply
according to the consensus reached by both parties at the meeting, and confirm
with Xianda again before final report to the superior leaders. In Nangang’s
opinion, in addition to the consensus reached by both parties, there are also
the following reserved questions worthy of attention: 1) routing fee and pipe
network fee, 2) sales guarantee, 3) tax policy. These three problems cannot be
solved at Nangang level. It is suggested that Xianda upgrade the problem as
soon as possible.

In addition, Xianda also mentioned the visit of the Prime Minister of
Malaysia.

Xianda expressed that the Malaysian government has always paid great attention
to this project. Signing the operation agreement as soon as possible is the
requirement of the Malaysian government. The investment agreement of this
project is signed under the witness of the leaders of the two countries, which
is of great significance to the economic and trade development of the two
countries. Xianda has the determination and confidence to continue this
project, and hopes that Nangang government will understand the difficulties of
Xianda and give strong support. On the occasion of the prime minister’s visit,
we will vigorously promote the signing of the project operation agreement, so
that the project can be started as soon as possible, realize the water supply
to Nangang Industrial Zone, contribute to the economic development of Tianjin,
and compose a new colorful movement to promote the development of bilateral
economic and trade relations between China and Malaysia.

Director Jiang thinks that the two weeks before the prime minister’s visit is
too short for signing the operation agreement. He suggests that only the
Framework of Operation Agreement and Memorandum of Understanding should be
signed.

The two sides scheduled to hold their next meeting next Wednesday (October
19).

[emphasis added]

127 This exchange showed that PM Najib’s attendance had placed some pressure
on the negotiations for the Operational Agreement, as the parties were working
toward having the signing take place on the day of the PM’s visit, which the
meeting attendees understood to be taking place in two weeks.

128 Further, Christina Zhang (the personal assistant to one of one of the
SPV’s directors, Cai Wei) sent an email on 19 October 2016 to Mah, enclosing
Cai Wei’s message to one Wang Jun Ming (whom Mah described as the “number two”
in TEDA). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at p 143 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 140 lines 18–22).

In the message, Cai Wei reported that following the meeting on 19 October, the
“result [wa]s that most of the terms ha[d] been agreed by both parties”
[emphasis added]. This, Cai Wei suggested, “laid the foundation” for PM Najib
to witness the signing of the Operational Agreement during his visit to
Tianjin. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ROA (Vol 5I) at p 10.

129 As such, once the signing of the Operational Agreement had been set for
the date of PM Najib’s visit, it was impossible for the agreement to be signed
any earlier. Mah was therefore responsible for creating a fait accompli with
the signing date.

130 Considering the evidence in its entirety, including Mah’s significant
involvement in the negotiation process, we conclude that Mah had rendered the
signing of the Operational Agreement by the 24 October Deadline an
impossibility by getting PM Najib to witness the signing, ostensibly for
better leverage.

131 We make a general observation, based on our review of the evidence on
record, that Mah did not appear to be a candid or forthcoming witness, such
that it was unclear what his true intentions or motivations were. We have
highlighted at several points in this judgment that Mah’s evidence was simply
unbelievable. Further, Mah testified that he wanted to leverage PM Najib’s
visit to get the Operational Agreement signed, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ROP (Vol 3F) at p 80 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) at p 77 lines 13–16).

and that the presence of the former PM was “used as a reason and was a
catalyst for the signing of the Operational Agreement to take place”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ROP (Vol 3A) at p 36 (para 138).

However, during cross-examination, Mah had testified that he had already made
up his mind to terminate the SPA: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ROA (Vol 3F) at pp 113–116 (NEs (16 Sep 2020) p 110 line 16 to p 113 line 4).

Q. Your Honour, whilst I get to that, and I do apologise, Mr Mah. On 21
October there is a confirmation from Prime Minister Najib -- from the embassy
that Prime Minister Najib is coming on 3 November, and on that same afternoon
you cause Ayu to send the defendant these letters; is that a coincidence, Mr
Mah?

A. Yes, I would think partially coincidence and partially we are talking about
the letter, yes, it is a coincidence. I mean it is a coincidence that I asked
her to send the letter, yes. I mean, I had already made up my mind that I will
send it, but it happens to be on the same day.

…

Q. So in the morning there is a confirmation from the Malaysian embassy that
PM Najib is coming, and in the afternoon you signed these letters to the
defendant, the ones at tab 237 and 238. Do you have an explanation, Mr Mah?

A. Yes. As far as the – let’s go with the sale and purchase agreement first.
As far as the sale and purchase agreement is concerned, the deadline was up
already on 24 October. That is the final – 24 October 2016, that is the final
date. There is no extension for that date and that is the final date for me
and that’s why this thing had to go out. I will say -- I won’t say by chance,
but the extension is on 21 October, I think to 21, what you call, 21 2016 --
21 October 2015 to 2016, but the main thing is 24 October 2016 is the final
date which will stand firm and which the defendant should know because he has
been given three years for the whole thing, for, what you call, for the
condition precedent to be signed.

132 Mah’s evidence was illogical. If he had intended for PM Najib’s attendance
to act as a catalyst for the Operational Agreement to be signed, and this was
in fact achieved, there appears to be no reason why he still insisted on
pulling out of the SPA. The reasonable inference is that Mah was intent on
recovering his investment outlay and avoiding the Tranche 3 Payment. Mah
testified that the Nangang Project never took off and that “until now nothing
has been done”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ROA (Vol 3E) at pp 53–54 (NEs (15 Sep 2020) at p 50 line 15 to p 51 line 8).

In any event, Mah’s conduct had made it impossible for the Operational
Agreement to have been signed by the Deadline.

133 For the above reasons, we conclude that Mah had breached his implied duty
to cooperate under the SPA.

Whether the Closing Date had materialised

134 For completeness, Ng argued that the Closing Date would have
“materialised” if the signing of the Operational Agreement was imminent and
had “come into perceptible existence”. On that basis, Mah’s right to terminate
the SPA did not arise.

135 In our view, the Judge had rightly rejected Ng’s submission that the
Closing Date would have “materialised” as long as it had “come into
perceptible existence”. The Judge held that the word “materialise” did not
indicate that there only needed to be a “practical likelihood” of such events
occurring, and that on a contextual reading of Articles 4.1 and 4.7, Mah’s
right to terminate the SPA would arise if the signing of the Operational
Agreement and the approval of the Feasibility Study Report were not obtained
or did not take place by the Deadline (the Judgment at [18]). There is no
basis to adopt Ng’s reading of the term “materialise”, whether on a plain
reading of the term or reading it in context of the SPA. In fact, Article 4.1
specifically stated that the Closing Date shall take place on the day that the
following were “obtained”: the “signing of the Operational Agreement” and the
“obtaining of the Approval of the Feasibility Study Report”.

Conclusion on Mah’s entitlement to terminate the SPA

136 As such, we find that Mah had not validly terminated the SPA and had not
given valid notice to terminate. In addition, he had breached his duty to
cooperate with Ng to obtain the signing of the Operational Agreement. By the
operation of the prevention principle, Mah was thus precluded from relying on
the non-fulfilment of that condition under Article 4.7 of the SPA to terminate
the agreement. It thus follows that the SPA had not been validly terminated
and Mah was liable to Ng for the Tranche 3 Payment.

Set-off issue

137 This brings us to the issue of whether Ng’s counterclaim for the Tranche 3
Payment should be set off against Mah’s claim for the Disbursed Sums. Ng can
rely on his claim for the Tranche 3 Payment both as a defence of set-off
against Mah’s claim, as well as a counterclaim, pursuant to O 18 r 17 of the
Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed).

138 The law in relation to the defence of set-off has been set out in Inzign
Pte Ltd v Associated Spring Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 147 at [72]–[74]):

72 A legal set-off involves a debt or liquidated sum due from the plaintiff to
the defendant that is capable of being liquidated or ascertained with
precision at the time of pleading: [Singapore Civil Procedure 2018 vol 1 (Foo
Chee Hock gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2018)] at para 18/17/4…

73 An equitable set-off may apply whether the amount is ascertained or not, so
long as the cross-claim arises from the same transaction as the plaintiff’s
claim or is closely connected with it such that it would be manifestly unjust
to allow the plaintiff to enforce payment without taking into account the
cross-claim: Pacific Rim Investments Pte Ltd v Lam Seng Tiong & another [1995]
2 SLR(R) 643 at [35]. …

74 Set-off by judgment arises under the Court’s inherent jurisdiction to set-
off cross-liabilities which have been established by judgments, leaving one
single liability for the balance sum: Longyuan-Arrk (Macao) Pte Ltd v Show and
Tell Productions Pte Ltd and another suit [2013] SGHC 160 at [66]. …

139 We agree with Ng that his counterclaim for RMB 8m satisfied the
requirement of being a sum that is capable of being ascertained with precision
at the time of pleading, and that he was therefore entitled to a legal set-off
against Mah’s claim. Set-off by judgment similarly applied. We therefore do
not have to decide on whether Ng was entitled to an equitable set-off.

140 In the present case, the sum owing under Ng’s counterclaim exceeded the
Disbursed Sums for Mah’s claim. Thus, Mah’s claim would be dismissed, and Ng
was entitled to judgment for the balance of his counterclaim after the set-
off. We are mindful, however, that the extent to which Ng’s RMB 8m
counterclaim is set off by Mah’s claim for the Disbursed Sums is not a matter
of simply deducting the Disbursed Sums from RMB 8m. Two issues arise for
consideration. The first is the date on which Mah was entitled to receive the
Disbursed Sums, from which interest should be awarded. The second issue stems
from the fact that the Disbursed Sums comprise sums in Singapore dollars
(“SGD”) as well as RMB (see [2] above). This gives rise to the question of
when the SGD portion of the Disbursed Sums (ie, S$241,800) ought to be
converted to RMB and set off against Ng’s counterclaim for RMB 8m. This
question matters because, as observed in Charles Proctor, Mann on the Legal
Aspects of Money (Oxford University Press, 7th Ed, 2012) at para 8.20, “the
date with reference to which the set-off is effected can, of course, have a
significant impact on the amount payable, because exchange rates between the
relevant currencies may have fluctuated between the date on which the
respective liabilities were incurred” (cited in Haribo Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v
Aquarius Corporation [2021] SGHC 278 (“Haribo”) at [241]).

141 We did not hear submissions from the parties on either of these issues,
and, thus, we do not propose to make any finding on them. Instead, we
highlight them for the parties to consider and attempt to reach a resolution
in respect thereof. In this regard, the relevant principles are set out by Lee
Seiu Kin J in Haribo at [240]–[255]. If the parties are unable to agree, we
grant them liberty to write in to seek our clarification on these two issues
only.

Conclusion

142 For the above reasons, we allow the appeal. Having regard to the parties’
written costs submissions, we fix the costs of the appeal at $35,000 (all-in)
to be paid from Mah to Ng. As for the costs of the trial, we order Mah to bear
Ng’s costs of $130,000 with reasonable disbursements. The usual consequential
orders apply.

Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division| | | See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---|---|---  
Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court| | |   
  
Tham Lijing (Tham Lijing LLC) and Goh Peizhi Adeline (Withers KhattarWong LLP)
(instructed); Tan Li-Chern Terence (Robertson Chambers LLC) for the appellant;

Isaac Tito Shane, Kawal Pal Singh s/o Amarjit Singh, Jaspreet Kaur Purba, and
Sindhu Nair d/o Muralidharan Nair (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Sep 2022 (12:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

