Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 21

Civil Appeal No 121 of 2021

Between

(1)| Yong Khong Yoong Mark  
---|---  
(2)| Emily Hwang Mei Chen  
(3)| Medivice Investment Limited  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Ting Choon Meng  
---|---  
(2)| Chua Ngak Hwee  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 1140 of 2018

Between

(1)| Yong Khong Yoong Mark  
---|---  
(2)| Emily Hwang Mei Chen  
(3)| Medivice Investment Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Ting Choon Meng  
---|---  
(2)| Chua Ngak Hwee  
  
… Defendants

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Fraudulent]

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Negligent]

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Inducement]

[Tort — Misrepresentation — Fraud and deceit]

[Tort — Misrepresentation — Inducement]

[Tort — Misrepresentation — Negligent misrepresentation]

[Tort — Conspiracy — Unlawful means conspiracy]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yong Khong Yoong Mark and others v

  

Ting Choon Meng and another

[2022] SGHC(A) 21

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 121 of 2021

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD and Hoo Sheau Peng J  
18 May 2022

18 May 2022

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 AD/CA 121/2021 (“AD/CA 121”) is an appeal by the appellants, Yong Khong
Yoong Mark (“Mr Yong”), Emily Hwang Mei Chen (“Ms Hwang”) and Medivice
Investment Limited (“Medivice”), against the High Court judge’s (the “Judge”)
decision in Yong Khong Yoong Mark and others v Ting Choon Meng and another
[2021] SGHC 246 (“the Judgment”) to dismiss their claims against the
respondents, Ting Choon Meng (“Dr Ting”) and Chua Ngak Hwee (“Mr Chua”), in
misrepresentation and unlawful means conspiracy.

2 The facts of this case have been comprehensively set out in the Judgment at
[6] to [44]. We therefore only summarise the salient facts relevant to this
appeal. The appellants claimed that they were induced by the respondents’
misrepresentations to make several loans to HealthSTATS International Pte Ltd
(“Healthstats International”) from January to July 2016 amounting to $2.5m and
to enter into a subscription agreement in August 2016 (the “Subscription
Agreement”) for the sum of $5m. The sum of $2.5m loaned to Healthstats
International formed part of the consideration for the Subscription Agreement.
The Subscription Agreement was entered into on 12 August 2016 between the
second appellant, Ms Hwang, and Healthstats International.

3 Under the Subscription Agreement, Healthstats International issued
approximately 3.2m new shares to Medivice, the third appellant (as the second
appellant’s nominee) for a total consideration of $5m. The appellants
principally alleged that, between September 2015 and February 2016, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 2) dated 28 January 2021 at para 16 read with
para 16(v)(t).

the respondents fraudulently or negligently made the following representations
(“Representations”):

(a) that all of Healthstats International’s products, in particular the BPro
G2 and the CasPro devices, had obtained the necessary regulatory approvals
from Singapore’s Health Sciences Authority, the US’ Food and Drug
Administration (the “FDA”) and the European Union’s (“EU”) Conformité
Européenne (the “Regulatory Representation”);

(b) that $18m of sales had been booked for 2016 and another $38.2m of sales
had been booked for 2017 (the “Revenue Representation”); and

(c) that Healthstats International was to launch the BPro G3 in the second
quarter of 2016 (the “Product Representation”).

4 The Judge dismissed all of the appellants’ claims against the respondents.
The Judge found in one respect that the Regulatory Representation was falsely
made, namely the respondents represented that the BPro G2 had regulatory
approval from the FDA when it did not. The Judge did not find that the
Regulatory Representation in respect of the CasPro was falsely made because
there was CFDA approval. The Judge also found that the Revenue Representation
and Product Representation were statements of future intention and were not
actionable representations. Finally, the Judge found that even if all the
Representations were falsely made, the appellants had not shown that the
Representations had played a real and substantial role in inducing them to
make the loans or entering into the Subscription Agreement.

5 In AD/CA 121, the appellants appeal against the whole of the Judge’s
decision. In this appeal, the law in relation to the tort of misrepresentation
is not disputed by the parties. After carefully considering the parties’
submissions, we dismiss AD/CA 121 for the reasons set out below.

Our decision

6 The appellants’ pleaded case is that the Representations made between
September 2015 and February 2016 induced them to enter into the Subscription
Agreement in August 2016. The burden lies on the appellants to show that the
Representations were continuing at the time of entering into the Subscription
Agreement. However, in our judgment, the evidence of the state of affairs at
that time shows that the Representations were not in play.

7 It is crucial to set out the events following the making of the
Representations to the entering of the Subscription Agreement. On 2 December
2015, Mr Yong executed a letter of intent on behalf of one of his investment
vehicles, Uncharted Holdings Limited (“Uncharted”), evincing his intention to
purchase shares in Healthstats International for about $27m. By this time,
Healthstats International had entered into a joint venture with Winsan
(Shanghai) Medical Science and Technology Co Ltd (“Winsan”) through
HealthSTATS Technology (SIP) Co Ltd (“Healthstats China”). Under this
arrangement, Healthstats International entered into a purchase agreement dated
13 August 2015 (the “First China Contract”) and a purchase agreement dated 26
October 2015 (the “Second China Contract”) with Healthstats China
(collectively, the “China Contracts”) under which Healthstats China was to
purchase $5m worth of BPro G2 devices and accessories and $52.785m worth of
BPro G2, BPro G3 and CasPro devices and accessories from Healthstats
International respectively.

8 From 8 January 2016 to 8 April 2016, Uncharted commissioned an extensive due
diligence process involving DLA Piper UK LLP (“DLA Piper”), KPMG Services Pte
Ltd and Baker & McKenzie, Wong & Leow. Mr Yong also approached Mr John Sheng
(“Mr Sheng”), a partner in a law firm based in Shanghai, to look into Winsan
and Healthstats China, on his behalf. Following the results of the due
diligence, Uncharted decided not to proceed with the $27m investment. In its
initial Notice of Termination dated 25 April 2016, it merely stated that it
was of the view that due diligence had not been completed to its satisfaction
in its sole opinion. Following a discussion between Mr Yong and Dr Ting, Mr
Yong agreed to issue another notice and this time he clarified in an e-mail
dated 26 April 2016 (at 5.41pm) to Dr Ting that Uncharted’s main concern was
that Winsan seemed financially unsound and Winsan and Healthstats China had
several issues. Mr Yong wrote that he was not comfortable with Healthstats
China. He even recommended to Dr Ting to consider carrying out a full
independent audit on Healthstats China. In his opinion, the orders of $5m for
2015 and the commitment for 2016 and 2017 under the China Contracts were not
likely to be fulfilled.

9 Mr Yong had informed Dr Ting that Unchartered had commissioned the extensive
due diligence process on Healthstats International, the patents and
Healthstats China. This would have made clear Mr Yong’s intention to verify
the accuracy of the Representations. Save for concerns relating to Healthstats
China and Winsan, Mr Yong clarified with Dr Ting that Uncharted was fine with
the results of the due diligence on Healthstats International and the patents.
In the words of Mr Yong, Uncharted “loved” Healthstats International’s
products and was still very interested in investing but not at the current
valuation.

10 Further, Mr Yong had already brought in Mr Joshua Soh (“Mr Soh”) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA Vol III (Z) at pp 183 (line 20) to 184 line 1).

as Chief Executive Officer of Healthstats International with the primary role
of changing the sales-based model to a service-based model since March 2016. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA Vol III (A) at pp 23 to 24 (paras 60 to 63).

The service-based model for the BPro G2 is implemented by giving the device to
clinical professionals for free with a fee charged per use (instead of selling
the device) and is expected to increase profitability and allow potential
penetration of other markets like the US. Dr Ting testified that Mr Yong had
explained to him that the implementation of the service-based model in the US
would be far more lucrative than the Second China Contract. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA Vol III (AF) at pp 17 (line 12) to 22 (line 21).

Even after Unchartered withdrew from making the $27m investment, Mr Soh
continued to be Mr Yong’s nominee in Healthstats International until April
2017.

11 Considering this crucial context, the crux of this appeal turns on why the
appellants nevertheless decided to enter into the Subscription Agreement in
August 2016 after Uncharted withdrew from the $27m investment. While the
appellants now assert that it was the Representations that induced them to
enter into the Subscription Agreement, Mr Yong’s own evidence in his affidavit
of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) contradicts this and tells a different story. In
our view, the documentary evidence including his AEIC coheres with the state
of affairs outlined above at [8] to [10]. He explains that after he was aware
of concerns regarding Winsan’s financial status in February 2016 and doubted
the feasibility of the China Contracts, he still considered making a small
private investment to put Healthstats International in a position to meet its
production obligations under the First China Contract which, if fully
performed, would “create momentum and increase the chances of the Second China
Contract also being performed”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA Vol III (A) at pp 22 to 23 (paras 56 to 59); ROA Vol III (Z) at pp 57
(line 21) to 58 (line 5).

12 It is also telling that he states that he was prepared to make a small
private investment because he liked Healthstats International’s products and
felt that with Mr Soh’s assistance, Healthstats International would be able to
increase its profitability in the coming years and penetrate other markets
such as the US. It is noteworthy that this explanation is consistent with Dr
Ting’s evidence that Mr Yong saw the potential of the new service-based model.
Additionally, Ms Hwang had already extended substantial loans to Healthstats
International at this point and opportunistically, a substantial portion of
the investment could be offset from these loans. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA Vol III (A) at pp 26 to 27 (paras 72 to 73).

Mr Yong had explained that these loans were extended for the purpose of
providing working capital for Healthstats International whilst he was
considering whether to invest in it. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA Vol III (A) at pp 20 (paras 50 to 51), 27 to 28 (paras 74 to 76), 37 to 38
(paras 94 to 97).

While the loans were made independently from the Subscription Agreement, they
were later offset against the $5m due under the Subscription Agreement.

13 Despite his doubts about the potential completion of the China Contracts,
Mr Yong felt that they displayed Healthstats International’s ability to
penetrate the Chinese market and its potential for growth. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA Vol III (A) at p 35 (para 84).

As we explain below at [17], his cognisance that the China Contracts were not
likely to be fulfilled undermines his assertion that the Second China Contract
is a sham. On his own evidence, Mr Yong does not even say that the
Representations were the substantial reason to enter into the Subscription
Agreement. In our view, the Representations were not in play after Uncharted
withdrew from the $27m investment. We agree with the Judge’s conclusion that
Mr Yong was nevertheless enthusiastic about investing in Healthstats
International despite the risks he perceived and his decision to invest could
not have been due to any Representations made by the defendants. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Judgment at [243].

Even if they were still in play, for the same reasons, the appellants would
not have proven that they had been substantially induced by the
Representations to enter into the Subscription Agreement. For this reason, we
affirm the Judge’s decision to dismiss the appellants’ claim in
misrepresentation against the respondents.

14 The Judge had thoroughly scrutinised the evidence in relation to the
Regulatory Representation, Product Representation and Revenue Representation.
We see no reason for appellate intervention. We briefly address the
appellants’ main difficulties with each of the Representations in turn. We
have considered all of the complaints raised by the appellants in this appeal
and we are satisfied that to the extent that there is merit in any of those
complaints, they do not undermine the final outcome of the Judge’s decision
dismissing the appellants’ claims.

15 We begin with the Regulatory Representation. We agree with the Judge that
while the respondents had wrongly represented that the BPro G2 was approved by
the FDA, this did not play a substantial role in inducing the appellants to
enter into the Subscription Agreement. Mr Yong’s lack of concern from his
remark – that it was “not something of concern” – is telling. Firstly, it is
consistent with our view that Mr Yong’s true motivation for entering into the
Subscription Agreement had nothing to do with the Representations. He even
said that he did not think that the FDA approval was important at that point
in time. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA Vol III (Z) at pp 226 (line 16) to 227 (line 5).

Secondly, he explains that he had an interest in seeing the First China
Contract being fulfilled so that the Second China Contract would be triggered.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA Vol III (Z) at pp 226 (line 16) to 227 (line 14).

This shows that the real and substantial inducement for the appellants to
enter into the Subscription Agreement was not the representation that the BPro
G2 was approved by the FDA but Mr Yong’s assessment of Healthstats
International’s prospects. We note the appellant’s argument based on the rule
in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67 that it was not put to the appellants’
witnesses that there was the existence of a prototype of the BPro G2 (referred
to as the BPro G1 with a Cap). We do not see any prejudice to the appellants
because Mr Yong’s evidence does not even acknowledge the existence of the BPro
G1 with a Cap. Even if there was a contravention of the rule in Browne v Dunn
or the Judge erred in his finding as regards the BPro G1 with a Cap, this does
not undermine the Judge’s conclusion that the Regulatory Representation did
not play a substantial role in inducing the appellants to enter into the
Subscription Agreement.

16 As regards the CasPro, we note that the appellants did not plead that the
respondents had fabricated the submission for approval for the CasPro and
misrepresented to the appellants that the CFDA approval was a valid one. The
CasPro was approved by the CFDA, regardless of the appellants’ assertions that
the approval was not based on fully accurate data. There is no merit in this
ground of misrepresentation whether fraudulent or negligent. In any event, the
Judge correctly found that there was inadequate evidence that the respondents
fabricated the submission to the CFDA. Mr Yong himself stated in cross-
examination that he had no evidence of this. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA Vol III (AA) at pp 140 (line 10) to 142 (line 3).

Even if there were inaccuracies in the submission filed for CFDA approval,
this does not necessarily show that the respondents fabricated the data. Mr
Chua was not responsible for preparing the report and there was no evidence to
show that he had checked the report, realised the errors and intended to hide
it. As regards the appellants’ contention that the Judge had wrongly relied on
a 9 March 2012 email because it was not translated, the Judge did not in fact
refer to the said email and this contention has no merit. While it ostensibly
appeared that the Judge referred to “Ms Han’s testimony” even though she had
not testified at trial, it is clear that the Judge made a textual mistake and
he was actually referring to Mr Chua’s testimony where Mr Chua explained that
Ms Han had told him that she had discussed and explained to the CFDA officer
in charge of the application about the use of the clinical data for the MC3100
obtained in 2004 for the CFDA submission in 2012. This is evidence as to Mr
Chua’s state of mind that he was not fraudulent. The appellants did not adduce
any evidence to contradict Mr Chua’s testimony. Also, there is insufficient
evidence to establish that Mr Chua must at least be negligent.

17 Turning to the Revenue Representation, the appellants’ claim fails at the
outset because this is not an actionable misrepresentation of fact but a
statement pertaining to the future. In an executive summary sent by Dr Ting to
Mr Yong on 22 November 2015 (“Executive Summary”), it was stated that there
were advanced book sales secured of “$1.5m confirmed in Q3/2015”, “$18.0m
booked for Year 2016” and “$38.2m booked for Year 2017” [emphasis added]. The
Executive Summary also included a graph stating that the “Revenue Forecast
from China (3 Years)” were $1.5m, $18m, $38.2m in 2015, 2016 and 2017
respectively. The use of the term “booked” in contradistinction to the use of
the word “confirmed” in relation to Q3/2015 and the fact that the graph is
titled “Revenue Forecast” [emphasis added] make clear that the figures for
2016 and 2017 were simply forecasts. Hence, the Revenue Representation is
merely a statement of intention that the respondents intended to take steps to
crystallise the revenue forecast. That must be so in light of the terms of the
China Contracts. In addition, the defendants’ expert, Mr Tan Wei Cheong, says
that the term “booked” suggests some form of orders but that it did not mean
that the revenue had crystallised.

18 Such a representation can only be actionable if it is proven that at the
time it was made, the person who made it had no intention of doing what he
asserted he would do. There is no evidence that the respondents had no
intention to take steps to crystallise the revenue forecast. On the contrary,
Healthstats International took loans from the second appellant as working
capital for the First China Contract. Since the Second China Contract would be
triggered only after the First China Contract was fulfilled, the taking of the
loans is evidence of steps taken by Healthstats International to crystallise
the revenue forecast. In this regard, we reject the appellants’ contention
that the Second China Contract is a sham contract. Clause 9.2 of the Second
China Contract provided that it would only be operative upon fulfilment of the
First China Contract (which was not fulfilled yet). Thus, the absence of a
working prototype for the BPro G3 at the time the Second China Contract was
made does not show a common intention between Healthstats International and
Healthstats China to give a false impression of creating legal relations.

19 The evidence relied upon by the appellants’ witnesses, Mr Michael Tan (“Mr
Tan”), Mr Koh Choon Huat (“Mr Koh”) and Ms Li Wen Wen (“Ms Li”), to show
otherwise also do not pass muster. Mr Tan’s evidence that he did not see a
physical copy of the Second China Contract and there were no records in the
accounts, Mr Koh’s evidence that he was not informed of any purchase orders or
sales orders made under the Second China Contract and Ms Li’s evidence that
she understood that it was not meant to be implemented can all be explained by
the fact that the Second China Contract had not been triggered since the First
China Contract had not been fulfilled. Mr Tan, in particular, conceded that he
was aware of the Second China Contract from references to a note to
Healthstats International’s shareholders dated 2 November 2015; discussion in
an annual general meeting on 4 December 2015; an email from Mr Marcus Chua
attaching both China Contracts for due diligence; and that the China Contracts
were referred to in the Baker & McKenzie Report. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA Vol III (T) at pp 107 (line 25) to 108 (line 18).

The Judge correctly found that the Second China Contract did exist and was
genuine. As we foreshadowed earlier at [13], Mr Yong’s cognisance that the
China Contracts were not likely to be fulfilled and that his small private
investment would go toward the chances of the Second China Contract being
fulfilled show that he knew it was not an inevitable conclusion. This
allegation that the Second China Contract is a sham is unmeritorious.

20 Finally, we agree with the Judge that the Product Representation is also a
statement of future intention that Healthstats International intended to
launch the BPro G3 in the second quarter of 2016. This is apparent from the
language of the Product Representation which refers to a future event of
launching the BPro G3 in the second quarter of 2016. The Executive Summary
also stated that the BPro G3 had a “target release date in Q2/2016” [emphasis
added]. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ACB Vol V at p 87.

The appellants fail to show that the respondents had no intention for
Healthstats International to launch the BPro G3 in the second quarter of 2016.
The evidence adduced by the appellants’ witnesses to the effect that they had
never seen a prototype of the BPro G3 does not show this. Dr Ting, Mr Chua and
Mr Tey Leong Teck (a firmware consultant with Healthstats International) had
testified that Healthstats International had diverted more resources and focus
on Mr Soh’s plan to adopt a service-based model for the BPro G2 and seek to
penetrate other markets like the US. We also note the appellants’ argument
based on the rule in Browne v Dunn that it was not put to the appellants’
witnesses that Mr Yong directed that work on the BPro G3 be put on hold. Even
if this evidence was disregarded, the evidence shows that Healthstats
International’s focus at that point was no longer the launch of the BPro G3 in
the second quarter of 2016. Further, even if the state of preparedness for the
launch of BPro G3 was unsatisfactory, this is not compelling evidence that
Healthstats International did not have any intention to launch the BPro G3 in
the second quarter of 2016 at the time the Product Representation was
allegedly made. In any case, it is illogical for the appellants to claim to
have relied on the Product Representation when they clearly knew in August
2016 before the signing of the Subscription Agreement that the BPro G3 was not
launched in the second quarter of 2016.

21 For completeness, the appellants do not seriously contend in this appeal
that the tort of unlawful means conspiracy is made out. We see no merit in
this claim and have no hesitation in dismissing it.

Conclusion

22 In sum, we dismiss AD/CA 121 and order that costs be fixed at $40,000 (all-
in) in favour of the respondents. The usual consequential orders are to apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Nair Suresh Sukumaran and Bhatt Chantik Jayesh (PK Wong & Nair LLC) for the
appellants;

Kesavan Nair and Melissa Leong (Bayfront Law LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 May 2022 (17:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

