Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION of

  

the HIGH COURT OF THE republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 136

Suit No 821 of 2021

(Registrar’s Appeal No 81 of 2022)

Between

Oni Global Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Wong Yong Kai  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Civil Procedure — Service Out of Jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Oni Global Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Wong Yong Kai

[2022] SGHC 136

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 821 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeal
No 81 of 2022)  
Choo Han Teck J  
9 May 2022

9 June 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company and is a distributor and
franchisee of the nutritional foods brand, known as “GNC”. The plaintiff
conducts its business in Singapore directly through itself, and in Taiwan and
Malaysia through its subsidiaries, ONI Retail Pte Ltd (“ONI Taiwan”) and ONI
Global (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (“ONI Malaysia”) (collectively referred to as the
“ONI Subsidiaries”).

2 The plaintiff and the ONI subsidiaries entered into several franchise
agreements with GNC Holdings LLC (“GNC LLC”), a company incorporated in the
United States (“US”). The defendant is a Singapore citizen who is resident in
Hong Kong. He is the director and Vice Chairman of GNC LLC and also holds an
executive position in companies associated with the Harbin Pharmaceutical
Group, which wholly owns GNC LLC.

3 The plaintiff commenced Suit 821 of 2021 against the defendant on 5 October
2021, alleging that the defendant had conspired with GNC LLC and Harbin
Pharmaceutical Group to damage or destroy the plaintiff’s business. The
plaintiff says that the conspiracy was driven by a personal vendetta against
its director, Cynthia Poa (“Poa”), because Poa fought off the defendant’s
attempt to recruit the plaintiff’s management staff into GNC LLC. The
plaintiff says that the defendant had, inter alia:

(a) caused GNC LLC to terminate the ONI Subsidiaries’ internet distribution
rights in Taiwan and Malaysia in January 2021;

(b) caused GNC LLC to terminate the franchise agreements with the ONI
subsidiaries in March 2021;

(c) sought an injunction through arbitration proceedings in the US to compel
the ONI Subsidiaries to surrender their leases, cancel their product
registrations, and stop selling GNC products that the plaintiff had paid for
in Malaysia and Taiwan; and

(d) caused GNC LLC to rescind its approval for the plaintiff to sell certain
“LAC” brand products in the GNC retail stores worldwide.

4 On 3 November 2021, the plaintiff applied ex parte for leave to serve the
suit on the defendant out of jurisdiction, in his Hong Kong office or his
Pennsylvanian office. On 8 November 2021, the court granted the plaintiff
leave to serve out of jurisdiction. Service was effected thereafter, and the
defendant entered an appearance on 9 December 2021. On 17 January 2022, he
applied to challenge and set aside the order for service out of jurisdiction
by way of Summons 2 of 2022.

5 The learned Assistant Registrar (“AR”) Jacqueline Lee set aside the leave to
serve out of jurisdiction for the following reasons:

(a) In relation to GNC LLC’s termination of the ONI Subsidiaries’ internet
distribution rights and franchise agreements, the learned AR took the view
that the ONI subsidiaries had taken the position that the terminations were
unlawful in US arbitration proceedings and the plaintiff cannot take a
diametrically opposite position in Suit 821 of 2021 that the same terminations
were lawful.

(b) In relation to the injunction that GNC LLC sought against the ONI
subsidiaries in the US arbitration proceedings, the learned AR found that the
plaintiff was not the proper party to bring the action and in any event, the
emergency arbitrator in the US arbitration proceedings denied the very
injunction that GNC LLC sought.

(c) In relation to the rescission of the approval for the plaintiff to sell
“LAC” brand products, the learned AR took the view that the plaintiff had no
good arguable case since, on the plaintiff’s own case, GNC LLC’s recission of
approval was purely retaliatory to the plaintiff’s re-identification of its
retail stores in Taiwan and Malaysia and there was no predominant intention to
injure the plaintiff.

6 The plaintiff now appeals against the learned AR’s decision, on the grounds
that:

(a) the AR erred in finding that the plaintiff could not argue lawful means
conspiracy in the present proceedings while its subsidiaries were alleging
unlawful means conspiracy in a separate arbitration proceeding in US. The
plaintiff says that it is not inconsistent for it and the ONI Subsidiaries to
take alternative positions in separate proceedings, because “lawful
conspiracy” and “unlawful conspiracy” are sometimes pleaded as alternative
arguments;

(b) the plaintiff’s claims are not affected by the reflective loss principle
because its losses were direct, not reflective, namely, the loss of valuation
of its own shares and damage to goodwill;

(c) the defendant deserves no protection under the rule in Said v Butt [1920]
2 KB 497 (“Said v Butt”) because the defendant was actuated by malice; and

(d) Singapore is the more appropriate forum because the plaintiff and one of
its subsidiaries are Singapore incorporated companies, the acts of the
conspirators occurred in Singapore and the loss was suffered in Singapore.

7 The prevalent usage of the nomenclatures “lawful conspiracy” and “unlawful
conspiracy” has created the confusion that these are two separate causes of
action, when in fact, they both fall under a claim of conspiracy. In a
conspiracy claim, when the acts by the conspirators are entirely lawful, the
court requires the plaintiff to satisfy a higher threshold, by showing that
the conspirators have a “predominant intention to injure the plaintiff”. If
the plaintiff can show that the “predominant intention” of the conspirators
was to injure the plaintiff, the plaintiff does need to go further to prove
that the conspirators’ actions were lawful. Therefore, I agree with the
plaintiff that it is not inconsistent to plead “lawful conspiracy" and
“unlawful conspiracy” in separate proceedings. However, that does not dispose
of this appeal.

8 Although I agree that the plaintiff and its subsidiaries have not taken
inconsistent positions, I am not satisfied that the plaintiff has shown a
“good and arguable case” under Order 11 rules 1(p) and 1(f) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). First, it is unclear whether the
plaintiff is even the proper plaintiff in this suit. It is trite law that a
shareholder cannot sue for the diminution in their shareholdings or in
distributions they receive as a shareholder as a result of an actionable loss
suffered by their company (Miao Weiguo v Tendcare Medical Group Holdings Pte
Ltd [2021] SGCA 116 at [206]). In the present case, the plaintiff is the sole
shareholder of the ONI Subsidiaries and the ONI Subsidiaries allegedly
suffered a loss of profits as a result of the defendant’s conspiracy. The
plaintiff is barred by the reflective loss principle to sue for any loss of
dividends or loss of share value as a result of the losses of its
subsidiaries.

9 The plaintiff seeks to get around the reflective loss rule by arguing that
it has suffered a loss of goodwill. However, the loss of goodwill is not a
recognized category of loss that is recoverable under a claim for conspiracy
(Arul Chandran v Gartshore and others [2000] 1 SLR(R) 436 at [14]). It should
be noted that the ONI Subsidiaries have commenced arbitration proceedings in
the US against GNC LLC for the losses that they have sustained from the
alleged conspiracy. That raises the prospect of double-recovery should the
plaintiff be allowed to pursue the present suit.

10 Second, the plaintiff failed to show a “good and arguable case” that the
defendant had a predominant intention to injure the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s
statement of claim contains bare assertions that the defendant had a
predominant intention to injure the plaintiff and that the conspiratorial acts
were motivated by malice. The plaintiff seeks the court to draw an inference
that there was a predominant intention to injure since the alleged
conspiratorial acts “conferred no or no substantial benefit to the defendant
or the GNC entities”. However, these suppositions are entirely speculative —
the defendant could have been acting in what they perceived to be their best
interest, in which case, there would not be a predominant intention to injure
the plaintiff (Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff v Harun bin Syed Hussain Aljunied
[2017] 3 SLR 386 at [65]).

11 In the present case, the defendant has provided adequate explanations as to
why the alleged conspiratorial acts were in furtherance of GNC LLC’s business
strategies. For instance, Ms Cheri Mullen, Chief International Officer of GNC
LLC, explained in her affidavit that one of the reasons GNC LLC terminated the
franchise agreements with the ONI Subsidiaries was that the ONI Subsidiaries
had failed to meet the minimum purchase amounts for more than two years in a
row. Ms Mullen also explained that GNC LLC terminated the ONI Subsidiaries’
exclusive internet rights in Malaysia and Taiwan because of GNC LLC’s
strategic decision to expand into the e-commerce market, and that similar
discussions were made with other international markets. The plaintiff was not
singled out as it had imagined. I am not satisfied that there is a “good and
arguable case” that the defendant had a predominant intention to injure the
plaintiff.

12 Third, the plaintiff has not shown a “good and arguable case” that the
defendant should not be protected under the Said v Butt rule, which provides
that a director who acts bona fide within the scope of his authority is immune
from tortious liability for procuring his company’s breach of contract, even
if he had the predominant intention of causing loss to another (PT Sandipala
Arthaputra and others v ST Microelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others
[2018] 1 SLR 818 at [56]). For cases of lawful conspiracy, “something more”
beyond a predominant intention to injure would be required to take the
director out of the protection of the Said v Butt rule (Chong Hon Kuan v Levy
Maurice and others [2004] 4 SLR(R) 801 at [46]). In the present case, the
defendant is the director and Vice Chairman of GNC LLC, and the alleged
conspiratorial acts were actions decided upon by the management of GNC LLC. As
mentioned above, the defendant has provided adequate explanations on why the
alleged conspiratorial acts were in furtherance of GNC LLC’s business
interests. The plaintiff’s bare assertion that the defendant acted with malice
is surely insufficient to deny the defendant protection under Said v Butt.

13 For the aforementioned reasons, I am not satisfied that there is a
sufficient degree on merit to grant the plaintiff leave to serve out of
jurisdiction. Given my findings, it is unnecessary for me to deal with the
issue of forum non conveniens, save to say that I would have found that
Singapore is not the more appropriate forum. This is especially when the ONI
Subsidiaries have commenced parallel arbitration proceedings in the US against
GNC LLC for the wrongful termination of the internet distribution rights and
franchise agreements. It is true that the named parties in the two proceedings
are different, but the common facts in the two proceedings create a risk of
conflicting judgment. The present proceeding in the Singapore courts is a
deliberate bid by the plaintiff to hedge its bets and to have two attempts to
win — if the plaintiff’s subsidiaries lose in the US arbitration proceedings,
the plaintiff can still stand a chance to obtain a conflicting judgment in the
present proceedings. In the light of the risk of conflicting judgments, it is
more appropriate for the entire matter to be resolved in the US arbitration
proceedings, and for the plaintiff to be added as a party. The defendant will
presumably have no objections given that GNC LLC had filed a motion on 4 May
2022 to add the plaintiff as a party to the arbitration in the first place.

14 The plaintiff’s appeal is dismissed. I will hear parties on cost at a later
date if it is not agreed upon by the parties.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  

Lee Sien Liang Joseph, Qabir Singh Sandhu, Joshua Ling and Law May Ning (LVM
Law Chambers LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Melvin See Hsien Huei, Lavan Vickneson and Alexander Kamsany Lee (Dentons
Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 20 Jun 2022 (08:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

