Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 312

Originating Application No 670 of 2022

In the matter of Section 204 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd (in compulsory
liquidation)  
---  
  
Between

Song Jianbo  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Funding by creditors]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Song Jianbo

  
v

  

Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)

[2022] SGHC 312

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 670 of 2022  
Goh Yihan JC  
3 November 2022

13 December 2022

Goh Yihan JC:

1 The claimant was Mr Song Jianbo. This was his application to be given an
advantage under s 204(3) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018 (Act 40 of 2018) (“IRDA”), subject to and conditional upon a creditor
funding agreement to recover assets (“the Creditor’s Funding Agreement”) being
entered into between the claimant and the liquidators from Alternative
Advisors Pte Ltd (“the Liquidator”) of the defendant, Sunmax Global Capital
Fund 1 Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) (“the Company”).

2 The proposed salient terms of the Creditor’s Funding Agreement between the
claimant and the Liquidator were these:

(a) that the Liquidator distributes to the claimant:

(i) out of any assets in the Liquidator’s hands, which assets the Liquidator
has recovered (“the Recovered Assets”) by reason of the indemnity given under
the Creditor’s Funding Agreement (“the Indemnity”); or

(ii) out of the expenses of the liquidation which the Liquidator may recover
and for which expenses the claimant has indemnified the Liquidator under the
Indemnity up to but no more than 100% of the sums which the claimant may pay
under the Indemnity, with the claimant to rank for such distribution in
priority to all other unsecured creditors of the Company, including any
creditor of the Company who is conferred priority by s 203(1) of the IRDA; and

(b) the Liquidator shall distribute to the claimant out of any Recovered
Assets up to, but no more than, 100% of the debt which the Liquidator duly
adjudicates as owing by the Company to the claimant to rank for such
distribution in priority to all other unsecured creditors of the Company,
including any creditor of the Company who is conferred priority by s 203(1) of
the IRDA.

3 At the end of the hearing before me on 3 November 2022, I allowed the
claimant’s application. Despite being served with the relevant papers and
being notified of the hearing, the Company was not represented at that
hearing. The claimant was represented by Mr Christopher Woo, Ms Wu Siyue, and
Ms Nadine Neo from Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC. While probably knowing beforehand
from the Company’s lack of responses that it would not be turning up for the
hearing, the claimant’s solicitors tendered a very comprehensive set of
written submissions. I found the submissions especially helpful since there
has not been a local reported decision dealing with s 204 of the IRDA.
Accordingly, given the comprehensiveness of the claimant’s submissions and the
lack of relevant case law, I set out my reasons for allowing the claimant’s
application in these grounds. In doing so, I record my appreciation for the
assistance of the claimant’s solicitors through their written and oral
submissions.

Background facts

4 To begin with, I considered the background facts of the claimant’s
application. The claimant is a judgment creditor of the Company. On 5 August
2022, upon the claimant’s application, the Company was ordered to be wound up.
After the Liquidator was appointed following this, the claimant informed the
Liquidator of various suspicious transactions that had taken place prior to
the Company being wound up. The Liquidator thereafter conducted preliminary
investigations that included meetings with Mr Li Hua (“Mr Li”), a former
director of the Company, on 4 September 2022 and 19 September 2022.

5 On 29 and 30 September 2022, the Liquidator wrote to the Company’s creditors
to set out the areas that required investigation or possible recovery action.
The Liquidator highlighted that the Company had no moneys or assets that could
be used to fund those investigative or recovery efforts. As such, the
Liquidator requested the creditors of the Company to consider providing the
necessary funds for him to do so.

6 On 6 and 10 October 2022, the claimant responded through his solicitors that
he was willing to fund the Liquidator’s investigative and recovery efforts.
The claimant also indicated that he would be willing to provide an indemnity
in respect of the Liquidator’s costs and expenses directly incurred as a
result of these efforts.

7 On 11 October 2022, the Liquidator informed the claimant that, except for
the claimant, none of the Company’s other creditors had offered funding. In
the circumstances, the Liquidator agreed to the claimant’s provision of
funding and request for an advantage under the provisions of the IRDA, but
subject to the establishment of certain conditions and safeguards.
Accordingly, the claimant and the Liquidator agreed to enter into the
Creditor’s Funding Agreement. Apart from the provision of funding and
indemnification of the Liquidator’s costs and expenses, this Creditor’s
Funding Agreement also contained certain safeguards requested by the
Liquidator.

The relevant issues

8 Given the background facts outlined above, as well as the claimant’s
application, I considered the following to be the issues that I had to decide:

(a) Should an order under s 204(3) of the IRDA be granted to the claimant?

(b) What should be the terms of such an order under s 204(3) of the IRDA, such
as the proportion of the award, and the extent of the claimant’s advantage?

(c) What safeguards, if any, should be incorporated into the Creditor’s
Funding Agreement?

9 In my view, it is helpful to distinguish between (a) whether to grant an
order under s 204(3) of the IRDA at all, and (b) the specific terms of such an
order (such as the extent of a claimant’s advantage), if granted. While the
two issues may overlap to the extent that the specific terms may affect the
decision whether to grant an order in the first place, it is conceptually and
practically neater to consider them separately.

Whether an order under s 204(3) of the IRDA should be granted to the claimant

10 I turned then to the first issue, which is whether an order under s 204(3)
of the IRDA should even be granted in favour of the claimant.

The applicable law

The relevant legislative provisions and their purposes

11 In deciding this issue, I turned first to the applicable law. I began with
s 204 of the IRDA, which provides as follows:

Funding by creditors

204.—(1) Where in any winding up —

(a) assets have been recovered under an indemnity for costs of litigation
given by certain creditors;

(b) assets have been protected or preserved by the payment of moneys or the
giving of an indemnity by certain creditors; or

(c) expenses in relation to which a creditor has indemnified a liquidator have
been recovered,

the Court may make such order as it thinks just with respect to the
distribution of those assets and the amount of those expenses so recovered,
with a view to giving those creditors an advantage over others in
consideration of the risks run by those creditors in giving those indemnities
or paying those moneys.

(2) Any creditor may apply to the Court for an order under subsection (3)
prior to —

(a) giving an indemnity for costs of litigation for recovering any assets;

(b) paying any moneys or giving an indemnity to protect or preserve any
assets; or

(c) indemnifying a liquidator in relation to the liquidator’s expenses.

(3) On an application by a creditor under subsection (2), the Court may, for
the purpose of giving the creditor an advantage over others in consideration
of the risks to be run by that creditor in giving the indemnity or payment for
the purposes mentioned in that subsection, grant an order with respect to the
distribution of —

(a) the assets mentioned in subsection (2)(a) that may be successfully
recovered;

(b) the assets mentioned in subsection (2)(b) that may be successfully
protected or preserved; or

(c) the amount of expenses mentioned in subsection (2)(c) that may be
successfully recovered.

The accompanying explanatory statement to the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Bill (Bill No 32/2018) neatly summarises the utility of the
provision as such: “Clause 204 provides that the Court may make an order with
respect to the distribution of assets recovered, protected or preserved to
give an advantage to a creditor who runs certain risks for purposes of
recovering, protecting or preserving those assets”.

12 Section 204 of the IRDA was based on s 328(10) of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”) (the section has since been repealed).
This section had simply provided as follows:

Priorities

328.— …

…

(10) Where in any winding up assets have been recovered under an indemnity for
costs of litigation given by certain creditors, or have been protected or
preserved by the payment of moneys or the giving of indemnity by creditors, or
where expenses in relation to which a creditor has indemnified a liquidator
have been recovered, the Court may make such order as it thinks just with
respect to the distribution of those assets and the amount of those expenses
so recovered with a view to giving those creditors an advantage over others in
consideration of the risks run by them in so doing.

As can be observed, the main difference between s 204 of the IRDA and s
328(10) of the Companies Act is that the latter only provided for
retrospective orders, in the sense that the court may make a relevant order
only after the relevant assets had been recovered, protected, or preserved, or
after the relevant expenses had been recovered. In contrast, s 204(2) of the
IRDA now allows the court to make, in addition to retrospective orders,
prospective orders prior to the giving of an indemnity by a creditor. This
means that a court can make a relevant order before the relevant assets have
been recovered, protected, or preserved, or before the relevant expenses have
been recovered. I will explain the reason for this difference below.

13 Taking a step back, the broad purpose behind s 204 of the IRDA and s
328(10) of the Companies Act is to cater for the situation where a company
under liquidation may not have enough assets to fund the conduct of
investigation and litigation for the recovery of assets that may have been
improperly disposed of, or to pursue claims against the company’s own officers
or third parties (see Report of the Insolvency Law Review Committee: Final
Report (Chair: Lee Eng Beng SC) (2013) at p 72 (“Final Report”)). In such a
situation, the liquidator may be driven by the circumstances to raise funds
from creditors, contributories, or litigation funding parties. However, as is
obvious, these parties will necessarily assume a significant amount of risk
given the state of the company concerned. As such, it may not be sufficient
for the funding to be provided merely on terms that the funding parties will
be repaid in priority to the payment of any other debts or liabilities of the
company. Rather, the funding party may, quite legitimately, seek a proportion
of the fruits of recovery as consideration for funding the investigative or
recovery efforts (see Final Report at p 72).

14 Quite apart from the liquidator selling part of the fruits of recovery to a
funding party pursuant to s 144(2)(b) of the IRDA (based on s 272(2)(c) of the
Companies Act and discussed in the Final Report at pp 72–73), the liquidator
may seek recourse to s 204 of the IRDA. As mentioned earlier, s 204 is an
updated version from the predecessor version in s 328(10) of the Companies
Act, which was in turn “based on Australian legislation” (see Final Report at
p 74). For completeness, there is no counterpart in English legislation:
“[t]his subsection enabling the court to give an advantage to such creditors,
is not in the English legislation” (see Woon’s Corporations Law (Walter Woon
gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2021, Issue 26) at para 5470).

15 In this regard, as noted by the High Court in Re Vanguard Energy Pte Ltd
[2015] 4 SLR 597 (“Re Vanguard Energy”) at [54], s 328(10) of the Companies
Act is in pari materia with s 564 of the Australian Corporations Act 2001
(Cth) (“the Australian Corporations Act”) (there are also analogues found in
the predecessor provision within s 292(10) of the Companies Act 1961 (No 6839
of 1961) (Aust) and other provisions such as s 450 of the Companies (New South
Wales) Code (“the Companies (NSW) Code”)). Section 564 of the Australian
Corporations Act states as follows:

Power of Court to make orders in favour of certain creditors

Where in any winding up:

(a) property has been recovered under an indemnity for costs of litigation
given by certain creditors, or has been protected or preserved by the payment
of money or the giving of indemnity by creditors; or

(b) expenses in relation to which a creditor has indemnified a liquidator have
been recovered;

the Court may make such orders, as it deems just with respect to the
distribution of that property and the amount of those expenses so recovered
with a view to giving those creditors an advantage over others in
consideration of the risk assumed by them.

This provision provides for an exception to the usual rule of pari passu
treatment of unsecured creditors within the respective classes in the winding
up and must be justified by strong policy objectives and clear public
purposes. The Australian courts have recognised that the policy behind the
Australian equivalent is to give the court “a broad and general discretion and
one that is to be exercised having regard to the desirability in the public
interest of encouraging creditors to indemnify liquidators who desire to
pursue claims in the winding up of companies” (see Re Ken Godfrey Pty Ltd (in
liq) (1994) 14 ACSR 610 at 612).

16 In the landmark decision of the New South Wales Court of Appeal in State
Bank of New South Wales and Another v Brown (as liq of Parkston Ltd (in liq))
and Others (2001) 38 ACSR 715 (“State Bank (NSW)”), Hodgson JA sought to
elaborate further upon the two public purposes involved in the encouragement
of pursuit of claims by liquidators (at [91]). These were, first, to benefit
creditors and shareholders generally (by enhancing the assets for
distribution), and second, to recover property from wrongdoers and hence
discourage misconduct in relation to companies. These objectives reflect the
public interest dimension in proceedings by liquidators. Conversely, it is not
the object of the section to encourage litigation for the sake of litigation
(at [91]). In my view, Hodgson JA’s sentiments also applied equally to the
Singapore context.

17 However, as pointed out in the Final Report at p 74, the main drawback of s
328(10) of the Companies Act was that a court can make an order only after the
relevant assets have been recovered, protected, or preserved, or after the
relevant expenses have been recovered. Thus, at the point of providing the
funds or indemnity, the funding creditors would have no assurance that the
court will make an order giving them an advantage over other creditors in
consideration of the risks assumed by them. There was also no certainty as to
the terms of such an order. This is the inherent weakness of a retrospective
order. Indeed, this point was also elaborated upon in Re Vanguard Energy at
[54]:

… This interpretation of s 328(10) [ie, that the court has no jurisdiction to
make an order in advance of recovery, protection or preservation] could reduce
the usefulness of the provision since creditors might be reluctant to provide
funding without first having comfort that the risks they are taking will
result in a more advantageous distribution for them. The counter-argument is
that it may be premature to make an order in advance as there may not be
sufficient information available at that stage to enable [the] court to decide
what is just. In any event, the language in s 328(10) is clear in this regard
and any changes will have to be effected by Parliament.

Accordingly, the Final Report had proposed in Recommendation 5.5, and
Parliament eventually accepted (see Second Reading of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Bill (Bill No 32/2018), Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (1 October 2018) vol 94 (Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Senior
Minister of State for Law)), that s 328(10) should be amended to allow
creditors to apply to court for an order in advance of providing the funding
or indemnity for a prospective order. This then resulted in the enactment of s
204 of the IRDA, and pertinently, the sub-provisions in ss 204(2) and 204(3)
of the IRDA.

18 In particular, ss 204(2) and 204(3) of the IRDA now give the court a
discretion, with respect to the distribution of assets that may successfully
be recovered, protected, or preserved, to grant a creditor an advantage over
others in consideration of the risks assumed by that creditor in giving an
indemnity or providing funding for the purposes of recovering, protecting, or
preserving assets, or indemnifying a liquidator in respect to its expenses.
Importantly, an order made under s 204(3) of the IRDA is a prospective order
in that it can be sought before the relevant assets have been recovered,
protected, or preserved, or before the relevant expenses have been recovered.
The power to make a retrospective order under s 328(10) of the Companies Act
is still preserved by s 204(1) of the IRDA.

The relevant factors in the grant of a prospective order under s 204(3) of the
IRDA

19 Having set out the relevant legislative background, I turned to consider
the relevant factors in the grant of a prospective order under s 204(3) of the
IRDA.

20 I considered first a preliminary point. Apart from the fact that there are
few local authorities which have discussed s 328(10) of the Companies Act (I
note that the unreported decision of Ladbroke Investments S.A. & 2 Ors v
Agrosin Private Limited (in liquidation) HC/OS 710/2019 (4 October 2019) is
one of the rare cases in Singapore where the court gave an advantage under s
328(10)), the provision of a prospective order under s 204(3) of the IRDA is a
relatively novel development that finds little similarity in other
jurisdictions (apart from the Australian jurisdiction). As such, even the
foreign cases which discussed the relevant factors would have done so in
respect of the grant of a retrospective order and not be directly on point in
relation to a prospective order under s 204(3) (in fact, the Australian court
will only hear the applications after the successful outcome of the funded
proceedings and has no jurisdiction to make an order in advance (see Bell
Group Ltd (in liq) v Westpac Banking Corporation (1996) 18 WAR 21; Deputy
Commissioner of Taxation v Currockbilly Pty Ltd (2002) 172 FLR 99)). However,
this was not a material difference in my view. As the claimant pointed out,
the main differences between a prospective and retrospective order are (a) the
information available to the creditors, and (b) the certainty of recovery of
any assets. These differences are not so material as to render the factors
discussed in respect of retrospective orders irrelevant to prospective orders.
As such, I drew on foreign cases that discussed factors relevant to
retrospective orders (in effect, based on s 328(10) of the Companies Act and
now s 204(1) of the IRDA) and considered that those factors applied equally to
the grant of a retrospective order under s 204(3) of the IRDA.

21 I turned to examine the Australian cases which are authoritative. The
seminal decision in Australia is Household Financial Services Pty Ltd v Chase
Medical Centre Pty Ltd (1995) 18 ACSR 294 (“Household Financial Services”). In
interpreting the relevant provision, Brownie J laid down a non-exhaustive list
of factors that the court should take into account when exercising its
discretion (at 296–297):

The last words of s 564 [of the Australian Corporations Act] provide for, and
the authorities accent the need to assess the risk run by the indemnifying
creditors, for whose benefit an application is made, but the authorities show
that it is also appropriate to look to the sum recovered (or the value of the
property recovered), the failure of other creditors to provide the indemnity,
the proportions between the debts of the indemnifying creditors and the other
debts, the public interest in encouraging creditors to provide indemnities so
as to enable assets to be recovered, and, generally, the totality of the
circumstances; and there has been a tendency in recent times to adopt a more
liberal approach, in favour of indemnifying creditors. …

The guidance by Brownie J still remains relevant within the contemporary
Australian jurisprudence (see, eg, the decision of the Federal Court of
Australia in Hamilton, in the matter of Aquagenics Pty Ltd (in liq) v
Tasmanian Water & Sewerage Corporation Pty Ltd [2022] FCA 530 (“Hamilton”) at
[68]).

22 Notably the list of factors set out in Household Financial Services under s
564 of the Australian Corporations Act is also similarly applied in the
context of bankruptcy under s 109(10) of the Australian Bankruptcy Act 1966
(Cth) (“the Australian Bankruptcy Act”) – which is the analogue provision in a
bankruptcy situation (see Michael Murray and Jason Harris, Keay’s Insolvency:
Personal and Corporate Law and Practice (Thomson Reuters, 10th Ed, 2018) at p
618). In addressing the relevant factors to be considered in the exercise of
discretion conferred, Nicholas J said this in Re Woodgate (in his capacity as
trustee in bankruptcy of the bankrupt estate of Eaton) [2010] FCA 550 (“Re
Woodgate”) at [5]:

There are a number of matters that are of significance in an application of
this kind which are weighed up when deciding whether to make an order under s
109(10). These include:

• the risk run, and costs incurred, by the indemnifying creditor;

• the complexity of the proceedings in respect of which the indemnity is
given;

• the sum recovered (or the value of the property recovered);

• the opportunity afforded to other creditors to provide indemnity;

• the failure of other creditors to provide indemnity;

• the proportions between the debts of the indemnifying creditor and the other
debts;

• the opposition or support of other creditors to the application for
priority; and

• the public interest in encouraging creditors to provide indemnities so as to
enable assets to be recovered.

23 Having regard then to those Australian cases, and with the appropriate
modifications being made (some factors concerning the grant of retrospective
orders that would not be applicable when granting a prospective order, such as
assessing “the sum recovered (or the value of the property recovered)”), I
agreed with the claimant that the following general non-exhaustive list of
factors should be considered in the grant of a prospective order under s
204(3) of the IRDA:

(a) the complexity and necessity of the proceedings in respect of which the
funding or indemnity is given;

(b) the extent of the funding or indemnity to be provided, and the level of
risk to be undertaken and the costs to be borne by the funding creditor;

(c) the failure of other creditors to provide funding or indemnity and whether
the other creditors were given the opportunity to do so;

(d) the emergence of other creditors between the making of the order and the
date of a distribution under the order to the funding creditor;

(e) the public interest in encouraging creditors to provide funding or
indemnity to enable assets to be recovered; and

(f) the presence or absence of any objections from the other creditors, the
liquidator, or the Official Assignee.

24 I considered some of these factors in greater detail and elaborate on them
further in the course of deciding to grant an order in favour of the claimant
under s 204(3) of the IRDA.

My decision: an order under s 204(3) should be granted in favour of the
claimant

25 In coming to my decision that an order under s 204(3) should be granted in
favour of the claimant, I considered the following factors.

The necessity of the proceedings for which the funding and indemnity are given

26 First, I considered that the proceedings for which the claimant’s funding
and indemnity are given, which are the Liquidator’s investigative and recovery
efforts, were necessary in the present case. These efforts were necessary to
drive the liquidation forward. Thus, I agreed with the claimant that there
remained a number of outstanding matters for which investigations are required
to progress the liquidation and realise the Company’s assets.

27 In this regard, it is orthodox for a liquidator to seek funding from
creditors with a view to meeting the costs and expenses associated with
preliminary investigations into the affairs of the company. This is done to
gather more information as the gathering of information is a precursor to
progressing any recovery proceedings. In such cases, the indemnification by
the creditor would enable the liquidator to further determine whether the
company had viable claims to pursue (see the decision of the Federal Court of
Australia in Lombe, Re Babcock & Brown Ltd (in liq) [2012] FCA 107 (“Lombe, Re
Babcock”) at [26]–[27], where the information garnered from the public
examination enabled the liquidator to formulate a more advanced theory of the
potential causes of action against certain directors and anticipate any
recovery which might result). In my view, there were some grounds for
investigation in the present case.

28 In particular, I was satisfied that there were a number of transactions
which suggested that the former director, Mr Li, might have removed assets of
the Company to place them beyond the reach of the creditors through a series
of suspicious transactions, albeit, I emphasise that I was not making any
substantive findings in respect of these transactions. But, I was satisfied
that these transactions raised a sufficient degree of suspicion to warrant the
Liquidator’s further investigations. Also, there were ongoing proceedings
involving the Company in the High Court for which the Liquidator required
legal advice. Finally, the Liquidator had not obtained the Company’s complete
records, accounts, and bank statements. This hindered the Liquidator’s efforts
to identify the whereabouts of the Company’s assets for distribution to the
creditors.

29 These were all matters which the Liquidator needed to deal with so as to
progress the Company’s liquidation. Equally, these were all matters for which
the Liquidator required funding to do. Accordingly, I concluded that
proceedings for which the claimant’s funding and indemnity were given, which
were the Liquidator’s investigative and recovery efforts, were necessary in
the present case. Put differently, if the Liquidator did not have the funding
to attend to these matters, the Company’s liquidation would not progress and
there would be no assets to be distributed to the creditors. This would not
have been satisfactory. As such, the necessity of the Liquidator’s
investigative and recovery efforts comprised a strong factor in favour of
granting the order under s 204(3) of the IRDA.

The extent of funding and indemnity to be provided and level of risk
undertaken by the funding creditor

30 Second, I considered that the level of risk undertaken by the claimant,
considering the extent of funding and indemnity to be provided, as well as
other facts, was sufficiently high so as to justify the grant of an order
under s 204(3) of the IRDA. The time at which to assess the risk undertaken
should be “at the time a commitment is first made to fund that litigation and
thereafter throughout the funding period” (see Re Russell (in his capacity as
official liquidator) Parkston Ltd (in liq) (2000) 35 ACSR 114 at 123).

31 In assessing the level of risk undertaken by the claimant, I am conscious
of Hodgson JA’s statement in State Bank (NSW) (at [94]) that the words “risk
assumed” in s 450 of the Companies (NSW) Code refer “primarily to the risk as
reasonably perceived by the funding or indemnifying creditors at the time of
making payments or giving indemnity”. In the context of s 450, which related
to a retrospective order, the learned judge also thought that the actual
outcome (which would have become known) would be relevant in “assessing what
risk would reasonably have been perceived when payments were actually made or
when indemnities given” (see also, Lombe, Re Babcock at [48]). While the
expression “risk assumed” is not found in s 204(3) of the IRDA, it is similar
to the expression that does appear, which is “risks to be run”. As such, I was
of the view that Hodgson JA’s view is equally applicable in the local context.

32 In furtherance of Hodgson JA’s general guidance as to the “reasonable
perception” of risk, I concluded further that the following non-exhaustive
list of factors would be helpful in assessing such a reasonable perception in
the present case.

33 First, I considered the complexity of the litigation contemplated. In this
regard, the risk would be considered to be high where “litigation supported
was complex and turned on issues of fact, inherently susceptible to the
unpredicted hazards of litigation” (see State Bank (NSW) at [39]) or where the
actions brought to recover, protect, or preserve the company’s assets were
“strenuously opposed” (see Household Financial Services at 297). In the
present case, I was satisfied that the outstanding matters which the
Liquidator had to attend to, including the investigations into Mr Li’s
possible removal of the Company’s assets, would turn on issues of fact and
which could be rather complex. While I did not know if Mr Li would strenuously
oppose such investigative efforts, I was satisfied that Mr Li had not been
entirely forthcoming and so a good deal of effort would be needed to uncover
what had happened in any event. Accordingly, I assessed the claimant’s
reasonable perception of risk to be high in consideration of this first
factor.

34 Second, I also considered the extent of funding to be provided, and whether
the “monies advanced by an indemnifying creditor to fund (for example)
speculative litigation may be lost” (see the Federal Court of Australia
decision of Low v Barnet (Trustee) [2017] FCAFC 60 (“Low v Barnet”) at [34]).
There is a real risk for creditors that the amounts which they ventured would
not be recovered when the liquidator had little information to support the
potential claims and the creditors who contributed therefore “knew almost
nothing” about the case against the company (see Lombe, Re Babcock at [49]).
In the present case, while the claimant did not advance a precise figure of
the funding he was going to provide the Liquidator with, it was clear to me
that this figure was likely to be substantial, considering the extent of
investigative and recovery efforts required. Moreover, I considered that there
was real likelihood that the claimant could end up with nothing in return for
his provision of funding. I concluded thus because at the time of the
application, the Company did not even have a bank account, let alone any
assets. Accordingly, I assessed the claimant’s reasonable perception of risk
to be high in consideration of this second factor.

35 Third, I also considered the timing when the claimant provided the funding
and indemnity to the Liquidator. In this regard, in the New South Wales
Supreme Court decision of Re Shepherds Producers Co-Operative Ltd (in liq)
[2012] NSWSC 390 (“Re Shepherds”), Black J granted an order for the funding
creditors to be given an advantage pursuant to s 564 of the Australian
Corporations Act because, among others, the “funding was provided by funding
creditors at an early stage where success of the liquidators’ investigation
and subsequent proceedings was by no means assured … [such] that the funding
provided to the liquidators would be at risk” and also that “the funding was
provided at a time when it was critical” (at [11]). In the present case, the
claimant had offered to provide the funding and indemnity at the beginning of
the Company’s winding up process, which was only ordered in August 2022,
before any proper examination of the Company’s affairs was done. As such, the
claimant would be taking a high risk in providing the funding and indemnity at
this early stage because not much was known about the eventual success of the
Liquidator’s investigative and recovery efforts. Accordingly, I assessed the
claimant’s reasonable perception of risk to be high in consideration of this
third factor.

36 Taken in the round, and in consideration of these three specific factors, I
concluded that the level of risk undertaken by the claimant was sufficiently
high so as to justify the grant of an order under s 204(3) of the IRDA.

The failure of other creditors to provide funding when given the opportunity
to do so

37 Third, I considered the failure of the other creditors to provide funding
when given the opportunity to do so in the present case. In Re Shepherds,
Black J considered (at [11]) that where creditors had an opportunity to
provide funding but did not do so, that would be a factor in favour of
conferring an advantage on the creditors who did provide funds. In the present
case, despite the Liquidator having written to the Company’s creditors about
the provision of funding and an indemnity, only the claimant responded
positively. As such, the claimant’s willingness to provide funding and an
indemnity, in contrast to the Company’s other creditors, comprised a strong
factor in favour of granting the order under s 204(3) of the IRDA.

38 In this connection, I would like to add that whether or not all creditors
were offered an equal opportunity to provide funding is a relevant
consideration when the court exercises its discretion (see Re Glenisia
Investments Pty Ltd (in liq) (1995) 19 ACSR 84 at 87; Allquip (WA) Pty Ltd (in
liq) v Allan (1997) 25 ACSR 765 at 767). Indeed, if some creditors were not
notified of this opportunity to contribute, then it may not be “just” to make
the order in favour of the indemnifying creditor only whilst excluding the
rest from the process. As a general rule, all of the significant creditors,
including those contingent creditors, should be given an opportunity to join
in funding recovery claims (see State Bank (NSW) at [106]). But as this issue
did not arise on the facts of the present case, I say no more about it.

The public interest in encouraging creditors to provide funding or indemnity
to enable assets to be recovered

39 Fourth, there is a public interest in encouraging a creditor to provide
funding when there is some allegation of misfeasance by the former director of
the company. Advantage over other creditors has been granted to a creditor in
situations involving a case where the creditor’s indemnification was provided
to support a liquidator in pursuing misfeasance claims against directors such
as insolvent trading claims (see the Supreme Court of New South Wales decision
in Jarbin Pty Ltd v Clutha Ltd (In liq) (2004) 208 ALR 242 (“Jarbin Pty Ltd”))
or for the recovery of company funds used to discharge the director’s personal
debt (see the Supreme Court of New South Wales decision in Re Proficient
Building Company Pty Ltd (2011) 87 ACSR 183). This would go toward the
objective of discouraging misconduct in relation to companies (see above at
[16]).

40 As I had alluded to above at [28] (without making any substantive findings
in respect of these), in the present case, there were a number of alleged
suspicious transactions by the former director which took place prior to the
winding up of the Company that warranted further investigation. These
transactions included the following: (a) from the period between 7 May 2021
and 22 September 2021, Mr Li appeared to have withdrawn or received large sums
of money from the Company, and (b) between the period of 2019 and August 2021,
the substantial assets and moneys of the Company were transferred to Mr Li’s
ex-wife through the disposal of a number of properties. Thus, there were a
number of alleged transactions which raised a sufficient degree of suspicion
that Mr Li, the then-director of the Company, had removed and siphoned assets
of the Company in order to place them beyond the reach of the creditors. This
was a matter of public importance that the Liquidator needed to investigate
and was a factor in favour of granting the order under s 204(3) of the IRDA.

The absence of any objections from the other creditors, the Liquidator, or the
Official Assignee

41 Finally, I also considered that there were no objections from the other
creditors, the Liquidator or the Official Assignee (see Lombe, Re Babcock at
[53]: “ no one has expressed opposition to the proposed orders. In all of the
circumstances, I consider that it is appropriate to accede to the Liquidator’s
application”; Re Shepherds at [12]). In fact, the Liquidator had indicated his
support for the claimant’s present application.

Summary

42 In summary, having regard to (a) the necessity of the proceedings for which
the claimant’s funding and indemnity were to be given, (b) the high level of
risk undertaken by the claimant in providing such funding and indemnity, (c)
the failure of the Company’s other creditors to provide funding when given the
opportunity to do so, (d) the public interest involved, and (e) the absence of
objections to the claimant’s present application, I concluded that this was an
appropriate case to make an order under s 204(3) of the IRDA in favour of the
claimant. More specifically, I was satisfied that the claimant should be given
an advantage over other creditors in consideration of the risks to be run by
him in giving the funding and indemnity for the purposes of recovering,
protecting, or preserving the Company’s assets.

43 However, this was only part of the issues contemplated by s 204(3) of the
IRDA. I next had to consider how the assets that may be recovered, protected,
or preserved were to be distributed. This relates to the terms of the order
under s 204(3), which I come to next.

What should be the terms of such an order under s 204(3) of the IRDA

44 Section 204(3) of the IRDA allows me, for the purpose of giving a funding
creditor an advantage over others, to grant an order with respect to the
distribution of the assets that may be successfully recovered, protected, or
preserved, and also with respect to the amount of expenses that may be
successfully recovered. However, s 204(3) is otherwise silent on how this
order, which is generally to confer an advantage on the funding creditor,
should be framed. This is the general question that I explain in this section.
There were two issues that I considered at the hearing, namely (a) the extent
of the award out of the assets successfully recovered, protected, or preserved
that was due to the claimant, and (b) the extent of the claimant’s advantage
over the other creditors, including over the statutory rights of preferential
creditors under s 203(1) of the IRDA.

The extent of the award

The applicable law

45 The starting point is that the power of the court to grant an advantage to
the funding creditor in distribution is limited to the assets that have been
protected, recovered, or preserved as a result of the funding from the
creditor. Thus, in the Supreme Court of Western Australia decision of Re Kyra
Nominees Pty Ltd (in liq) (1987) 11 ACLR 767 at 773, Franklyn J, in applying s
290(10) of the Companies Act 1961 (WA) (which is similar to s 204(1) of the
IRDA), said this (at 773):

… In my view it is quite clear from the sub-section that the giving of an
indemnity or the payment of money which results in assets being protected or
preserved does not give the creditor giving or paying the same any right to an
advantage in distribution out of assets other than those so protected or
preserved, and that, if such assets, having been recovered in whole or part,
are then otherwise expended or distributed by the liquidator the court cannot
make up for that fact by ordering a distribution of other assets to give those
creditors an advantage over other creditors in consideration of the risk taken
by them. A further complication exists in that the funds paid were not
entirely applied toward the protection and preservation of the assets the
subject of the two actions and to the extent that they were not so applied
they cannot be said to have been moneys which protected or preserved the
assets in question. …

It has thus been held in Australia that to come within the scope of the
section, all that is needed is that the property which has been recovered,
protected, or preserved be property which is ultimately distributable in the
liquidation of the company (see Hamilton at [65] citing Jarbin Pty Ltd at
[58]). In the local context, the meaning of the relevant “assets” is self-
evident from the terms of s 204(3), which refer specifically to the assets
mentioned in ss 204(2)(a) and 204(2)(b), and the expenses mentioned in s
204(2)(c).

46 Also, an order to award 100% of assets protected, recovered, or preserved
by the liquidator would relate to the debt owed by the company to a funding
creditor but not anything beyond that. Thus, in Low v Barnet, the appellant,
who had funded the trustee’s successful recovery of property during the
bankruptcy, was paid in full from the proceeds of the recovery proceedings.
The appellant was reimbursed the money she had advanced to the trustee to
commence the recovery proceedings. However, her claim for payment from the
remaining proceeds of the recovery proceedings as a reward for the “personal
and financial” assistance she provided was rejected. In the context of s
109(10) of the the Australian Bankruptcy Act, which is the bankruptcy
equivalent to s 204(1) of the IRDA, the Federal Court of Australia held that s
109(10) was not intended to confer an advantage upon the indemnifying creditor
beyond the risk assumed. In particular, the court held (at [36]) that the
indemnifying creditor should not be conferred a “‘windfall’ … beyond that
which is necessary to give effect to the ‘advantage’ of the indemnifying
creditor over other creditors” and that the payment to her of more than 100%
of her proven debt would not be just and equitable (at [94]).

47 In relation to whether it should be the norm for the indemnifying creditors
to obtain 100% of the assets potentially recovered, that would depend on the
facts and circumstances of each case, though it has been recognised that there
is a “very significant evidentiary and persuasive onus which needs to be
discharged before an award of 100% of the amount recovered will be
appropriate” (see Jarbin Pty Ltd at [71]). The court must strive to achieve a
just result which offers sufficient incentive to funding creditors, whilst not
being punitive to the other non-funding creditors (as the recovered assets
ultimately belonged to the insolvent company and its stakeholders as a whole).

48 On some occasions, the court may conclude that the risk assumed by the
indemnifying creditor was modest at best. In the Supreme Court of New South
Wales decision of Re Home Corp Projects [2002] NSWSC 879, the amount
contributed by the indemnifying creditor constituted 10% of the costs incurred
by the liquidator in the recovery action. The action was eventually settled
and the court determined that the liquidator would be justified in paying the
indemnifying creditor 10% of its debt with the remaining 90% going to back to
the pool for unsecured creditors (at [18]):

This case is not, in my judgment, one in which priority could be given as to
100% of [the indemnifying creditor’s] debt. It provided roughly 10% of the
funds needed by the liquidator. It was at risk to that extent, but will
recover the sum outlaid. [The indemnifying creditor’s] encouragement of the
liquidator to pursue recovery was minor compared with whatever other factor
encouraged him to incur the remaining 90% of the legal costs. I consider that
some recognition should be afforded to [the indemnifying creditor] by way of
priority. That should, however, be limited to payment of 100 cents in the
dollar in respect of 10% of [the indemnifying creditor’s] debt, with the
remaining 90% ranking for dividend pari passu with the debts of other
unsecured creditors.

On the other hand, there have been multiple occasions where the indemnifying
creditor had to expend large sums of money with all the attendant risks that
go with complex factual and legal disputes, or that the indemnifying creditor
was the only creditor to respond to the liquidator’s urgent call for
assistance. In these occasions, the court found it just to award 100% of the
net recovery proceedings to the indemnifying creditor (see, eg, Household
Financial Services at 297; State Bank (NSW) at [92] and [112] (dismissing the
appeal where 100% recovery was granted at first instance); Re Shepherds at
[11]–[13]).

My decision: the claimant is entitled to 100% of his debt out of the assets
recovered by reason of his funding or indemnity

49 In the present case, the claimant sought distribution by way of a priority,
out of any assets recovered, 100% of the debt which the Liquidator duly
adjudicates as owing by the Company to the claimant. I agreed to this request.
To begin with, the claimant was not claiming anything beyond the debt which
the Liquidator adjudges to be owing to him. This is therefore quite unlike the
situation in Low v Barnet where the creditor had sought in essence an
additional reward for her assistance.

50 Also, the claimant is entitled to be repaid 100% of his debt in priority
over the other creditors because the other creditors did not provide funding
or an indemnity when offered the chance to do so. I also agreed to this
request. In the Federal Court of Australia decision of Re Woodgate, albeit in
a bankruptcy context under s 109(10) of the Australian Bankruptcy Act, the
indemnifying creditor was granted the entirety of the proceeds of the
liquidator’s claim against the wrongdoer. This was notwithstanding the fact
that the other creditors would receive nothing in satisfaction of their debts.
Nicholas J had said this (at [13]):

… despite being given the opportunity to do so, all other creditors declined
to provide any measure of indemnity to the trustee. I am also satisfied that
without the indemnity provided by [the indemnifying creditor] the trustee
would not have been able to commence the proceedings he brought against [the
wrong doer] which resulted in the settlement.

51 In the present case, it was clear that the claimant was the only creditor
who was willing to provide funding and an indemnity, and responded to the
liquidator’s urgent call for assistance. The creditor would likely need to
expend large sums of money given the complex factual issues which may arise
given the multiple transfers of company assets. Accordingly, I agreed that the
claimant is entitled to be repaid 100% of his debt in priority over the other
creditors. The next issue I considered then was the extent of the claimant’s
advantage, in particular over the statutory rights of preferential creditors
under s 203(1) of the IRDA.

The extent of the claimant’s advantage

The applicable law

52 In the present case, the claimant not only sought an advantage over the
other creditors, but also sought to extend this advantage under s 204(3) of
the IRDA in priority to the rights of preferential creditors under s 203(1) of
the IRDA. I agreed to this request.

53 To begin with, s 203 of the IRDA, which is derived from s 328 of the
Companies Act, sets out the order of priority in which proved debts are to be
paid in a winding up. Section 203(1) prioritises payments to certain
preferential creditors. The question before me was whether I had the power to
confer an advantage under s 204(3) of the IRDA over the statutory rights of
preferred creditors under s 203(1) of the IRDA.

54 I found that I had the power to do so. I reasoned that s 203(1) of the
IRDA, similar to its counterpart in Australia (such as s 556(1) of the
Australian Corporations Act), is expressed to be “[s]ubject to the provisions
of [the IRDA]”. Thus, in the Australian context, the Supreme Court of New
South Wales in Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd v TJF EBC Pty Ltd
[2006] NSWSC 25 (“ANZ”) said this (at [8]):

I am satisfied that, as a matter of power, the court may, under s 564, make an
order that causes the creditor chosen for preferred treatment to rank ahead of
any one or more of the creditors having claims within the s 556(1) categories.
This is because s 556(1) is expressed to operate “Subject to this Division”,
that is Div 6 of Pt 5.6. Section 564 is within Div 6. The priorities created
by s 556(1) are thus susceptible to inroads made by or pursuant to other Div 6
provisions, including s 564. …

55 I accepted that the reasoning in ANZ should apply in the present case. This
is because s 203(1) of the IRDA is similarly worded to s 556(1) of the
Australian Corporations Act, in that both provisions contain the opening
phrase “[s]ubject to the provisions of this [Act/Division]”. Accordingly,
adopting the words used in ANZ (at [9]), I took the view that I had “complete
discretion regarding positioning of the whole or any part of the debts of the
assisting or indemnifying creditors on the scale of priorities in the winding
up and the opening words of s [203(1) of the IRDA] cause any such positioning
ordered by the court to have effect despite what would otherwise be the order
of priority under s [203(1) of the IRDA]”. In other words, the court can
confer an advantage under s 204(3) (and s 204(1)) of the IRDA over the
statutory rights of preferred creditors under s 203(1) of the IRDA. Indeed,
the Australian courts have gone so far as to make an order under s 564 of the
Australian Corporations Act to confer priority on the indemnifying creditor
even over the liquidator’s own cost and expenses (who ranks first on the list
of preferential creditors) (see the Federal Court of Australia decision of
Deputy Commissioner of Taxation v Vintage Gold Investments Pty Ltd (in liq)
[2009] FCA 967).

My decision: the claimant should be granted an advantage over the statutory
rights of preferred creditors under s 203(1) of the IRDA

56 While I had the power to confer an advantage to the claimant under s 204(3)
of the IRDA over the statutory rights of preferred creditors under s 203(1) of
the IRDA, there was the separate question of whether I should do so. I
concluded that I should because the discretion conferred by s 204(3) is wide
and, drawing from the statutory language in s 204(1), I needed to make such
order as is “just”. I noted that while the word “just” does not appear in s
204(3), it must be self-evident that the order which is contemplated by s
204(3) must be made pursuant to such similar considerations of whether it is
“just”. Were it otherwise, this would result in an inexplicable incongruence
between ss 204(1) and 204(3).

57 In considering a “just” order under s 204(3) of the IRDA, I accepted the
guidance in ANZ (at [14]) that while the relative priorities created and
prescribed by the Australian equivalent of s 203(1) of the IRDA will be taken
into account as one of the factors going to the question of what is “just”,
the existence of the scale of priorities does not give rise to any special
onus to be overcome. In that case, the court eventually granted the
indemnifying creditor an advantage over the Commonwealth (which was the
statutorily preferred creditor) because, among others, the Commonwealth
declined to provide funds for the liquidator’s recovery efforts when invited
to do so.

58 This was similar to the present case. Indeed, the Company’s other creditors
did not provide funding or an indemnity when given the opportunity to do so. I
considered this to be an important fact which led me to decide that it would
be “just” to order the claimant should be granted an advantage over the
statutory rights of preferred creditors under s 203(1) of the IRDA. Indeed, at
bottom, without the claimant’s funding and indemnity, the Liquidator would not
be able to progress the Company’s liquidation at all. There would not be any
assets to distribute to the other creditors in that case.

What safeguards, if any, should be incorporated into the Creditor’s Funding
Agreement

59 Finally, I come to the necessary safeguards that should be incorporated
into the Creditor’s Funding Agreement to balance the interests between the
claimant as the funding creditor and the other creditors. The type of
safeguards will necessarily differ from case to case, but the parties in the
present case had helpfully crafted the necessary safeguards with some general
considerations in mind.

60 First, no one creditor, especially the claimant as the funding creditor,
should be given the power to dictate how the Liquidator is to exercise his
powers in the recovery actions or any settlement claims to the detriment of
the other creditors. As such, provisions were made in the Creditor’s Funding
Agreement for the following consequences:

(a) that the Liquidator is to have full and complete control of the
investigations and any recovery action that may be brought; and

(b) that the Liquidator shall retain the sole discretion in respect of
decisions to make, accept and/or reject any settlement offer(s) in connection
with any recovery actions.

61 Second, notwithstanding the order granted in favour of the claimant under s
204(3) of the IRDA, the other creditors who may be prejudiced by the order
should be given an opportunity to bring an appropriate challenge. As such, the
prayers sought provided for the claimant, the Liquidator, and/or any other
person who is or may be affected by the order to have liberty to have the
order reviewed, set aside, or varied.

62 With these safeguards in place, I was further satisfied that it was
appropriate to make the order in the terms sought by the claimant pursuant to
s 204(3) of the IRDA.

Conclusion

63 For the reasons given above, I granted the claimant’s application in the
present case, with costs of this application to be paid out of the assets of
the Company.

64 Once again, I record my appreciation to the claimant’s solicitors for their
very helpful submissions despite the absence of the Company in the hearing
before me.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Woo Yin Loong Christopher, Wu Siyue and Nadine Victoria Neo Su Hui (Quahe Woo
& Palmer LLC) for the claimant;

The defendant absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Dec 2022 (09:59 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

