Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 94

Suit No 682 of 2020

Between

| Urip Cahyadi  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Henry Surya  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract — Formation — Oral agreement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Urip Cahyadi

  
v

  

Henry Surya

[2022] SGHC 94

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 682 of 2020  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
15–18, 22–23 February 2022, 6 April 2022

29 April 2022 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck J

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Urip Cahyadi, claims for breach of an oral agreement made
with the defendant, Mr Henry Surya. The alleged oral agreement was made
between the plaintiff’s daughter, Ms Joanne Cahyadi (“Joanne”) (acting on his
behalf) and the defendant, at the defendant’s house in Jakarta, Indonesia on 7
May 2020.

2 The alleged oral agreement is that the defendant agreed to pay
IDR150,534,661,958 to the plaintiff in exchange for the plaintiff granting a
Power of Attorney to Adjie Wibisono Legal Practice.

3 The defendant disputes the existence of the alleged oral agreement.

Undisputed Facts

4 Between 2018 and 2020, the plaintiff placed 22 time deposits (also known as
“bills”), totalling IDR149,920,000,000, with Korperasi Simpan Pinjam Indosurya
(“KSP Indosurya”). The bills were in his own name and in the names of Joanne
and his son Timothy Cahyadi (“Timothy”) on his behalf. With the interest
accrued, the bills were worth IDR150,534,661,958 in total (“Loan Amount”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 6.

5 The defendant founded KSP Indosurya in 2012, and was chairman until he
stepped down in 2016. KSP Indosurya bears his family name, “Surya”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 4–6.

6 In February 2020, there were rumours about KSP Indosurya’s solvency. On 17
February 2020, Joanne texted the defendant via WhatsApp (“WA”) to arrange a
meeting between him and the plaintiff. They met on 21 February 2020. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 8.

7 In a WA message on 28 February 2020, Joanne asked the defendant to help with
the approval for the withdrawal of two of the plaintiff’s one-month bills
amounting to IDR10bn. The defendant responded on the same day, stating “[w]e
try to complete it in March, because we’re trying to raise the funds” and that
he “[w]ill definitely prioritize [the plaintiff’s withdrawal] next month”.
Joanne replied to him that “we have in total 150 billion”, reminding him of
the total Loan Amount. On 1 March 2020, the defendant told Joanne via WA that
“[w]e are trying to get cashflow and once we do we will definitely prioritize
yours first”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 59.

8 On 10 March 2020, Joanne sent the following WA message to the defendant,
requesting him to personally settle KSP Indosurya’s debt to the plaintiff: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 59.

“[s]ince our previous conversation, we really need the funds (10 billion
first). But this past week, we heard that Indosurya don’t have any funds.
Before the situation gets worse, could you please settle my money with your
personal account? I trust this 150 billion is a very small portion for you and
you are able to do it.”

9 In a WA message to Joanne on 23 March 2020, the defendant proposed that nine
of his Singapore properties be used to pay the Loan Amount. He said that his
nine properties consisting of “7 units of office strata” which were valued at
around $14m and his “2 units commercial bigger units” that were worth around
$10m should “settle it”, taking into account the outstanding loans on the
properties of around $7m and $3m respectively. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 63.

For context, the Singapore Dollar equivalent of the Loan Amount is around $14m
to $15m, depending on the exchange rate. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

15 February Transcript, p 160 lines 20–25.

10 That same day, Joanne responded that the plaintiff was agreeable to
receiving payment with the defendant’s Singapore assets. Joanne asked if the
defendant could “give [both herself and the plaintiff] the list and contact
person in Singapore? For appraisal etc”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 64.

She was referring to the list of properties that the defendant was offering to
settle KSP Indosurya’s debt. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 67.

Later that day, the defendant said to Joanne via WA that the “most important
point is that you have not registered a PKPU”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 64.

The defendant was referring to the postponement of debt repayment proceedings
in Indonesia in respect of KSP Indosurya (“PKPU Proceedings”).

11 On 6 April 2020, Joanne asked the defendant: “Henry, is it okay if [you]
settle our portion first? At this point in time, we need to use the money ...
Hope you can understand and give us the list.” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 65.

12 On 22 April 2020, Joanne said to the defendant that based on the
information provided by him so far, she was only able to obtain an estimated
value of the properties. Joanne asked him for the outstanding loans and size
of the units or, alternatively, for the contact details of the defendant’s
lawyers in Singapore who could provide more precise information. The defendant
asked if Joanne wanted to “settle it fast” and Joanne replied that “[y]es of
course [she]’d like to settle it fast. That’s why [she and the plaintiff] need
the lawyer’s contact number, so [they] don’t have to go back and forth”. When
the defendant said “[l]et’s try to settle it next week then”, Joanne responded
to him that it would not be so fast because the plaintiff and herself needed
to know a number of points including “[v]aluation”, “[o]utstanding loan”, and
“[n]et asset value”. Alternatively, Joanne told the defendant that he “can
give [them] the cash”. The defendant replied that he would not be offering to
settle with assets if he had the cash to do so. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 72.

13 On 30 April 2020, Joanne sent a WA message to Mr Hendra Widjaya (“Hendra”),
the lawyer acting for KSP Indosurya in the PKPU Proceedings. Joanne requested
Hendra to “please help [her]” find out from the defendant details of the
properties (such as the outstanding loans and size of the units) proposed by
the defendant. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 210.

14 On 4 May 2020, Joanne asked the defendant via WA whether they could meet.
On 5 May 2020, the defendant proposed to Joanne to meet on 7 May 2020 over
dinner at his residence. She agreed. On 7 May 2020, there was a dinner at the
defendant’s house in Jakarta, Indonesia (“7 May Dinner”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 74.

The defendant, Joanne and Hendra attended. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 28.

15 Both parties dispute what was said at the 7 May Dinner. What is undisputed
is that Joanne produced a letter that she had prepared, dated 5 May 2020 (“5
May Letter”). This a single page document. The key parts of it state: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 450.

May 5, 2020

We herewith:

Name: Henry Surya, known as the BORROWER

And

Name: Urip Cahyadi, known as the CREDITOR

LOAN BALANCE of: IDR 150,534,661,958

This letter serves as a formal agreement between The Borrower and The
Creditor. The intent is to repay loan in Indonesia in exchange with assets in
Singapore.

The borrower has agreed to settle the loan balance with the following assets
in Singapore. However, if the below assets do not suffice the loan
outstanding, further negotiations will be carried out:

[the next two paragraphs contain a short list of 7 properties at PS100 and 2
properties at Oxley Tower]

…

I will refer to the nine properties referred to in the 5 May Letter as the “9
Properties”.

16 It is also undisputed that the defendant signed the 5 May Letter. Before he
did so, he made two handwritten amendments to it: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 30.

a. adding the term “MOU” to the first paragraph such that it reads “formal MOU
agreement” (the “Insertion”); and

b. striking through the line “However, if the below assets do not suffice the
loan outstanding, further negotiations will be carried out” in the second
paragraph (the “Deletion”).

17 The defendant signed against each of his handwritten amendments. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 31.

The defendant handed the letter that he signed on an affixed stamp with his
handwritten amendments (“Amended 5 May Letter”) to Joanne. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 32.

18 On 8 May 2020, the plaintiff signed a Power of Attorney in favour of Adjie
Wibisono Legal Practice (“POA”) (“AWLP”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Joanne’s AEIC at paras 35–37.

The POA provides, among others, the right for AWLP to represent and defend the
legal rights and interests of the plaintiff as a creditor of KSP Indosurya in
the PKPU Proceedings. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 454.

Joanne and Timothy signed similar POAs. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 39.

19 Following the 7 May Dinner, there was a series of WA correspondence between
Joanne and the defendant, whereby the defendant made certain offers, which
Joanne said were too small in terms of the NAV compared to the Loan Amount. I
will examine the WA correspondence in detail below.

20 In a creditors’ meeting on 9 July 2020, the majority of KSP Indosurya’s
creditors approved a plan under which KSP Indosurya would repay them in
accordance with a schedule based on a “Reconciliation Plan Proposal” (the
“Reconciliation Plan”). The signed POAs of the plaintiff, Joanne and Timothy
were used at this creditors’ meeting. On 20 July 2020, judgment was given in
the PKPU Proceedings by the Indonesian Court, approving the Reconciliation
Plan (“PKPU Judgment”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 74.

21 Discussions between Joanne and the defendant regarding his Singapore assets
continued after the PKPU Judgment was obtained. The defendant, however, never
transferred any assets to the plaintiff. On 29 July 2020, the plaintiff
commenced this action to recover the Loan Amount from the defendant.

Parties’ cases

Plaintiff’s case

22 The plaintiff was not at the 7 May Dinner. He relies on the testimony of
Joanne, who was. Her evidence is that during the dinner, Hendra produced the
POA and passed it to the defendant. The defendant passed it to Joanne and said
that the plaintiff was a creditor of KSP Indosurya with a “big amount”. The
defendant also requested that Joanne hand the POA to the plaintiff to sign,
and for the plaintiff to “bantu bantu KSP” which means “help help KSP” in
English. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 29.

23 Joanne took the POA and showed the defendant and Hendra the 5 May Letter.
She said she would get her father to sign the POA but the defendant must also
“settle the 150” (referring to the Loan Amount, which is in the ballpark of
IDR150bn). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 30.

She then asked the plaintiff to sign the 5 May Letter. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 35.

24 Joanne’s evidence is that she queried the defendant about the Deletion and
asked what would happen if the 9 Properties were not enough to satisfy the
Loan Amount. The defendant responded that they were enough. The defendant also
agreed to give her the loan information to ascertain if the value was really
enough. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 31.

25 The plaintiff’s case is thus that, at this meeting, an oral agreement was
reached whereby the defendant promised to pay the plaintiff the Loan Amount in
exchange for the plaintiff signing the POA (“Oral Agreement”).

Defendant’s case

26 The defendant’s case is that he was only prepared out of goodwill to take
over the Loan Amount owed by KSP Indosurya to the plaintiff, by transferring
to the defendant the 9 Properties, with the existing loans on the same (the
“Goodwill Offer”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 40.

This was consistent with his discussions with Joanne leading up to the 7 May
Dinner. He also told Joanne that the Goodwill Offer was made only in view of
their friendship, as he had no personal obligations to settle the plaintiff’s
claim, which was against KSP Indosurya. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 41.

27 The defendant wanted to make clear that his agreement to transfer the
assets was not a contract of any sort, but a goodwill offer. Hence, he
inserted the term “MOU” into the 5 May Letter. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 43.

The defendant made the Deletion to reiterate that his Goodwill Offer would
only extend to the 9 Properties, and that they would be transferred along with
their existing loans. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 44.

In his WA correspondence with Joanne leading up to the 7 May Dinner, he did
not identify any properties other than the 9 Properties, as part of the
Goodwill Offer.

28 Thus, he never entered into the Oral Agreement.

The Law

29 In OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon [2012] 4 SLR 1206, the
Court of Appeal held at [41] that “the first port of call for any court in
determining the existence of an alleged contract and/or its terms would be the
relevant documentary evidence.” The applicable approach to determine the
existence of an oral agreement was summarized by the court in ARS v ART &
another [2015] SGHC 78 (“ARS”) at [53]:

a. The Court will consider the relevant documentary evidence (such as written
correspondence) and contemporaneous conduct of the parties at the material
time.

b. Where possible, the court should look first at the relevant documentary
evidence.

c. The availability of relevant documentary evidence reduces the need to rely
solely on the credibility of witnesses in order to ascertain if an oral
agreement exists.

d. Oral testimony may be less reliable as it is based on the witness’
recollection and it may be affected by subsequent events (such as the dispute
between the parties).

e. Credible oral testimony may clarify the existing documentary evidence.

f. Where the witness is not legally trained, the court should not place undue
emphasis on the choice of words.

g. If there is little or no documentary evidence, the court will nevertheless
examine the precise factual matrix to ascertain if there is an oral agreement
concluded between the parties.

30 These principles have since been adopted and applied in other High Court
decisions (see for example Day, Ashley Francis v Yeo Chin Huat Anthony and
others [2020] 5 SLR 514 at [32]). I similarly adopt the principles set out in
ARS and start with the relevant documentary evidence, before considering the
credibility of the witnesses.

My decision

The oral agreement itself

31 It is important to first identify the nature of the Oral Agreement that the
plaintiff seeks to establish. I make two observations about it.

32 First, the Oral Agreement is one whereby the defendant will pay the Loan
Amount to the plaintiff in exchange for the plaintiff signing the POA.

33 A party taking on personal liability for the Loan Amount in such
circumstances, would likely expect to be entitled to take over the rights as
the creditor against KSP Indosurya. This appears to be the defendant’s
expectation. He testified that he entered into agreements with other parties,
whereby he gave them properties in exchange for them transferring their
certificates of deposit to him, giving him their rights as creditors against
KSP Indosurya. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant AEIC at paras 53–57.

34 However, this is not an explicit element of the Oral Agreement. On the
plaintiff’s case, the explicit exchange for the defendant paying the Loan
Amount, was for the plaintiff signing the POA.

35 Second, there are some substantial differences between the Oral Agreement
and the Amended 5 May Letter.

a. Under the Amended 5 May Letter, “[t]he borrower has agreed to settle the
loan balance with the following assets in Singapore”, that is with the 9
Properties. Under the Oral Agreement, the defendant’s liability is to pay the
Loan Amount. There is no mention in the Oral Agreement that the payment is to
be settled only with the 9 Properties.

b. The Amended 5 May Letter makes no mention of the POA, whereas the POA is a
key part of the Oral Agreement.

36 The plaintiff proceeds in his claim on the basis of the Oral Agreement. He
does not base his claim on the Amended 5 May Letter. The main relevance of the
Amended 5 May Letter is the light it sheds on the intention of the parties at
the 7 May Dinner, which is relevant in determining whether the Oral Agreement
exists.

Documentary evidence

37 Other than the Amended 5 May Letter, the documentary evidence in this case
is primarily the WA messages between the parties. This correspondence usefully
reflects the contemporaneous conduct of the parties, at a few key times:
before, during and after the 7 May Dinner.

Before the 7 May Dinner

38 On 17 March 2020, Joanne told her father via WA that she would request a
meeting with the defendant as a friend and that this was a “[f]riend’s
favour”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ABD 6; Joanne’s AEIC at p 126.

[17/03/20 09.48.05] Joanne C: Dad, I think I'll call HS this afternoon to find
out the situation. I want to request a meeting as a friend.

[17/03/20 09.48.44] Joanne C: Friend's favour

[17/03/20 09.51.42] Urip Cahyadi: That's OK. Because we also don't know if
he'll provide the asset in Singapore.

39 She said on the stand that what she meant by this was that the meeting, and
not the payment of the full Loan Amount, was a friend’s favour. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

15 February Transcript, p 48 lines 1–13.

The fact that Joanne considered the defendant agreeing to a meeting, which is
a far less substantial commitment than paying the Loan Amount, to be a
“[f]riend’s favour”, suggests that she must have known that it would not be
straightforward to get the defendant to agree to pay the Loan Amount. Her
father expressed similar sentiments.

40 Joanne’s WA correspondence with the plaintiff on 4 May 2020, a few days
before the 7 May Dinner, shows the preparation they undertook before the
dinner. The plaintiff suggested that Joanne ask the defendant to write a
letter stating his agreement to pay the Loan Amount. Joanne said that she
would prepare a letter and ask the defendant to sign it when they met. She
also expressed her concern that the defendant may not be agreeable if they ask
him to draft the letter: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ABD 24; Joanne’s AEIC at p 137.

[04/05/20 09.07.20] Urip Cahyadi: Jo. I think you send a WhatsApp to HS, and
ask him to write us a letter, stating that he agrees to pay back our loan
amounting to Rp 160 Billion, which will be paid with assets in Singapore and
for the transaction we can contact his lawyer and also provide his lawyer’s
name and address. Tell him that without this letter, our lawyer cannot proceed
and cannot do the transaction.

[04/05/20 09.08.24] Joanne C: I'll prepare one and ask him to sign when we
meet.

[04/05/20 09.08.47] Joanne C: If we ask him to do this or do that, I don't
think he'll do it.

41 On 5 May, the plaintiff told Joanne that she should meet the defendant and
“[p]retend to be close”. At this point, the plaintiff thought that it was a
good idea for Hendra to be there, so that he could be a witness to what
happened at the 7 May Dinner: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ABD 25; Joanne’s AEIC at p 138.

[05/05/20 15.20.26] Joanne C: Ask Endang to come. Do you want to meet him?

[05/05/20 15.21.15] Urip Cahyadi: You should meet him. Pretend to be close.

[05/05/20 15.29.52] Joanne C: Ask Hendra to come along

[05/05/20 15.30.11] Urip Cahyadi: [two thumbs up signs]

[05/05/20 15.30.26] Urip Cahyadi: As witness.

Hendra was later called as the defendant’s witness in this Suit and the
plaintiff has sought to discredit him as a witness.

42 Following this correspondence, Joanne drafted the 5 May Letter. The
plaintiff testified that “[e]verything is under my instruction” and that
Joanne would consult with him first on important matters. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

16 February Transcript, p 6 line 24 – p 7 line 11.

43 Both the plaintiff and Joanne have been involved in running their family
businesses, the main operation of which is in manufacturing consumer products.
The plaintiff heads the business while Joanne serves as a controller in the
business. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

15 February Transcript, p 171 line 5.

They did not deny that they have business and negotiation experience. The
plaintiff testified that he is an experienced businessman with experience in
negotiations, and that in commercial negotiations it is important to choose
words carefully. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

16 February Transcript, p 6 line 1 – line 10.

The plaintiff agreed that he very carefully looked at the language of the 5
May Letter to decide if it was acceptable. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

16 February Transcript, p 30 line 24 – p 31 line 2.

This can also be seen from the 5 May Letter itself. The plaintiff took care to
insert the phrase “This letter serves as a formal agreement between…” into the
5 May Letter. He also took care to insert the caveat “However, if the below
assets do not suffice, the loan outstanding, further negotiations will be
carried out”.

44 Thus, a few points are clear from the pre-7 May Dinner correspondence
between Joanne and the plaintiff. First, the plaintiff and Joanne appreciated
that it would not be easy to convince the defendant to agree to pay them the
Loan Amount with his Singapore assets. They are commercially experienced
people, and likely recognised that they would have to offer something valuable
to the defendant to get him to agree. In addition, they were careful to
prepare a written record of a possible agreement. Second, the plaintiff and
Joanne appreciated that the specific terms of any agreement were important.
This is why they included the important caveat in the 5 May Letter that
further negotiations would be carried out if the defendant’s assets were
insufficient to satisfy the Loan Amount.

The 7 May Dinner

(1) The dinner itself

45 There is no documentary evidence as to what was said between Joanne and the
defendant at the 7 May Dinner. But it is undisputed that Joanne presented the
5 May Letter to the defendant and he made two amendments to it, namely the
Insertion and the Deletion. Thereafter, the defendant signed the Amended 5 May
Letter.

46 The defendant’s case is that the insertion of the term “MOU” was an
expression of his intention that he should not be bound by the Amended 5 May
Letter. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant AEIC at para 43 and 17 February Transcript, p 180 lines 1–11 and p
184 lines 21–22.

It is consistent and uncontroverted that this was his intention.

47 Joanne denied that the defendant’s insertion of “MOU” rendered the Amended
5 May Letter non-binding. She said that in her work, she has come across both
binding and non-binding MOUs. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

15 February Transcript, p 66 lines 7–8.

However, this evidence means that she would have known that the insertion of
“MOU” would have at the very least opened up the risk that the Amended 5 May
Letter was not binding. Yet, she did not contest the insertion of “MOU” by the
defendant.

48 Joanne testified that she did not agree to the Deletion. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

15 February Transcript, p 68 lines 13–16.

She recognised that because of the Deletion, the Amended 5 May Letter provided
that the Loan Amount would be settled with just the 9 Properties, regardless
of the outstanding loans on the properties and their NAVs. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

15 February Transcript, p 69 lines 5–11 and p 71 line 2 to p 72 line 12.

49 Joanne says that she nevertheless did not contest the Deletion, as the
defendant told her that the value of the 9 Properties would be “enough”. The
defendant confirmed on the stand that he told Joanne at the 7 May Dinner that
the NAV of the 9 Properties was sufficient to meet the Loan Amount. He
explained that his valuation at that point was that the 9 Properties would be
sufficient to come up to about $14m. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

17 February Transcript, p 208 line 25 to p 209 line 10.

50 The plaintiff submits that this admission, taken with the defendant’s
pleadings and the documentary evidence, irrefutably points to the defendant
making the Oral Agreement. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PRS [3].

This is because, in agreeing to provide properties which had a NAV equivalent
to the Loan Amount, the defendant effectively agreed to take on liability for
the Loan Amount. I do not find this to be so, as the defendant has maintained
that this was conveyed as a goodwill offer. He also maintained that he never
agreed to take on liability beyond the 9 Properties, regardless of their NAVs.

51 This is supported by his amendments to the 5 May Letter. The Insertion
indicates clearly that there was no intention on his part for his offer of the
9 Properties to be binding. The Deletion makes clear that he had no intention
to take on liability for the full Loan Amount beyond the value of the 9
Properties.

52 It is questionable if the defendant, who before signing the Amended 5 May
Letter, took care to make a deletion to limit his liability to the 9
Properties and insert the term “MOU” to avoid making a binding agreement,
would at the same time enter into the Oral Agreement that was binding and
extended his liability beyond the 9 Properties. Such a course of conduct would
be inconsistent.

53 It is also worth noting that the Amended 5 May Letter did not contain
anything about defendant’s side of the bargain. This is despite the fact that
the defendant was under no pre-existing legal obligation to provide the 9
Properties to the plaintiff. Specifically, there is no mention of the POA,
which is what the plaintiff alleges was the benefit conveyed to the defendant
in the Oral Agreement. Given the care that the defendant took with the two
amendments to the 5 May Letter, it is striking that he did not record the POA
in the same, when the plaintiff asserts that the POA was very important to the
defendant, and was what he wanted in exchange for taking on personal liability
for the Loan Amount.

(2) Update from Joanne to plaintiff

54 The day after the 7 May Dinner, the plaintiff asked Joanne for an update
via WA: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ABD 30-31; Joanne’s AEIC at 142–143.

[08/05/20 01.40.14] Joanne C: I've just finished bathing. I came back from his
house at 1 o'clock. Talk nonsense.

[08/05/20 04.33.31] Urip Cahyadi: Why no report on whether he wants to sign
the letter or not?

…

[08/05/20 11.32.31] Urip Cahyadi: Why did he cross out that one?

[08/05/20 11.34.54] Joanne C: He's sure the property is sufficient.

[08/05/20 11.35.14] Joanne C: After that, I talked, he talked, I talked again
and he talked again.

[08/05/20 11.36.18] Joanne C: Finally I said I hope the net asset can reach
150.

[08/05/20 11.37.07] Joanne C: He just crossed it. I already said if it's not
sufficient, how? I can't pay back the loan.

55 Noticeably, Joanne did not inform the plaintiff that the defendant agreed
that the NAV of the properties provided would match the Loan Amount, or that
she was sure that the defendant had promised to meet the Loan Amount. There
was no mention of the Oral Agreement itself in the WA update. The plaintiff
was clearly concerned about the Deletion, yet Joanne did not mention that
there was nothing to worry about, because a separate Oral Agreement had been
reached whereby the defendant agreed to exactly what he deleted: to take on
liability for the full Loan Amount. Instead, she said: “Finally I said I hope
the net asset can reach 150. He just crossed it. I already said if it’s not
sufficient, how? I can’t pay back the loan” [emphasis added].

56 It is also pertinent that in the same WA update, Joanne did not mention the
POA to the plaintiff. She did not mention that the defendant wanted the
plaintiff to sign the POA as part of the exchange. Joanne’s evidence is that
she told this to the plaintiff verbally when she saw him later. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

15 February Transcript, p 140 lines 4–19.

57 The plaintiff submits that Joanne did not mention the POA in her WA update
as she was merely responding to the plaintiff’s queries to the Amended 5 May
Letter. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at para 95.

However, this is not a satisfactory explanation. Joanne would have known that
the plaintiff’s fundamental concern was not the amendments to the 5 May
Letter, but what had been agreed at the 7 May Dinner and whether the defendant
agreed to take on personal liability for the Loan Amount. Yet when the
plaintiff pressed her for a report, Joanne did not mention the POA, even
though the plaintiff’s signing the POA was the alleged quid pro quo for the
defendant taking on personal liability for the Loan Amount. At this point, the
POA had not been signed, and its signing would therefore have been immediately
important to the plaintiff so that the Oral Agreement was cemented.

After the 7 May Dinner

58 I will focus on five aspects of the correspondence between parties after
the 7 May Dinner.

(1) No mention of the POA in WA correspondence

59 There is no mention of the POA in the WA correspondence after the 7 May
Dinner, whether between Joanne and the defendant or between Joanne and the
plaintiff. Neither did Joanne or the plaintiff include any mention of the POA
in the Amended 5 May Letter, when Joanne sent it to the defendant on his
request, on 29 June 2020.

60 The plaintiff submits that Joanne did not appreciate the need to include
the POA in the Amended 5 May Letter because she was not legally trained and
under Indonesian law there is no legal requirement for consideration. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PCS at para 93.

61 However, this is not a matter of appreciating legal requirements. The
entire thrust of the plaintiff’s case is that the plaintiff’s signing of the
POA was his quid pro quo in the Oral Agreement. The plaintiff and Joanne were
careful enough to have the 5 May Letter drafted for the defendant to sign at
the 7 May Dinner. The plaintiff testified that the language of the 5 May
Letter was carefully crafted. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

16 February Transcript p 30 line 24 to p 3 line 2.

It would have been much more consistent with such behaviour, for them to also
safeguard their interests by adding the POA into the Amended 5 May Letter when
Joanne sent it to the defendant by WA on 29 June 2020. But they did not.

62 It is also notable that the POA was not mentioned in the discussions that
followed the 7 May Dinner despite the defendant’s offer never coming close to
the full Loan Amount. In a WA message on 21 June 2020, Joanne conveyed to the
plaintiff that the defendant was offering to settle at only $13m instead of
the full Loan Amount: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ABD 37; Joanne’s AEIC at 149.

[21/06/20 00.20.45] Joanne C: So he bought at 23 million. Less the loan 8
million, it means 13 million. I said insufficient, must top up. He said he
doesn’t want to.

63 As a further example, in a WA message from Joanne to the defendant on 24
June 2020, Joanne said: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ABD 179; Joanne’s AEIC at 201.

[24/06/20 16.21.45] Joanne C: Hi Henry, The total market value of 9 units is
SGD 14.8 million. The total loan value of 9 units is SGD 11.6 million (78%
loan) NAV SGD 3.2 million

…

Even if we take all 12 units … NAV SGD 5.4 million

This is still far from SGD 15 million, and there is no way we can finance the
loan.”

64 The plaintiff stresses that, on the other hand, the defendant’s denial of
his liability to pay the Loan Amount is equally absent from the documentary
evidence. Rather than denying his liability, he made various offers to the
plaintiff. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PRS at para 4.

However, this ignores the fact that throughout the WA correspondence, the
offers made by the defendant were never close to the full Loan Amount. The
plaintiff’ also submits that it was only late in the day, around 20 July 2020,
that the defendant first intimated to Joanne that he would like the plaintiff
to accept less than the Loan Amount. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PRS at para 18.

This does not accord with the objective documentary evidence in the WA
correspondence, as illustrated above. As early as 24 June 2020, Joanne was
responding to an offer from the defendant which was less than even half of the
Loan Amount.

65 Despite the defendant’s offers consistently falling short, Joanne never
used the POA as leverage in their discussions. The absence of any mention of
POA in her correspondence with the defendant is especially striking because
she testified on the stand that if the defendant had ever said that he would
not give her the Loan Amount, she would say “I gave you POA, you have to give
me [the Loan Amount]”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

15 February Transcript, p 164 lines 18–23.

(2) No mention of the Oral Agreement in WA correspondence

66 It is also notable that there is no reference to the Oral Agreement in any
of Joanne’s post 7 May Dinner WA exchanges with the defendant.

67 The language used by Joanne in her communications with the defendant is
revealing. On 25 June 2020, she asked the defendant “can you give us property
with no loan or less loan. Then we can move forward.” 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 90.

She did not refer to a promise that had already been made. She was asking.

68 As highlighted above at [63], in Joanne’s WA to the defendant on 24 June
2020, she mentioned that the properties he offered only had a total NAV of
$3.2m or $5.4m. She then said, “I hope you can give us properties with less
loan”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 89.

It is framed in aspirational terms, as a “hope”. When asked about the use of
“hope”, Joanne replied that was because which properties the defendant could
offer is “up to him”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

15 February Transcript, p 99 lines 10–25.

69 The plaintiff’s explanation of this correspondence is thus that there was
an agreement to pay the Loan Amount, but disagreement as to the mode of such
payment, such as which properties would be used towards the payment. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at paras 96 and 98.

However, this is not what the WA correspondence bears out.

70 The defendant was not discussing whether to pay $14m with properties, cash
or other assets. That would have been a discussion about the mode of payment
or how to pay. The recurrent issue in the defendant’s WA correspondence with
Joanne, was how much to pay. In this regard, it is clear from the post-7 May
Dinner correspondence, that all the offers made by the defendant were never
close to the Loan Amount. Additionally, the language that Joanne used, such as
“hope” you can give us, rather than for example, you “promised to”, suggests
that there was no Oral Agreement.

71 Joanne did not refer to the Oral Agreement or the POA, even when the
defendant told her she misunderstood if she thought that he would pay more. On
28 June 2020, Joanne informed the defendant via WA that they would take the 12
properties and asked the defendant “How do you want to settle the balance?”
The defendant replied on 29 June 2020: “I think there is misunderstanding. We
want to settle the properties at 24 million. Not at the valuation of the
banks. Can negotiate to lower price but not at 16 million.” Joanne replied
“Hmm can we meet this week? With [the plaintiff].” Joanne would have been
aware from this exchange that the defendant did not share the same
understanding as her. Yet, she did not remind him of the alleged Oral
Agreement. Instead, she asked to meet. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 90.

72 On 29 June 2020, the defendant asked Joanne, by WA, to send him the letter
“[w]hatever sign”. Joanne sent the Amended 7 May Letter without any changes to
it. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 91.

At this point Joanne and the plaintiff had the opportunity to either tell the
defendant that the Amended 5 May Letter was superseded by the Oral Agreement
or include a reference to the Oral Agreement in the Amended 5 May Letter, but
they did not do so.

73 In the plaintiff’s reply submissions, the plaintiff explains that there was
correspondence between the lawyers on the same day where the defendant’s
lawyer said that the properties were valued at $24m and sufficient to satisfy
the Loan Amount. Hence, Joanne did not hesitate to send the Amended 5 May
Letter to the defendant without any caveats. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PRS at para 58.

74 However, when she was asked about her sending the Amended 5 May Letter to
the defendant, Joanne did not mention such lawyers’ correspondence as
influencing her. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

15 February Transcript, p 140 line 24 to p 142 line 17.

In any event, the WA correspondence between her and the defendant, as
highlighted above, would have made it sufficiently clear to Joanne that the
defendant was not making an offer close to the Loan Amount. In fact, the
defendant had explicitly told her that there was a “misunderstanding”. This
casts doubt on Joanne’s explanation that, in her mind, the defendant had
already agreed to pay the Loan Amount. Such a perception was very much at odds
with the defendant’s correspondence and behaviour up to that point of time,
and certainly unrealistic.

75 On 6 July 2020, in their WA exchange, the defendant made a proposal saying:
“We are ready to settled with 9 commercial plus 2 other commercial so total of
11 properties…” and “so with that in mind will be settled all 152[bn]”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 92.

The excel spreadsheet that Joanne had earlier circulated to the defendant
shows a NAV of only around $5.4m for these 11 properties. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Joanne’s AEIC p 115.

Thus, when the defendant used the phrase “settled” twice here, it would have
been clear to Joanne that he was not settling at the Loan Amount by providing
assets of equal value.

76 Yet, Joanne did not say in response: this is not what you agreed to under
the Oral Agreement. Instead, she continued to negotiate with counter offers,
and ended by saying that she hoped that the defendant could accept. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 92.

77 Joanne’s testimony on her understanding of the defendant’s phrase “settled”
in his 6 July 2020 WA message, is revealing. Despite the full context of the
WA exchange clearly being that the defendant was proposing to “settle” with
assets valued at less than the Loan Amount, Joanne maintained that she still
understood him to be saying that he would provide assets valued at the Loan
Amount. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

15 February Transcript, p 106 lines 3–22.

78 This calls into question whether she similarly misunderstood the
conversation at the 7 May Dinner. Her testimony is that she told the defendant
that he must also “settle the 150”, and he said “ok”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Joanne’s AEIC at para 30.

She understood this as him agreeing to take on full liability for the Loan
Amount. It may have been that by “settle”, the defendant simply meant that he
would satisfy the Loan Amount with the 9 properties, and Joanne misunderstood
him as she did on 6 July 2020 over WA.

79 On 7 July 2020, Joanne sent a WA text to the defendant saying “…[w]e just
need the agreement or fulfilment of SGD 15 million.” Notably she said, “We
just need the agreement” and not, we had an agreement on the “fulfilment of
SGD 15 million”. She explained that by this, she meant that she needed the
defendant’s agreement on which properties to take and not an agreement to pay
$15m. However, that is not what the WA message says. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ABD 183; Joanne’s AEIC at p 93.

The failure to mention the Oral Agreement in these circumstances is telling.

(3) No mention of POA or Oral Agreement in lawyer’s correspondence

80 The exchanges between the parties’ lawyers also do not mention the POA or
the alleged Oral Agreement. The plaintiff argues that there has never been a
dispute between the parties’ lawyers that the defendant owed the plaintiff the
Loan Amount. This is why there was no need for the plaintiff’s lawyers to
mention the POA or Oral Agreement. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at para 97.

81 However, the correspondence between the lawyers also do not show that there
was an offer from the defendant that met the Loan Amount.

82 The plaintiff refers to the defendant’s lawyers, Sim Mong Teck and
Partners’ (“SMTP”) e-mail of 29 June 2020, where the defendant valued his
properties at $24m. This yields a balance of about $15m after deducting the
housing loans of about $8m. The plaintiff submits that this shows the
defendant’s acknowledgment of his liability to pay the full Loan Amount. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at para 97(d).

83 It is useful to look at this series of correspondence, including the
correspondence leading up to the SMTP e-mail of 29 June 2020, in more detail.

84 On 5 June 2020, the plaintiff’s lawyers, Morgan Lewis Stamford (“MLS”)
e-mailed SMTP stating, among others, that “your client and ours have signed
the attached loan acknowledgement in English with a proposal to exchange 9
commercial properties of your clients in settlement of the outstanding loan
that your client owed our client”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 279.

85 On 9 June 2020 at 2.00pm, SMTP sent an e-mail to MLS stating: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 277.

“We had spoken to our client (i.e. the defendant) this morning and are
instructed as follows:- 1. The loan acknowledgment in English as forwarded in
your email of 5 June 2020 was only a draft and not conclusive.
Notwithstanding, our client proposes in settlement of the outstanding loan
owed by our client to your client [Option A involving 8 properties in
Singapore or Option B involving 9 properties in Singapore] … In this
connection, please let us know which option will be elected by your client for
the settlement of the loan.”

The “loan acknowledgment” in SMTP’s e-mail is a reference to the Amended 5 May
Letter. Option B is the 9 Properties mentioned in the Amended 5 May Letter.

86 Thus, when SMTP referred in their e-mail of 29 June 2020 to the
“outstanding loan owed by [their] client to [the plaintiff]”, this was a
reference to the Amended 5 May Letter and the 9 Properties mentioned therein,
not the Oral Agreement. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 262.

Moreover, on 9 June 2020, SMTP had already informed MLS that “the loan
acknowledgement in English as forwarded in your e-mail of 5 June 2020 was only
a draft and not conclusive. Notwithstanding, our client proposes in
settlement… an option of the following properties…” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 277.

In addition, there was already WA correspondence between the defendant and
Joanne then, to indicate that the value of the 9 Properties did not meet the
value of the Loan Amount. The defendant had on 29 June 2020 at 10.39am told
Joanne: “I think there is misunderstanding” after she told him on 26 June 2020
that the “NAV is still far from our loan. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 90.

87 Thus, SMTP’s e-mail of 29 June 2020 does not help to establish that the
Oral Agreement was made. Indeed, throughout the correspondence between the
lawyers, both parties did not arrive at a valuation close to the Loan Amount.
That being the case, it is odd that the plaintiff’s lawyers would not make
reference to the Oral Agreement or POA to push the defendant’s lawyers towards
offering properties that add up to the Loan Amount. This puts the existence of
the Oral Agreement in doubt.

(4) No use of the POA as leverage

88 By early July 2020, there were several exchanges whereby the defendant’s
offer fell significantly short of the Loan Amount which the plaintiff claimed
the defendant had promised to pay in exchange for the plaintiff signing the
POA.

89 Yet, despite this, there is no evidence that the plaintiff and Joanne made
any effort to exercise their rights as principals under the POA to vote in the
PKPU Proceedings against the Reconciliation Plan, or that they even considered
doing so. Joanne would have had AWLP’s e-mail address by 9 July 2020, the date
of the creditors’ meeting. One Mr Palhala Sirait, sent it to her via WA on 14
May 2020. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 248.

But there is no evidence that Joanne e-mailed AWLP any time prior to the
creditors’ meeting, or that she and the plaintiff considered terminating the
POA. There is no evidence that Joanne and the plaintiff were concerned at all
about the POA or its use, even when the defendant’s offers were consistently
falling short of what they say he agreed to.

90 The plaintiff’s case is that as AWLP was hired by KSP Indosurya, it would
be working in the interests of KSP Indosurya and its beneficial owner. AWLP,
as the lawyers appointed by KSP Indosurya, would have the full authority to
cast votes during the creditors’ meeting without the need to consult or
receive instruction from the creditors. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PRS at para 75.

The plaintiff also submitted that he had agreed for the defendant to have
control over the voting rights and it would be contrary to the Oral Agreement
for him to act against that promise. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PRS at para 35.

91 However, the plaintiff’s case is not that the Oral Agreement required him
to cede control of his voting right in the PKPU Proceedings. He simply had to
sign the POA.

92 The POA itself does not transfer the plaintiff’s voting right to the
defendant. The POA specifically gives the agent (being AWLP) the right to
exclusively “[r]epresent, defend and maintain the legal rights and legal
interests of the Principal in his position as the other Creditor…”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 454.

In other words, it involves a principal-agent relationship, whereby the
creditor is the agent, and the plaintiff is the principal.

93 The plaintiff submits that the POA does not require AWLP to take
instructions from the plaintiff before they exercise the legal rights and
legal interests of the principal. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PRS at para 75.

However, the wording of the POA makes clear that the authority of AWLP as
agent is only to perform legal actions that are in the interest of the
principal. Both the plaintiff and the defendant’s experts agreed that if the
principal instructed the lawyer under the POA to vote against the
reconciliation, the lawyer as the agent would have to carry out such
instructions. The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Haryanto, further testified that
there is an “ethical obligation” on the agent-lawyer to always seek the
necessary consent or approval from the principal named in the POA. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

23 February Transcript 2022, p 80 lines 13–16.

94 There is no evidence that the plaintiff sought to instruct the lawyers
under the POA on how to vote, even though the POA gave him that power.

95 The plaintiff was careful enough to have the 5 May Letter prepared and have
Joanne get the defendant to sign it at the 7 May Dinner. Even when the
plaintiff, Joanne and the defendant met up on 3 July 2020, the plaintiff and
Joanne were careful enough to have Joanne write a set of minutes  
(“3 July Minutes”) and have parties, including the defendant, sign on it. The
extent of their carefulness is seen from their evidence that the plaintiff
told Joanne to cancel out the line “[w]e will settle the loan with the above
11 units” from the 3 July Minutes, as he was not sure if the NAV of those
properties would match the Loan Amount.

96 Thus, the plaintiff was clearly careful and thoughtful in approaching the
engagements with the defendant, whether at the 7 May Dinner or the 3 July
Meeting. In light of this, it is unlikely that he would not, at the very
least, have considered or discussed with Joanne the possibility of using the
POA as leverage, when the defendant was clearly failing to deliver his end of
the alleged Oral Agreement.

(5) Continued offers after PKPU judgment

97 On 20 July 2020, judgment was given in the PKPU proceedings for the
Reconciliation Plan, which had secured sufficient votes from creditors. Any
vote that would be taken through the POA would have been taken by then. In
other words, the substantial benefit to the defendant, as alleged by the
plaintiff, would have been taken by then.

98 Nevertheless, the defendant continued to discuss with Joanne about their
settlement, and even provided a further offer. On 21 July 2020, the defendant
offered to provide the plaintiff with a total of ten properties as compared to
the initial 9 Properties. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 96.

The fact that the defendant continued making offers after the voting in the
PKPU proceedings had taken place, and judgment had been issued, calls into
question whether the POA was really the benefit that he sought in these
discussions, as alleged by the plaintiff.

99 The 19 and 20 July 2020 WA exchanges between Joanne and the defendant
continue to suggest the lack of an Oral Agreement. When Joanne referred to a
balance $2m in relation to a proposal involving 11 properties valued at $13m,
the defendant replied “I don’t think we will reach agreement if it is like
that”. Joanne did not reply to him saying that they already had an agreement
or that that was not their agreement. She again made no reference to the Oral
Agreement or the POA. Instead, she sought to persuade him not to give such a
large haircut: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Joanne’s AEIC at pp 95–96.

[19/07/20 17.30.09] Joanne C: Hi Henry ... You want to settle with 11
commercials. But 11 commercials are with the total of SGD 13 million. How do
you want to settle the balance of SGD 2 million? I propose we start the
transfer of the 11 commercial with the value of SGD 13 million. Meanwhile, you
think about the balance SGD 2 million.”

[19/07/20 08.23.29] HS New Number: I don’t think we will reach an agreement if
it is like that.

…

[19/07/20 11.05.51] Joanne C: By the way Henry, so do you mean, we cut loss
SGD 2 million? From 15 million to 13 million?

[19/07/20 11.07.59] HS New Number: Because already give all the prime property
to you without any gain also from the price I bought and the taxes also not
factored in

[19/07/20 11.08.12] HS New Number: So basically I lose out

[19/07/20 11.08.45] HS New Number: Opportunity cost to settle with other
clients they are willing to haircut up to 50 percent

…

[20/07/20 12.03.05] Joanne C: By the way if other people already did haircut
50%, you don’t cut us too, that’s why we are friend, because from our side, we
have potential loss of 5 million. We surely cannot hold all of the properties,
we will need to sell.

100 On 3 September 2020, Joanne sent the defendant the following WA: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Joanne’s AEIC at pp 98–99.

[03/09/20 11.49.00] Joanne C: By the way Henry, I talked to my dad. My dad
said you do not want to suffer loss, and we also do not want to suffer loss.
So it’s difficult for us to make a deal. Then all along you have changed your
opinion, no certainty. I think it’s better if we settle it in court, it’s
certain. Unless you want to pay cash? So both parties are not suffering loss.”

101 She did not say that the defendant broke the deal. Instead, she said “it’s
difficult for us to make a deal”. Her emphasis that all along he changed his
opinion and that there was no certainty, also goes against her claim that the
defendant made the Oral Agreement. The plaintiff submits that this exchange
too, is a reference to just the defendant changing his opinion over the mode
of payment rather than the quantum of payment. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PRS at para 51.

However, the exchange was not merely over the mode of payment, but also the
quantum to be paid. In this particular exchange, the phrase “it’s difficult
for us to make a deal” reveals the gaps between both parties in arriving at an
agreement.

(6) Conclusion on correspondence after 7 May Dinner

102 On 30 September 2020, after the plaintiff had served court documents on
the defendant, Joanne proposed four options to the defendant. The defendant
replied: “I don’t think this will work as the negotiation is back to nothing
and to the beginning”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 103.

Plaintiff’s counsel put it to the defendant that this was him referring to
negotiations to pay cash only. The defendant disagreed and said that this
exchange was clear that there never was an agreement at the beginning.

103 I find that the plain wording of his WA message supports the defendant’s
position that he meant that this was a negotiation and there was no agreement
at the beginning.

104 The WA messages in the five areas analysed above, clearly evince an
ongoing negotiation rather than discussions about a prior agreement.

The value of the POA

105 The plaintiff relies on a series of circumstantial evidence in support of
his case that the POA was part of the alleged Oral Agreement. He argues that
the POA was valuable to the defendant because of his interest in securing
approval for the Reconciliation Plan in the PKPU proceedings. This, he argues,
explains why the Oral Agreement was reached.

106 The plaintiff refers to a WA message that the defendant sent to Joanne on
23 March 2020 stating that “[t]he most important point is that you have not
registered a PKPU”. Joanne replied “[o]k Henry. We have not registered a PKPU
… No benefit”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 64.

107 The defendant testified that he cannot recall why he said it then, but
what he meant is that it is important that the plaintiff had not cast his vote
in the PKPU Proceedings. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

17 February Transcript, p 101 lines 19–23.

The experts’ view on registration for PKPU proceedings supports the
defendant’s testimony. Both experts agreed that before a creditor can vote on
a reconciliation plan, he has to first register his claim. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

23 February Transcript, p 73 lines 1–8.

108 What the defendant’s WA message shows at the most, is that in making his
offer of help as of 23 March 2020, the defendant thought it important that if
he settled with the plaintiff and acquired his rights as creditor, the
defendant would not be bound as to which way to vote in the PKPU Proceedings.
It is very likely that the plaintiff would have supported the restructuring of
KSP Indosurya as opposed to its bankruptcy. He testified that KSP Indosurya
bears his family name, that their family business is in finance where trust is
important, and that the KSP Indosurya crisis was not good for maintaining such
trust.

109 However, the defendant’s interest in having KSP Indosurya restructured,
does not necessarily lead to the inference that he agreed to take on personal
liability for the Loan Amount in exchange for the plaintiff signing a POA. He
could have acquired the voting right associated with the Loan Amount, simply
by taking on personal liability for the Loan Amount, without the POA. Indeed,
this WA message from the defendant on 23 March 2020 does not make any
reference to a POA.

110 The plaintiff also submits that the timing of the POA, which was prepared
on 5 May 2020 and signed by the plaintiff on 8 May 2020, suggests that the POA
arose out of the 7 May Dinner. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PCS at para 81.

This is speculative. The defendant submits that these facts, at the highest,
might only suggest that the POA was discussed at the 7 May Dinner. I agree
with the defendant’s submission. These timings do not lead ineluctably to the
inference that the Oral Agreement was made at the 7 May Dinner and that the
POA was part of it.

111 The plaintiff also suggested that the defendant was motivated to have the
plaintiff sign the POA, because the defendant wanted to secure a PKPU
reconciliation settlement to help him obtain “restorative justice” in criminal
proceedings against him in Indonesia. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PCS at para 105.

However, the plaintiff is unable to provide any evidence in support of this
and has to rely on speculation.

112 The plaintiff points to Hendra’s message to Joanne on 24 April 2020 where
he said “[the defendant is] having a hard time, disturbed by many people. The
Court, the Police” and asked Joanne to “please support us so that it can move
forward smoothly”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Joanne’s AEIC at p 208.

There is however nothing in this message that goes so far as what the
plaintiff seeks to impute.

113 In court, the plaintiff also pointed to a news article that states that
the defendant submitted the PKPU Judgment to the Police. The defendant
explains that the PKPU Judgment was requested by the Police, and hence
submitted by his lawyers. The defendant denied that he was using the
reconciliation settlement to obtain restorative justice, or that he will.

114 Leaving aside that there is no evidence that the defendant was motivated
by the desire to obtain restorative justice, both experts also agreed that
based on the Indonesian Police operational guidelines on restorative justice,
Perkap 8/2021, that the plaintiff surfaced, the Police would only apply
restorative justice to minor crimes. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

23 February Transcript, p 96 lines 19–22 and p 97 lines 15–16.

It is the plaintiff’s case that the KSP Indosurya case involves one of the
biggest frauds in Indonesia’s history, involving IDR14.6 trillion and 5,700
customers. An offence of such nature would hardly be a minor crime.

115 In any event, there is no doubt that the defendant wanted a reconciliation
settlement in KSP Indosurya’s PKPU proceedings. It is his own case that KSP
Indosurya bears his family name, and that their family business is in finance,
where trust is important. He would clearly prefer for KSP Indosurya to obtain
a reconciliation for this reason, leaving aside any restorative justice
considerations.

Credibility of the defendant

116 On the stand, the defendant gave testimony which was against his AEIC. For
example, he stated in his AEIC that he returned the Amended 5 May Letter to
Joanne and told her to get it signed by the plaintiff. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 45.

However, he testified on the stand that the letter was already signed by the
plaintiff when he signed it at the 7 May Dinner. This change in the
defendant’s evidential position supports the plaintiff’s case, as it confirms
this aspect of the plaintiff’s version of events.

117 Thus, while the defendant was not always able to remember details, he did
not come across as a calculating witness seeking to carefully keep to his
pleaded case. Most importantly, I found the defendant’s evidence that he did
not make the Oral Agreement, to be consistent with the objective documentary
evidence. On the whole, I did not find reason to doubt his credibility as a
witness.

Credibility of Hendra Widjaya

118 Hendra is the lawyer who acted for KSP Indosurya in the PKPU Proceedings.
While the plaintiff had earlier thought that it would be a good idea for
Hendra to be at the 7 May Dinner so that he could be a witness, he was called
as the defendant’s witness in this Suit.

119 Some of Hendra’s oral testimony contradicted his AEIC. His evidence
negatively affected both the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s cases. For
example, by testifying that he did not hear much of the conversation between
Joanne and the defendant during the 7 May Dinner, Hendra retracted the parts
of his AEIC that said that he witnessed the defendant communicating caveats
about the 5 May Letter to the plaintiff. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

22 February Transcript, p 81 lines 6–18.

This was detrimental to the defendant’s case. At the same time, he also said
that he did not see the defendant pass the POA to Joanne. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

22 February Transcript, p 85 lines 6–9.

This would be against the plaintiff’s case.

120 Hendra appeared to be a reluctant witness. I found that his evidence could
not be said to reliably support or detract from either parties’ case.

Adverse Inference

121 The plaintiff submits that an adverse inference ought to be drawn against
the defendant for failing to produce communications between the defendant and
Hendra. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS at paras 20–24.

These communications would elucidate the defendant’s intention with respect to
the settlement of the Loan Amount referenced in Joanne’s WA message with
Hendra and could also shed light on whether the POA was sought from the
plaintiff to support KSP Indosurya’s reconciliation.

122 The defendant stated during the discovery process that in August 2020 he
sold off his phone to a second-hand mobile phone retailer. The plaintiff
submits that it is unbelievable that a businessman of the defendant’s standing
would sell his phone to a second-hand retailer. The plaintiff also alleges
that the timing of such sale is uncanny as it was soon after the plaintiff
communicated his intention to commence legal proceedings against the defendant
in Singapore.

123 The defendant submits that the plaintiff has not adduced any evidence in
support of the suggestion that he intentionally sold his mobile phone around
the time of the lawsuit to evade his discovery obligations. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DRS at para 38.

This suggestion should be disregarded as it is baseless.

124 The defendant has testified that he has sold his mobile phone. Beyond the
unsupported suggestions made by the plaintiff, there is nothing to show that
the defendant did so to avoid producing evidence of his WA messages with
Hendra.

125 The plaintiff further submits that an adverse inference should be drawn
because the defendant never asked Hendra for their WA messages, despite Hendra
swearing three affidavits and appearing as a witness on his behalf.

126 The defendant notes that when Hendra was cross-examined on his alleged
communications with the defendant with respect to the resolution of the Loan
Amount, Hendra gave evidence that he did not know what was discussed between
Joanne and the defendant. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

22 February Transcript 2022, p 17 line 4–14.

Hendra’s evidence is also that he was told that Joanne had gotten the POA from
KSP Indosurya. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

22 February Transcript 2022, p 50 line 5–6.

The defendant submits that Hendra’s evidence on these points were not credibly
challenged at trial.

127 I find that there is no basis to draw an adverse inference against the
defendant for not asking Hendra for his WA messages in respect of the Oral
Agreement or the POA. In The “Posidon” and another matter [2018] 3 SLR 372
(“The Posidon”) at [92], the court held that “[a] party seeking to draw
adverse inference must have a case to answer on the issue sought to be
strengthened by the drawing of the inference”, that is, “there must be a
substratum of evidence that establishes a prima facie case because the court’s
ability to draw an adverse inference cannot displace a party’s legal burden of
proof”. In this case, the documentary evidence includes the 5 May Letter, the
Amended 5 May Letter, the POA, the WA correspondence between the main parties
to the Oral Agreement (Joanne, the plaintiff and the defendant) in the lead up
to and after the 7 May Dinner, as well as correspondence between their
lawyers. The sheer weight of the documentary evidence indicates that there was
no Oral Agreement reached between the plaintiff (through Joanne) and
defendant. The plaintiff has not established the substratum of evidence for a
prima facie case. As was held in The Posidon, the court’s ability to draw an
adverse inference cannot displace a party’s legal burden of proof.

Misrepresentation

128 The plaintiff submits that if it is found that there was an agreement
between the parties on the terms of the Amended 5 May Letter, there was a
misrepresentation from the defendant that the NAV of the 9 Properties would be
sufficient to meet the Loan Amount. In such an event, the plaintiff claims for
the damages for such misrepresentation, being the difference between the NAV
of the Properties and the Loan Amount. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PCS at paras 118–122.

129 The defendant inserted “MOU” into the 5 May Letter. His stated intention
was to make the letter a non-binding agreement. Joanne agreed to this
insertion on the plaintiff’s behalf. The plaintiff’s position is also that he
did not agree to the Deletion and hence he did not agree to accept only the 9
Properties in satisfaction of the Loan Amount. The plaintiff based his claim
on the Oral Agreement instead of the Amended 5 May Letter. I find that the
evidence indicates an objective intention of the parties that the Amended 5
May Letter was not an agreement. Consequently, the issue of misrepresentation
in relation to the Amended 5 May Letter does not arise.

Conclusion

130 Assessing the evidence as a whole, including:

a. the conduct of the parties before and after the 7 May Dinner;

b. the defendant’s and Joanne’s behaviour in relation to the Amended 5 May
Letter at the 7 May Dinner;

c. the complete absence of any mention of the Oral Agreement and the POA in
the Amended 5 May Letter;

d. the tenor and content of the WA exchanges between the parties;

e. their lawyers’ correspondence;

f. the contrast between the care that the plaintiff and Joanne took in
relation to the 5 May Letter and the 3 July Minutes as opposed to their
conduct in relation to the Oral Agreement and the POA; and

g. the questionable value of the POA to the defendant,

I find that the plaintiff has not proven, on the balance of probabilities,
that the defendant agreed to take on the liability for the Loan Amount in
exchange for the plaintiff signing the POA. The plaintiff’s claim is
consequently dismissed.

131 I am grateful to both counsels, Mr Choo and Ms Wendy Tan, for their
effective assistance. Ms Tan, counsel for the plaintiff, put in a sterling
effort to marshal the evidence in support of the plaintiff’s case. The
documentary evidence was however, overwhelmingly against the plaintiff.

132 I will hear parties on costs.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tan Poh Ling Wendy, Kelley Wong Kar Ee and Lerh Guan Wei Terrence (Morgan
Lewis Stamford LLC) for the plaintiff;

Choo Zheng Xi, Ashley Yeo SiHui and Yong Shi Qian (Peter Low & Choo LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 29 Apr 2022 (11:31 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

