Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF THREE JUDGES of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 79

Originating Summons No 7 of 2021

In the matter of Sections 94(1) and 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pambayan, an Advocate and Solicitor of
the Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore  
---  
  
Between

| Law Society of Singapore  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pambayan  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

ex tempore judgment

[Legal Profession — Show cause action]

[Legal Profession — Professional conduct — Grossly improper conduct]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  
v

  

Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pambayan

[2022] SGHC 79

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 7 of 2021  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA and Judith Prakash JCA  
6 April 2022

7 April 2022

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
for Mr Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pambayan (“Mr Thirumurthy”), an advocate and
solicitor of about 21 years’ standing, to show cause as to why he should not
be made to suffer punishment under s 83(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”).

Background

2 The Law Society preferred a single charge of grossly improper conduct under
s 83(2)(b) of the LPA against Mr Thirumurthy for falsely attesting that he had
witnessed the signing of a Power of Attorney (“the POA”) by one Savarimuthu
Pitchai (“the Complainant”). In fact, the Complainant had not signed the POA
in Mr Thirumurthy’s presence. At the material time, Mr Thirumurthy was
practising as a sole proprietor. Mr Thirumurthy did not contest the charge
before the disciplinary tribunal.

3 The material facts relating to the charge are as follows. The Complainant
engaged one Realax Services Pte Ltd (“Realax”) to recover an investment which
he had made in a UK company. Realax advised the Complainant that the POA was
required for that purpose and it appointed Mr Thirumurthy to prepare the POA.
The Complainant was instructed to attend at Mr Thirumurthy’s office to sign
the POA, and when he did so, it transpired that Mr Thirumurthy was away from
his office attending to some other matters. The Complainant signed the POA in
the presence of Mr Thirumurthy’s secretary. When Mr Thirumurthy returned to
the office later that day, he was told of the Complainant’s visit to sign the
document by his secretary, and he then appended his signature on the POA and
attested that the Complainant had signed the POA in his presence. Mr
Thirumurthy says that he thought about asking the Complainant to return to his
office and execute the POA again, this time in his presence, but decided that
he did not need to do so because his secretary had witnessed the Complainant
signing the POA. Mr Thirumurthy accepts that regardless of the integrity and
reliability of his secretary it was wrong of him to issue a false attestation.

4 There was much common ground between the parties. Specifically, they both
accept, among other things, that:

(a) there is due cause for sanctions to be imposed;

(b) that Mr Thirumurthy acted dishonestly; and

(c) that Mr Thirumurthy’s dishonest act was a case of grave misjudgement,
rather than one which indicated a character defect rendering the solicitor
unfit for the profession or which struck at the heart of the administration of
justice. In Law Society of Singapore v Chia Choon Yang [2018] 5 SLR 1068, we
considered that, in cases concerning dishonesty, where there is no indication
of a defect of character rendering the solicitor unfit to remain a member of
the profession, the presumptive penalty of striking off the rolls may be
displaced.

5 In these circumstances, the only issue before us is what sanction is
appropriate in this case.

6 Counsel for the Law Society, Mr Ajaib Hari Dass, submits that the
appropriate sentence in this case is suspension for a period of between 12 and
15 months. On the other hand, counsel for Mr Thirumurthy, Mr R S Bajwa,
submits that we should impose a shorter period of suspension, but supplement
the punishment by imposing a fine pursuant to s 83(1)(e) of the LPA, which
provides that the court can impose a fine under s 83(1)(c) “in addition” to a
period of suspension imposed under s 83(1)(b). In the alternative, Mr Bajwa
submits that a period of six months’ suspension would be appropriate.

Our decision

7 At the hearing before us, we asked the parties where Mr Thirumurthy’s case
stood in comparison with that of the first respondent solicitor (“Mr Sum”) in
Law Society of Singapore v Sum Chong Mun and another [2017] 4 SLR 707 (“Sum
Chong Mun”). In that case, Mr Sum was procured by the second respondent
solicitor (“Ms Kay”) to certify and witness the execution of a lasting power
of attorney (“LPOA”) on which the donor’s signature had already been affixed
on the LPOA. The donee of the LPOA was Ms Kay’s sister. Mr Sum accepted Ms
Kay’s assurance, which was given to him in a professional capacity, that she
had explained the contents of the LPOA to the donor and that she had
personally witnessed the donor’s signature on the LPOA. Mr Sum was later
contacted by the police about the circumstances in which he came to witness
the execution of the LPOA, and he came to learn that Ms Kay’s representations
were untrue. Mr Sum then made a statutory declaration stating that he had not
witnessed the donor execute the LPOA and had certified the LPOA in reliance on
Ms Kay’s assurances. We considered that, while there were mitigating factors
operating in favour of Mr Sum, who had demonstrated genuine remorse, there was
nevertheless an overriding public interest that had been adversely affected.
This was because the primary safeguard against abuse of the LPOA regime is the
certification by an advocate and solicitor that he has witnessed its execution
by a donor who understood the implications of the LPOA (see Sum Chong Mun at
[45]). In the circumstances, we suspended Mr Sum from practice for one year
(Sum Chong Mun at [52]).

8 Both parties accept that the facts in this case are less serious than in Mr
Sum’s case. In part, that is because the instrument in Sum Chong Mun was a
LPOA that implicated serious public interest concerns, and in part, because
there is no question that the Complainant here did want to sign the POA he
signed, and did in fact sign it, albeit before Mr Thirumurthy’s secretary and
not before Mr Thirumurthy himself.

9 As we have noted above, both parties also accept that a term of suspension
was appropriate. On this, the principal point of departure between the parties
was the submission by Mr Bajwa that we could consider imposing a shorter
period of suspension, but also accompany that with the imposition of a fine.
Mr Bajwa relied on our judgment in Law Society of Singapore v Andre Ravindran
Saravanapavan Arul [2011] 4 SLR 1184, where we observed that, especially with
solicitors in small practices, a fine can have a strong deterrent effect (at
[34]-[37]). We do not accept the proposition that it is permissible to view
the imposition of a fine as a substitute for the imposition of all or part of
a period of suspension. A fine and a period of suspension are distinct
sanctions and there is no meaningful way in which any part of a period of
suspension can be substituted with the imposition of a fine. A fine may be
imposed on its own where it is sufficient (see, for instance, Law Society of
Singapore v Tay Choon Leng John [2012] 3 SLR 150 at [57]-[64]) or in addition
to some other sanction including a period of suspension where this is
warranted by other considerations, such as the desire to disgorge an illicit
gain (see, for instance, Law Society of Singapore v Chan Chun Hwee Allan
[2018] 4 SLR 859 at [53]).

Conclusion

10 In the present circumstances, having regard to the sentencing
considerations and having regard to the mitigating circumstances, as well as
the sentence that was imposed on Mr Sum in Sum Chong Mun, we consider that the
appropriate sentence in this case is the imposition of a suspension for a
period of nine months. On Mr Thirumurthy’s request, we also order that the
suspension commence on 1 May 2022. By the agreement of the parties, we also
order that Mr Thirumurthy pay the Law Society its costs fixed at $5,000,
together with disbursements fixed at $1,200. We also wish to record our
gratitude to both counsel for the measured way in which they presented their
respective cases.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice| Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
  
Ajaib Hari Dass  
(Haridass Ho & Partners) for the applicant;

R S Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) (instructed) and Mohan Das Naidu (Mohan Das Naidu &
Partners) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Apr 2022 (11:19 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

