Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 189

Originating Summons No 1014 of 2020

Between

| Zaiton Binte Adom  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Nafsiah Bte Wagiman  
---|---  
(2)| Safie Bin Jantan  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts] — [Institutional constructive trusts] —
[Remedial constructive trusts]  
[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts]

[Trusts] — [Quistclose trusts]  
[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment] — [Proprietary restitution]  
[Equity] — [Relief] — [Equitable lien]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zaiton bte Adom

  
v

  

Nafsiah bte Wagiman and another

[2022] SGHC 189

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1014 of 2020  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
11, 25 August, 16 September 2021

22 August 2022

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 By this application, the plaintiff seeks to recover $205,359.80 from either
or both defendants on a wide variety of personal and proprietary grounds. I
have dismissed all the plaintiff’s claims save one. I have ordered the second
defendant to pay $205,359.80 to the plaintiff as restitution for his unjust
enrichment.

2 Both the plaintiff and the second defendant have appealed against my
decision. I now set out my grounds.

Background facts

The relationships between the parties

3 The defendants married each other in 1985. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 16, para 1; First defendant’s 30
November 2020 affidavit, paragraph 5; cf the second defendant’s affidavit of 9
July 2021.

They divorced in 2018. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at pp 37-39.

The second defendant then married the plaintiff in 2019. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 3 and 11; 1DS, at para 4.

4 In 2002, the defendants purchased a Housing and Development Board (“HDB”)
flat (“the Flat”) as joint tenants to be their matrimonial home. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 8; the plaintiff’s 13
October 2020 affidavit, at para 7; First defendant’s submissions (“1DS”), at
para 4.

As is usual, the defendants paid the purchase price by borrowing money from
the HDB (“the HDB Loan”) and from each of their Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)
accounts. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 27 para 5.

In the usual way, all three loans were secured on the Flat by charges.

5 The defendants purchased the Flat at a price of $298,000. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, p 23.

The second defendant contributed the sum of just over $23,000 towards the down
payment for the Flat. He borrowed this sum from his own CPF account. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 32.

With the interest that has accrued on that loan over the past 20 years, he now
owes about $34,000 to his CPF account. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 32.

He contributed virtually nothing after 2002 towards servicing the HDB Loan.
The first defendant has serviced the HDB Loan virtually alone.

6 In 2015, the second defendant procured $205,359.80 from the plaintiff. He
then handed it to the first defendant. The first defendant used part of that
money to repay the HDB Loan in full. She thereby secured the total discharge
of the HDB’s charge on the Flat.

7 The defendants’ marriage was not a happy one, certainly in its later years.
In 2010, the second defendant pronounced a first talak on the first defendant.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 10; Second defendant’s 9 July
2021 affidavit, at p 8, para 3(b).

In 2013, while the second defendant was still married to the first defendant,
he entered into what is described as an “unregistered marriage” with the
plaintiff. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 9 and 11.

I take that to mean that they entered into a relationship akin to marriage
which was not recognised as a marriage under their personal law.

8 In 2019, after the defendants’ divorce, the second defendant and the
plaintiff “registered their marriage”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 3 and 11; 1DS, at para 4.

I take that to mean that they entered into a relationship of marriage which is
recognised under their personal law.

9 All three parties are employees of the HDB. Further, the plaintiff and the
first defendant have known each other since at least 2015. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 8 and 9; First defendant’s 30
November 2020 affidavit, para 6.

The plaintiff and the first defendant are therefore known to each other as
colleagues and acquaintances. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 6; Plaintiff’s 6 July
2021 affidavit, at paras 5.2.1 and 5.2.2.

The $205,359.80

10 In early 2015, the plaintiff came into a substantial sum of money from two
sources. First, she realised a profit of a little over $163,000 when she sold
her own HDB flat. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s 18 May 2021 affidavit, at para 3.1 and p 4.

Second, she withdrew a lump sum from her CPF account. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 14.

11 Knowing this, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 12 and 14.

the second defendant told the plaintiff: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 15.

(a) that the defendants had fallen into arrears in servicing the HDB Loan on
the Flat; and (b) that he intended to buy the first defendant’s interest in
the Flat from her, thereby making him the Flat’s sole owner. He asked the
plaintiff to hand him enough money, in the plaintiff’s own words, “to allow
him to deposit the same into the 1st Defendant’s CPF funds such as to allow
the 2nd Defendant to buy over the Flat”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 17; Notes of Argument, 16
September 2021, p 24.

The plaintiff agreed to hand $205,359.80 to the second defendant for this
purpose. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 19 to 22.

12 I use the neutral verb “hand” rather than “give” so as not to imply that
the plaintiff made a gift of the money to the second defendant. Whether she
did so is an issue in contention on this application.

13 The plaintiff handed the money to the second defendant in two tranches, on
both occasions at the second defendant’s request.

14 First, in February 2015, the plaintiff procured a cheque in the sum of
$7,256.68 drawn in favour of “CPF” and handed it to the second defendant. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 20 to 22 and p 24; First
defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 11, p 27.

The second defendant in turn handed the cheque to the first defendant. He
instructed her to deposit it into her CPF account. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 56 para 21; First defendant’s 30
November 2020 affidavit, at paras 11 and 13.

She did so, for the further credit of her CPF special account. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 13; AB Grounds of
Decision at [18(a)] (PBOA at p 559).

15 Second, in March 2015, the plaintiff procured a DBS cashier’s order in the
sum of $198,103.12 drawn in favour of “CPF BOARD” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 20 to 22 and p 24; First
defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 11, p 27.

and handed it to the second defendant. Once again, the second defendant handed
the cashier’s order to the first defendant and instructed her to deposit it
into her CPF account. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at paras 11 and 13.

But this time, she did not do so immediately. In April 2015, the second
defendant completed and presented to the first defendant the CPF form
necessary for the deposit. He instructed her again to deposit the cashier’s
order into her CPF account. This time, she did so, to the further credit of
her CPF ordinary account. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

First defendant’s 16 June 2021 affidavit, at paras 11 and 15; AB Grounds of
Decision at [18(b)] (PBOA at p 559).

16 This total sum of $205,359.80 is what the plaintiff now seeks to recover
from the defendants.

Two minor points

17 I should mention two minor points at this stage.

18 First, the cheque which the plaintiff handed to the second defendant in
February 2015 was not drawn on an account in the plaintiff’s name. It was
instead drawn on an account in the name of a company. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at pp 24, 36 and 81.

The evidence does not make clear the plaintiff’s connection to the company.
Nevertheless, the parties have treated the cheque and its proceeds as the
plaintiff’s property for all purposes. I shall do the same.

19 Second, the parties consistently but incorrectly refer to the cheque and
the cashier’s order collectively as two cashier’s orders. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 27 para 6; p 28 paragraph 10; p 30
para 16(c); p 42 para 6; p 45 para 22(a); First defendant’s 30 November 2020
affidavit, at para 11.1.

Nothing turns on whether the instrument which the plaintiff handed the second
defendant in February 2015 was a cheque or a cashier’s order. For continuity
and ease of exposition, therefore, I too will refer to these two instruments
collectively as two cashier’s orders.

The first defendant’s transactions

20 After paying the two cashier’s orders into her CPF account, the first
defendant carried out two transactions. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 28.

First, in September 2015, she withdrew $125,717.15 from her CPF ordinary
account in order to repay the HDB Loan in full. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 35; AB Grounds of Decision at [18(c)]
(PBOA at p 559).

The result was the total discharge of the HDB’s charge on the Flat. Second, in
February 2016, she transferred $30,002.68 from her CPF ordinary account to her
CPF investment account. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB Grounds of Decision at [18(d)] (PBOA at p 559).

21 On the evidence before me, the first defendant withdrew no funds from her
CPF account other than the sum of $125,717.15 paid to the HDB in September
2015. It therefore appears that, out of the $205,359.80 which the plaintiff
handed to the second defendant, a notional $79,642.65 remains in the first
defendant’s CPF account. That sum comprises: (a) $7,256.68 which remains in
the first defendant’s CPF special account (see [14] above); (b) $30,002.68
which remains in her CPF investment account (see [20] above); and (c)
$42,383.29 which remains in her CPF ordinary account (being $205,359.80 less
the sums of $7,256.68, $125,717.15 and $30,002.68). These figures ignore the
interest which will have accrued on these sums since 2015.

The first defendant discovers the truth

22 At some time in 2016, the plaintiff’s brothers visited the Flat demanding
to see the second defendant. Their intention was to recover $205,359.80 from
him. The second defendant was not present at the Flat. The first defendant
was.

23 As a result of this visit, the first defendant questioned the second
defendant about the source of the two cashier’s orders. The first defendant’s
evidence is that it was only then that the second defendant revealed to her
for the first time: (a) that the plaintiff was the ultimate source of the two
cashier’s orders; and (b) that he had entered into an unregistered marriage
(see [7] above) with the plaintiff in 2013.

24 The first defendant’s evidence is that, as a result of these disclosures,
she assumed that the plaintiff had made a gift of the two cashier’s orders to
the second defendant because he did not say anything to the contrary. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 17; First defendant’s 15
June 2021 affidavit, at para 12.

I accept the first defendant’s evidence. The second defendant does not suggest
that he told the first defendant anything about the origin of the two
cashier’s orders before 2016 and, in particular, at the time he handed them to
her. Further, it would be natural for the first defendant to assume that the
plaintiff, having entered into an unregistered marriage with the second
defendant three years earlier, would as a result be prepared to make a gift of
such a large sum to him.

The defendants’ divorce proceedings

25 In May 2017, the first defendant commenced divorce proceedings against the
second defendant in the Syariah Court. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 18.

In April 2018, at the first hearing of the divorce proceedings, the first
defendant volunteered to the court that she had used money originating from
the plaintiff to repay the HDB Loan in full. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 51 para 5.2; p 56, para 15;
Plaintiff’s 15 June 2021 affidavit, at paras 16 and 17; Second defendant’s 9
July 2021 affidavit, at p 15 para 21(ii).

The Syariah Court therefore held the divorce proceedings in abeyance to allow
the plaintiff an opportunity to apply to intervene in the divorce proceedings
and to assert a claim. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit at para 30; p 51 at para 5.2; First
defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 19(2); Plaintiff’s 15 June
2021 affidavit, at para 17.

26 In September 2018, the first defendant secured directions to permit the
divorce proceedings to continue 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 19(3).

on the basis that the plaintiff had failed to intervene in the divorce
proceedings. The plaintiff’s submission is that she had failed to do so simply
because the first defendant failed to tell her about the Syariah Court’s
directions. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 33.

The property division order

27 In December 2018, the Syariah Court issued a divorce decree dissolving the
defendants’ marriage. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 5; Plaintiff’s 13
October 2020 affidavit, at pp 37-39.

The decree included an order dividing the defendants’ matrimonial property
under s 52(3)(d) of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the AMLA”).

28 The property division order required the Flat be sold forthwith and awarded
the first defendant 100% of the net proceeds of sale. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, pp 16–17, para 5(a).

The order also awarded the first defendant $30,000 out of the $34,000 which
the second defendant would have to repay to his CPF account out of the
proceeds of sale (see [5] above). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 17 para 8; p 32; pp 55 to 56 at paras
11 to 13; p 76.

29 The property division order made no provision for the plaintiff. In
particular, it took no account of the $205,359.80 which the second defendant
had obtained from the plaintiff and handed to the first defendant or that part
of it which the first defendant had used to repay the HDB Loan in full.

30 That is not surprising. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Second defendant’s 9 July 2021 affidavit, at pp 13 to 14, at [19]–[20].

The plaintiff herself had not intervened in the divorce proceedings and
therefore had made no claim to any interest in the Flat. Further, the second
defendant had filed no affidavits 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 53 para 6.

and took no substantive part in the divorce proceedings. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, paras 25 and 29; p 51 at para 5.1; p
53, para 5.5.

He also failed to attend, whether by counsel or in person, the hearings at
which the divorce decree was issued, and the property division order was made.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB Grounds of Decision at [6] (PBOA at PDF p 555); Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020
affidavit, at p 33, para 4.

31 The second defendant took this approach in the divorce proceedings even
though he had, by then, entered into an unregistered marriage (see [7] above)
with the plaintiff. He would therefore be expected to have had a natural
incentive to protect if not advance the plaintiff’s interests over the first
defendant’s interests. Despite this, the second defendant supplied no evidence
and made no submissions to the court about the legal consequences of the first
defendant having used money which originated from the plaintiff to repay the
HDB Loan in full.

The variation

32 It was only when the second defendant learned of the terms of the property
division order that he acted to protect and advance the plaintiff’s interests.
That was when he applied to the Syariah Court under s 52(6) of the AMLA to
have the order varied in two material respects: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 21 to 23.

(a) by ordering that the plaintiff be paid $205,359.80 plus interest out of
the net proceeds of the sale of the Flat on the basis that she had a
proprietary interest in the Flat; 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at p 34 para 11 and p 35 para 15; AB
Grounds of Decision at [10] (PBOA at p 556).

(b) and by ordering that the second defendant be paid 15% of the net proceeds
of sale by virtue of his contribution to the down payment (see [5] above). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 40; p 35, paras 13(c) and 14; p
68 at para 16.

33 At the same time, the second defendant asked the plaintiff to intervene in
the divorce proceedings and assert her claim. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 40.

The plaintiff did so.

34 In May 2019, the plaintiff secured leave with the defendants’ consent to
intervene in the divorce proceedings. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at p 48.

In her affidavit filed in May 2019, on legal advice, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, para 41.

she framed her claim as a proprietary claim arising from a direct contribution
of $205,359.80 towards the acquisition of the Flat. By her calculations,
$205,359.80 represented 47% of the combined direct contributions of all three
parties towards the acquisition of the Flat. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 42, para 7(c); p 43, para 10.

But the plaintiff did not go so far as to ask the Syariah Court to award her
47% of the Flat’s net proceeds of sale. Instead, she asked the court to order
the first defendant to pay her $205,359.80 plus accrued interest out of the
net proceeds of sale. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 41; p 42, para 7(c) to 8; p 44,
para 14.

The plaintiff accepted that the first defendant was entitled to set off
against this sum of $205,398.80 an unrelated debt of $11,888 which she
admitted owing to the first defendant. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at p 45, para 19(c).

35 The first defendant quite naturally resisted the second defendant’s
variation application. In May 2019, she filed an affidavit in support of her
position. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at pp 56 to 57, paras 16 to 17; p 59
para 24.

In the affidavit, she accepted that she prima facie had an obligation to pay
$205,359.80 to the plaintiff (see [123(d)] below). But at the same time, she
claimed to be entitled to set off against the $205,359.80 certain debts which
the second defendant allegedly owed her. Effecting that set off left her
liable to pay only $53,653.80 to the plaintiff. The first defendant concluded
her affidavit by confirming that she was prepared to pay the plaintiff
$53,653.80 out of the Flat’s net proceeds of sale, less a sum of $3,500 for
legal costs which she claimed from the plaintiff. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at pp 61 to 62, paras 33 to 34.

36 The plaintiff denied 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 39; p 44 at para 15 to 18.

and continues to deny 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

First defendant’s 13 July 2021 affidavit, at para 4.

both: (a) that she is liable to the first defendant for any of the debts of
the second defendant which the first defendant seeks to set off against the
$205,359.80; and (b) that the first defendant has any legal basis to set these
debts off against the sum of $205,359.80.

37 In October 2019, the Syariah Court rendered its decision on the variation
application. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, pp 19 to 20.

The court agreed with the first defendant that the property division order
should not be varied in so far as it related to the second defendant’s rights
(see [32] above). Thus, the first defendant remained entitled to 100% of the
net proceeds of sale as against the second defendant.

38 However, the Syariah Court agreed in part with both the second defendant
and the plaintiff that the property division order should be varied in so far
as it related to the plaintiff’s rights. The court held that: (a) the first
defendant had failed to show that the plaintiff was liable for any of debts
which the first defendant claimed to be entitled to set off against the
$205,359.80; (b) the first defendant would be unjustly enriched in the sum of
$125,717.15 (see [20] above) if she did not account to the plaintiff for that
sum out of the net proceeds of sale; and (c) the plaintiff’s claims for the
remainder of the $205,359.80 were unrelated to the Flat and would have to be
decided by an ordinary civil claim in the ordinary civil courts rather than in
matrimonial proceedings in the Syariah Court. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Second defendant’s 9 July 2021 affidavit, at p 16 at [23]–[24].

39 The Syariah Court therefore ordered the first defendant to pay the
plaintiff $138,917.15 out of the net proceeds of sale. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 42; pp 19 to 20.

That figure represents only the sum which the first defendant used to repay
the HDB loan, ie, $125,717.15 (see [20] above), plus $13,200 in accrued
interest. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Syariah Court’s GD For SUM 52062 at [26] (Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities
filed 10 August 2021 (“PBOA”) PDF p 550); Second defendant’s 9 July 2021
affidavit, at p 12.

The appeal

40 The plaintiff appealed against the variation order to the Appeal Board
constituted under the AMLA. Her case on appeal was that the court should have
ordered that she be paid the sum of $205,359.80 in full out of the net
proceeds of sale. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB Grounds of Decision at [19] (PBOA at p 559).

The plaintiff’s case was that she had a proprietary interest worth $205,359.80
in the Flat. That meant that the Flat was, to that extent, no longer
matrimonial property which the court had any power to divide between the first
defendant and the second defendant upon divorce. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB Grounds of Decision at [30]–[31] (PBOA at PDF pp 561 to 562).

41 The first defendant did not appeal against the variation order. She was
prepared to pay the plaintiff $138,917.15 out of the net proceeds of sale as
required by the varied property division order “for the sake of closure”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB Grounds of Decision at [36] (PBOA at p 563).

42 In August 2020, the Appeal Board dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at p 87 to 88.

But the Appeal Board went on of its own motion to set aside the variation
order. The result of the Appeal Board’s decision was to restore the original
property division order (see [27]–[29] above). Therefore, even though the
first defendant had chosen not to appeal against the variation order, she
found herself no longer under any obligation to pay any part of the Flat’s net
proceeds of sale to the plaintiff. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at p 87; 1DS at para 13.

43 The Appeal Board arrived at its decision by analogy with the decision of
the Court of Appeal in UDA v UDB and another [2018] 1 SLR 1015. In brief, the
Appeal Board held that a Syariah Court does not have jurisdiction to vary a
property division order in favour of non-party to the marriage (in this case,
the plaintiff). The Appeal Board rested its decision on two grounds. First, a
Syariah Court, when exercising matrimonial jurisdiction under s 35(2) and s 52
of the AMLA, does not have personal jurisdiction or power to determine the
substantive rights of a non-party to the marriage even if the non-party had
obtained leave to intervene in the matrimonial proceedings. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB Grounds of Decision at [74]–[76] (PBOA at PDF pp 574 to 575).

Second, given that the foundation of the plaintiff’s claim was a proprietary
interest in the Flat to the extent of $205,359.80, that interest was not
“property” within the meaning of s 52(14) of the AMLA and was therefore not
susceptible to a Syariah Court’s power to make orders for the disposition or
division of “property” in the exercise of its matrimonial jurisdiction under s
52(3) of the AMLA. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB Grounds of Decision at [77]–[78] (PBOA at PDF pp 576).

44 The Appeal Board expressly stated that its decision was simply that the
plaintiff had asserted her claim in the wrong court and not that her claim
lacked merit. As a result, the Appeal Board said that nothing in its decision
precluded her from vindicating her claim for $205,359.80 in full through an
ordinary civil claim in the ordinary civil courts.

45 Taking her cue from the Appeal Board, the plaintiff commenced these
proceedings in October 2020, claiming $205,359.80 in full from one or both of
the defendants.

46 The property division order remains in force to this day. But it has yet to
be implemented. The Flat has yet to be sold. The defendants continue to co-own
it as joint tenants. The first defendant continues to live in the Flat
together with one of the defendants’ three children. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at paras 5 and 9.

The Flat’s estimated value is now between $350,000 and $438,000. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, para 44.2; p 29 at para 13(a); p 43 at
para 13(e) and 14(a); Second defendant’s 9 July 2021 affidavit, p 9, para
6(h).

The plaintiff’s claims

47 Arising from these facts, the plaintiff seeks to recover $205,359.80 from
one or both of the defendants under the following heads of substantive relief:
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

HC/OS 1014/2020.

1\. A declaration that the Defendants jointly or severally hold the sum of
$205,359.80 as constructive trustee for the Plaintiff under institutional
and/or remedial constructive trust.

2\. In the alternative a declaration that the Defendants jointly or severally
hold the traceable proceeds of and/or the value of the sum of $205,359.80 as
constructive trustee for the Plaintiff under institutional and/or remedial
constructive trust.

3\. Further or in the alternative a declaration that the Defendants are
jointly or severally liable to pay the Plaintiff the sum of $205,359.80 or the
traceable proceeds of and/or the value of the sum of $205,359.80 as unjust
enrichment and/or as proprietary restitution.

4\. A declaration that the Plaintiff is beneficially entitled to the eventual
sale proceeds of the Flat in the sum of $205,359.80 under institutional and/or
remedial constructive trust.

5\. In the alternative a declaration that the Plaintiff is beneficially
entitled to the eventual sale proceeds of the Flat in the sum of $205,359.80
under resulting Quistclose trust.

6\. In the alternative a declaration that the Plaintiff is beneficially
entitled under institutional and/or remedial constructive trust and/or
resulting Quistclose trust to the eventual sale proceeds of the Flat in such
sums as this Court deems just.

7\. In the alternative a declaration that the Plaintiff is beneficially
entitled under institutional and/or remedial constructive trust and/or
resulting Quistclose trust to the traceable proceeds of and/or the value of
the sum of $205,359.80.

8\. A tracing order pursuant to the above declaration.

9\. The eventual sale proceeds of the Flat be divided on such terms as this
Court deems just pursuant to the above declaration.

10\. The surrender of the eventual sale proceeds of the Flat to the Plaintiff
pursuant to the above declaration.

11\. An equitable lien be imposed on the Flat pursuant to the above
declaration on such terms and in such manner as this Court deems just.

48 At the outset of his oral submissions, plaintiff’s counsel confirmed that
the plaintiff’s case against the second defendant is that he is a trustee for
the plaintiff only under a Quistclose trust 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, p 16 lines 1 to 14.

or a remedial constructive trust, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, p 18 lines 17 to 27; cf lines 1 to 6.

and not, therefore, under a constructive trust or a presumed resulting trust.
But at a later point in his oral submissions, plaintiff’s counsel appeared to
argue that the second defendant is a trustee for the plaintiff also under a
constructive trust 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, p 19 lines 15 to 18.

and a presumed resulting trust. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Notes of Argument, 25 August 2021, p 15 lines 2 to 7.

49 Plaintiff’s counsel also submitted that the plaintiff’s proprietary claim
is aimed only at the first defendant’s CPF account or the Flat’s net proceeds
of sale. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Notes of Argument, 25 August 2021, p 23 lines 26 to 29; p 26 lines 15 to 17; p
28 lines 3 to 8.

The prayers in this application are therefore deliberately and carefully
framed to claim no proprietary interest in the Flat, at most only an equitable
lien on the Flat.

50 With these points in mind, the plaintiff’s 11 heads of principal
substantive relief can be distilled into the following seven claims:

(a) One or both of the defendants holds $205,359.80 on constructive trust for
the plaintiff.

(b) The court should impose a remedial constructive trust on one or both of
the defendants in favour of the plaintiff for the sum of $205,359.80.

(c) One or both of the defendants holds $205,359.80 on a presumed resulting
trust for the plaintiff.

(d) The second defendant holds $205,359.80 on a Quistclose trust for the
plaintiff.

(e) One or both of the defendants is liable to the plaintiff for the sum of
$205,359.80 in unjust enrichment.

(f) One or both of the defendants is liable to the plaintiff in the sum of
$205,359.80 as proprietary restitution.

(g) The plaintiff is entitled to an equitable lien on the Flat.

Findings as to each party’s knowledge and intention

51 Before turning to a consideration of each of these seven claims, it is
convenient to make my findings of fact as to each party’s knowledge and
intention in February and March 2015, at the time the second defendant handed
the two cashier’s orders to the first defendant.

52 I start by analysing the second defendant’s knowledge and intention. I
start with the second defendant because I find that it was he who conceived
and executed the plan which has given rise to this dispute. The plaintiff did
not conceive or initiate the plan which has given rise to this dispute. Her
evidence (see [63] below) is that it was the second defendant who repeatedly
asked her to hand him $205,359.80, knowing that she had come into a
substantial sum of money in early 2015. The second defendant does not deny
this aspect of the plaintiff’s evidence. I accept the plaintiff’s evidence.
Equally, the first defendant did not conceive or initiate the plan which has
given rise to this dispute. Her evidence is that she did not at any time ask
the second defendant to give her any part of this $205,359.80. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 58, para 21.

The second defendant does not deny this aspect of the first defendant’s
evidence. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Second defendant’s 9 July 2021 affidavit, at para 7(b), p 16 para 21(i).

I accept the first defendant’s evidence.

53 This dispute has arisen only because of a plan conceived and executed by
the second defendant. I therefore begin by analysing the second defendant’s
knowledge and intention in February and March 2015.

The second defendant’s knowledge and intention

54 The second defendant’s evidence is that his “initial plan” was as follows:
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Second defendant’s 14 June 2021 affidavit, para 5.

5\. The initial plan was for the Plaintiff to acquire and purchase the flat
through me from the 1st Defendant. The payments made by the Plaintiff was
[sic] to enable the 1st Defendant and I [sic] as the joint owners then to pay
off the outstanding loan to HDB and for the 1st Defendant to be able to
purchase another flat as we were on the verge of divorce.

[Emphasis added]

55 I find that the second defendant’s “initial plan” comprised the following
six steps. First, the second defendant would persuade the plaintiff to hand
$205,359.80 to him. Second, he would hand the money to the first defendant and
direct her to deposit it into her CPF account. Third, he would persuade the
first defendant to do as he directed. Fourth, the first defendant would use
part of the money to repay the HDB Loan in full and thereby discharge the
HDB’s charge on the Flat. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 15 to 18.

Fifth, the second defendant would persuade the first defendant to transfer her
interest in the Flat to him. Finally, the first defendant would apply the
remainder of the $205,359.80 in her CPF account towards purchasing a new flat
to house herself and the defendants’ child.

56 In my view, the second defendant’s use of the word “purchase” (see [54]
above) means that he intended the $205,359.80 which he was to hand the first
defendant in the second step of his plan to be the consideration for her
transfer to him of her interest in the Flat in the fifth step. This has three
consequences. First, it means that he did not intend the $205,359.80 to be a
gift from him to the first defendant. He expected something in exchange.
Second, it means that he did not expect her to make a gift to him of her
interest in the Flat. He intended to give her something in exchange. Third, it
means that he did not expect to pay her anything more than $205,359.80 in
order to secure her transfer of her interest in the Flat to him and in
consideration of the transfer.

57 Several points puzzled me about the second defendant’s plan. Why did the
second defendant ask the plaintiff for the precise figure of $205,359.80? Why
did he not just ask the plaintiff for the $125,717.15 necessary to repay the
HDB Loan and instead ask for about $80,000 more? And why did the money have to
be paid into the first defendant’s CPF account rather than into the second
defendant’s CPF account (to fund his purchase of the first defendant’s share
of the Flat in the fifth step) or directly in cash to the HDB (to repay the
HDB Loan)?

58 None of the parties offered a direct answer to these questions in evidence
or in submissions. And the answer is ultimately immaterial to the issues I
have to decide. But purely by way of background, it appears that the answer to
both questions is related to the fact that the first defendant’s CPF account
was “depleted” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 26 lines 27 to 28; lines 22 to 23.

in February 2015. The second defendant therefore intended the $205,359.80 to
“replenish” 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 26 lines 27 to 28; lines 22 to 23;
line 28; lines 18 to 19.

the first defendant’s CPF account. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 27 para 8(a).

He apparently believed that doing so was a condition precedent under the rules
and regulations of the CPF Board for the first defendant to transfer her
interest in the Flat to him. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 27 at para 8(a); First defendant’s 30
November 2020 affidavit, at p 64 at para 5; Notes of Argument, 16 September
2021, p 26 line 27 to 28 and p 27 line 22 to p 28 line 21.

59 It is true that $205,359.80 is very close to the total of the sums
necessary to repay in full: (a) the HDB Loan; and (b) the amount which the
first defendant had borrowed (ie, withdrawn with an obligation to repay with
interest) from her CPF account to purchase the Flat, together with accrued
interest. The actual discharge of the HDB’s charge and a credit balance in the
first defendant’s CPF account of funds sufficient to discharge her CPF charge
would permit her to transfer her interest in the Flat to the second defendant
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 64 at para 5.1.

subject only to his existing CPF charge.

60 In any event, as I have said, the reason the second defendant conceived and
executed this plan is ultimately immaterial because the steps of the plan are
clear.

61 I now turn to consider the plaintiff’s knowledge and intention.

The plaintiff’s knowledge and intention

62 It is useful to consider the plaintiff’s knowledge and intention from two
perspectives: (a) as against the first defendant; and (b) as against the
second defendant.

As against the first defendant

(1) The plaintiff’s knowledge of the second defendant’s plan

63 I first consider the plaintiff’s knowledge and intention as against the
first defendant. The plaintiff’s evidence is as follows: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, paras 17 to 18.

17\. … [the] 2nd Defendant repeatedly requested that I handed to him monies to
allow him to deposit the same into the 1st Defendant’s CPF funds such as to
allow 2nd Defendant to buy over the Flat, that being the specific reason
informed to me as opposed to the details of the same I now reason, ie the
purchase of the defendant’s interest in the Flat.

18\. Faced with 2nd Defendant’s said repeated requests, I then reasoned that
any monies handed to 2nd Defendant by me would be returned to me in some way,
one of them being upon the subsequent sale of the Flat by the 2nd Defendant; I
did not think through the means or ways by which the said monies were to be
returned save that I did not intend to gift the money to the 2nd Defendant or
the Defendants, that at all times I had desired for the said sum to be
returned to me.

[Emphasis added]

64 I find that the plaintiff knew the second defendant’s plan when she handed
the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant in 2015. I say that for two
reasons. First, in the passage I have cited at [63] above, the plaintiff
accepts that she knew the first to fifth steps of the second defendant’s plan
(see [55] above) when she handed the two cashier’s orders to the second
defendant.

65 As for the sixth step of the second defendant’s plan, it is true that this
passage does not go so far as to accept that the plaintiff knew that step. But
I find on the balance of probabilities that she also knew the sixth step. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Second defendant’s 14 June 2021 affidavit, at para 5.

She knew each of the five preceding steps of the plan. She knew that, if these
five steps were carried out, the first defendant would need a flat to house
herself and the defendants’ child. It is therefore likely that the plaintiff
also knew that the first defendant would have to purchase another flat for
that purpose. Further, the plaintiff was in an unregistered marriage with the
second defendant at that time. There was no reason for him to be candid with
her about the first five steps of his plan but to withhold from her the sixth
step.

66 I therefore find that all six steps of the plan which the second defendant
conceived and executed was the common intention of both the second defendant
and the plaintiff. I find that this was their common intention, at the very
latest, from the time the second defendant procured the cheque from the
plaintiff in February 2015.

An apparent discrepancy

67 At this stage, I deal with an apparent discrepancy between the plaintiff’s
evidence and the second defendant’s evidence of his plan. The second
defendant’s evidence is that the plan was for the plaintiff to “acquire and
purchase” the Flat “through” the second defendant (see [54] above), ie, that
the outcome of the plan would leave the plaintiff the sole owner of the Flat.
The plaintiff’s evidence is that the plan was for the second defendant to “buy
over” the Flat from the first defendant (see [63] above), ie, that the outcome
of the plan would leave the second defendant the sole owner of the Flat.

68 The second defendant does not explain what he means by the phrase “for the
Plaintiff to acquire and purchase the flat through me” (see [54] above). It
could suggest that he was to hold the Flat as a nominee for the plaintiff. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

First defendant’s 13 July 2021 affidavit, para 5.

That would be a potential contravention of s 51 of the Housing and Development
Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed). That is because the evidence shows that the
plaintiff was not eligible to own an interest in an HDB flat before December
2014 (when she sold her own HDB flat) or after October 2015 (when she
purchased a replacement HDB flat). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiff’s 18 May 2021 affidavit, at para 3.

The second defendant repaid the HDB Loan in full only in September 2015. That
leaves only a window of only about a month, from September to October 2015, in
which the plaintiff was eligible to own an interest in an HDB flat.

69 The discrepancy may be more apparent than real. The plaintiff’s evidence
can be reconciled with the second defendant’s evidence by taking both their
evidence as referring to the possibilities I identify at [75] below as ways in
which the second defendant could account to the plaintiff for the $205,359.80.

70 In any event, in so far as there is an unreconciled discrepancy in the
evidence on this point, I am inclined to accept the plaintiff’s evidence. Her
evidence is consistent with the second defendant’s first account of his plan,
which he gave to the Syariah Court in the variation application. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 27, para 6.

In that affidavit, he makes no reference to the plaintiff acquiring the Flat
through him. He says simply that he obtained the money from the plaintiff and
handed it to the first defendant in order for him to “take over the [Flat] and
reimbursed [sic] the [first defendant’s] CPF money”.

71 Even if I am wrong on this, I consider it to be ultimately immaterial to my
findings as to the parties’ knowledge and intention. Whichever account is
true, it was their common intention that one or other of them was to become
the sole owner of the Flat in the fifth step of the plan, in exchange for and
in consideration of the plaintiff’s $205,359.80. This apparent discrepancy
therefore does not alter my finding that carrying out the second defendant’s
six-step plan was the common intention of the second defendant and the
plaintiff from, at the latest, February 2015.

As against the second defendant

72 I now turn to consider the plaintiff’s knowledge and intention as against
the second defendant.

73 I begin by finding that the second defendant and the plaintiff did not
discuss what, if anything, the plaintiff was to receive from the second
defendant in return for the two cashier’s orders, let alone agree or arrive at
any understanding to that effect. I make that finding because the plaintiff
and the second defendant give no evidence whatsoever of any contemporaneous
discussion, agreement or understanding between them in February and March 2015
as to whether the two cashier’s orders: (a) were or were not a gift from the
plaintiff to the second defendant; (b) were or were not a loan from the
plaintiff to the second defendant; or (c) would or would not yield in favour
of the plaintiff a proprietary interest in the Flat.

74 The plaintiff’s evidence on this point is that she did not intend
$205,359.80 to be a gift to the second defendant because she “reasoned that
any monies handed to 2nd Defendant by [her] would be returned to [her] in some
way” (see [63] above). I make two points about this. First, this is the
plaintiff’s evidence of her contemporaneous internal rationalisation to
herself of her decision to hand the two cashier’s orders to the second
defendant. It is not her evidence of a discussion, agreement or understanding
with him that this was the basis on which she was doing so. Second, this is a
self-serving statement which she now makes with the benefit of hindsight,
knowing that the second defendant’s plan has gone awry at the fifth step.

75 On the basis of the plaintiff’s own evidence, I find that she handed the
two cashier’s orders to the second defendant in total reliance on her
subjective, self-engendered expectation that he would return $205,359.80 to
her in some way. There are many means by which the second defendant could do
this. He could become the sole owner of the Flat, sell it and pay $205,359.80
to the plaintiff out of the Flat’s net proceeds of sale. She expressly refers
to this means of returning the money to her in her evidence (see [63] above).
But she also expressly describes this as only one of the “means or ways” by
which he could “return” $205,359.80 to her. Although she does not elaborate
upon the other means, it is not difficult to posit them. He could simply pay
her $205,359.80 at some point in the future. He could become the sole owner of
the Flat and add her as a co-owner for no additional consideration. He could
abandon the fifth step of the plan and procure the first defendant to transfer
the Flat to the plaintiff and the second defendant as joint owners. He could
acquire the first defendant’s interest in the Flat, discharge his own CPF
charge and transfer the Flat to the plaintiff’s sole name. He could leave the
Flat to the plaintiff in his will. The important point is that neither the
plaintiff nor the second defendant have given any evidence that any of these
ways or means was actually the subject of any discussion, agreement or even
understanding between the second defendant and the plaintiff at any time.

76 I therefore find that the plaintiff handed the two cashier’s orders to the
second defendant in 2015 relying on and induced by nothing more than: (a) his
request for the money as her husband in an unregistered marriage; and (b) her
faith in him, as her de facto husband, that he would do the right thing and
return $205,359.80 to her by some unspecified means and at some unspecified
time in the future. In that sense, she handed the two cashier’s orders to the
second defendant as an advance to the second defendant to enable him to
acquire the first defendant’s interest in the Flat, but with no agreement or
even expectation as to the manner or time the second defendant would return
it.

77 I find further that this subjective and self-engendered expectation is all
that the plaintiff means when she says that she did not intend the two
cashier’s orders to be a gift to the second defendant (see [63] above).

78 I turn now to consider the knowledge and intention of the first defendant.

The first defendant’s knowledge and intention

79 The first defendant’s evidence is that: (a) she did not know until 2016
that the plaintiff was the source of the two cashier’s orders; 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

First defendant’s 16 June 2021 affidavit, para 9.

(b) she never knew the second defendant’s “initial plan” (see [54] above); 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

First defendant’s 16 June 2021 affidavit, at paras 11, 30.

and (c) the second defendant told her that the money was his unpaid share of
the monthly payments to service the HDB Loan. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 57 paras 19 to p 58, para 20; First
defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at para 12.

Her evidence is as follows: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

First defendant’s 16 June 2021 affidavit, at para 10.

10\. I state that sometime in February and March 2015, the 2nd Defendant had
physically handed over to me two (02) cashier’s orders, both of which were
payable to CPF. He informed me that the monies he was handing over to me were
his share of the monthly mortgage payments. I had asked the 2nd Defendant
where the monies came from as it was a huge sum of money and he insisted that
he borrowed it from a friend and refused to answer any further questions in
relation to the same. At this juncture, I wish to inform this Honourable Court
that since the 2nd Defendant and I purchased the Flat, I was the one solely
paying for the repayment of the mortgage of the Flat.

80 In an affidavit filed in a failed attempt to strike out the plaintiff’s
application, the first defendant said this: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

First defendant’s 30 November 2020 affidavit, at paras 14 to 17.

14\. I state that at the material time of receiving the Cashier’s Orders from
the 2nd Defendant, I was neither aware of the relationship between the
Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant, nor of the fact that the Cashier’s Orders
were issued by the Plaintiff. I had merely trusted the 2nd Defendant’s
intentions and instructions pertaining to the Cashier’s Orders.

15\. I wish to inform this Honourable Court that I had only discovered the
source of the Cashier’s Orders sometime in 2016, when three persons appeared
at the Flat while I was at home, demanding to see the 2nd Defendant. The 2nd
defendant was not around at that time but the three men informed me that the
2nd Defendant had taken substantial of monies from their sister. They had said
that their sister had recently sold her Clementi flat and had given the
proceeds thereof to the 2nd Defendant. They had also demanded that the 2nd
Defendant repay all those monies owed to their sister.

16\. After this incident, I had questioned the 2nd Defendant on the sources of
the Cashier’s Orders. It was upon my insistent questioning that the 2nd
Defendant informed me that he had married the Plaintiff and that the Cashier’s
Orders were given to the 2nd Defendant by the Plaintiff. I was also informed
that these were monies derived from the Plaintiff’s sale proceeds of her
previous flat in Clementi.

17\. I state that the 2nd [defendant] had at no point during the marriage
informed me or made any representations which would cause me to believe that
the Cashier’s Orders were a loan or debt to the 2nd Defendant. As far as I was
concerned and relying on the 2nd Defendant’s narratives, the Cashier’s Orders
were gifted to the 2nd Defendant by the Plaintiff.

81 I accept the first defendant’s evidence. In particular, I accept that the
first defendant did not know until 2016 at the earliest: (a) that the second
defendant had entered into an unregistered marriage with the plaintiff; (b)
that the plaintiff was the ultimate source of the two cashier’s orders; (c)
that the second defendant had conceived and was executing his six-step plan;
and (d) that executing that plan was the common intention of the second
defendant and the plaintiff.

82 I accept also that the second defendant told the first defendant that: (a)
the two cashier’s orders were to make up to the first defendant for the second
defendant’s failure to make any substantial contribution to servicing the HDB
Loan; and (b) he had borrowed the money from friends and that she should not
ask him any further questions. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

First defendant’s 16 June 2021 affidavit, at para 10.

The consequences of these findings

83 These findings have four important consequences.

84 The first consequence is that the plaintiff’s intention in handing the two
cashier’s orders to the second defendant was not vitiated or defective in any
way. She was not induced to hand the two cashier’s orders to him by a fraud
which he perpetrated on her. Plaintiff’s counsel confirmed several times that
the plaintiff makes no allegation of fraud against the second defendant.
Further, she was not induced to hand the two cashier’s orders to him by any
kind of mistake. Neither of these points form any part of the plaintiff’s
case.

85 As I have found, the second defendant was honest with the plaintiff about
his plan. The plaintiff knew all six steps of his plan. The second defendant
and the plaintiff formed a common intention to execute the plan. And she
handed the two cashier’s orders to him with that knowledge and intention. She
was labouring under no deception or mistake.

86 The second consequence is the plaintiff did not intend to make a loan of
the $205,359.80 to the second defendant. A loan entails a legal obligation on
the second defendant to repay the money to the plaintiff. On my findings,
neither the plaintiff nor the second defendant intended any such legal
obligation. When the plaintiff handed the two cashier’s orders to the second
defendant, she was induced by and relied on only her own subjective, self-
engendered expectation that the second defendant would return $205,359.80 in
some unspecified way and at some unspecified time. She did not do so induced
by, in reliance on or in exchange for his undertaking to repay $205,359.80 to
her.

87 The third consequence is that the plaintiff intended to part with her
property in the two cashier’s orders and their proceeds when she handed them
to the second defendant. I say that for two reasons. First, the third, fourth
and fifth steps of the plan (see [55] above) could be carried out only if the
plaintiff parted with her property in the two cashier’s orders and their
proceeds. Second, as I have found, the plaintiff’s evidence that she did not
intend the two cashier’s orders to be a gift to the second defendant means
only that she had a subjective, self-engendered expectation that he would
return $205,359.80 to her in some unspecified way and at some unspecified
time. Her evidence that the two cashier’s orders were not a gift does not
suggest that she intended in some way to retain property in the two cashier’s
orders or their proceeds.

88 The fourth consequence of these findings is that what the first defendant
did with the two cashier’s orders and their proceeds did not in any way
deceive the second defendant or in any way defeat the common intention of the
second defendant and the plaintiff. What the first defendant did with the two
cashier’s orders and their proceeds was exactly what the second defendant and
the plaintiff intended her to do with them: she paid them into her CPF account
and used the proceeds in part to repay the HDB Loan and secure the total
discharge of the HDB’s charge on the Flat.

89 It is true that the first defendant has not transferred her interest in the
Flat to the second defendant. Instead, she commenced divorce proceedings
against him, in the course of which she secured for herself the entire
interest in the Flat. But, on the basis of my findings at [81] to [82] above
about the second defendant’s knowledge and intention, that failure is not a
breach of any obligation by the first defendant. Nor is it unconscionable
behaviour warranting the intervention of equity. Indeed, the second defendant
does not allege that he disclosed his plan to the first defendant let alone
that he reached any agreement or even understanding with her that she would
transfer her interest in the Flat to him. That is no doubt why neither the
plaintiff nor the second defendant suggests that, by commencing the divorce
proceedings and by securing the entire interest in the Flat for herself by way
of the property division order, the first defendant has breached any legal
obligation to them, defrauded them or even acted unconscionably towards them
warranting the intervention of equity.

90 I now turn to consider each of the plaintiff’s claims against the
defendants.

Issue 1: Institutional constructive trust

91 I deal first with the plaintiff’s claim that the first defendant holds
$205,359.80 on an institutional constructive trust for the plaintiff.

Parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

92 The plaintiff rests her case on this claim on four submissions:

(a) The foundation of an institutional constructive trust lies in
unconscionability. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Plaintiff’s submissions (“PS”) at para 18.4.

The general principle which underpins when an institutional constructive trust
arises in equity is therefore a recipient of property behaving unconscionably
in relation to that property. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PS at para 18.2.

(b) The knowledge which a recipient of property must have to make her conduct
unconscionable and to give rise to an institutional constructive trust can be
knowledge acquired either before or after the recipient receives the property.
98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PS at para 18.5; Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, p 12 line 17 to p 13 line
32.

(c) In 2018 (see [25] above), in the course of her divorce proceedings against
the second defendant, the first defendant: (i) acknowledged that the two
cashier’s orders and their proceeds were the plaintiff’s property; and (ii)
confirmed her intention to return $205,359.80 in full to the plaintiff. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PS at paras 18.6 to 18.7.

(d) In 2019, the first defendant behaved unconscionably in one of two ways,
thereby constituting her a trustee of $205,359.80 for the plaintiff under an
institutional constructive trust: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PS at paras 18.7 to 18.9.

(i) the first defendant asserted in her May 2019 affidavit that she would not
return the $205,359.80 in full to the plaintiff but would instead return only
$53,653.80, thereby resiling from her earlier acknowledgments and
confirmations (see [35] above); 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PS at para 18.8; Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, pp 12 lines 17 to 27, p 17
lines 10 to 13.

(ii) Alternatively, the first defendant refused in her May 2019 affidavit to
return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff knowing full well that the plaintiff was
the source of the two cashier’s orders. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PS at 18.9.

The first defendant’s case

93 The first defendant submits that no institutional constructive trust arose
in the plaintiff’s favour for three reasons.

(a) First, the allegedly unconscionable conduct on which the plaintiff relies
does not fall into any of the categories which equity has recognised as being
capable of giving rise to an institutional constructive trust (see [104]
below). 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1DS at paras 31, 33 and 35.

(b) Second, an institutional constructive trust arises only if the recipient
of property behaves unconscionably at or before the time she receives the
property. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

1DS at para 32.

It is not the plaintiff’s case that the first defendant behaved unconscionably
when she received the two cashier’s orders from the second defendant. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

1DS at para 32.3; Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 11.

(c) Third, what the first defendant did with the two cashier’s orders was
precisely what the second defendant and the plaintiff intended the first
defendant to do with them. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

1DS at para 32.1.

94 For the reasons which follow, I accept each of the first defendant’s
submissions.

Two assumptions

95 In the analysis which follows, I make two assumptions.

96 First, I assume that equity treats the balance standing to the credit of
the first defendant in her CPF account in the same way as it would treat the
balance standing to her credit in an ordinary bank account, ie, as a debt
which the CPF Board owes her. That is not, however, the true legal
relationship between the CPF Board and its members. In law, the CPF Board
holds the credit balances in all of its members’ accounts as a single fund on
a single trust for all members (see s 6(2) of the Central Provident Fund Act
1953 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the CPF Act”)).

97 The trust on which the CPF Board holds the credit balance in a member’s
account is a sui generis trust in two fundamental respects. First, it is
established by statute, not by the voluntary act of a settlor. Second,
Parliament has heavily modified the duties of the CPF Board as trustee and the
rights of a CPF member as the cestui que trust by the provisions of the CPF
Act and the regulations made under it. But the fact remains that the CPF Board
is not the debtor of a CPF member for the credit balance in her account.

98 I consider this assumption to be immaterial to the analysis. If the
plaintiff cannot succeed if the two cashier’s orders are assumed to have
increased a debt which the CPF Board owed to the first defendant at common
law, a fortiori the plaintiff cannot succeed if the two cashier’s orders are
treated as an accretion to a single trust fund which the CPF Board holds on an
express sui generis trust for all members, including but not limited to the
first defendant, in equity.

99 The second assumption I make is that the proceeds of the two cashier’s
orders remain somehow sufficiently identifiable in the CPF Board’s hands as to
be capable of being the subject matter of any sort of trust, whether express
or implied and whether institutional or remedial. That assumption operates in
the plaintiff’s favour in two senses.

100 First, on the available evidence, only $79,642.65 out of the proceeds of
the two cashier’s orders remains even notionally identifiable in the first
defendant’s CPF account (see [21] above). The remainder of the $205,359.80
(being $125,717.15) was paid out of the first defendant’s CPF ordinary account
to the HDB to repay the HDB Loan in full. That sum is no longer capable of
being the subject matter of a trust. The plaintiff’s repeated reference to the
“traceable proceeds” of the two cashier’s orders do not assist her. That sum
was not used to acquire the Flat in 2002 but was used instead to repay the HDB
Loan in full in 2015. Plaintiff’s counsel confirmed that she does not rely on
backwards tracing. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, p 22 lines 9 to 26.

101 Second, even the $79,642.65 which remains in the first defendant’s CPF
account is only notionally identifiable in that account. It is in fact held by
the CPF Board together with the credit balances of all other CPF members
commingled in a single fund on trust for all CPF members. It is not held as a
discrete or identifiable chose in action vested in the first defendant and
enforceable at her instance against the CPF Board.

102 With those two assumptions in mind, I now set out my reasons for accepting
the first defendant’s three submissions at [93] above.

No unconscionability in any recognised sense

The plaintiff’s foundational proposition is misconceived

103 The plaintiff’s foundational proposition is that an institutional
constructive trust arises whenever a recipient of property (T) behaves
unconscionably in relation to that property as against the beneficiary (B).
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PS at paras 18.2.

As authority for this proposition, the plaintiff relies on the dictum of
Millett LJ (as he then was) in Paragon Finance plc v DB Thakerar & Co [1999] 1
All ER 400, cited in Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR
1097 (“Guy Neale (CA)”) at [124]–[125]:

A constructive trust arises by operation of law whenever the circumstances are
such that it would be unconscionable for the owner of property (usually but
not necessarily the legal estate) to assert his own beneficial interest in the
property and deny the beneficial interest of another.

104 The plaintiff’s foundational proposition is fundamentally misconceived. A
constructive trust is not equity’s response to conduct by T which is
unconscionable only in the general sense of being conduct which is either not
right or reasonable or which is contrary to good conscience. Unconscionability
in that general sense is a necessary but not a sufficient condition for a
constructive rust to arise. The Court of Appeal made that clear in Guy Neale
(CA) (at [124]) by framing Millett LJ’s dictum as merely a general definition
of an institutional constructive trust rather than a comprehensive definition.
It is significant that the Court of Appeal went on to situate the facts of Guy
Neale (CA) within one of the specific categories and circumstances in which an
institutional constructive trust arises, ie, a person making a profit in
breach of his fiduciary duty (at [126]).

105 In my view, T holds her rights in property on constructive trust for B if,
and only if, a set of circumstances have transpired in relation to those
rights which equity recognises by accretion of judicial decision are
sufficient to render it unconscionable for T to exercise those rights as she
sees fit, disregarding B. Equity responds to the unconscionability by
burdening T’s rights in the property with a set of equitable duties to B. This
set of duties includes, at the very least, the core duties of a fiduciary, ie,
the duty not to make a profit out of his fiduciary position and duty not to
put himself in a position where his own interests and his duty to his
principal are in conflict (Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals
and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Ho Yew Kong”) at [135]).

106 The reciprocal of this set of equitable duties is a set of reflected
equitable rights vested in B. This set of rights is persistent in the sense
that it is capable in equity of following T’s rights in the property as she
transfers those rights to third parties. As a result, lawyers and judges are
accustomed to thinking of B’s rights under an institutional constructive trust
as being proprietary rights against a particular asset enforceable against the
world at large. That serves as a useful model for most practical purposes,
although it is not entirely accurate conceptually. The more accurate
conceptual model is to think of B’s equitable rights as personal rights which
burden T’s rights in the property in a manner which is capable in equity of
surviving T’s transfer of those rights to a third party.

107 The specific categories of unconscionability which equity recognises as
being capable of giving rise to an institutional constructive trust were
helpfully enumerated in Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence
(administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased) [2011] SGHC 184 (at
[53], cited with approval in Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd
[2013] SGHC 249 at [141]):

(a) fraud;

(b) the retention of property acquired as a result of a crime causing death;

(c) a profit in breach of a fiduciary duty;

(d) the retention of property by a vendor after the vendor had entered into a
specifically enforceable contract to sell the property;

(e) the changing of a will by the survivor of two persons who had entered into
a contract to execute wills in a common form;

(f) the acquisition of land expressly subject to the interests of a third
party;

(g) the assertion of full entitlement to property after a common intention to
share property had been formed (also known as a “common intention constructive
trust”).

108 This list of categories is not of course closed. And each category in this
list is not of course so rigid as to be incapable of development. But there is
a very strong policy imperative, both at common law and in equity, for rights
in property to be stable and for the law to allocate and alter those rights
only in a manner which is transparent, consistent and predictable. Equity
therefore develops each category within this list incrementally, by analogy to
existing cases within the category. Equally, it adds categories to this list
incrementally, by analogy to the existing categories. And this development and
addition is done in the usual way: by accretion of judicial decision. Equity
does not develop or add to these categories in an unprincipled and ad hoc way,
turning on a particular judge’s subjective opinion in a particular case as to
whether T has engaged in conduct which is or is not unconscionable in some
general sense of the word.

109 Two consequences follow from this conception of an institutional
constructive trust.

110 First, an institutional constructive trust arises in real time, without
any need for B to have resort to a court of equity. Thus, T will hold her
rights in particular property on institutional constructive trust for B by
reason of and upon the requirements of that specific category of
unconscionability being satisfied. An institutional constructive trust is not
imposed by the court, ie, it is not created by judicial decree following
litigation (as opposed to a remedial constructive trust). The court’s function
is merely to declare that an institutional constructive trust arose at a
specific time in the past: Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington
London Borough Council [1996] AC 669 (“Westdeutsche") at 714–715, cited in
Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho
Chit [2001] 1 SLR(R) 856 (“Ching Mun Fong”) at [35].

111 Second, an institutional constructive trust arises independently of any
intention on B’s or T’s part to create a trust or to constitute T a fiduciary
for B. That is so whether the intention is approached from the perspective of:
(a) a bilateral or unilateral intention held subjectively by T and B ex ante;
(b) an intention which the court can ascertain objectively from T’s and B’s
conduct; and even (c) an intention which the court is prepared to impute to T
or B ex post facto. Their intention is relevant only in so far as it goes
towards establishing the specific head of unconscionability at [107(g)] above,
ie, what is commonly referred to as the common intention constructive trust.

The first defendant’s conduct is not within any recognised category of
unconscionability

112 The plaintiff’s case is that an institutional constructive trust arose in
her favour only in May 2019, when the first defendant filed her affidavit in
the variation proceedings, and at no other time. That is when the first
defendant either: (a) unconscionably claimed to be entitled to return only
$53,653.80 to the plaintiff after having earlier indicated her intention to
return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff in full; or (b) unconscionably refused to
return $205,359.80 in full to the plaintiff despite knowing that the plaintiff
was the source of the two cashier’s orders.

113 That necessarily means that it is not the plaintiff’s case that the first
defendant behaved unconscionably on any occasion before May 2019. In
particular, it is not her case that the first defendant behaved
unconscionably: (a) in February and March 2015, when she received the two
cashier’s orders; 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, pp 4 line 33 to p 5 line 1 and lines 17–20.

(b) in February and September 2015 when she paid the two cashier’s orders into
her CPF account; 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1DS at para 39.

(c) in September 2015, when she used the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders
to repay the HDB Loan in full and secure the discharge of the HDB’s charge;
(d) in 2017, when she commenced divorce proceedings against the second
defendant; (e) in December 2018, when she secured a property division order
which made no provision for her to return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff; (f) at
any time after learning that the plaintiff was the source of the two cashier’s
orders and before May 2019, merely by failing (as opposed to refusing) to
return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff; (g) at any time, by failing to transfer
her interest in the Flat to the second defendant.

114 In any event, the first defendant’s conduct at any point in time cannot
conceivably fall within categories (b), (d) or (e) at [107] above. It does not
require any analysis to come to that conclusion. That leaves only categories
(a), (c), (f) and (g) which require further analysis.

115 Category (a) simply cannot apply. A transfer of property procured by fraud
gives rise to an institutional constructive trust as against the fraudulent
transferee: Westdeutsche at 716; Snell’s Equity (John McGhee & Steven Elliott
eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2020) (“Snell’s Equity”) at paras 26-011 and
26-013. But, as I have mentioned, the plaintiff disavows any allegation of
fraud as against the second defendant. The position must be a fortiori as
against the first defendant. There is no suggestion of any direct dealing
between the plaintiff and the first defendant at the time the second defendant
handed the two cashier’s orders to the first defendant in 2015.

116 In any event, on the plaintiff’s own case, the time to assess whether the
first defendant’s intent was fraudulent is May 2019 (see [112] above). The
first defendant made no fraudulent statement to the plaintiff in May 2019.
Even if I go beyond the plaintiff’s case and assume that the first defendant
was fraudulent before May 2019 (ie in April 2018) in falsely acknowledging and
confirming her intention to return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff in full, there
is still no fraud. The elements of inducement, reliance and detriment are all
absent. The first defendant did not induce the plaintiff to do anything to her
own detriment at any time.

117 Category (c) simply cannot apply. This category requires a fiduciary
relationship between T and B which pre-dates and is independent of the
institutional constructive trust which is now said to have arisen. The
plaintiff does not allege that the first defendant owed fiduciary duties to
her before May 2019 or in some way independently of the first defendant’s
conduct in May 2019.

118 Category (f) simply cannot apply. The first defendant did not acquire any
interest in land which was subject to the plaintiff’s interests. The only
interest in land which the first defendant acquired arose upon, and by
termination of, the HDB’s charge on the Flat, leaving the Flat unencumbered.
Neither the Flat nor the charge was at any time subject to any interest of the
plaintiff. The Flat was owned at all times only by the first defendant and the
second defendant, both at law and in equity.

119 Category (g) requires the following conditions to be satisfied: (a) that T
and B share a common intention that the beneficial interest in a property is
to be shared; and (b) B relies to his detriment on this common intention (see
Lai Hoon Woon (executor and trustee of the estate of Lai Thai Lok, deceased) v
Lai Foong Sin and another [2016] SGHC 113 at [141]; Sumoi Paramesvaeri v
Fleury, Jeffrey Gerard and another [2016] 5 SLR 302 (“Sumoi”) at [62]). The
common intention in (a) may be express or inferred (Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong
Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at [160(b)] and [160(f)]). If these conditions are
satisfied, equity will not permit T to exercise her rights in the property in
a manner which is inconsistent with T’s and B’s common intention. The
plaintiff does not allege that there was any common intention as between her
and the first defendant. The plaintiff did not at any time act in reliance on
any common intention as between her and the first defendant. The plaintiff
relied only on (as I have found) her faith in the second defendant as her de
facto husband. There being no common intention, the issue of detriment does
not even arise.

120 The first defendant’s conduct at any time, including in May 2019, does not
come within any of the categories of unconscionability which equity has
recognised by accretion of judicial decision as giving rise to an
institutional constructive trust. Further, none of these categories can be
developed incrementally or by analogy to encompass the first defendant’s
conduct in a way which is consistent with the policy imperative for rights in
property to be stable and for the law to allocate and alter those rights only
in a manner which is transparent, consistent and predictable.

121 I therefore hold that the first defendant did not become an institutional
constructive trustee for the plaintiff as the plaintiff alleges or at all.

No unconscionability in the general sense

122 In case I am wrong in this, I find also that the first defendant did not
behave in any way which was unconscionable in the general sense.

No unconscionability in resiling from statements

123 The plaintiff’s case on her first ground of unconscionability in the
general sense proceeds as follows. On five occasions the first defendant made
statements expressly: (a) acknowledging that the two cashier’s orders were the
plaintiff’s property; (b) confirming either that she was not entitled to
retain $205,359.80 out of the net proceeds of sale or that she was obliged to
return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff out of the net proceeds of sale. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

First defendant’s affidavit in Reply in Syariah Court Summons No 52062/VO/01
dated 28 May 2019 at para 16 (in the plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit at
p 57).

(a) First, when the first defendant commenced the divorce proceedings, she
filed a Case Statement in the Syariah Court under r 9(3) of the Muslim
Marriage and Divorce Rules (2001 Rev Ed). In the Case Statement, she proposed
that the Flat be sold and that second defendant be “refunded” $205,359.80 out
of the net proceeds of sale. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Second defendant’s 9 July 2021 affidavit, at p 10; PS, at para 11.

The plaintiff and the second defendant rely on this as an admission by the
first defendant that she was not entitled to retain $205,359.80 out of the net
proceeds of sale and was obliged to return it, albeit to the second defendant
instead of to the plaintiff.

(b) Second, the first defendant asked the plaintiff directly in 2017 if she
had given the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 27.

The plaintiff confirmed that she had. The plaintiff’s case is that the first
defendant then told the plaintiff that the first defendant intended to return
$205,359.80 to the plaintiff, albeit without specifying the manner or time it
would be returned. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 27.

The first defendant’s account is consistent with this but adds that the first
defendant also told the plaintiff that, before returning the money, she would
deduct certain sums which she claimed that the second defendant owed to her.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

First defendant’s 16 June 2021 affidavit, at paras 14 and 23.

(c) Third, in April 2018, at the first hearing in the divorce proceedings, the
first defendant volunteered to the Syariah Court that the money she had used
to discharge the HDB’s charge on the Flat had in fact come from the plaintiff.
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, p 51 para 5.2; p 56, para 15; First
defendant’s 16 June 2021 affidavit, at paras 16 and 17; Second defendant’s 9
July 2021 affidavit at p 15 para 21(ii).

(d) Fourth, in May 2019, after the plaintiff had secured leave to intervene in
the divorce proceedings by consent, the first defendant filed an affidavit
opposing the second defendant’s variation application. In that affidavit, the
first defendant acknowledged that the $205,359.80 did not belong to the first
defendant and confirmed her intention to return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff:
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at pp 56 to 57, paras 15 to 17; p 59
para 24.

THE INTERVENER’S CONTRIBUTION

15\. At the outset, I wish to reiterate that it was me, and not [the second
defendant], who had informed [the Syariah Court] of the Intervener’s
contributions towards the … Flat.

16\. I state that I had done so because I genuinely wanted to return the money
[the Intervener] had paid towards the Flat and I did not wish to retain monies
that do not rightfully belong to me.

17\. However, given the Intervener’s failure to file an intervener’s
application in a timely manner during the divorce proceedings, my solicitors
had … asked for the [Syariah Court] to proceed on the basis that there are no
third party contributions to the … Flat. As the Intervener and I are
colleagues, I had initially intended to return her money privately and without
the need for an Order of Court requiring me to do so after the sale of the …
Flat.

(e) Fifth, in August 2019, at the hearing of the second defendant’s
application to vary the property division order, first defendant’s counsel
argued that she would not be unjustly enriched if the order were not varied in
the plaintiff’s favour because the first defendant intended to pay the
plaintiff $205,359.80 voluntarily out of the net proceeds of sale: 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Second defendant’s 9 July 2021 affidavit, p 18E.

On the unjust enrichment alleged, the Plaintiff intends to return the money to
[the Intervener]. At the OS stage, it wasn’t ordered to be returned to her
because she was not a party to the proceedings. But this hasn’t been done yet
as flat has not been sold.

124 Despite making these express statements, including in the first
defendant’s May 2019 affidavit, she claimed in that very same affidavit to be
entitled to set off substantial sums against the $205,359.80 (see [123(b)]
above) leaving only $53,653.80 to be returned to the plaintiff. This, the
plaintiff submits, is unconscionable in the general sense and constitutes the
first defendant an institutional constructive trustee of $205,359.80 for the
plaintiff.

125 I do not accept that the first defendant behaved unconscionably in taking
the position that she did in May 2019. I say that for three reasons.

126 First, the plaintiff does not allege that any of statements on any of
these five occasions was made fraudulently. The plaintiff therefore accepts
that each statement was made honestly in the sense that the statement
reflected accurately the first defendant’s true intention at the time she made
the statement.

127 Second, none of these statements rises to the level of a promise to the
plaintiff. A promise is a bilateral statement of intention as to future
conduct expressed by a promisor to a promisee: see The Law of Contract in
Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at paras
03.021 and 04.001. None of these statements satisfies that test. None of them
is: (a) an express or implied representation that the first defendant’s
intention would never change; or (b) an express or implied undertaking to
carry out that intention in the future. It cannot be unconscionable in a
general sense, and thereby give rise to an institutional constructive trust,
for T to act contrary to a statement of intent which was not made
fraudulently, and which does not rise to the level of a promise. To hold
otherwise would subvert the entire fabric of the law of obligations.

128 Third, the result is the same even if I take the plaintiff’s case at its
highest and construe these statements as the first defendant’s irrevocable and
unqualified promises to return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff in full. First of
all, the plaintiff did not in any way rely on these presumed promises to her
detriment. The only detriment which the plaintiff ever suffered was suffered
in 2015, when she handed the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant. In
suffering that detriment, as I have found, she was induced by and relied only
on her faith in the second defendant as her de facto husband. The plaintiff
could not, in 2015, have relied to her detriment in any way on these presumed
promises made in 2019. Nor did the plaintiff give any consideration in 2019
for these presumed promises. A breach of a promise made by T which is
unsupported by consideration, or at the very least which does not induce
detrimental reliance, cannot be sufficient unconscionability to constitute T a
constructive trustee for B. Once again, to hold otherwise would subvert the
entire fabric of the law of obligations.

129 Separately, the first defendant’s breach in May 2019 of a promise to
return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff cannot give rise to a constructive trust.
The plaintiff handed the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant in 2015.
He handed them to the first defendant in 2015. She deposited them into her CPF
account in accordance with the common intention of the second defendant and
the plaintiff. There is no unconscionability in the general sense in the first
defendant claiming to be entitled to return only $53,653.80 in May 2019 even
if I assume that she promised to return $205,359.80 in full to the plaintiff
at some time before that.

No unconscionability after the first defendant learned the truth

130 The alternative way in which the plaintiff puts her case on
unconscionability is that the first defendant acted unconscionably when she
insisted in May 2019 on retaining $205,359.80, even in part, with knowledge
that the plaintiff was the source of the two cashier’s orders. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PS at 18.9.

131 The plaintiff relies on the case of Chase Manhattan Bank NA v Israel-
British Bank (London) Ltd [1981] 1 Ch 105 (“Chase Manhattan") as authority for
the proposition that equity will impose a constructive trust where: (a)
property is transferred absent a mistake by the transferor or fraud by the
transferee; and (b) the transferee later makes a gratuitous promise to return
said property but reneges. The plaintiff’s submission is entirely
misconceived. In my judgment, Chase Manhattan (assuming it is good law, a
point which I explore later), stands for the more limited proposition that if
B transfers property to T under a factual mistake and T knows of the mistake
but retains the property, T will be a constructive trustee of the property for
B: see Lynton Tucker, Nicholas Le Poidevin & James Brightwell, Lewin on Trusts
(Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2020) (“Lewin”) at para 8-028.

132 In Chase Manhattan, B made a duplicate payment to T by mistake. T became
aware of or ought to have become aware of the mistake but took no steps to
return the duplicate payment to B (at 115). T then went into insolvent
liquidation. B brought an action against T seeking to trace and recover the
duplicate payment. On these facts, Goulding J held that T was a constructive
trustee of the duplicate payment for B on the basis that “a person who pays
money to another under a factual mistake retains an equitable property in it
and the conscience of that other is subjected to a fiduciary duty to respect
his proprietary right” (at 119).

133 Chase Manhattan does not support the plaintiff’s case for two reasons.

134 First, the plaintiff did not make any payment to the first defendant. She
handed the cashier’s orders to the second defendant. In that sense, she made a
payment to the second defendant and only to the second defendant. It was the
second defendant who made the payment to the first defendant. It cannot be
said that the second defendant was acting as the plaintiff’s agent in
procuring the two cashier’s orders and handing them to the first defendant. It
was the second defendant who conceived the entire plan which has led to this
dispute. He was at all times acting as principal, not agent.

135 Second, even if I were to treat the second defendant as being merely the
plaintiff’s agent, the fact remains that the plaintiff was not labouring under
any mistake when she handed the cashier’s orders to the second defendant.
Whether B is labouring under a mistake must be determined by reference to B’s
state of mind and the state of facts or the law at the time at which B made
the transfer (see also Tang Hang Wu, Principles of the Law of Restitution in
Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2019) (“Law of Restitution in Singapore”) at
para 04.011). Lord Hope made this very point in Kleinwort Benson Ltd v Lincoln
City Council [1999] 2 AC 349 at 409:

The approach of the common law is to look for an unjust factor, something
which makes it unjust to allow the payee to retain the benefit: Birks, An
Introduction to the Law of Restitution, 2nd ed. (1989), pp. 140 et seq. It is
the mistake by the payer which, as in the case of failure of consideration and
compulsion, renders the enrichment of the payee unjust. …

… one must have in mind both the state of mind of the payer and the state of
the facts or the law about which there is said to have been a mistake. The
state of mind of the payer must be related to the time when the payment was
made. So also must the state of the facts or the law. That is the time as at
which it must be determined whether the payment was or was not legally
justified. …

The inquiry will not be a difficult one, where the mistake is said to have
been one of fact, if the facts have not changed since the date of the payment
and the payer is able to show that he paid due to a misunderstanding of them,
to incorrect information or to ignorance. In such a case the requirements for
recovery will normally be satisfied. Nor is it difficult to deal with the case
where the facts have changed. In such a case proof that the alleged state of
the facts at the time did not emerge until afterwards will usually be
sufficient to show that there was, at the time of payment, no mistake. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Although Lord Hope made these remarks in analysing mistake as an unjust factor
in the law of unjust enrichment, this must also be the basis for analysing
mistake for the purpose of establishing a constructive trust. If unjust
enrichment does not afford B a personal remedy for a mistake, it would be
surprising if equity were to provide B a proprietary remedy for the very same
mistake.

136 I have found that the plaintiff knew the second defendant’s plan when she
handed the two cashier’s orders to him. And the second defendant acted
entirely in accordance with that plan in handing the two cashier’s orders to
the first defendant. And the first defendant acted entirely in accordance with
that plan by depositing the two cashier’s orders into her CPF account and by
using part of the proceeds to repay the HDB Loan in full. What motivated the
plaintiff to hand the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant was her
faith in the second defendant, that he would do the right thing and return
$205,359.80 to her by some unspecified means and at some unspecified time in
the future.

137 Chase Manhattan does not support the plaintiff’s submission that the first
defendant holds $205,359.80 for her as an institutional constructive trustee,
because she behaved unconscionably after learning that the plaintiff was the
true source of the two cashier’s orders.

No admission

138 Finally, I do not accept that any of the statements made by the first
defendant and which I have summarised above amounts to an admission that
either: (a) the two cashier’s orders and their proceeds were not the first
defendant’s property when she received and used them in 2015; or (b) the two
cashier’s orders or their proceeds (or indeed, their traceable proceeds) were
the plaintiff’s property in 2018 or today.

139 The proprietary consequences of the second defendant’s plan are all
questions of law. No “admission” on this question of law by either party
carries any weight in the purely legal analysis which is necessary to
determine these questions of law.

Conclusion

140 For all of these reasons, I reject the plaintiff’s submission that the
first defendant holds $205,359.80, or any part of it, on an institutional
constructive trust for the plaintiff. This claim is dismissed.

Issue 2: Remedial constructive trust

141 A remedial constructive trust arises “where the court imposes a
constructive trust de novo on assets which are not subject to any pre-existing
trust as a means of granting equitable relief in a case where it considers
just that restitution should be made”: per Slade LJ in Metall und Rohstoff AG
v Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Inc [1990] 1 QB 391 at 478, cited in Ching Mun
Fong at [34].

142 The plaintiff asks me to impose a remedial constructive trust on both
defendants. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, p 18 lines 17 to 23.

Her submission is that the imposition of a remedial constructive trust is
warranted as a response to conduct which is unconscionable in some general
sense. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Notes of Argument, 11 August 2021, p 17 lines 25 to 33.

Specifically, the plaintiff points to the first defendant’s “retention [of] or
refusal to return” 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PS at para 19.2.

$205,359.80 to the plaintiff: (a) despite having indicated on several
occasions her intention to pay $205,359.80 in full to the plaintiff; and (b)
despite discovering that the plaintiff was the ultimate source of the two
cashier’s orders. In support of this argument, the plaintiff relies on
National Bank of Oman SAOG Dubai Branch v Bikash Dhamala and others [2020]
SGHC 199 (“National Bank of Oman”) and Ching Mun Fong. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PS at paras 19.3 to 19.5.

143 In response, the first defendant submits that no remedial constructive
trust should be imposed because her conscience is unaffected in all the
circumstances. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

1DS at para 38.

To support that submission, the first defendant argues that: 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

1DS at paras 38 to 43; Notes Argument, 16 September 2021, p 11.

(a) The plaintiff does not allege any dishonest receipt or unconscionability
by the first defendant at the time the second defendant handed $205,359.80 to
her. The first defendant’s case is that the second defendant informed her at
that time that the $205,359.80 was his contribution towards his share of the
loan repayments for the Flat, to which he had made virtually no contributions
up to that point.

(b) The plaintiff does not allege that the first defendant knew, when she
received the two cashier’s orders, either: (i) that the plaintiff was the
ultimate source of the funds; or (ii) the private arrangements or
representations between the plaintiff and the second defendant.

(c) There is no longer an identifiable fund on which a remedial constructive
trust may operate. By procuring the two cashier’s orders to be drawn in favour
of the CPF Board, the plaintiff acknowledged that she anticipated their
proceeds were going to be mixed with money already in the first defendant’s
CPF account. The plaintiff never intended for the $205,359.80 to be kept
distinct.

144 I accept the first defendant’s submissions.

145 The power to impose a remedial constructive trust is one said to be vested
in the court to award a constructive trust as a judicial remedy for a civil
wrong, long after the wrong was committed and as relief in legal proceedings
relating to the wrong. But I have reservations about whether the remedial
constructive trust forms part of Singapore law (see also Sumoi at [61]) or
should form part of Singapore law (see Snells’ Equity at para 26-015). The
remedial constructive trust allows the court to create and destroy property
rights by decree. That undermines the policy imperative for rights in property
to be stable and for the law to allocate and alter those rights only in a
manner which is transparent, consistent and predictable: see National
Provincial Bank Ltd v Ainsworth [1965] AC 1175 at 1247–1248. Once a system of
law recognises a power to impose a remedial constructive trust – at least, if
the remedial constructive trust is not kept within very strict constraints –
it has the capacity to subvert this policy imperative.

146 I am conscious that the Court of Appeal in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann
Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another
[2013] 3 SLR 801 (“Anna Wee”) (at [182]) accepted, albeit obiter, that the
power to impose a remedial constructive trust is part of Singapore law and
constrained it by saying that it “is not simply a response to some broad
notion of unconscionability”. Thus, the Court of Appeal said that a remedial
constructive trust cannot be imposed unless there is “unconscientiousness or
unconscionability (as the conclusion of a process of legal reasoning in the
main claim) affecting the knowledge of the recipient of the assets in
question” (at [182]).

147 But it is the difficulty in determining when the necessary degree of
unconscientiousness or unconscionability arises that carries the greatest risk
to the stability of property rights. Indeed, Lord Neuberger, speaking extra-
judicially, went so far as to say that the remedial constructive trust was one
“discretion too many in a Chancery judge’s locker”: Lord Neuberger, “The
Remedial Constructive Trust – Fact or Fiction” (Banking Services and Finance
Law Association Conference, Queenstown, August 2014). In a similar vein, Lord
Sumption in Bailey and another v Angove's PTY Ltd [2016] UKSC 47 (“Bailey”)
said at [27] that (see also Lewin at para 8-026):

English law is generally averse to the discretionary adjustment of property
rights, and has not recognised the remedial constructive trust favoured in
some other jurisdictions, notably the United States and Canada. It has
recognised only the institutional constructive trust: Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council [1996] AC 669, 714-715 (Lord
Browne-Wilkinson), FHR European Ventures LLP v Cedar Capital Partners LLC
[2015] AC 250, at para 47.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

148 It is true, of course, that the Court of Appeal in Anna Wee said that the
remedial constructive trust must be developed incrementally (at [175] and
[182]). And therefore, the remedial constructive trust could be said to create
little more risk of instability in property rights than the institutional
constructive trust itself. And the institutional constructive trust is
remedial in the sense that it is an equitable remedy, and therefore can be
withheld in the discretion of the court in favour of a purely personal remedy.
But it remains true that a power to create or extinguish property rights as a
judicial act is conceptually different from a power to recognise their
existence as a historical fact.

149 In any event, for present purposes, I assume in the plaintiff’s favour
that the remedial constructive trust forms part of Singapore law. Even on that
assumption, I would not be prepared to impose a remedial constructive trust on
any property of the first defendant in favour of the plaintiff.

150 This is because as the name suggests, a remedial constructive trust is a
remedy and not a cause of action. To secure a remedial constructive trust, it
is not sufficient for a plaintiff to show merely that a defendant has behaved
unconscionably or that a defendant’s conscience is affected by her conduct in
a past transfer of property. The plaintiff must first establish a cause of
action against a defendant, ie, a confluence of facts recognised by law as
capable of yielding a remedy. Only then can the court even begin to consider
whether a remedial constructive trust is the appropriate remedy to award the
plaintiff on the facts of a particular case.

151 In this regard, the Court of Appeal in Ching Mun Fong (at [36])
characterised a remedial constructive trust as a “restitutionary remedy which
the court, in appropriate circumstances, gives by way of equitable relief”
[emphasis added]. In a similar vein, in Anna Wee, the appellant brought a
claim against the second respondent in restitution and unjust enrichment and
sought the remedy of a remedial constructive trust for both causes of action
(at [22]). Thus, the Court of Appeal described the availability of a remedial
constructive trust as “parasitic” on the success of the appellant’s unjust
enrichment claim (at [169]). To be clear, the Court of Appeal did not hold in
that case that a remedial constructive trust was available as a remedy for
unjust enrichment. On the contrary, the Court of Appeal said it would be
hesitant to recognise the remedial constructive trust as a remedy for a claim
in unjust enrichment because its availability depends on fault, whereas
liability in unjust enrichment is strict and not fault-based: Anna Wee at
[182].

152 In my judgment, the plaintiff has failed to establish any cause of action
against the first defendant. Even assuming in the plaintiff’s favour that para
16 of the first defendant’s May 2019 affidavit (see [123(d)] above) amounts to
the first defendant’s promise to the plaintiff to return $205,359.80 in full
to the plaintiff, reneging on that promise does not establish a cause of
action or even amount to an estoppel. At law, it is a gratuitous promise and
is therefore unenforceable as a contract. In equity, it is incapable of
amounting to a declaration of trust. And, even if it were possible for an
estoppel to found a cause of action, it is not the plaintiff’s case that she
relied on that promise in any way to her own detriment. The plaintiff suffered
her detriment in 2015, not 2019. There being no cause of action against the
first defendant (see also my conclusion on unjust enrichment at [183]-[190]
below), there is no basis on which to award the plaintiff any remedy against
the first defendant, let alone a remedial constructive trust.

153 Further, even if the plaintiff did have a cause of action against the
first defendant, I would hold that merely resiling in 2021 from a gratuitous
promise which the first defendant made in 2019 does not taint the first
defendant’s conscience to an extent that warrants imposing a remedial
constructive trust.

154 As against the second defendant, I explain below why he is personally
liable to restore $205,359.80 to the plaintiff in unjust enrichment. Is a
remedial constructive trust available as a remedy for the plaintiff’s
successful claim in unjust enrichment against the second defendant? As I have
outlined at [151] above, the Court of Appeal expressed reservations in general
as to whether the remedial constructive trust is available as a remedy for a
claim in unjust enrichment. But even if the remedial constructive trust were
an available remedy for unjust enrichment, I would decline to impose one on
the second defendant.

155 That is because the second defendant no longer has any economic interest
in the Flat whatsoever. That is the result of the Appeal Board’s order. The
second defendant has no economic interest in the Flat even if he continues, in
some formal or notional sense, to have proprietary rights in the flat until
they are extinguished by implementing the Appeal Board’s order. The result is
that awarding the plaintiff a remedial constructive trust would prejudice the
first defendant’s ultimate economic interests, even if the trust is confined
to any notional share which the second defendant continues to own in the Flat.
As the authors in Lewin say at para 8-025:

… Almost as important as the discretion to impose a remedial constructive
trust on property at the discretion of the court, is the discretion not to do
so where in the circumstances of the case the imposition of a constructive
trust would in the view of the court cause injustice, for instance because of
the effect on third parties. Lord Browne-Wilkinson, referring to this purely
remedial trust, said:

‘Although the resulting trust is an unsuitable basis for developing
proprietary restitutionary remedies, the remedial constructive trust, if
introduced into English law, may provide a more satisfactory road forward. The
court by way of remedy might impose a constructive trust on a defendant who
knowingly retains property of which the plaintiff has been unjustly deprived.
Since the remedy can be tailored to the circumstances of the particular case,
innocent third parties would not be prejudiced and restitutionary defences,
such as change of position, are capable of being given effect. However,
whether English law should follow the United States and Canada by adopting the
remedial constructive trust will have to be decided in some future case when
the point is directly in issue.’

[emphasis added in bold italics]

156 Also cited in Lewin (at para 8-025) is Grimaldi v Chameleon Mining NL (ACN
098 773 785) (No 2) and another (2012) 287 ALR 22, wherein Finn, Stone and
Perram JJ state at [583] that:

… As is well accepted, a constructive trust ought not to be imposed if there
are other orders capable of doing full justice: see John Alexander’s Clubsat
[128] and the cases there footnoted. Such could be the case, for example,
where a bribed fiduciary, having profitably invested the bribe, is then
bankrupted and, apart from the investment, is hopelessly insolvent. In such a
case a lien on that property may well be sufficient to achieve ‘practical
justice’ in the circumstances. This said, a constructive trust is likely to be
awarded as of course where the bribe still exists in its original, or in a
traceable, form, and no third party issue arises.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

157 For all of these reasons, I decline to award the plaintiff a remedial
constructive trust as against either defendant.

Issue 3: Resulting trust

158 The plaintiff cites Westdeutsche and Vandervell v Inland Revenue
Commissioners [1967] 2 AC 291 for the proposition that a resulting trust
arises if B transfers property to T with no intention to benefit T. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PS at paras 21.8 to 21.10.

Her case is that she handed the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant
gratuitously, with no intention that the two cashier’s orders or their
proceeds would benefit either of the defendants. She stresses that, at all
times, she expected the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders to be returned to
her in some way. Accordingly, the plaintiff argues that a presumed resulting
trust arises. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Plaintiff’s supplemental submissions (“PSS”) at paras 3.6 and 3.10.

159 The plaintiff goes on to submit that there is no presumption of
advancement in favour of the second defendant to rebut the presumed resulting
trust. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PSS at paras 3.11 to 3.13.

She also argues that she did not intend the two cashier’s orders as a loan to
the defendants. In this regard, the plaintiff cites Yong Ching See v Lee Kah
Choo Karen [2008] 3 SLR(R) 957 (“Yong Ching See”). There, B was found not to
have made a loan to T even though B had signed a statement indicating that the
monies were “a friendly loan” (see [56]–[60]). 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PSS at para 3.7.

The plaintiff contrasts Yong Ching See with Re Sharpe [1980] 1 WLR 219 (“Re
Sharpe”), in which a promissory note was held to have expressly provided for
the moneys to be repayable and was thus in the nature of a loan, not a gift.
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PSS at para 3.8.

160 The first defendant’s submissions in response were unhelpful. They do not
address the key issues. It is therefore unnecessary and unhelpful to summarise
her submissions.

161 The grounds on which a resulting trust may arise are summarised by Aedit
Abdullah J in Moh Tai Siang v Moh Tai Tong and another [2018] SGHC 280 (“Moh
Tai Siang”) at [71]–[72]:

71 There are generally two ways in which a resulting trust is presumed to
arise. The first is where there has been no exhaustion or transfer of the
beneficial interest because of some failure or omission (typically, in cases
where the express trust fails), and the second is where there has been unequal
contribution towards the acquisition of property or the transfer of property
as a gift: Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R)
108 (‘Lau Siew Kim’) at [34]. Pausing here, the term ‘presumed’ here is used
in a broad sense to denote a trust that arises by operation of law as a
response to a set of presumed factual incidents, and not in the distinction
between presumed and automatic resulting trusts.

72 A resulting trust may also arise independent of the presumption of
resulting trust so long as it can be shown that the transfer was not intended
to benefit the recipient. In the same vein, a resulting trust may not
necessarily arise even if there were no consideration, if it can be shown that
the transfer was indeed intended to benefit the recipient: Lau Siew Kim at
[35]; Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (‘Chan Yuen Lan’) at
[43]. While the doctrinal basis of the resulting trust has not been fully
settled, there appears to be agreement coalescing around the idea that a
resulting trust arises from a lack of intention to benefit the recipient of
the property: Chan Yuen Lan at [44]–[48].

[emphasis added in bold italics]

162 I will assume in the plaintiff’s favour that the presumption of a
resulting trust did arise when the plaintiff handed the two cashier’s orders
to the second defendant in 2015. I therefore consider whether the presumption
was rebutted.

163 The presumption of advancement does not rebut the presumed resulting
trust. As the law stands, the presumption of advancement only operates against
a husband and in favour of the wife: see Lau Siew Kim at [70]. It cannot
operate against a wife in favour of a husband. In any event, the second
defendant and the plaintiff were not husband and wife in 2015 (see [7]–[8]
above). There is therefore no presumption that the plaintiff intended to make
a gift of the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant.

164 As I have found, the plaintiff knew the second defendant’s plan when she
handed the two cashier’s orders to him. To carry out that plan, it was
necessary that she part with her entire interest in the two cashier’s orders
and their proceeds. Even if, as between de facto husband and wife, the
plaintiff had an expectation that he would later allow her to acquire an
interest in the Flat for no additional consideration, as the first defendant’s
counsel put it, the plaintiff took the risk that that her expectation would be
defeated. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 12.

Her intention to hand the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant for him
to carry out his plan rebuts the presumption of a resulting trust.

165 In my view, Yong Ching See, in which B was found not to have intended a
loan, is distinguishable. The plaintiff’s evidence in the present case is that
she parted with the two cashier’s orders and their proceeds in the expectation
that the second defendant would use the money to carry out their common
intention and return the money to her in some unspecified way and at some
unspecified time in the future. But the common intention of the second
defendant and the plaintiff entailed the second defendant becoming the sole
legal and beneficial owner of the Flat. Before the plaintiff handed the two
cashier’s orders to the second defendant, the second defendant and the first
defendant held the Flat as joint tenants in law. The plaintiff consistently
maintained that the second defendant wanted the $205,359.80 to “buy over the
Flat” and to “purchase [the first defendant’s] interest in the Flat”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 17 to 19; Plaintiff’s reply
affidavit dated 6 July 2021 (“Plaintiff’s 6 July AIR”) at paras 5.3, 6.1.1,
6.1.2.

In fact, in oral submissions, plaintiff’s counsel confirmed repeatedly that
the plaintiff handed the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant to
enable him to become the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Flat. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Notes of Argument, 25 August 2021, pp 4–7, 12; Notes of Argument, 16 September
2021, p 6.

The second defendant’s counsel also confirmed this. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 24.

166 Put simply, the second defendant’s and the plaintiff’s common intention
squarely contradicts the plaintiff’s case on resulting trust. She had to
relinquish property in the two cashier’s orders and their proceeds to the
second defendant immediately and unconditionally in order to carry out their
common intention. This rebuts any presumption of a resulting trust.

167 The plaintiff’s claim on a resulting trust fails.

Issue 4: Quistclose trust

168 The plaintiff’s next claim is based on a Quistclose trust She cites Bieber
and others v Teathers Ltd (In Liquidation) [2012] EWCA Civ 1466 (“Bieber”) at
[14] for a summary of the requirements to establish a Quistclose trust:

14 These principles were reviewed by the House of Lords in Twinsectra Ltd v
Yardley [2002] UKHL 12, [2002] 2 AC 164, [2002] 2 All ER 377 and the judge
directed himself in accordance with the following summary of the law:

‘16 First, the question in every case is whether the payer and the recipient
intended that the money passing between them was to be at the free disposal of
the recipient: Re Goldcorp Exchange [1995] 1 AC 74 and Twinsectra at 74.

17 Second, the mere fact that the payer has paid the money to the recipient
for the recipient to use it in a particular way is not of itself enough. The
recipient may have represented or warranted that he intends to use it in a
particular way or have promised to use it in a particular way. Such an
arrangement would give rise to personal obligations but would not of itself
necessarily create fiduciary obligations or a trust: Twinsectra at 73.

18 So, thirdly, it must be clear from the express terms of the transaction
(properly construed) or must be objectively ascertained from the circumstances
of the transaction that the mutual intention of payer and recipient (and the
essence of their bargain) is that the funds transferred should not be part of
the general assets of the recipient but should be used exclusively to effect
particular identified payments, so that if the money cannot be so used then it
is to be returned to the payer: Toovey v Milne (1819) 2 B & A 683 and
Quistclose Investments at 580B.

19 Fourth, the mechanism by which this is achieved is a trust giving rise to
fiduciary obligations on the part of the recipient which a court of equity
will enforce: Twinsectra at 69. Equity intervenes because it is unconscionable
for the recipient to obtain money on terms as to its application and then to
disregard the terms on which he received it from a payer who had placed trust
and confidence in the recipient to ensure the proper application of the money
paid: Twinsectra at 76.

20 Fifth, such a trust is akin to a 'retention of title' clause, enabling the
recipient to have recourse to the payer's money for the particular purpose
specified but without entrenching on the payer's property rights more than
necessary to enable the purpose to be achieved. It is not as such a 'purpose'
trust of which the recipient is a trustee, the beneficial interest in the
money reverting to the payer if the purpose is incapable of achievement. It is
a resulting trust in favour of the payer with a mandate granted to the
recipient to apply the money paid for the purpose stated. The key feature of
the arrangement is that the recipient is precluded from misapplying the money
paid to him. The recipient has no beneficial interest in the money: generally
the beneficial interest remains vested in the payer subject only to the
recipient's power to apply the money in accordance with the stated purpose. If
the stated purpose cannot be achieved then the mandate ceases to be effective,
the recipient simply holds the money paid on resulting trust for the payer,
and the recipient must repay it: Twinsectra at 81, 87, 92 and 100.

21 Sixth, the subjective intentions of payer and recipient as to the creation
of a trust are irrelevant. If the properly construed terms upon which (or the
objectively ascertained circumstances in which) payer and recipient enter into
an arrangement have the effect of creating a trust, then it is not necessary
that either payer or recipient should intend to create a trust: it is
sufficient that they intend to enter into the relevant arrangement: Twinsectra
at 71.

22 Seventh, the particular purpose must be specified in terms which enable a
court to say whether a given application of the money does or does not fall
within its terms: Twinsectra at 16.

23 It is in my judgment implicit in the doctrine so described in the
authorities that the specified purpose is fulfilled by and at the time of the
application of the money. The payer, the recipient and the ultimate
beneficiary of the payment (that is, the person who benefits from the
application by the recipient of the money for the particular purpose) need to
know whether property has passed.’

169 She argues that these requirements are satisfied on the facts of this
case. She parted with the two cashier’s orders for the “express purpose and
objective” informed to her by the second defendant and did not intend to make
a gift to him of the two cashier’s orders or their proceeds. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PS at para 20.7.

170 In response, the first defendant submits that the requirements of a
Quistclose trust are not satisfied because: 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

1DS at para 53.3; Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 20.

(a) The plaintiff had no clear intention to create a Quistclose trust. She did
not obtain an undertaking or express agreement from the second defendant. The
plaintiff merely gave in to the second defendant’s repeated requests for the
money.

(b) There was no clear property identified to be the subject of the trust
because the plaintiff had handed the second defendant the two cashier’s orders
but expected in return a share of the net proceeds of sale of the Flat.

(c) The plaintiff did not clearly identify the beneficiary of the Quistclose
trust when she handed the two cashier’s orders to the second defendant, nor
did she establish with the second defendant that the proceeds of the two
cashier’s orders could be applied only for a specified purpose. The plaintiff
had no intention whatsoever to prevent the proceeds of the two cashier’s
orders from being at the free disposal of the second defendant.

171 I hold that a Quistclose trust did not arise when the plaintiff handed the
two cashier’s orders to the second defendant.

172 The plaintiff’s and the second defendant’s common intention is not,
without more, sufficient to establish a Quistclose trust. As Lord Millett held
in Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley [2002] 2 AC 164 at [73] and [74], a Quistclose
trust does not arise merely because money is paid for a particular purpose.
Rather, the determinative question is whether the parties intended the money
to be at the free disposal of the recipient:

73 A Quistclose trust does not necessarily arise merely because money is paid
for a particular purpose. A lender will often inquire into the purpose for
which a loan is sought in order to decide whether he would be justified in
making it. He may be said to lend the money for the purpose in question, but
this is not enough to create a trust; once lent the money is at the free
disposal of the borrower. Similarly payments in advance for goods or services
are paid for a particular purpose, but such payments do not ordinarily create
a trust. The money is intended to be at the free disposal of the supplier and
may be used as part of his cashflow. Commercial life would be impossible if
this were not the case.

74 The question in every case is whether the parties intended the money to be
at the free disposal of the recipient: In re Goldcorp Exchange Ltd [1995] 1 AC
74, 100 per Lord Mustill. His freedom to dispose of the money is necessarily
excluded by an arrangement that the money shall be used exclusively for the
stated purpose, for as Lord Wilberforce observed in the Quistclose case [1970]
AC 567, 580:

‘A necessary consequence from this, by a process simply of interpretation,
must be that if, for any reason, [the purpose could not be carried out,] the
money was to be returned to [the lender]: the word 'only' or 'exclusively' can
have no other meaning or effect.’

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

(see also, Snell’s Equity at para 25-034 and Lewin at para 9-048).

173 In this case, there is no indication that the second defendant undertook
to apply the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders solely to carry out his
plan. Further, there is no evidence that the plaintiff ever imposed a limiting
condition to that effect on the second defendant (see Snell’s Equity at para
25-034). The plaintiff’s evidence is simply that she agreed to provide the
second defendant with the money he asked for, “for the purpose that he had
informed, ie, to buy over the Flat from [the first defendant]”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at para 19.

She procured the two cashier’s orders to be drawn in favour of the CPF Board.
He could therefore have deposited them into anybody’s CPF account, including
his own. She handed the two cashier’s orders to him without imposing any
conditions limiting his use of them. As protection for her interests, she
relied only on her faith in him as her de facto husband. The result is that
she put the two cashier’s orders at his free disposal.

174 I am fortified in my decision by Andrew Ang SJ’s decision in Toh Eng Tiah
v Jiang Angelina [2020] SGHC 65 (“Toh Eng Tiah”) at [145]. Ang SJ held that a
loan agreement which expressly stated that “[t]he purpose of the [loan] is for
the purchase of [9 Hillcrest Road]” did not prevent the defendant from making
free use of the loan. The decisive factor for Ang SJ was the absence of any
agreement that the sum advanced was not to be at the defendant’s free
disposal. He noted that there was no express term in the loan agreement and no
understanding between parties which restricted the defendant’s right to apply
the sum advanced or which provided that the defendant was not to have free
disposal of the loan (at [145]). No Quistclose trust arose in that case.

175 In Twinsectra, the borrower gave an express undertaking to use the sum
lent “solely for the acquisition of property and for no other purpose”
[emphasis in original]: at [75] and [103].

176 Similarly, in Quistclose Investments Ltd v Rolls Razor Ltd [1970] AC 567
(“Quistclose Investments”), a lender made a loan to a borrower for the sole
purpose of enabling the borrower to pay dividends it had declared. The
exclusive purpose for which the monies were to be applied was evident in the
terms of a letter from the borrower to the appellant bank with whom the loan
monies were to be deposited. This letter, before transmission to the bank, was
sent to the lender under open cover in order that the cheque for the loan
might be (as it was) enclosed in it (at 580). Thus, the common intention of
the parties was that the sum advanced should not become part of the assets of
the borrower but should be used exclusively for payment of the dividend.

177 Unlike Toh Eng Tiah, Twinsectra and Quistclose, there is no evidence in
the present case that the second defendant ever undertook an obligation to the
plaintiff or even had an understanding with the plaintiff that he would use
the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders for the sole purpose of carrying out
his plan. No Quistclose trust can therefore arise in respect of the two
cashier’s orders or their proceeds.

178 Further, there is no evidence that the plaintiff and the second defendant
ever formed an intention that the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders would
be held by the second defendant but not form part of the second defendant’s
general assets. Indeed, they never even addressed their minds to whether the
proceeds of the two cashier’s orders should ever or should never form part of
the second defendant’s general assets. That is because it was instead their
common intention that the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders would be
credited directly to the first defendant’s CPF account and be mixed with her
CPF money there (cf [96] above).

179 In contrast, in Quistclose Investments, Lord Wilberforce found that the
lender and the borrower had always intended that the sum advanced would be
held by the borrower but “should not become part of the assets” of the
borrower and instead “should be used exclusively for payment of a particular
class of its creditors, namely, those entitled to the dividend” (at 580). The
borrower therefore opened a separate and dedicated account in its own name
with the appellant bank to hold the proceeds of the loan (at 579).

180 I therefore find that no Quistclose trust arose in the plaintiff’s favour
because the plaintiff intended the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders to be
at the free disposal of the second defendant and because the plaintiff and the
second defendant did not intend to segregate the proceeds of the two cashier’s
orders from either the second defendant’s or the first defendant’s general
assets.

Issue 5: Unjust enrichment

181 To succeed in a claim in unjust enrichment, a plaintiff must prove that
(Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540
at [110]; Anna Wee at [98]):

(a) the defendant has been enriched;

(b) the enrichment was at the plaintiff’s expense;

(c) an unjust factor is present which makes it is unjust to allow the
defendant to retain the enrichment; and

(d) the defendant has no defences available to it.

182 I will analyse whether the first defendant and the second defendant were
unjustly enriched in turn.

The first defendant

183 I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim in unjust enrichment against the first
defendant. The plaintiff has failed to establish any unjust factor between
herself and the first defendant.

184 The plaintiff submits that the first defendant was unjustly enriched
because she had “no basis to retain” the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders.
138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PSS at para 13.6.

This is not an unjust factor. I shall therefore treat this submission as the
plaintiff’s reliance on failure of consideration or failure of basis as the
unjust factor.

185 In my view, there is no failure of basis to speak of between the plaintiff
and the first defendant. I have accepted the first defendant’s evidence that,
in 2015: (a) she did not know that the plaintiff was the ultimate source of
the two cashier’s orders; (b) she believed the second defendant when he told
her that the two cashier’s orders were to make up for his failure to make any
substantial contribution to servicing the HDB Loan; and (c) she believed the
second defendant when he told her that he had borrowed the money from friends.
139

##### Foot Note 139

×

First defendant’s 16 June 2021 affidavit, at para 10; Notes of Argument, 16
September 2021, pp 15–16; First defendant’s AIR at paras 10 to 11.

186 The concept of failure of basis is summarised in Charles Mitchell, Paul
Mitchell & Stephen Watterson, Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment
(Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) (“Goff & Jones”) at para 12-01, as follows:

… The core underlying idea of failure of basis is simple: a benefit has been
conferred on the joint understanding that the recipient’s right to retain it
is conditional. If the condition is not fulfilled, the recipient must return
the benefit. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

187 The inquiry as to whether there is a failure of basis proceeds in two
parts: first, what was the basis for the transfer in respect of which
restitution is sought; and second, whether that basis has failed: Benzline
Auto Pte Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another [2018] 1 SLR 239
(“Benzline”) at [46].

188 The inquiry as against the first defendant fails at the first hurdle.
There was never any “joint understanding” between the plaintiff and the first
defendant as to the basis on which the first defendant was to receive the two
cashier’s orders. As the first defendant submits, she did not receive the two
cashier’s orders directly from the plaintiff and only came to know that the
plaintiff was the source of the two cashier’s orders in 2016. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

1DS at para 49; Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 15.

Indeed, there were no communications between the plaintiff and the first
defendant in 2015 out of which any such joint understanding could have arisen.

189 In fact, the first defendant’s evidence is that she discovered that the
plaintiff was the ultimate source of two cashier’s orders only in 2016. Even
then, the first defendant maintains that she “was never informed that the
cashier’s orders were a loan to [the second defendant] by [the plaintiff], or
that there was any other agreement between them”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

First defendant’s AIR at para 12; Second defendant’s AIR to the first
defendant at para 6; First defendant’s AIR to the second defendant at para 6.

Even further still, the plaintiff’s evidence is that it was only in 2017 that
the first defendant first asked the plaintiff whether the plaintiff was the
ultimate source of the $205,359.80. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Plaintiff’s 6 July AIR at para 5.2.3.

190 The plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant in unjust enrichment
must fail.

The second defendant

191 The plaintiff made no written submissions as to whether the second
defendant was unjustly enriched. But the plaintiff’s application seeks a
declaration that the defendants are “jointly or severally liable” in unjust
enrichment. And the plaintiff did not, in oral submissions, withdraw her
intention to assert a claim against the second defendant in unjust enrichment.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 3, lines 4 to 10.

I therefore now consider this cause of action as against the second defendant.

192 In my judgment, the claim in unjust enrichment against the second
defendant succeeds. I begin by noting that the second defendant conceded that
in 2015, he owed a personal obligation to return $205,359.80 to the plaintiff.
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, pp 26–27.

I will address each element of this cause of action in turn.

193 First, the second defendant has been enriched by $205,359.80. As I
explained at [173] above, once the plaintiff handed the two cashier’s orders
to the second defendant, their proceeds were at his free disposal, through the
medium of his or someone else’s CPF account. In this regard, where a defendant
receives the plaintiff’s money, there is no question that the defendant is
enriched: Law of Restitution in Singapore at para 03.006, citing BP
Exploration Co (Libya) Ltd v Hunt (No 2) [1979] 1 WLR 783 at 799. That the
second defendant chose to direct the first defendant 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

First defendant’s AIR at para 11.

to deposit the two cashier’s orders into her CPF account does not detract from
his enrichment. The second defendant was enriched when the plaintiff handed
him the two cashier’s orders. The fact that he handed them on to the first
defendant may afford him a defence but does not negate the enrichment.

194 Second, the enrichment was at the plaintiff’s expense. The Court of Appeal
has described the second element as “the requirement of a nexus between the
value that was once attributable to the claimant and the benefit received by
the defendant, ie, the defendant has received a benefit from a subtraction of
the claimant’s assets” (Anna Wee at [113]). The court went on to elaborate
that the plaintiff must prove that he lost a benefit to which he is legally
entitled or which forms part of his assets and which is reflected in the
recipient’s gain (at [128]). That nexus is clear on the facts. The plaintiff’s
evidence is that she procured the two cashier’s orders and that the
$205,359.80 was obtained by her. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Plaintiff’s 13 October 2020 affidavit, at paras 18 to 20.

The plaintiff then submits that she parted with her monies in favour of the
second defendant. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PSS at para 13.5.

195 Third, the second defendant’s enrichment was unjust because there was a
failure of basis. On the first stage of the two-part test in Benzline, the
relevant “basis” was the second defendant’s and the plaintiff’s common
intention for the second defendant to become the Flat’s sole legal and
beneficial owner. And, on the second stage of the two-part test, the second
defendant failed to bring about that intended result. The Flat remains
registered in the names of the second defendant and the first defendant as
joint tenants. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Second defendant’s AIR at para 8(a).

And the Appeal Board’s order has awarded 100% of the Flat’s net proceeds of
sale to the first defendant. The basis on which the plaintiff handed the two
cashier’s orders to the second defendant has failed. It is not to the point
that it failed without any fault on the second defendant’s part.

196 Failure of basis is not inconsistent with my rejection of the Quistclose
trust on the grounds that the two cashier’s orders were at the second
defendant’s free disposal. As Lord Millett held in Twinsectra at [73], a
lender “will often inquire into the purpose for which a loan is sought in
order to decide whether he would be justified in making it. He may be said to
lend the money for the purpose in question, but … once lent the money is at
the free disposal of the borrower.” Thus, although, as a matter of fact, the
second defendant and the plaintiff had a common intention as to the basis on
which the plaintiff was handing the two cashier’s orders to the second
defendant, the legal question as to whether they agreed to make that basis the
sole or exclusive purpose for which the monies could be used is a separate
question.

197 Finally, the second defendant has not raised any defence to the claim in
unjust enrichment in his written submissions or oral submissions. I find that
he has no defence available. For instance, the defendant cannot rely on the
defence of change of position. In Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd [2002] 1 SLR(R) 418 at [35], the Court of
Appeal recognised that the three elements to the defence are that: (a) the
payee has changed his position; (b) the change is bona fide; and (c) it would
be inequitable to require him to make restitution or to make restitution in
full. Even if the second defendant’s position “changed” when the first
defendant deposited the two cashier’s orders in her CPF account and used the
proceeds in part to repay the HDB Loan, requiring him to make restitution is
not inequitable. The first defendant’s repayment of the HDB Loan in full
resulted in extinguishing his personal liability for the balance of the loan.
It also increased the value of his equity of redemption in the Flat.

198 The fact that the Appeal Board’s order has now ordered him to transfer the
entire value of that equity of redemption to the first defendant and left him
with no economic interest in the Flat is again not to the point. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, pp 27 and 30.

Even if the Appeal Board’s order has immediate proprietary effect such that it
operated the moment it was made to disenrich him by divesting him of his
entire unencumbered proprietary interest in the Flat and vesting it in the
first defendant (an issue on which I express no view), that does not give the
second defendant access to the defence of change of position. In so far as the
second defendant has been disenriched, it is by virtue entirely of the Appeal
Board’s order. And that disenrichment is not causally connected to his
enrichment, whether in fact or in law (Rahmah v Abacha [2006] EWCA 1492 at
[56], [85]; Lipkin Gorman (a firm) v Karpnale Ltd [1991] 2 AC 548 (“Lipkin
Gorman”) at 560; Scottish Equitable v Derby [2001] 3 All ER 818 at [31]).

199 In so far as part of the second defendant’s enrichment remains in the
first defendant’s CPF account (see [21] above), that is the residue of the sum
of money which the second defendant paid to the first defendant as part of his
own plan, one which he conceived and executed. There is therefore nothing
inequitable about requiring the second defendant to make restitution of
$205,359.80 in full to the plaintiff even if $79,642.65 out of that sum
remains in some notional sense with the first defendant in her CPF account.

200 For all of these reasons, the second defendant is liable to make
restitution to the plaintiff of the sum of $205,359.80 by which he has been
unjustly enriched.

Issue 6: Proprietary restitution

201 The plaintiff prays for a declaration that the defendants are jointly or
severally liable to pay her the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders or their
traceable proceeds as “proprietary restitution”. The term “proprietary
restitution” is used in at least two senses (Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito
and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“Alwie”) at [116]):

116 … To Prof [Graham] Virgo, the essence of a proprietary restitutionary
claim is the existence of a continuing – or retention of – proprietary
interest in property in the hands of the defendant: Virgo at pp 580–581. The
remedy for such a claim can be personal or proprietary: Virgo at pp 575–576.
Prof [Andrew] Burrows, on the other hand, appears to take the position that
proprietary restitution is a proprietary remedy for a claim for unjust
enrichment. In other words, unlike a proprietary restitutionary claim where
the basis of the claim is subsisting property rights, Prof Burrow’s conception
of proprietary restitution reversing unjust enrichment suggests that property
rights can be created to reverse unjust enrichment. As with any claim for
unjust enrichment, an unjust factor is still required for the awarding of the
proprietary remedy: Burrows at pp 432–433.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in bold italics]

202 The plaintiff cannot succeed in a proprietary restitution claim as
understood by Prof Graham Virgo. She has no continuing proprietary interest in
the two cashier’s orders or their proceeds, nor has she somehow retained any
such interest. As I have held, she parted with her entire property in the two
cashier’s orders and their proceeds in favour of the second defendant, and
ultimately the first defendant. That leaves no room for any free-standing
proprietary claim. I have held that the circumstances have rebutted the
presumption of resulting trust which arose. I have also refused to declare a
remedial constructive trust or a Quistclose trust in the plaintiff’s favour.

203 It appears that what the plaintiff means by “proprietary restitution” is a
proprietary remedy to reverse unjust enrichment. In support of this claim, she
cites Foskett v McKeown and others [2001] 1 AC 102 (“Foskett”). Foskett does
not assist the plaintiff. In that case, a trustee fraudulently used trust
moneys to pay premiums of a life insurance policy. By a majority, the House of
Lords upheld the claim by the beneficiaries to a proportionate beneficial
interest in the proceeds of the insurance policy. The majority in Foskett was
emphatic that the beneficiaries’ equitable title in the traceable proceeds of
the breach of trust arose from a vindication of their initial property rights
under the trust and not as a remedy in the law of unjust enrichment: per Lord
Browne-Wilkinson at 109, Lord Hoffman at 115 and Lord Millett at 127 (see also
Law of Restitution in Singapore at paras 01.031–01.033). Nevertheless,
academic opinion remains divided as to whether Foskett is best explained as a
vindication of the plaintiff’s continuing property rights (as the majority
held) or as a proprietary remedy reversing the defendants’ unjust enrichment
at the claimants’ expense: Goff & Jones at para 37-05.

204 In any event, on the reasoning by the majority in Foskett, the plaintiff
can have no claim. That is because she parted with her entire property in the
two cashier’s orders and their proceeds in favour of the second defendant, and
ultimately the first defendant. But even on the latter explanation of Foskett,
the second defendant’s unjust enrichment cannot yield a proprietary remedy.

205 The latter explanation of Foskett raises the more difficult question of
whether proprietary restitution is available as a remedy for unjust
enrichment. The Court of Appeal in Alwie did not resolve this issue,
preferring to leave the point to be decided in future (see [115]–[121]). In
particular, the court refrained from deciding whether Lipkin Gorman was a case
in which a proprietary remedy was awarded to reverse an actionable unjust
enrichment. In Lipkin Gorman, a partner in a firm of solicitors withdrew cash
from its client account and gambled it away at a casino. The House of Lords
allowed the firm’s claim against the casino for money had and received. The
Court of Appeal in Alwie noted that the firm succeeded in Lipkin Gorman
because the money taken by the rogue partner remained the property of the
firm. Yet, the Court of Appeal refrained from concluding that the claim in
Lipkin Gorman did not award a proprietary remedy for an actionable unjust
enrichment. This is because several Law Lords in Lipkin Gorman expressly
recognised the firm’s claim as being founded on the law of unjust enrichment
(see Alwie at [119], citing Lord Bridge at 558, Lord Ackner at 568 and Lord
Goff at 578).

206 This area of law is developing, certainly in Singapore. It appears that
the law does allow proprietary remedies to reverse an actionable unjust
enrichment in some circumstances: see Bailey at [30]; Goff & Jones at para
37-026. But the English Supreme Court and academic commentators have cautioned
against awarding proprietary restitution where the unjust enrichment arises
from a failure of basis. Lord Sumption in Bailey at [30] sounded the death
knell for proprietary restitution where the unjust enrichment is reversed by
reason of a failure of consideration, ie a failure of basis:

The exact circumstances in which a restitutionary proprietary claim may exist
is a controversial question which has given rise to a considerable body of
judicial comment and academic literature. For present purposes it is enough to
point out that where money is paid with the intention of transferring the
entire beneficial interest to the payee, the least that must be shown in order
to establish a constructive trust is (i) that that intention was vitiated, for
example because the money was paid as a result of a fundamental mistake or
pursuant to a contract which has been rescinded, or (ii) that irrespective of
the intentions of the payer, in the eyes of equity the money has come into the
wrong hands, as where it represents the fruits of a fraud, theft or breach of
trust or fiduciary duty against a third party. … The right to the restitution
of money paid on a consideration which has wholly failed is simply a process
of contractual readjustment, giving rise like the contract itself to purely
personal obligations. If an actual total failure of consideration does not
give rise to a proprietary restitutionary right, I do not see how a
prospective one can do so.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

207 The authors of Goff & Jones also cast doubt on whether a proprietary
remedy is available to reverse an actionable unjust enrichment where a
plaintiff transfers money to a defendant intending the money to be at the
defendant’s free disposal and there is subsequently a failure of basis. The
preliminary point which the authors make is that whether proprietary remedies
are available in a claim for unjust enrichment should turn on whether the
plaintiff voluntarily undertook the risk of the defendant’s insolvency. A
plaintiff who had the opportunity to bargain for security but did not take it
should not be entitled to a proprietary remedy if the defendant fails to
return to him the value of the benefits he conferred on the defendant: Goff &
Jones at para 37-18; see also Andrew Burrows, The Law of Restitution (Oxford
University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“Burrows”) at pp 174–179. In this context,
the authors go further to explain at para 37-19 that (see also Burrows at p
177):

… [The ‘voluntary assumption of risk’ argument] is consistent with the common
assumption that where a contracting party has paid money or transferred some
other asset to a contractual counterparty, on terms such that the money or
asset is at the recipient’s free disposal, the circumstance that the
consideration for the payment wholly fails will only give rise to a personal
restitutionary remedy. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Goff & Jones cites Bailey at [30] for this specific observation on failure of
consideration.

208 The same point is made in Elise Bant and Michael Bryan, “A Model of
Proprietary Remedies” in Principles of Proprietary Remedies (Elise Bant &
Michael Bryan eds) (Thomson Reuters (Professional) Australia Limited, 2013) at
para 12.170. They point out that a personal remedy for unjust enrichment will
usually be entirely adequate to effect corrective justice between the parties
for cases involving the transfer of non-unique chattels such as money. They
explain that personal restitution in such cases: (a) is sufficient to enable
the plaintiff to obtain a replacement asset if so desired; and (b) is the most
efficient and least invasive of corrective remedies.

209 Lusina Ho in “Proprietary Remedies for Unjust Enrichment: Demystifying the
Constructive Trust and Analysing Intentions” in The Restatement Third:
Restitution and Unjust Enrichment, Critical and Comparative Essays (Hart
Publishing, 2013) argues that intention at the time of the enrichment should
be the litmus test for deciding whether an unjust enrichment yields a
proprietary remedy. Ho argues that a proprietary remedy is generally not
available where the plaintiff manifests an intention at the time of the unjust
enrichment to transfer the enrichment to the defendant outright, but the basis
of the transfer later fails. She calls these “qualified intent” cases. Ho
points out that the plaintiff’s intention, although qualified, is entirely
unimpaired. All that happens where unjust enrichment arises from a failure of
basis is that the plaintiff’s expectations about the future are defeated. In
cases of qualified intent, there is no justification for taking into account
what the plaintiff intends at a later point in time, ie the plaintiff’s
intention at the time that the basis of the transfer fails (at 225).

210 This survey shows that proprietary restitution is an extremely difficult
and unsettled area of the law, both for the courts and for academics and both
in terms of what it means and what it requires. The plaintiff has not
attempted to grapple with any of these difficulties or to present any grounds
sufficient in law to justify making the second defendant’s obligation to make
restitution of the proceeds of the two cashier’s orders more than a purely
personal one.

211 As I have held, the plaintiff parted with her entire property in the two
cashier’s orders and their proceeds in favour of the second defendant, and
ultimately the first defendant. She offers no reason why a “contractual
readjustment” (see Bailey at [30] cited at [206] above) by way of a personal
remedy for the unjust enrichment which I have found is insufficient to achieve
corrective justice (see [208] above). She has not shown, in accordance with
Lord Sumption’s guidelines (see [206] above), that her intention for an
outright transfer was vitiated or that the proceeds of the two cashier’s
orders fell into the wrong hands in the eyes of equity. That is because she
cannot. As I have found, she willingly put the two cashier’s orders in the
second defendant’s hands, and at his free disposal, from the moment she handed
them to him. She did that knowing what the second defendant intended to do
with them. She has also not shown, per the guidance in Goff & Jones (see [207]
above) that she did not undertake the risk of the second defendant’s
insolvency. She could have asked for security when making the advances but did
not.

212 The plaintiff’s claim for proprietary restitution against both defendants
therefore fails.

Issue 7: Equitable lien

213 The plaintiff finally prays for an equitable lien to be imposed on the
Flat. I decline to do so.

214 The plaintiff cites in support of this prayer Debbie Ong J’s dictum in
Philip Antony Jeyaretnam and another v Kulandaivelu Malayaperumal and others
(Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pamabayan, third party; Pramela d/o Govindasamy and
another, non-parties) [2020] 3 SLR 738 (“Jeyaretnam”) at [35] that:

35 Where a claimant seeks a claim against a substituted asset which exists in
the hands of the trustee, the claimant may elect between remedies, whether it
be by way of an equitable lien or the entire beneficial ownership of the
substituted asset under a constructive trust. …

215 This dictum means only that a plain-tiff who has traced trust property
into a substituted asset which the trustee continues to hold may choose to
take his relief either in the form of an equitable lien on the substituted
asset or a constructive trust over the substituted asset. Jeyaretnam was a
case in which the plaintiff elected to take an equitable lien because the
“more effective remedy of a constructive trust [over a HDB flat was] expressly
prohibited by statute” (at [37]). Burrows at p 432 similarly explains that
“[a]n equitable lien is a charge imposed by law over the traced property to
secure a certain sum of money” [emphasis added] (see also Lewin at paras
44-028 and 44-032). On my analysis above, the plaintiff does not now and has
never had any proprietary interest in the two cashier’s orders or their
proceeds from the time she handed each of them over to the second defendant.
There is therefore nothing which she can trace into the Flat to support any
remedy whatsoever, whether an equitable lien or a constructive trust.
Jeyaretnam does not even begin to suggest that an equitable lien is available
as a remedy for an unjust enrichment where the enrichment has been paid
towards a HDB flat, let alone where it has been paid to discharge a loan
secured on the flat.

216 Goff & Jones does outline two situations in which an equitable lien is
available even though a plaintiff has no proprietary interest in the subject
matter of the lien. These two situations are: (a) where the plaintiff’s money
can be traced into repairs or improvements to the defendant’s property; and
(b) where an insured receives money from a third party in diminution of a loss
for which he has already been indemnified by his insurer (see paras 37-42 to
37-43). The present case does not fall into any of these categories.

217 There are no grounds for awarding the plaintiff an equitable lien over the
Flat.

218 The plaintiff does not pray for any equitable lien to be imposed on the
first defendant’s CPF account. I need therefore not consider that alternative.
In any event, the plaintiff has no viable claim against the first defendant at
common law or in equity to support an equitable lien over her CPF account.

Conclusion

219 I have dismissed all of the plaintiff’s prayers for relief in this
application, with only one exception. That exception is that on prayer 3, I
have declared that the second defendant is personally liable to pay to the
plaintiff the sum of $205,359.80 as restitution for unjust enrichment.

220 As for the costs of this application, I have ordered: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Notes of Argument, 16 September 2021, p 38.

(a) the plaintiff to pay to the first defendant the costs of an incidental to
this application, such costs fixed at $25,000, including disbursements; and

(b) the second defendant to pay to the plaintiff costs of an incidental to
this application, such costs fixed at $15,000, including disbursements.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J

Judge of the High Court

Mohamed Hashim Bin Abdul Rasheed (A Mohamed Hashim) for the plaintiff;

Abdul Rahman Bin Mohd Hanipah and Mohammad Shafiq Bin Haja Maideen (Abdul
Rahman Law Corporation) for the first defendant;

Syed Ahmed Jamal Chishty (A C Syed & Partners) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 4: 24 May 2023 (19:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

