Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 10

Civil Appeal No 102 of 2021 (Summons No 6 of 2022)

Between

| Png Hock Leng  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| AXA Insurance Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Administrative Law — Natural justice — Fair hearing — Recusal]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Png Hock Leng v

  

AXA Insurance Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC(A) 10

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 102 of 2021 (Summons No
6 of 2022)

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD and See Kee Oon J  
9 March 2022

9 March 2022

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 As noted by the Court of Appeal in Ong Wui Teck v Attorney-General [2020] 1
SLR 855 (“Ong Wui Teck”) at [26], the Oath of Office taken by every judge,
judicial commissioner and senior judge of the Supreme Court of Singapore
pursuant to Art 97(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (2020
Rev Ed) emphasises how vital the qualities of judicial independence and
impartiality are to the role and function of a judge. Allegations of bias,
impropriety and dishonesty have the potential to undermine public confidence
in the judiciary and its administration of justice.

2 The Singapore courts have repeatedly cautioned against the making of
unfounded allegations of judicial bias. Most recently, in BOI v BOJ [2018] 2
SLR 1156 (“BOI”) at [141], the Court of Appeal stated that:

… we cannot emphasise enough how extremely serious allegations of judicial
bias are. Indeed, such allegations can be utilised not only as a weapon of
abuse by disgruntled litigants but also waste valuable court time and
resources in the process. We would imagine that, by their very nature, such
allegations would be rare in the extreme. Should such proceedings arise before
the court in the future and be found to be unmeritorious, there may be serious
consequences. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Similarly, in Soh Rui Yong v Liew Wei Yen Ashley [2021] SGHC 96 at [48], the
High Court held that “allegations of … judicial bias, while necessary when
appropriate, are extremely serious and should only be employed with great
circumspection and care. Inevitably they occasion costs to clients, public
resources and the justice system as a whole”. In Noor Azlin bte Abdul Rahman
and another v Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 440 (“Noor Azlin”)
at [118], the Court of Appeal cautioned again that “allegations of bias
against sitting judges in Singapore have the potential to undermine public
confidence in the administration of justice and are never to be taken lightly”
[emphasis added].

3 The court has to be vigilant in order to guard against the use of unfounded
allegations of bias to engage in judge shopping as a procedural strategy. It
is important to ensure that litigants do not have the misconceived idea that
they may pick their own judges or disrupt proceedings with such applications
(TOW v TOV [2017] 3 SLR 725 at [36]). Judges should no more choose their cases
than lawyers choose their judges (Raman Dhir v Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 1374 [2021] 4 SLR 1215 at [10]). That is why unless there are
proper grounds for a recusal, the court must be careful not to accede to such
applications by litigants who do not want a case to be heard by a particular
judge. Judge shopping cannot be condoned as it is insidious, and undermines
and weakens the administration of justice (Chee Siok Chin and another v
Attorney-General [2006] 4 SLR(R) 541 at [10]).

4 In our judgment, the present application, AD/SUM 6/2022 (“SUM 6”), filed by
the applicant, Png Hock Leng, seeking the recusal of Justice Chua Lee Ming
(“the Judge”) from his appeal, AD/CA 102/2021 (“AD/CA 102”), is simply another
instance of impermissible judge shopping. We have no hesitation in dismissing
his baseless application in full.

The relevant background

5 We begin by briefly sketching the relevant background. AD/CA 102 is the
applicant’s appeal against Justice Lee Seiu Kin’s decision in HC/RA 162/2021,
which affirmed Assistant Registrar Kenneth Wang’s decision in HC/OS 171/2021
(“OS 171”), to dismiss his application to transfer the whole of MC/MC 146/2020
(“MC 146”) from the Magistrate’s Court to the General Division of the High
Court.

6 In AD/CA 102, the applicant contends that he has the right to transfer MC
146 to the High Court under s 54E of the State Courts Act (Cap 321, Rev Ed
2007) (“SCA”) because his counterclaim in MC 146 exceeds the District Court’s
jurisdiction. Alternatively, MC 146 ought to be transferred under s 54B of the
SCA because there is “sufficient reason”, an important question of law or MC
146 is a test case and there would be no irreparable prejudice to the
counterparty. The respondent, AXA Insurance Pte Ltd, opposes the transfer
application.

7 On 28 December 2021, the parties were informed that AD/CA 102 was to be
heard in the sitting of the Appellate Division of the High Court from 31
January 2022 to 11 February 2022. The hearing fixture list disclosed that the
Judge would be on the coram.

8 On 5 January 2022, an adjournment was granted at the request of counsel for
the applicant to refix the hearing date to the sitting of the Appellate
Division of the High Court commencing on 7 March 2022.

9 Subsequently, on 9 February 2022, the applicant wrote a letter to the
Registry of the High Court requesting that AD/CA 102 not be fixed before the
Judge because the appeal concerned principles stated in Autoexport & EPZ Pte
Ltd (formerly known as AJ Towing (S) Pte Ltd v TOW77 Pte Ltd [2021] 4 SLR 1201
(“Autoexport”), a decision of the Judge sitting in the General Division of the
High Court. On 14 February 2022, the parties were informed by way of the
fixture list that the Judge would be on the coram. At a case management
conference on the same date, the applicant reiterated his request that AD/CA
102 not be fixed before the Judge on the basis of apparent bias. The applicant
was directed to file a recusal application with supporting affidavit if so
advised to do so.

10 The applicant proceeded to file SUM 6 on 21 February 2022 seeking the
recusal of the Judge from hearing AD/CA 102 and the stay of AD/CA 102 pending
the outcome of SUM 6 including any appeals therefrom. We reproduce the grounds
stated in his supporting affidavit dated 18 February 2022 as follows:

5\. I have been advised and verily believe that in my Appeal, I am appealing
to a significant extent against the principles first stated in Autoexport, and
that the Appellate Division of the High Court has the power to overrule the
principles stated in decisions of the General Division of the High Court.

6\. Since Autoexport was decided by [the Judge], with all due respect, I
humbly believe that His Honour has or may have an interest in the principles
stated in his decision being affirmed and/or not being overruled by a superior
court and/or another court.

7\. I humbly believe that it thus would not be appropriate for [the Judge] to
sit in judgment on my appeal, and am gravely concerned that there would
otherwise be an appearance of bias or apparent bias against my appeal …

The parties’ arguments

11 The applicant’s case for recusal is grounded on apparent bias. As the
applicant seeks to argue in AD/CA 102 that Autoexport was wrongly decided, he
somehow sees the Judge as effectively sitting in an appeal against his own
earlier decision. Further, the applicant argues that the objective observer
would have knowledge of the facts and the novelty of the legal principles
stated in the Judge’s decision of Autoexport because it was decided relatively
recently and publicised. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s written submissions dated 2 March 2022 (“AWS”) at para 11.

The objective observer would also know of the principle of stare decisis and
that a litigant would have to appeal to a higher court in order for a
precedent to be overruled and that an appeal would be dismissed if the Judges
of the Appellate Division hearing the appeal are evenly divided under s 33(3)
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AWS at para 13.

12 Given that Lee J and Wang AR dismissed the applicant’s transfer application
in OS 171 on the basis of the principles stated in Autoexport and the
applicant is similarly a counterclaimant seeking a transfer of proceedings to
the High Court based on the fact that the quantum of the counterclaim exceeds
the District Court’s limit, the fair-minded observer would conclude that “the
very Judge who set the precedent in the General Division, effectively sitting
in an appeal against his own decision, is unlikely to give a different result
in the Appeal in the Appellate Division as judges are impartial and would
apply the same principles to similar cases, especially given the short passage
of time”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at paras 14 to 15 and 17.2; Applicant’s reply submissions dated 4 March
2022 (“AR”) at para 3.

The failure of the Judge to give a different result would cause the
applicant’s appeal to be dismissed regardless of the views of the other judge
on the coram. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AWS at para 17.3.

If his appeal is dismissed, it would not be a fanciful belief for the
objective observer to attribute the dismissal to the lack of desire of the
Judge to “go behind and condemn” the very principles that he had set, or a
desire to affirm his own precedent, an opportunity that he would not have had
if this was an appeal in Autoexport itself. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at para 18; AR at para 12.

Therefore, a reasonable suspicion that a fair hearing for the applicant is not
possible may arise if the Judge hears AD/CA 102. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at para 19.

13 The respondent opposes the recusal application on the basis that no fair-
minded, informed and reasonable observer would reasonably suspect or apprehend
that there would be bias on the Judge’s part and/or that the Judge would reach
a final and conclusive decision on AD/CA 102 before being made aware of all
relevant evidence and arguments which the parties wish to put before him, such
that he approaches the matter at hand with a closed mind. It argues that the
applicant has not identified any reason to support his allegation of apparent
bias beyond his bare assertion that the Judge decided Autoexport. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Respondent’s written submissions dated 2 March 2022 (“RWS”) at para 22.

14 The respondent argues that the court should view the application with great
circumspection and guard against judge shopping. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RWS at paras 10 to 14.

The applicant’s allegation of appearance of or apparent bias is plainly
unmeritorious since it is only based on his own bare assertion and it is trite
that a judge’s previous judicial decision is an irrelevant factor in
determining whether apparent bias is present. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

RWS at paras 15 to 21.

It is also well-settled that judges have considered, on appeal, principles
which they had enunciated in their earlier judgments. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RWS at para 21.

The applicable law

15 It is common ground between the parties that the doctrine of apparent bias
in Singapore is that stated by the Court of Appeal in BOI at [103] as follows:

(a) The applicable test is whether there are circumstances that would give
rise to a reasonable suspicion or apprehension of bias in the fair-minded and
informed observer. This is not any different from asking whether the observer
would conclude that there was a “real possibility” of bias, bearing in mind
that the word “real” here refers to the degree of likelihood of bias (which
must be substantial and not imagined), and not whether the bias is actual.

(b) As the test for apparent bias involves a hypothetical inquiry into the
perspective of the observer and what the observer would think of a particular
set of circumstances, the test is necessarily objective.

(c) A reasonable suspicion or apprehension arises when the observer would
think, from the relevant circumstances, that bias is possible. It cannot be a
fanciful belief, and the reasons for the suspicion must be capable of
articulation by reference to the evidence presented. But adopting a standard
of possibility rather than probability furthers the vital public interest of
ensuring that the administration of justice is beyond reproach from the
perspective of reasonable members of the public.

(d) In establishing whether the observer would harbour a reasonable suspicion
of bias, the court must be mindful not to supplant the observer’s perspective
by assuming knowledge outside the ken of reasonably well-informed members of
the public (ie, detailed knowledge of the law and court procedure, or insider
knowledge of the inclinations, character or ability of the members of the
court or adjudication body). The observer would be informed – that is, he or
she would be apprised of all relevant facts that are capable of being known by
members of the public generally. The observer would also be fair-minded; he or
she would be neither complacent nor unduly sensitive and suspicious. He or she
would know the traditions of integrity and impartiality that administrators of
justice have to uphold, and would not jump to hasty conclusions of bias based
on isolated episodes of temper or remarks taken out of context.

(e) In line with (d), the relevant circumstances which the court may take into
account in finding a reasonable suspicion of bias would be limited to what is
available to an observer witnessing the proceedings. Such circumstances might
include, for example, the demeanour of the judge and counsel, the interactions
between the court and counsel, and such facts of the case as could be gleaned
from those interactions and/or known to the general public.

16 We also note the related rule against prejudgment which prohibits the
decision-maker from reaching a final, conclusive decision before being made
aware of all relevant evidence and arguments which the parties wish to put
before him or her. While it has been said that prejudgment is distinct from
apparent bias, the preponderance of authority refers to prejudgement as
something that amounts to apparent bias. To establish prejudgment amounting to
apparent bias, it must be established that the fair-minded, informed and
reasonable observer would, after considering the facts and circumstances
available before him, suspect or apprehend that the decision-maker had reached
a final and conclusive decision before being made aware of all relevant
evidence and arguments which the parties wish to put before him or her, such
that he or she approaches the matter at hand with a closed mind (BOI at
[107]–[109]).

Our decision

17 In our judgment, there is no evidence of apparent bias to begin with. The
“reasons” given are in the nature of arguments in light of the absence of
material to satisfy the test of apparent bias. We now elaborate.

18 At the outset, it is evident that the applicant’s case is entirely devoid
of factual basis. Besides a bare assertion that the Judge “may have an
interest in the principles stated in [Autoexport] therein being affirmed
and/or not being overruled” (see above at [10]), the applicant produces no
objective evidence or factual allegations that are capable of showing even the
slightest indication of apparent bias on the part of the Judge. Unlike most
cases of apparent bias, there is no allegation here that the Judge said
anything inappropriate or acted in any way which may potentially evince bias
in favour of a particular result or a closed mind towards AD/CA 102. There is
only unfounded speculation and fear on the part of the applicant that the
Judge would rule against him because the Judge has an interest in not seeing
his decision in Autoexport overturned.

19 It is well-settled that such bare allegations do not suffice to make out a
case of apparent bias. As the Court of Appeal stated in Tang Liang Hong v Lee
Kuan Yew and another and other appeals [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576 at [51], a claim of
apparent bias on the part of a judge must be based on facts that are
substantially true and accurate. The fact that an allegation of bias has been
made against a judge is not enough; otherwise a party could secure a judge of
his choice by merely alleging bias on the part of another or other judges. A
judge is not obliged to withdraw based on facts which are inaccurate, false or
devoid of substantiation. The Court of Appeal went on to quote the decision of
the New South Wales Court of Appeal in Bainton v Rajski (1992) 29 NSWLR 539
where Mahoney JA said, at 541:

It is accepted that justice must be done in fact and that the appearance of
justice must be maintained. But that, and particularly the latter, does not
require that, if a party alleges or even believes in the disqualifying facts
alleged, the judge should withdraw. If that were so, the administration of
justice and the rights of other parties would be governed by the allegation of
or the belief in facts, however dishonest, paranoiac, unbalanced or honestly
wrong. [emphasis added]

20 More recently, in Noor Azlin at [117], the Court of Appeal had strong words
against the “spurious and unwarranted nature of the allegations” made by
counsel applying for a transfer to the Court of Appeal. There, counsel
submitted that the judges of the Appellate Division would “feel constrained
against overturning and/or overruling the decision(s) made by the President of
the Appellate Division” and the transfer ought to be made on this basis (at
[114]). The Court of Appeal found it “deeply troubling that such allegations
[were] being levelled against the Judge and other members of the AD,
especially when no basis – whether reasoned or otherwise – ha[d] been provided
for them” (at [115]). It noted that there was absolutely no indication (and
none had been provided by counsel) that any judge sitting in the Appellate
Division will be influenced by this fact when hearing the appeal.

21 We too find the present allegations by the applicant spurious and
unwarranted. The mere fact that the Judge decided Autoexport, a case which
involves the same statutory provisions of the SCA, and set out his views on
those provisions cannot possibly be any indication of apparent bias. A
reasonable observer who is not unduly sensitive or suspicious would not jump
to the conclusion that the Judge would not be open to reconsider the
principles stated in Autoexport upon new arguments. Without any evidential
basis supporting the bare assertion that the Judge has an interest in not
seeing his own decision overruled, we find the applicant’s arguments fanciful,
speculative and wholly unmeritorious.

22 There is also no basis for the applicant’s bizarre submission that the
Judge would “effectively be sitting in an appeal against his own decision”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AWS at para 17.2.

This is merely an attempt to skew the picture. AD/CA 102 is not an appeal
against the Judge’s decision in Autoexport. More accurately, the Judge would
simply be hearing an appeal in which the legal principles he had enunciated in
a lower court decision is being challenged. This is by no means novel. The
Court of Appeal routinely considers lower court decisions decided by a judge
in the High Court (who may well be sitting on the coram for that particular
appeal after having been elevated to the Court of Appeal). This is an
inescapable practical reality given the limited number of appellate judges in
our courts and the wealth of judicial experience of our appellate judges. If
an appellate judge had to recuse himself or herself on the basis that the
judge had decided a similar case which is now challenged on appeal, there
would not be enough appellate judges to hear the multitude of appeals
involving the myriad of legal principles.

23 We also note that the applicant attempted to distinguish the case of
Helljay Investments Pty Ltd v Deputy Commissioner of Taxation (1999) 166 ALR
302 (“Helljay Investments”) (see [26] below for the relevant passages) by
alleging that, unlike in the present case, “there was no element of a hearing
by a Judge who is temporally elevated into a higher court to hear an appeal
effectively against his novel decision in a lower court”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AR at para 14.

Apart from being utterly lacking in any factual basis whatsoever, we find this
allegation clearly mischievous. The Judge has been assigned since July 2021 to
sit in the Appellate Division of the High Court and he has heard several other
cases listed before the Appellate Division. As stated above (at [7]), parties
were notified as early as 28 December 2021 that the Judge would be on the
coram hearing AD/CA 102. We are concerned that counsel’s submissions made on
behalf of the applicant appear to give rise to an insinuation that there was
some deliberate contrivance to have the Judge on the coram specifically so
that he can be a judge in his own cause as it were. Needless to say, such an
insinuation is patently absurd and as stated, mischievous. We remind counsel
of the Court of Appeal’s caution in Noor Azlin at [118] that whilst it is
undoubtedly the duty of every counsel to put forward all available arguments
in the best interests of his or her client, it is equally important for
counsel to recognise his or her overarching duty as an officer of the court.
The balancing of these duties requires counsel to make submissions in a
responsible manner.

24 Further, the applicant’s case is also devoid of any legal merit. The mere
fact that a judge had previously ruled or opined extra-judicially on a
particular legal principle which is being challenged on appeal does not point
towards prejudgment or apparent bias. While litigants may quite naturally
surmise that the judge may rule in a particular manner consistent with the
judge’s previously expressed views, this is not an acceptable basis to infer
that the judge has somehow prejudged the matter or would be biased in favour
of a particular result, both of which have to be supported by evidential
material.

25 This is well explained in two decisions of the High Court of Australia. In
Re JRL (1986) 66 ALR 239 at 245 to 246, Mason J observed that:

There may be many situations in which previous decisions of a judicial officer
on issues of fact and law may generate an expectation that he is likely to
decide issues in a particular case adversely to one of the parties. But this
does not mean either that he will approach the issues in that case otherwise
than with an impartial and unprejudiced mind in the sense in which that
expression is used in the authorities or that his previous decisions provide
an acceptable basis for inferring that there is a reasonable apprehension that
he will approach the issues in this way. In cases of this kind,
disqualification is only made out by showing that there is a reasonable
apprehension of bias by reason of prejudgment and this must be 'firmly
established’. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

26 In Helljay Investments at [12], Hayne J stated that:

The principles about apprehension of bias must be understood in the context of
a judicial system founded in precedent and directed to establishing, and
maintaining, consistency of judicial decision so that like cases are treated
alike and principles of law are applied uniformly. The bare fact that a
judicial officer has earlier expressed an opinion on questions of law will
therefore seldom, if ever, warrant a conclusion of appearance of bias, no
matter how important that opinion may have been to the disposition of the past
case or how important it may be to the outcome of the instant case. Fidelity
to precedent and consistency may make it very likely that the same opinion
about a question of law will be expressed in both cases. But that stops well
short of saying that the judicial officer will not listen to and properly
consider arguments against the earlier holding. As Lush J said in Ewert v
Lonie:

Every reasonable man knows that consistency in decision is one of the aims of
judicial or quasi-judicial institutions, but if he is exercising his quality
of reasonableness he does not suppose that a tribunal will refuse to entertain
or will fail to give proper attention to a submission opposed to its former
decision merely because it is so opposed. In this case, the reasonable
onlooker might have thought that the appellants would not have much chance of
succeeding, but this is not the same thing as feeling or believing that they
would not get a proper hearing. It is not a characteristic of the law’s
reasonable man either to be irrationally suspicious of every institution or
authority or to think that every cynical appraisal represents an absolute
truth.

The ‘fair and unprejudiced mind’ which must be brought to bear upon the
determination of litigation is … ‘not necessarily a mind which has not given
thought to the subject matter or one which, having thought about it, has not
formed any views or inclination of mind upon or with respect to it’.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

27 Certainly, a judge may have formed some provisional views before a hearing.
However, an open mind does not mean an empty mind (Prometheus Marine Pte Ltd v
King, Ann Rita [2018] 1 SLR 1 at [39]). Even if the judge has provisional
views based on his or her previous decisions, much ultimately depends on the
particular facts of the matter and the arguments made by counsel. After all, a
judge’s impartiality necessitates an open mind to consider new arguments and
evidence brought up by counsel in every case which may very well change a
judge’s mind.

28 Indeed, it would be contrary to fair-mindedness and reasonableness for the
objective observer to think that a judge has any interest in his previous
decisions being affirmed or overturned. As stated in BOI at [103(d)] (see
[15(d)] above), the observer “would know the traditions of integrity and
impartiality that administrators of justice have to uphold”. It is precisely
the quality of impartiality that requires the judge sitting at the appellate
level to reconsider the correctness of the legal principles that the judge
himself or herself had enunciated in a lower court with the benefit of new
legal arguments by counsel and a view of achieving justice for the parties.

29 Finally, we highlight that it is not unusual for our judges to reconsider
previous rulings on the basis of new arguments and come to a different view.
For instance, in Miao Weiguo v Tendcare Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd and
another [2021] SGCA 116 (“Miao Weiguo”) at [6], the Court of Appeal considered
the reflective loss principle and overruled a previous Court of Appeal
decision, Townsing Henry George v Jenton Overseas Investment Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) [2007] 2 SLR(R) 597 (“Townsing”). Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA,
delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal, noted at [9] that he was also
on the coram of Townsing and stated as follows:

9 I would add that I was in fact on the coram of Townsing. However, as I
observed in a concurring judgment in Iskandar bin Rahmat v Law Society of
Singapore [2021] 1 SLR 874 (at [96]):

On a more general level, it might also be usefully observed that the law is
seldom static and develops over time. Hence, what appears to be the settled
position with respect to a particular legal issue at a previous point in time
might change (and even radically at that) as, inter alia, new arguments not
hitherto considered are proffered and considered by later courts (as is
consistent with the very nature of an adversarial system such as ours). This
is not only a natural process but is also desirable from the perspective of
both logic and principle. Indeed, it is emblematic of the development of not
only the principles of common law and equity but also of (as is the case here)
the interpretation of statutory provision(s) as well. And this is all to the
good as judicial humility as well as a concomitant openness to new arguments
are true hallmarks of the judicial function which views the attainment of
substantive and procedural justice as well as fairness as its overarching and,
indeed, ultimate mission with respect to every case that arises for decision.
It is in the spirit of such an approach that I now consider the issue before
this court afresh in light of legal arguments that were not before this court
in both the previous cases.

Indeed, the quality of judicial humility is fundamental to a judge’s
integrity. It goes without saying that every judge (especially an appellate
judge) will naturally be open to consider new arguments which may lead the
judge to reconsider a previously taken view of the law. After all, judges aim
to do justice in every case before the courts. To the extent that the
applicant seeks to imply otherwise in this application, we soundly reject it
in its entirety.

30 Similarly, in Astro Nusantara International BV and others v PT Ayunda Prima
Mitra and others [2013] 1 SLR 636 (“Astro (HC)”) at [120], I expressed the
obiter view that the three-month time limit in Art 34(3) of the UNCITRAL Model
Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“Model Law”) did not apply to a
setting-aside application on the basis of fraud under s 24 of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”). Subsequently,
in Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc and another v Global Gaming Philippines
LLC and another [2021] 3 SLR 725 at [40], I reconsidered my obiter view
expressed in Astro (HC) and was persuaded by new arguments by counsel to come
to the opposite conclusion that an application to set aside an arbitral award
under s 24 of the IAA would still be subject to the three-month time limit in
Art 34(3) of the Model Law.

31 In our judgment, a fair-minded reasonable observer would not reasonably
suspect or apprehend that there would be bias on the Judge’s part and/or that
the Judge would reach a final and conclusive decision on AD/CA 102 before
being made aware of all relevant evidence and arguments which the parties wish
to put before him such that he would approach the matter at hand with a closed
mind.

Conclusion

32 For the foregoing reasons, we dismiss SUM 6 in full. As for the costs of
SUM 6, we order the applicant to pay the respondent $5,000 (all-in). To be
clear, the hearing of AD/CA 102 will take place as scheduled.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
|  
  
Carolyn Tan Beng Hui and Kevin Leong (Tan & Au LLP) for the applicant;

Ang Tze Phern and Shaun Ou Wai Hung (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Mar 2022 (09:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

