Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 234

Suit No 56 of 2021

Between

| Medica Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Chabtini Elias Georges  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Trusts — Express trusts — Certainties — Intention to create trust]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Medica Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Chabtini Elias Georges

[2022] SGHC 234

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 56 of 2021  
Valerie Thean J  
4–7 April, 9 May 2022, 18 July 2022.

28 September 2022

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Medica Singapore Pte Ltd (“Medica SG”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore. The defendant, Mr Chabtini Elias Georges (“Mr
Chabtini”), holds 48% of the shares in Medica SG and was formerly one of its
directors. Its majority shareholder, Ms Virginia Seow (“Ms Seow”) holds 52% of
the shares and is at present Medica SG’s sole director. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ms Virginia Seow’s AEIC (“VS AEIC”) at paras 1–3.

Medica SG brought an action against Mr Chabtini in this suit regarding his
transfer of trade marks registered in its name to EMA Aesthetics Limited
(“EMA”), a company incorporated in Ireland. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Chabtini Elias Georges’ AEIC (“CEG AEIC”) at para 36; VS AEIC at para 6.

Background

2 Medica Group was a group of companies first founded in the United Arab
Emirates by Mr Chabtini and one Ms Tania Akl (“Ms Akl”) between 1998 or 1999
and the early 2000s. It was not disputed that Mr Chabtini was the person
driving the business. Medica SG was incorporated in 2002 as part of a plan to
expand the Medica Group internationally. It was in the business of wholesale
medical equipment for aesthetic and plastic surgery, as well as wholesale
cosmetic and toiletry products. The initial shareholders of Medica SG were Mr
Chabtini and Mr Namir Robert Akl (“Mr Akl”), Ms Akl’s husband. Mr Chabtini
held 60% of the shares and Mr Akl held the remaining 40%. Sometime after
Medica SG’s incorporation, Mr Akl transferred all his shares in Medica SG to
Ms Akl. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

CEG AEIC at paras 4–6; Transcript (6 April 2022), p 5 lines 13–17.

3 Ms Seow, who presently holds 52% of Medica SG, has been employed by Medica
SG since shortly after its incorporation, initially as an
administrative/executive assistant. She was promoted to manager, then general
manager, before being appointed director in 2015, replacing Ms Akl. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

VS AEIC at para 3; CEG AEIC at paras 9–10.

Mr Chabtini and Ms Seow were the only directors at the time this dispute
arose. In 2015, Ms Seow first became a shareholder of Medica SG when Ms Akl
and Mr Chabtini gifted her 8% and 12% shareholding respectively to recognise
her contributions to Medica SG. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

VS AEIC at p 17; CEG AEIC at para 9,

Thereafter, Mr Chabtini held 48% of the shares, while Ms Akl held 32% and Ms
Seow held 20%. After the dispute arose, Ms Akl sold her shares to Ms Seow. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

VS AEIC at para 3.

4 As part of Mr Chabtini’s and Ms Akl’s expansion plans for the group of
companies, SRS International S.P.R.L (“SRSI”) was incorporated in Belgium and
SRS-Solution Pte Ltd (“SRSPL”) was incorporated in Singapore in 2008. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CEG AEIC at paras 5–7; Transcript (6 April 2022), p 2 lines 28–30.

Both SRSI and SRSPL were owned by Mr Chabtini and Ms Akl in proportions of 60%
and 40% respectively. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CEG AEIC at para 7.

In October 2018, Ms Akl transferred her shares in both companies to Mr
Chabtini. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CEG AEIC at para 32.

5 The mark in contention between parties, which I shall refer to as the “SRS
Mark”, was registered in Singapore in Medica SG’s name on 9 June 2006. It was
renewed on 18 December 2015 and is registered until June 2026 in class 3 for
cosmetics, skin moisturisers, skin lotions, protective and anti-ageing creams
for the face and body, face masks and oils. “SRS” is an abbreviation of “Skin
Rejuvenation Solution”, the name for a line of cosmetic products conceived
sometime between the incorporation of Medica SG in 2002 and the registration
of the SRS Mark in 2006. This mark was also registered in various countries
including Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Hong Kong and Taiwan and registered
globally through the Madrid Protocol. The SRS Mark bears the letters “srs”
(with the last “s” in reverse) and the words “Skin Rejuvenation Solution”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

VS AEIC at para 18 and pp 14 and 16; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para
2.

6 On 30 November 2015, a second trade mark was registered in Singapore in
Medica SG’s name (the “Second Mark”), also in class 3. Like the SRS Mark, it
bears the letters “srs” (with the last “s” in reverse) and the words “Skin
Rejuvenation Solution”. The design, however, is different. The Second Mark
expires on 30 November 2025. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

VS AEIC at p 15.

I will refer to the SRS Mark and the Second Mark collectively as “the Marks”.

7 In 2019, the sales revenue for products which bore the Marks amounted to
$281,209.22. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

VS AEIC at para 18.

8 In early 2019, EMA was incorporated in Ireland 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CEG AEIC at para 36.

to merge various brands, including SRSI but not including Medica SG. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CEG AEIC at para 36.

Mr Chabtini is one of five directors of EMA. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript (6 April 2022), p 24 lines 21–24.

9 In June 2020, Mr Chabtini applied to the Intellectual Property Office of
Singapore (“IPOS”) to register in Singapore a transfer of ownership of the
Second Mark to EMA. He also transferred the SRS Mark registered in Medica SG’s
name in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Thailand and Taiwan to EMA. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC”) at para 7; VS AEIC at para 6.

10 As a result of Mr Chabtini’s actions in Singapore, Medica SG received a
letter from IPOS stating that a request for transfer of the Second Mark had
been made and asking if Medica SG had any objection to this. On 26 June 2020
at 1.31pm, Ms Seow sent an e-mail to IPOS informing them that the transfer was
unauthorised. On the same day at 2.43pm, Mr Chabtini sent an e-mail to IPOS
stating that any previous e-mail received should be ignored because he was
owner and director of Medica SG, and instructing IPOS to authorise any
transfer. The Second Mark remains registered in Medica SG’s name in Singapore.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

VS AEIC at paras 11–13 and pp 25–28.

Ms Seow subsequently discovered that registration transfers had been effected
in Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Hong Kong and Taiwan for the SRS Mark.
Medica SG was able to reverse these transfers save for those in Indonesia and
Taiwan. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript (4 April 2022), p 27 lines 5–13.

11 Ms Seow and Ms Akl decided to remove Mr Chabtini as director of Medica SG,
and did so at an extraordinary general meeting on 19 October 2020. Mr Chabtini
did not attend, and a resolution was passed removing him as director with
immediate effect. Mr Chabtini initially disputed the validity of this
extraordinary general meeting. Five days later, however, on 24 October 2020,
he resigned as a director of Medica SG. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

VS AEIC at pp 41–51.

12 On 15 January 2021, Medica SG commenced this suit, seeking: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim dated 15 January 2021 at p 6.

(a) a declaration that Medica SG was the rightful owner of the Marks (“Prayer
(a)”);

(b) an order that Mr Chabtini take immediate steps to transfer the SRS Mark in
Hong Kong, Indonesia, Taiwan and Thailand to Medica SG;

(c) damages for the wrongful transfer;

(d) damages for loss of profits; and

(e) interest, costs and further and/or other relief.

13 Mr Chabtini responded with a counterclaim for outstanding salary and other
debt from Medica SG. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence and Counterclaim dated 21 June 2021 at p 10.

Shortly before trial, Medica SG admitted to the counterclaim and paid the full
sum of $49,000 into court. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript (4 April 2022), p 20 lines 19–22.

14 Mr Chabtini’s defence was based on his allegation that SRSI was the
beneficial owner of the Marks. But neither SRSI, nor EMA, who presently held
some of the SRS Marks, were joined as parties. Prayer (a) was therefore
abandoned on the first day of trial. Further, Medica SG only sought the return
of the SRS Mark in Indonesia and Taiwan because it had successfully reversed
the transfers of the SRS Mark in Hong Kong and Thailand by the time of trial.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 16.

Various contentions relating to Mr Chabtini’s actions as a director and
related prayers seeking other damages were also withdrawn in the course of
trial. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript (4 April 2022), p 10 line 16 to p 11 line 14.

That which remained was a claim premised on Medica SG’s ownership of the Marks
and for $5,850.90 for the costs incurred in reversing the transfers that
Medica SG was able to reverse. No remedy was sought in respect of the Second
Mark (as IPOS had not effected the transfer in the light of Medica SG’s
protest). In the result, the prayers for remedies relevant were the following:
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript (4 April 2022), p 26 line 25 to p 27 line 13.

(a) damages in the sum of $5,850.90; and

(b) an order that Mr Chabtini take steps to transfer the SRS Mark in Indonesia
and Taiwan to Medica SG.

15 These two prayers were granted on 9 May 2022, together with interest at
5.33% from the date of the writ. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

HC/JUD 230/2022.

Mr Chabtini has appealed, and I furnish my reasons for the decision.

Issue in dispute

16 Medica SG’s case rested on the fact that the Marks were registered in its
name. When Mr Chabtini arranged for a change of registered owner in various
countries, he did so in breach of his fiduciary duties as director of Medica
SG. As such, he was liable to take steps to return the SRS Marks that he had
wrongly transferred, and to compensate Medica SG for its expenses incurred in
recovering them. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PS paras 1–7.

17 Mr Chabtini’s defence was that the Marks were at all material times
beneficially owned by SRSI, which he stated in his affidavit of evidence in
chief as having been incorporated in 2004. The “Skin Rejuvenation Solution”
brand and trade mark was created by Mr Chabtini and his team in the 2000s. As
there were challenges registering the SRS Mark in SRSI’s name at the time of
its registration in 2006, it was understood and agreed between Mr Chabtini and
Ms Akl that the SRS Mark was to be registered in Medica SG’s name instead, and
held by Medica SG on behalf of SRSI. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 5; CEG AEIC at para 17.

In 2019, EMA acquired SRSI’s rights in the SRS Mark. Therefore, when Mr
Chabtini transferred the SRS Mark to EMA, he was entitled to do so as it
belonged to EMA. Mr Chabtini accepted that if it was found that no trust
existed over the SRS Mark in favour of SRSI, his transfer of the SRS Mark to
EMA was a breach of his fiduciary duties. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript (9 May 2022), pp 1–2; Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DS”) at
paras 100–101.

18 The sole issue for my determination was therefore whether the SRS Mark was
held on trust by Medica SG for SRSI. The principles governing whether an
express trust had arisen were undisputed. In Guy Neale and others v Nine
Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 (“Guy Neale”), the Court of Appeal held at
[50] that an express trust is created by the actual intention of the settlor,
as expressed by his use of the word “trust” in a relevant instrument, or
inferred from his words or conduct. Three certainties must be present for the
creation of an express trust: certainty of intention, certainty of subject
matter, and certainty of the objects of the trust: Guy Neale at [51]. This
dispute centred on the requirement of certainty of intention. The subject
matter of the purported trust was the SRS Mark, and the alleged object was
SRSI.

Was the SRS Mark held on trust for SRSI?

19 Certainty of intention requires proof that the settlor intended to create a
trust. Express trusts may be created by an informal declaration or inferred
from the acts of the settlor or the circumstances of the case: Guy Neale at
[53]. Nevertheless, there must be clear evidence of a specific intention to
create a trust: Guy Neale at [52]. To prove only an intention that property be
used for another’s benefit, or be subject to some obligations, would be
insufficient. This was explained in The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR
(also known as Jugoimport-SDPR) v Westacre Investments Inc and other appeals
[2016] 5 SLR 372 at [55]:

… certainty of intention … requires clear evidence of an intention on the part
of the alleged settlor to create a trust and to subject the trust property to
trust obligations, as opposed to creating any other form of binding legal
relationship (for example, a contractual relationship). The intention of the
alleged settlor must be to dispose of the property so that somebody else to
the exclusion of the disponent acquires the beneficial interest in the
property…

[emphasis added]

20 Mr Chabtini advanced two broad contentions in support of this first
certainty. The first was that an express trust had been created by an
agreement between Ms Akl and himself. He gave evidence of a conversation with
Ms Akl, and also advanced facts from which it was contended a trust could be
inferred. His alternative argument was that, even if there was no agreement
between him and Ms Akl to create a trust, his intention alone was sufficient
because it could be attributed to Medica SG.

Attribution

21 I deal with the argument on attribution first because it was wholly
inapplicable. In support of his submission that his intention alone was
sufficient to create a trust on behalf of Medica SG, Mr Chabtini relied on Ong
Bee Chew v Ong Shu Lin [2019] 3 SLR 132, where the court held at [140] that:
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DS at para 28.

The principles by which the acts of a natural person will be attributed to a
company are well settled. They are derived from Lord Hoffmann’s analysis in
the decision of the Privy Council in Meridian Global Funds Management Asia Ltd
v Securities Commission [1995] 2 AC 500 (“Meridian”). Lord Hoffmann grouped
the rules of attribution into three sets. The first set comprises the primary
rules of attribution which are found in the company’s constitution or implied
by company law which deem certain acts by certain natural persons to be the
acts of the company (at 506D). The second set comprises the general rules of
attribution by which a natural person may have the acts of another attributed
to him, ie, the principles of agency; and by which a natural person may be
held liable for the acts of another, such as estoppel, ostensible authority
and vicarious liability (at 506F). The third and final set comprises special
rules of attribution which the court must fashion in exceptional cases where
applying the first or second set of principles would defeat the policy
underlying a particular provision of the substantive law as it was intended to
apply to a company (at 507D–F). Lord Hoffmann’s analysis was endorsed by the
Court of Appeal in Ho Kang Peng ([78] supra) at [47]–[48].

Mr Chabtini argued that “under the general rules of attribution by which a
natural person may have the acts of another attributed to him … [Mr Chabtini]
in his capacity as a director and agent of the company can create the trust
arrangement over the [SRS Mark].” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DS at para 47.

22 There were two fundamental issues that his arguments did not address.
First, an express trust is created by an expression of an intention, not an
intention alone. Second, Mr Chabtini had not identified any basis for his
intention to be attributed to Medica SG. Article 110 of Medica SG’s articles
of association provides that the management of its business vested in the
directors. Article 103 provides that unless otherwise specified, the quorum
necessary for the transaction of the business of the directors would be two,
and that a meeting of the directors at which a quorum is present would be
competent to exercise all the powers and discretions exercisable by the
directors. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

CEG AEIC at pp 72–73.

In the absence of any other evidence on the point, it was clear that the
authority to enter into business transactions such as the purported trust
arrangement lay with both directors jointly. To establish the existence of the
trust, Mr Chabtini therefore had to show that the collective intention of
Medica SG’s directors at the time (himself and Ms Akl) was to create a trust
over the SRS Mark in favour of SRSI. His personal intention to create a trust
was not sufficient.

23 Mr Chabtini’s assumption was that because he was the founding shareholder
and director of Medica SG and its early driving force, his intention was
Medica SG’s intention. It is a fundamental principle of company law that a
company possesses a legal personality distinct from its shareholders. Mr
Chabtini’s assumption ignored this principle. In Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra and
others v Salgaocar Anil Vassudeva and others [2018] 5 SLR 689 (“Jhaveri Darsan
Jitendra”), Kannan Ramesh J considered such a case of insider reverse piercing
of the corporate veil, which is where a shareholder or corporate insider asks
the court to disregard the separate legal personality of the company. Ramesh J
held that insider reverse piercing had no basis in authority as a matter of
Singapore law. For reasons that I agree with, Ramesh J held that insider
reverse piercing was contrary to principle. It would, amongst other things,
allow a shareholder or corporate insider to enjoy the benefits that flowed
from the legal personality of a company without any of its disadvantages:
Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra at [50] and [71]–[75].

Was a trust created?

24 I come then to the evidence regarding Mr Chabtini’s contention that Medica
SG created a trust. It was not disputed that there was no documentary evidence
or correspondence which referred to an agreement that the SRS Mark was to be
held on trust by Medica SG for SRSI. Mr Chabtini’s case was that the express
trust arose out of an oral agreement with Ms Akl. He also contended that
surrounding circumstances raised an inference that Medica SG intended to
create a trust.

Was there an oral agreement?

25 Mr Chabtini’s testimony about the oral agreement was vague. He explained
that because he and Ms Akl were the only shareholders of Medica SG and SRSI at
the material time, and given the way in which they had conducted the business,
he was “unable to recall the entire specifics” of the agreement. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

CEG AEIC at para 18.

At trial, he was unable to elaborate how, as claimed, “[i]t was understood and
agreed” between Ms Akl and himself that this trust arrangement would arise. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

CEG AEIC at para 17.

The most he could point to was that “there were multiple conversations with
[Ms Akl] in Dubai, Lebanon and/or Paris”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

CEG AEIC at para 18.

He also explained that the agreement was reached because of the challenges
faced with registering the SRS Mark in SRSI’s name. Out of convenience, it was
agreed that the SRS Mark would be registered in Medica SG’s name but held on
trust for SRSI. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

CEG AEIC at para 17.

26 Ms Akl was clear there had been no agreement. She testified that there had
been no conversation at any point in time about the creation of the SRS Mark
or that it was to be registered in Medica SG’s name only for convenience. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Tania Akl’s AEIC (“TA AEIC”) at para 3.

Ms Akl was not cross-examined on her denial that any agreement between herself
and Mr Chabtini was reached. In fact, Ms Akl testified that she had only heard
about the SRS Mark in 2020. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript (5 April 2022), p 55 lines 5–11 and p 59 lines 14–18.

This was also unchallenged.

27 Ms Akl’s evidence that there was no conversation concerning the SRS Mark
was credible and I accepted her version of events. Ms Akl’s evidence was
consistent with Mr Chabtini’s own evidence that she was not involved in the
business matters of the Medica Group companies generally and was akin to a
sleeping partner. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

CEG AEIC at para 6.

28 Further, Mr Chabtini’s evidence was completely undermined by his acceptance
of the fact that SRSI was only incorporated in 2008, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript (6 April 2022), p 2 lines 28–30.

after the SRS Mark was registered. Mr Chabtini initially maintained in his
affidavit of evidence in chief that SRSI was incorporated in 2004, and this
was key to his explanation that the agreement arose out of the difficulties
with registering the SRS Mark in SRSI’s name prior to its registration in
Medica SG’s name. SRSI’s incorporation in 2008 meant that his foundational
explanation could not have been true. SRSI did not exist at the time.

29 When clarifying his error regarding SRSI’s incorporation date, Mr Chabtini
gave the following evidence: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript (6 April 2022), p 4 lines 5–7.

… But at all times, the trademark that was initially said to be---to be---to
---to have been registered in 2006 under Medica Singapore was for it to be
transferred to [SRSI]. [emphasis added]

This explanation only served to emphasise his confusion. SRSI was not yet
incorporated in 2006 and therefore there could not have been any intention to
transfer the SRS Mark to it. Nor did Mr Chabtini give any evidence that his
intention at the time of the registration in 2006 was to create another
vehicle in the future. The intention to transfer the SRS Mark to SRSI was in
fact his own, and it arose after SRSI’s incorporation in 2008. This made his
trust contention wholly unsustainable.

30 Indeed, two later events emphasise the absence of intention to create a
trust in favour of SRSI, even after SRSI’s incorporation. First, the
registration of the Second Mark on 30 November 2015 in Singapore was in Medica
SG’s name, seven years after SRSI’s incorporation. There was, similarly, no
trust documentation in favour of SRSI for this similar mark. Secondly, Ms Seow
was asked by Ms Eline Nehme to renew the SRS Mark on 28 June 2016 with the
instruction, “(f)urther to the latest information received from [Mr Chabtini]
last week, he confirmed that for the time being he wants Singapore to remain
the owner of the SRS Brand Trademark”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB 134.

Did surrounding events suggest that Medica SG intended to create a trust?

31 The focus of Mr Chabtini’s case was that the events preceding and following
the registration of the SRS Mark showed that SRSI must have been the
beneficial owner of it. Broadly, these arguments can be categorised into three
main heads:

(a) Mr Chabtini constantly expressed an intention to transfer the SRS Mark to
SRSI.

(b) Mr Chabtini was responsible for creating the SRS Mark.

(c) The external communications by SRSI showed that it was the beneficial
owner of the SRS Mark.

I deal with each head in turn.

(1) Mr Chabtini’s intention to transfer the SRS Mark

32 Mr Chabtini argued that it was his and Ms Akl’s clear and consistent
intention to transfer the SRS Mark from Medica SG to SRSI. However, this
intended transfer ultimately never happened. This was because it was a
cumbersome process and Mr Chabtini faced various challenges in effecting the
transfer, such as problems with manpower, problems with resources and the
incompetence of the personnel with whom he had tasked the transfer. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DS at para 40; CEG AEIC at para 22.

Ms Maya El Sokhn testified that she recalled at least one occasion in 2017
that it was mentioned that the Marks were to be transferred to SRSI. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Maya Sokhn’s AEIC (“MS AEIC”) at para 15; DS at para 40.2.

Mr Chabtini also cited some internal correspondence in which Medica SG
employees discussed the intended transfer of the Marks to SRSI. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

CEG AEIC at para 27.

33 Nevertheless, an intention to transfer the SRS Mark, without more, did not
suggest that the SRS Mark was held on trust for SRSI. Quite to the contrary.
If the SRS Mark was already beneficially owned by SRSI, there would be no need
to transfer it to SRSI unless SRSI needed to be its legal or registered owner
as well. However, the evidence did not suggest that there was such a need nor
did it disclose any expression of that intention. Mr Chabtini testified that
he incorporated SRSPL in Singapore because he considered that it might be more
convenient for the transfer to be made to a Singapore entity instead of SRSI
(a Belgian entity). He instructed employees of Medica SG to make the transfers
of the Marks to SRSPL, but again this did not materialise. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

CEG AEIC at paras 25–26.

If the true motivation for the transfers was to end any trust arrangement or
to make SRSI the legal and registered owner of the SRS Mark, such a transfer
to SRSPL would not solve the problem. The fact that Mr Chabtini considered a
transfer to SRSPL to be a viable alternative showed that the intended
transfers were really to make SRSI or SRSPL acquire the ownership of the SRS
Mark. This accorded with Mr Chabtini’s evidence that the transfer of the SRS
Mark to SRSI in the future was always intended (see [29] above). This meant
that the beneficial interest in the SRS Mark could not have been SRSI’s to
begin with.

34 It was also argued that Ms Akl and later Ms Seow were silent in the face of
his oft-expressed intention to transfer the SRS Mark, and therefore they had
acquiesced to the trust arrangement. There were two problems with this
argument. First, mere silence in these circumstances did not amount to
acquiescence. At no point did either of them indicate concurrence with any
trust arrangement. Nor was there an occasion prior to the transfer of the SRS
Mark where either of them was silent in response to an explicit suggestion
that the SRS Mark was, or was to be, held on trust. Secondly, this argument
did not address the fundamental deficiency in Mr Chabtini’s case. The evidence
did not suggest any intention to create a trust at the point of the SRS Mark’s
registration, even on his part alone. There was nothing for Ms Akl or Ms Seow
to acquiesce to. The internal documents exhibited showed instead confusion on
the part of Mr Chabtini and his EMA staff regarding ownership of the mark. An
internal email chain around 2 December 2019, for example, revealed that Mr
Chabtini was under the mistaken impression that the SRS Mark had been
transferred to SRSI previously. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB 214-7.

(2) Creation of trade mark

35 According to Mr Chabtini, he created and developed the “Skin Rejuvenation
Solution” brand and trade mark with his team. He chose the name, incorporated
the companies bearing the SRS name, and developed the brand. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

CEG AEIC at para 13.

Medica SG’s case was that, to the contrary, it was their team of employees
that had come up with the words “Skin Rejuvenation Solution” and the logo
contained in the SRS Mark. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript (4 April 2022), p 46 line 30 to p 47 line 14.

36 Mr Chabtini’s closing written submissions conceded that the issue of who
created the SRS Mark was a red herring (albeit on the footing that what was
important was his sole decision to create a trust, which argument I have dealt
with and rejected at [21]–[23]). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DS at para 87.

The issue was a red herring because, regardless of who created the SRS Mark,
all that mattered was Medica SG’s intention regarding its ownership at the
time of registration. On the evidence, it was clear that the SRS Mark was
created as a corporate asset of Medica SG and registered as such.

(3) Communications with external parties

37 Mr Chabtini produced three documents which he argued showed that third
parties were dealt with on the basis that a trust existed over the SRS Mark.
However, these documents did not help his case. First, these were documents of
SRSI, rather than Medica SG. Second, for reasons below, their content did not
suggest that SRSI was the beneficial owner of the SRS Mark.

(A) Letter of approval

38 Mr Chabtini produced a letter from SRSI, signed and stamped by them, dated
1 January 2009, which said the following: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB 68.

This is to certify that Medica Singapore Pte Ltd … is our sole exclusive agent
for countries stated below and is authorized to sell our range of products:
SRS & Estelan

• Middle East

• GCC

• Asia

This Agreement is commenced from 1st January 2009 and will be renewed
automatically every year unless either party gives at least two (2) months
prior written notice before the end of each period to terminate this sole
exclusive agency for unsuccessful reasons.

39 I did not find that this letter assisted Mr Chabtini. First, there was no
specific reference to the SRS Mark. Rather, the letter was concerned with who
was “authorised to sell [SRSI’s] range of products”. This was a separate issue
from the issue of the ownership of the SRS Mark. Mr Chabtini submitted that
this letter represented that it was SRSI who was the principal and the
ultimate owner of the SRS range of products and that it was “only logical”
that SRSI was therefore the rightful owner of the Marks. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DS at para 63.

In my view, the logical premise was incorrect. Medica SG’s ownership of the
SRS Mark could exist and complement SRSI’s positioning of itself as
responsible for the SRS brand.

40 More fundamentally, because this letter did not even refer to the SRS Mark,
it was silent on the issue of the SRS Mark’s beneficial ownership.

(B) SRS brand catalogue

41 Second, Mr Chabtini relied on a brand catalogue which bore the Second Mark.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB 61.

Immediately below the Second Mark was SRSI’s name. Mr Chabtini argued that it
was thus communicated to the viewer of the catalogue that the listed products
sold under the Second Mark belonged to SRSI. This, in turn, communicated to
external parties that SRSI was the true owner of the Second Mark.

42 In my view, this argument was flawed. First, the catalogue did not bear the
SRS Mark, which was the mark in respect of which the remedies were sought in
this suit. Second, the fact that SRSI’s name was below the Second Mark did not
suggest to a viewer that SRSI owned the Second Mark. All it suggested was that
SRSI was entitled to use the Second Mark. Nor was a brand catalogue a cogent
piece of evidence. Rather than a brand catalogue, what would generally be used
by an external party to determine ownership of a trade mark would be the IPOS
register, which would reveal that the Marks were owned by Medica SG.

(C) The Indonesian Letter of Appointment

43 Finally, Mr Chabtini produced a letter which listed various SRS products.
The relevant portions of the letter read as follows: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB 176.

  
  

LETTER OF APPOINTMENT AS SOLE DISTRIBUTOR

Date:

To Whom It May Concern:

We, [SRSI], the owner of the following products … hereby appoint PTLA MEDICA …
as our sole distributor for the following products:

…

Putting aside the fact that this letter was of little use because it was
unsigned and undated, it still did not assist Mr Chabtini. Again, it made no
reference to the ownership of the SRS Mark. Contrary to what Mr Chabtini
suggested, the fact that this letter stated that SRSI was the “owner” of the
various listed SRS products was not inconsistent with Medica SG owning the SRS
Mark. Medica SG and SRSI were part of the same group of companies. It could
well have been the case that Medica SG owned the SRS Mark, while SRSI was
regarded by the group as the owner of the products.

Whether an express trust was created

44 The evidence proved the contrary of what Mr Chabtini alleged. There was no
oral agreement between Ms Akl and himself; neither could his own personal
intention be sufficient to create a trust. In fact, the evidence did not even
suggest that he had such a personal intention. The surrounding circumstances
did not indicate that SRSI was the beneficial owner of the SRS Mark.

Conclusion

45 The SRS Mark was not held on trust by Medica SG in favour of SRSI. Neither
could Mr Chabtini’s intention be attributed to the company, which had a
separate legal personality. Mr Chabtini was responsible to take steps for the
registration of the SRS Mark to be transferred back to Medica SG’s name in
Taiwan and Indonesia and to compensate Medica SG in the sum of $5,850.90,
being the cost of the transfers that Medica SG was able to reverse on its own.

46 I dealt with costs of the suit on 18 July 2022. Medica SG had sent Mr
Chabtini a Calderbank letter. The remedies obtained by Medica SG, however,
were not better than those suggested by their Calderbank letter when the
letter was construed strictly. This was because the prayer for a declaration
that Medica SG was the legal and beneficial owner of the Marks (ie, Prayer
(a)) had been withdrawn at trial. Thus, I did not take Medica SG’s letter into
account on the issue of costs. Mr Chabtini, on his part, had issued both an
offer to settle pursuant to O 22A r 9(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“OTS”) and a Calderbank letter. Nevertheless, neither was
applicable to change the usual basis for costs. The OTS required Ms Seow to
withdraw a separate suit in the State Courts, which was still ongoing at the
time of the costs hearing. The Calderbank letter required Medica SG to change
its name and give up its rights in countries aside from Singapore, Taiwan and
Indonesia. Therefore, costs of the claim were awarded to Medica SG on the
standard basis.

47 In deciding the issue of quantum, I took into consideration that some
claims that were abandoned at trial should have been withdrawn by Medica SG
much earlier if the appropriate research had been done and if so, due
consideration should have been given as to whether the matter ought to have
been transferred to the State Courts. Medica SG was awarded $25,000 for the
suit. In addition, $4,000 was awarded for various interlocutory applications
for which costs were previously ordered to be in the cause. Costs of obtaining
judgment on the counterclaim was awarded to Mr Chabtini at $2,000. These
orders excluded disbursements, which were separately agreed between the
parties.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Andrew John Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the plaintiff;

Suang Wijaya (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Sep 2022 (09:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

