Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION of

  

the HIGH COURT OF THE republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 42

Originating Summons No 844 of 2021

Between

Gunasegarn s/o Sinniah  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Singapore Indhia Kalaingyar Sangam (Singapore Indian Artistes’ Association)  
---  
  
… Defendant

Originating Summons No 1114 of 2021

Between

Rajasekaran s/o K S Maniyam  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Singapore Indhia Kalaingyar Sangam (Singapore Indian Artistes’ Association)  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Unincorporated Associations and Trade Unions — friendly societies —
membership — expulsion]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Gunasegarn s/o Sinniah

  
v

  

Singapore Indhia Kalaingyar Sangam

  

(Singapore Indian Artistes’ Association) and another matter

[2022] SGHC 42

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 844 and 1114 of
2021)  
Choo Han Teck J  
16 February 2022

28 February 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The defendant is a society set up in August 1970 by a group of Indian
artistes with the objective of uniting Indian drama, dance, music, and other
artistes in Singapore to raise cultural, artistic and social standards. The
defendant is governed by its Rules and Regulations, which, I am told by
counsel, operate as the society’s constitution (“the Constitution”).

2 The plaintiffs in Originating Summonses Nos 844 and 1114 of 2021 were
members of the defendant. They were both expelled by the defendant’s
Management Committee (“MC”) on 9 June 2021 and 23 July 2020 respectively. Both
plaintiffs are seeking a declaration that the defendant’s decision to expel
them is null and void, and for an order that the defendant restores them as
members of the defendant. The circumstances leading to their expulsion are
similar.

3 Mr Gunasegarn, the plaintiff in Originating Summons No 844 of 2021, says
that he had been a member of the defendant since 1984 and also served as the
Secretary of the MC in 2015. In early 2015, Mr Gunasegarn approached a veteran
artist, Mr Jayasambok, to ask him if he would like to join the defendant. Mr
Jayasambok agreed, filled out the defendant’s application form, and made
payment of the sum of $105 to Mr Gunasegarn, which comprised of an “entrance
fee” of $5 and Life Member fees of $100.

4 Mr Gunasegarn says that on or about May 2015, during an MC meeting, he
handed the membership fees of $105 to the President of the defendant at that
time, Mr Re Somasundram. In June 2015, Mr Gunasegarn relinquished his position
as the Secretary and MC member. He assumed that the defendant would follow up
with Mr Jayasambok’s application.

5 On 13 September 2020, Mr Gunasegarn received an email from the new secretary
of the defendant in which he was told that Mr Jayasombok’s membership could
not be confirmed. Mr Gunasegarn sought clarification from the defendant and
explained that he handed Mr Jayasombok’s application form and membership fees
to Mr Re Somasundram in 2015. Mr R Somasundram denies receiving any form or
money from Mr Gunasegarn. The minutes of the MC meeting in 2015 do not support
Mr Gunasegarn’s account.

6 The defendant takes the view that Mr Gunasegarn’s purported recruitment of
Mr Jayasambok was in breach of Rule 4(iii) and Rule 5(i) of the defendant’s
Constitution —

(a) Rule 4(iii) of the defendant’s Constitution provides that “[e]very
applicant for membership shall be proposed and seconded by two existing Life
or Ordinary members in the prescribed form”. There were no proposers or
seconders for Mr Jayasambok’s application.

(b) Rule 5(i) of the defendant’s Constitution provides that “[a]n entrance fee
of $5/- shall be payable within two weeks of election to membership”. The
defendant says that this means that memberships were only required after the
application was approved by the MC. By collecting Mr Jayasambok’s membership
fees before he was admitted as a member by the MC, the defendant says that Mr
Gunasegarn contravened the Constitution and put the defendant’s reputation at
stake in not accounting for Mr Jayasambok’s membership fees.

On those grounds, the defendant sent Mr Gunasegarn a letter on 9 June 2021
informing him of his expulsion.

7 Mr Rajasekaran, the plaintiff in Originating Summons No 1114 of 2021, was
expelled for similar reasons. Mr Rajasekaran also claims to be a member of the
defendant since 1984, serving on numerous MCs from 1986 to 2000 and as the
President of the defendant from 2012 to 2014. Thereafter, Mr Rajasekaran
served as an Advisor from 2014 until he was expelled in 2020.

8 For the period of 2018 to 2020, the defendant’s elected President was Mr
Gunaseelen. Mr Rajasekaran says that during this period, Mr Gunaseelen removed
at least 3 members from the MC and replaced them with individuals who were
related to Mr Gunaseelen. Over time, more MC members resigned and their
replacements were appointed by Mr Gunaseelen. Mr Rajasekaran says that many
decisions of the current MC members were questionable and he opposed proposals
that he felt appeared biased. Mr Rajasekaran says that this resulted in him
falling out of favour with Mr Gunaseelen.

9 Sometime in 2020, Mr Rajasekaran approached Ms Kenwyn Kavasgar (“Ms
Kenwyn”), an accountant and art enthusiast, and suggested that she joins the
defendant. Ms Kenwyn agreed and filled in the online application of the
defendant. On 12 February, Mr Gunaseelen followed up with Ms Kenwyn and
confirmed that the defendant will be contacting her to “fulfil membership
protocols soon”. Mr Gunaseelen sent a message in the defendant’s WhatsApp
group to the defendant’s Treasurer, Mr Devadass, informing him that Mr
Rajasekaran and one Ms Rani will be collecting the membership fee from Ms
Kenwyn as a new applicant.

10 However, due to the pandemic, Mr Rajasekaran was not able to meet Ms Kenwyn
until 4 June 2020, on which he collected the sum of $105 from Ms Kenwyn for
membership fees. On the same day, Mr Rajasekaran informed the Treasurer Mr
Devadass that he collected the membership fees for Ms Kenwyn. Mr Devadass told
Mr Rajasekaran that the membership application form had been changed and for
him to hold on and not proceed with the membership recruitment yet, as advised
by the President.

11 Mr Rajasekaran did not want to hold on to the $105 and transferred the sum
to another MC member, Ms Manimala, who said that she knew Ms Kenwyn. However,
on the same night, Ms Manimala transferred the sum of $105 back to Mr
Rajasekaran and told him that she was instructed by the President to return
the money.

12 On 8 June 2020, the defendant emailed Mr Rajasekaran, stating that Mr
Rajasekaran had contravened the defendant’s Constitution by collecting
membership fees from Ms Kenwyn before the MC approved her application and for
falsely representing that Ms Kenwyn’s membership has already been approved.
The defendant requested Mr Rajasekaran to show cause as to why action should
not be taken against him for that.

13 Subsequently, the defendant sent Mr Rajasekaran several more show cause
emails concerning Mr Rajasekaran’s purported recruitment of Ms Kenwyn as well
as another matter concerning Mr Rajasekaran’s allegation that there were
unapproved “ghost members” in the defendant’s WhatsApp chat. On 23 July 2020,
the defendant expelled Mr Rajasekaran and removed him from the defendant’s
WhatsApp chat.

14 Both plaintiffs take the position that their expulsions were wrongful and
in contravention of Rule 9(i) of the defendant’s Constitution. They thus seek
a declaration from this court to annul their expulsion orders. The core
contention in both cases concern the interpretation of Rule 9 of the
defendant’s Constitution, which is reproduced below:

9\. Expulsion:

(i) member whose conduct is found by the Management Committee to be
prejudicial to the interests of the Association shall be informed accordingly
and be requested by the Management Committee to resign or be asked to explain
in writing why he /she should not be expelled. If he/she does not wish to do
so within fourteen days of such request or if his/her explanation is not
satisfactory to the Committee, he/she shall be expelled by a resolution
carried by a majority of 3/4 of the members present.

(ii) member expelled under Rule 9(i) shall have the right to appeal to the
next Annual General Meeting provided that the member so expelled gives notice
of such appeal to the Hon. Secretary in writing within 21 days of his/her
expulsion.

(iii) At the Annual General Meeting, if two-thirds (2/3) of the “voting”
members vote in favour of expelling a member whose appeal has been brought
forward to the meeting, he/she shall be expelled from the Association and no
further appeal will be entertained at any other meetings to change the earlier
decision.

15 The plaintiffs say that the phrase “resolution carried by a majority of 3/4
of the members present” in Rule 9(i) of the defendant’s Constitution refers to
75% of the members present at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the
defendant. On this interpretation, the plaintiffs say that their expulsions
were null and void because no resolution for their expulsions had been passed
at any Annual General Meeting. The plaintiffs further say that even if the
phrase “majority of 3/4 of the members present” refers to the 75% majority at
an MC meeting, there was no resolution passed by the MC to expel them.

16 The defendant’s defence in both cases is that the phrase “3/4 of the
members present” in Rule 9(i) of the defendant’s Constitution refers to 75% of
the members present at an MC meeting. The defendant says that the preceding
sentence “if his/her explanation is not satisfactory to the Committee”
suggests that the resolution to expel must likewise refer to the MC’s
resolution. The defendant also says that the MC has wide discretionary powers
under the Constitution, citing Rule 4(v) which provides for the MC’s power to
refuse membership to any applicant without assigning any reasons, and Rule
5(i) which provides for the MC’s power to cancel membership if the entrance
fee of $5 is not paid. Lastly, Miss Devi, counsel for the defendant, submits
that it would be incongruous if the expulsion of a member requires 75%
majority at an AGM when matters as grave as dissolution only requires the
consent of 60% members under Rule 31. She further argues that it could not
have been contemplated that an erring member could continue as a member,
possibly continuing his misconduct for a whole year until the next AGM, had
his expulsion been made just after the previous AGM. Of course, conversely,
should a member be wrongfully expelled by the MC, it would be harsh for him to
have to wait a full year to appeal to the next AGM.

17 I am inclined to agree with Miss Devi’s interpretation that the 75%
requirement refers to 75% of the MC present and not to 75% of the AGM. But I
agree with Mr Ranjit that the defendant has not shown proof that the expulsion
orders in both cases were passed by resolutions supported by 75% of the MC. On
that basis alone, the expulsion orders ought to be declared invalid and set
aside, and I therefore declare that they be set aside.

18 My order may not solve the entire problems concerning discipline and
membership in the defendant because it is obvious that the Constitution needs
to be revised and more clearly and comprehensively provide for such matters.
Furthermore, there seems to have been an absence of proper hearing in which
the plaintiffs could have presented their side of the case and their evidence
disputing the charges against them.

19 It would be in the interests of the defendant to mediate an amicable
settlement so far as the plaintiffs are concerned if it is to continue its
high social aim of promoting art and artistes. This court is not in a position
to resolve the fundamental problems that gave rise to the two applications.
Justice may not have been complete in this case, but courts cannot always do
justice because they do not have unlimited powers, as they are sometimes
imagined to have. Our work is mainly to decide which side has presented the
more plausible case. We examine what evidence there is, and what evidence is
lacking. The courts cannot confer on parties what they are not entitled to by
law, nor can we cause deprivation to anyone unless permitted by law. And I
certainly cannot rewrite the Constitution for the defendant.

20 The best interpretation may therefore not always achieve a just result. It
is obvious that the Constitution of the defendant is neither clear nor
adequately drawn up. The inherent problem may be insoluble as in this case.
But sometimes a solution can be found outside rules and regulations, outside
the law — and be found, instead, in the idea known as sportsmanship.
Sportsmanship can turn losers into winners, just as poor sportsmanship can
turn winners into losers. Sportsmanship may therefore find justice in places
that the law cannot reach. This case may still have a happy ending if the
parties can accept that the rules have not been clearly drafted, and work
together to have a clearer set of rules. Membership fights such as this run
against the spirit of social and cultural societies such as the defendant.

21 Towards that end, I direct that each party is to pay its own costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Singh Ranjit and Ravleen Kaur Khaira (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the plaintiffs;  
Haridas Vasantha Devi (Silver International Chambers LLC) for the defendant

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Feb 2022 (11:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

