Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 35

Originating Summons No 1261 of 2021

In the matter of Section 71 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)  
---  
  
Brightoil Petroleum (S’pore) Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Companies — Schemes of arrangement — Section 71 of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018]

[Companies — Schemes of arrangement — Classification of scheme creditors —
Lock-up agreements]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Brightoil Petroleum (S’pore) Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 35

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1261 of 2021  
Aedit Abdullah J  
25 January 2022

18 February 2022

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 These are my written grounds issued to provide guidance regarding the
court’s reasoning in approving an uncontested scheme of arrangement where no
meeting of creditors was held pursuant to s 71 of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018) (“IRDA”) in respect of
Brightoil Petroleum (S’pore) Pte Ltd (“BPS”). I granted the application and
now set out my reasons in full.

2 The present case is one of the first written considerations of a lock-up
agreement. Under such agreements, a scheme company undergoing restructuring
invites creditors to provide an undertaking to vote in favour of the proposed
scheme of arrangement in exchange for certain benefits. The benefits usually
come in the form of consent fees which are often fixed by reference to a
percentage of the face value of the debt held by the creditor. These benefits
act as an incentive for scheme creditors to commit to the proposal at an early
stage, thereby ensuring that the scheme will not fail subsequently.

3 It has not been considered in a published decision in Singapore whether
creditors who enter into such lock-up agreements should be placed in a
separate class from the other creditors for the purpose of voting on a scheme
of arrangement, ie, whether these lock-up agreements would “fracture” a class
of creditors.

Brief background

4 BPS is a Singapore-incorporated private company that is limited by shares.
The company’s principal activities lie in international trading and bunkering.
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ng Chin Hock’s 1st Affidavit filed on 10 December 2021, in HC/OS 1261/2021
(“Ng’s 1st Affidavit”), at para 6.

BPS is one of the indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Brightoil Petroleum
(Holdings) Limited (“BOHL”), which in turn, is a company listed on the stock
exchange of Hong Kong. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 7.

5 BOHL encountered financial difficulties arising from the voluntary
suspension in the trading of its shares on the stock exchange due to delays in
the publication of its consolidated financial results. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 8.

This led to finance institutions tightening the credit terms, which in turn,
caused BPS to be unable to secure financing to support its trading activities.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 9.

BPS has been unable to continue its operations since 2019.

6 BOHL together with its other 90-plus direct and indirect subsidiaries
(collectively, the “Brightoil Group”) had embarked on a complex debt
restructuring exercise in November 2018. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 10.

To support the Brightoil Group’s debt restructuring, BPS applied for and
obtained moratorium protection under s 211B of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) (“CA”) to restrain legal proceedings against it. BOHL also applied for
and obtained moratorium protection under s 211C of the CA. These moratoria had
been extended multiple times by court orders until 31 January 2022. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at paras 11–12.

At the hearing on 25 January 2022, I heard the applications and granted a
further extension of these moratoria for BPS and BOHL, respectively, in HC/OS
1539/2018 (HC/SUM 5726/2021) and HC/OS 134/2019 (HC/SUM 5727/2021). These
extensions were sought to cover the period from the expiry of the moratoria to
the date on which the court order sanctioning the scheme is lodged with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.

7 BPS was able to successfully resolve a significant portion of its
liabilities totalling more than US$390 million. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 15.

The scheme of arrangement proposed (the “BPS Scheme”), which is the subject of
HC/OS 1261/2021, is the penultimate step in restructuring the remaining debts
due by BPS to its unsecured creditors. The key terms of the BPS Scheme are as
follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 17.

(a) The BPS Scheme is intended to bind all creditors of BPS as of 31 July
2021, save for certain categories of excluded creditors as defined in the BPS
Scheme (the “Scheme Creditors”).

(b) The BPS Scheme is intended to restructure the unsecured debts and
liabilities owing by BPS to the Scheme Creditors and there is a single class
of unsecured creditors.

(c) The Scheme Creditors will receive payments fixed at US$6 million, to be
distributed on a pari passu basis.

(d) Upon the BPS Scheme becoming effective pursuant to s 210(5) of the CA, BPS
shall be completely and absolutely released and discharged from any and all
claims, other than obligations arising under the BPS Scheme.

8 The potential recovery for Scheme Creditors under the BPS Scheme is
estimated to be about 12.0% of the debt value, as compared to recovery in a
liquidation scenario of 0.2%. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 44.

Liquidation is the most likely alternative outcome should the BPS Scheme not
be sanctioned by the court, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 19.

and is thus the appropriate comparator.

9 Subsequently, a voting form for the BPS Scheme was circulated amongst the 12
Scheme Creditors which were eligible to vote, for the purposes of tabulating
what the notional votes in favour of the BPS Scheme would have been had a
creditors’ meeting been held (since an application to sanction the scheme was
to be made under s 71 of the IRDA). 11 of the 12 Scheme Creditors casted their
votes (representing US$50,143,082.20 in value). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 37.

There was only a single class of creditors constituted for the voting process.
The results of the votes casts are as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 36.

(a) Ten of the Scheme Creditors (out of 11) representing US$47,269,535.04 in
value (94.26%) voted in favour of the BPS Scheme.

(b) One Scheme Creditor (out of 11) representing US$2,873,547.16 in value
(5.74%) voted against the BPS Scheme.

10 Hence, it seems clear that there is sufficiently strong support for the BPS
Scheme. BPS then sought the court’s sanction of the scheme under s 71 of the
IRDA.

11 Crucially though, three of the Scheme Creditors, namely: SK Trading
International Co Ltd, Global Energy Trading Pte Ltd and TransAsia Private
Capital Limited (collectively, the “Locked-in Creditors”), had provided
undertakings to vote in favour of the BPS Scheme in exchange for certain
benefits (“BOHL Lock-up Agreements”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 40.

The benefit consisted of a fee of 1.0% of the Scheme Creditor’s admitted debt
against BPS (“BOHL Consent Fee”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 41(d).

BOHL had, prior to the distribution of the explanatory statement and the BPS
Scheme, offered to all Scheme Creditors an opportunity to enter into the BOHL
Lock-up Agreements. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 41.

This was done to introduce some certainty in the restructuring process, given
that the BPS Scheme was intended to be pursued under s 71 of the IRDA without
a meeting of creditors. The issue which arises is whether these Locked-in
Creditors should have been placed in a separate class when voting instead of
being allowed to vote in a single class with the other voting Scheme
Creditors. If the Locked-in Creditors should have been classed separately,
then the reliability of the vote conducted is in question.

12 Additionally, one of the Locked-in Creditors, TransAsia Private Capital
Limited (“TPCL”), had entered into a modified lock-up agreement with BPS. In
addition to the BOHL Consent Fee offered, TPCL’s support for the BPS Scheme
was also conditional upon BOHL making a separate payment to TPCL in part
satisfaction of BOHL’s guarantee obligations (the guarantee was linked to loan
facilities extended by TPCL to BPS). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 45.

In total, BOHL agreed to pay an additional US$1.25 million to TPCL under the
modified lock-up agreement.

13 Further, six of the Scheme Creditors, consisting of: BO 688 Oil Tanker Pte
Ltd, Brightoil 666 Oil Tanker Pte Ltd, Brightoil 639 Oil Tanker Pte Ltd,
Brightoil 319 Oil Tanker Pte Ltd, BO 329 Oil Tanker Pte Ltd and BO 326 Oil
Tanker Pte Ltd (collectively, the “Related Creditors”), are indirect wholly-
owned subsidiaries of BOHL. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 33.

This raises the issue of whether the votes of these Related Creditors should
be appropriately discounted.

Summary of the Applicant’s arguments

14 The Applicant submitted that the notional voting outcome satisfied the
statutory majority requirements under s 210(3AB)(a)–(b) of the CA. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions dated 20 January 2022 (“Applicant’s
Submissions”) at para 21.

Since the BPS Scheme seeks only to restructure the unsecured debts and
liabilities of the Scheme Creditors, then there would only be one class of
Scheme Creditors for the purposes of voting. All the Scheme Creditors are
unsecured creditors with similar rights and these existing rights of the
Scheme Creditors vis-à-vis BPS will be compromised to the same extent. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 28.

There is no distinction between the new rights conferred onto each Scheme
Creditor under the terms of the BPS Scheme as all will receive payments fixed
at US$6 million on a pari passu basis. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 28.

15 The Applicant argued, following foreign cases, that the presence of the
BOHL Lock-up Agreements did not mean that the Locked-in Creditors had to be
classed separately for voting purposes. Firstly, the BOHL Lock-up Agreements
were offered to all Scheme Creditors in July 2021 prior to the despatch of the
BPS Scheme. Secondly, the BOHL Consent Fee of 1.0% of the Scheme Creditor’s
admitted debt was not so substantial that it would induce the Locked-in
Creditors to vote in favour of the scheme (which they might otherwise reject).
In particular, there was sufficient commercial justification for Scheme
Creditors to vote in favour of the BPS Scheme. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 43.

16 Regarding the additional US$1.25 million paid by BOHL to TPCL in partial
satisfaction of BOHL’s guarantee obligations, the Applicant submitted that
this additional payment to TPCL did not require TPCL to be placed in a
separate class for voting. In particular, TPCL’s rights against BOHL in
respect of the guarantee were distinct and independent from TPCL’s rights
against BPS. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 45.

17 On the issue concerning the Related Creditors, the Applicant submitted that
those creditors’ votes should be given their full value without any
discounting as the Related Creditors ceased to be within the control of BOHL
when they were placed in a creditors’ voluntary liquidation, and the decision
to vote in favour of the scheme was made independently by the appointed
liquidators. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 53.

Approval of schemes of arrangements under s 71 of the IRDA

18 It was held in Re DSG Asia Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] SGHC 209 (“Re DSG Asia”)
at [28] that there are two essential elements to obtaining the court’s
approval under s 71 of the IRDA:

(a) disclosure of information; and

(b) satisfaction of the statutory majority requirements in the notional
counting of votes.

19 It is implicit in the second latter requirement that the creditors be
properly classified for the notional counting of votes: Re DSG Asia at [29].
The onus is on the applicant to show on a clear case standard that there has
been proper disclosure of information and the fulfilment of the notional
voting requirements: Re DSG Asia at [31].

20 I accepted that the first requirement has been satisfied by BPS relating to
the disclosure of information under s 71(3)(a) of the IRDA, as a detailed
explanatory statement was issued. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit, Exhibit NCH-1, at pp 32–69.

The other statutory requirements pertaining to notices have also been complied
with in accordance with s 71(3)(b) and s 71(3)(c) of the IRDA. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ng Chin Hock’s 2nd Affidavit filed on 17 January 2022, in HC/OS 1261/2021
(“Ng’s 2nd Affidavit”), at paras 6 and 9.

21 The key issue remaining is whether the statutory majority requirements in
the notional counting of votes have been satisfied under s 71(3)(d) of the
IRDA, which I now turn to.

Statutory majority requirements

22 The first substantive question was whether the notional statutory majority
requirements specified under s 210 were met.

23 Under s 210(3AB)(a)–(b) of the CA, a scheme of arrangement must be approved
by a majority in number of the scheme company’s creditors or shareholders (as
the case may be) representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or
shareholders. This requirement need only be satisfied notionally in the
context of s 71 of the IRDA for pre-packaged schemes since there is no actual
voting conducted in a creditor’s meeting: Re DSG Asia at [29]. In classifying
the creditors to determine whether the notional voting outcomes would have
satisfied the statutory majority requirements, the court considers the
creditors’ rights: Re DSG Asia at [53(a)]. Further, even if the statutory
majority requirements would have been satisfied, the court in deciding whether
to approve the scheme must be satisfied that the creditors whose votes were
solicited for purpose of the notional voting outcomes were fairly
representative of the class of creditors to which they belong, and the
creditors’ private interests are relevant to this inquiry: Re DSG Asia at
[53(b)].

24 The notional statutory majority requirements would appear to have been
satisfied as the BPS Scheme had received strong support from the Scheme
Creditors. A majority in number of the voting Scheme Creditors (ten out of
11), representing 94.26% of the total value (US$47,269,535.04 of
US$50,143,082.20) had casted their votes in favour of the proposed scheme. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 38.

All of the voting Scheme Creditors were placed in a single class for this
notional voting exercise.

25 The issue then was whether the Lock-in Creditors were properly part of the
single class or whether they should have been placed in a separate class from
the other creditors who did not enter into the lock-up agreements with BOHL
(“Non-Locked-in Creditors”). The three Locked-in Creditors constituted 57.32%
of total debt value amongst the votes that were cast (US$28,742,356.92 of
US$50,143,082.20). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 31.

This meant that without the buy-in from these Locked-in Creditors, the
question would possibly have arisen as to whether the statutory majority
requirements would have been met.

Classification of creditors

26 I was satisfied that the Lock-in Creditors were properly part of the same
class as the other creditors.

27 As observed in Re DSG Asia (at [44]) the requirements on the proper
classification of creditors can be carried over from the case law touching
upon s 210 of the CA. The test for classification (the “dissimilarity
principle”) has been laid down in the seminal case of The Royal Bank of
Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International
Ltd and another appeal [2012] 2 SLR 213 (“TT International (No 1)”) at [131]:
those creditors whose rights are so dissimilar to each other’s that they
cannot sensibly consult together with a view to their common interest must
vote in different classes. Other pertinent principles were also elaborated
upon by the Court of Appeal (at [140]–[141]) in TT International (No 1):

140 … the dissimilarity principle means that if a creditor’s (or a group of
creditors’) position will improve or decline to such a different extent vis-à-
vis other creditors simply because of the terms of the scheme (and not because
of its own unique circumstances, ie, its “private interests”) assessed against
the most likely scenario in the absence of scheme approval (“the appropriate
comparator”), then it should be placed in a different voting class from the
other creditors. We should highlight here that the appropriate comparator
depends on the facts of each case and is not necessarily an insolvent
liquidation. …

141 … The application of the dissimilarity principle to complex transactions
and situations where there are different levels of secured and unsecured
creditors, as well as intra-creditor relationships, is not without its
difficulties. Defining a “legal right” in these contexts can be thorny. The
courts have therefore to take a broad, practical and objective approach in
analysing creditor relationships and ensure that the application of this
principle does not lead to an impractical mushrooming of classes that could
potentially result in the creation of unjustified minority vetoes. An overly
legalistic approach might inhibit the usage of schemes as a practical
alternative to other insolvency measures with more extreme consequences for
creditors as a whole.

[emphasis in original; internal citations omitted]

28 The proposed BPS Scheme is intended to restructure the unsecured debts and
liabilities owed by BPS to the Scheme Creditors, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 17(c).

and the appropriate comparator here is a liquidation scenario. Unsecured
creditors are entitled to a pari passu distribution of the remaining pool of
assets in liquidation (see United Securities Sdn Bhd (in receivership and
liquidation) and another v United Overseas Bank Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 950 at [47]).
The position of the Scheme Creditors would all be improved by a similar extent
vis-à-vis each other under the terms of the BPS Scheme, as they will all
receive payments totalling US$6 million on a pari passu basis. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 17(d).

Hence, it is axiomatic that in applying the dissimilarity principle, there
would only be one class of unsecured creditors for voting purposes as the
Scheme Creditors’ positions were improved to a similar extent under the
scheme.

29 The question which remains is whether the Locked-in Creditors should be
classed separately from the Non-Locked-in Creditors since they had acquired
additional benefits under the BOHL Lock-up Agreements in the form of the 1.0%
BOHL Consent Fee.

The foreign jurisprudence concerning lock-up agreements

30 The authorities from other jurisdictions, such as England and Hong Kong,
point to the usefulness and propriety of such lock-in agreements, provided
that certain requirements are met.

(1) English authorities

31 In England, this issue has only been dealt with in first instance
decisions. As observed by Snowden J in Re ColourOz Investment 2 LLC and others
[2021] 1 BCLC 55 (“Re ColourOz”), in the context of seeking a court order to
convene a meeting of creditors under s 896 of the Companies Act 2006 (c 46)
(UK) (the “UK Companies Act 2006”), at [98]: “The full implications of the
practice of paying consent fees … have never been considered at an appellate
level. However, a number of authorities at first instance indicate that in
principle a consent fee … will not fracture a class …”.

32 Amongst those first instance decisions include the earlier case of Re DX
Holdings Ltd and other companies [2010] EWHC 1513 (Ch) (“Re DX Holdings”). In
Re DX Holdings, Floyd J considered the question of whether creditors who
signed lock-up agreements should be classed separately from the other
creditors in an application to convene a meeting of creditors under s 896 of
the UK Companies Act 2006. Floyd J held that no separate classification was
required having regard to the following factors in Re DX Holdings at [7]:

(a) all the scheme creditors were offered an opportunity to enter into the
lock-up agreement;

(b) it was unlikely that a creditor who considered the scheme to be against
its interests would be persuaded to vote in favour of the scheme by the
existence of the consent fee; and

(c) the amount of consent fee payable (ranging from 0.5% to 2.5%) is small in
relation to the common interests of the creditors in the restructuring.

33 Subsequent decisions such as Re Noble Group Ltd (No 1) [2019] 2 BCLC 505
(“Re Noble”) further elaborate upon the requirements set out in the earlier
cases, and in particular, how the court should assess whether the consent fee
payable to creditors under a lock-up agreement is so material that the rights
of the creditors who will not be paid the fees are sufficiently dissimilar
such that they cannot consult together with a view to their common interest.
In Re Noble (at [150]), Snowden J observed that in evaluating the materiality
of consent fees, it is inappropriate to simply look at the percentage which
the fee bears to the face value of the debt held. Rather, what is more
relevant is the size of the fee when compared to the predicted returns offered
to all creditors under the scheme and the returns that creditors are predicted
to make in a liquidation scenario (or the appropriate comparator): Re Noble at
[151].

34 For instance, in Re Codere Finance 2 (UK) Ltd (No 1) [2021] 2 BCLC 396 (“Re
Codere”) (at [105]), in evaluating whether the size of the consent fee was
material, Falk J did not merely consider the absolute value of the consent fee
in the abstract, but made a comparison to the likely forecasted returns under
the scheme and a liquidation scenario (which was the appropriate comparator).
It was held that a consent fee between 0.5%–1.0% (Re Codere at [26]) is
unlikely to exert a material influence on the creditors’ voting decision: Re
Codere at [105]. This observation was made in the context where the company
was expected to make full recovery if the scheme was implemented (Re Codere at
[15]–[16]), as opposed to a likely liquidation scenario where the returns
ranged between 0%–4.1% (Re Codere at [20]–[21]).

35 In the decision of Re ColourOz, Snowden J conducted a comprehensive survey
of the English first instance cases and summarised the position regarding
lock-up agreements as follows (at [98]): “… a consent fee … will not fracture
a class provided that it is made available to all scheme creditors, and
provided also that it does not induce creditors to commit to vote in favour of
a scheme which they might otherwise reject.” The general tenor of cases in
England indicates that the mere fact that a benefit is conferred on some
creditors who enter into lock-up agreements to vote in favour of a scheme is
insufficient to require those creditors to be constituted as a separate class,
and the overall inquiry is a highly fact-specific one (see Re Seat Pagine
Gialle SPA [2012] EWHC 3686 (Ch) at [22]).

36 However, caution had also been expressed in Re Sunbird Business Services
Ltd [2021] 2 All ER (Comm) 1019 (“Re Sunbird”) (at [115]–[116]) regarding the
increasing prevalence of lock-up agreements:

115 The widespread use of lock-up agreements in recent years is, however, not
without difficulties. One such concern (not present in the instant case)
relates to the payment of lock-up fees. In many schemes, the company might
offer to pay a fee to induce scheme creditors to enter into a legally binding
agreement at an early stage to support the proposed scheme. The payment of
such fees has been accepted in a number of cases at first instance, but
serious concerns remain … Questions may well arise as to whether the payment
of such fees should either result in the court ordering separate class
meetings for those who have locked-up (and may thus be unable to change their
mind absent a material change of circumstances) and those who have not; or
otherwise as to the reliability of a majority vote comprising creditors in
receipt of a lock-up fee and those who have not qualified to receive it.

116 A second concern, which is relevant in this case, relates to the unequal
provision of information to different groups of creditors.

37 In Re Sunbird, Snowden J refused to sanction the scheme of arrangement
despite the majority vote of the creditors. Amongst the various reasons cited
was the fact that some majority creditors were misinformed (being hastily
urged into signing the lock-up agreements) and were misled into signing the
lock-up agreement under the erroneous impression that this was a requirement
necessary to satisfy the court: Re Sunbird at [121].

38 While there is good commercial sense in offering lock-up agreements in
conjunction with proposed schemes as it could “avoid a potential waste of time
and costs of starting the scheme process” (Re Sunbird at [114]), the court
must be cognizant of the attendant risks as well.

(2) Hong Kong authorities

39 In Re Winsway Enterprises Holdings Ltd [2017] 1 HKLRD 1 (“Re Winsway”), the
Hong Kong Court of First Instance appeared to agree with the English position
in Re DX Holdings regarding whether creditors who enter lock-up agreements
should be classed separately when voting on a scheme (at [20]):

20 … the question will normally be the same: is the right to be paid an
additional sum likely to influence materially a scheme creditor in deciding
how to vote? Whether or not it may is likely to depend on whether or not the
sum is substantial and has been offered in a manner, which creditors are
likely to consider fair regardless of whether or not they took advantage of
the opportunity to agree in advance to vote in favour of the restructuring. …

40 Harris J held that, on the facts of that case, there was no need to place
the creditors who entered into lock-up agreements in a separate voting class
from the rest as the consent fee of 2.0% is relatively small, the agreements
were made available to all scheme creditors and it was a bona fide attempt to
introduce certainty in the restructuring process: Re Winsway at [20].

41 Similarly, in the more recent decision of Re Da Sen Holdings Group Ltd
[2022] HKCU 324 (“Re Da Sen”) (at [16]), it was observed that a payment of a
consent fee will not fracture a class of creditors if the lock-up agreement
was made available to all creditors and the consent fee offered would not have
distorted the outcome of the voting. Harris J then held that a consent fee of
5.0% was not unusually large and would not alter the classification of
creditors: Re Da Sen at [16]. This conclusion was made in the context where
the unsecured creditors’ recovery under the scheme was estimated to be about
50.0%–60.0% and the recovery in a liquidation scenario (which was the
appropriate comparator) was no more than 32.0%: Re Da Sen at [8].

The legal position to be adopted in Singapore

42 In my determination, lock-in agreements will generally not fracture a class
when voting on a scheme of arrangement, subject to certain requirements.

43 In determining the classification of creditors, the court considers any
rights conferred or to be conferred in other agreements that are provided for
under the terms of the scheme or which are conditional on the scheme: Re DSG
Asia at [58]. Hence, the presence of lock-up agreements with some creditors is
relevant to the court’s consideration for the classification of creditors when
voting on a scheme.

44 The rationale for offering lock-up agreements to creditors in a proposed
restructuring is to reduce the risk that the proposed scheme that is
introduced will fall through due to it not being able to garner the necessary
statutory majority support: Re Winsway at [20]. There can be significant
savings of time and costs if properly employed.

45 Lock-up agreements (with their accompanying benefits, eg, consent fees
payable) are undeniably designed to provide some material inducement for
creditors to commit on their voting intentions so that the company proposing a
scheme would not embark on the process in vain without sufficient support: Re
ColourOz at [97]. It cannot be the case that the entering into lock-up
agreements by creditors, in and of itself, would mean that those creditors
must be classed separately when voting. One must be careful not to fracture a
class too easily without a clear dissimilarity of rights such that minority
creditors in another class would have a disproportionate right of veto (see Re
Noble at [158]). The classification of creditors remains a perennially thorny
issue given the myriad contexts which might arise (see the Report of the
Insolvency Law Review Committee (2013) at pp 138–139, para 11). Hence, the
assessment must remain a fact-specific one with all the circumstances
considered in toto.

46 Distilling the assistance from the cases in England and Hong Kong, the
following, non-exhaustive, principles are to my mind relevant in determining
whether creditors who enter into lock-up agreements should be classed
separately for the purposes of voting on a scheme of arrangement, even for the
notional tabulation of votes under s 71 of the IRDA:

(a) While the benefits that can be conferred on creditors who enter into lock-
up agreements are varied, the most common of which are the payment of consent
fees, the critical question in every case is whether the benefit conferred is
so sizeable that it would have a significant influence on the decision of a
reasonable creditor when voting for the proposed scheme. In assessing whether
there was a significant influence, one would look at the relative size of the
consent fee (or benefit) when compared to the forecasted returns to creditors
under the implemented scheme and the estimated recovery in liquidation (or
another appropriate comparator).

(b) The lock-up agreement must have been made available to all scheme
creditors within the relevant class such that they were all given the equal
right to enter into the agreement, and the agreements made with each creditor
must be on substantially the same terms. Beyond that, whether a creditor
chooses to exercise that right to enter into the lock-up agreement is beyond a
scheme company’s control.

(c) The use of the lock-up agreement must be done bona fide (eg, no misleading
of creditors). It is trite that the court will not sanction a scheme if the
company and/or its majority creditors are not acting bona fide: TT
International (No 1) at [74]. This applies with equal force in the context of
s 71 of the IRDA: Re DSG Asia at [66].

Application to the facts – classification of Locked-in Creditors

47 Applying the principles set out above to the facts at hand, I determined
that there was no need to place the Locked-in Creditors in a separate class
from the other Non-Locked-in Creditors for the purpose of determining whether
the notional voting outcomes satisfied the statutory majority requirements,
and the reliability of the notional majority vote was not compromised. I found
that the Scheme Creditors whose votes were solicited for the notional voting
outcomes were fairly representative of the class of creditors to which they
belong.

48 Regarding the size of the BOHL Consent Fee offered, the question was
whether it is so sizeable that it would have a significant influence on the
decision of a reasonable creditor when voting for the proposed scheme. When
compared to the figures in the abovementioned cases like Re Codere and Re Da
Sen, to my mind, the consent fee of 1.0% of the Scheme Creditor’s admitted
debt would not be so significant as compared to the potential recovery of
12.0% under the BPS Scheme and a 0.2% recovery in liquidation.

49 By acceding to the BPS Scheme compared to the recovery in liquidation,
there is a potential 60-fold recovery of the admitted debt value which would
have been sufficient commercial justification alone for the Scheme Creditors
to vote in favour of the BPS Scheme. In these circumstances, even without the
additional BOHL Consent Fee of 1.0%, it is foreseeable that a reasonable
creditor would have voted in favour of the scheme regardless. There is little
reason to think that the voting outcomes were distorted.

50 At this juncture, I caution that such an assessment is not one that is
based purely on numerical comparison but must be done contextually, taking
into account the other reasons as to why a reasonable creditor might enter the
scheme and compromise on their debts.

51 Next, the BOHL Lock-up Agreements were offered as a bona fide attempt, as
part of the BPS Scheme, to introduce certainty into the restructuring process.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 41.

BPS had informed the Scheme Creditors of the present application to sanction
the scheme under s 71 of the IRDA and, as of the date of the application,
there had been no objections. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ng’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 6 and 8.

It is also important that the lock-up agreement does not mislead creditors as
to what could be recovered under the proposed scheme of arrangement. I noted
that the expected recovery under the scheme was described in the BOHL Lock-up
Agreements to be “between 8.8% and 18.1%” of the admitted debt, whereas it was
stated that there would be “no recovery” in liquidation. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit, Exhibit NCH-7, at para 6.

This is not too far off from the eventual 12.0% and 0.2% recovery that was
estimated by BPS in the respective scenarios.

52 As an aside, some of the English authorities suggests that it is
appropriate for lock-up agreements to include a provision that allows a
signatory to terminate the agreement and cease to support the scheme in the
event of a “material adverse change” to the company’s financial position (see
Re ColourOz at [94]). This would ensure that a creditor is not irrevocably
bound in all circumstances. I noted that within the BOHL Lock-up Agreement,
there was no such clause. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit, Exhibit NCH-7, at pp 309–312.

My tentative view is that while the presence of such a provision in the lock-
up agreement goes towards the bona fides and fairness of the arrangement, this
is not a mandatory requirement. A conclusive pronouncement will need to await
full arguments in an appropriate case.

53 Lastly, the BOHL Lock-up Agreements were made available and sent to all
Scheme Creditors. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 42.

Hence, each Scheme Creditor was conferred an equal right to enter the
arrangement proffering a consent fee of 1.0%, and none was being exalted over
the other. These offers were all made on the same terms.

54 As mentioned above at [12], a complication arises as, amongst the three
Locked-in Creditors which acceded to the BOHL Lock-up Agreement, TPCL had
entered into a modified agreement – where BOHL would make a separate payment
in the amount of US$1.25 million in part satisfaction of BOHL’s obligations
under a guarantee. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 45.

Nevertheless, I agree broadly with the Applicant’s submissions that TPCL’s
legal rights against BOHL in respect of the guarantee is distinct and
independent from TPCL’s legal rights against BPS regarding the unsecured
loans. It is trite that each incorporated entity has a separate legal
personality with distinct legal rights and liabilities, and this principle
applies to companies within an ownership group as well: Goh Chan Peng and
others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR
592 at [71]. Hence, the fact that BOHL agrees to make a payment to TPCL in
part satisfaction of its outstanding guarantee obligations will not change
substantively TPCL’s legal rights vis-à-vis BPS, despite the fact that BPS is
one of the indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of BOHL. This would mean that
TPCL could still be classed with the other Scheme Creditors for voting as its
rights were not so dissimilar with the others such that it could not sensibly
consult together with a view to their common interest.

55 The court should not look at the scheme in isolation, but must consider
rights conferred or to be conferred in other agreements that are conditional
on the scheme: Re DSG Asia at [58]. Under the BPS Scheme, it is expressly
provided under one of the clauses that: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit, Exhibit NCH-7, at p 80.

4.3 For the avoidance of doubt, unless expressly provided in this Scheme:

…

(b) a Scheme Creditor shall not be required to waive, release or discharge its
claims against any other party, including any Brightoil Group Entity, or any
liability and obligation owing by such other party to the Scheme Creditor, in
connection with or in relation to the Claims of the Scheme Creditor against
the Company or otherwise.

Hence, BOHL’s outstanding guarantee obligations owed to TPCL would not be
waived even if the BPS Scheme were sanctioned. Put it another way, it could
not be said that BOHL’s part payment of its existing guarantee obligation was
one that was conditional upon the scheme being sanctioned. The court is not
required to consider rights that are genuinely independent of the scheme: Re
DSG Asia at [58]. That independence trumped the possible argument that the
guarantee was commercially part of the same transaction.

Votes of related creditors

56 Regarding the votes of related creditors, the six Related Creditors are
also the indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of BOHL (just like BPS), and
hence, they are related to BPS (the scheme company) as they share a common
controlling shareholder.

57 The votes of creditors which are also wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
scheme company should be discounted to zero: TT International (No 1) at [158],
while it appears that a partial discounting approach should be taken for other
related creditors which are not wholly-owned subsidiaries of the scheme
company: TT International (No 1) at [170]–[171]. On the other hand, I note the
obiter observations in SK Engineering & Construction Co Ltd v Conchubar
Aromatics Ltd and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 898 (“SK Engineering”) (at
[66]–[67]) that disagreed with the partial discounting approach taken in TT
International (No 1) as it is inevitably arbitrary, not amenable to definitive
guidance, and because it appears more principled and certain to wholly
discount the votes of creditors once they are found to be related to the
scheme company. Here, we are dealing with the situation where the Related
Creditors are not the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the scheme creditor.
Without having to resolve the divergent views expressed in TT International
(No 1) and SK Engineering, my decision is that no discount should be applied
to the votes of the six Related Creditors.

58 I agreed with the Applicant’s submission that these six Related Creditors
ceased to be within the management control of BOHL as they had been placed
into a creditors’ voluntary liquidation on 16 August 2021. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 33.

The decision by the six Related Creditors on whether to vote for or against
the BPS Scheme, therefore, stemmed from an independent decision made by the
appointed liquidator who owed duties to the creditors of the respective
companies. The liquidators also confirmed that this decision was made without
any discussion with the Related Creditors. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at para 33.

Hence, no discount should be applied.

Conclusion

59 Accordingly, as the notional voting outcome satisfied the statutory
majority requirements and the reliability of the majority vote was not
compromised due to any improper classification of creditors, the application
was granted.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Hing Shan Shan Blossom, Chan Wei Meng, Foo Guo Zheng Benjamin and Clarie Ong
Bee Sim (Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Feb 2022 (12:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

