Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 238

Suit No 863 of 2019

Between

(1)| Baker, Samuel Cranage  
---|---  
(2)| Lee Chuen Yang Jeremy  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| SPH Interactive Pte. Ltd.  
---|---  
(2)| Singapore Press Holdings Ltd.  
(3)| Streetsine Technology Group Pte. Ltd.  
(4)| Barakat-Brown, Jason Lewis  
(5)| Fong Yin Leong Leslie  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders]

[Tort — Conspiracy]

[Companies — Directors — Duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Baker, Samuel Cranage and another

  
v

  

SPH Interactive Pte Ltd and others

[2022] SGHC 238

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 863 of 2019  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
22–24, 29–31 March, 1, 5–8 and 12 April 2022, 19 July 2022

26 September 2022 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 Where founders sell a majority stake to new investors, it is not uncommon
for there to be disagreement about the direction of the business, especially
after, as here, a shared hope for an initial public offering fails to be
realised. The question for this court is primarily whether, keeping in mind
the commercial agreement struck between founders and investors concerning the
future management of the company, the founders were, as they allege, unfairly
treated by the new majority in a bid to acquire their remaining shares, or the
underlying business, on the cheap.

2 In addition to seeking a remedy to put an end to minority oppression
pursuant to s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”), the
plaintiffs bring a claim in unlawful means conspiracy.

Facts

The parties

3 The subject company in this dispute is the third defendant, StreetSine
Technology Group Pte Ltd (“SSTG”), a Singapore company. SSTG was the holding
company of StreetSine Singapore Pte Ltd (“SSSPL”), which was the operating
company carrying on a business described to the court as “third-generation
property technology”, meaning the provision of online classifieds technology,
big data algorithms, market pricing mechanisms and transaction capabilities
including valuation and conveyancing. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Baker’s AEIC at para 42.

Where it is convenient to refer to SSTG and SSSPL, or the business itself, I
will use the name “StreetSine”. SSSPL was sold to 99 Group Pte Ltd (“99
Group”) on 1 December 2020, along with StreetSine’s intellectual property
including trademarks, domain names, applications and algorithms for its
various products and services. StreetSine has therefore ceased operations.
SSTG has been under interim judicial management since 22 June 2020. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Tan’s AEIC at paras 7–13.

SSTG is a nominal defendant, and hence for convenience, any reference to “the
defendants” will not include SSTG unless specified.

4 The plaintiffs are the co-founders of StreetSine. The first plaintiff is Mr
Samuel Cranage Baker (“Mr Baker”) and the second plaintiff is Mr Lee Chuen
Yang Jeremy (“Mr Lee”). They are minority shareholders who currently each hold
20% of the shares in SSTG. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Baker’s AEIC at para 3.

5 The first defendant is SPH Interactive Pte Ltd (“SPHI”), the holder of the
remaining 60% of shares in SSTG. SPHI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
second defendant, Singapore Press Holdings Ltd (“SPH”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 4.

The fifth defendant, Mr Fong Yin Leong Leslie (“Mr Fong”) is the Chairman of
the Board of Directors of SSTG. He was appointed by SPHI. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 7.

6 The fourth defendant is Mr Jason Lewis Barakat-Brown (“Mr Barakat-Brown”),
former CEO of SSTG. He was CEO of SSTG from 1 June 2018 to 1 December 2020. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Barakat-Brown’s AEIC at paras 2–3.

The dispute

Founding of StreetSine and its acquisition by SPHI

7 StreetSine was founded by the plaintiffs in November 2007. Mr Lee had
technical experience from working at the Defence Science and Technology
Agency. Mr Baker had considerable business experience from around the world.
They decided to collaborate to achieve their vision to “democratize the
property market”. To do this, they set up StreetSine. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 20–22.

8 In or around July 2012, SPH reached out to Mr Lee to explore a potential
investment by SPH into StreetSine through SSTG (which was then known as CoSine
Holdings Pte Ltd). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Deborah Lee’s AEIC at para 12.

SPH was interested in acquiring SSTG as it was then looking to expand its
digital media business. SPH viewed the acquisition of SSTG as a strategic
expansion in its digital media business and an opportunity to improve its
existing online property listings business, ST Property. At the time, SSTG was
Singapore’s only major real estate analytics company. It managed and operated
the Singapore Real Estate Exchange (“SRX”), a digital platform which provided
the property market with computer generated pricing and other related
services. It obtained real-time information on sales and rental transactions
from its partnership with a consortium of property agencies in Singapore (“SRX
Consortium”). SPH was hoping to gain access to this information through an
acquisition of SSTG. This would allow ST Property to provide high-quality
listings to differentiate itself from its competitors. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Deborah Lee’s AEIC at paras 18–20.

Acquiring SSTG would also block ST Property’s competitors from acquiring it,
and at the same time hedge against SSTG becoming a competitor in the future.
It was also intended that after the acquisition, SPH, Mr Baker and Mr Lee
would work together to position SSTG for an Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) by
2017. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 38.

9 The plaintiffs were interested in SPH’s proposed investment because they
felt they needed a large company as an ally. They were of the view that the
disruptive power of their technology was too big for two small entrepreneurs
to handle. They would need an entity like SPH to protect their business from
incumbents which would seek to thwart their vision to create an efficient
property market in Singapore. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Baker’s AEIC at para 26.

10 Between December 2013 and August 2014, negotiations were carried out
regarding SPH’s acquisition of SSTG. Eventually, it was agreed that SPH’s
investment would be carried out through a subsidiary, SPHI, acquiring 60% of
the shares in SSTG. On 31 October 2014, the following agreements were
executed: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Deborah Lee’s AEIC at paras 17, 24 and 41.

(a) the Share Purchase Agreement between SPHI and the plaintiffs (“SPA”);

(b) the Shareholders’ Agreement between SPHI and the plaintiffs (“SHA”);

(c) the Put and Call Option Agreement between SPH and the plaintiffs
(“P&COA”); and

(d) management agreements for Mr Baker and Mr Lee between them and SSTG
(“MAs”).

11 Under the MAs, Mr Baker was appointed Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and
Mr Lee was appointed Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”) of StreetSine. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1 DCB 235 and 252.

Clause 2 of the MAs set out their term of employment:

2\. Term of Employment

The Employment shall commence on the date of Completion and shall, subject to
the provisions hereinafter contained, continue until 30 June 2018 (the
“Initial Term”). The Employment shall continue beyond the Initial Term unless
terminated by either Party in accordance with Clause 9.

12 The SHA provided that the plaintiffs would be involved in the management of
StreetSine. Clause 1.1 defined the term “Management” as “each of the Existing
Shareholders in their capacities as Chief Executive Officer (in the case of
[Mr Baker]) and Chief Technology Officer (in the case of [Mr Lee]) of [SSTG
and its related companies].” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1 DCB 21.

Clause 5 of the SHA set out the responsibilities and authority of
“Management”. Specifically, Clause 5.3 provided that: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1 DCB 21 and 33.

5.3 Management and Operation of [StreetSine]

The Parties recognise that while the Management are to be subject to the
overall supervision of the Board in the discharge of the Directors’ fiduciary
duties under general law, the Management shall continue to be given an
appropriate level of autonomy and control that enables them to maintain their
entrepreneurial spirit and freedom which is crucial to the success of the
Group. In furtherance of such intention, the Parties agree that, for the
period commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on 30 June 2018,
subject to Clause 3.11:

5.3.1 the Board shall delegate the day-to-day running of the Business to the
Management, which shall manage the Business in accordance with the Strategic
Plan and Operating Budget;

5.3.2 the Management shall be authorised to take the necessary actions and
steps to implement the matters in any Strategic Plan that is approved or
varied (as the case may be) pursuant to Clause 5.1, provided that;

…

5.3.3 the Management shall attend the meetings (no more frequently than once a
month) of any management committee that may be established by the Board
pursuant to Clause 3.12.1 to update the committee on the business operations
and products of the Group; and

5.3.4 the Management shall be empowered to authorise the employment of any
person for any Group Company who is not a Senior Executive.

There were also some management rights conferred on the plaintiffs in Clause
5.1: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1 DCB 32.

5.1 Strategic Plan and Operating Budget

5.1.1 The Management shall prepare and submit a draft updated Strategic Plan
(incorporating an annual Operating Budget to be prepared in accordance with
FRS) to the Board for its review and approval at least two months before the
start of the next financial year of the Company.

…

5.1.4 For the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on
30 June 2018, the Management shall have the authority to make any variations
to the Strategic Plan, provided that (i) such variation continues to relate to
the real estate industry and does not result in any injection of funds by the
Shareholders, or any incurrence of debt or financing by any Group Company
unless each such event is expressly provided for in the original un-varied
Strategic Plan approved by the Board, and (ii) such variation does not result
in an unfavourable net change or variation of more than ten (10) per cent. to
the prevailing Operating Budget and (iii) the Board is duly notified in
writing at least ten Business Days prior to any material variation to the
Strategic Plan.

13 The intention that an IPO with an internationally recognised stock exchange
(“Qualifying IPO”) be worked towards, and achieved by 31 December 2017, was
reflected in clause 7.1 of the SHA: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1 DCB 40–41.

7.1.1 It is the Shareholders’ intention that [SSTG] should evaluate the
feasibility of a listing and quotation of its issued share capital on an
internationally recognised stock exchange (“Qualifying IPO”), with the
intention that such Qualifying IPO is to take place by 31 December 2017.

…

7.1.3 In the event that the Shareholders agree pursuant to Clause 3.11 to seek
a Qualifying IPO, they shall co-operate fully with each other and the Company
and their respective financial and other advisers to achieve a listing … the
Shareholders acknowledge and agree that the primary focus of the Management
shall, at all times, be on the growth and development of the business and
operations of [StreetSine]…

7.1.4 … [SSTG] and each of the Shareholders shall use reasonable commercial
endeavours to procure and ensure that all actions necessary to achieve and
effect the IPO on or before 31 December 2017 are taken.

14 If no Qualifying IPO was achieved by 31 December 2017, the P&COA granted
SPH the right to purchase the plaintiffs’ shares at a specified price, and the
plaintiffs the right to require SPH to purchase their shares at a specified
price. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1 DCB 269–270.

This option could be exercised by either party between 1 January 2018 and 30
June 2018. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1 DCB 268.

Under Clause 7.1, if neither option was exercised, the P&COA would terminate
at the end of the option period. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1 DCB 280.

SISV Litigation

15 After the acquisition, one obstacle that SSTG faced was opposition from the
Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers (“SISV”). Specifically, on 6
April 2016, SISV issued a press release stating that “computer-generated
values [were] not valuations (in accordance with the SISV Valuation Standards
and Practice Guidelines) and are therefore not recognised by [SISV]”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Tan’s AEIC at p 880.

In response, SSTG lodged a complaint with the Competition and Consumer
Commission of Singapore (“CCCS”) on 18 April 2016. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Tan’s AEIC at pp 877–881.

On 10 November 2016, SSSPL commenced a suit in the High Court against SISV for
various causes of action, including the tort of conspiracy and unlawful
interference with trade or business (“SISV Litigation”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Tan’s AEIC at pp 883–908.

On 16 October 2017, 26 defendants were added to SSSPL’s claim in the SISV
Litigation. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Tan’s AEIC at pp 954–1016.

When the SISV Litigation was commenced, Wong Thomas & Leong (“WTL”) were
SSSPL’s solicitors. In July 2018, Mr Davinder Singh SC of Drew & Napier LLC
(“D&N”) took over conduct of the SISV Litigation from WTL. Around the same
time, Mr Rodney McCune (“Mr McCune”), a barrister qualified in the UK, was
hired as legal consultant to assist in the SISV Litigation. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Tan’s AEIC at paras 124–125.

When Mr Davinder Singh SC set up his own legal practice (“DSC”) in around
February 2019, DSC took over the conduct of the SISV Litigation. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 127.

Mr Barakat-Brown as CEO

16 No Qualifying IPO was achieved by 31 December 2017. By 21 January 2018, Mr
Baker had decided to relocate to the USA and discussed this with Mr Fong.
Discussions concerning Mr Baker’s replacement followed. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Fong’s AEIC at paras 117–121.

Eventually, Mr Barakat-Brown emerged as a candidate that was acceptable to Mr
Baker, Mr Lee and SPHI. At this point, I should note that Mr Barakat-Brown was
not new to StreetSine. In 2013, while he was Managing Director & Head of
Advisory of Religare Capital, an investment banking firm, he had advised SSTG
in relation to the potential acquisition of its shares. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Barakat-Brown’s AEIC at para 12.

Later, in July 2017, through his new firm, Candor Advisory Partners (“CAP”),
he was engaged by SSTG as an external advisor to advise on its objectives of
bringing in a new investor and positioning itself for an IPO in three to five
years’ time. CAP was first engaged from 1 August 2017 to end-January 2018
before a second mandate letter was executed in March 2018 to engage them until
March 2019. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Barakat-Brown’s AEIC at paras 18–24.

When discussions concerning a new CEO were ongoing, Mr Barakat-Brown thought
that he would be a good fit because of his expertise and experience with
SSTG’s business. He suggested this to Mr Baker. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Barakat-Brown’s AEIC at para 26.

17 On 23 May 2018, the engagement of Mr Barakat-Brown as CEO of StreetSine
with effect from 1 June 2018 was formalised by resolutions of SSTG and SSSPL’s
boards. It was also formalised that Mr Baker would be resigning as CEO of
StreetSine and would be adopting the new role of “Co-Founder and Executive
Director” with effect from 1 June 2018. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 141.

On 4 June 2018, Mr Barakat-Brown’s Service Agreement (“Service Agreement”) was
sent to him, signed by Mr Julian Tan (“Mr Tan”), a director of SSTG, on behalf
of StreetSine. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 146.

18 The months that followed involved a series of disagreements between the
plaintiffs and SPHI. One such disagreement related to the Service Agreement.
Mr Baker complained to Mr Fong that he had not seen the Service Agreement
before it was executed and that he was not aware of what Mr Tan had locked
StreetSine into. Mr Fong responded that the Service Agreement was in all
material aspects the same as an earlier draft which Mr Baker himself had
provided. Mr Fong’s evidence was that he thought that this meant that Mr Baker
had accepted its terms and thus it was surprising to him that Mr Baker
indicated that he “had not bought into” the Service Agreement. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 148 and p 1887.

19 There was also disagreement about Mr Baker’s role as “Co-Founder and
Executive Director”. Mr Baker was of the view that it had been agreed that he
would “oversee Singapore operations”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Tan’s AEIC at p 1587.

To the contrary, SPHI took the position that it had only agreed to this
appointment for the purposes of effecting a “transition” so that Mr Baker
could oversee the SISV Litigation and regional expansion, but not operational
matters. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Tan’s AEIC at p 1595.

This disagreement was brought to the fore when Mr Baker began raising issues
with Mr Barakat-Brown’s performance as CEO of StreetSine.

Indicative Proposal from REA

20 As mentioned earlier, StreetSine was looking to bring in a new investor to
position itself for an IPO. It was therefore engaged in negotiations with REA
Group Limited (“REA’), a multinational digital advertising business
specialising in property. On 17 August 2018, REA submitted an indicative non-
binding proposal to acquire 60% to 100% of SSTG based on a valuation of the
company at $85m (the “Indicative Proposal”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Tan’s AEIC at pp 1498–1499.

For Mr Baker and Mr Lee, this was a massive undervaluation. In an e-mail to Mr
Fong, Mr Baker described REA’s indicative valuation “brazen but not
surprising”, and that it arose from REA’s “discount[ing]” StreetSine as a
“first generation listing portal”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

16 AB 8837.

21 Thus, on 22 August 2018, Mr Baker and Mr Lee submitted a formal offer to
sell their shareholding to SPH. They provided three options as consideration
for their 40% shareholding: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Tan’s AEIC at pp 1513–1514.

(a) $100m cash;

(b) $60m cash and 40% of the proceeds of the SISV Litigation; or

(c) $60m cash and $40m of the proceeds of the SISV Litigation.

They based their offer on a valuation analysis report prepared by Mr
Barakat–Brown (the “22 August Valuation Report”) which estimated the value of
SSTG to be $250m. SPH communicated their rejection of this offer on 24
September 2018 and told Mr Baker and Mr Lee that, having considered the terms
of the Indicative Proposal, SPHI wished to “continue to engage REA Group and
proceed with the next stage in the process, with the aim of concluding a sale
of StreetSine to REA as expeditiously as possible”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Tan’s AEIC at p 1531.

However, REA withdrew the Indicative Proposal on 22 October 2018, because
after concluding its due diligence, it found that “material assumptions that
formed the basis of [the Indicative Proposal] [had] not been supported” and
“any valuation which would support a final binding offer from REA [was] likely
to be materially lower than the terms outlined in [the Indicative Proposal]”.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Tan’s AEIC at p 1534.

Removal of the plaintiffs from their management positions

22 Discussions between the plaintiffs and SPHI regarding the potential
bifurcation of StreetSine followed, but no agreement was reached. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mr Baker’s AEIC at pp 84–90, Table 9 rows 7–13.

In or around end-October 2018 to November 2018, the SPHI-nominated directors
formed the view that it was no longer necessary or in StreetSine’s interests
for the plaintiffs to stay in their executive positions. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 185.

On 14 December 2018, Mr Fong informed the plaintiffs that there was no longer
a need for them to remain in their executive roles and that their transition
to non-executive roles was to be formalised as soon as possible. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 189.

Written resolutions approving the termination of the plaintiffs’ employments
as Executive Director and CTO were approved by the SSTG board on 17 December
2018. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 191.

The plaintiffs were paid three months’ salary in lieu of notice in accordance
with Clause 9.2 of the MAs, and remained non-executive directors of SSTG. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 193.

Mr Barakat-Brown then took the following steps pursuant to the plaintiffs’
termination: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Tan’s AEIC at paras 195–196.

(a) He restricted their access to the Google drive and other operational
systems of StreetSine.

(b) He instructed D&N to take instructions only from himself or Mr McCune in
respect of the SISV Litigation.

Events after the plaintiffs’ removal from their management positions

23 Between the plaintiffs’ removal from their management roles on 17 December
2018 and the commencement of this suit on 30 August 2019, the following
relevant events occurred:

(a) On 23 May 2019, letters were issued to the plaintiffs on behalf of
StreetSine demanding the return of certain sums (amounting to $19,500) which
it alleged were unauthorised and improperly paid. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 323 and p 5184.

On 21 June 2019, StreetSine commenced a suit against the plaintiffs for the
recovery of these payments (the “MC Suit”). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 309.

NLC Law Asia LLC (“NLC”) acted for StreetSine in the MC Suit. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 320.

(b) SSTG sent a request to its shareholders for additional cash facilities of
between $6.58m and $8.58m on 24 July 2019. The same day, Mr Baker replied on
behalf of the plaintiffs, indicating that they would only consider the request
for capital if certain conditions were met, one of which was reducing Mr
Barakat-Brown’s compensation or terminating his employment. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Fong’s AEIC at pp 3012–3013.

(c) On 16 July 2019, the plaintiffs’ solicitors at the time sent a letter to
SPH’s solicitors, Allen & Gledhill LLP (“A&G”), communicating an offer to sell
their 40% shareholding to SPH for a total consideration of $55m payable
immediately, $45m payable upon completion of the SISV Litigation and 1% of
gross revenue for SSTG’s digital property, banking and financial services for
a 10-year period beginning on 1 September 2021. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Fong’s AEIC at p 5284.

A&G responded on 29 July 2019 with a counter-offer from SPH to purchase the
plaintiffs’ shareholding for a total of $10m. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Fong’s AEIC at p 5287.

24 After commencement of these proceedings, further relevant events occurred.
In November 2019, SSSPL sought a legal opinion from DSC on the merits of its
claim in the SISV Litigation (“the DSC Note”). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 288.

On 5 December 2019, Mr Fong, Mr Barakat-Brown and lawyers from DSC attended
mediation with the parties to the SISV Litigation. A settlement was reached,
whereby SISV and StreetSine would jointly issue a press release which
addressed SISV’s earlier statements (discussed at [15] above) that formed the
basis of the SISV Litigation (“SISV Settlement”). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 301 and pp 4857–4858.

In the press release, SISV stated that it recognised that computer-generated
valuations could facilitate pricing transparency for the public and enhance
the efficiency and productivity of property professionals, and strongly
recommended embracing such technology. The press release also contained an
acknowledgement from StreetSine that for transactions where a formal valuation
is required, the opinion of a licensed appraiser remained important. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Fong’s AEIC at p 4865.

No compensation was paid to SSSPL as part of the SISV Settlement.

SSTG’s judicial management and sale of SSSPL

25 During a board meeting held on 28 April 2020, Mr Barakat-Brown updated the
board that by the end of June, due to financial difficulties, StreetSine would
not be able to continue to trade. After considering his report, the majority
of the StreetSine board decided that StreetSine should be placed under
judicial management if shareholder funds were not forthcoming. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Fong’s AEIC at para 391.

No such funds were made available, and on 11 May 2020, SSTG and SSSPL applied
to be placed under judicial management (“JM Applications”). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Fong’s AEIC at pp 6417–6457.

The JM Applications were granted on 22 June 2020, and leave was given to
continue these proceedings against SSTG on the condition that it was to be
treated as a nominal defendant, and no substantive relief was sought against
it. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Fong’s AEIC at pp 7504–7513.

26 On 9 November 2020, the interim judicial managers (“IJMs”) of SSTG entered
into an agreement with 99 Group for the sale of all its shares in SSSPL as
well as some of its assets. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

100 AB 54331.

SPH had also made an offer for the purchase of SSTG’s shares in SSSPL, but the
IJMs accepted 99 Group’s offer instead. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

100 AB 54325.

The sale of SSSPL to 99 Group was completed on 1 December 2020 for
consideration of $8,429,729,56. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

100 AB 54332.

SSTG remains under judicial management.

Procedural history

27 In the course of proceedings I had to deal with a number of interlocutory
applications. I will mention two points.

28 The first concerns party representation. There are two aspects to this. One
is that on 17 June 2021, Mr Baker filed notice that he intended to act in
person. Mr Lee, however, would remain represented by Providence Law Asia LLP,
as they had both been hitherto. This raised the question of whether multiple
plaintiffs can proceed in this way, as ordinarily they should be represented
by one set of counsel. If plaintiffs engage different counsel, or one is in
person while the other is represented by counsel, there is then on one hand
the risk of inconsistent positions being taken and on the other hand the
possibility of inefficient use of court time where both plaintiffs seek to
address the court separately on the same points. It was immediately apparent
to me that Mr Baker was a sophisticated and articulate individual who felt
that he could best speak for the justice of his case. Sensibly, the defendants
did not make much of an objection, and I allowed the plaintiffs to proceed in
this way, subject to my control of time and on the basis of their stated
intention to take consistent positions. Thereafter, Mr Baker and Mr Lee’s
counsel worked together to divide the time appropriately and with minimal
duplication.

29 The other aspect of party representation concerned the fact that, of the
defendants, SPH and SPHI had one set of counsel from Allen & Gledhill LLP
while Mr Barakat-Brown had another set from the same law firm. The defendants
made applications for further security for costs from Mr Baker who is resident
outside the jurisdiction. I dismissed these applications on the principal
ground that Mr Baker (and Mr Lee) now had assets within the jurisdiction
(namely their indirect share of the sales proceeds for SSSPL held by the
judicial managers of SSTG) that were likely to exceed the quantum of any
adverse order for costs. While doing so, I observed that: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Minute Sheet, 23 September 2021 at para 8.

… the 4th defendant is represented by the same law firm as the 1st and 2nd
defendants. I do not decide anything at this stage, but the question whether
two parties represented by the same law firm may have separate costs ordered
in their favour will have to be considered in due course.

30 The second point is that, preparatory to applying for subpoenas to compel
attendance at trial, Mr Baker applied for dispensation of affidavits of
evidence-in-chief in respect of twelve witnesses, including the chairman,
chief executive officer and numerous employees of SPH, the judicial manager of
SSTG and even a partner of Allen & Gledhill LLP. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

HC/SUM 5208/2021 dated 16 November 2021.

First, as the application was only filed by Mr Baker, I required Mr Lee’s
counsel to confirm that he associated himself with the application and
reminded the plaintiffs they could have only one case for both of them, and
would be jointly and severally responsible for costs, if ordered. Secondly, as
Mr Baker is a litigant in person, albeit one working closely with Mr Lee’s
counsel, I explained the consequences of a party calling a witness as its own,
namely that leading questions may not be asked except in accordance with s 144
of the Evidence Act 1893 (the “EA”), and that the party is generally bound to
accept the truthfulness of that witness, unless the witness is impeached in
accordance with s 157 of the EA. These are important restrictions that operate
to discourage parties from calling witnesses speculatively, merely in hope
that they may give favourable evidence. Without them, trials would be
unnecessarily prolonged, a result that would not be in the interests of the
expeditious administration of justice. I allowed the application only in
respect of two witnesses, namely Ms Young Yim Nee Babsy (“Ms Young”), who was
a nominee of SPHI on SSTG’s board, and Mr Ng Yat Chung (“Mr Ng”), the CEO of
SPH.

Parties’ cases

Plaintiffs’ case

31 The plaintiffs contend that the defendants, instead of advancing
StreetSine’s interests, developed a plan to remove them so that SPH could gain
full control of StreetSine. Around 10 May 2018, the defendants plotted a
“bloodless coup”, whereby Mr Barakat-Brown would replace Mr Baker, with the
ultimate objective of devaluing the plaintiffs’ shares in SSTG such that SPHI
could acquire them for a cheap price. When this plan failed, the defendants
resorted to spilling “blood on the floor”, and removed the plaintiffs from
their executive roles on 17 December 2018. From that point onwards, the
defendants restricted the plaintiffs’ access to StreetSine’s systems and
information and acted in an oppressive manner to force the plaintiffs into
selling their shareholding at a low price. When they were unable to force the
plaintiffs to do so, they deliberately devalued StreetSine and placed it under
judicial management. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiffs’ joint closing submissions (“PCS”) at paras 3–7.

32 The plaintiffs rely on s 216 CA to seek an order that their shareholding in
SSTG be bought out by SPHI. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS at paras 302–306; SOC (Amendment No 3) at p 217–218.

The relevant parts of s 216 are as follows:

Personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice

216.—(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of a
declared company under Part 9, the Minister, may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including the applicant or in disregard of
his, her or their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures
of the company; or

…

(2) If on such application the Court is of the opinion that either of such
grounds is established the Court may, with a view to bringing to an end or
remedying the matters complained of, make such order as it thinks fit and,
without limiting the foregoing, the order may —

…

(d) provide for the purchase of the shares or debentures of the company by
other members or holders of debentures of the company or by the company
itself;

…

33 The plaintiffs claim that the following acts were committed by SPHI, and
constitute oppression under s 216(1)(a): 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS at para 139.

(a) SPHI excluded the plaintiffs from management from 17 December 2018.

(b) SPHI changed the direction of StreetSine’s business without the
plaintiffs’ approval in breach of the SHA.

(c) SPHI severed the plaintiffs’ access to StreetSine’s information,
documents, records and systems, business partners, employees and government
regulators in breach of their shareholder rights and the SHA.

(d) SPHI harassed the plaintiffs by commencing frivolous legal proceedings.

(e) SPHI destroyed StreetSine’s value so that they could place SSTG and SSSPL
under judicial management and thereby acquire full control of StreetSine and
the SRX Consortium at a lower price.

34 In respect of [33(a)] above, the plaintiffs argue that they had a
legitimate expectation that they would manage SSTG’s business until such time
that either of them ceased to be at least a 5% shareholder of SSTG. This legal
right arises from the express terms of the SHA and the P&COA. The plaintiffs
argue that Clauses 1.1, 3, 5.1 and 5.3 confer on them management rights which
are not limited in time. The intention was therefore for their management
rights to continue without any cut-off date. Their legitimate expectation of
management would only cease when each of them held less than 5% of shares in
SSTG, because Clause 3.3.3 provides that their right to appoint directors
ceases if their shareholding falls below that threshold. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS at paras 148–151.

The express terms of the P&COA impose restrictive covenants on the plaintiffs
that are linked to their shareholding rather than their employment in
management positions. This would only be commercially fair if the plaintiffs
retained management rights after their exit options had lapsed, for as long as
they remained shareholders. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at para 152.

Alternatively, the plaintiffs contend that the term that they would retain
their rights, authority and obligation to control and manage SSTG’s business
until such time that they ceased to be at least a 5% shareholder was an
implied term of the SHA. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at paras 156–160.

This right was continuing, and was reinforced by representations by SPH in
2017 and 2018. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS at para 282.

35 The plaintiffs also claim that the defendants conspired to cause them loss
by unlawful means. The defendants combined to exclude the plaintiffs from
management by terminating their executive roles. Around 8 May 2018, a plan was
hatched between Mr Barakat-Brown and Mr Ng, the CEO of SPH by then, to exclude
the plaintiffs from management of StreetSine. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at paras 244–255.

This was done by unlawful means because the plaintiffs had a legitimate
expectation to be involved in StreetSine’s executive management. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at paras 257–258.

The defendants also conspired to commit further oppressive acts against the
plaintiffs, such as denying their access to information and commencing
frivolous litigation against them. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS at paras 259–266.

Finally, the defendants conspired to place StreetSine into judicial
management, which was unlawful because it was oppressive and because it was a
breach of Mr Fong’s director’s duties. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS at paras 267 and 278.

As a result of these conspiracies, the plaintiffs suffered loss: loss of their
livelihood through their company and loss of profits from StreetSine’s
opportunity to achieve an efficient property market in Singapore and overseas.
The plaintiffs seek damages to be assessed. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS at paras 322–326.

36 The plaintiffs have also alleged that Mr Fong committed various breaches of
his duties as director of SSTG. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC (Amendment No 3) at paras 83–112.

However, in their joint written submissions, they have confirmed that they are
not seeking damages against Mr Fong for these breaches. Rather, these alleged
breaches form the basis for their claim against him in unlawful means
conspiracy. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS at para 237.

Thus, I will deal with these allegations when I deal with the plaintiffs’
conspiracy claim.

37 Apart from themselves, the plaintiffs called as their witnesses, under
subpoena, Ms Young and Mr Ng.

Defendants’ cases

38 The defendants submit that the plaintiffs’ case on conspiracy is based on
their own subjective belief of the circumstances and not on evidence. There is
no evidence of any combination or agreement between the defendants to do any
of the acts alleged by the plaintiffs. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Fourth defendant’s closing submissions (“4DCS”) at para 41.

Further, the alleged conspiracy is inherently incredible, because none of the
defendants stood to gain from it. In fact, they stood to lose because it was
in their interests for SSTG to grow in value. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

4DCS at paras 72–77.

39 While Mr Barakat-Brown did communicate with Mr Ng without the plaintiffs’
knowledge between 8 and 11 May 2018, there was nothing untoward about this. Mr
Ng simply wished to get to know Mr Barakat-Brown and discuss SSTG’s business
moving forward. These communications were not shared with the plaintiff
because Mr Ng did not see a need to, given that the plans he had discussed
with Mr Barakat-Brown were consistent with Mr Baker’s plan for StreetSine. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

First and second defendants’ closing submissions (“1DCS”) at paras 39–41.

40 The legal proceedings commenced against the plaintiffs were commenced in
good faith after multiple opportunities had been given to the plaintiffs to
address the issue of their unauthorised payments. Management decisions such as
settling the SISV Litigation were not taken to “devalue” StreetSine – they
were commercial decisions taken in StreetSine’s interests that the plaintiffs
happened not to agree with. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

4DCS at para 151.

StreetSine was placed in judicial management because it was in a precarious
financial position. The decision to do so was taken by the directors of SSTG
in the best interests of the company. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1DCS at paras 93–103.

41 Finally, the decision to terminate the plaintiffs on 17 December 2018 was a
considered and commercial one. The SSTG board made this decision after
considering the plaintiffs’ failure to meet revenue targets at every prior
juncture, and the cost of keeping them in their executive roles after Mr
Barakat-Brown had taken over from Mr Baker as CEO. This decision was taken
independently, and not on the instructions of SPH. When the plaintiffs were
terminated, they were terminated in accordance with the terms of their MAs. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1DCS at paras 61–62.

Removing them from their executive positions was not a breach of any of the
terms of the SHA, because the comprehensive suite of contractual agreements
entered into by parties at the time of SSTG’s acquisition by SPHI only
contemplated the plaintiffs being involved in executive management until 30
June 2018. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

1DCS at para 21.

42 For these reasons, the defendants say that there is no basis for either of
the plaintiffs’ claims, whether in minority oppression or unlawful means
conspiracy.

43 The defendants did not rely on any point that the plaintiffs had a
contractual right to exit under the P&COA as described at [13] above, a right
which arose when no Qualifying IPO was achieved by 31 December 2017. The
plaintiffs did not exercise this right and it terminated on 30 June 2018,
prior to the occurrence of the alleged acts of oppression on which the
plaintiffs rely in these proceedings.

44 SPH and SPHI called Ms Deborah Lee, who had been involved in SPHI’s
acquisition of SSTG in 2014, and Mr Tan as their witnesses. SSTG, being a
nominal defendant, did not call any witnesses. Mr Barakat-Brown testified on
his own behalf and called Mr McCune as a witness. Mr Fong testified on his own
behalf and did not call any witnesses.

Minority oppression

The applicable law

45 As the Court of Appeal held in Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and
another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (“Over & Over”) at [70], s 216 CA is underpinned by
the element of unfairness. Commercial unfairness is the touchstone by which
the court determines whether to grant relief under s 216 CA (Over & Over at
[81]). In assessing commercial unfairness, the court should bear in mind that
the essence of a claim for relief under s 216 CA lies in upholding the
commercial agreement between the shareholders of a company: Ascend Field Pte
Ltd and others v Tee Wee Sien and another appeal [2020] 1 SLR 771 at [29]. The
adjective “commercial” highlights that the inquiry is not limited to parties’
formal legal rights. The commercial agreement between shareholders can be
contained in a formal agreement such as the company’s constitutional
documents, a shareholders’ agreement, or other collateral agreements. The
commercial agreement can also come from an informal understanding among
shareholders: Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other
matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 at [172]. Such an informal understanding must be both
clear and shared, if it is be said to be a legitimate expectation; a mere
subjective expectation on the part of a minority shareholder is not relevant:
Lim Kok Wah v Lim Boh Yong [2015] 5 SLR 307, at [121]. There will be
commercial unfairness if, in light of the commercial agreement, there has been
“a visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and a violation of the
conditions of fair play which a shareholder [was] entitled to expect”: per
Lord Wilberforce in Re Kong Thai Sawmill (Miri) Sdn Bhd [1978] 2 MLJ 227,
cited in Over & Over at [77]. Ultimately, as the Court of Appeal has recently
explained in Senda International Capital Ltd v Kiri Industries and others and
another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 1 at [38]: “It is sufficient to say that a
minority shareholder is entitled to fair treatment, an ambulatory standard
bounded by the four limbs of s 216(1)”.

46 To organise the inquiry, when considering the plaintiffs’ complaints in
turn, I start with the commercial agreement of the parties relevant to that
complaint, if any, before determining whether there has been commercial
unfairness.

Issues to be determined in relation to minority oppression

47 The plaintiffs’ complaints can be organised under the following five sub-
headings:

(a) Did SPHI unfairly or oppressively exclude the plaintiffs from executive
management?

(b) Did SPHI unfairly or oppressively deny the plaintiffs access to
information, documents and records?

(c) Did SPHI settle the SISV Litigation unfairly or oppressively to the
plaintiffs?

(d) Did SPHI file a police report and commence litigation against the
plaintiffs unfairly or oppressively?

(e) Did SPHI place StreetSine under judicial management unfairly or
oppressively to the plaintiffs?

(f) Did SPHI change StreetSine’s strategic direction and manage its operations
unfairly or oppressively to the plaintiffs?

48 After reviewing the evidence for these complaints, I will consider my
findings against the overarching claim that SPH and SPHI “leverage[d] [their]
deep pockets to use oppressive tactics of the past to intimidate and pressure
[the plaintiffs] to sell [their] shares on the cheap”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE, 19 July 2022 p 13 lines 21–24.

This claim is sometimes also put in terms of acquiring the underlying business
on the cheap.

49 Finally, I will determine what remedy, if any, the plaintiffs are entitled
to.

Did SPHI unfairly or oppressively exclude the plaintiffs from executive
management?

What was the commercial agreement concerning the plaintiffs’ executive
management roles?

50 As I have summarised at [34] above, the plaintiffs have contended that they
had a legal right to continue to exercise certain executive management rights
until such time as they each ceased to hold 5% of the shareholding in
StreetSine. They seek to derive this right as an express term by construction
of the SHA, and alternatively as an implied term.

51 For both contentions, the plaintiffs rely on the background fact that
SPHI’s initial consideration for its acquisition of 60% of StreetSine did not
include any premium for control, as noted in a pre-acquisition memo, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1 PCB 212–213.

whose contents were prepared for and agreed to by the SPH Board. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 12 April 2022 p 195 lines 10–14.

I accept that SPH had negotiated the initial consideration without any control
premium. I also accept that this fact was known to all parties and is
appropriately to be considered when construing the SHA or the implication of
terms.

52 However, I am not able to accept that, after the termination of the MAs,
the plaintiffs held executive management rights by virtue of the SHA, whether
expressly or by implication, so long as they held 5% of the shareholding each.

53 The plaintiffs’ express term argument can be stated simply. First, the
capitalised word “Management” is defined in Clause 1.1 of the SHA to mean
“each of the Existing Shareholders in their capacities as Chief Executive
Officer (in the case of [Mr Baker] and Chief Technology Officer (in the case
of [Mr Lee]) of [SSTG and its related companies]”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

SOC (Amendment No 3) at para 23(b).

Secondly, some, but not all, of the references thereafter to “Management” are
expressly limited in time to expire on 30 June 2018. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

For example, Clauses 5.1.4 and 5.3.

Therefore, where there is no stated time limit for a particular power of the
“Management”, it continued to be exercisable by Mr Baker and Mr Lee after 30
June 2018. For example, Clause 5.1.1 of the SHA (see [12] above) describes how
the “Management” should “prepare and submit a draft updated Strategic Plan
(incorporating an annual Operating Budget…) to the Board for its review and
approval at least two months before the start of the next financial year of
the Company”. There is no stated time limit in this sub-clause, as compared to
Clause 5.1.4 where the “Management’s” conditional authority to make variations
to the Strategic Plan would end on 30 June 2018. Thus, while Mr Baker and Mr
Lee could not vary the Strategic Plan after 30 June 2018, they were still
entitled to prepare and submit the Strategic Plan incorporating an Operating
Budget for the following year. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 19 July 2022 p 27 lines 3–23.

54 The plaintiffs identified two other clauses potentially containing residual
or continuing powers after 30 June 2018. One was Clause 3.12.4 under which the
board would have to consult with the “Management” concerning bonuses and
increments of employees. The other was Clause 7.1.3 where the “Management’s”
primary focus was required to be on growth and development of business and
operations and the achievement of targets and milestones in the prevailing
Strategic Plan. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 19 July 2022 p 124 lines 2–26.

55 I am not persuaded by this contention. First, there is no logical business
reason for Mr Baker and Mr Lee to retain these disparate management powers
after ceasing to be employed as CEO and CTO respectively. For example, one
would expect any replacement CEO to be responsible for all aspects of the
Strategic Plan and Operating Budget without the suggested carve-out in favour
of the plaintiffs under Clause 5.1.1. Indeed, this is made clear in Clause
1.1, which defines “Management” as Mr Baker and Mr Lee in their capacities as
CEO and CTO. Once they ceased to be CEO and CTO respectively, any clauses
referring to “Management” would no longer refer to them. I do not accept the
opposite argument that because “Management” was defined as Mr Baker and Mr Lee
in their capacities as CEO and CTO, the SHA conferred on them a right to
remain as CEO and CTO, or otherwise to retain some or all of the functions and
powers usually associated with those roles. That is a strained reading of the
SHA, which in fact contradicts the terms of the MAs which provided for
termination after 30 June 2018 (see [11] above).

56 A further weakness in the plaintiffs’ contention is their suggestion that
their management rights under the SHA continued until either of them held less
than 5% of the shares in SSTG. They argue that this limit on their management
rights arises from Clause 3.3. Clause 3.3 provides that there shall be no
change to the shareholders’ rights to appoint directors so long as they retain
at least 5% shareholding. Clause 3.3 makes no reference to management or
management rights. It governs the shareholders’ rights to appoint directors.
In none of the clauses referring to rights of management is there a reference
to a minimum of 5% shareholding.

57 I consider that the SHA read as a whole does not support any concept of
continuing or residual powers vested in Mr Baker and Mr Lee. Much less does
the SHA suggest that these residual powers would be vested in them so long as
they retained 5% shareholding each. The natural way to provide for such powers
in a logical and coherent fashion would be to state expressly that even after
the plaintiffs ceased to be CEO and CTO respectively, they would retain
certain identified powers until they ceased to hold 5% shareholding.
Alternatively, Clause 1.1 could have simply defined “Management” as Mr Baker
and Mr Lee in their capacities as at least 5% shareholders. I should note that
lawyers were involved in the drafting of the SHA, and that the table of
contents and the structure of the SHA generally demonstrate an otherwise
logical approach to the parties’ respective powers, rights and obligations.

58 I turn next to the alternative contention that there was an implied term of
the SHA that the plaintiffs would retain their rights, authority and
obligation to control and manage SSTG’s business until such time that each
ceased to be at least a 5% shareholder. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PCS at para 156.

59 This contention fails at the first step identified in Sembcorp Marine v PPL
Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193, at [101],
namely that there be a gap in the contract uncontemplated by parties at the
time of contracting. It is plain that at the time of entry into the SHA,
parties had contemplated what Mr Baker’s and Mr Lee’s management rights would
be and how long they would last. On my construction of the SHA, they simply
ceased to have management rights pursuant to the SHA after 30 June 2018. This
did not preclude them continuing to be employed as CEO and CTO under the MAs
or having management roles under other agreements thereafter. Such roles would
depend on what was subsequently agreed between them and SSTG, and any powers
they might have after 30 June 2018 would be derived from those agreements (if
any) and not from the SHA.

60 As the concept of legitimate expectations extends beyond matters of
contractual right, I must consider whether there was any relevant legitimate
expectation beyond what the SHA provides. Defeating a legitimate expectation,
unlike breaching a contract, founds no potential contractual remedies but only
the possibility that such conduct amounts to commercial unfairness or
oppression so as to found relief under CA s 216. However, where contractual
rights are the product of informed negotiation between experienced
businesspersons, as is the case here, it will have to be shown clearly how and
why the minority shareholder should legitimately expect a state of affairs
that he had not secured in his contract, here the SHA. The principal point
made by the plaintiffs is that when they sold 60% of the company they received
no control premium, and hence they expected to continue to have control until
such time as they were paid for giving up that control. This point simply
cannot bear the weight of the plaintiffs’ contention. The SHA represents the
bargain that they struck concerning the state of affairs following their sale
of 60% of the company. The price that the plaintiffs received for that sale
must be taken to match what was bargained for in the SHA, which included
provisions that limited the control that SPHI would otherwise have had by
virtue of being majority shareholder. These limitations included the
plaintiffs’ management rights that, on my construction of the SHA, were
limited in time to the period until 30 June 2018, their rights to continue as
directors and the provision for reserved matters that was not bounded in time.
That SPHI did not pay for control is reflected in the provisions in fact
expressly agreed between parties and does not support additional unexpressed
limitations on SPHI’s rights as a majority shareholder. I am unable to find
any legitimate expectation that the plaintiffs would have management rights
after 30 June 2018, or indeed any role in management other than that of
remaining directors on the board as they were entitled to do under the SHA.

61 The plaintiffs argued that the fact that restrictive covenants against
competing with StreetSine endured so long as they remained shareholders rather
than ending on 30 June 2018 or upon ceasing to be employed as CEO and CTO
showed that they expected to remain in management even after 30 June 2018 and
after ceasing to be employees. I am not persuaded by this argument. The
restrictive covenants at Clause 6 of the P&COA appear to reflect similar
provisions at Clause 9 of the SPA, which also operate so long as Mr Baker or
Mr Lee remained as shareholders. The P&COA extends the benefit of the
covenants to SPH. Their purpose seems to be to protect SPH and SPHI as
purchaser from future competition from the vendor. This is not unusual and the
fact that Mr Baker and Mr Lee agreed to them relates to their position as
vendors. I do not consider that the restrictive covenants in the P&COA support
the argument that Mr Baker and Mr Lee expected a continuing role in management
even after 30 June 2018 and after ceasing to be executive employees.

62 I would go further. Not only was there no legitimate expectation that the
plaintiffs would have management rights after 30 June 2018, I also do not
accept that the plaintiffs even had a subjective expectation of such
continuing rights at the time of entry into the SHA. I find that it is an
afterthought.

Was their termination from executive roles commercially unfair?

63 The plaintiffs also argued that regardless of whether they had continuing
rights to remain in executive roles and notwithstanding that their termination
as employees was not in breach of their employment contracts, termination was
nonetheless oppressive because of its manner and the failure to consult them
about how StreetSine would operate thereafter. They pointed to the lack of a
transition period and argued that a “technology company without a CTO was like
a human without a brain”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Plaintiffs’ joint reply submissions (“PRS”) at para 62.

The plaintiffs are certainly right that when a majority in control of a
company terminates the management team in accordance with their constitutional
rights to do so this does not of itself preclude a finding of unfairness. A
lawful decision to terminate the management team could be made not in the best
interests of the company but to advantage the majority or prejudice the
minority.

64 This reflects the legal position that a board must make decisions in good
faith in what it considers is in the interests of the company and not for any
collateral purpose: see, for example Cheong Kim Hock v Lin Securities (Pte)
(in liquidation [1992] 1 SLR(R) 497, at [26], citing re Smith and Fawcett,
Limited [1942] 1 Ch 304, at 306.

65 However, in this case I am satisfied that the board decided to terminate
the plaintiffs in the good faith belief that this was in StreetSine’s best
interests, and did not do so for any improper or collateral purpose. In coming
to this view, I have noted the broader context that Mr Baker had himself
initiated his own stepping back from executive responsibilities in March 2018
because he wished to return to the USA. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 30 March 2022 p 82.

Moreover, Mr Baker had recommended Mr Barakat-Brown as his replacement as CEO
in his email to Mr Ng dated 3 May 2018, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

3 DCB 555–556.

describing him as a “world class CEO… who has already come up to speed”. Mr
Lee also supported Mr Barakat-Brown’s hiring. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE, 1 April 2022 pp 132–133.

Mr Barakat-Brown had duly become CEO from 1 June 2018. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1 DCB 466–467.

By the time of the plaintiff’s termination, Mr Barakat-Brown had been in place
for half a year. There is no reason to doubt that the SPHI nominee directors
genuinely believed that Mr Barakat-Brown could manage the business effectively
in the absence of the plaintiffs.

66 Indeed, when cross-examined, Mr Baker let slip that he had supported the
hiring of Mr Barakat-Brown as replacement CEO “because [he] would control
him”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 30 March 2022 p 84.

I find that Mr Baker’s subsequent dissatisfaction with Mr Barakat-Brown arose
from the fact that Mr Barakat-Brown undertook his duties as CEO independently
and did not allow himself to be controlled by Mr Baker. It is telling that
when Mr Barakat-Brown reported to Mr Baker by WhatsApp on 28 May 2018 that
terms were agreed with SPH and that he had signed the Service Agreement, Mr
Baker simply replied “Super”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

13 AB 6832.

67 Mr Tan explained the reasons for termination in detail, and I accept that
these were his genuinely held views and moreover that they had a reasonable
basis. The thrust of his evidence was that he assessed Mr Barakat-Brown to be
capable of running the business without Mr Baker and that it would be better
if he did so “without being micro-managed or constrained by frequent
interference”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Mr Tan’s AEIC at para 185(1).

The below-expectation performance of SSTG and the cost of keeping the
plaintiffs in executive roles were also relevant factors that he was entitled
to consider. I have of course formed no view on whether the decision was the
best one for the company in all the circumstances, only that it was a decision
that the board could properly take. It is not the court’s role to assess the
merits of management decisions – “there is no appeal on merits from management
decisions to courts of law: nor will courts assume to act as a kind of
supervisory board over decisions within the powers of management honestly
arrived at”: Lord Wilberforce in Howard Smith Ltd v Ampol Petroleum Ltd [1974]
AC 821 at 832; [1974] 1 All ER 1126, cited in Intraco Ltd v Multi-Pak
Singapore Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1064 at [30].

68 Accordingly, I reject the plaintiffs’ contention that their termination was
an act of oppression or commercially unfair. They had no expectation,
contractual or otherwise, to be involved in management of StreetSine after 30
June 2018. Their termination occurred after 30 June 2018. The decision to do
so was taken in the genuine belief that it was in the best interests of
StreetSine.

Did SPHI unfairly or oppressively deny the plaintiffs access to information,
documents, and records?

What was the commercial agreement concerning the plaintiffs’ access to
information?

69 Parties agreed that the plaintiffs should have access to information
pursuant to Clause 2.2.4 of the SHA, in addition to the rights that they would
have as directors under s 199 CA, which provides that:

Accounting records and systems of control

199.—(1) Every company must cause to be kept such accounting and other records
as will sufficiently explain the transactions and financial position of the
company and enable true and fair financial statements and any documents
required to be attached thereto to be prepared from time to time, and must
cause those records to be kept in such manner as to enable them to be
conveniently and properly audited.

…

(3) The records referred to in subsection (1) must be kept at the registered
office of the company or at such other place as the directors think fit and
must at all times be open to inspection by the directors.

70 It is a reasonable inference that the parties also agreed and understood
that the plaintiffs while carrying out executive roles should have such access
to information that they would need to properly perform those roles. However,
this right would come to an end if and when they ceased to have executive
roles.

Was there commercial unfairness in denying the plaintiffs access to
information, documents and records?

71 Once the plaintiffs were terminated from their executive roles, their
access to StreetSine’s systems was removed. They remained directors and in
that capacity continued to be invited to attend board meetings and receive the
board papers. While they had the right under Clause 2.2.4 of the SHA to
inspect accounting records by prior appointment during office hours, they did
not in fact make any formal request to inspect pursuant to this provision, a
fact that Mr Baker admitted during cross-examination. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE, 24 March 2022 p 212.

72 The plaintiffs’ complaints are principally twofold. One is that Mr Baker
was compelled to commence proceedings in the High Court to obtain access to
certain documents relying on his rights as a director under CA s 199 and that
not only was this application allowed but SSTG was also ordered to pay costs.
The other is that they were denied access to information and documents
relevant to the SISV Litigation.

73 An application under CA s 199 is readily allowed by the court and so it
proved in Mr Baker’s case. It is another matter altogether however to treat
the company’s resistance to such an application as an act of oppression. It
has not been established that the application was resisted in bad faith, as
opposed to, for example, legitimate concern about the scope of the documents
sought. Moreover, I accept the defendants’ contention that any prejudice to
the plaintiffs was eliminated upon SSTG’s compliance with the order obtained
by Mr Baker. I note further that the application under CA s 199 was both
commenced and concluded while these minority oppression proceedings were
afoot. I am not able to find that resistance to this application establishes
or fortifies the plaintiffs’ case.

74 As for information relevant to conduct of the SISV Litigation for the time
period after the plaintiffs were terminated from their executive management
roles, I hold that the degree of information to which they were entitled was
that appropriate for members of the board of directors. I do not find that
they were deprived of any specific information which they were entitled to
have as directors. The fact that Mr Barakat-Brown took over management conduct
of the SISV Litigation is no more than the natural and legitimate consequence
of the change in management.

Did SPHI settle the SISV Litigation unfairly or oppressively to the
plaintiffs?

What was the commercial agreement concerning settlement of the SISV
Litigation?

75 The plaintiffs complain that the SISV Litigation was settled without their
agreement as shareholders. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

SOC at para 79B(b).

Clause 3.11 of the SHA provides that:

Reserved Matters: … none of the Reserved Matters set out in Schedule 2 shall
be taken by [SSTG] unless with the prior written approval of one of more
Shareholder(s) collectively having not less than a Shareholding Percentage of
90 per cent.

Thus, whether the plaintiffs’ approval was required under the SHA depends on
whether settling the SISV Litigation was a reserved matter. Their argument is
that it fell within paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 of the SHA, as a “sale, transfer
or other disposal of any material assets of a Group company”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1 DCB 48.

The defendants criticise the contention as an afterthought, given that shortly
after their termination the plaintiffs wrote to SPH Chairman Dr Lee Boon Yang
requesting that the SISV Litigation be made a reserved matter, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

2 DCB 168, at item 12.

which implies that, at the time, the plaintiffs did not believe it was a
reserved matter. However, regardless of subjective beliefs at that time, it
remains necessary to construe the SHA to determine what was meant by “disposal
of a material asset”, and whether settling the SISV Litigation would come
within that.

76 Neither party adduced evidence from any accounting expert concerning how a
litigation claim may be classified in the financial statements of a Singapore
company. The defendants rested on the fact that the SISV Litigation was never
classified as an asset in StreetSine’s financial statements, a fact that Mr
Baker accepted during cross examination. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 24 March 2022 pp 7–8.

77 The plaintiffs did not elaborate on their contention that the SISV
Litigation was an asset. I would infer that its basis must be that the claims
sued on, namely the torts of conspiracy, causing loss by unlawful means and
malicious falsehood, were choses in action belonging to StreetSine. Any
property of StreetSine’s including choses in action would be its asset,
notwithstanding that the claims were for unliquidated damages.

78 In my view, in the context of the SHA, the word “asset” in the relevant
paragraph bears the meaning of an asset in an accounting sense. In other
words, it would apply only to property of StreetSine that was either
classified as an asset in its financial statements, or ought to have been so
classified under applicable accounting standards. The plaintiffs bore the
burden of proof to establish this. They did not adduce any evidence that the
SISV Litigation, not being so classified, ought to have been classified as an
asset under applicable accounting standards. Accordingly, I do not accept that
settlement of the SISV Litigation was a reserved matter.

79 I accept the defendants’ position that settlement of the SISV Litigation
was a matter for the SSSPL board. Thus, the commercial agreement was that the
settlement of the SISV Litigation did not require the plaintiffs’ approval.

Was the decision to settle the SISV Litigation commercially unfair?

80 I turn then to whether the SSSPL board’s decision to settle the SISV
Litigation was unfair or oppressive even though shareholder approval was not
required. The board took appropriate steps to assess the best course of action
including by obtaining the DSC Note. The DSC Note placed chances of success in
relation to at least some defendants as about even. It cautioned that “[e]ven
if StreetSine is successful in any of its claims, the damages … are not going
to be anywhere close to what StreetSine earlier had in mind e.g. in its 2 May
2018 report on the assessment of damages”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

4 DCB 590.

It also contained an estimate of fees that was substantial.

81 There were suggestions that the DSC Note was shaped by how instructions
were given by Mr Fong. I do not accept that this was the case. Certainly, the
board was entitled to rely on the DSC Note as an independent and competent
legal opinion concerning the prospects of the SISV Litigation.

82 Mr Baker and Mr Lee chose not to attend the board meeting at which the
board agreed to settle the SISV Litigation. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Mr Tan’s AEIC at paras 288 and 291.

Mr Tan has explained the considerations that the board took into account in
arriving at its decision. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Mr Tan’s AEIC at para 292.

I am satisfied that the decision was taken in good faith with the best
interests of StreetSine in mind. I do not accept that it was unfair or
oppressive to the plaintiffs.

83 I would make three further observations. The first is that the SISV
Litigation was prompted by genuine concern about the adverse business impact
on SSTG and SSPL of the SISV’s statements concerning the status of computer-
generated valuations. The second is that as additional defendants were added,
the risks associated with proceeding to trial naturally increased, because of
the possibility of costs orders being made in favour of some or all of the
defendants. The third is that Mr Baker’s views on both the strength of the
case and the likely amount of damages as expressed to Mr Fong by email of 20
April 2018 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

11 AB 5784.

(“ironclad evidence”) and by the 2 May 2018 report 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

2 PCB 787; 12 AB 6312.

(assessing compensatory damages at S$686.5m) were not backed up or
substantiated by any evidence adduced in these proceedings. Mr Barakat-Brown,
who prepared the 2 May 2018 report at a time before he became CEO (and so
while he was still trusted by Mr Baker), noted contemporaneously in his email
of 28 April 2018 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

2 PCB 785.

to Mr Baker that he had “turned up the dials on most of the assumptions so the
damages amount is higher” and the report contained “many easy vulnerabilities”
including “a conceptual double-counting”.

Did SPHI file a police report and commence litigation against the plaintiffs
oppressively?

84 The plaintiffs allege that “SPHI orchestrated a witch hunt” against them
and their associates so as to pressure them “to accept a low-ball offer to
sell their shares”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS at para 186.

85 The plaintiffs complain about a police report filed by Mr Barakat-Brown
concerning payments made to one Mr John Field and a $1,000 reimbursement to Mr
Baker’s wife for her purchase of a wide-angle lens. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PCS at para 188.

They also complain about the MC suit claiming $22,100. The MC Suit was filed
on 21 June 2019, shortly before Mr Barakat-Brown noted to the board that
substantial additional capital was needed. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS at para 191.

86 The plaintiffs did not show that these actions were without merit, let
alone frivolous. I do accept that the sums involved are relatively small
compared to the potential cost of pursuing them. To this extent, their pursuit
may be criticised for pettiness. But mere pettiness in causing the company to
pursue claims that are not plainly frivolous against a minority shareholder
would not of itself constitute unfair treatment in the absence of evidence
that similar or greater sins by others were left unchecked. However, if these
actions were connected with a plan to buy the plaintiffs’ shares cheaply, then
they would potentially support an inference of “a violation of the conditions
of fair play”. I will return to this when I consider the plaintiffs’ overall
grievance.

Did SPHI place StreetSine under judicial management oppressively?

87 The claim made is framed in the following terms: Mr Barakat-Brown’s
mismanagement engineered cash flow difficulties that SPHI took advantage of to
place SSTG and SSSPL into judicial management, so as to acquire StreetSine
assets on the cheap.

88 This complaint is unmerited for two principal reasons:

(a) Even if Mr Barakat-Brown had mismanaged the business (which has not been
proved by the plaintiffs), this does not eliminate the fact that the board was
faced with how to deal with the company’s cash flow difficulties for which the
moratorium that would accompany judicial management would be one solution;

(b) The board was entitled to take into account the fact that judicial
management, unlike out-of-court restructuring, would have the advantage of the
“involvement of a professional and independent third party, namely the
judicial manager, who would assist in running the companies and navigating
SSTG and SSSPL through the precarious situation free from the ongoing SSTG and
SSSPL board disputes, under the supervision of the High Court”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Mr Tan’s AEIC at para 322(6).

89 Nonetheless, the JM Applications could potentially have been unfair or
oppressive if they had truly been made as part of a larger scheme to oppress
the plaintiffs. I will return to the question of motive when I consider the
plaintiffs’ overarching claim.

Did SPHI change StreetSine’s strategic direction and manage its operations
unfairly or oppressively?

What was the commercial agreement concerning StreetSine’s strategic direction
and its operations?

90 Under Clause 2.1 of the SHA, the StreetSine business was to “facilitate
real estate and related transactions” by “providing digital integrated
application services, value-added information, and marketing services”.

91 Under paragraph 17 of Schedule 2 of the SHA, unilateral termination of a
line of business was a reserved matter. Under paragraph 18 of Schedule 2 of
the SHA, unilateral entry into a new line of business was also a reserved
matter. In light of Clause 3.11 of the SHA (see [75] above), the commercial
agreement was that shareholder approval from the plaintiffs was required to do
either of these things.

Was there a departure from this commercial agreement?

92 The plaintiffs allege that SPHI unilaterally changed the strategic
direction of StreetSine by disavowing the EPM vision. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCS at para 164.

EPM stands for efficient property market.

93 I have dealt with two aspects of this allegation in separate sections,
namely the settlement of the SISV Litigation and the filing of the JM
Applications. This leaves three limbs, namely:

(a) not executing the steps in what the plaintiffs term the “New IPO Plan”,
including raising of capital;

(b) terminating certain business with the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”);
and

(c) abandoning certain critical initiatives relating to mortgage processing
and collaboration with the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS at para 169.

94 The first thing to note is that these specific claims, even if true, do not
support the argument that there was a change of strategic direction away from
providing digital integrated application services. Taken at their highest,
they would demonstrate only that SPHI had not successfully pursued a public
offering and had not pursued certain potential aspects of business. In
general, this would simply fall within the category of business decisions in
respect of which minority disagreement does not equate to suffering prejudice
or unfair treatment.

95 Secondly, however, the claims made do not withstand scrutiny of the
evidence. Mr Tan explained in his evidence the attempts at capital raising
that foundered on a lack of interest from outside investors. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Mr Tan’s AEIC at para 156 and following.

Further, Mr Barakat-Brown has explained how limited and preliminary the
projects with SLA and HDB were. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Mr Barakat-Brown’s AEIC at paras 167–173.

I accept their evidence on these points. They were not seriously challenged on
the specifics. In truth, the plaintiffs have exaggerated the importance and
value of these collaborations.

96 Having considered the claims made and the evidence adduced in support of
them, it is clear that there was no unilateral termination of an existing line
of business within SHA Schedule 2 paragraph 17 or unilateral entry into a new
line of business within SHA Schedule 2 paragraph 18.

97 As part of their claim for minority oppression, the plaintiffs have also
criticised certain things that Mr Barakat-Brown did, such as extending the
credits programme for property agents who were subscribed to StreetSine’s
property platform to allow them to use credits earned for the purpose of
print-medium classified advertisements offered by SPH. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at para 184(f).

Much was made of this being a dealing with a related party. There was nothing
of substance to this criticism. Mr Barakat-Brown explained in his evidence 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Mr Barakat-Brown’s AEIC at paras 119–123.

that with weakening sales it was felt helpful to extend the credits programme
in this way. He was not challenged in cross-examination.

Overarching claim: SPH’s aim to acquire the plaintiffs’ shares or the
underlying business on the cheap

98 Underpinning the plaintiffs’ allegations is a narrative that SPH had a
scheme to acquire the plaintiffs’ shares or the underlying business on the
cheap and executed this plan through SPHI. While the same theme recurs in
relation to the conspiracy claim, it is important to consider it in relation
to the minority oppression claim. This is because such a scheme, if it
existed, would bear on whether SPHI exercised its rights as majority
shareholder in good faith as discussed in the preceding sections.

99 My first observation is that the plaintiffs’ narrative is not supported by
direct evidence of any such motive on SPH’s part. Moreover, the narrative is
not one of simple pressure put upon a minority shareholder to sell but a tale
of a convoluted scheme to somehow manipulate the sales process undertaken by
the judicial managers. It is cloak-and-dagger stuff of Machiavellian
proportions.

100 This leads me to the point that such a daring and ambitious scheme if it
existed must have involved SPH’s CEO, Mr Ng. Yet, the plaintiffs called Mr Ng
under subpoena as their own witness and at no time sought to impeach his
evidence as hostile. They are bound to accept his evidence of fact as truthful
(although a failure of recollection or mistake of memory on the part of one’s
own witness may be overcome by reference to other evidence). Mr Ng confirmed
that he did not know of any plans to sell SSSPL at the time of the judicial
management applications and had no intention to buy SSSPL. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Mr Ng’s AEIC, at p 68 VI(25).

During oral evidence-in-chief led by Mr Baker, he explained that SPH was
invited to bid by the judicial managers, and did so, but unsuccessfully. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE, 23 March 2022 pp 109–111.

That is really all there was to it.

101 I conclude that SPH did not engage in a scheme to acquire the plaintiffs’
shares or the underlying business on the cheap. In view of this conclusion,
the plaintiffs’ complaints about the police report and the MC Suit go no
further than revealing some pettiness on SPHI’s part. It also cannot be said
that the JM Applications were made with improper motives.

What remedy, if any, are the plaintiffs entitled to?

102 In view of my conclusion that the plaintiffs were not unfairly treated by
SPH and SPHI, this issue is moot. Accordingly, I do not consider remedies
including the question of whether any order should extend to SPH in addition
to SPHI.

Conclusion on minority oppression

103 The claim for minority oppression fails.

Conspiracy

The applicable law

104 The following elements must be satisfied in a claim for unlawful means
conspiracy (EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuiders (S) Pte
Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [112]):

(a) There was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts.

(b) The alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts.

(c) The acts were unlawful.

(d) The acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement.

(e) The plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

105 The Court of Appeal at [101] made clear that the requisite intention to
cause harm was far removed from mere foreseeability of harm:

A claimant in an action for unlawful means conspiracy would have to show that
the unlawful means and the conspiracy were targeted or directed at the
claimant. It is not sufficient that harm to the claimant would be a likely, or
probable or even inevitable consequence of the defendant’s conduct. Injury to
the claimant must have been intended as a means to an end or as an end in
itself.

106 It is worth noting that the Court of Appeal at [90] left unanswered the
“preliminary question ... whether unlawful means conspiracy continues to have
any relevance in our law as a basis of civil liability”. The Court of Appeal
dismissed the appeal because in any event the elements of combination and
intention were not made out. Since EFT Holdings, the plea of an unlawful means
conspiracy has become ever more frequent, and has, on occasion, succeeded.

107 As can be seen from my summary of the plaintiff’s submissions at [35]
above, the unlawful acts relied upon overlap with the alleged acts of
oppression. This raises the question whether what counts as an unlawful act
extends beyond civil wrongs, such as breaches of tortious, contractual or
fiduciary duties, or criminal offences, to acts of oppression that are not in
themselves a breach of any duty or bear any criminal character but are simply
relied on or potentially relevant for the purpose of a remedy under CA s 216.
The plaintiffs offered little argument, if any, for why the category of
unlawful acts should be extended in this way. In my view, there is no
principled basis for doing so. It is necessary for the plaintiffs to establish
a civil or criminal wrong. Conduct that is merely unfair is not by itself an
unlawful act. Thus, the plaintiffs must establish that the acts complained of
were unlawful, for example by being in breach of the SHA, or of the articles
of association or of directors’ duties, and not just unfair to them.

Issues to be determined in relation to unlawful means conspiracy

108 For the plaintiffs’ conspiracy claim, I will focus on the issue of whether
there were any unlawful acts on the part of the defendants that they combined
to carry out.

Were there any unlawful acts on the part of the defendants that they combined
to carry out?

Excluding the plaintiffs from executive management

109 The claim of a combination to exclude the plaintiffs from executive
management rests on three discussions that Mr Barakat-Brown had. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS at paras 244–258.

Two were with Ms Wu Sung Sung Janice (“Ms Wu”), SPH’s executive vice president
of its corporate development division. These took place on 1 November 2017 and
1 February 2018. The third was with Mr Ng and took place on 8 May 2018. As
will be apparent from the brief chronology at [16]–[17] above, these took
place after he had been engaged as an adviser but before he took over from Mr
Baker as CEO.

110 SPH disclosed emails that followed these discussions and which offer a
contemporaneous record of what transpired. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

1 November 2017: 9 AB 4709; 1 February 2018: 9 AB 5024; 8 May 2018: 2 PCB
822–823.

Mr Barakat-Brown for his part provided to SPH on 9 May 2018 his strategy and
execution notes for his transition into the role of CEO (“the 9 May 2018
Note”). 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

2 PCB 818–821.

111 It is clear from these documents that Mr Barakat-Brown, Ms Wu, Mr Fong, Mr
Tan and Mr Ng had concerns about Mr Baker’s management both in terms of his
people management (“talking to [Mr Baker] is akin to a ‘verbal assault’”) 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

9 AB 4709.

and his substantive focus (“the focus should shift from tech-centric to
customer first”). 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

2 PCB 822.

There is nothing in these documents that suggests that the views were not
genuinely held.

112 There is nothing unlawful about a majority shareholder discussing with a
prospective CEO concerns about the role of the founder. Keeping the substance
of these discussions to themselves is entirely lawful, and within their
rights. There is no legal obligation that a shareholder, whether one in the
majority or one in the minority, must speak to management only with the
knowledge and participation of all other shareholders. What good corporate
governance requires is something distinct, namely that management ultimately
reports to the board of directors, which is the body empowered under the
articles of association to manage the business of the company.

113 Moreover, discussing “tapering [Mr Baker’s] involvement” was in line with
Mr Baker’s own declared intention of moving back to the USA. Thinking of
looking for an investor who might offer to buy out Mr Baker was also lawful.
It would ultimately be for Mr Baker to agree whether to sell and at what
price. Indeed, Mr Ng’s statement that “If the price is right we might want to
exit too” 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

2 PCB 822.

shows that there was no plan to pressure the plaintiffs to sell to SPH
cheaply.

114 The plaintiffs contend that the 9 May 2018 Note was kept secret from them,
and materially departed from the plans for StreetSine to which the plaintiffs
had agreed. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at paras 252 to 256.

I do not accept this contention. Far from being kept secret, Mr Barakat-Brown
testified that before he emailed the 9 May 2018 Note to Mr Ng, he discussed it
in draft with Mr Baker, who knew he would be sending it to Mr Ng. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Mr Barakat-Brown’s AEIC at para 40.

This evidence was not challenged during cross-examination nor was it directly
contradicted by Mr Baker’s own evidence. Further, my own reading of the 9 May
2018 Note is that it is not materially different from what Mr Baker himself
envisaged as the way forward at the time, as expressed in his email to Mr Ng
dated 3 May 2018. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

3 DCB 555–556.

In Mr Baker’s e-mail, he highlighted four strategic initiatives that he was
focused on for StreetSine:

(a) winning the SISV Litigation;

(b) optimizing Singapore operations, primarily through automation;

(c) expanding into Hong Kong as a test case for other international expansion
and to support the IPO plan; and

(d) raising capital per the IPO plan.

The 9 May 2018 Note identified resolving the SISV Litigation in StreetSine’s
favour as a strategic priority. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

2 PCB 819.

It detailed operational improvements that were necessary to address the
changing needs of StreetSine. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

2 PCB 821.

It considered that, while succeeding in Singapore was a priority, laying the
foundations for international expansion was appropriate, and that “Hong Kong
[was] a logical expansion”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

13 AB 6832.

The plaintiffs’ real complaint with the 9 May 2018 Note was that it contained
a “possible path forward” which entailed “enter[ing] into new service
agreements with [Mr Baker] and [Mr Lee] for the roles they [were] needed to
perform”. I do not see any merit in this complaint given that Mr Baker
specifically recommended that the board approve Mr Barakat-Brown’s hiring as
CEO in his e-mail of 3 May 2018. This meant that Mr Baker’s role necessarily
had to change. Moreover, the question of the future roles of Mr Baker and Mr
Lee was a legitimate one for the prospective CEO to discuss with the majority
shareholder. After all, as CEO he would have to manage them (as part of his
management of the business) in the performance of whatever executive roles
they retained, notwithstanding that as CEO he would also be accountable to the
board (as a whole) of which they would remain members.

115 In view of this reading, I accept Mr Ng’s testimony that he did not see
“any conflict” or “any daylight” between what Mr Baker was telling him and
what Mr Barakat-Brown was telling him. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE, 23 March 2022, pp 173–174.

116 I hold that this alleged conspiracy was nothing more than SPH considering
options that were lawful and within their rights and discussing them with Mr
Barakat-Brown as they were entitled to do. Moreover, a majority shareholder is
entitled to disagree with a minority shareholder and take steps which it
considers to be in the best interests of the company.

117 Ultimately, there is a mistaken premise underlying the plaintiffs’
submissions, namely that Mr Barakat-Brown had a duty to report to Mr Baker
personally and that Mr Baker had a right to “control” Mr Barakat-Brown. The
true position is that Mr Baker and Mr Lee would be accountable to Mr Barakat-
Brown as CEO in relation to the performance of any continuing executive roles
they had notwithstanding that he would concurrently be accountable for his
performance as CEO to the board of which they would remain members. Such
double-hatting, as the expression goes, is fine in theory, but can be
difficult in practice, especially when egos intervene.

Denying access to information

118 There was nothing unlawful in how the defendants approached the question
of the plaintiffs’ access to information. As explained at [73] above, it was
within SSTG’s rights to resist the application, and once an order was made it
was duly followed.

Commencing frivolous litigation

119 As I have explained at [86] above, the litigation was not shown to be
frivolous. There was nothing unlawful about the defendants’ conduct in
relation to such litigation.

Placing StreetSine under interim judicial management

120 Again, applying for interim judicial management (especially given that the
application was granted), cannot conceivably be characterised as an unlawful
act. The plaintiffs have not proved that Mr Barakat-Brown was responsible for,
let alone engineered, StreetSine’s financial difficulties. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PCS at para 268.

Their suggestion that SPH “could have provided an emergency loan to SSTG prior
to the JM Applications to avoid immediately placing SSTG and SSSPL into JM”
138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PCS at para 270.

is irrelevant unless SPH was under a duty to do so. It was not contended that
they were under any such duty. It is clear that they were not.

Breach of director’s duties

121 The plaintiffs alleged that Mr Fong breached his duties as a director. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PCS at paras 220–237.

The core of their allegations is that as chairman and director he subordinated
the interests of StreetSine to those of SPH. Thus, his support for their
removal from their management roles, the litigation against them and the
discussions he had with others without including the plaintiffs are
characterised as being for an improper purpose or in bad faith.

122 I do not accept these allegations. It was agreed that the board would be
structured to include three nominees of SPHI. This is captured in Clause 3.2
of the SHA. That the nominees were also either employees or former employees
of SPH was known to the plaintiffs. Nominated directors owe fiduciary duties
to the company just as any other director does and are not subordinate to or
subject to the control of the person who nominated them. The SPHI-nominee
directors were obliged to act in good faith in the best interests of
StreetSine, and were not subject to SPHI’s direction. I am satisfied that Mr
Fong like the other SPHI-nominees kept that duty in mind and did not take
directions from SPH. The fact that SPH also considered that its interests were
better served by, for example, terminating the plaintiffs from their
management roles and filing applications for interim judicial management does
not mean that such decisions by its nominees were made under direction or were
tainted by any improper purpose.

Conclusion on conspiracy

123 For completeness, I will make brief observations on intention and loss. As
is clear in the passage from EFT Holdings that I have cited at [105] above,
the injury to the plaintiffs must have been an end or the means to an end.
Such an intention is wholly missing in this case. The plaintiffs may not have
agreed with the defendants’ approach to StreetSine’s strategic direction or
management, and undoubtedly believed they knew best or better than the
defendants. It may well be that the defendants were wrong and the plaintiffs
were right. However, it is clear on the evidence that the defendants’ desire
and intention was to preserve or maximise StreetSine’s value. Such an
intention, if successfully carried out, would benefit the minority as much as
the majority. Judicial management was a last resort process that the
defendants hoped would both sidestep the disputes among shareholders and
address the cashflow difficulties faced by StreetSine. The judicial managers
carried out their duties independently. I have already rejected the
plaintiffs’ narrative of SPH and SPHI engaging in a scheme to buy their shares
or the underlying business cheaply.

124 As for loss, the plaintiffs’ claim of $1,678,246,487 in damages 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PCS at para 326.

was staggeringly overblown. First, it proceeded on the basis of putting them
in the position they think they would have been if StreetSine had performed in
accordance with their EPM vision. This is the wrong measure of damages, framed
as it is in terms of performance, as if this were a breach of contract claim.
Instead, it should be framed by comparison to the position that they would
have been in if the unlawful acts had not occurred. The plaintiffs have far
from proven that, had none of the allegedly unlawful acts occurred, they would
have achieved their EPM vision. Further, no expert evidence was tendered of
StreetSine’s value at any time. The following data points were in the
evidence: first, the price at which SPH made its acquisition in 2014, valuing
the company as a whole at $50 million; and secondly, the Indicative Proposal
in 2018 valuing the company as a whole at $85 million. These valuations do not
begin to support an overall value of the company exceeding $4 billion. In oral
closing, the plaintiffs raised the possibility of a separate assessment of
damages. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE, 19 July 2022 p 142 line 14 to p 147 line 23.

The hearing was not bifurcated although I accept that in relation to the
minority oppression claim, if successful, the price of any buy out would be
for subsequent determination. However, there are two further difficulties.
First, and tellingly, the absence of expert evidence at the hearing is
traceable to the plaintiffs’ litigation strategy. Had an expert been
proffered, that person would have had to defend the plaintiffs’ hyperbolic
assertions of value. Secondly and fundamentally, actionable loss or damage is
a necessary element in the tort of unlawful means conspiracy. On the evidence
and submissions at the conclusion of trial, the plaintiffs had not properly
identified and established such loss or damage.

125 I dismiss the plaintiffs’ unlawful means conspiracy claim.

Counterclaim

126 SPHI has also brought a counterclaim against the plaintiffs for breach of
Clause 8.2 of the SPA, under which the plaintiffs agreed to pay to SSTG or
SSSPL the sum of any tax liability arising before 31 October 2014, and
payments connected to that tax liability. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

SPHI’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 119–120.

The plaintiffs put SPHI to proof of this counterclaim but did not raise a
positive defence whether in pleadings or submissions. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 88.

127 During cross examination, Mr Lee accepted the amounts claimed. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE, 1 April 2022 pp 34-37.

128 SPHI has produced a letter from IRAS demanding payment of $8,364.87 from
SSTG for additional tax for 2013. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Tan’s AEIC at pp 4499–4500.

They have also produced a letter from IRAS confirming a subsequent refund of
$3,957.94 to SSTG. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Tan’s AEIC at pp 4514–4515.

Thus, SPHI has proved that SSTG paid net $4,406.93 additional tax for 2013. In
addition, SPHI produced an invoice from Regnum Corporate Services Pte Ltd to
SSTG for the sum of $6,420.00, for advice and correspondence with IRAS in
connection with the additional tax liability for 2013. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Tan’s AEIC at p 4519.

129 Accordingly, I allow SPHI’s counterclaim and order that the plaintiffs pay
SSTG the sum of $4,406.93 and SSPL the sum of $6,420.00.

Conclusion

130 Many of the plaintiffs’ complaints concern events after they filed these
proceedings on 30 August 2019, including the settlement of the SISV Litigation
and the filing of the JM Applications. Had I found merit in the plaintiffs’
claims, I would have had to consider whether: (a) the causes of action had
arisen prior to commencement of proceedings, such that these later events
merely continued or worsened an already actionable state of affairs; or (b)
the plaintiffs were impermissibly relying on events post-commencement of
proceedings to complete causes of action that were inchoate as of 30 August
2019. Given my conclusion on the merits of the complaints as a whole, it has
not been necessary for me to undertake this exercise.

131 The plaintiffs have not shown that they were victims of oppression or of a
conspiracy. I dismiss the claim in its entirety and allow SPHI’s counterclaim.
Parties are to file written submissions on costs limited to 20 pages for the
plaintiffs jointly and 10 pages for each of the defendants within 14 days of
the date of this judgment, with a right of reply within 7 days thereafter,
limited to 10 pages for the plaintiffs jointly and 5 pages for each of the
defendants. I will then make my decision on costs.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
The first plaintiff in person;

Mohamed Nawaz Kamil and Ngo Wei Shing (Wu Weishen) (Providence Law Asia LLC)
for the second plaintiff;

Aaron Lee Teck Chye, Xu Jiaxiong Daryl, Chong Xue Er, Cheryl and Lim Wei Ying
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first and second defendants;

Ng Lip Chih (instructed) and Rezvana Fairouse d/o Mazhardeen (NLC Law Asia
LLC) for the third defendant;

Tan Kai Liang, Chua Xinying, Jonathan Kenric Trachsel and Leong Wen Wei,
Michael (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the fourth defendant;

Cai Zhenyang Daniel, Tan Shihao, Sean and Sim Hong (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
fifth defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Sep 2022 (11:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

