Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 129

Suit No 701 of 2019

Between

| RMD Kwikform Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ehub Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract — Breach]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Express terms]

[Contract — Remedies — Damages]

[Evidence — Principles — Necessity for best evidence — Authenticity of
documentary evidence]

[Limitation Of Actions — Equity and limitation of actions — Laches]

[Limitation Of Actions — Particular causes of action — Contract — Limitation
Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
RMD Kwikform Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Ehub Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 129

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 701 of 2019  
S Mohan J  
4, 6, 11–12, 25 May, 13 September, 29 November 2021

27 May 2022 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

Introduction

1 The present dispute centres on the plaintiff’s claims for unpaid sums
allegedly owed by the defendant in relation to equipment that the plaintiff
hired out to the defendant for use in five construction projects. The
defendant denies the plaintiff’s claims and advances various counterclaims
against the plaintiff which arise out of these same five projects.

Facts

2 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore and is in the business
of the hire and sale of equipment for formwork, falsework, access and safety.
It is fully owned by RMD Kwikform Holdings Ltd, a company registered in the
United Kingdom. The plaintiff is also part of the “RMD Kwikform” global group
of companies. The RMD Kwikform group of companies conducts its business
principally in the United Kingdom, the Philippines, the Asia-Pacific region,
the Middle East, India, and North and South America. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Wilfred Cuperus (“Mr Cuperus’s AEIC”), paras
3–4 (1BA 4).

3 The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore and has been in the
business of erecting scaffolding systems for construction projects since its
incorporation in 2002. The managing director of the defendant is Mr Choo Wei
Fern, also known as Mr Edward Choo (“Mr Choo”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Choo Wei Fern (“Mr Choo’s AEIC”), paras 1
and 3 (2BA 557–558).

4 Between 2011 and 2014, the defendant engaged the plaintiff to supply
scaffolding systems and equipment on hire for use in the following residential
housing construction projects (collectively, the “Projects”): 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Choo’s AEIC, para 4 (2BA 558).

(a) One Canberra at 9 Canberra Drive, Singapore 768070 (“One Canberra”);

(b) Forestville Executive Condominium at 36 Woodlands Drive 16, Singapore
737772 (“Forestville”);

(c) Sea Horizon at Pasir Ris Rise, Singapore 518080 (“Sea Horizon”);

(d) Twin Fountains Executive Condominium at 17A Woodlands Avenue 6, Singapore
738998 (“Twin Fountains”); and

(e) The Nassim at 18 Nassim Hill, Singapore 258465 (“Nassim Hill”).

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

5 According to the plaintiff, the parties had entered into written agreements
for each of the Projects, pursuant to which the plaintiff supplied, among
others, scaffolding and equipment to the defendant. Details of the written
agreements (collectively, the “Agreements”) are as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), paras 10–11.

(a) For the One Canberra project, quotation PRS0036-Q002-B dated 12 March 2013
(the “One Canberra Agreement”);

(b) For the Forestville project, quotation PRS000166-FV-Q020F-Rev 2 dated 2
May 2014 (the “Forestville Agreement”);

(c) For the Sea Horizon project, quotation PRS00183-SH-REV2-Q039-E dated 8 May
2014 and quotation PRS000189-SH-Rev-Q039-G dated 2 June 2014 (collectively,
the “Sea Horizon Agreement”);

(d) For the Twin Fountains project, quotation PRS00137-Q038-C dated 22 April
2014 (the “First Twin Fountains Agreement”) and quotation PRS00137-TF-Q038-D1
dated 9 December 2014 (the “Second Twin Fountains Agreement”) (collectively,
the “Twin Fountains Agreement”);

(e) For the Nassim Hill project:

(i) Quotation 11306-Q4185-A dated 5 August 2011;

(ii) Quotation 11306-Q4161-C dated 5 December 2011;

(iii) Quotation PS0005-Q4359-A dated 18 January 2012; and

(iv) Quotation PS0005-Q4401-C dated 12 March 2012.

(collectively, the “Nassim Hill Agreement”).

6 The plaintiff’s case is that for each of the Projects, the plaintiff issued
a quotation to the defendant setting out the agreed terms between the parties,
after the parties had negotiated the terms of their business engagement. These
quotations make up the Agreements detailed above at [5]. For the One Canberra,
Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin Fountains Agreements, the express terms
contained therein were accepted by the defendant when its representatives
countersigned on the respective quotations. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PCS, paras 12–13.

While the defendant’s representatives did not countersign on the quotations
which formed the Nassim Hill Agreement, the plaintiff contends that those
quotations were nonetheless issued in accordance with the terms and conditions
agreed between the parties. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PCS, para 14.

7 Broadly speaking, each of the Agreements contained, among other things:

(a) a quotation for a weekly rate that the plaintiff would charge the
defendant for equipment on hire, which “may vary slightly depending on actual
quantities required and actual site conditions”; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See eg, 1BA 61 and 63.

(b) quotations for various “proprietary sale items” and “special sale items”;
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See eg, 1BA 63–64.

(c) the rates the defendant would be charged for equipment that it lost or
failed to return; 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See eg, Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 21 July 2021 (“SOC”), para
13.

and

(d) the respective rates the defendant would be charged for equipment returned
to the plaintiff in a “damaged but repairable” condition (“DR”) or “damaged
beyond repair” condition (“DBR”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See eg, SOC para 6.

8 Based on the terms contained in the Agreements and the plaintiff’s internal
records of equipment hired or sold to the defendant, the plaintiff claims that
the defendant owes it outstanding sums in relation to each of the Projects.
The plaintiff’s claims can be categorised into the following four categories:
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCS, para 52.

(a) outstanding fees for equipment hired out by the plaintiff to the defendant
(“hiring fees”);

(b) outstanding fees for equipment purchased by the defendant from the
plaintiff (“purchase fees”);

(c) outstanding fees for equipment lost by the defendant or which the
defendant failed to return, calculated using the rates referred to at [7(c)]
above (“shortage fees”); and

(d) outstanding fees for equipment returned by the defendant in DR or DBR
condition, as the case may be, calculated using the rates referred to at
[7(d)] above (“damage fees”).

9 A breakdown of the plaintiff’s pleaded claims is set out below: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS, para 53.

Project| Hiring Fees| Purchase Fees| Shortage Fees| Damage Fees  
---|---|---|---|---  
One Canberra| S$16,832.48| S$1,878.68| S$80,055.91| S$89,280.23  
Forestville| S$91,270.20| S$15,366.98| S$9,116.37| S$103,032.24  
Sea Horizon | S$13,651.81| -| S$88,417.80| S$119,719.29  
Twin Fountains| S$70,189.51| S$857.64| -| S$40,793.86  
Nassim Hill| S$13,924.46| -| S$198,625.50| S$112,175.72  
Sub-total| S$205,868.46| S$18,103.30| S$376,215.58| S$465,001.34  
Total| S$1,065,188.68  
  
10 As noted at [8] above, the plaintiff relies on its own internal records to
quantify its claims. These are documentary records extracted from “Axapta”, a
computer software that the plaintiff uses to help keep track of equipment on
hire and fees payable. These documents or records consist of hire return
notes, delivery notes, hire tax invoices, tax invoices, credit notes, damage
documents, and project movement and balances. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Adrian De Los Santos (“Mr De Los Santos’s
AEIC”), paras 4–5 (2BA 547–548).

I will refer to these documents collectively as the “Axapta Records”. In
addition, the plaintiff relies on the expert report of Mr Colin A Williamson
(“Mr Williamson”) to argue that the quantification of its claims has been
verified as accurate and should therefore be accepted by the court. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PCS, para 69.

The defence

11 The defendant denies that it owes the plaintiff any outstanding fees. Its
defence can broadly be divided into five prongs. First, the defendant
challenges the authenticity of the Axapta Records. The defendant had, pursuant
to O 27 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) filed a notice of non-
admission with regard to the authenticity of almost all of the Axapta Records
that had been disclosed in the plaintiff’s List of Documents filed on 2
January 2020. More than 6,500 documents that form the bulk of the Axapta
Records were objected to by the defendant on the grounds of authenticity. The
defendant argues that the plaintiff failed to discharge its burden of proving
the authenticity of the Axapta Records, and accordingly that the Axapta
Records are inadmissible. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), para 41.

Given that the plaintiff relies heavily on the Axapta Records to quantify and
prove its claims, the defendant argues that there is no basis for the
plaintiff’s claims to be allowed if the Axapta Records are not admitted into
evidence.

12 Second, the defendant argues that in any case, the Axapta Records do not
support the plaintiff’s quantification of its claims. In this regard, the
defendant disputes the expert report produced by Mr Williamson, and instead
urges the court to rely on the report of its expert, Mr Chin Pay Fah @ Chin
Bay Fah (“Mr Chin”). Based on a review of the Axapta Records, Mr Chin
concluded that the defendant had in fact paid more than what the plaintiff was
owed. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DCS, para 155.

The defendant contends that therefore, it is not liable to pay any further
sums to the plaintiff.

13 Third, and alternatively, the defendant argues that it is not bound by the
terms contained in the Agreements. While the defendant does not dispute that
its representatives signed four of the Agreements (namely the One Canberra,
Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin Fountains Agreements), the defendant argues
that it only agreed to some but not all of the terms set out in the
Agreements. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCS, para 47.

Instead, the defendant’s case is that the plaintiff’s general manager, Mr
Christopher Tan (“Mr Tan”), and the defendant’s Mr Choo had reached a separate
agreement concerning the terms on which the plaintiff would supply equipment
to the defendant. Contrary to the plaintiff’s position that hiring fees would
be charged based on the equipment actually delivered, the defendant alleges
that the parties agreed that hiring fees would be charged based on “the block
price quoted” 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) dated 3 August 2021 (“Defence”),
paras 6, 19, 37 and 47.

or on a “per block basis”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence, para 60.

In cross-examination, Mr Choo clarified that this meant that the plaintiff
would charge the weekly hire rate stated in the quotations (see [7(a)] above)
as a fixed weekly rate, regardless of what equipment was actually delivered.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”), 12 May 2021, p 13 lines 23–30, p 14 lines 15–16, p
17 lines 14–21.

In addition, contrary to the plaintiff’s position that the defendant would be
charged for lost or damaged equipment based on the rates set out in the
quotations (see [7(c)] and [7(d)] above), the defendant claims that Mr Tan and
Mr Choo agreed that the defendant would be charged based on the actual loss or
damage caused, or the actual cost of repairs. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence, paras 6, 19, 37, 47 and 60.

14 The fourth prong of the defendant’s case consists of miscellaneous defences
that the defendant raises in response to specific categories of the
plaintiff’s claims, or specific Projects. These miscellaneous defences
comprise contentions that: (a) the plaintiff has double-counted certain items
in the invoices it issued to the defendant; (b) the plaintiff reached
settlement agreements with the defendant in respect of some claims; or (c)
that the plaintiff is time-barred from pursuing some claims. Given that these
defences pertain to specific parts of the plaintiff’s claims, I do not intend
to set out these defences in detail at this juncture. Instead, I will address
these defences in greater detail when I consider the merits of the plaintiff’s
claims at [74]–[172] below.

15 The fifth and final prong of the defendant’s case is that there are implied
terms in the One Canberra, Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin Fountains
Agreements that: (a) the equipment supplied would be fit for purpose and free
from damage or defects; and (b) the equipment would be supplied within a
reasonable time of between six and eight weeks from the date of the Agreement
concerned. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence, paras 7, 20, 38 and 48.

However, this defence was not canvassed or developed in the defendant’s
closing submissions or reply submissions.

The defendant’s counterclaims

16 The defendant’s counterclaims are as follows:

(a) In respect of the One Canberra and Twin Fountains projects, the defendant
claims that it carried out an assessment of lost or damaged equipment and
prepared a final account summary at the plaintiff’s request. This allegedly
resulted in the defendant incurring an administrative and management cost of
S$15,000 per project, which it now claims from the plaintiff. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence, paras 17, 57 and 77(i).

(b) In respect of the Forestville project, the defendant claims that it
overpaid the plaintiff by S$41,708.13, and that it is entitled to the return
of this sum. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence, paras 28 and 77(ii).

(c) In respect of the Nassim Hill project, the defendant claims that as a
result of the plaintiff’s delayed delivery of equipment, the defendant
incurred a back charge of S$41,400, which the plaintiff (through its
representative in Singapore at the time, Mr Noel Kennedy (“Mr Kennedy”))
agreed to indemnify the defendant for. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence paras 70 and 77(iii)(a).

In addition, the defendant claims that due to the plaintiff’s late delivery of
minima plywood for this project, the defendant incurred a back charge from the
main contractor Shimizu Corporation (“Shimizu”), amounting to S$71,300. The
defendant also alleges that it had no choice but to use the existing plywood
on site, which subsequently resulted in a further cost of S$10,000 to change
the plywood. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence, paras 71, 77(iii)(b) and 77(iii)(c).

Issues to be determined

17 Based on the background facts summarised above, I consider that the
following issues arise to be determined:

(a) Has the plaintiff proven the authenticity of the Axapta Records (“Issue
1”)?

(b) Are the parties bound by the terms contained in the five Agreements
(“Issue 2”)?

(c) Do the Agreements contain the implied terms contended for by the defendant
(“Issue 3”)?

(d) If Issues 1 and 2 are answered in the affirmative, do the Axapta Records
and the other available evidence support the plaintiff’s claims (“Issue 4”)?
In determining this issue, I will first address the expert reports produced by
both sides, and then consider the evidence marshalled by the plaintiff in
support of its claims together with the miscellaneous defences raised by the
defendant (see [14] above).

(e) Finally, is the defendant entitled to its counterclaims (“Issue 5”)?

Issue 1: Has the plaintiff proven the authenticity of the Axapta Records?

18 As noted above at [11], the defendant argues that the plaintiff has not
proven the authenticity of the Axapta Records. Where the authenticity of a
document is disputed, the steps that a party needs to take to prove the
authenticity of the disputed document were summarised by the Court of Appeal
in CIMB Bank Bhd v World Fuel Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal
[2021] 1 SLR 1217 (“CIMB”) at [54] as follows:

… A party who has the burden of proving the authenticity of a document first
has to produce primary or secondary evidence thereof, ie, the alleged original
or a copy, within the provisions of the [Evidence Act]. Thereafter, it also
has to prove that the document is what it purports to be. …

19 In other words, the test for proving the authenticity of a document is
twofold. The first step to proving authenticity is to adduce the original
document for the inspection of the court, or if one of the exceptions under
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”) applies, secondary evidence of
the disputed document (eg, a copy of the document). The second step is to
adduce evidence that the document is what it “purports to be”. With this
framework in mind, I turn to the facts of the present case.

Step 1: Has the plaintiff produced primary or secondary evidence of the Axapta
Records?

20 The defendant complains that the plaintiff has not produced the “original”
Axapta Records and has only produced copies thereof. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DCS, para 19.

Yet as suggested at [19] above, there is no strict requirement that a party
must produce the original of a disputed document in order to prove its
authenticity. For this reason, I find that the defendant’s objection is not a
stumbling block to the plaintiff’s case. Rather, in my view, the more
pertinent question to ask is whether the present case falls within any of the
exceptions in the EA, such that the plaintiff is entitled to rely on secondary
evidence of the Axapta Records.

21 In this regard, while the plaintiff has not expressly referred to s 67A of
the EA, I note that this section provides as follows:

Proof of documents in certain cases

67A. Where in any proceedings a statement in a document is admissible in
evidence by virtue of section 32(1), it may be proved by the production of
that document or (whether or not that document is still in existence) by the
production of a copy of that document, or of the material part of it,
authenticated in a manner approved by the court.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

22 While it was not expressly submitted on by either side, it is clear to me
that the Axapta Records (assuming their authenticity is proven) would be
admissible by virtue of s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA, commonly known as the
“business records exception” to the rule against hearsay. As noted above at
[10], the Axapta Records comprise documents such as hire return notes,
delivery notes and invoices pertaining to the five Projects. In my view, these
are documents that clearly form part of the records of “a trade, business,
profession or other occupation that are recorded, owned or kept by any person,
body or organisation carrying out the trade, business, profession or other
occupation”, within the meaning of s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA.

23 Where a statement in a document is admissible by virtue of one of the
exceptions to the hearsay rule under s 32(1) of the EA, the net effect of s
67A of the EA is that the document may also be proven by way of secondary
evidence, rather than primary evidence. Indeed, this is clear from the plain
wording of s 67A itself, which states that in such situations, the relevant
statement may be proven by “the production of a copy of that document …
authenticated in a manner approved by the court” [emphasis added in bold
italics]. The net effect of s 67A of the EA is also illustrated by the case of
Columbia Asia Healthcare Sdn Bhd and another v Hong Hin Kit Edward and another
[2016] 5 SLR 735 (“Columbia Asia”). In Columbia Asia, the defendants (“the
Hongs”) argued that six invoices adduced by the plaintiffs were not admissible
in evidence, as the plaintiffs had produced copies but not the originals. Woo
Bih Li J (as he then was) held at [21]–[25]:

21 The Hongs, however, submitted that Columbia must first satisfy that the
invoices are admissible under s 66 of the EA before Columbia can rely on s
32(1)(b)(iv). This is because s 66 of the EA requires primary evidence of
documents. Secondly, under s 32(3) of the EA, the court may still conclude
that evidence which is relevant (or admissible) under s 32(1)(b) shall not be
relevant if it would not be in the interests of justice to treat it as
relevant.

22 I am of the view that the Hongs’ reliance on s 66 is misplaced. It is true
that s 66 states that documents must be proved by primary evidence except in
the cases mentioned in s 67. Under s 64 of the EA, primary evidence means that
the document itself must be produced for the inspection of the court. It can
be seen that s 66 read with s 64 means that the original must be produced.
That is a different question from whether hearsay evidence may be admitted.
The Hongs had conflated the two arguments. An original document may be
produced but the maker of the document may not have given evidence on the
making of the document. Section 66 deals with the former point and not the
latter point.

23 Section 32(1)(b) deals with the exceptions to the hearsay rule. Moreover, s
66 must be read subject to s 67A of the EA which states that where a statement
in a document is admissible in evidence by virtue of s 32(1) it may be proved
by the production of that document (ie, the original) or a copy.

24 In summary, in so far as the Hongs submitted that the maker of the document
must be called to give evidence, s 32(1)(b)(iv) states that this is not
necessary under certain circumstances.

25  In so far as the Hongs submitted that the original must be produced, s 66
must be read subject to s 67A which provides that where s 32(1) applies, a
copy may be produced.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

24 Separately, I note that there appears to be no discussion in local
jurisprudence of what it means for a copy of a document admitted under s 67A
of the EA to be “authenticated in a manner approved by the court”.
Nonetheless, I am of the view that this phrase is not inconsistent with the
test for proving authenticity set out in CIMB at [54], nor should it be read
as an additional hurdle to proving authenticity. In my judgment, the phrase
“authenticated in a manner approved by the court” simply confers a discretion
upon the court to determine the appropriate level of rigour to which
authenticity must be proved, based on the facts of the particular case before
it. Accordingly, where a party seeks to admit a copy of a document under s 67A
of the EA and there is no challenge to authenticity, the court may
correspondingly require little or no proof of the authenticity of the copy.
Conversely, where there is an objection to the authenticity of the copy, the
court may require authenticity to be proven in accordance with the test laid
down in CIMB.

25 In my view, such a reading would be consistent with the legislative history
behind s 67A of the EA. Section 67A was introduced as part of amendments to
the EA in 2012, under which more flexible exceptions to the hearsay rule were
introduced: Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (14 February
2012) vol 88 at p 1128 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law). It could therefore be
argued that the enactment of s 67A was meant to complement the widening of the
hearsay exceptions, by permitting documents containing hearsay statements to
be proven by both primary and secondary evidence. Accordingly, the reference
to a need for a copy of a document to be “authenticated in a manner approved
by the court” should not, in my view, be read as imposing additional
requirements, over and above the requirements in relation to proof of
authenticity where no hearsay evidence is involved.

26 The long and short of the analysis above is that under s 67A of the EA,
where a statement in a document is otherwise admissible under s 32(1) of the
EA, the document in which the statement is contained may, if necessary, also
be proved by secondary evidence thereof, for purposes of satisfying the first
stage of the CIMB test. Turning back to the present case, given my finding
above at [22] that the Axapta Records would otherwise be admissible under s
32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA, the plaintiff is also entitled to prove the Axapta
Records by adducing copies thereof, which it did by way of the Affidavits of
Evidence in Chief (“AEICs”) of two of its witnesses, Mr Wilfred Cuperus (“Mr
Cuperus”) and Mr Adrian De Los Santos (“Mr De Los Santos”). As such, I find
that the plaintiff has satisfied the first step of the CIMB test.

27 For completeness, I note that the plaintiff makes two arguments in support
of why it has satisfied the first step of the test laid down in CIMB. First,
the plaintiff argues that the defendant is wrong to complain that no
“original” documents have been produced, because the Axapta Records are
themselves primary evidence of their contents per Explanation 3 to s 64 of the
EA. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”), paras 16–17.

This provision states that:

64. Primary evidence means the document itself produced for the inspection of the court.

…

Explanation 3.—Despite Explanation 2, if a copy of a document in the form of
an electronic record is shown to reflect that document accurately, then the
copy is primary evidence.

Illustrations

(a) An electronic record, which has been manifestly or consistently acted on,
relied upon, or used as the information recorded or stored on the computer
system (the document), is primary evidence of that document.

(b) If the electronic record has not been manifestly or consistently acted on,
relied upon, or used as a record of the information in the document, the
electronic record may be a copy of the document and treated as secondary
evidence of that document.

28 Second, the plaintiff argues that even if the Axapta Records are secondary
evidence, the plaintiff should be allowed to rely on the exception in s
67(1)(g) of the EA. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PRS, para 13.

This provision provides that:

67.—(1) Secondary evidence may be given of the existence, condition or
contents of a document admissible in evidence in the following cases:

…

(g) when the originals consist of numerous accounts or other documents which
cannot conveniently be examined in court, and the fact to be proved is the
general result of the whole collection.

…

(5) In case (g) in subsection (1), evidence may be given as to the general
result of the documents by any person who has examined them and who is skilled
in the examination of such documents.

29 Following from my conclusion above at [26] that the plaintiff has satisfied
the first step of the CIMB test, it is not strictly necessary for me to
consider the plaintiff’s arguments. Nonetheless, if necessary as an
alternative basis for my decision, I am prepared to find that the plaintiff is
also entitled to rely on s 67(1)(g) of the EA to prove the Axapta Records by
way of secondary evidence.

30 The Axapta Records span 45 volumes in the Agreed Bundle of Documents and
are well in excess of 6,000 documents. In my judgment, this is a case where
the original documents would consist of “numerous accounts or other documents
which cannot conveniently be examined in court”. Moreover, the facts to be
proved (namely, the amounts of outstanding fees that the defendant owes the
plaintiff) are essentially a general result of the Axapta Records. The
plaintiff has also adduced evidence of the Axapta Records through Mr Cuperus
and Mr De Los Santos (as noted at [26] above), who are both representatives of
the plaintiff and are therefore acquainted with the Axapta software. I find
that they are therefore persons skilled in the examination of the Axapta
Records, within the meaning of s 67(5) of the EA.

31 In reaching this conclusion, I also bear in mind the observations of the
Court of Appeal in Jet Holding Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte
Ltd and another and other appeals [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (“Jet Holdings”), that
there should not be an “overly punctilious insistence” on compliance with the
EA such that “a party has to rely upon thousands of documents to establish his
or her case in complex litigation” (at [49]–[50]). In my view, given the sheer
volume of the Axapta Records, the present case is one such case where
requiring the plaintiff to produce primary evidence of the Axapta Records
would simply be putting the plaintiff through an “unnecessary procedural
treadmill” (Jet Holdings at [49]).

32 Therefore, if necessary for my decision, I would conclude that the
plaintiff is also entitled to rely on s 67(1)(g) of the EA, such that the
Axapta Records can be proven by secondary evidence.

Step 2: Has the plaintiff proven that the Axapta Records are what they purport
to be?

33 At the second stage of the CIMB test, the party tasked with proving
authenticity must adduce proof relating to the “genuineness and execution” of
the document, such as proof of the handwriting, signature and execution of the
document (CIMB at [50]). As the defendant observes, this may be done by way of
direct evidence, eg, calling the maker of the document as a witness. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCS, para 30.

However, there is no rule that a party can only prove that a document is what
it purports to be by adducing direct evidence. As the Court of Appeal held in
CIMB at [57], the omission to adduce direct evidence where it is available is
not necessarily fatal to proving a document’s authenticity. The impact of not
adducing direct evidence depends on the facts of each case. Relevant but non-
exhaustive factors will include the strength of the indirect or circumstantial
evidence adduced, the reasons given by the relevant party for not adducing
direct evidence, and the probative value of the direct evidence if it had been
adduced.

34 This is illustrated by the facts of CIMB itself, which concerned a
challenge to the authenticity of a debenture that the plaintiff (“CIMB”)
sought to admit into evidence. CIMB did not call as witnesses any signatories
or witnesses to the debenture, to attest that the debenture was what it
purported to be. Nonetheless, the Court of Appeal found that there was
sufficient circumstantial evidence to prove the authenticity of the debenture.
In this regard, the Court of Appeal noted that: (a) the parties to the
debenture had not disowned the debenture; (b) CIMB had, since the purported
date of the debenture, operated on the belief that the debenture was validly
executed; (c) it could be inferred that the debenture was registered with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority on the instructions of the
defendant; and (d) the common seal of the defendant was affixed to the
debenture (at [62]–[66]).

35 Before turning to apply the law to the present facts, I begin by setting
out the plaintiff’s evidence of how the Axapta Records were produced. As noted
above at [10], Axapta is a computer software that the plaintiff uses to, inter
alia, keep track of equipment on hire. Mr De Los Santos, a business analyst
from RMD Kwikform Philippines Inc, was responsible for compiling the Axapta
Records. In his AEIC, Mr De Los Santos explained that whenever the plaintiff
receives a purchase order for equipment from a customer, a staff member of the
plaintiff will manually input all information relating to that order in a
“picking list”. This would include the price and quantity of each piece of
equipment ordered. Thereafter, the staff member will create a delivery note,
and a tax invoice for that delivery note can then be generated. Staff members
can also upload documentation relating to a particular project or order,
provided they are granted the requisite permission on the Axapta system to do
so. Each time a person enters information or uploads documents to the Axapta
system, this action will be accompanied by a date and time stamp that cannot
be altered or changed. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mr De Los Santos’s AEIC, paras 8–9 and 11 (2BA 548–549).

36 At trial, Mr De Los Santos described the process he undertook to compile
the Axapta Records. He had first collected some original hard copy documents
in Singapore. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NEs, 4 May 2021, p 15 lines 16–26.

Mr De Los Santos then brought these hard copy documents to the Philippines,
where he made a list of them. He then ran a search on the Axapta system, by
looking at all documents relating to the defendant. He then cross-checked the
list of hard copy documents against his search results and downloaded any
records that he did not have a hard copy of. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NEs, 4 May 2021, p 20 lines 11–17.

These downloaded files, combined with the hard copy documents, make up the
Axapta Records. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NEs, 4 May 2021, p 16 line 29 to p 17 line 3.

37 It is undisputed that the plaintiff has not adduced any direct evidence
that the Axapta Records are what they purport to be. For instance, the
plaintiff did not call as witnesses the makers of the individual hire return
notes, delivery notes, invoices and similar documents that make up the Axapta
Records. Nonetheless, in my judgment, I find that the plaintiff has adduced
sufficient circumstantial evidence to prove that the Axapta Records are what
they purport to be.

38 In reaching this conclusion, I find it significant that the overall
contents of the Axapta Records give the impression that they are genuine
business records. For instance, some documents that form part of the Axapta
Records have the defendant’s company stamp, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See eg, 11AB 3012.

and the defendant has not disputed that it is its company stamp on those
records. There are also hire return notes accompanied by photographs, and some
of the photographs have their own individual timestamps. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See eg, 11AB 3028.

There is also a consistent template used for certain types of documents (eg,
hire return notes) and overall, a high level of detail in accounting for the
equipment ordered and returned. In the circumstances, I find it difficult to
believe that the entries are fabricated or in some other way inauthentic.

39 Moreover, as noted above at [33], the impact of not adducing direct
evidence will depend in part on the reasons given for not adducing direct
evidence. Given the sheer volume of the Axapta Records, I accept the
plaintiff’s submission that it would be extremely impractical, if not
impossible, to call the maker of every document that forms part of the Axapta
Records. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PRS, para 27(b).

In my view, while direct evidence will usually be the strongest evidence
available of a document’s authenticity, the plaintiff’s failure to adduce
direct evidence in the present circumstances cannot be the hamartia of its
claim.

40 While the defendant contends that some of the delivery notes or hire return
notes are unsigned or signed by third parties, and that there appear to be
photos that are duplicates, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”), paras 32–33.

I find that this does not take anything away from the overall complexion of
the Axapta Records as genuine documents. I note that when Mr Williamson was
cross-examined on these alleged irregularities, he explained that certain
manual notes may be unsigned, as “the signature goes on the system-generated
[note] instead”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs, 4 May 2021, p 57 lines 30–31.

In any case, I note that the defendant only identified and put five instances
of such alleged irregularities to Mr Williamson in cross-examination. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NEs, 4 May 2021, p 46 lines 19–31; p 57 lines 1–13 and lines 14–31; p 62 lines
1–25.

In my judgment, these must be considered as isolated instances when viewed
against the entirety of the Axapta Records. For completeness, while the
defendant also contends that there are irregularities in the amounts charged
in invoices INS001442 and INS001466 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DRS, para 36.

, I will address this argument in detail at [76]–[78] below when I consider
the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees for the One Canberra project. For now,
it suffices to say that I disagree with the defendant that there are errors in
these invoices.

41 Finally, while the plaintiff makes much about the fact that the defendant
has not produced its own records, this clearly does not relieve the plaintiff
from its burden of proving the authenticity of the Axapta Records. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PRS, para 21.

Nonetheless, in my view, the absence of any alternative set of documentation
that contradicts the contents of the Axapta Records bolsters the conclusion
that the Axapta Records are authentic.

42 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff has adduced sufficient
circumstantial evidence to prove the authenticity of the Axapta Records. I
therefore find that the Axapta Records are admissible and reject the first
prong of the defendant’s defence.

Issue 2: Are the parties bound by the terms contained in the five Agreements?

43 As noted above at [6], the plaintiff’s position is that the five Agreements
reflect all the terms of the parties’ contractual relationship. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PCS, paras 9, 13 and 16.

Under the terms of the Agreements, the plaintiff would charge the defendant
hiring fees based on the actual equipment delivered, and would charge for lost
or damaged equipment based on specific rates stated in the Agreements (see [7]
above). On the other hand, as noted at [13] above, the defendant argues that
it is not bound by all the terms contained in the Agreements. Instead, the
defendant contends that Mr Tan and Mr Choo had reached a separate agreement
that the defendant would pay a fixed weekly rate for all equipment hired from
the plaintiff (ie, a “block price”). Further, the defendant would be charged
for lost or damaged equipment based on the actual loss or damage caused, or
the cost of repairs. I will refer to the defendant’s arguments on this issue
collectively as the “block price defence”.

44 As a preliminary observation, I note that while the block price defence
essentially challenges the rates that the plaintiff has charged the defendant,
the defendant has not put forth any alternative calculations of the correct
sums that it should allegedly have been charged by the plaintiff. As such,
even if I were to accept the defendant’s block price defence, it is unclear
exactly how much the defendant should have been charged by the plaintiff, and
consequently whether or not there are any remaining sums owing by the
defendant to the plaintiff. In other words, even if I were to accept the
defendant’s case, it is unclear if the block price defence would constitute a
full or partial defence to the plaintiff’s claims.

45 In any case, I find that on the available evidence, the defendant has not
proven the block price defence on a balance of probabilities. As the
defendant’s representatives signed the Agreements for the One Canberra,
Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin Fountains projects, but not the Nassim Hill
project, I will address the former four projects first before turning to the
Nassim Hill project.

46 In relation to the One Canberra, Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin
Fountains projects, it is a well-established principle that in the absence of
fraud or misrepresentation, a party is bound by all the terms of a contract
that it signs, even if that party did not read or understand those terms:
Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and another [2019] 2 SLR 295 at
[58].

47 In the present case, the defendant does not dispute that Mr Choo signed the
One Canberra, Forestville, Sea Horizon and First Twin Fountains Agreements,
while the defendant’s sales manager, Mr Raymond Ng (“Mr Ng”), signed the
Second Twin Fountains Agreement. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

2AB 358, 387, 461, 497 and 574.

In respect of the Agreements signed by Mr Choo, Mr Choo alleged that he did
not agree to the terms contained in the Agreements (despite signing them),
because he did not read through the respective Agreements before signing them.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs, 12 May 2021, p 19 lines 12–16.

However, this clearly does not amount to fraud or misrepresentation. Nor has
the defendant made any other allegation that it or its representatives were
induced to sign the Agreements by any fraud or misrepresentation. Accordingly,
it follows that the defendant is bound by the terms contained in the One
Canberra, Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin Fountains Agreements.

48 Moreover, it is an equally well-established principle of law that if a
court is satisfied that the parties intended to embody their entire agreement
in a written contract, then no extrinsic evidence is admissible to contradict,
vary, add to, or subtract from the terms of the written contract: Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) at [132(b)].

49 In my judgment, I am satisfied that the parties in the present case did
intend for the One Canberra, Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin Fountains
Agreements to embody all the terms of their contractual agreements for the
respective Projects. First, I find that these four Agreements appear on their
face to be complete contracts, such that it may be rebuttably presumed that
the parties intended the contracts to contain all the terms of their
agreement: Zurich Insurance at [132(b)]. In this regard, I note that each of
the Agreements comprehensively sets out all the material terms on which the
plaintiff would supply equipment to the defendant, such as the types and
quantities of equipment to be hired, the quoted price (subject to actual
quantities required), the terms of payment, and the rates to be charged for
lost or damaged equipment. Crucially, there is nothing in any of the
Agreements to suggest that the parties would need to enter into a separate
agreement to supplement or vary the terms of the written Agreements. In my
view, these four Agreements therefore constitute complete contracts on their
face.

50 Second, while a court may look at extrinsic evidence to determine if the
parties intended a written contract to embody their entire agreement (Zurich
Insurance at [132(b)]), I am not persuaded that any of the available extrinsic
evidence proves that the parties intended to supplement the Agreements with a
separate contract. As Mr Choo conceded, there was nothing sent by way of
correspondence from the defendant to the plaintiff to suggest that the
defendant disagreed with the express terms of the Agreements. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs, 12 May 2021, p 15 lines 13–15.

While the defendant contends in its closing submissions that the Agreements
could not have been final contracts as the defendant’s requirements were still
subject to discussions, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DCS, paras 49–51.

this argument was not part of the defendant’s pleaded defence. Nor was
anything to this effect put to the plaintiff’s witnesses during the trial. In
any case, I disagree that the Agreements were incomplete or not final, simply
because the Agreements state that the price of equipment on hire would depend
on the actual quantities delivered. I do not see any basis for the defendant’s
contention that the parties must have agreed on a fixed or specific price, in
order for the Agreements to be sufficiently certain or final.

51 In short, none of the available evidence rebuts the presumption that the
One Canberra, Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin Fountains Agreements are
complete contracts. Following from my observations at [48] above, the
defendant is therefore not entitled to rely on extrinsic evidence to argue
that Mr Tan and Mr Choo had reached a separate agreement, which would vary or
contradict the terms of the Agreements.

52 In any event, even if the defendant was entitled to rely extrinsic evidence
to vary the terms of the Agreements, the defendant has raised little objective
or contemporaneous evidence to corroborate its claim that the parties entered
into any such separate agreement. In support of its case, the defendant refers
to an e-mail sent by Mr Tan to Mr Choo on 27 June 2013 in respect of the One
Canberra project (the “27 June 2013 e-mail”). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Further and Better Particulars of the Defence and Counterclaim dated 11
October 2019, para 1.3.

In my judgment, the 27 June 2013 e-mail does not support the block price
defence. For ease of reference, the 27 June 2013 e-mail states: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

3AB 606.

Hi Edward

This difference from what we have discussed yesterday afternoon, the lump sum
of S$504,874.15 quoted is without infill accessories. To fixed at S$504,874.15
with infill accessories, you are asking for more discount not as per our
agreed price with list less 50% discount. [sic]…

[emphasis added]

53 In cross-examination, Mr Choo claimed that the figure of S$504,874.15
referred to in the 27 June 2013 e-mail was derived by multiplying the fixed
weekly rate (ie, the “block price”) that the parties had allegedly agreed
upon, by the period of time that the defendant required equipment for. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs, 12 May 2021, p 64 lines 10–12.

I find this claim to be improbable, given that the text of the e-mail itself
shows that the plaintiff was informing the defendant that the “lump sum” price
of S$504,874.15 did not include the supply of additional equipment in the form
of “infill accessories”. This itself is inconsistent with the defendant’s
claim that the parties had agreed on a fixed weekly hire rate, no matter what
equipment was hired from the plaintiff. In addition, I agree with the
plaintiff that “the lump sum of S$504,874.15 quoted” is a reference to the
overall price the plaintiff had quoted in the One Canberra Agreement. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS, para 27.

It is expressly stated in the One Canberra Agreement that the quotation of
S$504,874.15 is “subject to actual delivered quantities and unit rates”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1BA 87.

Accordingly, it is clear that the figure of S$504,874.15 was not derived from
an alleged “block price”, and that the parties had instead agreed that the
defendant would be charged based on actual quantities delivered to it. In the
round, the 27 June 2013 e-mail in fact undermines the defendant’s block price
defence.

54 Separately, I note that Mr Choo claimed in cross-examination that the
invoices issued by the plaintiff were consistent with a “block price” being
used, as the weekly rate in the plaintiff’s invoices matches the weekly rate
contained in the Agreements. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs, 12 May 2021, p 23 lines 4–5, p 53 lines 12–23, p 67 lines 7–11.

In my view, this is at best a neutral factor, rather than a factor in the
defendant’s favour. As Mr Choo subsequently conceded, there is nothing in the
Agreements to suggest that the quoted weekly rate would be a fixed rate. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs, 12 May 2021, p 54 lines 1–3.

On the contrary, the Agreements expressly state that the quoted weekly hire
rate “may vary slightly depending on actual quantities required and actual
site conditions”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See eg, 1BA 61.

As such, even if the plaintiff ultimately charged the defendant the same
weekly rates as those quoted in the Agreements, this alone does not prove that
the parties had agreed that the quoted weekly hire rate would be a fixed rate.

55 Moreover, although Mr Choo claimed in his AEIC that both the plaintiff’s Mr
Tan and RMD Kwikform’s Regional Director, Mr Hamish Bowden (“Mr Bowden”) were
aware of the agreement to use a “block price”, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mr Choo’s AEIC, para 69 (2BA 574).

the defendant did not seek to call either Mr Tan or Mr Bowden as its witness.
Mr Choo’s claim that the parties had agreed to use a “block price” was
therefore an uncorroborated assertion.

56 Finally, the defendant relies on the fact that in a letter of demand from
the plaintiff’s solicitors dated 3 May 2017, as well as in an earlier version
of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) (the “Statement of Claim”), the
plaintiff had claimed shortage and damage fees on the basis of the actual loss
or damage caused. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS, para 58.

However, I do not agree that this necessarily proves that the parties had
expressly agreed that the defendant would be charged on this basis. In cross-
examination, the plaintiff’s company representative, Mr Cuperus, explained
that this error arose because some of the invoice summaries were prepared on
the basis of actual loss or damage caused, “in [an] endeavour to appease the
customer to try and reach a settlement”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs, 6 May 2012, p 59 lines 8–11.

In my view, this explanation is reasonable and plausible. Accordingly, while
the plaintiff initially advanced its claim on the basis of actual loss or
damage caused, I do not think this fact alone is sufficient to prove the block
price defence.

57 I now turn to consider the Nassim Hill project. While the defendant’s
representatives did not sign the quotations issued for the Nassim Hill
project, I find that on a balance of probabilities, the parties did intend for
the Nassim Hill Agreement to reflect the terms of their agreement. In reaching
this conclusion, I consider it relevant that both the plaintiff and defendant
are commercial parties. As noted at [2]–[3] above, the plaintiff is part of a
group of companies with an international presence, while the defendant has
been in the business of erecting scaffolding systems since 2002. Mr Choo, the
managing director of the defendant, also came across as reasonably articulate
in his testimony, and is an experienced businessman in the construction
industry. Against this backdrop, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that it
is improbable that the parties were content to enter a contractual
relationship solely based on an oral agreement reached between Mr Tan and Mr
Choo. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS, paras 18 and 31(a).

This is especially so when: (a) the Nassim Hill project was the first
collaboration between the parties; and (b) the alleged oral agreement
contradicted the terms of the written quotation issued by the plaintiff.

58 Moreover, given my conclusion at [47] above that the other four Agreements
reflected the terms of the contracts for those Projects, I find that on a
balance of probabilities, the parties similarly intended for the Nassim Hill
Agreement to reflect the terms of their contractual relationship. In any case,
the defendant has not, in my view, adduced sufficient evidence to prove that a
separate agreement was reached between Mr Tan and Mr Choo, for the reasons
that I have detailed at [52]–[56] above. In my judgment, the Nassim Hill
Agreement does reflect all the terms of the parties’ contractual relationship
for the Nassim Hill project, and the parties are accordingly bound by the
terms contained therein.

59 To summarise the foregoing, I find that the parties are bound by the terms
contained in the five Agreements, and that the defendant has not established
the block price defence. In other words, the parties did not agree that
equipment on hire would be charged at a fixed rate, or that lost or damaged
equipment would be charged based on actual loss or damage caused, or based on
the cost of repairs. For completeness, I note that in response to the
defendant’s block price defence, the plaintiff argues that Mr Tan did not in
any event have the authority to enter into a separate agreement with Mr Choo.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS, para 32.

Following from my conclusion that the defendant has not established the block
price defence, I do not find it necessary to address the plaintiff’s
alternative argument.

Issue 3: Do the Agreements contain the implied terms asserted by the
defendant?

60 As noted above at [15], part of the defendant’s pleaded case is that the
One Canberra, Forestville, Sea Horizon and Twin Fountains Agreements contain
implied terms that:

(a) the equipment supplied would be fit for purpose and free from damage or
defects, and

(b) the equipment would be supplied within a reasonable time of between six to
eight weeks from the date of the Agreement concerned;

(collectively, the “Proposed Terms”).

While this argument was not pursued in the defendant’s closing submissions, I
will address it for completeness.

61 In my judgment, there is no basis on which the Proposed Terms can be
implied into the four Agreements. It is well established that in determining
whether to imply a term into a contract, the court will apply the three-step
test in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”), as follows:

(a) First, the court will ascertain if there is a gap in the contract and if
so, how the gap arose. Implication will only be considered if the court finds
that the gap arose because the parties did not contemplate the gap in the
contract (at [94]–[95] and [101(a)]).

(b) Second, the court will consider if it is necessary in the business or
commercial sense to imply a term to give the contract efficacy. The threshold
for implying a term is therefore necessarily a high one (at [100] and
[101(b)]).

(c) Third, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be a
term which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at the
time of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response,
then, the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue (at [101(c)]).

62 In the present case, cl 21(f) of the Conditions of Trading annexed to each
of the Agreements provides as follows: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See eg, 1BA 89.

(f) [The plaintiff] shall have no liability if the Equipment is not fit for
purpose and all other conditions, warranties, stipulations and undertakings,
whether express or implied by statute or common law [sic]

63 Further, cl 9 of the Conditions of Trading provides as follows: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Ibid.

9\. [The plaintiff] will endeavour to have the Equipment ready for delivery by
the date agreed for delivery or collection in accordance with Clause7 [sic]
but shall not incur any liability whatsoever nor shall the Customer be
entitled to terminate the Contract, by reason of [the plaintiff’s] failure to
deliver or have available for collection by the agreed date.

64 While it appears that cl 21(f) of the Conditions of Trading (as reproduced
above) is incomplete, it is nonetheless clear that the substance of both cll
21(f) and 9 is that the plaintiff will not incur liability if any equipment
delivered is not fit for purpose, or delivery is delayed. In other words, cll
21(f) and 9 stand in direct contradiction to the Proposed Terms. Accordingly,
it cannot be said that there is even a gap in the contract to begin with. As
the plaintiff contends, the defendant’s argument therefore fails at the first
step of the Sembcorp Marine test. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS, para 45.

65 I therefore decline to imply the Proposed Terms into the four Agreements,
as the defendant urges me to. In any case, I also note that the defendant has
not explained or particularised how the Proposed Terms, if implied into the
four Agreements, would help its case or how the plaintiff has breached these
terms.

Issue 4: Is the plaintiff entitled to its claims?

66 I now turn to consider the merits of the plaintiff’s claims, based on the
available evidence. As noted at [10] and [12] above, the plaintiff relies on
the expert report of Mr Williamson, while the defendant relies on the report
of Mr Chin. Each party claims that their respective expert report represents
an objective and reliable assessment of the plaintiff’s claims. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS, para 69; DCS, para 155.

I will therefore first address the expert reports.

The expert reports

67 In my judgment, I do not find either of the expert reports to be
particularly helpful in determining the merits of the plaintiff’s claims. I
shall first comment on Mr Chin’s report.

68 Firstly, the calculations in Mr Chin’s report appear to contain errors. As
Mr Chin himself conceded in cross-examination, he failed to exclude certain
hire return notes, which were in fact summaries of items that had already been
returned by the defendant to the plaintiff. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs, 11 May 2021, p 29 lines 20–23.

This resulted in Mr Chin double-counting certain items that the defendant
returned to the plaintiff. While Mr Chin, as a third party, may naturally have
been unfamiliar with the plaintiff’s internal documents, it appears that his
failure to seek any clarification from the plaintiff regarding the Axapta
Records led to him misunderstanding the plaintiff’s internal documents. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NEs, 11 May 2021, p 7 lines 3–6.

Indeed, Mr Chin candidly admitted in cross-examination that he did not fully
understand some of the plaintiff’s internal documents. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NEs, 11 May 2021, p 34 lines 10–13.

69 I also find Mr Chin’s overall conclusion improbable, given that he
ultimately concluded that it was the plaintiff who owed the defendant at least
S$1,759.19 (or a far higher sum of approximately S$2.38m if allegedly excess
equipment returned to the plaintiff was taken into consideration), in
circumstances where it was the plaintiff who had hired out equipment to the
defendant to begin with. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

3BA 834.

I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the improbability of Mr Chin’s
overall conclusion is likely symptomatic of errors that Mr Chin made in his
calculations. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS, para 73.

This calls into question the reliability of Mr Chin’s assessment and
conclusions.

70 Moreover, I note that Mr Chin’s assessment also appears to be based on
certain assumptions which may not reflect what the parties had agreed. For
instance, in assessing the value of the plaintiff’s claim for damage fees, Mr
Chin excluded damaged plywood altogether from his assessment, on the basis
that plywood is a “perishable material” and should be deemed as “fair wear and
tear”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

3BA 816.

However, as Mr Chin conceded in cross-examination, this was purely his own
opinion; there was no correspondence between the parties to suggest that they
had agreed that the defendant would not be charged for damaged plywood. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs, 11 May 2021, p 50 lines 21–23.

71 In the circumstances, I disagree with the defendant that Mr Chin’s report
can be considered to be a reliable assessment of the plaintiff’s claims.

72 On the other hand, I also find Mr Williamson’s report to be of limited
assistance in assessing the plaintiff’s claims. The key conclusion of Mr
Williamson’s report is that based on his review of various documents provided
to him by the plaintiff, he is of the opinion that the plaintiff’s claims are
“fully supported” by the relevant documentation. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

See eg, 2BA 451, para 11.2.1.

However, I agree with the defendant that it is not entirely clear what
documents were provided to Mr Williamson for the purposes of his report. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS, para 143.

In this regard, Mr Williamson’s report does not contain an itemised list of
documents that he referred to, nor has the plaintiff provided any such list.
Likewise, when Mr Williamson was shown the list of hire return notes for the
One Canberra project that was annexed to his report, his evidence in cross-
examination was that he had also viewed “additional documents” that were not
included in the list. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NEs, 4 May 2021, p 36 lines 5–30.

It was not subsequently clarified what these “additional documents” were.

73 In the circumstances, the reliability of Mr Williamson’s report is also
doubtful, and his report offers, at best, limited support for the plaintiff’s
claim. In my judgment, the merits of the plaintiff’s claim ultimately turn on
the quality of the factual evidence adduced (both oral and documentary), and
not on the opinions of either expert witness, upon which I place little
weight. I therefore turn to consider whether the plaintiff is entitled to its
claims, based on the available factual evidence.

The One Canberra project

Hiring fees

74 The plaintiff claims that the defendant incurred S$656,425.85 of invoiced
hiring fees, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOC, para 8.1.

plus S$14,441.22 of hiring fees that were not invoiced. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC, para 8.2.

The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant has made payment of
S$654,034.59. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC, para 10.1.

Accordingly, the plaintiff claims that it is entitled to an outstanding sum of
S$16,832.48. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC, para 11.1.

75 In my judgment, I find that the plaintiff has established its claim in
respect of the invoiced hiring fees. In the absence of any alternative records
or documents from the defendant, I find that the Axapta Records are sufficient
to prove the plaintiff’s claim for invoiced hiring fees.

76 In this regard, I disagree with the defendant’s contention that the amounts
claimed by the plaintiff in respect of invoices INS001442 and INS001466 are
incorrect. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SOC, para 8.1 S/N 35 and 36; DCS, para 72.

In support of its contention, the defendant refers to two invoices also
numbered INS001442 and INS001466, which reflect amounts different than what is
claimed in the Statement of Claim. For ease of reference, the amounts relied
on by either party are as follows:

Invoice number| Amount claimed by the plaintiff (excluding GST)| Amount relied
on by the defendant (excluding GST)  
---|---|---  
INS001442 | S$6,049.02 80

##### Foot Note 80

× SOC, para 8.1 S/N 35, 33AB 9729. | S$4,951.08 81

##### Foot Note 81

× Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DBOD”) 52.  
INS001466| S$5,229.86 82

##### Foot Note 82

× SOC, para 8.1 S/N 36, 33AB 9730. | S$4,550.09 83

##### Foot Note 83

× DBOD 55.  
  
77 However, I note that the plaintiff’s summary of invoices in the Statement
of Claim also contains two subsequent credit note adjustments, namely
CRS000348 and CRS000350, for the sums of S$1,097.94 and S$679.77 respectively.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SOC, para 8.1 S/N 37 and 39.

If these sums are subtracted from the sums claimed by the plaintiff for
INS001442 and INS001466, the net figures arrived at are the same amounts
relied upon by the defendant:

(a) INS001442: S$6,049.02 – S$1,097.94 = S$4,951.08.

(b) INS001466: S$5,229.86 – S$679.77 = S$4,550.09.

78 Accordingly, I am satisfied that the sums claimed by the plaintiff in
respect of INS001442 and INS001466 do not give rise to an overall error in the
sum of hiring fees claimed.

79 Separately, the defendant also alleges that the plaintiff has claimed an
erroneous amount in respect of invoices INS000883 and INS000920. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS, para 73.

To begin with, I note that this alleged error was not put to any of the
plaintiff’s witnesses in cross-examination, and was only raised for the first
time in the defendant’s closing submissions. In any case, I note that the
amounts claimed by the plaintiff for INS000883 and INS000920 were likewise
adjusted by subsequent credit notes. Accordingly, I am of the view that there
is no error in the amount claimed by the plaintiff:

Invoice number| Amount claimed by the plaintiff (excluding GST)| Amount relied
on by the defendant (excluding GST)  
---|---|---  
INS000883 | S$39,290.75 86

##### Foot Note 86

× SOC, para 8.1 S/N 22. minus S$1,892.71 (per credit note CRS000168 87

##### Foot Note 87

× SOC, para 8.1 S/N 26. )= S$37,398.04| S$37,398.04 88

##### Foot Note 88

× DBOD 15.  
INS000920| S$39,290.75 89

##### Foot Note 89

× SOC, para 8.1 S/N 23. minus S$1,892.71 (per credit note CRS000169 90

##### Foot Note 90

× SOC, para 8.1 S/N 27. )= S$37,398.04| S$37,398.04 91

##### Foot Note 91

× DBOD 17.  
  
80 As for the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees that were not invoiced, I find
that the plaintiff has not established its claim on a balance of
probabilities. While Mr Cuperus claims that these additional fees were the
result of a negotiation between Mr Bowden and Mr Choo, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 64 line 31 to p 65 line 4 and p 65 lines 12–19.

the plaintiff has not adduced any correspondence or documentary evidence to
corroborate this claim. Indeed, Mr Cuperus ultimately conceded in cross-
examination that there is no basis for the plaintiff’s claim for the hiring
fees that were not invoiced. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 67 lines 20–24.

I therefore dismiss the plaintiff’s claim in this respect.

81 In sum, I allow the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees for the One Canberra
project in part, in the sum of S$2,391.26 (S$16,832.48 – S$14,441.22).

Purchase fees

82 The plaintiff claims that the defendant purchased equipment in the sum of
S$1,878.68, for which the defendant has not made any payment. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

SOC, paras 10.2 and 11.2.

83 In my judgment, I find that based on the available evidence, the plaintiff
has not proven its claim on a balance of probabilities. While Mr Cuperus
stated in his AEIC that the tax invoices evidencing the defendant’s purchases
are annexed to Mr De Los Santos’s AEIC, it is unclear exactly which invoices
Mr Cuperus was referring to. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Mr Cuperus’s AEIC, para 40 (1BA 16).

In this regard, I note that the Further and Better Particulars to the
Statement of Claim contains a list of items that the defendant allegedly
purchased from the plaintiff, and the corresponding delivery note number for
each item. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Further and Better Particulars of the Statement of Claim dated 22 November
2019 (“F&BP to SOC”), para 2(ii) and Annex 2.

However, this list contains far more items than the list of purchases that the
plaintiff claims in the Statement of Claim. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

SOC, para 9.

Neither does the Statement of Claim make reference to any specific invoices.
In the circumstances, it is unclear which invoices (or delivery notes) the
plaintiff relies on to support its claim.

84 Further, while Mr Cuperus asserted in his AEIC that the defendant’s
purchases are also evidenced by an e-mail sent by Mr Tan to the defendant’s
staff in July 2014, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Mr Cuperus’s AEIC, para 43 (1BA 17).

the quantities of equipment reflected in this e-mail are far less than what
the plaintiff claims it sold to the defendant. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

1BA 97; SOC, para 9.

In any case, the text of the e-mail does not show that equipment was indeed
sold or delivered to the defendant, as the e-mail relates to a planned
delivery of equipment to the defendant.

85 Indeed, I note that in a letter dated 20 April 2016 from Mr Bowden to Mr
Choo (“the 20 April 2016 letter”), Mr Bowden admitted that there was a “lack
of available substantiation from either [the defendant] or [the plaintiff]” in
relation to the items allegedly sold by the plaintiff to the defendant for the
One Canberra project. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

3AB 617.

That said, this letter was not referred to by either party in the course of
these proceedings, and no evidence has been adduced as to its provenance. In
particular, Mr Bowden was not called as a witness. As such, notwithstanding
the apparent concession from Mr Bowden in the 20 April 2016 letter, I do not
place much weight on this letter in my overall analysis.

86 Nonetheless, weighing the totality of the evidence detailed above at
[83]–[84], I find that the plaintiff has not established its claim for
S$1,878.68 of purchase fees for the One Canberra project on a balance of
probabilities. I therefore dismiss this claim.

Shortage and damage fees

87 In respect of the plaintiff’s claim for shortage fees, the plaintiff claims
that it is entitled to S$129,266.29 for equipment lost by the defendant. The
plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant has made payment of S$49,210.38,
and therefore claims the outstanding sum of S$80,055.91. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

SOC, paras 13–14.

88 In respect of the plaintiff’s claim for damage fees, the plaintiff claims
it is entitled to S$74,850.09 for equipment returned DR and S$68,392.66 for
equipment returned DBR. The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant has
made payment of S$53,962.52, and therefore claims the outstanding sum of
S$89,280.23. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

SOC, paras 16–17.

89 The defendant’s case is that the parties had reached a settlement agreement
on several of the plaintiff’s claims, including the claims for shortage and
damage fees for the One Canberra project. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS, para 118.

The defendant claims that this settlement agreement is reflected in an e-mail
sent by Mr Choo to the plaintiff’s Country Manager, Mr Graham Hartland (“Mr
Hartland”), on 13 December 2015 (the “13 December 2015 e-mail”). For ease of
reference, the 13 December 2015 e-mail states: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

3AB 614.

Hi Graham,

We discussed on Thursday and agreed the amount for the following Losses/DR/DBR
amount as follows:-

1\. Twin Fountains Loss & Damages/DBR - $40,000.00 – Account Closed as
lumpsum.

2\. One Canberra – Losses - $46,011.04. Based on ehub attached worksheet
assessment.

3\. One Canberra – Damages/DBR - $50,568.67. Based on ehub attached worksheet
assessment.

4\. Forestville – Losses - $51,701.91. Losses Account Closed. Based on ehub
attached worksheet assessment.

I have also stated that ehub has agreed to pay what we have assessed at our
end deemed reasonable and fair but if RMD disputes our assessments, RMD is
free to make additional justifiable claims for reassessment.

…

90 In response, the plaintiff claims that the 13 December 2015 e-mail shows
that the parties were still in the midst of negotiations, instead of having
concluded precise figures for a settlement. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS, para 79.

91 In my judgment, I accept the defendant’s contention that the parties had
reached a settlement agreement, as reflected in the 13 December 2015 e-mail.
First, I disagree with the plaintiff that the language of the 13 December 2015
e-mail suggests that negotiations were still ongoing; it is clear from the
wording of the e-mail that the parties had “agreed” on specific sums to be
paid by the defendant to the plaintiff. In any case, I note that following the
13 December 2015 e-mail, Mr Bowden sent another e-mail to Mr Choo on 21
December 2015, stating as follows: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

3AB 670.

Hi Edward,

As discussed this afternoon, we will provide you with 3 further invoices for
partial/progress payment, totalling 4 invoice for total of $188k.

Please send details as soon as possible, to target collection of check
tomorrow.

…

92 The figure of S$188,000 referenced by Mr Bowden closely matches the total
sum of payments agreed upon by the parties in the 13 December 2015 e-mail
(S$40,000 + S$46,011.04 + S$50,568.67 + S$51,701.91 = S$188,281.62). In my
view, this is further proof that the parties had agreed that the defendant
would pay the sums stated in the 13 December 2015 e-mail to the plaintiff.
Given that the parties were discussing the issuance of invoices and collection
of a cheque, it is clear that the parties had agreed on the sums to be paid
and were not simply in the midst of negotiations.

93 While Mr Bowden refers to these payments as “partial/progress payment[s]”,
I do not think that this undermines the defendant’s case that a settlement
agreement was reached. As I detail below, the weight of the remaining evidence
shows that the parties had reached a final settlement of the plaintiff’s
claims. In any case, I note that it was not part of the case advanced by the
plaintiff that the agreement reflected in the 13 December 2015 e-mail was only
a partial settlement of the plaintiff’s claims. Neither did the plaintiff call
Mr Bowden or Mr Hartland as its witnesses, to rebut Mr Choo’s testimony that a
final settlement had been reached per the 13 December 2015 e-mail. In the
circumstances, I do not read Mr Bowden’s e-mail of 21 December 2015 to mean
that the parties had only reached a partial settlement of the plaintiff’s
claims.

94 Following Mr Bowden’s e-mail on 21 December 2015, the plaintiff issued an
invoice to the defendant on 23 December 2015, for the shortage and damage fees
for the One Canberra project (“the 23 December 2015 invoice”). This invoice
reflected the amounts stated in the 13 December 2015 e-mail. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DBOD 60.

Based on the available documentary evidence, the 23 December 2015 invoice
appears to have been the last invoice issued by the plaintiff in respect of
the One Canberra project. In my view, this is consistent with the defendant’s
contention that the parties had reached a final settlement on the plaintiff’s
claims for shortage and damage fees.

95 Crucially, the plaintiff has also not pointed to any other correspondence
between the parties to suggest that the 23 December 2015 invoice was anything
other than a final settlement of the plaintiff’s claims. While Mr Cuperus
alleged in cross-examination that the amounts stated by Mr Choo in the 13
December 2015 e-mail were contested in a subsequent e-mail from the plaintiff,
he was not able to identify this e-mail. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 48 lines 1–9.

96 That being said, I note that, in fairness to the plaintiff, in the 20 April
2016 letter, Mr Bowden purports to claim S$61,000 in outstanding shortage fees
and S$82,000 in outstanding damage fees, in respect of the One Canberra
project. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

3AB 617.

However, as noted at [85] above, this letter was not referred to by either
party at trial or in their respective closing submissions, nor was any
evidence adduced as to the provenance of the letter or the context in which it
was sent. In the circumstances, I decline to place any significant weight on
the 20 April 2016 letter.

97 For completeness, I also note that the plaintiff argues that Mr Hartland
had no authority to enter into a settlement agreement with the defendant. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS, para 80.

Instead, the plaintiff contends that based on the authority matrix of RMD
Kwikform at the material time, the requisite authority lay with Mr Bowden and
RMD Kwikform’s Divisional Operations Director, Mr Ian Hayes. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Mr Cuperus’s AEIC, para 52 (1BA 19).

However, as Mr Cuperus conceded in cross-examination, the fact that invoices
were issued by the plaintiff pursuant to the 13 December 2015 e-mail indicates
that Mr Hartland had gone through the requisite internal processes of the
plaintiff. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 51 lines 9–21.

In any case, as noted at [91] above, Mr Bowden followed up on the settlement
agreement entered into by Mr Hartland and Mr Choo. This meant that
irrespective of any purported lack of authority on the part of Mr Hartland,
his acts were likely to have been ratified in any event by Mr Bowden.

98 I therefore find that the parties had reached a final settlement in respect
of the plaintiff’s claims for shortage and damages fees, as reflected in the
13 December 2015 e-mail. Pursuant to this settlement agreement, the defendant
duly made payment of S$103,340.29 (being S$50,568.67 + S$46,011.04 plus GST of
7%). 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

3AB 615.

Accordingly, there is no basis on which the plaintiff is entitled to further
sums from the defendant and I dismiss these claims.

99 In any case, and if I am wrong that a settlement agreement was reached
between the parties in respect of the One Canberra project, I note that the
plaintiff has put forth various sets of figures that it is allegedly entitled
to in respect of its claims for shortage and damage fees. While the Statement
of Claim states that the plaintiff is entitled to an outstanding sum of
S$80,055.91 in shortage fees and an outstanding sum of S$89,280.23 in damage
fees for the One Canberra project, the 20 April 2016 letter states that the
plaintiff is entitled to a balance sum of S$61,000 (after applying a 5%
discount) in shortage fees and S$82,000 in damage fees. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

3AB 617.

These figures are also inconsistent with a letter of demand from the
plaintiff’s solicitors dated 3 May 2017, wherein the plaintiff claims S$18,000
in shortage fees and S$55,000 in damage fees. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

3BA 737.

The plaintiff has not provided any explanation for these significantly
different sets of figures, or for the disparity between the amounts claimed in
the Statement of Claim and in the contemporaneous evidence. As such, if
necessary as an alternative basis for my decision, I find that even if no
settlement agreement was reached in respect of the shortage and damage fees,
the plaintiff has not proven its claim on a balance of probabilities. I would
therefore also dismiss the plaintiff’s claims for shortage and damage fees on
this basis.

The Forestville project

Hiring fees

100 The plaintiff claims that the defendant incurred hiring fees of
S$787,415.68. The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant made payment
of S$696,145.48 and claims the outstanding sum of S$91,270.20. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

SOC, paras 22 and 24.

101 The defendant contends that it has been overcharged by the plaintiff, as
the plaintiff erroneously double-counted Airodek equipment supplied to the
defendant. The defendant alleges that in October 2014, Airodek equipment was
moved from the car park area to the main block area of Blocks 40, 42, 46 and
48 of the Forestville project. However, the plaintiff continued to charge the
defendant for Airodek equipment in the car park area, in addition to charging
the defendant for Airodek equipment in the main block area. The defendant
claims that it has therefore overpaid the plaintiff by S$71,742.06 as a
result. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Defence, paras 22–23.

102 Further, the defendant alleges that certain equipment supplied to it,
referred to as the “Wallform double-sided” and the “Wallform staircase”
(collectively, the “Wallform equipment”), was defective in design.
Accordingly, in July 2014, Mr Tan had agreed to waive charges for the Wallform
equipment and to return the defendant the sum of S$81,704.70 that it had paid
for the Wallform equipment. However, it was subsequently agreed that the
Wallform equipment would be modified for use at a total cost of S$20,468.43,
to be paid by the defendant. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defence, paras 26–28.

103 The defendant contends that after setting off the amounts it has paid to
the plaintiff against the amounts owed to it by the plaintiff, the defendant
has in fact overpaid the plaintiff by S$41,708.13:

Hiring fees incurred | | S$787,415.68  
---|---|---  
Less hiring fees paid by defendant| | -S$696,145.48  
Less overpayments for alleged double-counting of Airodek equipment| | -S$71,742.06  
Less waived charges for Wallform equipment| | -S$81,704.70  
Add cost of modifying Wallform equipment| | S$20,468.43  
TOTAL| | -S$41,708.13  
  
The above also forms the basis of the defendant’s counterclaim for S$41,708.13
(see [16(b)] above).

104 In my judgment, I find that the plaintiff has established its claim on a
balance of probabilities. First, in the absence of any alternative records or
documents from the defendant, the Axapta Records are sufficient to prove the
plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees.

105 Second, I do not accept the defendant’s contention that it has been
double-charged for the supply of Airodek equipment. As Mr Cuperus explained in
re-examination, the plaintiff’s Axapta system tracks equipment based on
whether it is on hire, and not based on where it is deployed (eg, the car park
area versus the main block area). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 96 lines 3–9.

Accordingly, even if the defendant had shifted some Airodek equipment from the
car park area to the main block area, this would not result in the defendant
being double-charged for the same equipment. Moreover, Mr Cuperus further
explained that there may sometimes be errors in the way that charges are
separated across blocks in invoices issued by the plaintiff, as the system
relies on the plaintiff’s staff manually separating the hire charges into the
various blocks. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 96 lines 3–9 and p 98 lines 6–12.

In my view, this is a possible explanation for why it appears that the
defendant continued to be charged for equipment in the car park area, despite
its claim that it had moved the Airodek equipment to the main blocks.
Crucially however, this does not mean that the overall hiring fees that the
defendant was charged were erroneous.

106 Likewise, I reject the defendant’s argument that the parties had agreed to
omit charges for the Wallform equipment. In my view, the e-mail correspondence
between the parties shows that the plaintiff had at most offered to waive
charges for the Wallform equipment for certain months, but that ultimately the
parties were still in negotiations over how much the defendant should be
charged for the Wallform equipment.

107 On 5 December 2014, the plaintiff’s commercial manager, Ms Lynna Young
(“Ms Young”), e-mailed the defendant’s Mr Ng stating as follows: 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DBOD 235.

Hi Raymond,

Following to our discussion on Forestville, we do understood [sic] that there
is reduction of scope for staircase wall material. After our discussion with
Edward on 31th October 2014, that we are agreed to issue credit note for the
landing wall omission for June, July and August invoice.

…

Regards to that, in the meantime, we have done some reduction on your monthly
hire charges as follows;

\- September 2014 – reduction in landing wall hire charges;

\- October 2014 – cut off of the whole hire charges for staircase wall and
double sided wall [Zero charges];

\- November 2014 – cut off the whole hire charges for staircase wall and
double sided wall [Zero charges].

…

[sic]

108 Contrary to the defendant’s pleaded case that an agreement had been
reached in July 2014 to waive all charges for the Wallform equipment, it is
clear from Ms Young’s e-mail above that the plaintiff was only offering to
waive charges for the Wallform equipment in relation to specific months. In
addition, when Ms Young e-mailed the defendant on 30 December 2014 attaching
the invoice for the month of December 2014, I note that the invoice included
charges for the Wallform equipment for the month of December. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DBOD 242–243.

In my view, this goes to show that the parties did not agree that all charges
for the Wallform equipment would be waived.

109 In any case, even if the plaintiff had offered to waive some of the
charges for the Wallform equipment, the plaintiff subsequently rescinded this
offer through Ms Young’s e-mail of 9 January 2015. In her e-mail, Ms Young
informed the defendant that the plaintiff had “under billed” for the Wallform
equipment, as the minimum hire period under the Forestville Agreement was 6.5
months. Accordingly, Ms Young informed the defendant that the plaintiff would
be issuing an additional hire invoice. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DBOD 255.

On 13 January 2015, Mr Ng replied to disagree that the defendant should be
liable for 6.5 months of hiring fees. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DBOD 256.

110 In my view, it is clear that the parties were in disagreement over whether
the defendant should be charged for the Wallform equipment. This, taken with
my finding at [105] above, leads me to conclude that the defendant has not
established its defence to the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees. I therefore
allow the plaintiff’s claim for S$91,270.20 in outstanding hiring fees.

Purchase fees

111 The plaintiff claims that the defendant has incurred purchase fees of
S$15,366.98, for which it has not made any payment. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

SOC, para 24.2.

112 In my judgment, the plaintiff has not proven its claim on a balance of
probabilities, for reasons similar to those at [83] above. Similar to the
plaintiff’s claim for purchase fees for the One Canberra project, the
plaintiff has not identified which documents in the Axapta Records support its
claim for purchase fees for the Forestville project. While the Further and
Better Particulars to the Statement of Claim lists out items allegedly
purchased by the defendant from the plaintiff, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

F&BP to SOC, Annex 5.

the items in this list exceed what is stated in the Statement of Claim. There
is also no reference to any specific invoices or documents that may support
the plaintiff’s claim for purchase fees, in the Statement of Claim or the
plaintiff’s closing submissions.

113 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff has not proven its claim on a
balance of probabilities and dismiss the plaintiff’s claim for purchase fees
in respect of the Forestville project.

Shortage fees

114 The plaintiff claims that the defendant has incurred S$60,818.29 in
shortage fees. The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant has made
payment of S$51,701.92, and accordingly claims the outstanding sum of
S$9,116.37. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

SOC, paras 26 and 27.

115 The defendant’s case is that the parties had reached a settlement
agreement as reflected in the 13 December 2015 e-mail, under which the
defendant would pay the plaintiff S$51,701.92 in settlement of the plaintiff’s
claim for shortage fees. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS, para 118(c).

116 For reasons similar to those detailed at [91]–[93] and [95] above, I find
that the parties did reach a settlement agreement in respect of the
plaintiff’s claim for shortage fees. Based on the available evidence, it
appears that the plaintiff did not issue an invoice to the defendant in
respect of the Forestville project following the 13 December 2015 e-mail.
Nonetheless, I note that the defendant made payment of S$51,701.92 to the
plaintiff on 23 December 2015. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

3BA 724.

On the other hand, the plaintiff has not pointed to any contemporaneous
evidence to suggest that the parties did not reach a compromise agreement. For
completeness, while the settlement sum stated in the 13 December 2015 e-mail
is slightly different from the sum that the defendant paid to the plaintiff (a
one cent difference of S$51,701.91 versus S$51,701.92), this difference is de
minimis and immaterial to my decision.

117 I therefore find that on a balance of probabilities, the parties did reach
a binding settlement agreement in respect of the plaintiff's claim for
shortage fees as evidenced by the 13 December 2015 e-mail. Given that it is
not disputed that the defendant paid an amount equivalent to the settlement
sum, there is no basis for the plaintiff’s claim, and I dismiss this claim
accordingly.

Damage fees

118 The plaintiff claims that it is entitled to S$87,918.60 for equipment
returned DR and S$15,113.64 for equipment returned DBR. The plaintiff claims
that the defendant has not made any payment to date, and therefore claims the
outstanding sum of S$103,032.24. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

SOC, para 30.

119 In my judgment, the plaintiff has proven its claim on the basis of the
Axapta Records. I have already rejected the defendant’s argument that there
was a separate agreement that the defendant would be charged for damaged
equipment based on actual damage caused (at [59] above). The only remaining
defence that the defendant raises consists of allegations that the plaintiff’s
assessment of damaged equipment was incorrect, and that the plaintiff did not
carry out any repair of the damaged equipment. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Defence, para 33.

However, the defendant has not adduced any evidence to support these
allegations. Insofar as Mr Chin put forth an alternate assessment of damage
fees by excluding damaged plywood from the plaintiff’s claims, I have found
that Mr Chin’s assessment is unreliable for the reasons detailed at [70]
above. I find that the defendant has not established any defence to the
plaintiff’s claim. I therefore allow the plaintiff’s claim for damage fees in
the sum of S$103,032.24.

The Sea Horizon project

Hiring fees

120 The plaintiff claims that the defendant has incurred S$545,993.06 in
hiring fees. The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant has paid
S$532,341.25 and claims the outstanding sum of S$13,651.81. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

SOC, para 38.

121 In my judgment, I find that the plaintiff has proven its claim on the
basis of the Axapta Records. The defendant contends that it has been double-
charged for Airodek equipment, ie, that after certain Airodek equipment was
moved from Block 9 to Block 11 of the Sea Horizon project, the plaintiff
charged the defendant for Airodek equipment in both Block 9 and 11. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCS, para 94.

For reasons similar to those detailed above at [105], I am not persuaded that
the moving of equipment from one block to another would result in the
defendant being double-charged. In any case, I note that the defendant’s
allegation that it was double-charged is not corroborated by any of the
contemporaneous evidence. While the defendant refers to an invoice summary
issued by the plaintiff for the month of January 2015, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DCS, para 94; DBOD 347.

all that this invoice summary shows is that the defendant was not charged
hiring fees for Airodek equipment in Block 11 from 30 November 2014 to 31
January 2015, while the defendant was charged hiring fees for Airodek
equipment in Block 9 during the same period. In my view, this in fact perhaps
goes to show that the defendant was not double-charged for Airodek equipment,
if equipment was indeed moved from Block 9 to Block 11.

122 Likewise, I reject the defendant’s contention that the parties had agreed
to omit any charges for the “Klik Klak” platform. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS, para 95.

Again, I find this allegation to be uncorroborated by the factual evidence.
The defendant relies again on the invoice summary issued by the plaintiff for
the month of January 2015, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DBOD 347.

but this only shows that the defendant appears to not have incurred charges
for the “Klik Klak” platform for some blocks. This does not in any way show
that there was an agreement to waive or omit charges for the “Klik Klak”
platform altogether.

123 I therefore allow the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees in the sum of
S$13,651.81.

Shortage fees

124 The plaintiff claims that the defendants have incurred S$126,660.09 in
shortage fees. The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant has made
payment of S$38,242.29 and claims the outstanding sum of S$88,417.80. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

SOC, para 41.

125 The defendant’s case is that the plaintiff’s Country Manager, Mr Andrew
Box (“Mr Box”) and Mr Choo reached an agreement to settle the plaintiff’s
shortage claims for S$42,753.81. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Defence, para 44.

The defendant contends that the settlement agreement is contained in an e-mail
sent by Mr Box to Mr Choo on 29 December 2016 (“the 29 December 2016 e-mail”),
which states as follows: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

3AB 722.

Subject: FW: Sea Horizon – Shortage Material Charges

Hi Edward,

As discussed, we agree with the $36,566.83 plus GST plus a negotiated figure
to make the total payable $39,956.83 plus GST.

How do you want this presented so we can finalise?

…

126 The plaintiff subsequently issued an invoice to the defendant on 27 March
2017 (INS003947) for the amount of S$39,126.51 (including GST) in respect of
the loss charges for the Sea Horizon project. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

DBOD 447.

In my view, this is consistent with the defendant’s contention that the 29
December 2016 e-mail constituted a settlement agreement. While the amount the
defendant was invoiced for differs slightly from the amount reflected in the
29 December 2016 e-mail (S$39,956.83 versus S$39,126.51), I find the
difference in figures to be immaterial.

127 I do not accept the plaintiff’s argument that Mr Box had no authority to
enter into any settlement agreement with the defendant. For reasons similar to
those at [97] above, I find that Mr Box must have had the requisite authority
to reach an agreement with Mr Choo and in any case, it is likely that the
plaintiff subsequently ratified the agreement, given that an invoice for
S$39,126.51 was issued by the plaintiff subsequent to the agreement reached
with Mr Choo.

128 Separately, while the defendant’s pleaded case is that the parties agreed
on a settlement sum of S$42,753.81 (comprising S$39,126.51 plus a separate sum
of S$3,627.30), I note that the invoice issued in respect of the sum of
S$3,627.30 was for miscellaneous hire charges, and not for shortage fees. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DBOD 448.

As such, on the available evidence, I find that the parties agreed to settle
the plaintiff’s shortage claims for the Sea Horizon project for S$39,126.51.
This sum was duly paid by the defendant. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DBOD 449.

Accordingly, there are no outstanding sums due to the plaintiff. I therefore
dismiss the plaintiff’s claim.

Damage Fees

129 The plaintiff claims that it is entitled to S$101,890.28 for equipment
returned DR and S$17,829.01 for equipment returned DBR. The plaintiff claims
that the defendant has not made any payment to date, and therefore claims the
outstanding sum of S$119,719.29. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

SOC, paras 43–44.

130 In my judgment, the plaintiff has established its claims on the basis of
the Axapta Records. I have already rejected the defendant’s argument that
there was a separate agreement that the defendant would be charged for damaged
equipment based on actual damage caused (at [59] above). The only other
defence raised by the defendant is that the plaintiff’s assessment of damaged
equipment was incorrect, and that the plaintiff did not carry out any repair
of the damaged equipment. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Defence, para 45.

For the reasons detailed at [119] above, I find that the defendant has not
established a defence to the plaintiff’s claim. I therefore allow the
plaintiff’s claim in the sum of S$119,719.29.

The Twin Fountains project

Hiring fees

131 The plaintiff claims that the defendant has incurred hiring fees of
S$454,592.23. The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant has made
payment of S$384,402.72 and claims the outstanding sum of S$70,189.51. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

SOC, para 56.1.

132 The defendant’s case is that the plaintiff’s Mr Tan had agreed to lower
the “original lump sum block price”, as a result of the plaintiff delivering
equipment three months late and committing other breaches of the Twin
Fountains Agreement. The defendant contends that it has paid the lowered sum
of hiring fees (amounting to S$384,002.72) and that there are therefore no
more outstanding sums. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Defence, paras 50–51.

133 I have already rejected the defendant’s contention that the parties agreed
to a “block price” or a fixed weekly rate for equipment hired from the
plaintiff (see [59] above). Nonetheless, I find some force in the defendant’s
argument that the contemporaneous evidence shows that the parties had agreed
that the defendant would be charged at a lower rate for equipment hired. For
instance, in relation to the hire fees that the defendant incurred for Block
17 of the Twin Fountains project, the monthly invoices from the plaintiff show
that the defendant was consistently charged at a lower monthly rate of
S$5,983.83 from March 2014 to January 2015. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

DBOD 92, 98, 101, 104, 109, 114, 121, 125, 132, and 136.

This is compared to the higher monthly rate of S$7,114.13 that appears in the
Statement of Claim. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

SOC, Schedule H (Set Down Bundle Volume 1, p 75).

134 The plaintiff has not offered any alternative explanation for why it
appears to have charged the defendant lower rates in the monthly invoices, but
is now relying on a higher monthly rate in the Statement of Claim. Instead,
the only argument raised by the plaintiff is that Mr Tan had no authority to
enter into an agreement with Mr Choo. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Reply to Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) dated 21 April 2021
(“Reply to D&CC”), paras 29 and 32.

However, for reasons stated at [97] above, if Mr Tan had indeed agreed to
charge the defendant lower rates for equipment hired for the Twin Fountains
project, then the fact that invoices were subsequently issued by the plaintiff
reflecting those lowered rates goes to show that Mr Tan had the requisite
authority to do so or that, in any event, the requisite internal approvals
were in place. Accordingly, the plaintiff’s argument is somewhat of a red
herring, and does not necessarily prove that no such agreement was entered
into.

135 In the circumstances, I find that on a balance of probabilities, the
parties did enter into an agreement that the defendant would be charged lower
rates for equipment on hire, such that the defendant only incurred
S$384,002.72 in hiring fees. Given that it is undisputed that the defendant
has paid this sum, there is no outstanding sum owed to the plaintiff. I
therefore dismiss the plaintiff’s claim.

Purchase fees

136 The plaintiff claims that the defendant incurred S$857.64 in purchase
fees, for which no payment has been made. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

SOC, para 56.2.

In my judgment, the plaintiff’s claim is supported by the invoices it has
adduced. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

34AB 10045 and 10066.

137 I do not accept the defendant’s argument that it is not liable to pay for
purchase fees, simply because there was no purchase order or written order
issued for all of the purchases. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DCS, paras 55–56.

Clause 6 of the Special Terms & Conditions annexed to the Twin Fountains
Agreement only states that “written order confirmation” is required as a
condition for “40% [d]own payment”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

1BA 279.

In my view, there is nothing in this clause to suggest that the defendant is
not liable to pay for equipment purchased unless a separate purchase order or
written order confirmation is given. In any case, even if the defendant is
correct in its interpretation of cl 6 of the Special Terms & Conditions, I am
prepared to find that the invoices issued by the plaintiff constitute
sufficient written confirmation of the items purchased by the defendant.

138 I also do not accept the defendant’s argument that the alleged purchases
were in fact equipment hired out to the defendant, which the defendant has
paid hiring fees for and which has been returned to the plaintiff. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

DCS, paras 105–107.

As Mr Cuperus explained in cross-examination, certain equipment supplied by
the plaintiff requires the hirer to also purchase consumables such as bar
ties, accessories, bolts, nuts, pins and clips to “complete the kit required
to finish [the] job”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 27 lines 7–12.

The plaintiff would not hire out such consumable items, as they would be
“lodged in the dirt” and not returned. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 27 lines 4–5.

As such, each of the Agreements would provide one quote for “proprietary hire
items”, which was the estimated cost of hiring equipment, and a separate quote
for “proprietary sale items”, which was the estimated cost of consumable items
that the hirer was required to purchase. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 90 lines 2–15.

139 I find Mr Cuperus’s explanation to be logical and sensible. Put another
way, it would make little commercial sense for the Agreements to contain a
separate quote for “proprietary sale items”, if the parties had simply
intended for the defendant to hire all items (including consumables) from the
plaintiff. Moreover, I note that the items allegedly purchased by the
defendant consist of nuts, bolts and the like, which is consistent with Mr
Cuperus’s explanation that these are consumables that the defendant is
required to purchase.

140 I therefore allow the plaintiff’s claim in the sum of S$857.64.

Damage Fees

141 The plaintiff claims that it is entitled to a total of S$83,593.86
(including GST) for equipment returned DR and DBR. The plaintiff does not
dispute that the defendant has made payment of S$42,800, and therefore claims
the outstanding sum of S$40,793.86. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

SOC, paras 58–59.

142 The defendant’s case is that Mr Hartland and Mr Choo had agreed that the
defendant would pay S$42,800 in full and final settlement of the plaintiff’s
claims for shortage and damage fees for the Twin Fountains project (for
completeness, I note the plaintiff has not claimed any shortage fees for the
Twin Fountains project). 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DCS, para 118(d).

143 For reasons similar to those at [91]–[93] and [95] above, I accept the
defendant’s contention that the parties reached a settlement agreement in
respect of the plaintiff’s claim for damage fees. In this regard, I note that
the 13 December 2015 e-mail expressly refers to the plaintiff’s claims for
shortage and damage fees as “Account Closed”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

3BA 703.

Moreover, subsequent to the 13 December 2015 e-mail, the plaintiff issued an
invoice to the defendant on 23 December 2015 for the sum of S$42,800 (ie,
S$40,000 plus GST of 7%) for loss and damage fees arising out of the Twin
Fountains project. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

3BA 723.

For the reasons detailed at [97] above, this evidences that Mr Tan had the
requisite authority to enter into a settlement agreement with Mr Choo, or
alternatively, that the agreement was subsequently ratified by the plaintiff.

144 I therefore find that a settlement was reached in respect of the
plaintiff’s claim for damage fees. Given that the defendant has paid the
settlement sum of S$42,800, 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

3BA 721.

there are no further sums owing to the plaintiff. I therefore dismiss the
plaintiff’s claim.

145 Given my conclusion that the parties entered into a binding settlement
agreement in respect of the plaintiff’s claim for damage fees, I do not find
it necessary to deal with the defendant’s alternative defence that it is
“extravagant and unconscionable” for the plaintiff to claim 25% or 60% of the
list sale rate for damaged Airodek panels, or that there were errors in the
plaintiff’s calculation of its damage fees. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Defence, para 53A.

The Nassim Hill project

Are the claims time-barred?

146 The defendant contends that most of the plaintiff’s claims for the Nassim
Hill project are time-barred under s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed), which provides that an action founded on a contract shall not be
brought after the expiration of six years from the date on which the cause of
action accrued. The defendant highlights that most of the plaintiff’s claims
for hiring, shortage and damage fees for the Nassim Hill project accrued in
early 2013. However, the present suit was commenced more than six years later,
on 12 July 2019. Accordingly, the defendant contends that the plaintiff’s
claims should be time-barred. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

DCS, paras 134–135.

147 In response, the plaintiff alleges that correspondence between the parties
indicates that there was “an agreement to hold any commencement of legal
proceedings in abeyance, pending negotiations and a settlement of the issues
relating to the Nassim Hill project”. The plaintiff argues that any cause of
action therefore only accrued upon the failure of such negotiations, around 24
May 2016. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PRS, para 56.

148 I disagree with the plaintiff’s contention that there was any agreement to
hold the commencement of legal proceedings in abeyance. In the first place, it
was not part of the plaintiff’s pleaded case that there was any such
agreement. In its Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1), all that
the plaintiff said in response to the defendant’s allegation that the claims
were time-barred was that “[t]he parties had exchanged correspondences [sic]
regarding the assessment of the damaged equipment”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Reply to D&CC, para 43.

Neither did the plaintiff adduce any evidence of this alleged agreement from
its witnesses, or cross-examine the defendant’s witnesses on the same. In
other words, the first mention of such an agreement was in the plaintiff’s
closing submissions. On this basis alone, I would reject the plaintiff’s
argument that there was an agreement to hold the commencement of legal
proceedings in abeyance until 24 May 2016.

149 In any case, the e-mail correspondence that the plaintiff relies on does
not support its contention that there was an agreement to hold the
commencement of legal proceedings in abeyance. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

3AB 811–840.

It is significant that none of the contemporaneous correspondence expressly
refers to such an agreement. On the contrary, the correspondence suggests that
the parties were considering commencing legal proceedings sometime in April
2016\. On 21 April 2016, Mr Choo sent an e-mail to Mr Bowden stating: 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

3AB 828.

Subject: RE: Nassim Hill & One Canberra - Final Outstanding Accounts - URGENT

Dear Hamish,

I have seen the contents of the DR/DBR and they are not much difference from
the original which we have rejected but responded and made payment accordingly
to our assessed value, so it is better send all these projects to arbitration
for the settlement of DR/DBR items. Each party will pay its share of the
arbitration fee based on assessed value. The arbitrator can be a mutually
agreed arbitrator.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

150 In response, Mr Bowden sent an e-mail to Mr Choo on 25 April 2016, stating
as follows: 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

3AB 827–828.

Hi Edward,

…

I trust we are able to quickly resolve. If we are not able to come to an
acceptable agreement very quickly on these old accounts, we will of course
have no choice but to seek alternative means (arbitration, SOP, etc.) to
resolve.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

151 In my view, the above e-mails contradict the plaintiff’s assertion that
there was an agreement prior to May 2016 to hold the commencement of legal
proceedings in abeyance. Had there indeed been such an agreement, it does not
make sense that the parties were discussing the commencement of legal
proceedings in April 2016, especially without any reference to or mention of
this alleged agreement. I therefore reject the plaintiff’s contention that the
parties had reached an agreement to hold the commencement of legal proceedings
in abeyance, such that any cause of action only accrued on or around 24 May
2016.

152 In respect of the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees, I accept the
defendant’s argument that at least some of the plaintiff’s claims are time-
barred. The plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees consists of various invoices
that span a period starting from 31 May 2012 and ending on 31 July 2013. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

SOC, para 73.

Under cl 6 of the Special Terms and Conditions annexed to the Nassim Hill
Agreement, the defendant was liable to pay for hiring fees within 30 days from
presentation of an invoice. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

See eg, 2BA 347.

In my view, and in the absence of any evidence showing when the invoices
supporting the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees were actually presented to
the defendant, I find that the plaintiff’s cause of action accrued after the
expiry of 30 days from the date of each of the respective invoices.
Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees is time-barred,
save for its claims in respect of the following two invoices:

(a) invoice number INS000373 dated 30 June 2013 for the sum of S$263.22
(including GST); 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

35AB 10285.

and

(b) invoice number INS000439 dated 31 July 2013 for the sum of S$8.77
(including GST). 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

35AB 10297.

153 As for the plaintiff’s claims for shortage and damage fees, I note that
there is no express clause in the Nassim Hill Agreement specifically
addressing when payment became due for shortage or damage fees. The defendant
contends that the plaintiff’s cause of action accrued once the damaged
equipment was returned to the plaintiff, or once the lost equipment ought to
have been returned. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

DCS, para 135.

However, I note that cl 23 of the Conditions of Trading annexed to the Nassim
Hill Agreement provides as follows: 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

See eg, 2BA 348.

PAYMENT

23\. In the case of Equipment for hire, the [plaintiff] will issue an invoice
to the [defendant] for the Rental and any other amounts due in accordance with
these Conditions on the last working day of the month on which the Equipment
is delivered or collected or in which other amounts become due and on the last
working day of every month thereafter until the date the Equipment is returned
to the [plaintiff] in accordance with these Conditions. Payment is due 30 days
from the date of the invoice. Time shall be of the essence in respect of the
payment of all sums due hereunder

[emphasis added in bold italics]

154 In my view, based on the wording of cl 23, the phrase “any other amounts
due” is broad enough to include any fees due to be paid by the defendant for
lost or damaged equipment. As such, I find that any shortage or damage fees
became due to the plaintiff, at the latest, 30 days from the date of the
invoice issued for the said shortage or damage fees. Accordingly, the
plaintiff’s cause of action would have accrued on the day after the expiry of
that 30-day period.

155 The next question is: when did the plaintiff issue invoices for the
allegedly outstanding shortage and damage fees?

156 In respect of the plaintiff’s claims for damage fees, I note that in Annex
12 of its Further and Better Particulars to the Statement of Claim, the
plaintiff has particularised the dates on which damaged equipment was returned
and the corresponding hire return notes. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

F&BP to SOC, Annex 12.

Based on the hire tax invoices produced by the plaintiff, it appears that the
plaintiff issued invoices for damage fees on the same day that it received the
damaged equipment in question. For instance:

(a) For hire return note 60086 dated 28 June 2013, 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

21AB 6119.

the corresponding invoices for damage fees are INS000359 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

35AB 10280.

and INS000360, 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

35AB 10281.

which are both dated 28 June 2013.

(b) For hire return note 60088 dated 28 June 2013, 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

21AB 6121.

the corresponding invoices for damage fees are INS000364 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

35AB 10279.

and INS000363, 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

35AB 10284.

which are both dated 28 June 2013.

(c) For hire return note 60096 dated 5 July 2013, 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

21AB 6138.

the corresponding invoice for damage fees is INS000396, 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

35AB 10286.

which is dated 5 July 2013.

157 I am therefore prepared to treat the dates particularised at Annex 12 of
the Further and Better Particulars to the Statement of Claim as the dates on
which the plaintiff issued invoices for damage fees. Given my finding above at
[154] that the plaintiff’s cause of action accrued after the expiry of 30 days
from the date on which it issued an invoice to the defendant, it follows that
the plaintiff’s claims in respect of invoices issued before 11 June 2013 are
time-barred. For example, an invoice issued on 11 June 2013 would have to be
paid by 11 July 2013 at the latest. Any cause of action on that invoice would
start to accrue on 12 July 2013 and the last day of the limitation period
would be 12 July 2019. Accordingly, based on the breakdown of the invoices at
Annex 1 of this judgment, I find that the plaintiff is allowed to pursue its
claim for damage fees up to a sum of S$40,968.59 but that its remaining claims
for damage fees are time-barred.

158 As for the plaintiff’s claims for shortage fees, I note that based on the
available evidence, it appears that the first invoices issued by the plaintiff
to the defendant for shortage fees for the Nassim Hill project are dated 23
March 2015. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

35AB 10322.

This would suggest that there was a considerable lag in time from when the
Nassim Hill project allegedly ended in 2013, to when the plaintiff invoiced
the defendant for shortage charges in March 2015. Nonetheless, I am of the
view that this is consistent with Mr Cuperus’s evidence that the plaintiff
usually requires some time to determine the quantity of equipment that has
been lost, after it receives returns of equipment. In cross-examination, Mr
Cuperus explained that the plaintiff would rely on the Axapta system to
generate a report reflecting the net amount of equipment returned by a
customer. If there was a net shortage of equipment returned, the plaintiff
would direct the customer to “look around the yard to find any other equipment
that might be lying around … to try and pick up and return those last pieces”.
The plaintiff would therefore allow the customer “a few months” before it
“[drew] a line” and issued the customer an invoice for lost equipment. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 96 lines 12–23.

159 Moreover, Mr Cuperus also explained that the plaintiff’s business model is
that it would charge customers for equipment on hire, until said equipment was
returned to the plaintiff. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NEs, 6 May 2021, p 96 lines 3–9 and lines 20–22.

In other words, it appears that the plaintiff did not require its customers to
return equipment by a certain deadline. This suggests that the plaintiff would
be unable to determine whether equipment was lost or simply still on hire to
its customer, until the project had ended, and the customer purported to
return all equipment hired from the plaintiff. Only then would the plaintiff
be able to determine if it had received a net shortage of equipment. Indeed, I
note that the “Project Movement and Balances” document for the Nassim Hill
project, which tracks the amount of equipment hired out against the amount of
equipment returned, was only generated by the plaintiff on 23 March 2015. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

45AB 13267.

This is the same date on which the plaintiff issued invoices to the defendant
for shortage charges, as noted at [158] above.

160 I therefore find that the plaintiff only invoiced the defendant for the
shortage fees on 23 March 2015, and that the plaintiff’s cause of action for
shortage fees accrued after the expiry of 30 days from that date. The
plaintiff’s claim for shortage fees is therefore well within the limitation
period and is not time-barred. I now turn to consider the merits of the
plaintiff’s non-time-barred claims for the Nassim Hill project against the
factual evidence.

Hiring fees

161 As noted at [152] above, the plaintiff is entitled to pursue its claim up
to a sum of S$271.99 (being S$263.22 + S$8.77), while the remainder of its
claim for hiring fees is time-barred.

162 In my judgment, the plaintiff has established its claim for hiring fees in
the sum of S$271.99 based on the invoices adduced. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

35AB 10285 and 10297.

The only remaining defence raised by the defendant is that the parties agreed
to a “block price” or a fixed weekly rate for equipment hired, 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Defence, para 60.

which I have rejected at [59] above. I therefore allow the plaintiff’s claim
for S$271.99.

Shortage fees

163 The plaintiff claims that the defendant has incurred S$198,625.50 in
shortage fees, for which the defendant has not made any payment. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

SOC, para 75.

In my judgment, the plaintiff has established its claim for shortage fees
based on the Axapta Records.

164 In its closing submissions, the defendant contends that the plaintiff’s
claim for shortage fees is barred by the doctrine of laches, as the plaintiff
only raised this claim in 2017 after the defendant had no means of verifying
the plaintiff’s claim. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

DCS, paras 136–137.

165 To begin with, I note that the defendant did not plead the doctrine of
laches as a defence to the plaintiff’s claim for shortage fees; in its Defence
and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), the defendant only pleaded the doctrine of
laches as a defence to the plaintiff’s claim for damage fees. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Defence, para 68.

166 In any case, I disagree that the doctrine of laches has any application in
the present case. The doctrine of laches is an equitable doctrine that may be
raised as a defence to a claim in equity. As the Court of Appeal noted in
Esben Finance Ltd and others v Wong Hou-Lianq Neil [2022] 1 SLR 136 (“Esben
Finance”) at [113]:

113 We begin with the observation that the equitable doctrine of laches is
generally invoked to bar a claim for equitable relief where a substantial
lapse of time has occurred, coupled with the existence of circumstances that
make it inequitable to enforce the claim. The doctrine has, as its conceptual
foundation, the equitable maxim vigilantibus, non dormientibus, jura
subveniunt (equity aids the vigilant and not the indolent). This maxim itself
stems from the flexible nature of the equitable jurisdiction of the court,
which can be invoked in certain situations to bar claims where the conscience
is pricked and where no other innocent interest is affected … It can be seen,
therefore, that the doctrine of laches has its origins in the notion of
unconscionability that underpins the equitable jurisdiction of the court …

[emphasis in original]

167 The courts will therefore generally be wary of the doctrine of laches
finding its way into common law claims. In Esben Finance, the Court of Appeal
rejected the notion that the doctrine of laches had any application to a
restitutionary claim in unjust enrichment, noting at [122]:

122 These weighty considerations notwithstanding, we are of the view that they
cannot displace the weightier considerations in favour of not lightly
extending equitable doctrines into the realm of the common law, bearing in
mind the historical fact that flexible equitable doctrines were developed in
response to what was seen as the harsh rigidity of the common law and thus
that the equitable jurisdiction and the common law jurisdiction should not be
conflated ... The notion of unconscionability which, as we observed above,
underpins equitable doctrines, does not readily lend itself to cases where the
equitable jurisdiction of the court is not invoked at all, such as common law
claims for common law reliefs (for example, claims in unjust enrichment) which
are based on the vindication of an identifiable legal right, and not whether
it is fair and/or just in the circumstances to grant such relief … The
introduction of equitable notions of unconscionability into common law actions
by way of incremental case law development risks producing intrinsically fact-
sensitive outcomes which may ‘sow the seeds of confusion and harvest the
returns of uncertainty’ (see Chwee Kin Keong at [130]) with regard to what the
applicable limitation period is in each case. This potential for uncertainty
is further underscored by the fact that the local case law is divided over
whether the doctrine of laches ought to apply in pure common law claims.

[emphasis in original]

168 In my view, the observations above apply squarely to the present case. The
plaintiff’s claim is contractual in nature and is therefore grounded firmly in
the common law. I do not see any compelling need to import an equitable
doctrine into a common law claim, nor has the defendant suggested any. I
therefore reject the defendant’s contention that the plaintiff’s claim is
barred by the doctrine of laches.

169 The defendant’s remaining defences are that the defendant allegedly
returned an excess of S$49,767.76 worth of equipment to the plaintiff, and
that the plaintiff has repeatedly failed to provide the defendant with a list
of equipment delivered to and returned from the project site. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Defence, paras 64–65.

In my judgment, the defendant has not adduced sufficient evidence to support
either of these contentions. In any case, I accept Mr Cuperus’s evidence that
when the plaintiff receives an excess of equipment returned, it has to reject
any equipment that does not have the plaintiff’s brand on it, as it does not
want its fleet to be “contaminated” by foreign equipment. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NEs 6 May 2021, p 67 lines 15–19.

As such, even if the defendant did return an excess of equipment to the
plaintiff, this would not have the effect of decreasing the amount of shortage
fees payable, if the equipment returned was not RMD Kwikform-branded. I
therefore find that the defendant has not established any defence to the
plaintiff’s claim for shortage fees and allow the plaintiff’s claim in the sum
of S$198,625.50.

Damage Fees

170 As noted at [157] above, the plaintiff is entitled to pursue its claim for
damage fees up to a sum of S$40,968.59, while the remainder of its claim for
damage fees is time-barred.

171 The defendant contends that the plaintiff’s claim for damage fees is
barred by the doctrine of laches. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Defence, para 68.

For the reasons stated at [166]–[168] above, I reject this argument.
Separately, while the defendant alleges that the plaintiff has not provided
evidence of the damaged equipment and did not carry out repairs to the
equipment, 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Defence, para 66.

I find that the defendant has not adduced sufficient evidence to support this
contention. Neither has the defendant adduced sufficient evidence for its
allegation that the plaintiff refused to allow the defendant to assess the
damaged equipment. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Defence, para 67.

In the round, the defendant has not established a defence to the plaintiff’s
claim for damage fees.

172 I find that the plaintiff has proven its claim for damage fees based on
the Axapta Records and therefore allow the plaintiff’s claim for damage fees
in the sum of S$40,968.59.

Issue 5: Is the defendant entitled to its counterclaims?

The One Canberra and Twin Fountains counterclaims

173 As noted at [16(a)] above, the defendant claims that it is entitled to
recover an administrative and management cost of S$15,000 for each of the One
Canberra and Twin Fountains projects (ie, S$30,000 in total), as it allegedly
carried out an assessment of lost or damaged equipment and prepared a final
account summary at the plaintiff’s request.

174 In my judgment, the defendant has not adduced any evidence to support its
counterclaims. For instance, there is no evidence of any request from the
plaintiff to carry out the assessment of lost or damaged equipment that the
defendant alleges it did, or any evidence that the defendant in fact carried
out such an assessment. In my view, Mr Choo fairly and rightly conceded in
cross-examination that there is no evidence on record that the defendant
actually incurred the amount that it claims. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NEs 12 May 2021, p 45 lines 18–20.

I therefore dismiss the defendant’s counterclaims in respect of the One
Canberra and Twin Fountains projects.

The Forestville counterclaim

175 As noted at [103] above, the defendant’s counterclaim for the Forestville
project of $41,708.13 (set out at [16(b)] above) rests on the same arguments
that the defendant raises in defence to the plaintiff’s claim for hiring fees
in that project. Namely, that the defendant was double-charged for Airodek
equipment and that the parties had agreed to waive charges for the Wallform
equipment. I have rejected both of these arguments above at [105]–[110]. There
is therefore no basis for the defendant’s counterclaim, and accordingly I
dismiss the defendant’s counterclaim in respect of the Forestville project.

The Nassim Hill counterclaim

176 As noted at [16(c)] above, the defendant claims the following sums in
respect of the Nassim Hill project: (a) a back charge of S$41,400 arising from
the plaintiff’s delayed delivery of equipment, which the plaintiff (through Mr
Kennedy) allegedly agreed to indemnify the defendant for; (b) a back charge of
S$71,300 arising from the plaintiff’s late delivery of minima plywood; and (c)
a further cost of S$10,000 arising from the defendant having to subsequently
change the plywood on site.

177 In my judgment, the defendant has not adduced sufficient evidence to
substantiate its counterclaims.

178 First, in relation to the back charge of S$41,000, the defendant has not
produced any evidence to show that it actually incurred this cost. In cross-
examination, Mr Choo conceded that there is no available evidence to support
this back charge. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NEs 12 May 2021, p 45 line 21 to p 46 line 1.

Likewise, Mr Kennedy denies that he entered into any agreement with Mr Choo to
indemnify the defendant for a back charge of S$41,400. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Noel Joseph Kennedy, paras 25–26 (2BA 393).

I therefore dismiss the defendant’s counterclaim in respect of the back charge
of S$41,400.

179 Second, in relation to the defendant’s claim for a back charge of
S$71,300, I note that the defendant contends that its claim is supported by
various invoices issued by the defendant to the plaintiff, as well as by
invoices issued by the main contractor, Shimizu, to the defendant. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NEs 12 May 2021, p 82 lines 14–15.

In my view, the documentary evidence relied upon by the defendant does not
support its claim. To begin with, no evidence was adduced as to what the
charges in the invoices pertain to. From the invoices, it appears that Shimizu
had charged the defendant for “Supply of Labour for … wall hacking due to
uneven system formwork” for the months of February to April 2013, which the
defendant then in turn charged the plaintiff for. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

2BA 425–437.

From the face of the invoices, it is unclear how these charges even relate to
the plaintiff’s alleged late delivery of minima plywood. Nor has the defendant
adduced any evidence that it has indeed paid the sums that Shimizu invoiced it
for. To round off, I also note that the invoices issued by the defendant to
the plaintiff 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

2BA 426 and 431.

add up to the sum of S$36,192.86, rather than the claimed sum of S$71,300. In
my judgment, the defendant has not proven its counterclaim in respect of the
back charge for S$71,300 and I dismiss it accordingly.

180 Finally, in respect of the defendant’s claim for S$10,000 for having to
change the plywood on site, I similarly find that the defendant has not
adduced evidence to prove its claim. In cross-examination, Mr Choo likewise
conceded that there is no evidence on record that supports or corroborates
this claim in any way. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NEs 12 May 2021, p 47 lines 29–31.

I therefore dismiss the defendant’s counterclaim for S$10,000 in respect of
the Nassim Hill project.

Conclusion

181 To summarise, for the reasons given above, I allow the plaintiff’s claims
against the defendant in part, as detailed below:

Project| Claim| Amount allowed  
---|---|---  
One Canberra| Hiring fees| S$2,391.26  
Purchase fees| Claim dismissed  
Shortage fees| Claim dismissed  
Damage fees| Claim dismissed  
Forestville| Hiring fees| S$91,270.20  
Purchase fees| Claim dismissed  
Shortage fees| Claim dismissed  
Damage fees| S$103,032.24  
Sea Horizon| Hiring fees| S$13,651.81  
Shortage fees| Claim dismissed  
Damage fees| S$119,719.29  
Twin Fountains| Hiring fees| Claim dismissed  
Purchase fees| S$857.64  
Damage fees| Claim dismissed  
Nassim Hill| Hiring fees| S$271.99  
Shortage fees| S$198,625.50  
Damage fees| S$40,968.59  
TOTAL ALLOWED:| $570,788.52  
  
182 Further, I dismiss all of the defendant’s counterclaims.

183 Accordingly, I grant the plaintiff final judgment against the defendant
for the sum of $570,788.52, together with interest thereon at the rate of
5.33% per annum from the date of the writ to the date of this judgment.

184 I shall hear the parties separately on the question of costs.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court |   
---|---  
  
Cheong Yon-Wen Jeremy, Roy’yani Binte Abdul Razak and Markus Kng Tian Sheng
(I.R.B. Law LLP) for the plaintiff;

Gong Chin Nam and Mohamed Zikri bin Mohamed Muzammil (Hin Tat Augustine &
Partners) for the defendant.

  
  

Annex 1: Invoices issued for damage fees for the Nassim Hill project on or
after 12 June 2013

S/N| Date of return / invoice| Hire Return Note Number 206

##### Foot Note 206

× F&BP to SOC, Annex 12. | Invoice Number| Amount including GST (S$)  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | 22 March 2013| 47586| Time-barred  
2 | 47587  
3 | 47588  
4 | 47589  
5 | 47590  
6 | 5 April 2013| 60009  
7 | 60011  
8 | 9 April 2013| 60013  
9 | 10 April 2013| 60015  
10 | 60018  
11 | 15 April 2013| 60023  
12 | 60024  
13 | 60025  
14 | 60026  
15 | 60027  
16 | 24 April 2013| 60032  
17 | 60033  
18 | 30 April 2013| 60039  
19 | 60040  
20 | 60041  
21 | 9 May 2013| 60044  
22 | 60045  
23 | 21 May 2013| 60050  
24 | 60051  
25 | 27 May 2013| 60057  
26 | 60058  
27 | 31 May 2013| 60062  
28 | 60053  
29 | 60064  
30 | 28 June 2013| 60086 207

##### Foot Note 207

× 21AB 6119. | INS000359 208

##### Foot Note 208

× 35AB 10280. | 195.20  
INS000360 209

##### Foot Note 209

× 35AB 10281. | 61.79  
31 | 28 June 2013| 60088 210

##### Foot Note 210

× 21AB 6121. | INS000364 211

##### Foot Note 211

× 35AB 10279. | 11.77  
INS000363 212

##### Foot Note 212

× 35AB 10284. | 25.49  
32 | 5 July 2013| 60096 213

##### Foot Note 213

× 21AB 6138. | INS000396 214

##### Foot Note 214

× 35AB 10286. | 12,128.25  
33 | 11 July 2013| 60104 215

##### Foot Note 215

× 21AB 6140. | INS000397 216

##### Foot Note 216

× 35AB 10287. | 11,841.59  
34 | 12 July 2013| 60105 217

##### Foot Note 217

× 21AB 6144–6145. | INS000398 218

##### Foot Note 218

× 35AB 10288. | 24.46  
INS000399 219

##### Foot Note 219

× 35AB 10289. | 92.56  
35 | 12 July 2013| 60106 220

##### Foot Note 220

× 21AB 6148. | INS000653 221

##### Foot Note 221

× 35AB 10307. | 524.63  
36 | 27 August 2013| 60150 222

##### Foot Note 222

× 21AB 6178. | INS000477 223

##### Foot Note 223

× 35AB 10300. | 6,964.27  
37 | 10 September 2013| 60159 224

##### Foot Note 224

× 21AB 6190. | INS000657 225

##### Foot Note 225

× 35AB 10311. | 122.23  
38 | 10 September 2013| 60161| INS000659 226

##### Foot Note 226

× 35AB 10313. | 242.42  
39 | 4 October 2013| 60184 227

##### Foot Note 227

× 21AB 6213. | INS000595 228

##### Foot Note 228

× 35AB 10314. | 2,244.49  
INS000596 229

##### Foot Note 229

× 35AB 10315. | 568.30  
40 | 11 October 2013| 60197 230

##### Foot Note 230

× 21AB 6220. | INS000610 231

##### Foot Note 231

× 35AB 10316. | 3,421.69  
INS000611 232

##### Foot Note 232

× 35AB 10317. | 590.06  
INS000612 233

##### Foot Note 233

× 35AB 10318. | 71.06  
INS000613 234

##### Foot Note 234

× 35AB 10319. | 1,527.65  
41 | 10 December 2013| 60339 235

##### Foot Note 235

× 21AB 6244. | INS000832 236

##### Foot Note 236

× 35AB 10320. | 298.50  
42 | 16 June 2014| 60426 237

##### Foot Note 237

× 5AB 1202. | INS001180 238

##### Foot Note 238

× 35AB 10321. | 12.18  
| TOTAL| 40,968.59  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 May 2022 (09:50 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

