Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 223

Registrar’s Appeal from the State Courts No 132 of 2014

(Summons No 3485 of 2021)

Between

| CSW  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| CSX  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

gROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family law — Maintenance — Variation]

[Family law — Maintenance — Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CSW

  
v

  

CSX

[2022] SGHC 223

General Division of the High Court — Registrar’s Appeal from the State Courts
No 132 of 2014 (Summons No 3485 of 2021)  
Andre Maniam J  
20 October 2021, 9 May, 27 June 2022

16 September 2022

Andre Maniam J:

Introduction

1 If a former wife ceases to rent accommodation because she has bought a place
to stay, does she lose her entitlement to maintenance from her ex-husband?

2 The respondent (husband) applied to reduce to “no maintenance” the
maintenance of $600 a month that he had been ordered to pay the appellant
(wife) since 2014. I dismissed the husband’s variation application. The
husband has now appealed. These are my grounds of decision.

Background

3 The parties were married in February 2006. The application for divorce was
made in May 2012, when they had been married for some 6 years 3 months. The
divorce was granted by an interim judgment in August 2013, made final in
January 2015.

4 There are two children of the marriage, born in November 2006 and June 2008.
They are now around 16 and 14 years old. The parties were granted joint
custody of the children; the husband was given care and control, the wife was
given access. The extent of the wife’s access was increased on appeal in
October 2014.

5 In June 2014, the husband was ordered to pay maintenance of $300 a month to
the wife. That was increased to $600 a month on appeal in October 2014. The
husband paid maintenance as ordered but applied in July 2021 to vary the
maintenance order to “no maintenance … forthwith”. I dismissed that
application in May 2022, a decision which I affirmed in June 2022 after
hearing further arguments.

Grounds of the variation application

6 The sole ground for varying maintenance to “no maintenance”, as stated in
the summons, was that the wife was earning more than she had been when
maintenance was earlier ordered: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/SUM 3485/2021 filed on 23 July 2021.

| The [wife’s] income was S$3,200/- per month at the time of Order of Court
dated 26th November 2014. Her income for 2020 as per her Supplementary
Affidavit filed on 21st July 2021 for the HC/SUM 2238/2021 is S$4,798/- per
month  
---|---  
  
7 In his supporting affidavit dated 27 August 2021, the husband said that
there had been a material change in circumstances in that the wife’s income
had increased substantially since 2014 (when maintenance was ordered). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 27 August 2021, paras 193–194.

Her monthly income had increased from $3,200 then, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

$3,201.68, as stated in the wife’s affidavit dated 28 January 2013 in D
2058/2012.

to $4,798 as of 2020. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

$4,798.33, as stated in the wife’s affidavit dated 21 July 2021, para 81 and p
294 (notice of assessment).

Whether maintenance should be rescinded (or reduced) because the wife’s income
had increased

The original maintenance orders

8 As noted above, the husband was originally ordered to pay the wife
maintenance of $300 a month, which was increased to $600 on appeal. The wife
and husband were also ordered to share the children’s educational expenses and
medical (including hospitalisation) expenses in a 30:70 ratio. It was further
ordered that the parties shall each solely maintain the children while they
are in their respective care.

9 Although the $300 maintenance order (later increased to $600) was expressed
as payment of maintenance by the husband to the wife, the court took account
of what the wife would spend on maintaining the children when they were in her
care, and what the wife would spend on sharing in their educational and
medical expenses. There was no separate monetary order for maintenance of the
children.

10 The link between maintenance to the wife, and her maintenance of the
children, was expressly recognised by the High Court on appeal. In increasing
maintenance from $300 to $600, the judge said: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of Argument dated 31 October 2014; Husband’s affidavit dated 27 August
2021, p 212 at 213.

On maintenance, as W will have to spend more given her increased access with
the children, I will increase the monthly maintenance from $300 to $600.

11 This does not mean that the whole of the $300 increase in maintenance was
for the wife to spend on the children, or indeed that the $600 or any specific
amount of it was for her to spend only on the children. The point is simply
that the $600 in maintenance was ordered having regard to the fact that the
wife would (to some extent) be maintaining the children. On a related note,
the husband’s submissions addressed both variation of maintenance for the
wife, and variation of maintenance for the children. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Husband’s submissions dated 14 October 2021, paras 105–111.

The common thread is that an order for maintenance of a wife or child may be
varied if there has been a change in circumstances: see the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed), section 118 (wife) and section 72 read with section
127 (child).

Principles relating to variation of maintenance orders

12 For a change in circumstances to justify varying a maintenance order for a
former spouse, it must be a material change from the circumstances prevailing
when the order was made: ATS v ATT [2016] SGHC 196 at [10], citing Tan Sue-Ann
Melissa v Lim Siang Bok Dennis [2004] 3 SLR(R) 376 at [26] and AYM v AYL and
another appeal [2014] 4 SLR 559 at [14]. The inquiry is not simply whether
there has been any material change per se since the original maintenance
order; the change must be sufficiently material such that it is no longer fair
to expect the status quo to remain: BZD v BZE [2020] SGCA 1 (“BZD”) at [14].

13 The husband submitted that “there is a material change of circumstances in
that [the wife’s] income has increased substantially [to $4,798 per month]
since the Ancillary matter hearing/appeal in 2014 [when it was $3,200 per
month].” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Husband’s submissions dated 14 October 2021, para 113 (also see para 114).

That was the basis for the extreme argument in the husband’s request for
further arguments: “Her income increment (S$1,598.00) is more than enough to
contra the S$600 per month.” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Husband’s request for further arguments dated 20 May 2022, para 12.

14 However, the wife’s income is only one aspect of the overall financial
position of both parties. The husband implicitly recognised this, in also
addressing in his submissions his income, and the parties’ expenses. That was
a fuller but still incomplete picture of the parties’ overall financial
position. I elaborate below.

The husband’s income

15 The husband’s variation application was based on the wife’s income having
increased since 2014. But the husband’s income had also increased since then:

(a) In his affidavit of 7 December 2012, he had declared his monthly income as
$8,250 gross, $5,195.90 net. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 7 December 2012, para 4 and p 31 (payslip).

(b) His income tax notice of assessment for year of assessment 2021 stated his
employment income for that year as $109,490, ie, $9,124.17 a month (gross). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 27 August 2021, p 222.

I note that his payslip for June 2021 stated his total earnings for that month
as $7,484.67 gross, $6,277.67 net. In the text of his affidavit, he stated
that his monthly income was $6,277.67. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 27 August 2021, paras 173 and 196.

That was selective: it was his net monthly income as stated in his payslip; it
did not give the full picture of his income.

(c) In summary, the husband’s monthly income had risen from $8,250 gross,
$5,195.90 net (in 2014), to $9,124.25 gross, $6,277.67 net (in 2021). That was
an increase of around $1,000 a month both on a gross basis and on a net basis.

16 The husband’s position was thus:

(a) he should no longer have to pay the wife $600 a month in maintenance
because her income had increased by more than $600 a month; and

(b) his income having increased by some $1,000 a month did not mean he should
continue paying her $600 a month in maintenance, or any maintenance.

17 The husband cannot have it both ways: he cannot say that the wife’s
increase in income is relevant to rescinding her maintenance, but his increase
in income is irrelevant to continuing her maintenance. The increase in the
husband’s income is relevant: BZD at [12]–[14].

The husband’s expenses

18 The husband said that he incurred some $4,340.43 in monthly expenses,
excluding payment of maintenance to the wife. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 27 August 2021, para 197.

His net monthly income is $6,277.67, almost $2,000 more than his stated
monthly expenses. The husband did not say that from that surplus, he could not
afford to continue paying the $600 in monthly maintenance to the wife and
maintaining the children when they were in his care.

The wife’s expenses

19 The wife said that she had the following monthly expenses (based on the
component figures in her affidavit dated 21 September 2021): 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 21 July 2021, para 80.

(a) Personal expenses: $2,465.22;

(b) Household expenses: $683.42 being ¼ of $2,733.66 (she divided household
expenses by four: counting herself, the two children, and her sister who stays
with her); and

(c) Children’s expenses (including a ¼ share each of household expenses):
$1,909.42 + $1,459.42.

20 With her monthly income of $4,798, those expenses of some $6,517.47 left
her with a deficit of almost $2,000, of which $600 was defrayed by the monthly
maintenance from the husband.

21 The husband critiqued the wife’s expenses: for some items, he suggested
lower figures; for some items, he suggested that the proper amount should be
zero as they were “business expenses”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 27 August 2021, paras 161, 165, 184 and 185.

But he was not focused on comparing the wife’s expenses today with her
expenses in 2014 on which the maintenance order was based.

22 The distinction which the husband sought to draw between the wife’s
business and personal expenses was not relevant to the issue of varying the
maintenance order. Whether an item of expense was regarded as “business” or
“personal”, it would still have to be met by the wife from the resources
available to her. The husband has not shown, for instance, that the wife had
deducted business expenses in arriving at her net income, and then double-
counted the same expenses as personal expenses that still had to be met from
that net income.

23 The husband’s position was that the wife’s MediSave, income tax, the whole
of her car-related expenses, home-related expenses, and various other expenses
should be regarded as business expenses, and as such, completely excluded from
consideration. This was flawed:

(a) The wife’s MediSave and income tax are not business expenses: they are
items she must pay as an individual contributing to MediSave, and as an
individual taxpayer.

(b) As the wife stayed at her home, as did the children for one night every
weekend, the wife could not treat the whole of her home-related expenses as
business expenses, nor could she thus regard her car-related expenses, or the
other expenses which the husband asserted were business expenses, all of which
had at least some element of personal, non-business use.

(c) The husband applied double standards: he sought to exclude the wife’s car-
related expenses, but he included his own; in similar vein, he sought to
exclude the wife’s expenses on food and beverage (away from home), handphone,
holiday travel, utilities, internet broadband, replacement of household
appliances, home repairs, town council fees, and home protection scheme cover.
By seeking to exclude all of these as the wife’s “business expenses”, the
husband contended that the wife’s expenses were only $297.40 + $112.50 +
$637.50 + $647.35 (totalling $1,694.75); moreover, that excluded various items
of the children’s expenses that he asked to be dealt with on a cost-sharing
basis.

24 By incorrectly excluding various expense items, the husband asserted that
the wife’s expenses had not increased since 2014. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Husband’s request for further arguments dated 20 May 2022, para 8.

When maintenance was ordered in 2014, the wife had stated that her expenses
were $4,768.86 . 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ancillary Matters Fact and Position Sheet dated 5 November 2013, p 20.

I disagree with the way in which the husband has tried to whittle down the
wife’s expenses; I accept that the wife’s expenses have increased since 2014.

25 One new item of the wife’s expenses (which the husband disputed) was a
$1,240 housing loan instalment. When maintenance was ordered in 2014, the wife
had yet to purchase her current home; she was renting accommodation at a cost
of $1,350 per month. I address this separately from [30] below.

The parties’ overall financial position

26 The husband addressed the parties’ income and expenses, but he did not go
beyond that to address the parties’ overall financial position today and how
that compared to what it was in 2014.

27 He said that the wife had financially supported her younger sister to an
Australian university education around 2001 to 2004. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 27 August 2021, paras 191 and 200; Husband’s
submissions dated 14 October 2021, paras 120 and 127.

This however predated the maintenance ordered in 2014 by a decade: it would
not be a material change in circumstances since 2014. He also said he believed
that the wife’s income documents are substantially under-reported her actual
income, but this allegation was not substantiated.

28 In submissions, the husband acknowledged that variation of the maintenance
order was being sought only on the ground of material change in circumstances,
not misrepresentation or mistake. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Husband’s submissions dated 14 October 2021, para 107.

He cannot use his variation application as a back-door appeal against the
maintenance ordered in 2014, by disputing the circumstances prevailing in
2014: ATS v ATT at [11]. Moreover, there was already an appeal against the
first instance order, which resulted in maintenance being increased from $300
to $600 a month; the husband did not seek to pursue a further appeal against
that.

29 The husband did not seek to have the maintenance order varied on account of
a material change in the parties’ overall financial positions; rather, his
focus was on the increase in wife’s income. Thus, the husband did not provide
information as to his own overall financial position, encompassing not only
his income and expenses, but also his assets (including his CPF balance). He
turned 55 in March 2022 but did not say what his CPF balance was or how much
of it he could withdraw. He concluded his supporting affidavit by saying “I
wish to have a clean break from her on this issue [of maintenance] to avoid
any future litigation. I also need to save for my old age.” 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 27 August 2021, para 201.

But he did not say how much he had already saved.

Accommodation expenses

30 The husband argued that as the wife was no longer paying rental (because
she had purchased her home), he should no longer be required to pay her
maintenance. The husband’s argument was that maintenance could be used towards
rental of accommodation, but maintenance could not be used towards the
purchase of accommodation (whether directly towards the purchase price, or
towards mortgage loan payments).

31 That argument was rejected by Debbie Ong J in UEB v UEC [2018] SGHCF 5 at
[5]–[10]. Ong J upheld the first instance decision which factored the wife’s
monthly housing instalments into the reasonable expenses for determining
maintenance. I respectfully agree with Ong J’s reasoning, which I would
summarise as follows:

(a) the law on maintenance does not contain any absolute prohibition against
the use of maintenance funds to acquire assets (at [6]);

(b) if lump sum maintenance were ordered for a wife which included her need
for shelter, food, clothing and other reasonable needs, the wife could use the
lump sum maintenance to purchase a flat; the court focuses on what is
reasonable and fair (at [6]);

(c) both money that goes towards rent and money that goes towards a mortgage
loan ensure that a wife and child have a roof over their heads; it would not
be appropriate for maintenance purposes to make distinctions merely by the way
in which property is being held, such as whether a wife lives as a tenant, or
owns a property subject to a mortgage: both are accommodation expenses which
can be taken into consideration for maintenance purposes (at [7]);

(d) if, however, a wife has purchased a property (rather than renting one),
the court may consider the fact that the wife owns the property and thus has
some financial resources in the form of an asset (at [7]);

(e) it is not inappropriate for the court to consider a wife’s mortgage loan
payments, for this reflects her overall financial burdens (at [9]); and

(f) if the monthly mortgage instalment were higher than the monthly market
rental for a particular property, a reasonable sum (which may be lower than
the actual mortgage instalment) may be considered as the reasonable
accommodation expenses (at [9]).

32 It would be illogical if monthly maintenance can be used for rental, but
not towards the purchase of accommodation, when there is no such restriction
on the use of lump sum maintenance. There is nothing preventing the court from
regarding mortgage payments as accommodation expenses for the purpose of
determining maintenance. Indeed, for the court to do so would be consonant
with the principles regarding maintenance.

33 In assessing maintenance to be paid by a man to his wife or former wife,
the court must have regard to all the circumstances of the case, including the
financial needs, obligations, and responsibilities which each of the parties
to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future: section
114 of the Women’s Charter. That would include a wife’s need to pay for
accommodation, whether that payment is in the form of rental or mortgage
payment.

34 The rationale behind the law imposing a duty on a man to maintain his
former wife is to even out any financial inequalities between the spouses,
taking into account any economic prejudice suffered by the wife during
marriage: Tan Sue-Ann Melissa v Lim Siang Bok Dennis [2004] 3 SLR(R) 376 at
[27]. The overarching principle is that of financial preservation: to maintain
the wife at a standard that is, to a reasonable extent, commensurate with the
standard of living she had enjoyed during the marriage: ATE v ATD and another
appeal [2016] SGCA 2 (“ATE”) at [31], citing Foo Ah Yan v Chiam Heng Chow
[2012] 2 SLR 506 at [22] and [26].

35 If a former wife has ceased to pay rental but instead is making mortgage
payments, and there has been no material improvement in her overall financial
position merely by her becoming a homeowner, it would run counter to the above
objectives to exclude her mortgage payments in reckoning her reasonable
expenses: that would place her in a worse position than she had been whilst
paying rent.

36 Further, former wives are encouraged to strive towards self-sufficiency. An
order for maintenance is not intended to create life-long dependency of the
former wife on the former husband (ATE at [31]); it was observed in Quek Lee
Tiam v Ho Kim Swee (alias Ho Kian Guan) [1995] SGHC 23 at [22] that the ex-
wife in that case:

is free to live her own life and her time is at her disposal. She has to exert
herself, secure a gainful employment, and earn as much as reasonably possible.
She should, if able, contribute to preserve her pre-breakdown lifestyle and
standard of living and her reasonable contribution will reduce pro tanto the
obligations of the husband.

37 It would be consistent with the policy of the law to encourage former wives
to transition from renting accommodation to owning their own home. When the
mortgage loan has been fully paid up, that component of accommodation expenses
will fall away. Over time, the former wife’s equity in her home would
increase, and consequently her financial position will improve; there is also
the prospect of capital appreciation improving her financial position further.
At some point, the improvement in the wife’s financial position may justify
the court revisiting its earlier order for maintenance.

38 In the present case, however, the husband did not point to any improvement
in the wife’s financial position because of her purchasing her own
accommodation. Instead, he was fixated on her income having increased.

39 The wife used to pay $1,350 a month in rental (which the court considered
when it ordered maintenance in 2014). She now pays a slightly lesser sum of
$1,240 a month in mortgage payments. The fact that she is paying less per
month for her accommodation expenses is to be lauded. The husband did not
contend that the difference of $110 a month is a material change justifying
rescinding his maintenance towards her; instead, he sought to exclude the
$1,240 altogether as a business expense with an element of capital repayment.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Husband’s submissions dated 14 October 2021, paras 115 and 118–119.

I rejected this.

40 The husband cited BZD – albeit only at the stage of further arguments –
contending that the Court of Appeal had “upheld the [High Court’s] removal of
the rental component [of the former wife’s maintenance]”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Husband’s request for further arguments dated 20 May 2022, para 5.

That is a clear misreading of the case.

41 In BZD, the original maintenance order required the husband to pay the wife
(among other things):

(a) a sum of $6,400 per month comprising $3,500 for her personal expenses,
$2,500 for rent, and $400 for maid expenses; and

(b) a sum of $600 per month being maintenance contribution for the children
for the period they were with her (at [3]).

42 The wife subsequently purchased two properties. She stayed in one of them
and rented out the other (at [4], [16]).

43 At first instance, the judge allowed in part the husband’s application for
the maintenance order to be varied. The judge noted that the wife was no
longer paying for rental and a maid, and ordered the rental component of
$2,500 per month and the maid component of $400 per month to cease with effect
from 1 August 2019. The judge further ordered that the husband’s payment of
$3,500 per month for the wife’s personal expenses, and $600 per month as
maintenance contribution in relation to the children, would continue up to 1
February 2020 only (at [6]).

44 The wife did not appeal against the decision as regards rental and maid
expenses (at [8]). It is plainly incorrect to say that the Court of Appeal had
upheld the High Court’s removal of the rental component when that was not
appealed against.

45 The wife did appeal against the variation of the maintenance order in
relation to her personal expenses and the maintenance contribution for the
children (at [8]). The Court of Appeal allowed her appeal (at [23]). In so
doing, the Court of Appeal found that there was no material change such as to
justify the removal of those payments (at [11]–[20]).

46 The Court of Appeal noted that in 2010, the wife had received $935,742 as
her share of the division of assets; she had subsequently purchased two
properties, but they were heavily mortgaged and the sum of their net values,
should they be liquidated, did not constitute a significant increase from the
share of assets she had received (at [16]–[17]). The net values of the
properties totalled some $1,162,739.24 (without factoring in transaction costs
should they be liquidated), which was some $226,997.24 more than the $935,742
she had received. While this was an increase of some 24%, it would have
materialised only after nearly ten years.

47 Far from upholding the first instance decision removing the rental and maid
components of maintenance, the Court of Appeal’s conclusion – that there was
no material change in circumstances such as to justify the removal of the
other two components of maintenance – casts doubt on the first instance
decision removing the rental and maid components. But since there was no
appeal against those aspects, the Court of Appeal simply did not deal with
them.

48 In the present case, there was no evidence from which I could conclude that
the wife’s overall financial position has improved since the maintenance order
was made in 2014.

49 In so far as the first instance decision in BZD was based on excluding
mortgage payments from reckoning as accommodation expenses, for the reasons
given above I would decline to follow it.

Whether maintenance should be rescinded altogether

50 In any event, even if I were persuaded that there had been a material
change in circumstances justifying a reduction in the husband’s maintenance
obligations, I would not have rescinded maintenance altogether. This would
entail depriving the wife of even nominal maintenance.

51 Where there is an order for at least nominal maintenance, the wife’s right
to apply for substantive maintenance is preserved should the need arise in the
future (ATE at [27]). The husband argued that there “should not even be
nominal maintenance” for the wife, for the sole reason that the court will not
order nominal maintenance automatically or as a matter of course (ATE at
[27]–[28]). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 14 October 2021 at [132]–[133].

52 The husband is right that the court will not order nominal maintenance
automatically or as a matter of course, but that does not mean that the
maintenance order in this case should be rescinded. At first instance, the
court was satisfied that substantive maintenance was appropriate, in the sum
of $300 per month. That was increased on appeal by the High Court to $600 per
month. If, as the husband contended, a reduction in maintenance were justified
given the increase in the wife’s income (or, more broadly, a material change
in circumstances), it does not follow that maintenance should be rescinded.

53 Importantly, the material change in circumstances alleged in this case
related to the wife’s income. The wife ran her own business and her income was
more susceptible to variation than if she had stable employment. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 21 September 2021, para 105.

If her income were to fall, possibly even to what it was in 2014, it would be
wrong to deny her substantive maintenance when the courts had considered
substantive maintenance justified in 2014. Moreover, the order for payment of
maintenance to her was tied in with her maintenance of the children when they
were in her care. These expenses continue to be incurred. It was not
appropriate to rescind maintenance altogether.

Whether periodic maintenance should be converted to lump sum maintenance

54 After I gave my decision in May 2022, both parties requested further
arguments. Those requests gave rise to the issue of whether the periodic
maintenance of $600 per month should be converted to lump sum maintenance.

55 The wife requested further arguments on (among other things) whether the
costs that I had ordered her to pay could be paid by deductions against the
monthly maintenance payments. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Wife’s request for further arguments dated 19 May 2022, para 8.

The husband responded to say that those costs should not be offset against
monthly maintenance payments, but he was amenable to the monthly maintenance
payments being converted to a lump sum payment, and to that being set off
against costs. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Husband’s request for further arguments dated 20 May 2022, para 15.

56 I agreed to hear further arguments from the parties, limited to whether the
costs payable by the wife should be set off against monthly maintenance, and
whether the monthly maintenance should be converted to lump sum maintenance
(and if so, in what sum) and that set off against those costs. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Correspondence from courts dated 26 May 2022.

57 At the hearing of further arguments, the parties’ positions were far apart.

58 The husband’s position was as follows. At first instance in 2014, the wife
had sought as an alternative to monthly maintenance of $1,000 a lump sum of
$84,000 (equivalent to seven years’ worth of monthly payments of $1,000). The
court ordered periodic maintenance of $300 per month at first instance (which
was increased to $600 per month on appeal). The husband submitted that the
wife’s alternative submission of $84,000 a month should be used as the basis
to convert periodic maintenance to lump sum maintenance: deducting from
$84,000 the cumulative sum of $56,100 he had paid since 2014, the balance of
$27,900 would be the appropriate lump sum to replace monthly payments
henceforth. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Husband’s request for further arguments dated 20 May 2022, para 7.

59 The wife’s position was that although she had put forward $84,000 as an
alternative position, if lump sum maintenance were now to be ordered, she
should get $142,260 as a lump sum (on top of the $56,100 she had received
since 2014). The wife arrived at this sum using a multiplier of 27.55, based
on the average of (i) the average life expectancy of a woman in Singapore
(86.1 years) and (ii) the usual retirement age of a Singapore worker (63
years), less the wife’s present age of 47 years. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Wife’s written submissions dated 27 June 2022 for the hearing of further
arguments, para 11(c).

60 In Ong Chen Leng v Tan Sau Poo [1993] 2 SLR(R) 545 (“Ong Chen Leng”) at
[35], the court had used the formula which the wife here relied on, but in
that case the parties were married for 23 years (here they were married for
only some 6 years). Moreover, applying the formula there resulted in
maintenance equivalent to a further 17 years on a straightline basis, whereas
here it would be 27.55 years (on top of the husband having already paid
maintenance for 8 years since 2014). The same formula was used in Wan Lai
Cheng v Quek Seow Kee and another appeal and another matter [2012] 4 SLR 405
at [89]–[91], but that too involved a long marriage (36 years), and applying
the formula resulted only in a multiplier of 9 years.

61 The Ong Chen Leng formula should not indiscriminately be applied to
marriages of any length whatsoever or parties of any financial circumstance
whatsoever. The court did not set out a general approach for all future cases;
it simply said that “[i]n the circumstances of this case [the approach] seems
proper and we make no comment on it.” In VLO v VLP and another appeal [2021]
SGHCF 34, the marriage broke down in less than three years (at [1]); an award
of maintenance of $700 per month, for a period of only 24 months, was upheld
by the High Court (at [5]). Moreover, in appropriate cases the court will only
order nominal maintenance, or even no maintenance at all: see ATE (at
[35]–[38]). In ATE itself, the Court of Appeal rescinded the order of nominal
maintenance that was granted at first instance.

62 Given that the parties here had been involved in recent litigation for over
a year (after a break of some seven years since maintenance was ordered in
2014), helping them achieve a clean break appeared attractive. In Lee Puey Hwa
v Tay Cheow Seng [1991] 2 SLR(R) 196, the Court of Appeal noted at [9] that
“[i]n so far as maintenance of a spouse is concerned, the court’s power to
order a lump sum payment, as an alternative to periodical payments, makes it
possible for a husband, who has the means to make a lump sum payment, to
achieve a clean break, and is clearly a method which should be taken advantage
of whenever this is feasible.”

63 The court however recognised in the same paragraph that a lump sum payment
should not be ordered “if the husband does not have adequate cash or other
capital assets which can be readily disposed of, or if the lump sum payment or
the disposal of assets will effectively cripple his earning power”. I had no
information from which I could decide whether a lump sum payment in the sum
suggested by the wife could sensibly be met by the husband.

64 I was moreover not persuaded that, in the present case, a multiplier of
27.55 as suggested by the wife was appropriate. Neither was I persuaded that
the husband’s figure of $27,900 (representing a multiplier of 3.875) was
appropriate. On a straightline basis, that would represent maintenance till
the wife was just 51, and the children, 20 and 18.

65 The issue of converting periodic maintenance to a lump sum was not raised
in the husband’s variation application; it arose in the context of the wife
wanting to set off the cost orders I made against maintenance. The husband did
not contend that periodic maintenance should be varied to a lump sum because
of some material change in circumstances. Given the parties’ positions,
converting periodic maintenance to a lump sum might not facilitate a clean
break either; instead, it might be a further point of contention. In the
circumstances, I simply affirmed the decisions I had made earlier.

Conclusion

66 There was no material change in circumstances since maintenance was ordered
in 2014 sufficient to justify a variation of the maintenance order. The
husband had not shown that it was no longer fair to expect the status quo to
remain. In particular, the increase in the wife’s income since 2014, viewed in
the context of the parties’ financial positions as a whole, was not sufficient
to justify rescinding (or reducing) the maintenance of $600 a month. The
$1,240 a month that she was paying in mortgage instalments (in place of $1,350
a month in rental) was an accommodation expense to be considered in evaluating
maintenance. I thus dismissed the husband’s application to vary maintenance. I
ordered the wife to pay the husband costs of $12,000 plus disbursements of
$2,500. These were global figures for both the present variation application
(Summons No 3485 of 2021) as well as the wife’s application in Summons No 2238
of 2021.

Andre Maniam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ong Mary and Jasmin Yek (DCMO Law Practice LLC) for the appellant;

Low Woon Ming (WM Low & Partners) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Sep 2022 (11:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

