Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 101

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9184 of 2021

Between

Abdul Aziz bin Mohamed Hanib  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9185 of 2021

Between

Yeo Siew Liang James  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9186 of 2021

Between

Chow Tuck Keong Benjamin  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Prevention of Corruption Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Statements — Whether confessions of
accused persons can be used against each other — Section 258(5) Criminal
Procedure Code]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Statements — Admissibility]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Abdul Aziz bin Mohamed Hanib

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor and other appeals

[2022] SGHC 101

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 9184, 9185 and
9186 of 2021  
Vincent Hoong J  
9 March 2022

6 May 2022 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 These appeals raise, among other issues, a novel question of whether an
accused person’s confession can be taken into consideration by the court as
against his other co-accused persons in a joint trial where mirror charges are
framed pursuant to s 258(5) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed) (the “CPC”), prior to its amendment by the Criminal Justice Reform Act
2018 (Act 19 of 2018) (the “CJRA”).

2 The appellants in these three related appeals were convicted after a joint
trial in the court below for their respective roles in an arrangement to
provide gratification in the form of bribe moneys to the then Indonesian
Embassy Labour Attaché, one Agus Ramdhany Machjumi (“Agus”). The District
Judge’s (the “DJ’s”) grounds of decision can be found in PP v Chow Tuck Keong
Benjamin and others [2021] SGDC 232 (the “GD”).

3 In the present appeals, the first appellant, Abdul Aziz bin Mohamed Hanib
(“Aziz”) and the third appellant, Chow Tuck Keong Benjamin (“Benjamin”)
challenge both their conviction and sentence. The second appellant, Yeo Siew
Liang James (“James”) appeals against his conviction alone.

Background facts

4 The background to this alleged corrupt arrangement arose out of the
imposition of a $6,000 performance bond (“PB”) requirement by the Indonesian
Embassy in Singapore (the “Embassy”), which was imposed on employers of
Indonesian foreign domestic workers (“FDWs”) in February 2018. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit P11, Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) p 2433.

5 For clarity, it is necessary to elaborate on the mechanics of the PB. The PB
was meant to operate as a guarantee for the performance of every clause in the
Embassy’s standard employment contract for the FDWs. Essentially, employers
hiring Indonesian FDWs would have to make a one-off $70 purchase of a
performance guarantee (the “Guarantee”) from insurance providers accredited by
the Embassy. If an employer is found by the Embassy to be in breach of the
terms of the employment contract issued by them, the respective insurers would
have to make payment to the Embassy of a sum of up to $6,000. The amount paid
to the Embassy by the insurers is fully claimable by the insurers from the
employer in breach. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Exhibit P12, ROP pp 2435–2437.

The Prosecution’s case

6 It is notable that the bedrock of the Prosecution’s case rests on the
confessions contained in the investigative statements recorded from the
appellants. The admissibility and reliability of some of these statements were
challenged by Aziz and James in the trial below and continue to be a live
issue in the present appeals. I will return to address the appellants’
arguments on this point below.

7 Nonetheless, I find that it is helpful to first set out the Prosecution’s
case at trial concerning the roles of the appellants and how they interacted
with each other in the alleged corrupt scheme.

8 At the material time, Agus, in his capacity as the Embassy’s Labour Attaché,
oversaw the accreditation of insurers in respect of the PB. Aziz, who was
assisting Agus with various work at the Embassy, was tasked by Agus to find
insurance agents or companies which were agreeable to give bribes in return
for receiving the accreditation to sell the Guarantees. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [3], ROP p 3362.

9 Aziz did not personally know of any insurance agents, and so he turned to
his friend Samad Salim (“Samad”) for assistance. As Samad too did not know of
any insurance agents, he reached out to Benjamin. Benjamin then introduced
James to Aziz. At the time, James was an insurance agent representing two
principals, namely, AIG Asia Pacific Insurance Pte Ltd (“AIG”) and Liberty
Insurance Pte Ltd (“Liberty”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PCS at [4], ROP pp 3362–3363.

10 James agreed to share the commission he would receive for every Guarantee
sold with Agus, Aziz, Samad and Benjamin, in exchange for the accreditation of
his principals. These were duly paid out after the accreditation of AIG and
Liberty. AIG and Liberty provided James with an after-tax commission of 35%
for each Guarantee. This was split between the parties in the following
manner: James (6%), Aziz (6%), Samad (1.5%), Benjamin (1.5%) and Agus (20%). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PCS at [5], ROP p 3363.

11 Aziz had also solicited the same arrangement from Tokio Marine Insurance
Singapore Ltd (“Tokio Marine”) when their representatives approached him to be
accredited. However, nothing came of this. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PCS at [7], ROP p 3364.

12 On these facts, Benjamin was charged with a single charge under s 5(a)(i)
read with s 29(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed)
(the “PCA”) for introducing James to Aziz and in so doing, abetting by
intentionally aiding Aziz to corruptly solicit bribes from James for Agus.
James was charged with 18 charges under s 5(b)(i) of the PCA for corruptly
giving bribes to Aziz and Agus (through Aziz). Aziz was similarly charged with
18 mirror charges under s 5(a)(i) of the PCA for corruptly accepting bribes
for Agus and himself. Aziz additionally faced one further charge under s
5(a)(i) for soliciting the same bribery arrangement from a representative of
Tokio Marine.

The ancillary hearings

13 As part of the Prosecution’s case, the following statements by the
appellants were sought to be admitted into evidence:

(a) Five statements from Aziz; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Exhibits P20–P24, ROP pp 2531–2586.

(b) Seven statements from James; 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Exhibits P14, P27–P32, ROP pp 2503–2504 and 2657–2715.

and

(c) Three statements from Benjamin. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Exhibits P3–P5, ROP pp 2354–2380.

14 For ease of reference, I reproduce the salient details of each statement
below:

Aziz  
---  
Statement No| Date and Time| Recorded by  
1st statement| 30 June 2018, at about 2.20am| Chief Special Investigator Chris
Lim Eng Cheung (“CSI Chris”)  
2nd statement| 30 June 2018, at about 3.15pm| Chief Special Investigator
Johnston Kan (“CSI Johnston”)  
3rd statement| 3 July 2018, at about 12.50pm| CSI Chris  
4th statement| 19 July 2018, at about 11.10am| CSI Chris  
5th statement| 24 July 2018, at about 2.40pm| CSI Johnston  
James  
1st statement| 30 June 2018, at about 12.45am| Senior Special Investigator Mak
Jia Yuan (“SSI Mak”)  
2nd statement| 30 June 2018, at about 2.50pm| Principal Special Investigator
Lam Wai Chong (“PSI Lam”)  
3rd statement| 30 June 2018, at about 6.00pm| PSI Lam  
4th statement| 2 July 2018, at about 7.45pm| SSI Mak  
5th statement| 5 July 2018, at about 10.20am| PSI Lam  
6th statement| 19 July 2018, at about 10.30am| SSI Mak  
7th statement| 2 November 2018, at about 3.45pm| CSI Chris  
Benjamin  
1st statement| 30 June 2018, at about 3.00pm| Senior Special Investigator Lim
Shu Hui (“SSI Lim”)  
2nd statement| 19 July 2018, at about 10.30am| SSI Lim  
3rd statement| 19 July 2018, at about 2.45pm | SSI Lim  
  
15 Aziz challenged the admissibility of the first four of his statements
recorded by the officers from the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (the
“CPIB”), on the basis of oppression coupled with a threat by CSI Chris. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [42], ROP p 2155; Exhibits P20–P23, ROP pp 2531–2577.

He did not contest the admissibility of his 5th statement.

16 James challenged the admissibility of portions of all his statements, save
for his first and last statements, recorded by the officers from the CPIB, on
the basis of an inducement given to him by CSI Chris prior to the recording of
his 2nd statement. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [20], ROP p 2142; Exhibits P28–P32, ROP pp 2667–2715.

17 Two ancillary hearings were convened by the DJ to consider the
admissibility of these contested statements. Being satisfied that all the
statements were made by Aziz and James voluntarily, the DJ allowed the
Prosecution’s application to admit them into evidence. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at [33] and [70], ROP pp 2150 and 2168.

I will consider the DJ’s findings below.

18 For completeness, I note that Benjamin did not contest the admissibility of
any of his three statements and they were accordingly admitted into evidence
by the DJ.

The Defence’s case

19 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, Aziz made a submission of no case
to answer in relation to the charges involving payments from Liberty, as well
as the 19th charge concerning the solicitation of a bribe from Tokio Marine
(the “Tokio Marine charge”).

20 Having considered the evidence, the DJ was of the view that a prima facie
case had been made out against all three of the appellants on all the charges
they were faced with. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

GD at [105], ROP p 2185.

She therefore called on the appellants to enter their defence.

21 All the appellants elected to remain silent, and they did not call any
witnesses or seek to tender any evidence in their defence. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at [112], ROP p 2187.

22 Although no formal defence was advanced by the appellants in the course of
the main trial, James gave evidence during his ancillary hearing which
appeared to outline a defence based on a claim that the moneys paid by him to
Agus were for the purpose of furthering corporate social responsibility
(“CSR”) objectives, and not for a corrupt purpose. In essence, he claimed that
AIG and Liberty made CSR contributions through a portion of his commission,
which was meant to go towards organising events for the welfare of Indonesian
FDWs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at [148], ROP p 2202.

Decision below

23 At the conclusion of the joint trial, the DJ convicted the three appellants
on all the charges brought against them.

24 The DJ held that full weight should be ascribed to the statements made by
the appellants. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

GD at [115], ROP p 2188.

She also considered that the appellants’ confessions could be used against
each other pursuant to s 258(5) of the CPC. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

GD at [127]–[130], ROP pp 2192–2193.

Moreover, the DJ observed that in any event, each of the appellants’
respective statements were enough to ground their individual convictions on
all the charges. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

GD at [131] and [134], ROP pp 2193–2195.

25 As the appellants had chosen to remain silent when their defence was
called, the DJ found it appropriate to draw an adverse inference against them.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD at [135]–[138], ROP pp 2195–2197.

The DJ also considered and rejected James’s alleged CSR defence outlined
during his ancillary hearing. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

GD at [149], ROP pp 2202–2204.

26 The DJ imposed the following sentences on the appellants: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

GD at [7], ROP p 2136.

(a) Aziz: 17 months’ imprisonment and a penalty of $18,299.82, in default one
month’s imprisonment.

(b) James: 15 months’ imprisonment and a fine of $21,363.30, in default one
month’s imprisonment.

(c) Benjamin: One month’s imprisonment and a fine of $4,574.96, in default one
week’s imprisonment.

The appeal

27 All three appellants presently appeal against their convictions.

28 As alluded to above, the gravamen of Aziz’s and James’s submissions is that
their contested statements were made involuntarily and that the DJ had wrongly
admitted them into evidence. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Aziz’s Skeletal Submissions (“ASS”) at [25]–[58]; James’s Skeletal Submissions
(“JSS”) at [6]–[24].

In the alternative, they argue that: (a) the DJ erred in failing to exercise
her discretion to exclude their statements on the basis that their prejudicial
effect outweighed their probative value; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ASS at [59]–[85]; JSS at [33]–[36].

and/or (b) little or no weight should have been accorded to their contested
statements. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ASS at [86]–[87]; JSS at [25]–[32].

Additionally, both of them contend that the DJ had erred in law in finding
that the appellants’ statements could be used against one another pursuant to
s 258(5) of the CPC. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ASS at [88]–[96]; JSS at [37]–[40].

29 Aziz and James also argue that the Prosecution has failed to prove the
corrupt element particularised in their respective charges. This was because
of the Prosecution’s failure to call Agus as a witness and its consequent
inability to prove that Agus had the power to influence the accreditation
process, or that he did materially influence the said process. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ASS at [97]–[141]; JSS at [41]–[72].

30 Benjamin does not contest the admissibility of his statements. Instead, he
argues that the elements of his sole charge under s 5(a)(i) read with s 29(a)
of the PCA are not made out. In this regard, he submits that: (a) his role in
the entire scheme, ie¸ introducing James to Aziz, did not amount to
facilitation; and (b) he had no knowledge of the circumstances of the offence.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Benjamin’s Skeletal Submissions (“BSS”) at [9].

31 Aziz and Benjamin are also appealing against the sentences imposed for
their charges.

Issues to be determined

32 Based on the foregoing, the issues for my determination are:

(a) Whether Aziz’s contested statements are admissible and reliable;

(b) Whether James’s contested statements are admissible and reliable;

(c) Whether the appellants’ confessions can be used against each other
pursuant to s 258(5) of the CPC;

(d) Whether the elements of the charges against the appellants are made out;

(e) Whether it is a requirement under s 5 of the PCA for the Prosecution to
prove that Agus could have or did actually influence the accreditation
process; and

(f) Whether the sentences imposed on Aziz and Benjamin are manifestly
excessive.

My decision

Admissibility of Aziz’s and James’s contested statements

33 It is clear to me and it is undisputed by the parties that the main plank
of the Prosecution’s case rests on the confessions of the appellants in their
investigative statements recorded by officers from the CPIB. In the court
below and in these appeals, Aziz and James both dispute the voluntariness of
some of their statements. It is thus appropriate to first assess the
admissibility of these contested statements.

The law on admissibility

34 In Sulaiman bin Jumari v PP [2021] 1 SLR 557 (“Sulaiman”) at [54], the
Court of Appeal succinctly summarised the inquiry that the court should
undertake when faced with a dispute as to the admissibility of a statement. I
find this to be instructive and I accordingly reproduce it in full:

54 In summary, where there is a dispute as to the admissibility of a
statement, the following questions should be considered:

(a) First, was the statement given voluntarily based on the requirements set
out in s 258(3) of the CPC?

(i) If the statement was involuntary due to an inducement, threat or promise
within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC, then it shall be excluded and that
is the end of the admissibility inquiry.

(ii) If the statement was voluntary, the enquiry proceeds to the second step.

(b) Second, even if the statement was voluntary, would the prejudicial effect
of the statement outweigh its probative value? This is a discretionary
exercise and the court’s foremost concern is in evaluating the reliability of
the statement in the light of the specific circumstances in which it was
recorded.

35 Thus, where the admissibility of a statement is contested, the court is
concerned at the first step of the inquiry with whether the statement was made
voluntarily. The starting point is that any statement given by an accused
person in the course of investigations is admissible in evidence at his trial
in accordance with s 258(1) of the CPC. However, this is subject to the
requirement of voluntariness enshrined in s 258(3) of the CPC, which reads as
follows:

The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow it to be
used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

36 It is settled law that the test for voluntariness under s 258(3) of the CPC
is partly objective and partly subjective. In Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP
[1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 at [53], the Court of Appeal held that the first stage of
the inquiry corresponding to the objective limb considers whether there was
any inducement, threat or promise having reference to the charge against the
accused. The second stage of the inquiry corresponding to the subjective limb
examines whether the said inducement, threat or promise was such that it would
be reasonable for the accused to think that he would gain some advantage or
avoid any evil of a temporal nature (ie, adverse consequences) in relation to
the proceedings against him by making the statement. This was also recently
affirmed in Sulaiman at [39].

37 Furthermore, Explanation 1 to s 258(3) of the CPC also establishes that
where a statement is procured from an accused person in oppressive
circumstances, it is similarly inadmissible. The explanation reads as follows:

Explanation 1 — If a statement is obtained from an accused by a person in
authority who had acted in such a manner that his acts tend to sap and have in
fact sapped the free will of the maker of the statement, and the court is of
the opinion that such acts gave the accused grounds which would appear to the
accused reasonable for supposing that by making the statement, he would gain
any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceedings against him, such acts will amount to a threat, an inducement or a
promise, as the case may be, which will render the statement inadmissible.

38 In this connection, Woo Bih Li J (“Woo J”) in Tey Tsun Hang v PP [2014] 2
SLR 1189 (“Tey Tsun Hang”) at [90], held that the Court of Appeal’s
observations in Seow Choon Meng v PP [1994] 2 SLR(R) 338 (“Seow Choon Meng”)
at [33] continue to apply to s 258(3) of the CPC. It is useful to reproduce
these observations at length:

… Oppression in this context relates to the methods and manner of
interrogation preparatory to and during the making of statements. It has been
said that oppressive questioning may be described as questioning which by its
nature, duration or other attendant circumstances, including the fact of
custody, excites hopes, such as the hope of release, or fears, or so affects
the mind of the person being interrogated that his will crumbles and he speaks
when otherwise he would have remained silent – questioning in circumstances
which tended to sap and did sap, the free will of the person interrogated: per
Edmund Davis LJ in R v Prager [1972] 1 All ER 1114. At the same time, it has
been said that the court’s approach should not be such so as to form a clog on
the proper exercise by the police of their investigating function, and,
indeed, on the administration of justice itself: per Lord Hailsham in DPP v
Ping Lin [1975] 3 All ER 175 at 183. Robust interrogation is, in our opinion,
an essential and integral aspect of police investigation. However, as was
observed by L P Thean J in Sim Ah Cheoh ([31] supra), if the questioning is
too vigorous or prolonged, it becomes oppressive, with the result that a doubt
arises as to whether the statement or the answers have been caused by any fear
or threat so as to render the statements or answers to the questions
inadmissible. [emphasis added]

39 In Tey Tsun Hang at [113], Woo J thus held that the litmus test for
oppression is whether the investigation was, by its nature, duration, or other
attendant circumstances, such as to affect the accused’s mind and will such
that he speaks when he would otherwise have remained silent.

40 It also bears repeating that where an accused person challenges the
voluntariness of his statement, the burden is on the Prosecution to prove
beyond a reasonable doubt that the statement had in fact been made
voluntarily.

41 Subsequently, if the court is satisfied that the statement has been made
voluntarily, it must then embark on the second step of the inquiry to
determine whether to exercise its residual discretion at common law to
nonetheless exclude the statement where its prejudicial value outweighs its
probative value. At its core, the exclusionary discretion is concerned with
the reliability of the statements as evidence to be admitted (see Sulaiman at
[45], citing Muhammad bin Kadar v PP [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“Kadar”) at [55]). In
Sulaiman at [47], the Court of Appeal explained that the probative value of
any evidence relates to its ability to prove a fact in issue or a relevant
fact. Its prejudicial effect refers to how its admission might be unfair to
the accused person as a matter of process. Some examples for evaluating
prejudicial effect would include whether the accused person was under the
influence of alcohol or drugs, his physical condition at the material time and
his ability to understand the language used. Importantly, the court cautioned
that where a voluntary statement is found to be highly probative, evidence of
significant prejudice to the accused person would be required to justify the
exclusion of the statement (see Sulaiman at [53]).

42 Having set out the fundamental principles concerning admissibility, I now
proceed to consider whether Aziz’s and James’s contested statements were
rightly admitted into evidence by the DJ.

Whether Aziz’s contested statements are admissible

43 Aziz challenges the admissibility of his first four statements. His
arguments largely reiterate his position during his ancillary hearing in the
court below, and I summarise them as follows:

(a) In relation to his 1st and 2nd statements which were recorded from him
whilst he was in custody between 29 June 2018 to 30 June 2018, he relies on
two main grounds, namely, the presence of oppressive circumstances and an
alleged threat directed at him by CSI Chris. As a result, he was stressed and
weak, with no will left, leading him to sign on the statements even though he
did not agree with the contents. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

GD at [57], ROP p 2162.

(b) In relation to his 3rd statement, which was recorded a few days later on 3
July 2018, he argues that the DJ failed to appreciate the continuing and
lasting effects of the oppressive circumstances prevailing at the time his
first two statements were recorded, and the threat communicated by CSI Chris.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ASS at [52].

(c) In relation to his 4th statement, recorded on 19 July 2018, Aziz alleges
that the circumstances in which it was recorded were oppressive, as he had a
medical certificate for a swollen eye at the time. At trial, he argued that
this resulted in him taking a long time to read and understand the statement
that day, and he signed the statement because he was forced to do so. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 25 November 2019, pp 27–28, ROP pp 519–520; ASS at
[26].

44 In this appeal, Aziz also argues that his contested statements should be
excluded pursuant to the court’s exclusionary discretion at common law, on the
basis that their prejudicial effect outweigh their probative value. This is
premised on alleged procedural irregularities in the statement recording
process.

45 I first deal with the arguments concerning voluntariness before proceeding
to consider whether the statements should be excluded based on their
prejudicial effect.

(1) Whether Aziz’s statements were voluntarily made

(A) No prevailing oppressive circumstances at the time Aziz’s first two
statements were recorded

46 Aziz raises three main points to illustrate the oppressiveness of the
circumstances he was labouring under at the time his first two statements were
recorded, namely that: (a) he was deprived of food and sleep; (b) he was
disoriented from not being able to tell day from night; and (c) the CPIB
officers refused to record anything he said unless it was what they wanted to
hear.

47 First, in relation to his claim that he was deprived of food and rest while
in the CPIB’s custody, he alleges that at the time these two statements were
recorded, he had not eaten for approximately 17 hours and 28 hours
respectively, and that he only had three and a half hours of sleep the night
prior to his arrest. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ASS at [28].

48 In my view, Aziz’s allegations are without merit. Aziz disputes the DJ’s
finding that he was served a McChicken burger for dinner at about 8.00pm on 29
June 2018. However, this was recorded in CSI Chris’s investigation diary,
which was consistent with what was recorded in Aziz’s 1st statement (that he
signed). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Exhibit P17, ROP p 2516.

I find that there is no reason to doubt the reliability of these records. In
any event, even if I accept that Aziz was not served the aforementioned
burger, it is undisputed that when he later made a request for food, he was
served cup noodles and biscuits at 1.00am on 30 June 2018. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

GD at [55], ROP p 2162; NE, 25 November 2019, pp 15 ln 20–25 and16 ln 1–3, ROP
pp 507–508.

While Aziz testified that he only consumed the biscuits and not the cup
noodles, I am satisfied that this was wholly an exercise of his personal
autonomy and it did not now lie in his mouth to make baseless allegations that
the CPIB officers had deprived him of food. This is made clear by Aziz’s
candid admission that he made the conscious choice not to consume the cup
noodles as he was “not used to eating that”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 25 November 2019, p 51, ln 7–8, ROP p 543.

Aziz’s ability to make such a choice demonstrates two things: first, that he
was not so hungry to the point where his will was sapped, and second, that
there was no oppressive behaviour on the part of the CPIB officers as they had
acceded to his request for food. Aziz also did not dispute that he was served
a breakfast of Chinese-style noodles after the recording of his 1st statement
and Malay chicken rice for lunch prior to the recording of his 2nd statement.

49 It is also notable that during his time in custody, Aziz had made multiple
requests for toilet breaks, smoke breaks and prayer breaks. These too were
accommodated by the CPIB officers. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 25 November 2019, p 56, ln 6–13, ROP p 548.

The willingness of the CPIB officers to acquiesce to Aziz’s various requests
runs entirely contrary to the narrative of oppression that he seeks to
present.

50 Although I accept that Aziz was short on sleep at the time his first two
statements were recorded, I am nonetheless satisfied that this did not have
any meaningful impact on his ability to provide his statements. In other
words, his lack of sleep did not affect him to the extent where his will was
sapped. It was unchallenged by him that he was given intermittent rest breaks
while in custody. I also note that Aziz had the presence of mind to make not
insignificant amendments to his 2nd statement. I return to elaborate more on
this point later (at [58]).

51 Second, Aziz contends that he was kept in a windowless room with no clock,
with his personal mobile phone and watch taken away from him, which resulted
in him being unable to tell day from night. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ASS at [35].

This point can be disposed of shortly. The situation that Aziz found himself
in was certainly not exceptional. It is trite that some discomfort is to be
expected during investigations (see Yeo See How v PP [1996] 2 SLR(R) 277 at
[40]). In fact, the DJ accepted that it was “natural that Aziz would have been
anxious and stressed, not knowing who might be coming in next and when and
with what further questions or information.” 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

GD at [62], ROP p 2164.

However, it must be observed that these stressors were not unique to Aziz.
Every accused person under investigation is faced with a similar set of
circumstances. It cannot be the case that the high threshold to satisfy an
allegation of oppression is so easily met.

52 Third, Aziz submits that the CPIB refused to record anything he said unless
it was something that they wanted to hear, and this wore him down to the point
where he purportedly confessed. It is, however, important to bear in mind that
robust interrogation is an essential and integral part of police investigation
(see Seow Choon Meng cited above at [38]). That being said, I accept that in
some situations where the questioning by investigators is so vigorous or
prolonged, the threshold of oppression may very well be crossed (see Sim Ah
Cheoh and others v PP [1991] 1 SLR(R) 961 at [41]). Therefore, in every case,
it is a fact-sensitive inquiry as to whether the manner and the duration of
the questioning would amount to oppression. Aziz urges the court to find that
the threshold for a finding of oppression has been crossed in his case.

53 However, based on an examination of the evidence before me, I am unable to
agree with Aziz’s submission. A concise chronology of events which documented
Aziz’s activities while in custody, including his break timings and
interview/statement recording timings, was helpfully set out by the DJ (GD at
[47]). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

GD at [47], ROP pp 2157–2159.

With reference to this chronology, it is demonstrably clear that the manner
and duration of Aziz’s questioning was not oppressive by any measure.

54 Aziz was provided with adequate and sufficiently lengthy breaks in between
the interviews leading up to the recording of his statements. For example,
prior to the recording of his 1st statement, three interviews were conducted
by CSI Chris which lasted approximately 2 hours and 15 minutes, 1 hour and 2
hours and 20 minutes respectively. In between each of these interviews, Aziz
was afforded rest/meal breaks of 30 minutes, 1 hour and 1 hour and 25 minutes.
Crucially, although CSI Chris had intended to commence a fourth interview
after this last break, Aziz was given an additional meal break of 1 hour and
20 minutes because he had requested for food.

55 Further, in my view, it was certainly not necessary for Aziz’s statement
recorders, namely CSI Chris and CSI Johnston, to accept Aziz’s initial account
at face value. Plainly, it is the job of investigators to conduct
investigations, and it is not their job to blindly transcribe verbatim the
words uttered by accused persons unquestioningly. It was thus entirely their
prerogative to challenge Aziz’s account on the basis of evidence obtained
during investigations which pointed to the contrary. This was in fact CSI
Chris’s explanation for his refusal to record Aziz’s initial account, which he
assessed to be incompatible with the CPIB’s preliminary evidence. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE, 6 November 2019, p 7, ln 1–7, ROP p 390.

To this end, CSI Chris testified that during the interview with Aziz, he
informed Aziz that “what he told [CSI Chris] isn’t the truth because [the
CPIB] have [sic] evidence to suggest otherwise.”

56 However, I must caution that this does not give carte blanche to
investigators to engage in all manner of questioning and/or for unreasonable
durations. Once again, whether an allegation of oppression is supported must
be assessed on the facts of each case.

57 Assessed as a whole, CSI Chris’s refusal to accept Aziz’s initial account
over a period of about 5 hours and 35 minutes where Aziz was permitted
multiple rest/meal breaks in between was clearly not oppressive.

58 My view that the threshold for oppression had not been crossed is further
fortified by my observation that Aziz remained alert and had the presence of
mind to make amendments to his 2nd statement, which were not insignificant. To
illustrate this point, I highlight two of these amendments (with deleted words
struck through, and inserted words underlined):

(a) The first amendment reads as follows: “The reason I asked for this advance
was I was having tight cash flow to assist Agus for some operational work in
relation to Agus work to protect maids and counselling.” 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Exhibit P21 at [41], ROP p 2544.

(b) The second amendment was an insertion made by Aziz that reads: “A4) No.
Despite the fact that both me and James asked Agus for official proposal to
justify the commission, Agus failed to do so.” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Exhibit P21 at [54], Q4–A4, ROP p 2549.

59 These amendments were made by Aziz when he was allowed to read his
statement and it is undisputed that they were made in his own handwriting. The
content of these amendments also shed light on Aziz’s state of mind at the
time. They sought to minimise his culpability and portray him in the best
light possible. In particular, the second amendment is exculpatory in nature,
as he sought to shift the blame onto Agus and distance himself from the entire
corrupt scheme.

60 Pertinently, Aziz was subsequently given the opportunity to review his 2nd
statement prior to the recording of his 3rd statement on 3 July 2018. At this
time, he had already been released on bail. During this review of his 2nd
statement, Aziz made a number of clarifications and amendments. I am satisfied
that by this time, the effect of any alleged oppression based on the
circumstances prevailing at the time his 1st and 2nd statements were recorded
would have been removed, and there was thus no reason for him not to make
substantial amendments to his earlier statements should they be inaccurate.
However, he did not do so. Moreover, for the reasons I will elaborate below at
[64], I find that there was no threat hanging over his head at the time of the
recording of his 3rd statement.

61 Therefore, I am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that no oppressive
circumstances were prevailing at the time when Aziz’s first two statements
were recorded such that his mind and will were so affected that he spoke when
he would otherwise have remained silent.

(B) No threat was made by CSI Chris to Aziz

62 Apart from his allegation of oppression, Aziz also claims that CSI Chris
had threatened him prior to the recording of his first two statements. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ASS at [31]–[34].

According to Aziz, CSI Chris had said to him: “Our relationship with Malaysia
is very bad. You trying to create problem for our government with Indonesian
Government.” 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

GD at [53], ROP p 2161; NE, 25 November 2019, p 10, ln 7–9, ROP p 502.

This, argues Aziz, was a threat which must be assessed against the backdrop of
purported calls by the Ministry of Manpower (the “MOM”) to the Embassy
inquiring about his background, as well as an earlier e-mail from the MOM,
which was forwarded to him by Agus via WhatsApp, allegedly “accusing the
Indonesians of interfering with Singapore’s sovereignty”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ASS at [32].

I reproduce here the material portion of the e-mail that Aziz relies on: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Exhibit B3-D1, ROP p 5041.

In addition, we would like to remind the Embassy that a State cannot purport
to exercise or indeed exercise its powers in the territory of another State,
unless it is permitted under international law. In this regard, we trust that
the Indonesian embassy will take care not to implement terms in such a Bond,
which would amount to Indonesia exercising sovereign power in Singapore in a
manner that is contrary to international law. [emphasis added]

63 At this juncture, it is appropriate for me to remind counsel that it is
important to exercise care and responsibility in framing and phrasing their
submissions. This is especially so when sensitive issues are involved, such as
in the present case. It is, in my view, a gross mischaracterisation of the
MOM’s e-mail to allege that they were “accusing the Indonesians” [emphasis
added] of something. On a plain reading of the e-mail, it is evident that it
was merely meant to serve as a general reminder to the Indonesian Embassy to
exercise care when considering what terms to implement in the PB. This in no
way could be interpreted as an accusation by the MOM.

64 In any event, I am unable to see how CSI Chris’s statement could possibly
amount to a threat having reference to any of the charges against Aziz. The
alleged threat was exceedingly vague and did not specify any consequences
should Aziz decline to provide a confession to the CPIB. Importantly, it
simply defies logic for CSI Chris to threaten Aziz by telling him not to
“create problem[s] for our government with [the] Indonesian Government” and
then hope to extract a confession from him which would implicate Agus. This
surely would contradict CSI Chris’s apparent intention on the face of the
alleged threat for Aziz not to create problems with the Indonesian government.

(C) Aziz’s swollen eye was no impediment to the admissibility of his 4th
statement

65 Finally, Aziz argues that at the time his 4th statement was recorded, he
once again found himself labouring under oppressive circumstances. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ASS at [25]–[26].

This time he relies on a two-day medical certificate (“MC”) issued to him
stating that he was unfit for work due to the swelling in one of his eyes. I
am not convinced that is sufficient in and of itself to amount to oppression.

66 The DJ accepted CSI Chris’s evidence that Aziz had confirmed he was still
able to proceed with the statement recording despite being issued an MC. She
also observed that lunch was provided to Aziz, and he was allowed to take his
medication. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

GD at [69], ROP pp 2167–2168.

Accordingly, she found that there were no oppressive conditions to speak of,
and I see no reason to disturb this finding. Notably, Aziz was able to make
substantial amendments to his 4th statement despite his condition. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Exhibit P23, ROP pp 2565–2577.

To me, this indicates that he was clearly well enough to understand the
statement he was making and read what was in front of him. Having taken the
time to make amendments to his statement, it could not be said that his will
was sapped to such an extent that he would sign anything placed before him.

67 While I accept that he may have experienced some discomfort because of his
swollen eye, discomfort alone is insufficient to amount to oppression.

(2) Whether Aziz’s statements should be excluded pursuant to the court’s
residual discretion at common law to exclude prejudicial evidence

68 In the alternative, Aziz submits that the DJ erred in failing to exercise
her discretion to exclude his contested statements on the basis that their
prejudicial effect outweighed their probative value.

69 This common law discretion was discussed in Kadar. In particular, Aziz
relies on the Court of Appeal’s observation at [56] of Kadar, which states
“procedural irregularities may be a cause for a finding that a statement’s
prejudicial effect outweighs its probative value.” To this end, he argues that
the CPIB’s statement recording procedure was highly irregular for the same
reasons proffered above at [52], coupled with the fact that “information from
elsewhere” was allegedly “transplant[ed]” into his statements by the statement
recorders. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ASS at [68].

70 For the reasons set out above (at [55]), I find that there was nothing
irregular about the CPIB’s statement recording procedure. Additionally, unlike
one of the appellants in Kadar, namely, Ismil bin Kadar, Aziz was permitted to
read through all his contested statements and make amendments as he wished. He
also signed on every page.

71 Further, there is simply no basis to assert that the statement recorders
had “transplant[ed]” information into Aziz’s contested statements.
Specifically, Aziz relies on this particular extract from CSI Chris’s cross-
examination to support his assertion: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE, 5 November 2019, p 90, ln 1–8, ROP p 333.

Q: Sorry, you say your colleagues who interviewed James gave an account so
that you can put it into the recording?

A: No, I was saying what I have spoken to Aziz I have briefed my supervisors.
Likewise, my colleague who had spoken to James had also briefed my supervisors
on what James had said and then after counter-checking with each other we
decided to put what they say into recording.

72 On a close examination of that extract, I am of the view that CSI Chris’s
answer was equivocal and does little to assist Aziz. The extract simply shows
that the statement recorders had shared information between themselves on what
Aziz and James had revealed during their respective interviews. CSI Chris did
not go so far as to say that the information exchanged was then transplanted
or amalgamated into each of their statements. For completeness, I note that
neither Aziz’s nor James’s statements were so substantially similar in terms
of either phrasing or substance to support an argument of blatant copying.

73 The DJ thus did not err in her decision not to exercise her discretion to
exclude Aziz’s contested statements on this basis.

(3) Weight to be placed on Aziz’s statements

74 It is undisputed by Aziz that the contents of the contested statements were
provided by him. His bone of contention is that he was oppressed and
threatened into providing these statements, thus rendering them unsafe to rely
on.

75 As I did not find that Aziz had been oppressed to the point where his will
was overborne and no threat emanating from CSI Chris existed, I am of the view
that the contents of the statements as provided by him are in fact true
accounts of what had transpired. As the DJ noted, the statements were
generally consistent and coherent, and were also corroborated partly by some
of the phone messages between the appellants. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

GD at [115], ROP p 2188.

The statements were self-incriminating and accordingly the DJ was correct in
according full weight to them.

Whether James’s contested statements are admissible

76 I now turn to address the admissibility of James’s statements. James
challenges the admissibility of portions of all his statements, save his 1st
and 7th statements. In gist, James’s submission is that CSI Chris had provided
a promise or an inducement to him by informing him that he had “one chance” to
“put things right” and that the CPIB only wanted to “send Agus back”, and
thereafter the “matter [would] just be swept under the carpet and [James
would] get a stern warning”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

GD at [26], ROP p 2145; NE, 21 August 2020, p 35, ln 5–12, ROP p 1061.

This allegedly led him to believe that if he “played along” and allowed the
statement recorders to “put words into his mouth” by replacing references of
payments being made for “CSR/implementation costs” to “Agus”, the CPIB would
use his statements to repatriate Agus to Indonesia and he would be
administered with a stern warning. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

JSS at [11].

(1) Whether James’s statements were voluntarily made

(A) No promise or inducement was made by CSI Chris to James

77 CSI Chris admitted to speaking with James for about 10 to 15 minutes prior
to the recording of his 2nd statement. However, he categorically denied making
any form of promise or inducement to him during their exchange. Instead, he
testified that he had made a spontaneous decision to enter James’s interview
room as he was walking past, to have a word with him about certain
discrepancies in the commission sharing percentages between James’s and Aziz’s
accounts. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

GD at [24], ROP pp 2143–2144.

78 While there was no record of what had transpired during this interaction
between CSI Chris and James, I do not find this to be fatal after considering
all the evidence in the round.

79 In this regard, I am in agreement with the DJ’s views, which I summarise as
follows: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

GD at [31], ROP pp 2147–2149.

(a) First, CSI Chris denied James’s claim of inducement that was put to him,
and which denial there was no reason to doubt.

(b) Second, there was simply no reason for CSI Chris to make such an
inducement. At the time of the alleged inducement (i) CSI Chris had already
recorded a detailed statement from Aziz which incriminated the appellants and
Agus; and (ii) James’s 1st statement (which he did not contest) had already
been recorded, wherein he admitted to sharing his commission with Aziz as he
wanted him (Aziz) to “help to influence the officials at the embassy to use
AIG, or accredit AIG as the insurance company for this performance bond.” 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Exhibit P27 at [9], ROP p 2660.

(c) Third, the contents of James’s 1st statement and his subsequent statements
were not so significantly different as to allow one to think that there might
have been a “game changer” event in between the statements, such as CSI Chris
issuing an inducement or promise.

(d) Fourth, the contents of the contested statements did not read well if one
were to replace all references to “Agus” with “CSR/implementation costs”.

(e) Fifth, and importantly, there was no reference to any promise of a stern
warning in James’s cautioned statements. At the time when James’s cautioned
statements were recorded, he would have been put on notice that he was in fact
being charged for corruption offences. If CSI Chris had indeed made such an
inducement regarding the offer of a “stern warning”, any reasonable person in
James’s shoes would have sought to clarify matters either in the cautioned
statement or seek to speak with CSI Chris. However, neither of this was done.

(f) Sixth, James’s account that PSI Lam had spent a few hours deliberately
ignoring all references to CSR during the recording of his 2nd statement did
not sit well with the existence of his 3rd statement which was also recorded
by PSI Lam and was entirely about CSR.

80 In response to the DJ’s observation set out at [79(d)] above, James argues
that the DJ took too literal an approach in her treatment of this point. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

JSS at [22].

I am not persuaded by this argument. The DJ had explicitly observed in her GD
that the replacement claim failed even if one were to consider a replacement
of the “essence” of the statement as opposed to a literal word-for-word
replacement. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

GD at [31(d)], ROP pp 2148–2149.

I agree with this observation. What James meant by replacing the “essence” of
the statement was amending whole paragraphs or chunks of paragraphs. If such a
replacement had occurred, it would necessarily suggest an allegation that the
statement recorders had fabricated large portions of James’s statements. This
is a serious allegation that was not put to the recorders. Moreover, in my
view, there is nothing to suggest that the statement recorders had engaged in
any such fabrication.

81 It is thus clear to me that James’s allegation that CSI Chris had offered
him an inducement or made him a promise was nothing more than an afterthought.

(2) Whether James’s statements should be excluded pursuant to the court’s
residual discretion at common law to exclude prejudicial evidence

82 In a similar vein as Aziz’s submission, James submits that there were
procedural irregularities during the statement recording process which
warranted the exercise of the court’s common law discretion to exclude the
contested statements on the basis that their prejudicial effect outweighed
their probative value. James’s main argument in this regard is that his
statement recorders, PSI Lam and SSI Mak, had testified at trial to having
paraphrased what James had communicated to them. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

JSS at [26]–[30].

To this end, James argues that their paraphrasing took on two main forms: (a)
the paraphrasing of his choice of words; and (b) the substitution of
references he made to “CSR/implementation costs” to “Agus”. I have addressed
and rejected James’s allegation of the latter form of paraphrasing. I
therefore deal now only with his argument concerning the paraphrasing of his
choice of words.

83 James relies on M Karthigesu JA’s observations in Taw Cheng Kong v PP
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 78 (“Taw Cheng Kong”), to support his argument that his
statements should be excluded on account of paraphrasing done by PSI Lam and
SSI Mak:

108 … The process by which these “confessions” were made left much to be
desired: being recorded not verbatim but in note form, in handwriting, then
transcribed into typewritten form by paraphrasing the handwritten notes, with
the insertion of facts from memory which were not referred to in the
handwritten notes, and the omission altogether of references to other “key
words” contained in the handwritten notes.

109 … [The typewritten transcripts] can, by no stretch of the imagination, be
considered exclusively the appellant’s statements since their contents may
have been supplemented by Betty Khoo from her own personal knowledge, or
suffered from a defect in her powers of recollection …

84 The above passage from Taw Cheng Kong must be understood in its proper
context. In Taw Cheng Kong, the appellant’s statements, which were recorded by
a Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (“GIC”) investigation officer
(the “GIC statements”), were admitted at a voir dire. However, subsequent to
this voir dire, new evidence surfaced indicating that the GIC investigation
officer had made handwritten notes of the interviews and prepared a
typewritten “transcript” of the interviews based on these. The appellant did
not sign any of the handwritten or typewritten notes. It was the typewritten
notes that constituted the GIC statements which were tendered in evidence as
confessions.

85 The factual background to M Karthigesu JA’s observations is thus starkly
different from what has transpired here. It is undisputed that James’s
statements were recorded contemporaneously and that he was given the
opportunity thereafter to read and amend these statements at will. He had also
signed on every page of the statements. The significant procedural
irregularities before the court in Taw Cheng Kong are thus not present in the
instant case.

86 Hence, while it may not have been ideal that PSI Lam and SSI Mak had
paraphrased the choice of words used by James during his statement recording,
I am of the view that this was not a significant procedural irregularity such
as to warrant the exercise of the court’s common law discretion to exclude
these contested statements, given that James had the opportunity to make
corrections to his statements, as noted above. Having found also that there
was no inducement or promise made by CSI Chris to James, there was
consequently no reason for him not to make substantial amendments to his
statements if they had been wrongly worded before appending his signature on
every page.

87 In my view, the effect of any paraphrasing would go towards the
determination of the weight to be placed on the statements. It is to this
which I turn next.

(3) Weight to be placed on James’s statements

88 I accept that caution ought to be exercised in assessing the weight to be
placed on James’s statements because of the paraphrasing involved.
Nonetheless, upon considering the contents of the statements as well as the
circumstances in which they were recorded, I did not find that any
paraphrasing done had much impact on their reliability.

89 First, as I have observed earlier, James was given the opportunity to read
through his statements and make amendments if he so desired. If PSI Lam and
SSI Mak had paraphrased his words in a manner which materially altered the
account he had provided to them during his statement recording, he could have
easily made amendments to correct any discrepancy.

90 Second, I am mindful that the act of paraphrasing James’s choice of words
falls far short of re-writing or fabricating entire portions of James’s
statements. I am satisfied that the contents of James’s statements could only
have come from him and any paraphrasing could only have been cosmetic in
nature. For example, in his 2nd statement, James was referred to photographs
of Laos Airlines airplane sickness bags, which he explained belonged to him
and were used by him to hand over Aziz’s and Agus’s share of his commission
earned from the sale of the Guarantees by AIG and Liberty. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Exhibit P28 at [47], ROP p 2670.

Subsequently, during the recording of his 4th statement, James himself
produced statements of accounts from Liberty and records documenting AIG’s
sales of the Guarantees. He went on to explain at length about how he relied
on these documents to calculate his commissions and how he subsequently
divided these between himself, Agus, Aziz, Benjamin and Samad. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Exhibit P30, ROP pp 2677–2688.

More pertinently, James subsequently affirmed these calculations on the stand
during his ancillary hearing. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

GD at [139], ROP p 2197.

In my view, the level of detail and the comprehensiveness of his explanations
are strong indicators that the information could only have come from James
himself. No amount of paraphrasing could have resulted in what was eventually
recorded.

91 Thus, I find that the DJ rightly admitted James’s statements and accorded
them full weight.

Whether the appellants’ confessions can be used against each other pursuant to
s 258(5) of the CPC

92 As I find that both Aziz’s and James’s statements had been correctly
admitted, I proceed to address the issue concerning the use of their
statements against each other pursuant to s 258(5) of the CPC.

93 In the court below, the Prosecution initially submitted that s 258(5) of
the CPC could apply. However, they subsequently conceded that this was not
possible as the current iteration of the provision did not apply to the
present case. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

GD at [124], ROP p 2191.

Nevertheless, the DJ took the position that she was not strictly prohibited by
law from using the statements recorded from Aziz and James against one another
in the present case in respect of their mirror charges under s 5 of the PCA.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

GD at [127], ROP p 2192.

94 In these appeals, both Aziz and James take the contrary position that the
version of s 258(5) of the CPC which applied at the material time did not
permit the use of their statements in this manner. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ASS at [88]–[96]; JSS at [37]–[40].

The Prosecution however decline to express a view on the matter. Instead, they
take the position that regardless of whether s 258(5) of the CPC applies in
the instant case, the appellants’ own confessions are sufficient to
independently secure each of their convictions. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Respondent’s Skeletal Submissions (“RSS”) at [52].

The applicable law

95 Given that the investigations against the appellants began on 29 June 2018,
in accordance with reg 4(2) of the Criminal Justice Reform (Saving and
Transitional Provisions) (No. 2) Regulations 2018 (GN No S 728/2018), the
applicable version of s 258(5) of the CPC (“pre-amendment s 258(5)”) is as
follows: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Post-amendment s 258(5) of the CPC does not apply to a determination of
whether the court may take into consideration a confession, made during an
investigation of an offence, as against a person (other than the maker of the
confession), if that investigation began before 31 October 2018.

(5) When more persons than one are being tried jointly for the same offence,
and a confession made by one of such persons affecting himself and some other
of such persons is proved, the court may take into consideration the
confession as against the other person as well as against the person who makes
the confession.

Explanation — “Offence” as used in this section includes the abetment of or
attempt to commit the offence.

96 This is notably different from the current iteration of s 258(5) of the
Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“post-amendment s 258(5)”), which
was amended by s 74 of the CJRA. The post-amendment s 258(5) provides as
follows:

(5) When 2 or more persons are tried jointly in any of the following
circumstances, and a confession made by one such person affecting that person
and any other such person is proved, the court may take into consideration the
confession as against the other person as well as against the person who made
the confession:

(a)  all of those persons are tried jointly for the same offence;

(b) the proof of the facts alleged in the charge for the offence for which one
of those persons (A) is tried (excluding any fact relating to any intent or
state of mind on the part of A necessary to constitute the offence for which A
is tried) would, for each of the rest of those persons, result in the proof of
the facts alleged in the charge for the offence for which that person is tried
(excluding any fact relating to any intent or state of mind on the part of
that person necessary to constitute the offence for which that person is
tried);

(c)  at least one of those persons is tried for an offence under section 411,
412, 413 or 414 of the Penal Code 1871 in respect of any property, and the
rest of those persons are tried for one or more of the offences of theft,
extortion, robbery, criminal misappropriation, criminal breach of trust or
cheating under Chapter 17 of the Penal Code 1871 in respect of the same
property.

…

(5B) In subsection (5), “offence” includes an abetment of, a conspiracy to
commit, or an attempt to commit, the offence.

Illustrations

…

(c) A is charged with an offence of corruptly giving a gratification to B
under section 5(b) of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1960. B is charged with
an offence of corruptly receiving the same gratification from A under section
5(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1960. A and B are jointly tried for
those offences. If a confession made by A affecting both A and B is proved,
and the same facts are alleged in the charges against A and B, the court may
take into consideration the confession as against B, even though A and B are
charged with offences that have different elements.

Interpretation of the pre-amendment s 258(5) of the CPC

97 The DJ was of the view that the acts of giving and receiving a bribe
practically fall within the definition of a “same offence”, notwithstanding
that they are prosecuted under differing provisions, namely s 5(b) and s 5(a)
of the PCA respectively. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

GD at [127], ROP p 2192.

She held that the mirror charges faced by Aziz and James related to the exact
same payment transaction with the only difference being that the former was
the recipient and the latter the giver. Therefore, the court must be able to
refer to the statement by James for the purpose of finding that just as James
had given, Aziz had received. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

GD at [128], ROP pp 2192–2193.

98 I respectfully disagree with the DJ’s interpretation of the pre-amendment s
258(5). I appreciate that there is an intuitive attraction to the reasoning
behind the DJ’s interpretation of the phrase “the same offence” in the pre-
amendment s 258(5), and to read it as extending to the present offences which
are for all intents and purposes mirror images of each other. However, to
interpret the phrase in this manner is, in my view, to do violence to its
plain meaning.

99 Based on a literal reading of the provision, the mirror charges faced by
Aziz and James cannot be regarded as constituting the “same offence”. I find
support for this view in the Court of Appeal’s judgment in Ramesh a/l Perumal
v PP and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1003 at [60]–[62], where the court
endorsed the trial judge’s conclusion that the provision would only apply if
the “co-accused persons in question faced precisely the same charges for
identical crimes, or if one of the co-accused persons was charged with
abetting the other in the commission of the offence with which the other was
charged, or if one of the co-accused persons was charged with attempting to
commit the exact same offence as the other” [emphasis added].

100 These are the exhaustive circumstances in which the provision can be
relied upon. In my view, the phrase “precisely the same charges for identical
crimes” requires the coincidence of both form and substance. It is
insufficient for the offences to simply concern the same set of facts for the
provision to be invoked. As the form of the charges faced by Aziz and James
are patently different, with the former facing charges under s 5(a)(i) and the
latter facing charges under s 5(b)(i) of the PCA, the pre-amendment s 258(5)
thus cannot apply.

101 My view is fortified by the subsequent amendments made by Parliament in
the CJRA to s 258(5) read together with the accompanying illustrations. The
post-amendment s 258(5) introduces two additional circumstances (reflected in
ss 258(5)(b) and 258(5)(c)) in which a confession made by an accused person
can be taken into consideration by the court as against his other co-accused
persons where they have been jointly tried. The amendment however retained the
original circumstance covered by s 258(5) in the form of s 258(5)(a).

102 For the present purpose, the most relevant amendment is the additional
circumstance provided in s 258(5)(b) of the amended CPC which is reproduced
above at [96]. An example of this particular circumstance arising in practice
can be found in illustration (c) which is directly relevant here. This
illustration explicitly provides that where a giver and receiver are jointly
tried for offences under ss 5(b) and 5(a) of the PCA, if a confession made by
the giver affecting both him and the receiver is proved and the same facts are
alleged in the charges against both of them, the court may take into
consideration the giver’s confession as against the receiver, even though the
giver and receiver are charged with offences that have different elements.

103 It is thus evident from the language of illustration (c), that offences
under ss 5(a) and 5(b) of the PCA are regarded by Parliament as separate
offences which require proof of different elements. The expansion of the scope
of s 258(5) in the amended CPC with the introduction of s 258(5)(b) and
illustration (c) appears to be Parliament’s response to a previous lacuna in
the pre-amendment CPC, whereby only the confessions of co-accused persons
jointly tried with the same offence could be taken into consideration by the
court as against each of them. Therefore, I agree with both Aziz’s and James’s
submissions 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ASS at [90]; JSS at [38].

that the DJ had erred in her interpretation of the pre-amendment s 258(5).

104 That being said, for the reasons I will elaborate on later, I agree with
the DJ that the appellants’ convictions can stand on their own based on their
respective confessions, despite the inapplicability of the pre-amendment s
258(5).

Whether the elements of the charges against the appellants are made out

The applicable law

105 As stated above, Aziz faces 19 charges under s 5(a)(i) of the PCA, James
faces 18 charges under s 5(b)(i) of the PCA and Benjamin faces one charge
under s 5(a)(i) read with s 29(a) of the PCA.

106 For convenience, I set out the relevant provisions in full:

Punishment for corruption

5\. Any person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other
person —

(a) corruptly solicit or receive, or agree to receive for himself, or for any
other person; or

(b) corruptly give, promise or offer to any person whether for the benefit of
that person or of another person,

any gratification as an inducement to or reward for, or otherwise on account
of —

(i) any person doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or
transaction whatsoever, actual or proposed; or

(ii) any member, officer or servant of a public body doing or forbearing to do
anything in respect of any matter or transaction whatsoever, actual or
proposed, in which such public body is concerned,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to
both.

Abetment of offences

29\. Whoever abets, within the meaning of the Penal Code —

(a) the commission of an offence under this Act; or

(b) the commission outside Singapore of any act, in relation to the affairs or
business or on behalf of a principal residing in Singapore, which if committed
in Singapore would be an offence under this Act,

shall be deemed to have committed the offence and shall be liable on
conviction to be punished with the punishment provided for that offence.

107 It is well-settled that the four legal elements of an offence under s 5 of
the PCA are as follows:

(a) Element 1: The giving or receipt of gratification.

(b) Element 2: As an inducement (or reward) for any person doing (or
forbearing to do) anything in respect of any matter.

(c) Element 3: There was an objective corrupt element in the transaction.

(d) Element 4: The gratification was given or received with guilty knowledge.

108 While these well-established elements have often been cited in cases
involving offences under s 6(a) of the PCA (see PP v Leng Kah Poh [2014] 4 SLR
1264 at [20]; Tey Tsun Hang at [12]; and Kwang Boon Keong Peter v PP [1998] 2
SLR(R) 211 at [32]). In my view, they apply mutatis mutandis to offences under
s 5 of the PCA given that there is a substantial degree of overlap between the
two provisions and s 6 is essentially a subset of s 5 with a narrower ambit
(see PP v Tan Kok Ming Michael and other appeals [2019] 5 SLR 926 (“Michael
Tan”) at [54]–[55]).

109 It is also uncontroverted that the first element, the giving or receiving
of the gratification, is concerned with the physical criminal act, ie, the
actus reus. The actus reus of the offence is complete even if the recipient
has not yet had any opportunity to show favour to the giver in relation to the
recipient’s affairs (see Tey Tsun Hang at [13]). It is the second to the
fourth elements which are concerned with whether the giver or the recipient
possessed a criminal intent, ie, the mens rea. Thus, Woo J in Tey Tsun Hang
explains the relationship between these elements as follows:

16 The second element relates to the causal, or consequential, link between
the gratification and the act the gratification was intended to procure (or
reward). The third element relates to whether that act was objectively
dishonest in the entire transaction.

17 Although the second and third elements are conceptually different, they are
part of the same factual enquiry. The question is whether the recipient
received the gratification believing that it was given to him as a quid pro
quo for conferring a dishonest gain or advantage on the giver in relation to
his … affairs. The court has treated these two elements together in its
assessment of whether an offence is made out …

…

20 … The objective corrupt element implies the feature of dishonesty. …

…

26 The fourth and final element relates to knowledge … The High Court in Chan
Wing Seng elaborated on the fourth element as follows (at [23]–[24]):

23 I should clarify that ‘corrupt intent’ actually refers to whether the
accused knew or realised what he did was corrupt by the ordinary and objective
standard. This is a subjective test and a more accurate formulation of what
this court meant when it stated in [PP v Khoo Yong Hak [1995] 1 SLR(R) 769]
that ‘the giving must be accompanied by a corrupt intent’. Thus, guilty
knowledge is required.

24 Bearing in mind the aforesaid, it becomes apparent that the giver might
have given, thinking and believing that his actions were corrupt, but
unbeknown to him, the transaction was perfectly legitimate. Likewise, a
transaction could have a corrupt element, but there was no guilty knowledge
because the giver was operating under a mistaken belief that it was legitimate
to give. In both cases, the offence would not be made out.

The appellants’ statements as confessions

110 Before I consider whether the legal elements of the offences faced by the
appellants are made out, I should address preliminarily the relevance and
significance of the appellants’ statements.

111 It is trite that an accused person can be convicted on the basis of his
own confession if the court is satisfied that the confession was voluntary,
true and reliable (see Lim Thian Lai v PP [2006] 1 SLR(R) 319 at [43]).

112 As I have found that all three appellants’ statements were voluntarily
made and were true and reliable, I am satisfied that they can be relied upon
as the sole basis for their convictions, should they disclose all elements of
the offences they have been charged with.

Whether the elements of the 18 mirror charges under s 5 of the PCA against
Aziz and James are made out

113 First, I consider whether the elements of the 18 mirror charges faced by
Aziz and James under s 5 of the PCA are made out.

(1) Whether it is a requirement under s 5 of the PCA for the Prosecution to
prove that Agus could have or did actually influence the accreditation process

114 One of the common issues raised by both James and Aziz in their
submissions concerns the Prosecution’s failure to call Agus as a witness and
its consequent inability to prove that Agus had the power to influence the
accreditation process, or that he did materially influence the said process.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ASS at [97]–[98]; JSS at [41].

They argue that this materially goes to proving the corrupt element
particularised in their respective charges.

115 To my mind, the starting point of the analysis must be the four legal
elements underpinning s 5 of the PCA, these being the only requirements that
the Prosecution has to prove beyond a reasonable doubt in order to secure a
conviction.

116 The question that must be asked is this: Is it a requirement under any of
the elements to prove that the key recipient (Agus) had the power to influence
the accreditation process, or that he did materially influence the said
process? Having considered the relevant authorities, I am of the view that the
answer to this is no.

117 First, it is well-established that the Prosecution need not prove this
purported requirement in order to satisfy the first element of s 5 of the PCA
pertaining to the actus reus of the offence. This was made abundantly clear in
Tey Tsun Hang at [13], cited above at [109].

118 Second, it is also apparent that none of the mens rea elements import such
a requirement. Where a charge is framed against the giver, it is the giver’s
intention that is crucial. Conversely, where a charge is framed against the
recipient, it is the recipient’s intention that is paramount. Likewise, where
a middleman recipient is interposed between the key recipient and the giver,
it is the middleman’s intention as a recipient in his own right that is
critical. In the present case, we are thus primarily concerned with the
intention of the giver, James, and the middleman recipient, Aziz. Ultimately,
the inquiry into whether the mens rea elements are satisfied hinges on whether
the accused in question gave or received gratification as an inducement or
reward knowing or believing it to be for a corrupt purpose (ie, with
dishonesty). In order to evaluate this, the court may have regard to all the
surrounding circumstances – for instance, evidence from the recipient – when
determining the guilt of the giver, and vice versa. However, this in no way
mandates a requirement that in every case evidence from the giver/recipient
must be obtained, in order to infer the intention of the recipient/giver.

119 Parliament could not have intended to mandate such an onerous evidentiary
requirement for the Prosecution to establish the mens rea elements. This would
be contrary to Singapore’s tough stance against corruption, and it would
stymie the prosecution of givers/recipients of gratification, regardless of
the reason why the recipient/giver was indisposed.

120 I am well aware that the circumstances of the present case are unique.
While investigations were ongoing, Agus was covered by diplomatic immunity.
CSI Chris testified that the CPIB had sought a waiver from the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs of this immunity. However, they were unsuccessful. This tied
the hands of both the CPIB investigators as well as the Prosecution. The DJ
was thus certainly correct not to draw an adverse inference against the
Prosecution for not producing Agus in court.

121 While it would have been helpful to hear evidence from Agus, the absence
of his evidence is not fatal to the Prosecution’s case. For the reasons I
consider below, I am satisfied that the evidence from the appellants’
individual statements support the intention of both Aziz and James for the
payments to be made as a reward to Agus for showing favour in the
accreditation process and for Aziz to influence Agus in that regard. Agus’s
evidence was thus not necessary to establish their charges.

122 Moreover, as the DJ observed, there was ample reason for the appellants to
think that Agus had shown favour such as to warrant the reward being given.
Not only was Agus the Labour Attaché of the Embassy, but AIG and Liberty were
also duly accredited in accordance with their agreement, and as it turned out,
were the only ones ever accredited. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

GD at [157], ROP p 2207.

123 Having answered the question posed at [116] in the negative, I now turn to
consider whether the four legal elements under s 5 of the PCA are satisfied in
respect of the 18 mirror charges faced by Aziz and James.

(2) Element 1: James gave, and Aziz received, gratification

124 There is no reason to disturb the DJ’s finding that moneys were transacted
between the parties. In particular, James had paid portions of his commission
earned from the sale of the Guarantees by his principals, AIG and Liberty, to
Aziz, Agus (through Aziz), Benjamin and Samad. These moneys clearly
constituted “gratification” for the purpose of s 2 of the PCA. This was
supported by James’s testimony during his ancillary hearing, where he
confirmed the calculations in his statements as well as the statements from
the other two appellants.

125 I also accept the DJ’s assessment as to the accuracy of the calculations
in relation to the sums transacted between the parties, which she based on
James’s testimony and objective records, including the statements of accounts
from Liberty and records documenting AIG’s sales of the Guarantees. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

GD at [140], ROP p 2197–2198.

(3) Elements 2 and 3: James gave gratification to Agus as a reward for
accrediting his principals, and to Aziz for arranging with Agus in respect of
the same, these transactions being objectively corrupt

126 The DJ observed that it was clear from Aziz’s and James’s statements that:
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

GD at [144]–[146], ROP pp 2200–2201.

(a) James gave gratification to Agus as a reward for accrediting his
principals, AIG and Liberty;

(b) James gave gratification to Aziz as a reward for arranging with Agus to
grant accreditation to AIG and Liberty; and

(c) Aziz received gratification from James for himself and on behalf of Agus,
for the same.

127 Having reviewed Aziz’s and James’s statements, I find no cause to disturb
the DJ’s findings. For this reason, I propose to deal only briefly with some
of the evidence that was relied upon by the DJ in arriving at her position.

128 First, in relation to the charges against James for the payments made to
Agus, the DJ concluded that James’s statements clearly showed that he agreed
to pay Agus a portion of his commission so that Agus would show favour in the
accreditation of AIG and Liberty to sell the Guarantees. The subsequent
payments made out to Agus thereafter were thus based on this agreement, and
meant as a reward for the favour shown. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

GD at [143]–[144], ROP 2199–2201.

This is captured in James’s 2nd statement: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Exhibit P28 at [50], ROP p 2671.

Q1) During the initial discussion, why was it agreed that there will be a 20%
to Agus?

A1) So that AIG can have a higher chance of being accredited as the insurance
company to issue the letter of Guarantee.

Q2) Are you aware how can Agus help in getting AIG and Liberty to be
accredited as the insurance company to issue to [sic] letter of Guarantee?

A2) I am not sure but since he is the Labour Attache, I thought that he could
make certain decisions.

Q3) After you get the commission from AIG and Liberty, why did you have to
give money to Azziz Aziz for him to pass 20% of it to Agus?

A3) It was given to Agus as per agreement and also as a thank you gift and
token of appreciation because AIG and Liberty were the accredited companies
issuing the Letter of Guarantee.

[emphasis added; strikethrough in original]

129 Second, in relation to the charges against James for the payments made to
Aziz, the DJ similarly found that James’s statements indicated that these were
agreed to as he felt that Aziz would be able to help him “influence the
officials at the Embassy to use AIG, or accredit AIG as the insurance
company”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

GD at [145], ROP p 2201; Exhibit P27 at [9], ROP p 2660.

The payments to Aziz thereafter were also based on this agreement and were
meant as a reward for his help in securing the accreditation of AIG and
Liberty. This is reflected in James’s 4th statement: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Exhibit P30 at [69], ROP pp 2681–2682.

69 … I am agreeable to give 6% to Aziz because I knew that Aziz was the person
who knew Agus at the Indonesian embassy and without Aziz’s help, this
performance bond business will not be successful and will not be smooth-
sailing. Aziz told me that he was in a position to influence Agus to accredit
AIG and Liberty as the insurance company for the performance bond guarantee …
Aziz had a lot of influence on Agus because Aziz was the local person and
could speak English well. In a way, Agus needed Aziz to help make this
performance bond business work and relied on Aziz’s opinions and comments. I
needed to pay Aziz this 6% because he had convinced me that he will help me
convince Agus to accredit AIG and Liberty.

130 Third, in relation to the charges against Aziz for receiving payments from
James on behalf of Agus and also for himself, the DJ concluded that it was
apparent from Aziz’s statements that he was aware that these payments were
meant for: (a) Agus as a reward for accrediting AIG and Liberty; and (b) him
as a reward for arranging with Agus for the granting of the same. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

GD at [145], ROP p 2201.

The following portion of his 2nd statement is a clear testament to his
knowledge in relation to the purpose stated in (a): 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Exhibit P21 at [33]–[35], ROP p 2542.

33 … I told them [ie, James, Benjamin and Samad] that I had to pay a
percentage of the premium to the labour attache in the Indonesian Embassy a
percentage for every successful PB that signed up with AIG. At that time, I
did not inform them the labour attache was Agus but I was referring to him.

34 During the discussion, all of them understand [sic] that we had to pay the
labour attache of the Indonesian Embassy as he has the authority to recommend
AIG, which was the company James was representing …

35 The reason why we gave a high percentage to the Labour Attache of Indonesia
[sic] Embassy was because he has the power to recommend AIG for this PB at
Indonesian Embassy.

His 3rd statement demonstrates his knowledge of the purpose stated in (b): 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Exhibit P22 at [73], ROP p 2560.

Q6) In relation to the 6% which you had received from James, why did James
agree and give you 6% of the commission he received from AIG?

A6) It was because I told James that I was affiliated to Agus and I could
recommend him to Agus to accredit AIG to sell the PB in Indonesia Embassy.

131 Having ascertained that Aziz and James had intended to receive and give
gratification respectively as a reward for securing the accreditation of AIG
and Liberty, the next question is whether this was in itself objectively
corrupt.

132 The DJ took the view that the intention to give money to the Labour
Attaché in the Embassy for the purpose of the accreditation of AIG and Liberty
to sell the Guarantees necessarily tainted the payment transactions with a
corrupt element. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

GD at [169], ROP p 2211.

She went on to add that whether or not AIG or Liberty were accredited should
be based on objective factors related to the purpose at hand, eg, the merit of
the companies’ proposals, their background and standing, etc. Their
accreditation should not be based on how much they were willing to pay as a
personal benefit to Agus.

133 With regard to the payments made to Aziz, the DJ was also of the view that
they were objectively corrupt as they served no purpose other than to reward
Aziz for influencing Agus to accredit AIG and Liberty.

134 I agree wholly with the DJ’s observations summarised at [128]–[133]. I
only have but one point to add. I note that it is trite that the furtiveness
of the transaction may lend support to the argument that the transaction in
question was objectively corrupt (see PP v Mohamed Abdul Gofar [1997] 1 SLR(R)
23 at [42]). Here, the parties transacted in cash only, which was
surreptitiously concealed within airplane sickness bags/envelopes. There were
also no records or receipts for the payments made. This, to me, was an obvious
display of the corrupt nature of the transactions.

(A) James’s CSR defence

135 At this time, I digress to consider the defence put forward by James
during his ancillary hearing that the moneys paid by him to Agus were in fact
CSR contributions, and not rewards for accrediting AIG and Liberty to sell the
Guarantees. As mentioned earlier, this defence was not advanced by any of the
appellants in the course of the main trial, including James. It was also not
pursued at length in the appeal before me. Nonetheless, I propose to deal with
it for completeness.

136 Quite apart from the fact that this alleged defence was not raised in the
course of the main trial, I find that there is simply no credible evidence to
commend it. It was thus entirely proper of the DJ to reject this defence.

137 First, given the very nature of CSR contributions, they are usually made
through formal channels with proper documentation. However, no documentary
evidence was adduced by James to show that the payments made to Agus were for
the purpose of making CSR contributions. It is simply unbelievable that either
AIG, Liberty or the Embassy would deal with CSR contributions in cash stashed
away in airplane sickness bags, with no official record documenting this.
Moreover, as pointed out by the DJ, the letters from the Embassy tendered by
James in his Case for the Defence did nothing to support his CSR defence.
Instead, the letters demonstrated that CSR contributions would be formally
requested by the Embassy pertaining to specific events. Additionally, Low Hwee
Huan Derek (“Derek”), the Executive Vice-President (Personal Lines) of Liberty
at the time, testified that Liberty had only made one lump sum contribution of
$2,000 towards CSR which was paid by way of a cheque made out to the Embassy
and did not come from the sale of the Guarantees. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

GD at [88] and [149(a)], ROP pp 2179 and 2202–2203.

138 Second, Derek and Manik Bucha, the latter having care of individual
personal insurance matters at AIG at the time, both denied that a part of the
commission given to James was meant for CSR and confirmed that any
contributions to CSR would have been made in a lump sum by way of bank
transfer or cheque, and not by way of cash. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

GD at [83] and [149(b)], ROP pp 2176–2177 and 2203.

139 Third, this CSR defence did not appear in any of the appellants’ multiple
statements. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

GD at [149(d)], ROP p 2204.

In particular, this was conspicuously absent even from James’s 1st statement,
the admissibility of which he did not challenge. In fact, what can be gleaned
from James’s 1st statement is that he attempts to distance himself from any
relationship with Agus. In this statement, he stated: “I wish to add that I
have never given money to Agus for any reason before. Agus has never asked me
for a share of my commission before.” 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Exhibit P27 at [24], ROP p 2664.

As pointed out by the Prosecution, James also admitted during his cross-
examination at the ancillary hearing that he sought to distance himself from
payments to Agus by ensuring that he never handed the money to Agus directly,
or even witnessed Aziz giving Agus the money. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

RSS at [58(c)].

If the payments to Agus were meant as innocent CSR contributions, why would
James actively seek to distance himself from Agus?

140 Fourth, there was also no mention of the payments being made towards CSR
in any of the messages found in the appellants’ seized mobile phones. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

GD at [149(e)], ROP p 2204.

141 To the contrary, during oral submissions before me, the Prosecution
highlighted a series of WhatsApp messages between James and Agus, which they
argue makes clear that the payments were not for the purpose of CSR. I set out
the relevant messages here: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Exhibit P2, ROP p 2320.

14/03/2018, 10:55 – James: We have just crossed the 1000th PB milestone!

14/03/2018, 11:00 – Pak Agus Labour Attache: whats rewards for me bro?...

14/03/2018, 12:16 – Pak Agus Labour Attache: i want sending proposal for csr
bro…

14/03/2018, 12:17 – Pak Agus Labour Attache: to who?

[emphasis added]

142 The Prosecution submits that the message “whats rewards for me bro?...”
sent by Agus to James, shows that he was seeking monetary rewards and not CSR
contributions. His later message stating “i want sending proposal for csr
bro…” and the follow-up question “to who?” was also consistent with the
testimonies by the representatives from AIG and Liberty, that they were
approached by the Embassy to make contributions to their CSR funded events.
Thus, at this point on 14 March 2018, Agus was simply asking James for future
reference whom he should refer the Embassy’s legitimate requests for CSR to.
This is in line with the idea that CSR requests should be made formally to the
appropriate persons.

143 Based on a reading of these messages, it is evident that Agus had two
distinct questions for James. The first related to what personal benefit he
was to derive from the PBs and the second related to whom (from AIG and
Liberty) he should send the Embassy’s official proposals for CSR to. If Agus’s
first question had anything to do with CSR, he would not have asked what
rewards there were for him specifically. Reading these messages together with
Aziz’s 4th statement further reinforces the point that the payments by James
to Agus could not have been for the purpose of CSR. In Aziz’s 4th statement,
he stated that Agus frequently chased him to get payment from James in respect
of the Guarantees sold, and once even threatened to “switch off the system if
James … refused or delayed” in making payment. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Exhibit P23 at [82], ROP p 2567.

If these payments were indeed CSR payments, it is certainly odd that Agus
would ask Aziz to chase James personally for these payments (instead of the
representatives from AIG and Liberty), and that any refused or delayed
payments would be cause for the termination of AIG/Liberty’s accreditation.

144 Considering the evidence in its totality, James’s CSR defence quite simply
has no legs to stand on.

(4) Element 4: The gratification was given by James, and received by Aziz,
with guilty knowledge

145 Finally, the evidence in Aziz’s and James’s statements unequivocally
demonstrate that they possessed the requisite guilty knowledge. I cite only a
few examples to illustrate this. In Aziz’s 1st statement, when he was asked
why he thought James was uncomfortable giving money directly to Agus, he
replied: “He [James] did not want to be seen bribing Agus. I was also not
feeling comfortable to help him give as I did not want to get involved.” 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Exhibit P20 at [21], Q1–A1, ROP p 2537.

In James’s 2nd statement, he admitted that he knew it was wrong to give part
of his commission to Agus, an embassy staff, as a bribe for accrediting AIG
and Liberty. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Exhibit P28 at [50], Q4–A5, ROP p 2671.

146 In my judgment, the DJ correctly applied the law to the facts before her.
Accordingly, Aziz’s and James’s convictions on these 18 mirror charges under s
5(a)(i) and s 5(b)(i) of the PCA should not be disturbed.

Whether the elements of the Tokio Marine charge against Aziz are made out

147 I turn to Aziz’s conviction on the Tokio Marine charge under s 5(a)(i) of
the PCA. This pertains to Aziz’s act of allegedly soliciting gratification for
Agus from one Loh Yeow Kwong David (“David”) as an inducement to show favour
to Tokio Marine in the accreditation process to sell the Guarantees. The DJ
took the view that there was ample evidence supporting this charge based on
the testimonies of David and one Choo Boon Siong (“Choo”) as well as Aziz’s
statements. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

GD at [176], ROP p 2214.

At the material time, David was a business development manager at Tokio
Marine, while Choo was a director at AVA Insurance Agency Pte Ltd (“AVA
Insurance”). AVA Insurance was an insurance agent that had business relations
with a number of principals, including Tokio Marine.

148 According to David, Aziz requested a 40% commission from the sale of each
Guarantee for himself and Agus. David understood this to mean that Aziz was
requesting for a bribe, in order for him to put in a good word with Agus to
secure accreditation for Tokio Marine in respect of the PBs. Further, at a
subsequent internal meeting at Tokio Marine’s office on 5 March 2018, where
David, Choo, Cher Ah Kow (the Chief Executive of Tokio Marine), and some other
staff were present, David and Choo testified that they knew Aziz was asking
for a bribe and a decision was made not to accede to this request. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

GD at [90], [93] and [176], ROP pp 2180–2181 and 2214.

149 Aziz too confirmed in his 3rd statement that he had asked for a commission
of 40% on Agus’s instruction. He knew that this “commission” was akin to the
money which Agus was receiving from James. Aziz also admitted that he knew
David had understood this 40% commission to be a form of bribe in order to
obtain accreditation for Tokio Marine. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

GD at [177], ROP pp 2214–2215; Exhibit P22 at [66] and [68], ROP pp 2558–2559.

150 However, the DJ also noted that Aziz went on to explain in his statement
that Agus had asked for a high commission as he wanted to deter Tokio Marine
from applying for accreditation. This was because AIG and Liberty were
allegedly not on good terms with AVA Insurance, which was affiliated with
Tokio Marine. Nonetheless, the DJ ultimately rejected this explanation by
Aziz. She found that this did not sit well with the evidence from David and
Choo that Aziz had followed up on his request after the meeting, even going so
far as to message David while he was away on holiday to ask for updates. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

GD at [178]–[179], ROP p 2215.

Relying on Chan Kin Choi v PP [1991] 1 SLR(R) 111 at [34]–[35], the DJ
accepted that she was entitled not to accept the contents of Aziz’s statement
wholesale, and she thus relied only on the incriminatory portion.

151 I agree with the DJ that the active steps taken by Aziz to follow up on
his request were plainly inconsistent with any supposed intention to deter
Tokio Marine. I would add that Aziz’s explanation is also incongruent with
Choo’s evidence on his subsequent meeting with Agus sometime in May 2018,
where Agus had specifically communicated his requirement that any commission
moneys to him were to be paid in cash, with no paper trail. Although Choo had
explained then that official receipts had to be issued for audit purposes,
Agus had insisted on cash payments. Agus even suggested that AVA Insurance
find other ways to make payments to him, for example, by registering a new
company. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

RSS at [75(b)].

152 On the totality of the evidence, I am satisfied that Aziz’s conviction on
the Tokio Marine charge is sound. Aziz did solicit a 40% commission from the
representatives of Tokio Marine as an inducement for Agus to grant
accreditation to Tokio Marine. As established in respect of the 18 mirror
charges above, the solicitation of payments of such a nature is invariably
corrupt. Aziz also possessed the requisite guilty knowledge as evidenced from
his admission in his 3rd statement that he knew the commission that Agus was
seeking from Tokio Marine was akin to what they were receiving from James,
which were bribes.

Whether the elements of the abetment charge against Benjamin are made out

153 Lastly, I deal with Benjamin’s appeal against conviction. Benjamin did not
contest the admissibility or the reliability of his investigative statements
at trial, although he was represented by counsel at the time. Accordingly, I
find that there is no reason not to admit them and to place full weight on
their contents.

154 Benjamin’s appeal against conviction is unmeritorious. In the main, he
raises the following arguments in support of his appeal: (a) his role in the
entire scheme, ie¸ introducing James to Aziz, did not amount to facilitation;
and (b) he had no knowledge of the circumstances of the offence. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

BSS at [9].

155 I am unable to accept Benjamin’s submission that his introduction of James
to Aziz did not amount to facilitation. It cannot be controverted that
Benjamin’s introduction of James to Aziz clearly facilitated the commission of
the offences which related to the payment of bribes from James to Aziz and
Agus. This introduction was in fact the very catalyst that set the entire
corrupt transaction into motion.

156 Further, Benjamin’s belated denial of any knowledge regarding the
circumstances of the offence directly contradicts his clear and unequivocal
admissions in his investigative statements. At the time he introduced James to
Aziz, he had full knowledge that whichever insurance agent or company that
sought to be accredited would need to pay bribes to people in the Embassy.
This is evident from Benjamin’s 2nd statement: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Exhibit P4, ROP pp 2364–2366.

30 … James and I understood that if we wanted to get the deal, commissions
have to be given.

31 … I knew that Aziz wanted a cut of this deal and gain from it. Aziz did
tell me that he wanted commissions on the second meeting when I met him with
Samad but he did not specify the amount that he wanted.

…

35 I am now asked by the recording officer to explain the message “Will
confirm mtg. For this deal..we are working at embassy level and party
commission will need to be covered from insurer side..” … I wish to state that
I was telling James that this is a deal involving the Indonesia Embassy and
the party commission I was referring to is commission to be paid to Aziz and
the group of people he was working with at the Embassy …

…

38 I am now asked by the recording officer if I knew that someone from the
embassy was receiving commissions in exchange for allowing AIG and Liberty to
be the appointed insurer for the Indonesia Embassy. I wish to state that yes,
Aziz did tell me that someone from the embassy needed to be paid and I relayed
the message to James. I recall telling James that it is common for people to
cover each other in Indonesia. By covering each other, I meant giving money to
do business in Indonesia. In this instance, it was giving money to someone
from the Embassy to do business with the Embassy.

157 Benjamin also admitted that he knew that it was “wrong to give someone in
the Indonesia Embassy money in exchange for awarding the accreditation to AIG
and Liberty” and that it was “a bribe”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Exhibit P4 at [49], ROP p 2368.

158 In light of the compelling evidence from his statements, it is clear that
Benjamin’s conviction on this charge is unimpeachable.

Adverse inference to be drawn against the appellants for electing to remain
silent

159 The appellants all chose to remain silent when their defence was called.
This was so even in the face of their glaring admissions in the statements
adduced at trial by the Prosecution. In my view, the DJ’s decision to draw
adverse inferences against the appellants for this reason was wholly
justified.

160 First, Benjamin’s statements were admitted into evidence without any
challenge. Based on the admissions in his statements, his conviction is
unimpeachable. His choice to remain silent when confronted with his statements
leads to the irrefutable conclusion that he simply had no defence.

161 Second, although Aziz had given evidence during his ancillary hearing that
the statement recorders refused to record the initial version of events which
he had provided to them, he chose not to take the stand to provide an account
of what was, in his view, the correct account of what had transpired. I thus
accept the DJ’s inference that Aziz did not have any more innocuous
explanation for the events that unfolded. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

GD at [137], ROP p 2196.

162 Third, the DJ accepted that James had put up some defence during his
ancillary hearing by explaining that 20% of the Guarantee payments were in
fact payments made towards CSR. To this end, the only inference she drew was
that there was no further evidence or explanation he could give for his
defence, beyond what had already been canvassed during his ancillary hearing.
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

GD at [138], ROP pp 2196–2197.

Appeal against sentence

163 As I have upheld Aziz’s and Benjamin’s conviction on all the charges
against them, I am left to consider their appeals against sentence. Their
appeals are limited only to contesting the custodial sentences imposed. Aziz
is not challenging the penalty sum imposed on him under s 13 of the PCA.
Benjamin is also not challenging the fine amount imposed. Accordingly, I deal
only with their appeals against the custodial terms meted out.

164 I preface my decision with some general observations on sentencing in
corruption offences. In two recent High Court decisions, Michael Tan and PP v
Wong Chee Meng [2020] 5 SLR 807 (“Wong Chee Meng”), this court had to consider
the issue of whether to adopt a sentencing framework for PCA offences. In
Michael Tan, the question was whether it would be appropriate to promulgate a
general sentencing framework for corruption offences under ss 5 and 6 of the
PCA. Hoo Sheau Peng J (“Hoo J”) declined to do so. She observed that the wide
variety of acts caught by ss 5 and 6 of the PCA would make the crafting of a
single sentencing framework applicable to all such offences an extremely
challenging task (see Michael Tan at [104]). In Wong Chee Meng, Sundaresh
Menon CJ (“Menon CJ”) declined to lay down a sentencing framework applicable
generally to all offences under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA. One main reason for
this was because the gravamen of the offences differed. In particular, he
observed that the offence under s 6 of the PCA is rooted in the notion of
agents who have allowed their loyalty to their principal to become suborned
through the corrupt receipt of gratification. This differs in complexion from
s 5 of the PCA, which targets corrupt transactions more generally. Given this,
there is the distinct possibility of different sentencing considerations being
relevant for offences under s 5 of the PCA (see Wong Chee Meng at [59]).
However, Menon CJ nevertheless set out a sentencing framework applicable in
the narrower context of offences under s 6 read with s 7 of the PCA. As the
question of the appropriateness of promulgating a sentencing framework for
offences under s 5 of the PCA is not before me in these appeals, I leave this
open for consideration on a future occasion.

165 For now, I can do no better than to summarise the relevant factors set out
in Michael Tan (at [99]), which serve as a useful reference point in the
calibration of the appropriate sentence for corruption offences:

(a) The value of the gratification;

(b) The consequences of the corruption. This includes consideration of the
type of policy considerations implicated, which vary depending on whether the
corruption involved relates to: (i) public sector corruption; (ii) private
sector corruption; or (iii) corruption involving a foreign public official;

(c) Motivation of the offender;

(d) The web of corruption or broader syndicate operations;

(e) The extent of premeditation and sophistication;

(f) Duration of offending;

(g) Role of the offender;

(h) Transnational nature of the offence; and

(i) Whether the corrupt conduct was endemic.

166 In the present case, the DJ correctly identified that the starting point
for the offences was a custodial term as they involved the giving of
gratification to a foreign public official (ie, Agus, the Labour Attaché from
the Embassy). 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

GD at [217], ROP p 2228.

This offence-specific aggravating factor, in my view, applies across all of
the appellants’ charges, and no distinction should be made even for the
charges which did not specifically name Agus as an involved party. The reason
for this is apparent once one considers that the entire corrupt transaction
was premised on the single purpose of providing rewards to Agus in respect of
his help in accrediting AIG and Liberty.

167 Having established that the relevant starting point for the sentences to
be imposed should necessarily be a custodial term, I now turn to consider
whether the lengths of the sentences imposed are manifestly excessive.

Aziz’s appeal against sentence

(1) The 18 mirror charges

168 At the outset, I note that Aziz takes no issue with the DJ’s reasoning and
broad sentencing approach. His only quarrel is with the DJ’s numerical
calibration of the individual sentences based on the precedents she relied
upon. Aziz thus submits that the following individual sentences are more
appropriate (the sentences in s/n 4, 8, 12 and 18 were ordered by the DJ to
run consecutively): 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

ASS at [157].

S/N| Bribe amount| Recipient| Sentence imposed| Sentence proposed by Aziz  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| $6,902| Agus| 5 months| 3 months  
2| $12,600| Agus| 7 months| 5 months  
3| $2,357.60| Agus| 3 months| 2 months  
4| $15,400| Agus| 8 months| 7 months  
5| $9,739.80| Agus| 6 months| 4 months  
6| $14,000| Agus| 8 months| 6 months  
7| $8,000| Agus| 6 months| 4 months  
8| $2,211.60| Agus| 3 months| 2 months  
9| $2,070.60| Aziz | 3 months| 1 month  
10| $1,500| Aziz | 2 months| 1 month  
11| $2,280| Aziz| 3 months| 1 month  
12| $707.28| Aziz| 1 month| 2 weeks  
13| $2,000| Aziz| 3 months| 1 month  
14| $2,620| Aziz| 3 months| 1 month  
15| $2,921.94| Aziz| 3 months| 1 month  
16| $2,000| Aziz| 3 months| 1 month  
17| $2,200| Aziz | 3 months| 1 month  
18 | $3,063.48| Aziz| 3 months | 1 month  
  
169 Before I consider the precedents cited in the court below, I first address
the relevant offence-specific factors that arise on these facts. In addition
to the specific aggravating factor mentioned earlier concerning the giving of
gratification to a foreign public official, I am also in broad agreement with
the offence-specific factors identified by the Prosecution, namely: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

RSS at [83(c)]–[83(e)].

(a) The appellants (including Aziz) were motivated by self-interest and greed,
with their monetary gains from the corrupt arrangement reflected in their
individual charges.

(b) The offences were committed over a four-month period, which was not
insubstantial, and they only ceased offending when they were arrested by the
CPIB.

(c) The offences were premeditated and calculated to avoid detection. The
appellants had discussed and planned out their individual shares of the
commission. The eventual moneys flowing from this entire corrupt arrangement
were also distributed in cash hidden away in airplane sickness bags/envelopes
and there were no records documenting these transactions.

170 One other offence-specific factor relied on by the Prosecution was that
the corruption involved prominent insurance institutions such as AIG and
Liberty, which has the potential to impact Singapore’s global financial
standing. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

RSS at [83(b)].

Aziz disagreed with this. I am inclined to agree with Aziz’s objection. There
is no evidence that AIG and Liberty were complicit in the corrupt transaction.
Based on the Prosecution’s case, James acted unilaterally and paid out bribes
from his own commission without the knowledge of his principals. Moreover,
while there may have been some adverse impact, to my mind, this was not
significant enough to constitute a standalone aggravating factor.

171 I also accept that Aziz may not have been the main force behind the
corrupt arrangement, although I am nonetheless cognisant that he played a
significant role in the co-ordination and facilitation of the entire scheme.

172 I now turn to the precedents relied on by the DJ and the parties in the
court below. The DJ found guidance from two cases cited by the parties, PP v
Chew Hoe Soon (DAC-916888-2017 and others) (“Chew Hoe Soon”) and Michael Tan.

173 It bears repeating the caution against the reliance on unreported
decisions (see Luong Thi Trang Hoang Kathleen v PP [2010] 1 SLR 707 at [21]).
These decisions often lack sufficient particulars to paint the entire factual
landscape required to appreciate the precise sentences imposed. The lack of
reasoned grounds also greatly diminishes the precedential value of these
decisions. I therefore hesitate to place much weight on the case of Chew Hoe
Soon. In any event, having considered the facts of the case as set out by the
DJ (GD at [230]), it appears to me that the sentence imposed there was
lenient.

174 The second precedent considered by the DJ was Michael Tan. In that case,
the offender in the first appeal, Tan Kok Ming Michael, had pleaded guilty to
one charge under s 5(b)(i) of the PCA, for giving a sum of $10,000 to one
Owyong Thian Lai (“Owyong”) for the purpose of bribing officers from the
Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (“APMM”) to detain a vessel belonging to
his competitor. Two further charges under the same provision involving amounts
of $10,000 each were taken into consideration for sentencing (“TIC charges”).
As this case involved the giving of gratification to Owyong for the benefit of
APMM officers, Hoo J held that this triggered the relevant policy
considerations surrounding corruption involving foreign public officials.
Therefore, the custodial threshold had been crossed. The other relevant
sentencing factors considered included: (a) the total sum of the gratification
(including the gratification forming the subject-matter of the TIC charges)
which amounted to $30,000; (b) the offender’s motivation borne out of self-
interest (namely to create a non-level playing field for himself); and (c) the
two other TIC charges.

175 Having regard to the relevant offence-specific factors outlined above as
well as the precedents cited, I am of the view that the DJ’s calibration of
the individual sentences cannot be considered to be manifestly excessive.

(2) The Tokio Marine charge

176 In relation to the Tokio Marine charge, the DJ relied on the case of PP v
Su Fengxian [2018] SGDC 40, where the offender had tried to bribe an official
from the Singapore Table Tennis Association and received a sentence of six
weeks’ imprisonment after trial. The DJ then applied an uplift to two months’
imprisonment to take into account the fact that Aziz had solicited bribes for
a foreign public official. Aziz submits instead that a sentence of six weeks’
imprisonment is appropriate. He did not provide any grounds to support this
submission, and I am unable see any cogent reason to depart from the sentence
imposed by the DJ.

(3) The global sentence

177 For completeness, I note that Aziz rightly did not challenge the DJ’s
decision to run five sentences consecutively, namely the 4th, 8th, 12th, 18th
and 19th charges. This was clearly commensurate with his culpability.

178 I therefore dismiss Aziz’s appeal against sentence.

Benjamin’s appeal against sentence

179 Benjamin did not provide any written submissions for his appeal against
sentence. In his oral submissions, he merely reiterated that his role in the
entire corrupt transaction was limited and pleaded for a lighter sentence.
This limited role was in fact recognised by the DJ in her calibration of the
appropriate sentence to impose. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

GD at [239], ROP p 2236.

However, the custodial threshold had nonetheless been crossed as the case
concerned corruption involving a foreign public official.

180 In all, I am of the view that the sentence of one month’s imprisonment is
not manifestly excessive.

Conclusion

181 For the reasons above, I dismiss the appeals by Aziz, James and Benjamin
against their conviction, and I dismiss the appeals by Aziz and Benjamin
against their sentence. Finally, it leaves me to express my gratitude to
counsel for all the parties for their assistance through their comprehensive
oral and written submissions.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Andre Darius Jumabhoy and Wong Thai Yong (Peter Low & Choo LLC) for the first
appellant;

Chia Boon Teck and Darryl Chew (Chia Wong Chambers LLC) for the second
appellant;

The third appellant in person;

Alan Loh, Jasmin Kaur and Eric Hu (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 May 2022 (11:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

