Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Appellate DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 4

Civil Appeal No 80 of 2021

Between

(1)| TMRG Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Luke’s Tavern Holdings Pte Ltd  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Caerus Holding Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Lukes Seafood LLC  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 723 of 2020

Between

(1)| TMRG Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Luke’s Tavern Holdings Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Caerus Holding Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Lukes Seafood LLC  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of Decision

[Intellectual Property — Trade marks and trade names — Infringement]

[Intellectual Property — Trade marks and trade names — Invalidity]

[Intellectual Property — Trade marks and trade names — Defences] [Intellectual
Property — Trade marks and trade names — Passing off]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TMRG Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Caerus Holding Pte Ltd and another

[2022] SGHC(A) 4

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 80 of 2021  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD, See Kee Oon J  
4 February 2022

18 February 2022

See Kee Oon J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This appeal arose from the appellants’ claims in Suit 723 of 2020 for trade
mark infringement and passing off, and a declaration of invalidity of the
respondents’ two registered trade marks. The dispute centred on the common use
of the name “Luke’s” for the parties’ respective dining establishments, which
are known as “Luke’s Oyster Bar & Chop House” and “Luke’s Lobster”
respectively.

2 The trial judge (the “Judge”) dismissed the claim, setting out detailed
reasons in his written judgment (the “Judgment”): see TMRG Pte Ltd and another
v Caerus Holding Pte Ltd and another [2021] SGHC 163. He found no trade mark
infringement or passing off. Consequently, the claim for invalidity of the two
trade marks failed. The Judge thus did not grant an injunction to prohibit the
continued use of the trade marks. The Judge found that the respondents could
also rely on the “own name” and the “registered mark” defences under ss
28(1)(a) and 28(3) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (the “TMA”)
respectively.

3 In their appeal, the appellants largely repeated their main arguments below.
The appellants sought to re-emphasise their arguments as to the
distinctiveness of their “Luke’s” brand. They essentially asserted that as
they had become known as “Luke’s” to their customers, there was acquired
distinctiveness in the name “Luke’s”. In short, “Luke’s” simpliciter was
distinctive of their business through use.

Trade mark infringement

4 In considering the similarity of the marks, the settled law is that the
comparison is done “mark-for-mark without consideration of any external
matter”: see Han’s (F & B) Pte Ltd v Gusttimo World Pte Ltd [2015] 2 SLR 825
at [105] and Staywell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd v Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Worldwide, Inc and another and another appeal [2014] 1 SLR 911 (“Staywell”) at
[20]. We accepted the Judge’s application of the law and his reasons as stated
in the Judgment (at [27]–[63]) that the appellants’ arguments on
distinctiveness and similarity are not persuasive. When each of the respective
marks were viewed as a whole, the competing marks are clearly differentiated
in the visual, aural and conceptual sense. The relevant visual comparisons can
be found in the Judgment and we need not reproduce them here.

5 In our view, the major flaw with the appellants’ arguments on
distinctiveness, as the Judge rightly noted (at [28] and [43] of the
Judgment), was that the appellants’ registered trade mark is not “Luke’s”.
Their trade mark comprises nine words: “Luke’s Oyster Bar Chop House Travis
Masiero Restaurant Group”. Moreover, they did not use their registered nine-
word trade mark exclusively but had also used an unregistered seven-word logo
(omitting the words “Restaurant Group”). On the evidence of the appellants’
own witness Mr Gregory Ian Coops, the logo was what was “most commonly in use”
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

3T ROA 134 at lines 5 to 17.

and their restaurants “would not be known by the general population” but only
“a very, very narrow audience”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

3T ROA 67 at lines 3 to 11.

6 In oral submissions before us, the appellants placed considerable reliance
on the principle of acquired distinctiveness. This was premised on their
branding purportedly having arisen from being known as “Luke’s” simpliciter.
In our view, this argument was misplaced. Even if “Luke’s” may have been a
convenient shorthand reference, “Luke’s” simpliciter was never used by the
appellants in a standalone fashion on their business cards, Internet website
or social media. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ACB(II)(A) 144–148, 164, 167 and 170.

We acknowledged that there are instances where “Luke’s” simpliciter was used
on the shopfront to the appellants’ restaurants and the restaurant’s cutlery.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ACB(II)(A) 151 and 157.

However, this use was inconsistent as their restaurant windows used the
composite nine-word mark. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ACB II(A) 150.

This inconsistency also applied to the appellants’ use of their unregistered
logo in various forms. The various instances of inconsistent usage thus
compromised the appellants’ trade mark infringement claim. Put differently,
the appellants’ argument on acquired distinctiveness leveraged on usage of
their unregistered logo and the restaurant’s cutlery to shore up their case on
trade mark infringement. In our view, such an approach was not permissible.

7 As the Court of Appeal emphasised in Staywell (at [29]), even if
distinctiveness is found in any particular dominant component of a mark, this
“must ultimately be related back to the impression given by the mark as a
whole”. The entire string of words in the appellants’ trade mark and even
taking into consideration their unregistered logo, read as a whole, do not
perform a purely descriptive function. Taking the mark as a composite, rather
than with a sole focus on the word “Luke’s” (notwithstanding that the word is
cast in outsized font), these words are what constitute the appellants’ brand.
These words therefore also serve to differentiate the appellants’ brand from
other establishments bearing a similar name. This was precisely how the Judge
went about his analysis, as can be discerned from [43]–[49] of the Judgment.

8 It is also settled law that commonly used personal names are not
particularly distinctive: Judgment at [37]. “Luke” is by no means a
distinctive or uncommon personal or trading name. The appellants may have used
their trade mark and the “Luke’s” name for almost ten years and generated
substantial revenue of about S$63m up to the time of the trial. However, in
our assessment, these factors did not, without more, advance their case of
acquired distinctiveness.

9 As for the arguments pertaining to confusion arising from the allegedly
similar trade marks, the appellants again appeared to rely on the purported
distinctiveness and dominance of the “Luke’s” name in both their registered
mark and their unregistered logo.

10 In this regard, the appellants’ survey evidence was rejected by the Judge
who rightly noted problems with the survey methodology and the reliability of
the survey results. Importantly, the appellants had not raised any arguments
as to why or how the Judge had erred in his detailed analysis and reasoning on
the survey evidence: Judgment at [191]–[241]. They only continued to maintain
that the Judge ought to have considered certain aspects of the survey
evidence.

11 We acknowledged that there was some force in the appellants’ point that the
five emails and one Facebook post cited to show actual confusion were not
inadmissible hearsay. Contrary to what the Judge appeared to have accepted,
they were tendered for the purpose of showing confusion on the face of the
exhibits and not to assert the truth of their contents. Nevertheless, this did
not assist the appellants in any case. Aside from the hearsay point, we agreed
with the Judge’s reasons (at [97]–[101] of the Judgment) for disregarding the
emails and Facebook post. They show some initial interest confusion at best,
but this did not assist the appellants as the right test is whether there was
confusion at the point of purchase: Staywell at [113]. The respondents had
also pertinently pointed out that there were only five or six instances of
alleged confusion out of some 13,500 to 27,000 estimated emails received by
the appellants in the relevant nine-month period. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

RC at para 35(a).

12 The parties provide similar services but there were obvious distinctions
between their target customer base or market audience and the nature of their
restaurants’ menu offerings. The appellants are in the fine dining business
with upscale menu prices and ambience; the respondents sell fast food (albeit
not at a budget price) with a grab-and-go concept. The appellants also serve
lobster rolls, but only for lunch and even then, this is not listed on their
main menu but only on their “lunch plates” menu. At $48, it costs nearly
double the price of the respondents’ version at $25.50. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Judgment at [142].

The appellants’ own evidence, including objective evidence, undermined their
claim. Lobster related dishes (ie, not just lobster rolls) only comprised 5%
of their restaurants’ total revenue. The appellants had clearly overstated the
possibility of confusion arising from the fact that they served lobster rolls
or other lobster related dishes.

13 Further, we noted that the respondents applied to register their trade
marks in April 2018 and when these applications were published in September
and October 2018, they were unopposed. The parties already had an existing
trade mark dispute in Korea as of 17 July 2018. We accept the respondents’
submission that by September 2018, the appellants must have been aware of the
respondents’ likely intent to launch operations in Singapore. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

3V RA 199.

Despite having had two months from the date of publication to file a notice of
opposition, the appellants did not do so. Their omission therefore suggested
that “Luke’s” simpliciter was not as important to or distinctive in their
restaurants’ branding as they so strenuously contended. Alongside this, the
Judge also rightly considered the amicable resolution of a Hong Kong trade
mark revocation action filed by the second respondent to revoke the first
appellant’s registration of its mark there and the concession in the
appellants’ solicitors’ letter of 15 May 2020 that the parties had different
target customer bases: Judgment at [110]. Although that letter was marked
“without prejudice save as to costs”, we agreed with the respondents that the
appellants had waived their privilege because they had previously referred to
and exhibited the respondents’ solicitors’ letter dated 21 May 2020 which was
sent in response to the appellants’ solicitors’ letter. Hence, the respondents
were entitled to refer to that letter.

Passing off

14 The main reasons for the Judge’s finding that the marks are not similar
overlapped with his reasons for dismissing the claim in passing off. The
distinctiveness argument was engaged once again in determining whether the
appellants had goodwill in their business. As outlined above, we accepted that
“Luke’s” simpliciter is not distinctive, and the appellants’ goodwill is thus
not associated with the name “Luke’s”. As the Judge rightly found at [122] of
the Judgment, the appellants’ goodwill is associated with their restaurants
being known as oyster bars and chop houses, and being associated with the
Travis Masiero Restaurant Group. This is because “Oyster Bar”, “Chop House”,
“Travis Masiero Restaurant Group” and “Travis Masiero” are all components of
their trade mark and/or unregistered logo.

15 As for misrepresentation, the Judge was entitled to find that initial
interest confusion is insufficient for both passing off and trade mark
infringement. With respect, the appellants’ argument that the commentary in
Christopher Wadlow, The Law of Passing Off: Unfair Competition by
Misrepresentation (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2016) at para 5-181 suggests
otherwise in the context of passing off was misconceived. We saw no reason to
differ from the Judge’s reasoning at [130] of the Judgment.

16 Similarly, we agreed with the Judge’s reasons for rejecting the appellants’
allegations of damage, viz, loss of sales, blurring and tarnishment,
restriction on expansion and loss of exclusivity (Judgment at [157]–[167]). As
we accepted that there was no confusion that would persist to the point of
purchase in the first place, we did not need to address the issue of whether
confusion in terms of the appellants’ customers perceiving an economic
association between the parties per se was equivalent to damage.

17 Lastly, turning to the defences that the respondents had relied upon, we
also agreed with the Judge that the “own name” defence operates in their
favour, at least for the trade mark infringement claim. In relation to the
passing off claim, the Judge did not expressly decide whether the respondents
could rely on the “own name” defence: Judgment at [178]. For the present
matter, it was unnecessary for us to decide whether the “own name” defence
extends to passing off but assuming that it did, we would have accepted the
respondents’ case that the use of the name was an honest and bona fide
practice. It was in use as a trading name in the United States since 2009 and
was not calculated to deceive customers or ride on the appellants’ existing
restaurant brand in Singapore. The “registered mark” defence under s 28(3) of
the TMA should also operate in favour of the respondents since the
registration of the “Luke’s Lobster” trade mark has not been invalidated.

18 Finally, there was no basis to declare the respondents’ trade marks invalid
for contravening ss 8(2)(b) and/or 8(7) of the TMA, or for an injunction to be
granted to prevent their continued use of the trade marks. The respective
marks can coexist, just as their dining establishments can coexist.

Conclusion

19 Accordingly, we were not persuaded that the Judge had erred in law or
principle or that any of his material factual findings were plainly wrong or
unsupported by the evidence. We were of the view that the appellants had not
shown any good grounds for interfering with the Judge’s decision. We therefore
dismissed the appeal and ordered that the appellants bear the respondents’
costs fixed at $50,000 all-in.

20 The usual consequential orders would apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Lim Jun Hao Alvin and Tay Wei Wen Zachary (Withers KhattarWong LLP) for the
appellants;

Pang Sze Ray Melvin, Ong Eu Jin and Hoh Zi Quan Marcus (Amica Law LLC) for the
respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Feb 2022 (12:18 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

