Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGCA 27

Originating Summons No 2 of 2022 (Summons No 4 of 2022)

Between

(1)| Shee See Kuen  
---|---  
(2)| Joveen Miu Harn Peng  
(3)| Ng Seng Yu  
(4)| Ng Ah Moi  
(5)| Leong Churn Meng (Liang Junming)  
  
… Applicants

And

| PT Trikomsel Oke Tbk  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No 3 of 2022 (Summons No 5 of 2022)

Between

(1)| Leong Churn Meng (Liang Junming)  
---|---  
(2)| Ong Chong Hock Joseph  
(3)| Chin Mui Leng  
(4)| Tan Guan Lee Company Ltd  
(5)| Ng Seng Yu  
(6)| Tong Sau Kwan  
(7)| William Koh Chee Wei  
(8)| Lin Zhuo @ Lin Ning  
(9)| Yeo Yu Kin  
  
… Applicants

And

| PT Trikomsel Oke Tbk  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Service — Leave for service out of jurisdiction — Transfer
of appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shee See Kuen and others

  
v

  

PT Trikomsel Oke Tbk and another matter

[2022] SGCA 27

Court of Appeal — Originating Summonses Nos 2 and 3 of 2022 (Summonses Nos 4
and 5 of 2022)  
Judith Prakash JCA  
21 February 2022

29 March 2022 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash JCA:

1 CA/SUM 4/2022 (“SUM 4”) and CA/SUM 5/2022 (“SUM 5”) are ex parte
applications for leave to serve the Originating Summonses in CA/OS 2/2022 (“OS
2”) and CA/OS 3/202 (“OS 3”) out of jurisdiction on PT Trikomsel Oke Tbk (“PT
Trikomsel”). OS 2 and 3 are applications to this court seeking the transfer of
AD/CA 4/2021 (“AD 4”) and AD/CA 5/2021 (“AD 5”) from the Appellate Division of
the High Court (“Appellate Division”) to the Court of the Appeal. An
interesting question arises as to whether it is necessary for this court to
grant fresh leave for service out of jurisdiction if the court below had
granted the same in the suits from which AD 4 and 5 arise.

Facts

2 PT Trikomsel is the respondent in OS 2 and 3 and AD 4 and 5. It is an
Indonesian company with its address in Indonesia. The applicants herein were
the plaintiffs in HC/S 564/2018 (“Suit 564”) and HC/S 565/2018 (“Suit 565”) in
which PT Trikomsel was one of the defendants. Interlocutory judgment for
damages to be assessed was entered against PT Trikomsel in both suits. Among
other things, the judgments made it liable for fraudulent misrepresentations
contained in offering circulars for two tranches of “Senior Fixed Rate Notes”
which the applicants had purchased. Damages then had to be assessed.

3 By the time of the assessment of damages hearings, the writs of summons
against the other defendants in the suits had either expired without being
served or had been set aside. The only remaining defendant in both suits was
PT Trikomsel. At the assessment hearings, the applicants were awarded damages
on the normal compensatory basis against PT Trikomsel. The applicants were
dissatisfied, however, as they had failed to obtain punitive and aggravated
damages. The High Court Judge (“Judge”) rejected the latter claims as they
were not specifically pleaded. AD 4 and AD 5 are the applicants’ appeals
against the Judge’s dismissal of their claims for punitive and aggravated
damages.

4 The sequence of events that gave rise to SUM 4 and 5 is as follows. OS 2 and
OS 3 (collectively, “the Transfer Applications”), were filed on 26 January
2022. The applicants seek to transfer the appeals to this court on the basis
that a decision of this court, Noor Azlin bte Abdul Rahman and another v
Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd [2021] SGCA 111 (“Noor Azlin”), is implicated
in the appeals (see s 29D(2)(c)(ii) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
1969 (2020 Rev Ed) read with O 56A r 12(3)(d) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev
Ed) (“ROC”)). Briefly, the applicants seek to persuade this court to reverse
its holding in Noor Azlin that punitive and aggravated damages must be
specifically pleaded. By letters dated 27 January 2022 (“27 Jan letters”) from
the Registry of the Supreme Court, PT Trikomsel was directed to file its
papers in the Transfer Applications by 7 February 2022. However, at a Case
Management Conference on 8 February 2022 it came to light that the applicants
had not served the Transfer Applications on PT Trikomsel. In addition, it
appears that the 27 Jan letters were dispatched, but not to PT Trikomsel’s
last known address in Central Jakarta (“Address 2”). The 27 Jan letters were
only sent to PT Trikomsel’s previous address in Jakarta (“Address 1”). This
was because Address 1 was the address stated by the applicants in the Transfer
Applications. In a letter to the court dated 10 February 2022, the applicants
claimed that Address 1 was stated in the Transfer Applications because they
had learnt that PT Trikomsel had changed its registered address to Address 2
only after issuing those proceedings.

5 Pertinently, for the purpose of this judgment, the applicants were granted
leave to serve the Writs of Summons (“Writs”) in Suits 564 and 565 on PT
Trikomsel at Address 1 in January 2019. Further, the Memorandum of Service
dated 30 May 2019 in both suits shows that the Writs were served on PT
Trikomsel at Address 2.

SUM 4 and 5

6 On 21 February 2022, the applicants filed SUM 4 and 5 to seek leave to serve
the Transfer Applications on PT Trikomsel out of the jurisdiction at Address
2. An affidavit in support of the leave applications was filed by Leong Churn
Meng (Liang Junming) (“Leong”), the fifth applicant in SUM 4 and the first
applicant in SUM 5. Leong states that the applications in SUM 4 and 5 are made
under O 11 rr 1(f)(i), 1(f)(ii) and/or 1(p) of the ROC. These provisions state
as follows:

ORDER 11

SERVICE PROCESS OUT OF SINGAPORE

Cases in which service out of Singapore is permissible (O. 11, r. 1)

1\. Provided that the originating process does not contain any claim mentioned
in Order 70, Rule 3(1), service of an originating process out of Singapore is
permissible with the leave of the Court if in the action —

…

(f) (i) the claim is founded on a tort, wherever committed, which is
constituted, at least in part, by an act or omission occurring in Singapore;
or

(ii) the claim is wholly or partly founded on, or is for the recovery of
damages in respect of, damage suffered in Singapore caused by a tortious act
or omission wherever occurring;

…

(p) the claim is founded on a cause of action arising in Singapore;

…

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

Issues in SUM 4 and 5

7 Preliminarily, I should clarify that the applicants were right to commence
the Transfer Applications by originating summonses. Reading O 56A r 12(5)
together with O 57 r 16(1) ROC, applications to this court “shall be made
either by originating summons or, in an appeal before the Court of Appeal, by
summons.” [emphasis added]. For reference, these provisions state that:

Transfer of appeal under section 29D(1)(a) of Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(O. 56A, r. 12)

…

(5) An application under section 29D(2)(c)(ii) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act must be made in accordance with Order 57, Rule 16, and must be
filed and served no later than 14 days after the date of service of the
Respondent’s Case.

…

Applications to Court of Appeal (O. 57, r. 16)

16.—(1) Except where this Order provides otherwise, every application to the
Court of Appeal shall be made either by originating summons or, in an appeal
before the Court of Appeal, by summons.

8 Before the Transfer Applications are granted (if at all), AD 4 and 5 are not
before this court. Pursuant to O 57 r 16(1) ROC, the Transfer Applications had
to be commenced by way of originating summonses. An originating summons was
also used to bring the transfer applications in Noor Azlin bte Abdul Rahman
and another v Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 440, Wei Fengpin v
Raymond Low Tuck Loong and others [2021] SGCA 115, Choo Cheng Tong Wilfred v
Phua Swee Khiang and another [2022] SGCA 8 and Milaha Explorer Pte Ltd v
Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co Ltd [2022] SGCA 9.

9 However, it bears emphasising that the High Court had already granted leave
for the service of the Writs out of jurisdiction and such service had been
duly effected. In these circumstances, the issues that arise for my
determination are:

(a) Whether leave to serve out of jurisdiction must be separately granted by
this court in respect of the Transfer Applications when leave for service out
of jurisdiction of the originating process on PT Trikomsel had been granted by
the court below (“Issue 1”)?

(b) If (a) is answered in the affirmative, whether the requirements for
obtaining leave for service out of jurisdiction have been met (“Issue 2”)?

Issue 1: Is leave for service out of jurisdiction of the Transfer Applications
needed?

10 The starting position is that service of an originating process out of
Singapore is permissible with the leave of court: O 11 r 1(1) ROC. The
requirements for an application for such leave are set out in O 11 r 2 ROC. In
contrast, no separate leave is required to serve “any summons, notice or order
issued, given or made in any proceedings” in which “leave for service of the
originating process has already been granted” [emphasis added]: O 11 r 8(1)
ROC. For reference, O 11 r 8(1) ROC reads as follows:

Service of summons, notice or order out of Singapore (O. 11, r. 8)

8.—(1) Subject to Order 69, Rule 10, service out of Singapore of any summons,
notice or order issued, given or made in any proceedings is permissible only
with the leave of the Court but leave shall not be required in any proceedings
in which leave for service of the originating process has already been
granted.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

11 The question is whether, for the purpose of the Transfer Applications, “the
originating process” in O 11 r 8(1) ROC refers to the Writs and not to OS 2
and 3. If it refers to the Writs, then this court need not grant new leave for
service out of jurisdiction.

12 I start by setting out the definitions of some key terms in O 1 r 4(1) of
the ROC:

(a) “originating process” means a writ of summons or an originating summons;

(b) “originating summons” means every summons for the commencement of
proceedings other than a writ of summons; and

(c) “summons” means every summons in a pending cause or matter. Jeffrey
Pinsler in Singapore Court Practice (LexisNexis, 2022) at para 1/4/10A states
that such summonses are made “in pending proceedings and denotes an
interlocutory proceeding”.

13 In my view, OS 2 and 3 are not in substance originating processes. They
should be deemed to be summonses which were made in “a pending cause or
matter”. As such, pursuant to O 11 r 8(1) ROC, given that leave to serve the
Writs out of jurisdiction was granted in Suits 564 and 565, the applicants
need not obtain fresh leave to serve OS 2 and 3 on PT Trikomsel in Indonesia.
I now give my reasons.

14 First, not all originating summonses are originating processes. If after
the disposition of the originating summons, there is still something left to
try as between the parties, then the application whilst commenced by
originating summons is interlocutory in nature. I derive this proposition from
Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas [2008] 4 SLR(R) 33 (“Jurong Shipyard”).

15 In Jurong Shipyard, BNP Paribas (“BNPP”) had issued a statutory demand for
an alleged debt to Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd (“JSPL”). JSPL took out an
originating summons for an injunction to restrain BNPP from commencing
winding-up proceedings pursuant to the statutory demand. The issue was whether
JSPL was entitled to rely on hearsay evidence from JSPL’s then-Chief Financial
Officer to support its application for an injunction. Order 41 r 5 of the
Rules of Court (2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC (2006)”) expressly permitted reliance on
hearsay evidence for “interlocutory proceedings”:

Contents of affidavit (O. 41, r. 5)

…

(2) An affidavit sworn for the purpose of being used in interlocutory
proceedings may contain statements of information or belief with the sources
and grounds thereof.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

16 The question before Lee Seiu Kin J, therefore, was whether the proceedings
commenced by originating summons were interlocutory in nature. Lee J answered
this question in the affirmative (at [83]). He said as follows:

83 In my view, the nature of the present originating summons is interlocutory.
… in the present originating summons, it is not for me to decide the merits of
the parties’ arguments; all I need to decide is whether JSPL has raised
triable issues in respect of the alleged debt. If I should decide that there
are triable issues, BNPP will have to bring an action against JSPL for the
alleged debt and the merits of the parties’ arguments will be decided at
trial. If I should decide that there are no triable issues, BNPP will still
have to file an application for winding up and the merits of the parties’
arguments will again be decided in the winding-up proceedings. Whichever way
it goes, my decision will not mean there is ‘nothing left to try’: see
Stephenson LJ’s reasoning in [79] above – the merits of the parties’ arguments
remain undetermined.

84 … if [JSPL] had waited for an application for winding up to be presented
and then applied for a stay on the same ground of a disputed debt, that
application would have had to be brought in the form of a summons and would
have been interlocutory in form.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

17 Lee J further noted that: (a) there was nothing expressly precluding the
extension of the term “interlocutory proceeding” in O 41 r 5(2) ROC (2006) to
applications commenced by originating summons; and (b) policy and the general
justice of the case weighed in favour of the application’s inclusion in
“interlocutory proceedings” (at [85]). Namely, the circumstances were of great
urgency, evidence was not obtainable at short notice, and thus the court was
willing to act upon imperfect evidence to prevent irremediable mischief (at
[86]–[87]).

18 In my judgment, the broader proposition in Jurong Shipyard applies equally
under O 11 r 8(1) read with O 1 r 4(1) ROC to determine whether an originating
summons is in substance a summons. Namely, an originating summons is
interlocutory in nature if it is not intended to dispose of the merits of the
parties’ claims. However, I adopt this principle for reasons that are
different to those of Lee J. This is because O 41 r 5(2) ROC (2006) (which is
found in identical form in the current ROC) and O 11 r 8(1) ROC have different
objects. As Lee J intimated, O 41 r 5(2) ROC (2006) exists to allow courts to
act on imperfect evidence in circumstances of great urgency to prevent the
infliction of irremediable prejudice. In contrast, O 11 r 8(1) aims to
eliminate duplicative applications for leave for service out of jurisdiction.
Before O 11 r 8(1) in its current form came into force on 1 February 1992, the
equivalent provision of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970 (1990 Rev Ed), O
11 r 9(4), did not address the problem of duplicative applications. It simply
stated as follows:

Service out of jurisdiction of any summons, notice or order issued, given or
made in any proceedings is permissible with the leave of the Court.

As this court noted in Burgundy Global Exploration Corp v Transocean Offshore
International Ventures Ltd and another appeal [2014] 3 SLR 381, the reforms to
the civil procedure rules from 1991 to 1993 aimed to expedite court processes
and increase efficiency. In this context, Sundaresh Menon CJ concluded that O
11 r 8(1) ROC achieved the following effect (at [105]):

… where leave to serve the originating process on a defendant abroad had
already been granted, the issue of whether this was an appropriate case to
exercise extraterritorial jurisdiction over that particular defendant would
have already been considered, and it would be unnecessary and inefficient to
require leave to be sought repeatedly for overseas service of every subsequent
document in the proceedings.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

19 Put another way, if: (a) the originating summons is interlocutory and hence
ancillary to a pending cause or matter (“underlying proceeding”); and (b)
leave for service out of jurisdiction has been granted in respect of the
originating process in the underlying proceeding, then Singapore’s courts have
already determined that it is appropriate to assume personal jurisdiction over
the foreign party. This is because in analysing the requirements for granting
leave for overseas service, the lower court would have satisfied itself that
it is appropriate for Singapore’s courts to exercise personal jurisdiction in
that case: see Lee Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co Ltd and another and
another suit [2007] 2 SLR(R) 453 at [23]. These requirements are: (a) the
claim must come within one of the heads of claim in O 11 r 1 of the ROC; (b)
the claim must have a sufficient degree of merit; and (c) Singapore must be
the forum conveniens: Zoom Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd
[2014] 4 SLR 500 at [26].

20 Accordingly, it is superfluous for a higher court to re-analyse the
requirements for granting leave for overseas service. To decide otherwise
would defeat the object of O 11 r 8(1) ROC. This conclusion is implicitly
supported by the learned authors in Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1
(Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021). It is stated at para 11/8/1
that O 11 r 8(1) ROC “relate[s] to service of other process, originating or
interlocutory, on persons, such as third parties” [emphasis added]. Hence, the
purpose of O 11 r 8(1) ROC is best promoted by holding that applications which
are, in form, commenced by an originating summons but are in substance
interlocutory summonses come within the ambit of the provision.

21 For completeness, Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin and others v Attorney-General
and another [2021] 4 SLR 698 (“Syed Suhail”) also demonstrates that not all
originating summonses are originating processes which give rise to new civil
proceedings. There, See Kee Oon J held that applications for pre-action
discovery and pre-action interrogatories under O 24 r 6(1) and O 26A r 1(1)
ROC respectively, brought by originating summonses, did not commence “civil
proceedings” within the meaning of ss 2(2) and 34 of the Government
Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed). One reason cited was that such
applications were not even “interlocutory” in nature, but were “limited”
applications filed for the specific purpose of obtaining information: at [33].
Hence, Jurong Shipyard and Syed Suhail caution against the assumption that all
originating summonses are originating processes.

22 In the present case, I hold that OS 2 and 3 are indeed interlocutory in
nature. The Transfer Applications only raise the administrative or procedural
question of which court should hear the substantive appeals in AD 4 and 5.
Deciding the Transfer Applications will in no way dispose of the merits of the
appeals. The appeals relate to the separate question of whether the applicants
are entitled to claim punitive and aggravated damages without specifically
pleading such damages. Applying O 11 r 8(1) ROC, as leave was granted to serve
the Writs in both suits on PT Trikomsel in Indonesia, this court need not
grant fresh leave for overseas service of OS 2 and 3 on the same party in
Indonesia.

23 Second, and however, there remains the conceptual question of what the
“pending cause or matter” is. This question arises as a “summons” is defined
in O 1 r 4(1) as a summons in a “pending cause or matter”. It appears
necessary for me to hold that Suits 564 and 565, AD 4 and 5 and OS 2 and 3 are
conceptually a single set of proceedings. If so, the proceedings commenced by
the Writs are still pending. Any application made in these proceedings,
including the Transfer Applications, then takes the benefit of the leave for
service out of jurisdiction granted in Suits 564 and 565.

24 For the avoidance of doubt, I do not think that there is a substantive
difference between the words “proceedings”, “cause” or “matter” which are used
in the definitions of “originating summons” and “summons” in O 1 r 4(1) ROC.
As Lord Selborne LC stated in Sidney Faithorne Green (Clerk) v Lord Penzance
and others (1881) App Cas 657, “cause” refers to “any suit, action, matter, or
other similar proceeding competently brought before and litigated in a
particular Court” (at 671) (see also Stroud’s Judicial Dictionary of Words and
Phrases vol 3 (Daniel Greenberg ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2020) at p 380;
David Hay, Words and Phrases Legally Defined vol 1 (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2018)
at p 429). I therefore do not distinguish between these words in the analysis
that follows.

25 I come, therefore, to the question of whether an appeal, a transfer
application and the first instance suit are in substance the same proceedings.
The authorities are divided. In my view, the answer to this question is
dependent on the legal and factual context in which it arises. I provide some
examples.

26 In the context of a committal for contempt of court, it was held that
proceedings in relation to which the contemptuous act was done were pending
until the appeal had been dismissed or the time for appeal had elapsed. In
Delbert-Evans v Davies and Watson [1945] 2 All ER 167, two newspapers had,
after a criminal trial and before it was known whether there would be an
appeal, published accounts of the alleged criminal activities of the accused.
Humphreys J held that (at 174):

… newspapers which choose to publish or editors of newspapers who choose to
publish comments upon a criminal case while it is still pending, and a
criminal case is still pending while the time for appealing has not run out at
least, and most assuredly in the case of a man who is appealing or is
proposing to appeal — if they choose to comment on the facts of the case other
than upon matters which have been given in evidence in open court, they do so
at their peril.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

27 In contrast, for the purpose of assessing costs in civil proceedings,
appeals are regarded as conceptually distinct from the first instance
proceedings. In Hawksford Trustees Jersey Ltd v Stella Global UK Ltd and
another (No 2) [2012] EWCA Civ 987, Rix LJ observed that (at [58]):

In sum, the broad interpretation of the word ‘proceedings’ [under s 29 of the
Access to Justice Act 1999 (c 22) (UK)] advocated by the Respondent is
unnecessary to achieve the object of the statute, runs counter to a well known
distinction, made in the context of costs liability, between costs of trial
and costs of appeal where trial and appeal are spoken of as different
proceedings, leads to a result which was clearly not contemplated by the
ancillary practice directions, and undermines the fairness of the regime.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

28 Further, T S Sinnathuray J in Goh Teng Hoon and others v Choi Hon Ching
[1985–1986] SLR(R) 869 held that an appeal from the District Court to High
Court is not a proceeding “pending” in the District Court. This pronouncement
was made in the context of interpreting the words “proceedings pending” in a
transitional provision in the Subordinate Courts Rules 1986 (“1986 Rules”). If
there were proceedings pending before the District Court, the appellants would
have to pay security for costs of $1,000 under the Subordinate Courts Rules
1970. If not, they would have to pay $1,500 under the 1986 Rules. Sinnathuray
J held that (at [9]):

… once a District Court has given judgment, except for matters relating to
execution of the judgment, the District Court is functus officio and there can
be no issue before it on which it had earlier exercised its jurisdiction. It
follows that an appeal from the District Court to the High Court, is not a
proceeding ‘pending’ in the District Court under the transitional provision of
the 1986 Rules. I accordingly rule that in this case the 1986 Rules apply and
the security for costs is $1,500 …

29 In the final analysis, “proceedings”, “cause” or “matter” are each capable
of a variety of meanings. Their proper meanings in different situations should
be ascertained in the statutory context and the object(s) of the legislation
in which they are used. This observation was aptly made in relation to the
word “proceeding” by Smart J in Blake v Norris (1990) 20 NSWLR 300 at 306.
There, Smart J was interpreting a power under the Jurisdiction of Courts
(Cross-Vesting) Act 1987 (Vic) to transfer a “proceeding” which was “pending”
to certain interstate or federal courts for determination (see also David Hay,
Words and Phrases Legally Defined vol 2 (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2018) at p 2458).
Thus, much will depend on the context of the particular case.

30 In my view, the object of O 11 r 8(1) ROC compels the following conclusion.
For the purpose of O 11 r 8(1) ROC, the first instance trial/application,
appeal and any transfer application arising from the appeal are a single set
of proceedings. Accordingly, parties need only apply for leave for service out
of jurisdiction once. If it were otherwise, and the Transfer Applications were
not deemed to be summonses in a pending cause or matter, multiple courts will
be applying the same principles on leave for service out of jurisdiction to
the same facts. Not only are such duplicative applications a strain on
judicial resources, the spectre of inconsistent results spells intractable
practical difficulties.

31 In these premises, the Transfer Applications are substantively summonses in
a pending cause or matter, viz, the appeal of the applicants’ claims in the
suits. No new leave for service out of jurisdiction needs to be granted. Issue
2 is hence moot.

Correction of Address 1 to Address 2

32 Before concluding, I note that leave was granted in the Suits to serve the
Writs at Address 1. The relevant orders in Suits 564 and 565 are HC/ORC
278/2019 and HC/ORC 279/2019 respectively (“the Leave Orders”). Para 1(c) of
the Leave Orders stipulate that PT Trikomsel is to be served at Address 1.
Given recent developments (see [4] above), I exercise the court’s inherent
power to vary the Leave Orders to grant leave to serve PT Trikomsel at Address
2 in Indonesia.

Conclusion

33 For all the foregoing reasons, I make no orders on both prayers in SUM 4
and 5 and no orders as to costs.

Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
---|---  
  
Goh Kok Leong, Daniel Tan An Ye and Henry Li-Zheng Setiono (Ang & Partners)
for the applicants in CA/SUM 4/2022 and CA/SUM 5/2022;

The respondents in CA/SUM 4/2022 and CA/SUM 5/2022 absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Mar 2022 (12:34 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

