Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 96

Criminal Case No 60 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Sri Tharean Muthalagan  
---|---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Sri Tharean Muthalagan

[2022] SGHC 96

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 60 of 2019  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
6–9, 13–15 October 2020, 31 August, 1, 2, 7, 8, 10 September 2021, 31 January
2022

29 April 2022 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 The accused in this case is one Sri Tharean Muthalagan, a 27-year-old male
Malaysian. In the afternoon of 16 April 2018, the accused was stopped and
arrested by officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) while he was
riding his Malaysia-registered motorcycle along the junction of Jalan Eunos
and Changi Road in Singapore. A search of the motorcycle by the CNB officers
uncovered, amongst other things, five packets of crystalline substance, which
were subsequently analysed and found to be methamphetamine.

2 The accused was charged with and claimed trial to one charge of possessing
five packets containing not less than 421.06g of methamphetamine for the
purpose of trafficking (“the Charge”), which is an offence under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) and punishable under s 33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”).

The Prosecution’s case

3 On 15 April 2018, at about 11.00pm, the accused received a call from one
“Dinesh”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Opening Address dated 2 September 2021 (“POA”) at para 6.

The accused, who lived in Johor Bahru, Malaysia, was at home at that time. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 2 lines 27-28.

Dinesh told the accused to remove the box that was attached to the rear of the
accused’s motorcycle and leave it outside his house. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

POA at para 6.

The accused agreed to do this.

4 Early the next morning, on 16 April 2018, at about 3.00am, the accused
opened the motorcycle box and found a raincoat and many bundles inside. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

POA at para 7.

Dinesh called the accused and instructed him to bring the bundles to
Singapore. The accused agreed.

5 The accused entered Singapore on his motorcycle via the Tuas Checkpoint at
about 5.30am. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

POA at para 8.

Later that day, at about 3.00pm, he was instructed by Dinesh to collect a bag
containing cash hanging at the back of a toilet cubicle door at the premises
of a company located in Jurong East, which was referred to by the Prosecution
in its opening address as “LW Company”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

POA at para 9, Transcript, 31 Jan 2022, p 35 lines 2-8.

Thereafter, Dinesh told the accused to proceed to Eunos MRT station. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

POA at para 9.

The accused arrived at a carpark in front of Eunos MRT station. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

POA at para 10.

Dinesh then instructed the accused to deliver one of the bundles (the contents
of which were marked as exhibit SAN-A1) to a man, later identified to be one
Seet Ah San (“Seet”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

POA at paras 10 and 17-18.

In return, Seet passed a white envelope containing $2,500 in cash to the
accused 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

POA at para 10; Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 25.

.

6 Dinesh then told the accused to head towards Eunos Crescent. There, on the
instructions of Dinesh, the accused delivered several of the bundles placed in
his motorcycle box by Dinesh to a man who was driving a car. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

POA at para 11.

These included a white bundle (marked as exhibit D1) and two black bundles
(marked as exhibits E1A and E1B respectively). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

POA at paras 15-16.

That man was later identified to be one Tomoki Okubo (“Okubo”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

POA at para 11.

In return, Okubo passed the accused a sum of cash amounting to $7,300. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

POA at para 11; PCS at para 26.

7 At around 4.35pm, the accused was arrested at the junction of Eunos Road and
Changi Road. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

POA at para 12.

When his motorcycle was searched, six bundles (one black bundle, which was
marked as exhibit A1 and five blue bundles, which were marked as exhibits
A2-A6 respectively) were recovered from the motorcycle box. The five blue
bundles were of roughly similar weight and shape, and each bundle was wrapped
with blue tape. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

POA at para 13.

These five blue bundles (“the Bundles”) were the ones which each contained a
packet of methamphetamine, and which formed the subject of the Charge that was
tried before me. The Prosecution’s case is that the accused knew that the
Bundles contained methamphetamine, or that he was wilfully blind as to their
contents.

8 For completeness, I should add that both Seet and Okubo were also arrested,
and later convicted and sentenced for drug-related offences. They are
presently imprisoned. Seet and Okubo were called as Prosecution witnesses at
the trial of the accused. The substance of their evidence will be dealt with
later in the course of this judgment.

The Defence’s case

9 The accused does not dispute that he was in possession of the Bundles at the
time of his arrest. He accepts that he had brought them into Singapore on the
instructions of Dinesh. He also accepts that, at the time of the arrest, he
was waiting for instructions from Dinesh as to where and to whom he should
deliver the remaining bundles in his motorcycle box (which included the
Bundles), or whether he should bring these bundles back to Malaysia to be
returned to Dinesh. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 57 lines 28-29.

It is common ground that the contact details of Dinesh were recorded in the
accused’s mobile phone as “Dishini Anna”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 44 lines 19-22, p 45 lines 3-5.

10 The accused also does not dispute or contest the chain of custody in
relation to the Bundles, or the analysis which showed that together, they
contain not less than 421.06g of methamphetamine. Instead, the accused’s case
is that he did not know the nature of what was contained in the Bundles. He
believed that he was bringing “shisha” into Singapore on the instructions of
Dinesh. When he used the term “shisha”, the accused was not referring to the
smoking implement itself, but the sweetened tobacco that is placed in the
smoking implement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 7 lines 21-26.

Both the Prosecution and the Defence are in agreement that the accused meant
to refer to the sweetened tobacco when he referred to “shisha” or “shisha
flavour” in his evidence and his cautioned statement in respect of the Charge.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript, 31 Jan 2022, p 3 lines 20-31, p 4 lines 1-31.

11 The accused described how he came to know Dinesh in his testimony in court.
He had first met Dinesh in end-February 2018 whilst drinking at a liquor shop
in Johor Bahru. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 20 lines 22-32, p 21 lines 8-9.

Dinesh had approached him and struck up a conversation. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 21 lines 1-3.

This was about one to two months before his arrest. At that time, the accused
was jobless and was facing some financial difficulty. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 21 lines 15-18.

12 Not long after, Dinesh offered the accused a job of delivering “fruits” to
persons in Singapore. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 22 lines 17-24.

At the time when Dinesh made this offer, the accused thought that it involved
the delivery of actual fruits. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 29 lines 1-3.

However, the accused turned down Dinesh’s job offer because there were some
problems with his motorcycle. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 50 lines 19-22, p 52 lines 2-6.

According to the accused, at the time when he declined the delivery job, he
still thought that Dinesh was referring to the delivery of actual fruits. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 29 lines 9-12, p 31 lines 1-11.

The accused says that it was only sometime in March 2018, after he grew closer
to Dinesh, that he understood that Dinesh was referring to fruit-flavoured
“shisha”, and not actual fruits. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 30 lines 9-12 and 20-22, p 32 lines 1-4.

13 Later, the accused managed to borrow a motorcycle from his housemate, one
“Everaj”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 51 lines 26-28.

He used the motorcycle to travel to Singapore on several occasions in April
2018 to look for a job there. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 56 lines 24-32.

It was at around the same time that the accused informed Dinesh that he was
prepared to do the job of delivering “shisha” in Singapore. In his testimony,
the accused was unable to recall precisely whether that happened as a result
of him informing Dinesh that he had a motorcycle available for use immediately
after he procured the use of Everaj’s motorcycle, or only because Dinesh
subsequently learnt that the accused now had a motorcycle for use after he
(Dinesh) contacted the accused. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 55 lines 24-32, p 56 lines 1-23.

What is not in dispute, however, is that by the time the accused agreed to
take on the delivery job, he knew that he was to deliver “shisha” and not
actual fruits. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 55 lines 22-23.

Dinesh also told the accused that, as part of the job, he had to collect money
from persons in Singapore. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 32 lines 5-7.

This was because Dinesh, as he told the accused, was also a loan shark and the
money to be collected was repayment due to Dinesh as a loan shark. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 32 lines 18-32, p 33 lines 1-7.

The accused also says that Dinesh never told him that the money collected was
payment for the “shisha” that he was to deliver; the accused therefore thought
that those moneys to be collected had nothing to do with the “shisha”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 32 lines 11-13 and 22-23.

14 Subsequently, on one of the accused’s trips to Singapore on 13 April 2018
to look for employment, he was offered a job by a stall owner at a food court
in Tuas. He was hired to be a cook for about $60 to $70 a day. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 63 lines 28-31, p 68 lines 24-29; Agreed Bundle
(“AB”) at p 165.

While he was in Singapore that day, Dinesh called the accused. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 64 lines 2-4.

He told the accused to go the premises of a company, “LW Techno” in Jurong
East, to familiarise himself with the place. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB at pp 158-159 and 165; Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 64 lines 7-12, lines
27-28.

This is because Dinesh told the accused that he would be sent there to collect
money from someone on some later date. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 65 lines 15-18.

I should add that it is not in dispute, and it is also apparent from the
accused’s account in his long statements, that “LW Techno” and “LW Company”
(see [5] above) were used interchangeably by him and referred to the same
place. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 64 lines 16-19.

15 On 15 April 2018, Dinesh called the accused at night at about 11.00pm.
Dinesh asked the accused if he was working the next day, to which the accused
replied that he was. Dinesh told the accused he would be passing him a
raincoat for his use. He told the accused to leave his motorcycle box outside
the accused’s house, and he would come by and place the raincoat in the box.
The accused did as Dinesh instructed. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 3 lines 15-27; p 4 line 6.

16 Early the next morning, Dinesh called the accused and told him that he had
left the raincoat in his motorcycle box. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 5 lines 8-10.

When he opened the box, the accused found not only a raincoat but also several
bundles, which were wrapped in tape of different colours. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 5 lines 12-13.

According to the accused, these bundles included the Bundles and the one black
bundle (exhibit A1) that had been found in his motorcycle box on his arrest
(see [7] above and [25] below). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 40 lines 7-10.

They also included the one black bundle that had been passed to Seet
(containing what was later marked as exhibit SAN-A1) (see [5] above), 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 21 lines 14-21.

and the white bundle and two black bundles that had been passed to Okubo
(exhibits D1, E1A and E1B) (see [6] above). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 32 lines 8-12 and 30-32, p 33 lines 1-4.

By the exhibit markings, it would appear that Dinesh had placed a total of
four black bundles, five blue bundles and one white bundle in the accused’s
motorcycle box. In his evidence, the accused explained that there were three
black bundles in total, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 29 lines 28-31, p 39 lines 25-27.

but he subsequently clarified that was because he regarded the two black
bundles passed to Okubo (exhibits E1A and E1B) as a single black bundle
because those two black bundles had been stuck together. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 32 lines 18-32, p 33 lines 1-4, p 39 lines 17-18 and
31-32.

The accused also testified that the black bundle passed to Seet was in a shape
and form resembling that of exhibit A1 before it was handed over to Seet. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 40 line 27, p 41, lines 28-32, p 42 lines 1-7.

For ease of reference, I adopt the accused’s evidence about exhibits E1A and
E1B having been stuck together and I will refer to the two black bundles
handed over by the accused to Okubo as a single black bundle.

17 The accused called Dinesh to ask him about these bundles. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 7 lines 14-19.

Dinesh said that these bundles were “shisha”, and that he needed the accused’s
help to bring these bundles into Singapore. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 7 lines 22-25, p 8 line 7.

The accused was also instructed “to collect money from some people” and hand
over the bundles “to some of those people” whom he collected money from. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 8 lines 9-10.

The collection of moneys was connected to Dinesh being a loan shark. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 18 lines 25-32, p 19 lines 1-8.

18 The accused gave evidence that he was initially “scared”, but Dinesh told
him it was “nothing”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 13 lines 2-3.

The accused then agreed to do it. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 13 lines 3-4.

He also gave evidence that, when he opened the motorcycle box, there was a
smell. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 8 lines 20-21, p 9 lines 15-17.

He then picked up one of the blue bundles (ie, the Bundles) and sniffed it,
and it smelt like a fruit. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 9 lines 25-32, p 10 lines 1-5.

19 The accused then rode into Singapore on his motorcycle for work. He had to
report to the food court by 6.30am. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 12 lines 26-27.

After he had entered Singapore, and en route to his workplace, Dinesh called
the accused. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 12 lines 18-19.

Dinesh told the accused to place the white bundle (exhibit D1) and any one of
the black bundles, that had been placed in his motorcycle box, into his
haversack. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 12 lines 20-21, p 13 lines 16-18 and 22-27.

The accused followed the instructions. The black bundle which the accused
picked was the one he later handed over to Seet, ie, the one containing
exhibit SAN-A1 (see [21] below). The rest of the bundles remained in the
motorcycle box. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 13 lines 28-29.

20 Dinesh called him sometime after 12.00pm later that day. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 14 lines 28-29.

Dinesh instructed the accused to go to a food court at the premises of LW
Techno to collect money from someone there at around 2.00pm during the
accused’s lunch break from work. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 15 lines 8-10.

Once he arrived, Dinesh gave him instructions to pick up a bag which was
hanging in one of the restroom cubicles. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 16 lines 27-32, p 17 lines 1-4.

The bag contained money, which the accused then placed in his waist pouch. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 16 lines 7-13, p 17 lines 4-5.

21 Dinesh then instructed the accused to travel to Eunos MRT station. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 18 line 20.

Once there, the accused waited at a car park for further instructions. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 19 line 15.

Seet approached the accused and handed him some money in an envelope. Acting
on Dinesh’s instructions, the accused then opened his haversack and left it to
Seet to pick out the black bundle that the accused had earlier placed in his
haversack (see [19] above). Seet then left. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 19 lines 16-19.

The accused claims that he did not count the moneys handed to him by Seet. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 20 lines 27-28.

22 Dinesh informed the accused that another person would come and hand him
some money. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 22 lines 17-21.

An elderly man, who the accused described looked like a Malay man, showed up
and passed him some money. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 22 lines 23-26, p 23 lines 8-11.

The cash was tied up with rubber bands. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 22 lines 17 and 28-30.

The accused claimed that he was not told how much money there was, and he did
not count the money as Dinesh had not instructed him to do so. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 23 lines 31-32, p 24 lines 1-3.

23 The accused was then told by Dinesh to go to the rear side of Eunos MRT
station where someone in a red car would be waiting for him. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 25 lines 1-2.

The accused rode his motorcycle to the location as instructed. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 25 lines 3-4.

The accused saw a red car at that location. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 25 lines 6-7.

He was then asked by Dinesh to confirm if the headlights of that red car were
flashing. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 25 lines 24-26.

Upon the accused’s confirmation, Dinesh told the accused to approach the car
and get into it. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 25 lines 28-31.

The accused got into the back seat of the car. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 26 lines 13-15.

Okubo and a woman were in the driver and front passenger seat respectively. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AB at p 160.

The accused was asked by Dinesh to confirm if Okubo was speaking on the phone,
which he was. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 26 lines 17-19.

Okubo then handed the accused some monies but took it back shortly after. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 26 lines 20-21.

Next, Okubo placed a money counting machine on the back seat next to where the
accused was sitting. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 26 lines 19-23.

Okubo then placed the monies in the machine and switched it on. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 26 lines 23-26.

The accused was asked by Dinesh if the monies were in $50 or $100 notes; the
accused confirmed that it was the former. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 26 lines 24-25.

The accused claims he did not know how many much money there was, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 28 lines 28-29.

save that the machine had counted more than 100 pieces of $50 notes, although
he also could not remember precisely the number of $50 notes that had been
counted by the machine. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 27 lines 5-19.

Okubo then tied up the monies with a rubber band and handed it to the accused.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 27 lines 25 and 29-32.

24 The accused placed the monies from Okubo into his haversack. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 28 lines 30-31.

Dinesh then asked the accused if he had collected the monies from Okubo. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 29 line 5.

Upon the accused’s confirmation, Dinesh told him to pass to Okubo one white
bundle and one black bundle. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 29 lines 6-7.

He then took out the white bundle that he had earlier placed in his haversack
(exhibit D1) (see [19] above) and passed it to Okubo. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 29 lines 13-14.

The accused then got out of the car and went back to where his motorcycle was
parked. He further retrieved another black bundle (which was the composite
black bundle comprising the two black bundles marked as exhibits E1A and E1B
respectively (see [16] above)) from the motorcycle box, rode the motorcycle
over to where Okubo’s car was parked, and tossed it into the car. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 32 lines 18-24.

All this was done on the instructions of Dinesh. Okubo then drove off in his
car. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 33 line 16, AB p 161.

25 Dinesh then told the accused to go back to the location where he had met
with Seet. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 34 lines 3 and 9-10.

While on the way there, the accused was arrested by CNB officers. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 34 lines 15-17.

The CNB officers found five blue bundles (the Bundles) and one remaining black
bundle (exhibit A1) in the motorcycle box (see [16] above). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 37 lines 25-28.

26 The accused’s case is that he had acted on the instructions of Dinesh to
deliver the relevant bundles to Seet and Okubo. He was waiting for
instructions from Dinesh as to where and to whom he should deliver the
remaining bundles in his motorcycle box (which included the Bundles). It may
be the case that he had to bring those bundles back to Malaysia to be returned
to Dinesh. It all depended on what Dinesh’s instructions were. The accused
also claims that he did not know that the Bundles contained methamphetamine.
He was told by Dinesh that they were “shisha” (as were the rest of the
bundles) and he believed that to be true.

The issues

27 In order to make out the charge of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s
5(2) of the MDA, it is well-established law that the Prosecution must prove
that the accused (see Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and
other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at [59]):

(a) was in possession of a controlled drug, which may be proved or presumed
pursuant to ss 18(1) or 18(4) of the MDA;

(b) had knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug, which may be proved or
presumed pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA; and

(c) possessed the controlled drug for the purpose of trafficking which was not
authorised, which may either be proved or presumed pursuant to s 17 of the
MDA.

28 From the Prosecution’s and the Defence’s cases, it is common ground that
element of the charge set out at [27(a)] above is not in dispute. The accused
accepts that he was in possession of the Bundles, which were in his motorcycle
box, at the time of his arrest. The accused also does not challenge the fact
that he had “knowing possession” (see Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor
[2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”) at [31]-[34]) of the Bundles, in that he knew that
the Bundles were placed in his motorcycle box by Dinesh, who had asked him to
take them into Singapore for delivery to persons there.

29 It is clear to me that the central issue in dispute between the parties is
in relation to the element of the charge set out at [27(b)] above. That issue
is whether the accused knew that the Bundles in his possession contained
methamphetamine. In this regard, the Prosecution’s case is that (a) the
accused had actual knowledge that the Bundles contained methamphetamine; or,
alternatively, (b) he has failed to rebut the presumption of knowledge in s
18(2) of the MDA; or, in the further alternative, (c) he was wilfully blind to
the nature of what was contained in the Bundles. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

POA at para 22.

30 A person “knows” a certain fact if he is aware that it exists or is almost
certain that it exists or will exist or occur; actual knowledge therefore
entails a high degree of certainty (Public Prosecutor v Koo Pui Fong [1996] 1
SLR(R) 734 at [14]). However, short of a clear admission of knowledge on the
part of the accused person (which will, in the nature of things, be extremely
rare), inferences drawn from the precise facts and circumstances of the case
are the only material available to the court to ascertain whether or not
actual knowledge exists (Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1
(“Tan Kiam Peng”) at [104]).

31 Given the limited material on which the court can make a finding of actual
knowledge, as well as the fact that accused persons are hardly likely to admit
to knowledge or can easily disavow such knowledge even if it existed, the
Prosecution would often face practical difficulties in discharging its burden
of proof on actual knowledge (see Tan Kiam Peng at [104]). The presumption of
knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA therefore works to mitigate these difficulties
(see Tan Kiam Peng at [54]). Pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA, which applies in
this case because it is accepted that the accused has been “prove[n] … to have
had a controlled drug in his possession” (see [28] above), the accused is
presumed to have known the nature of that controlled drug found in his
possession. As mentioned earlier, the Prosecution relies on this presumption
in the alternative to establish that the accused knew that the Bundles
contained methamphetamine. As such, one of the key questions before the court
is whether the accused has rebutted that presumption of knowledge as to the
nature of the contents of the Bundles. To rebut the presumption of knowledge,
the burden is on the accused to establish on a balance of probabilities that
he did not know the nature of the drugs in his possession (see Gobi a/l
Avedian v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 180 (“Gobi”) at [57] and [65]).

32 As for the term “wilful blindness”, it is important to bear in mind that it
can be used in two distinct senses (see Adili ([28] above) at [44]). The first
may be described as the “evidential sense” of the term, that is, where the
accused person’s suspicion and deliberate refusal to inquire are treated as
evidence which, together with all the other relevant evidence, might sustain a
factual finding or inference that the accused person had actual knowledge of
the fact in question (see Adili at [45]). In other words, when wilful
blindness is referred to in this sense, it is nothing more than a convenient
shorthand for an inference that the accused actually did know the truth (see
Adili at [45]-[46]). However, there is also an “extended conception” of wilful
blindness, which describes a mental state that falls short of actual knowledge
but nevertheless is held to satisfy the mens rea of knowledge because it is
the legal equivalent of actual knowledge (see Adili at [47]; Gobi at [54]). It
describes the state of mind of an accused person who does not in fact know the
true position but sufficiently suspects what it is and deliberately refuses to
investigate in order to avoid confirmation of his suspicions, and so he is
treated as though he did know what the true position was (see Adili at [47]
and [48]).

33 I now turn to consider the Prosecution’s case on knowledge to identify the
issues which are thrown up for this court’s determination. I start with its
second alternative case that the accused was wilfully blind as to the nature
of the contents of the Bundles. In that regard, the Prosecution relies on the
extended conception of wilful blindness. This may be gleaned from the
following questions which the Prosecution put to the accused (in respect of
its alternative case on wilful blindness) towards to the conclusion of its
cross-examination: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript, 10 Sep 2021, p 94 lines 31-32, p 95 lines 14-20.

DPP: Now, I put to you that even if you did not know that [the Bundles]
contained drugs, you had a clear suspicion that [the Bundles] contained drugs.

…

DPP: … even if you did not know that [the Bundles] contained drugs, you had
reasonable means of finding out what was in [the Bundles].

…

DPP: … even if you did not know that [the Bundles] contained drugs, you
deliberately refused to find out what was in [the Bundles] for fear of
confirming your suspicion so that you may avoid getting into legal trouble.

[emphasis added]

34 In attempting to prove that the accused was wilfully blind to the nature of
what was contained in the Bundles, the Prosecution cannot invoke the
presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA to presume that the accused was wilfully
blind to the nature of the drugs in his possession. This is because, as
explained by the Court of Appeal in Gobi, knowledge that is presumed under s
18(2) of the MDA is confined to actual knowledge of the nature of the drugs in
the accused person’s possession and does not encompass knowledge of matters to
which the accused is said to be wilfully blind, which is a state of mind
falling short of, but is nevertheless treated as the legal equivalent of,
actual knowledge (at [56]).

35 In Gobi ([31] above), the Court of Appeal, without expressing a conclusive
view, stated that it may be possible in principle for the Prosecution to run
alternative cases of actual knowledge and wilful blindness, subject to there
being no prejudice to the accused person (at [55]). One instance of prejudice
contemplated by the Court of Appeal in Gobi is where the accused person is
placed in the position of having to run a potentially inconsistent defence in
an attempt to address allegations of both actual knowledge and wilful
blindness (at [55]). Given the Court of Appeal’s observations in Gobi, I say
no more about whether it had been permissible for the Prosecution to run the
case which they had advanced, and it suffices to say that I was satisfied that
there had been no prejudice to the accused in this case. The accused’s defence
is that he had been told by Dinesh that the bundles placed in his motorcycle
box (which included the Bundles) were “shisha” and he believed that to be true
(see [26] above). In other words, his defence is based on what he thought the
Bundles were. This state of knowledge or belief which the accused asserts is
consistent with him claiming to have no actual knowledge that the Bundles
contained methamphetamine, and also consistent with his claim that he believed
that the Bundles contained “shisha” and so he could not have had any grounds
to think that they contained anything else. There was therefore no prejudice
occasioned to the accused as he can attempt to refute the Prosecution’s cases
on actual knowledge and wilful blindness on a single and consistent defence.

36 Returning to the Prosecution’s case on actual knowledge, it contends that
the evidence demonstrated the following, which it says supports its case that
the accused knew that the Bundles contained methamphetamine: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS at para 46.

(a) the accused’s claim that he believed that he was carrying “shisha” was a
blatant lie;

(b) the accused knew that the Bundles were of substantial value and thus could
not be “shisha”;

(c) the accused had delivered drugs for Dinesh on five occasions prior to his
arrest on 16 April 2018 for substantial monetary reward; and

(d) the surreptitious circumstances under which the accused delivered the
bundles were such that he must have known the nature of what was contained in
the Bundles.

37 In Saravanan Chandaram v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2020] 2 SLR
95, the Court of Appeal emphasised that the Prosecution cannot rely on the
Defence’s failure to prove an accused person’s ignorance of a relevant fact
(namely, that he did not know that the items found in his possession were
drugs of a specific nature) to contend that the Prosecution has discharged its
burden to prove the accused’s person knowledge of that fact (namely, that the
accused knew that the items found in his possession were drugs of that
specific nature) because that would have the impermissible effect of shifting
the burden of proof (at [29]). In other words, the Prosecution should not rely
on contentions which more properly go towards establishing the accused’s
failure to rebut the presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA to make
out a case based on the accused’s actual knowledge.

38 In this case, the Prosecution’s submissions on actual knowledge appear to
be more of a contention that the accused’s claim that he believed the Bundles
(or bundles) to be “shisha” should not be believed. That is self-evident with
respect to the arguments at [36(a)] and [36(b)]. With respect to the argument
at [36(c)], the import of the Prosecution’s contention is that, because the
accused had delivered drugs (of a non-specific nature) on previous occasions
for Dinesh and in exchange for which the accused had received substantial
monetary reward, his claim that Dinesh asked him to deliver “shisha” (instead
of drugs) on 16 April 2018 should be disbelieved. Finally, for the argument at
[36(d)], the Prosecution’s contention appears to be that those surreptitious
circumstances would have alerted the accused that he was involved in gravely
unlawful transactions on 16 April 2018, and so he would have known that the
bundles contained something other than “shisha”. In this regard, I add that
the Prosecution cannot seriously contend that the accused would have known
from those circumstances alone that the Bundles contained methamphetamine; the
bundles that had been placed into the accused’s motorcycle box by Dinesh on 16
April 2018 (which the accused claims were “shisha” and of which the Bundles
were part) comprised cannabis and diamorphine as well (they were found in the
bundles which the accused delivered to Seet and/or Okubo). At best, the
surreptitious circumstances can only suggest that the accused knew that the
bundles contained controlled drugs, and that was a state of knowledge
inconsistent with his asserted belief at the material time that the bundles
were merely “shisha”. I thus find that the Prosecution’s submissions are
directed at establishing deficiencies in the accused’s claim that he believed
the bundles to be “shisha”. In my judgment, these submissions are more
properly analysed in considering if the accused has rebutted the presumption
of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, and I therefore proceed on this basis.
I should add that this course occasions no prejudice to the Prosecution
because its case also enlists the assistance of the presumption of knowledge
in s 18(2) of the MDA. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript, 31 Jan 2022, p 19 lines 6-14.

39 As for the element of the charge set out at [27(c)] above, s 2(1) of the
MDA defines “traffic” as meaning to sell, transport or deliver. It is for the
Prosecution to prove that the accused possessed the Bundles for one or more of
these acts which constitute trafficking under the MDA. In most cases, short of
an admission from the accused, the Prosecution will have to prove that an
accused person possessed the drugs for the purpose of trafficking from all the
circumstances of the case. For instance, it can invite the court to draw such
an inference based on the quantity of controlled drugs in the possession of
the accused (see Mohammad Rizwan bin Akbar Husain v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal and other matters [2020] SGCA 45 (“Rizwan”) at [80]-[81]). In
Rizwan, the Court of Appeal considered such an inference justified based on
the sheer quantity of the drugs, which weighed more than 25 pounds and
contained 301.6g of diamorphine, more than 20 times the quantity of 15g that
would attract the death penalty under the MDA (at [80]).

40 To prove that the accused possessed the controlled drug for the purpose of
trafficking in this case, the Prosecution in this case cannot rely on s 17(h)
of the MDA, which provides that a person “who is proved to have had in his …
possession more than 25 grammes of methamphetamine ... shall be presumed to
have had that drug in possession for the purpose of trafficking”. This is
because the Prosecution is already relying on the presumption in s 18(2) of
the MDA in this case to establish that the accused had actual knowledge that
the Bundles contained methamphetamine. As the Court of Appeal explained in
Zainal bin Hamad v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 1119
(“Zainal”), the presumption in s 17 of the MDA may only be invoked where the
fact of possession, as well as the fact of knowledge of the nature of the item
that is in the possession of an accused person, are proven by the Prosecution
(at [38] and [47]). Although the wording of s 17 states that the presumption
of trafficking therein can be invoked where the fact of possession is proved,
a person cannot be found to be trafficking without knowledge of the nature of
the drugs in question. Yet, s 17 does not contemplate the proof of the latter
element before it may be invoked. A purposive interpretation of s 17 therefore
means that the premise upon which the s 17 presumption may be invoked must
extend to both the fact of physical possession and the element of knowledge
(see Zainal at [46]-[50]). It follows that the presumption in s 17 of the MDA
cannot be invoked alongside the presumptions in s 18 of the MDA (including the
presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA); where it is necessary for the
Prosecution to rely on either or both of the presumptions in s 18 of the MDA,
it must follow that the fact of possession and/or knowledge has not been
proven and the premise for invoking s 17 of the MDA has not been satisfied
(see Zainal at [49]; Rizwan at [81]; Ramesh a/l Perumal v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1003 (“Ramesh”) at [58]).

41 In any event, the Prosecution does not seek to rely on the presumption in s
17(h) of the MDA to prove that the accused was in possession of the Bundles
for the purpose of trafficking. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript, 31 Jan 2022, p 22 lines 12-13.

The Prosecution’s case is that the accused had admitted in his statements that
he had brought in the Bundles into Singapore to be delivered to persons in
Singapore, on the instructions of Dinesh. In fact, the Prosecution says that
the accused had admitted that he was waiting for the instructions of Dinesh as
to where and to whom he should deliver the Bundles at the time when he was
arrested. This is not accepted by the Defence, who takes the position that the
accused might well have been asked by Dinesh to bring the Bundles back to
Malaysia to be returned to Dinesh himself, and hence there is a reasonable
doubt that the accused was in possession of the Bundles for the purposes of
trafficking.

42 For completeness, I should add that there is no question that
methamphetamine is a controlled drug under the MDA, and also that the accused
was not authorised under the MDA to have in his possession the methamphetamine
that was contained in the Bundles.

43 Give the abovementioned positions taken by the Prosecution and the Defence,
the issues that I have to decide are therefore:

(a) whether the accused has rebutted the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA
that he had actual knowledge that the Bundles contained methamphetamine;

(b) if the answer to (a) is “no”, whether the accused was wilfully blind to
the contents of the Bundles; and

(c) if the answer to either (a) or (b) is “yes”, whether the accused was in
possession of the Bundles for the purpose of trafficking.

It is to these issues that I now turn.

Whether the accused has rebutted the presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) of
the MDA

44 To rebut the presumption of knowledge, the burden is on the accused to show
on a balance of probabilities that he did not know the nature of what was
contained in the Bundles (see [31] above). The applicable principles were
distilled by the Court of Appeal in Gobi ([31] above) as follows (at [57]-[61]
and [64]-[65]):

(a) The starting point is for the accused person to give an account of what he
thought or believed the thing in his possession was. Whether the presumption
of knowledge has been rebutted involves a subjective inquiry into the accused
person’s state of mind or knowledge. The court will assess the veracity of the
accused person’s assertion as to his subjective state of mind against the
objective facts and examine his actions and conduct relating to the item in
question in coming to a conclusion on the credibility of his assertion.

(b) It is incumbent on the accused person to adduce sufficient evidence
disclosing the basis upon which he claims to have arrived at that subjective
state of mind. It is however not necessary for the accused person to establish
that he held a firm belief as to, or actually knew, what the thing in his
possession specifically was; the inquiry is whether the accused person did not
in fact know that the thing in question was the specific drug in his
possession.

(c) The presumption of knowledge will be rebutted where the court accepts that
the accused person formed a positive belief that was incompatible with the
knowledge that the thing which he was carrying was the specific drug in his
possession. However, the accused person need not establish a positive state of
knowledge as to the contents of the items found in his possession. Instead, he
is only required to establish a negative, namely, that he did not believe that
the items in his possession were drugs of the particular nature.

(d) It will not suffice for the accused person to simply claim that he did not
know what he was carrying, or if he had been “indifferent” about what the
thing in his possession was (namely, where he was in a position to verify or
ascertain the nature of what he was carrying but chose not to do so). In those
circumstances, the accused person cannot rebut the presumption of knowledge
because he cannot be said to have formed any view as to what the thing in his
possession is or is not.

45 As I have stated earlier, I found the submissions relied on by the
Prosecution for its case on actual knowledge to be aimed at establishing
deficiencies in the accused’s claim that he believed the Bundles to be
“shisha” and hence I consider them to be more relevant to the issue of whether
the accused has rebutted the presumption of knowledge (see [38] above). These
submissions throw up the following issues for consideration:

(a) whether it is credible that the accused believed that he was carrying
“shisha”;

(b) whether the accused knew that the Bundles were of substantial value and
thus could not be “shisha”;

(c) whether the accused had delivered drugs for Dinesh on other occasions
prior to his arrest on 16 April 2018; and

(d) whether the surreptitious circumstances under which the accused delivered
the bundles were such that he must have known that the Bundles contained drugs
and not “shisha”.

I will deal with these issues in turn.

The evidence

The accused’s belief that he was carrying “shisha”

46 The Defence submits that the accused honestly held the belief that all the
bundles (of which the Bundles were part) that had been placed by Dinesh in his
motorcycle box contained “shisha”. This is premised on what the accused says
he was told when he phoned Dinesh after finding the bundles in this motorcycle
box in the early hours of 16 April 2018 (see [17] above). The accused felt
assured when Dinesh told him that at most, if he was caught with the bundles,
he would just get a fine for illegally bringing “shisha” into Singapore. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 57 lines 16-29.

Dinesh also told the accused that he (Dinesh) would pay the fine, and that the
accused did not have to be worried. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 61 lines 7-18.

47 The accused also said that, when he opened the motorcycle box, there was a
pleasant smell that reminded him of fruits. He also said that he sniffed one
of the Bundles and they smelt pleasant. So, all this was consistent with what
Dinesh was telling him over the phone. That the accused believed what Dinesh
said, the Defence argues, can be seen by the fact that he made no attempt to
conceal the bundles that were in the motorcycle box. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, 31 Jan 2022, p 23 lines 16-18.

They were just placed below the raincoat that Dinesh had also passed him. If
there was a check, the bundles would be discovered by just opening the
motorcycle box and lifting up the raincoat.

48 I find that the accused’s claim that he believed that the bundles in his
possession contained “shisha” somewhat difficult to accept. If that is what he
truly believed, it is not clear to me why the accused did not say this in his
contemporaneous statement which was recorded shortly after he was arrested, at
around 6.30pm on 16 April 2018. In that statement, which was recorded by Staff
Sergeant Muhammad Fardlie Bin Ramlie (“SSgt Fardlie”), the accused said “I do
not know” when SSgt Fardlie pointed to the Bundles and asked him “[w]hat is
this?”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AB at p 94.

Further, the contemporaneous statement was recorded shortly after the accused
had been served with the mandatory death penalty notification by SSgt Fardlie
(at about 5.18pm). 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AB at p 87.

The accused would have appreciated the seriousness of the situation he was in
by the time the contemporaneous statement came to be recorded. It would
therefore have been the most natural thing for the accused to have answered
SSgt Fardlie’s question by saying that he was told that the Bundles were
“shisha”, if that was indeed what he had been told by Dinesh. After all, in
that same statement, the accused had identified Dinesh (which had been spelt
as “Dinish” by SSgt Fardlie) as the person who was giving him instructions as
to where he should deliver those bundles that were found in his motorcycle box
at the time of his arrest. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AB at p 94.

It follows from this that one would expect that the accused would also tell
SSgt Fardlie that Dinesh told him that the bundles contained “shisha” if that
was indeed what Dinesh had told him.

49 Even if the accused did not appreciate the gravity of the situation at the
time of the recording of the contemporaneous statement, that surely cannot be
said of when the first of the accused’s two long statements was recorded under
s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) on 20
April 2018 at around 2.55pm. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AB at pp 156-162.

By that time, the accused would have known, contrary to Dinesh’s assurance,
that the Bundles did not contain “shisha” and that he was possibly facing a
serious charge as a result of being in possession of the Bundles at the time
of his arrest. However, in the first long statement recorded on 20 April 2018,
the accused also made no mention that he believed that the Bundles contained
“shisha”.

50 In that statement, the accused described his discussion with Dinesh in some
detail after he had discovered that many bundles had been placed by Dinesh in
the motorcycle box. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB at p 158.

There are two points in particular to note here. First, the accused stated
that he “did not take up the bundles to see or check because it did not occur
to [him] to check”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB at pp 157-158.

That contradicts the accused’s evidence in court that he sniffed one of the
Bundles (see [18] above), which is a point that I will come to later in this
judgment (see [57] below). Second, the accused stated that he had called
Dinesh immediately to ask him about the bundles. Specifically, he stated that
he had asked Dinesh “if the things will cause me to be arrested”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB at p 158.

Dinesh’s reply, as recorded in the first long statement, is that the bundles
were not “illegal”, and that the accused would not be arrested. Dinesh also
told the accused that “he would not give [him] the things to deliver so openly
if they were illegal”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AB at p 158.

Similarly, as in the case of the contemporaneous statement, there was also no
mention in the first long statement of the fact that Dinesh had told the
accused that the bundles were “shisha”. The accused’s account in his first
long statement is also somewhat inconsistent with his evidence in court, which
is that Dinesh had told him that the bundles were contraband items, and which
would attract a fine if he were caught in Singapore with them (see [46]
above). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript, 8 Sep 2021, p 57 lines 16-29.

51 I find it quite inexplicable that the accused would not have mentioned that
Dinesh had told him that the bundles were “shisha” in the first long
statement, if it was indeed true that Dinesh had told him that. After all, he
was explaining to the Investigation Officer, Inspector Yeo Wee Beng (“IO Yeo”)
what precisely he had been told by Dinesh about the bundles. If Dinesh had
indeed told the accused that the bundles were “shisha”, then having been told
that they were not, and coupled with the severity of the penalty that he might
face as a result of being in possession of those bundles, the most natural
thing would have been for the accused to give an account of what he had been
informed by Dinesh about the bundles. Quite the contrary, the accused’s
explanation in that statement was that he did not know what was inside the
bundles because Dinesh never told him about their contents, save that they
were not “illegal” and would not get him arrested.

52 IO Yeo recorded another long statement from the accused on 21 April 2018 at
about 3.40pm. Again, in this second long statement, the accused made no
mention that Dinesh had told him that the bundles contained “shisha”, or that
Dinesh had asked him to deliver “shisha” to persons in Singapore. Instead, the
accused stated that he did not know what was contained in the bundles. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

AB at p 171.

He repeated what he had said in his first long statement, namely, that all the
bundles were placed in the motorcycle box by Dinesh, and that he did not check
the bundles because he trusted Dinesh. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB at p 171.

53 The accused did not challenge the admissibility of his long statements
under s 258(1) of the CPC. He accepted that they were voluntarily given. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at para 18.

While he did challenge his contemporaneous statement as being involuntary
because of an alleged threat, I had found, after an ancillary hearing, that
there was no basis for his allegation of a threat, and that his
contemporaneous statement was voluntarily given (see [99]-[105] below).

54 I find that the accused’s evidence in court that he believed that the
bundles (which included the Bundles) contained “shisha” is not credible
because, if it were indeed true that this is what Dinesh had told him, it
would have been mentioned in his contemporaneous statement, or at the latest,
in the second of his two long statements. I find that the accused’s claim that
Dinesh told him that the bundles contained “shisha flavour” was an
afterthought that first emerged in the accused’s cautioned statement of 12
November 2018 in relation to the Charge, which was recorded under s 23 of the
CPC almost six months after his arrest. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Exhibit P79.

In my view, this claim that Dinesh had told him that the bundles were “shisha”
was then embellished upon in the accused’s evidence in court.

55 A court is not always entitled to draw an adverse inference against an
accused person for his failure to disclose a material fact in his long
statements because an accused person is allowed by s 22(2) of the CPC to
withhold mentioning any fact or circumstance which, if disclosed, may
incriminate him (see Public Prosecutor v Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015]
SGCA 33 at [57]). However, if the fact or circumstance that is withheld will
exculpate the accused person from an offence, a court may justifiably infer
that it is an afterthought and untrue, unless the court is persuaded that
there are good reasons for his omission to mention it earlier (see Ilechukwu
Uchechukwu Chukwudi v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 67 at [152]). An
exculpatory fact or circumstance also has more credibility if it was disclosed
to an investigating officer at the earliest opportunity after arrest (Kwek
Seow Hock v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 157 at [19]).

56 In this case, by the time the contemporaneous statement and the long
statements came to be recorded, the accused knew that he was facing a serious
charge of trafficking that carries the death penalty as a result of his
possession of the Bundles at the time of his arrest. The accused’s account
about having been told by Dinesh that the bundles (which included the Bundles)
were merely “shisha” was a fact that stood to exculpate him from that serious
charge. Yet, the accused omitted to mention it either in the contemporaneous
statement or in his long statements. Further, the account which the accused
provided in his long statements, namely, that Dinesh never told him, and so he
did not know, what the Bundles contained, was inconsistent with this
exculpatory fact. The Defence was not able to point to any sensible
explanation in the evidence for the accused’s failure to mention this
exculpatory fact in his statements and why the account which the accused did
provide in those statements contradicted the exculpatory fact that he now
seeks to rely on. Given the circumstances, the accused’s evidence about being
told by Dinesh that the bundles were “shisha” must be rejected.

57 I must add that the same difficulty afflicts the accused’s evidence in
court that there had been a pleasant smell when he opened the motorcycle box
in the early hours of 16 April 2018 after Dinesh had placed the raincoat and
the bundles in his motorcycle box, and that one of the Bundles smelt like
“fruit” when he picked it up and sniffed it (see [18] above). In my view, the
accused came up with the story that the bundles gave off a pleasant smell when
he checked them so as to make his account that Dinesh had told him that the
bundles contained “shisha” appear more believable. This crucial detail was
similarly an exculpatory fact because it would suggest that the accused
thought or believed the Bundles to be something other than methamphetamine,
and lend weight to his claim that they were “shisha”. Yet, it was not
mentioned at all in his contemporaneous statement and long statements. The
accused only mentioned this for the first time in his cautioned statement of
12 November 2018, where he stated that he sniffed one of the Bundles, and they
had a pleasant smell. Again, the Defence was not able to offer any credible
explanation for why the accused had not mentioned this exculpatory fact
earlier. Further, this detail was also contradicted by the account which the
accused gave in his long statements, namely, that he did not handle or check
the bundles at all because it never occurred to him to do so (see [50] above).
As such, I did not accept the accused’s evidence that he smelt the Bundles. On
the contrary, I find that the account put forth by the accused in the
accused’s first long statement of 20 April 2018 is more likely to be the truth
(namely, that he did not handle or check the bundles at all). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB at p 158.

The accused repeated this in his second long statement of 21 April 2018 where
he stated quite unequivocally that he “did not check” the bundles because he
trusted Dinesh. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AB at p 171.

58 I should add that there is another aspect of the accused’s evidence about
believing the bundles were “shisha” which does not withstand scrutiny. His
evidence in court was that he was “scared” when Dinesh had told him that the
bundles left in the motorcycle box and which he was to deliver to persons in
Singapore contained “shisha” (see [18] above). However, the accused said he
felt assured when Dinesh told him that, even if he was caught with the bundles
of “shisha”, all he would face is a fine, and that Dinesh would pay the fine
for him (see [46] above). In other words, his evidence is that he believed
Dinesh that the bundles were only “shisha”. If all this were true, the accused
would have perceived the bundles as being relatively innocuous, and would not
have had any reason for withholding his account about the bundles being
“shisha” from the recorders of his contemporaneous statement and long
statements. As such, on the accused’s own evidence, there can be no credible
explanation for his failure to mention the bundles being “shisha” at the
earliest instance possible. Further, if it indeed had been the accused’s
belief and understanding that he would merely get a fine for carrying the
bundles, he would have been in a state of grave alarm when he was informed of
potentially facing the death penalty for being found in possession of those
bundles recovered from his motorcycle box on his arrest. That makes his
failure to mention the bundles being “shisha” as Dinesh had told him all the
more incomprehensible. The only logical inference that the court can draw is
that the accused’s evidence about being told that the bundles (which included
the Bundles) were “shisha” was an afterthought concocted as a defence to the
Charge.

The accused’s knowledge that the Bundles were of substantial value

59 The accused’s evidence in court is that he had been instructed by Dinesh to
deliver these bundles of “shisha” to various persons in Singapore (see [17]
above). In addition to that, Dinesh had also instructed him to collect moneys
from various persons in Singapore because Dinesh was a loan shark, and
presumably these persons owed moneys to Dinesh (see [17] above). In the case
of Okubo and Seet, the accused’s evidence is that he did not count the moneys
that were handed over by them (see [21] and [23] above). The Defence argues
that the accused thus did not know that this was a transaction for the sale of
the bundles, ie, he did not know that the moneys he received from Okubo and
Seet were in exchange for the bundles. All the accused thought was that he was
collecting moneys that were owed to Dinesh, while at the same time, delivering
certain bundles to Okubo and Seet, as instructed by Dinesh.

60 I find the accused’s evidence in this regard to be rather tenuous. This is
for several reasons. First, there is an inherent implausibility that the
accused would not have made a connection between the bundles he was handing
over and the moneys he was receiving, and thus realise that he was delivering
the bundles in exchange for the moneys he was receiving from Okubo and Seet.
That, in my view, would have been obvious to any person in the position of the
accused. It was especially so in the case of the delivery to Okubo, where
Dinesh had instructed the accused to hand over the bundles to Okubo only after
the accused’s confirmation that he had collected the moneys from Okubo (see
[23]-[24] above).

61 Second, the accused’s evidence that Dinesh had also given him the task of
collecting moneys from persons in Singapore on 16 April 2018 because of his
loan shark business was never mentioned at all in the accused’s two long
statements (see [49] and [52] above) when he described his dealings with Okubo
and Seet on 16 April 2018. There was no mention by the accused that he thought
that the moneys he collected from Okubo or Seet were moneys owed by them to
Dinesh, which he had been asked to collect on behalf of Dinesh. In fact, in
his first long statement, the accused recounted in some detail his encounters
with both Seet and Okubo, but he did not say that he was collecting moneys
from them for Dinesh’s loan shark business. Instead, he describes how in each
case, moneys were handed over to him before he parted with possession of the
bundles. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AB at pp 159-160.

62 Third, the accused’s evidence, namely, that he did not perceive the moneys
which Okubo and Seet passed to him as being given in exchange for the bundles
delivered to them, is contradicted by the evidence from Okubo and Seet. In
their investigation statements recorded under s 22 of the CPC, both Okubo and
Seet stated that the accused had counted the moneys that they handed over,
before he handed over the bundles to them. Okubo stated that, after the
accused got into the rear passenger seat in this car, he handed over a sum of
money to the accused, who counted it. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Exhibit P89.

It is not in dispute that this was the sum of $7,300 cash found on the accused
on his arrest (exhibit B1A) and which the accused identified in his second
long statement as having been handed over to him by Okubo. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AB at p 167.

According to Okubo, after this was done, the accused took out a bundle and
placed it in the rear passenger seat. The accused then exited the car,
returned to his motorcycle and parked behind the car. The accused signalled
for Okubo to move the car forward (so that he could ride his motorcycle into
the area between the car and the kerb) and to lower the rear passenger window,
before he threw some bundles into the car. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Exhibit P89.

The accused himself also gave evidence that he passed two bundles to Okubo,
first by leaving one white bundle in the car, and then later tossing into
Okubo’s car the composite black bundle through the rear passenger seat window
(see [16] and [24] above). Seet stated that, when he met with the accused, he
had handed over about $2,500 to the accused. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Exhibit P92.

Thereafter, the accused counted the money, while Seet waited. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Exhibit P91.

Once this was done, the accused handed over to Seet a black bundle.

63 The Prosecution relies on Okubo’s and Seet’s statements to argue that the
accused knew very well that the bundles were being given in exchange for the
moneys. Thus, the Prosecution submits that the accused knew that this was a
transaction involving the sale of the bundles, and the accused knew that the
bundles were of “high value”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS at para 55.

After all, the accused counted the moneys before handing over the respective
bundles to Seet and Okubo. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 55.

64 The Defence attacks the Prosecution’s reliance on the statements of Okubo
and Seet. They argue that both Okubo and Seet had been called as Prosecution
witnesses and both of them had given unreliable evidence. Okubo had given
testimony to the effect that he could not remember many details of the events
on the day of his arrest, given that his arrest was two-and-a-half years ago
(see [69] below). Seet’s evidence in court was that he could not remember
anything about the events on the day of his arrest because he is now under
medication (see [70] below). Some preliminary issues which I had to deal with
in connection with this point is whether Okubo’s and Seet’s credit ought to be
impeached by virtue of their former inconsistent statements, and whether those
statements were to be admitted as their evidence in court, and if so, the
weight to be attached those statements. It is to these issues that I first
turn.

(1) The impeachment of Okubo’s and Seet’s credit by their former inconsistent
statements

65 Section 157(c) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”)
provides that the credit of a witness may be impeached by proof of former
statements inconsistent with any part of his evidence which is liable to be
contradicted. The “credit” of a witness refers to his character and moral
reliability, as distinguished from his “credibility”, which in turn refers to
his mental capacity and power to be a witness of veracity (see Kwang Boon
Keong Peter v Public Prosecutor [1998] 2 SLR(R) 211 (“Kwang Boon Keong”) at
[18]). The credit or discredit of a witness relates to his credibility, and so
to impeach a witness’s credit is to disparage or undermine his character and
moral reliability and worth, in order to undermine his credibility by showing
that his testimony in court should not be believed because he is of such a
character and moral make-up that he is one who is incapable of speaking the
whole truth under oath and should not be relied on (Kwang Boon Keong at [19]).

66 The procedure for the proof of the former inconsistent statement by which
the witness’s credit is to be impeached pursuant to s 157(c) of the Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”) is found in s 147 of the EA. The relevant
provisions in s 147 of the EA reads:

147.—(1) A witness may be cross-examined as to previous statements made by him
in writing or reduced into writing, and relevant to matters in question in in
the suit or proceeding in which he is cross-examined; but if it is intended to
contradict him by the writing, his attention must, before the writing can be
proved, be called to those parts of it which are to be used for the purpose of
contradicting him.

(2) If a witness, upon cross-examination as to a previous oral statement made
by him relevant to matters in question in the suit or proceeding in which he
is cross-examined and inconsistent with his present testimony, does not
distinctly admit that he made such statement, proof may be given that he did
in fact make it; but before such proof can be given, the circumstances of the
supposed statement, sufficient to designate the particular occasion, must be
mentioned to the witness, and he must be asked whether or not he made such
statement.

(3) Where in any proceedings a previous inconsistent or contradictory
statement made by a person called as a witness in those proceedings is proved
by virtue of this section, that statement shall by virtue of this subsection
be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of which direct oral
evidence by him would be admissible.

67 Section 147(1) of the EA provides for a witness to be cross-examined as to
his previous statements in writing for the purposes of impeaching his credit.
It is invoked where the court is of the opinion that the difference in the
witness’s former statement and his testimony is so serious or material as
probably to amount to a discrepancy affecting his credit (Kwang Boon Keong at
[21]). The witness is then asked whether he made the alleged statement. If the
witness denies having made it, then the statement must be proved pursuant to s
147(2) of the EA. After the witness is proved to have made the statement (or
if he admits to making it), the two conflicting versions must be carefully
explained to him, and the witness must have a fair and full opportunity to
explain the difference. If the witness’s explanation is satisfactory, then his
credit is saved, though there may be some doubt as to the accuracy of his
memory. If the witness is unable to provide a satisfactory explanation, then
he will be impeached (see Kwang Boon Keong at [21]). By virtue of s 147(3) of
the EA, in addition to the impeachment of the witness’s credit, the witness’s
former inconsistent statement shall also be admissible as evidence of any fact
stated therein (see Kwang Boon Keong at [22]).

68 The Defence argues that the Prosecution has not established that Okubo and
Seet had deliberately lied when they testified in court that they could not
remember the events on the day of their arrest (16 April 2018), and hence the
court should not allow their previous statements to be admitted in order to
impeach their credit. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 33.

Further, the Defence argues that statements of Okubo and Seet are not reliable
and accurate because there is no evidence to show the circumstances under
which Okubo and Seet gave their statements. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

DCS at paras 26 and 28.

Following from this, the Defence argues that the court also cannot be certain
whether Okubo and Seet gave their statements voluntarily.

69 From my review of the evidence of both Okubo and Seet, and more
significantly, how they gave their oral testimony in court, there is no doubt
in my mind that both these witnesses had come to court with the intent of
trying to feign ignorance or loss of memory as to the events on the day of
their arrest. Both of them have been imprisoned for drug offences relating to
the bundles which they took delivery from the accused, and they showed obvious
discomfort at being called as Prosecution witnesses in the trial of a capital
offence against the accused. In the case of Okubo, he started off with his
evidence by declaring that he did not want to testify, and he does not recall
the incident with the accused that took place on the day of his arrest. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 15 Oct 2020, p 2 lines 17-33, p 3 lines 1-4.

Q: Yes, Mr [Okubo], I’m going to ask you a series of questions.

A: I---I don’t wish to testify.

Q: Yes. But---well, I’ll just ask you a series of questions then you can give
me your answer. Okay?

A: I don’t wish to---Sir, I don’t want to testify.

Q: And can I know why you do not want to testify?

A: I don’t really recall the incident.

Q: Yes. You mean the incident on the 16th of April 2018?

A: Yes.

Q: Yes. Those were the so---the events which led up to your arrest?

A: Yes. Yes.

Q: Yes. As---when you say you don’t really recall, what do you mean? What do
you mean you don’t really recall?

A: No, I just don’t really remember. It’s been 2 years and a half. I---it’s
quite a blur.

Q: Yes. Now, the---you have given the police your statements.

A: Yes.

Q: Yes. Do you want to take a look at them and refresh your memory and see
whether or not you recall what you told to the police in relation to the
events on the 16th of April 2018?

A: I---even though if I read my statement, I still don’t want to testify.

70 In the case of Seet, his constant refrain to almost all of the questions
posed to him was either that he does not know, or that he cannot remember.
While he admitted that he had heroin in his possession at the time of his
arrest, he claimed that he could not remember how he got the heroin. In other
examples, Seet claimed that he could not remember why he was arrested and said
that he did not know why he was in prison, if he had a sister by the name of
“Lily”, his own identity card number, his age, his date of birth, or what his
own signature looked like. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript, 31 Aug 2021, p 73 lines 19-29, p 75 lines 2-13, p 77 line 32, p 78
lines 1-2 and 6-10, p 79 lines 10-22 and 24, p 80 lines 1-4, 7-10, 13-16 and
20-21.

Q: Now, Mr Seet, you were arrested by the police on 16th April 2018. What were
the circumstances leading to your arrest?

A: Yes, I was arrested.

Q: Yes. What were the circumstances leading to your arrest?

A: I can’t remember. I can’t remember a thing. I’m under medication. I knew
nothing. I do not know him.

Q: Now, Mr Seet, one thing at a time. So my question is this now: What was
found in your possession when you were arrested by the police on 16th April
2018?

A: Heroin, that’s all.

Q: Who did you meet prior to your arrest by the police?

A: I do not know. I can’t remember a thing.

…

Q: Now, Mr Seet, earlier in your evidence, you had informed us that on the day
of your arrest on 16th April 2018, heroin was found in your possession. So my
question is this: How did you come to collect---or how did you come to receive
this heroin?

A: I do not know. I can’t remember. I can’t remember. It has been a long time
ago. I’m having a headache.

Q: Who passed you the heroin?

A: Do not know. I do not know the person. I can’t remember at all.

Q: When were you passed the heroin?

A: I do not know where and how. I do not know anything.

Q: Did you have to pay for the heroin?

A: I do not know. I can’t remember now.

…

Q: Mr Seet, your NRIC number is this: [SXXXXXXX], correct?

A: I do not know. I can’t remember a thing. It’s been a long time ago. I don’t
have my IC number on my wristband.

…

Q: Now, Mr Seet, if you are to look at the very bottom of this page, at the
left-hand side, there is a signature, and then beside the signature, there are
some numbers … Do you see that?

A: I do not know whether it was my signature or not. I am---I do not know
whether it is my signature or not. It has been a long time ago.

…

Q: Now, there is an address stated in this statement … Mr Seet, was that your
address?

A: No, not my house. I can’t remember. Not my house.

Q: Mr Seet, were you staying in that place?

A: I’m now---I’m now in prison. I’m now staying at Prison.

Q: Mr Seet, my question is this: Were you staying at that place at any point
in time before you were in Prison?

A: I can’t remember.

Q: Now, Mr Seet, you see that the date of birth is reflected here as [X]? That
would be your birth---your date of birth, correct?

A: I do not know.

…

A: I do not know how old I am now.

…

Q: Now, Mr Seet, we see on the third row that the place of birth as reflected
in this statement is ‘Singapore’. You were born in Singapore, correct?

A: I do not know. When I was young, I do not know whether I was born in
Singapore or not.

…

Q: Mr Seet, one final question in relation to this particular statement at
this juncture. We see that the ‘Race’ here is reflected as ‘Chinese’. You will
agree with me that that is your race as well?

A: How would I know? I wouldn’t know whether I’m a Chinese or not.

…

Q: Okay, Mr Seet, there is also another particular information on this
statement. … The ‘Name of Sister’ here is reflected as ‘Seet Lily’. That is
information that you gave to the police, correct?

…

Q: Is that your sister?

A: I do not know, I can’t remember.

71 In my judgment, both Okubo and Seet were being deliberately obstructive
witnesses, who did not want to tell the truth. I find that, for many of the
questions posed to them, Okubo, and more particularly Seet, chose not to
answer the questions truthfully, but instead claimed that they could not
remember anything at all. But, even if the court is to accept that Okubo and
Seet had suffered major memory lapses, I do not think that this assists the
Defence’s submission that I should accord no weight to their investigation
statements.

72 Formal investigation statements are taken by the police under a set of
strict procedures, which are to be strictly observed by an officer well-
trained in investigative techniques, and such statements come with it an aura
of reliability that result in them often being given more weight by finders of
fact as compared to most other kinds of evidence (see Muhammad bin Kadar and
another v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 at [58]). Properly recorded
investigation statements also have evidential value because they accurately
record in writing what accused persons and potential witnesses can remember
about the incident at a time when their memory is still fresh. Even if the
witness subsequently becomes unable to remember the details of the incident,
that in no way undermines the reliability of that statement; it is precisely
the function of statement recording to preserve the witness’s account while
his memory is still fresh and avoid the inaccuracies which can arise if the
court is limited to relying on his witness testimony, which may be given, in
some cases, only years later.

73 That is the situation which we are met with in this case. I find that
Okubo’s and Seet’s account of their interactions with the accused has been
captured in the investigation statements that had been recorded from them at a
time not long after their arrest. That was when their memory was fresh, and
the accounts in the statements would necessarily be more accurate than any
oral testimony given in court more than two-and-a-half years later. In fact,
Okubo himself accepted in his testimony that his memory of the material events
that took place on 16 April 2018 would have been fresher at the time he gave
his three investigation statements, which were all within two weeks of his
arrest. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 15 Oct 2020, p 34 lines 18-24.

74 At the trial, after Okubo and Seet testified that they could not remember
what had happened on 16 April 2018, the Prosecution applied to refresh their
memory using their investigation statements under s 161 of the EA. However,
Okubo and Seet maintained their evidence.

75 In determining if a witness’s statements are inconsistent so as to give
rise to a material discrepancy, the court does not insist on absolute
oppositeness; a previous statement will be inconsistent if a witness has
provided a detailed account of events in that statement but claims that he is
unable to remember the events stated in his previous statement even after it
has been shown to him to refresh his memory (see Public Prosecutor v Heah Lian
Khin [2000] 2 SLR(R) 745 at [30] and [32]). Accordingly, I found that Okubo’s
and Seet’s inability to give any evidence on their interactions with the
accused on 16 April 2018, despite having their memory refreshed, constituted
material discrepancies with those portions of their investigation statements
in which they provided a detailed account of how they handed over the monies
to the accused in exchange for the bundles (see [62] above).

76 Okubo and Seet could muster no explanation for the inconsistency in their
testimony and investigation statements, save for maintaining their inability
to recall the events that happened at the material time. As explained earlier,
I do not accept their explanation and I find them to be deliberately
obstructive witnesses who wanted to avoid giving any evidence at all in these
proceedings (see [69] above). I therefore accepted that their credit should be
impeached and those portions in their statements should be admitted into
evidence in place of their court testimony pursuant to s 147(3) of the EA.
When the applications were made during the course of the trial by the
Prosecution for Okubo’s and Seet’s investigation statements to be admitted for
the purposes of impeaching their credit and also in substitution of their
evidence in court, the Defence did not take the position that Okubo’s and
Seet’s credit was not to be impeached, or that their investigation statements
should not be admitted pursuant to s 147(3) of the EA. But, in their closing
submissions, the Defence urges me to reject those previous statements of Okubo
and Seet as carrying no weight. It is to this issue that I next turn.

(2) The weight to be attached to Okubo’s and Seet’s former inconsistent
statements

77 The weight to be attached to a statement that has been rendered admissible
by s 147(3) of the EA is determined by the factors stipulated in s 147(6) of
the EA:

In estimating the weight, if any, to be attached to a statement admissible in
evidence by virtue of this section regard shall be had to all the
circumstances from which any inference can reasonably be drawn as to the
accuracy or otherwise of the statement and, in particular, to the question
whether or not the statement was made contemporaneously with the occurrence or
existence of the facts stated, and to the question whether or not the maker of
the statement had any incentive to conceal or misrepresent the facts.

78 In Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619, the Court
of Appeal provided guidance on the factors to be considered in determining the
weight to be accorded to a statement admissible in evidence by virtue of s
147(3) of the EA (at [71]):

First, the contemporaneity of a statement with the occurrence or existence of
the facts stated is important for it guards against inaccuracy, though the
degree of contemporaneity required will vary with the facts in question. …
Second, there can be little guidance on the possibility of misrepresentation
by the maker of the statement but the court must be astute in spotting such
instances. Third … the weight to be accorded to a prior inconsistent statement
will be affected materially by an explanation of the inconsistency and why
that statement is an inaccurate representation of the facts. Fourth, regard
should be had to the context of the statement. [Section 147(6)] does not
restrict consideration to only the making of the statement but requires
consideration of all the circumstances affecting its accuracy. Thus the court
must consider the context of the inconsistent portions, which requires that
the whole of the statement be examined. … Finally, the cogency and coherence
of the facts relied upon has to be noted. An ambivalent statement does not
attract much weight.

(A) The voluntariness of the statements

79 As already mentioned, the Defence argues that the statements are not
reliable because they may not have been made voluntarily. However, the
evidence before the court does not support such a submission. In the case of
Okubo, he testified in examination-in-chief that his contemporaneous statement
of 16 April 2018 and his three investigation statements of 27, 28 and 30 April
2018, which the Prosecution seeks to rely on, were all voluntarily made by
him. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Exhibits P86, P87, P88 and P89; Transcript, 15 Oct 2020, p 23 lines 28-30, p
32 lines 21-23, p 40 lines 28-29, p 58 lines 22-24.

When cross-examined by the Defence, Okubo also testified that his
investigation statements of 28 and 30 April 2018 were given voluntarily and
without any threat, inducement or promise. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript, 15 Oct 2020, p 80 lines 20-26, p 83 lines 2-5.

The Defence did not cross-examine Okubo on the voluntariness of his remaining
two statements. Having failed to cross-examine Okubo on the basis that his two
remaining statements were not given voluntarily, the Defence had impliedly
accepted Okubo’s evidence that they were given voluntarily. This was the
effect of the rule in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67, which requires that
contradictory facts be put to a witness during cross-examination to give him
an opportunity to respond, and any testimony left unchallenged may be treated
by the court as undisputed and therefore accepted by the opposing party (see
Yeo Kwan Wee Kenneth v Public Prosecutor [2004] 2 SLR(R) 45 at [34]-[36]). In
the circumstances, I find that Okubo did give his contemporaneous statement
and his three investigation statements voluntarily.

80 In the case of Seet, he claimed not to remember any of his previous
statements that were shown to him in court. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 31 Aug 2021, p 75 lines 25-28, p 41 line 22, p 44 lines 30-31, p
45 line 1.

As such, the Prosecution called the relevant CNB officers who recorded Seet’s
statements as witnesses. Station Inspector Daniel Quek Wee Liang (“SI Quek”)
gave evidence as to his recording of a contemporaneous statement from Seet on
16 April 2018. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Exhibit P90.

SI Quek testified that Seet had not raised any complaints to him during the
recording of the contemporaneous statement and his demeanour was normal. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, 1 Sep 2021, p 6 lines 11-15.

Under cross-examination, SI Quek gave evidence that Seet was communicating
normally during the recording of the contemporaneous statement. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 1 Sep 2021, p 15 lines 16-18.

The Defence did not suggest to SI Quek that the contemporaneous statement was
not given by Seet voluntarily or was given as a result of any threat,
inducement or promise.

81 IO Yeo was recalled to testify as to the two investigation statements that
he recorded from Seet. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Exhibits P91 and P92.

IO Yeo testified that he had recorded both statements from Seet in Hokkien via
a Hokkien interpreter, although he himself was proficient in Hokkien and so
could understand what Seet was saying in Hokkien. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript, 1 Sep 2021, p 28 lines 29-33, p 29 lines 1-4.

IO Yeo also testified that on both occasions when he recorded Seet’s
statements (23 and 24 April 2018), Seet was able to understand his questions
and answer normally. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript, 1 Sep 2021, p 29 lines 5-11.

Seet did not raise any complaints during the recording process, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript, 1 Sep 2021, p 29 lines 5-6, p 32 lines 8-9.

and IO Yeo was of the view that Seet gave his statements voluntarily. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript, 1 Sep 2021, p 29 lines 27-28, p 32 lines 31-32.

Of all the questions asked by the Defence in cross-examination, only one dealt
with the state which Seet was in when the investigation statements were
recorded. In answering that question, IO Yeo confirmed that Seet had no
difficulties conversing with him when the investigation statements were
recorded. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 1 Sep 2021, p 37 lines 21-24.

The Defence also did not suggest to IO Yeo that there had been any threat,
inducement or promise in relation to either of these two statements.

82 As already mentioned, Seet’s evidence, as a whole, was that he had no
memory of the statements he gave, or of the events described in his
statements. I have already explained that, in my judgment, Seet was presenting
a completely false picture as to the state of his own memory when he was
giving evidence in court, so as to not be perceived as someone who would
assist the Prosecution in the trial of the accused (see [69] above). From my
assessment of the evidence before the court, I find that Seet had given his
contemporaneous statement and his two investigation statements voluntarily.
The Defence’s failure to suggest to the recorders of Seet’s statements that
those statements were not given voluntarily or were given as a result of some
threat, inducement or promise would also have amounted to an implied
acceptance of the contrary by virtue of the rule in Browne v Dunn. I thus
rejected the Defence’s submission that no weight should be given Seet’s
previous statements because they might not have been given voluntarily.

(B) The accuracy of the statements

83 The Defence also attacks the weight that should be given to Okubo’s and
Seet’s previous statements on the grounds that they might not accurately set
out their interactions with the accused. In the case of Okubo, the Defence
relies on his evidence that he had consumed methamphetamine on the day of his
arrest (16 April 2018) 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript, 15 Oct 2020, p 78 lines 22-28.

and as such, his judgment or memory might be affected when his statements were
being recorded on 16, 27, 28 and/or 30 April 2018. In this regard, the Defence
relies on the evidence of Dr Sahaya Nathan (“Dr Nathan”), a medical officer at
Changi Prison Complex Medical Centre. Dr Nathan had testified as a Prosecution
witness as to his observations of Okubo when Okubo was examined at the Changi
Complex Medical Centre on 20 and 21 April 2018. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Exhibit P94.

Dr Nathan’s evidence was that Okubo did not suffer any drug withdrawal
symptoms, and nothing unusual was observed in his physical condition. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Exhibit P94; Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 47 lines 30-32, p 48 lines 1-17.

When Dr Nathan was cross-examined by the Defence, he accepted that there was a
possibility that Okubo’s ability to give a statement might have been affected
on 16 April 2018 because Okubo had consumed methamphetamine that day. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 57 lines 5-13.

Dr Nathan also testified that he had seen cases where drug withdrawal symptoms
for methamphetamine manifest themselves a week to ten days after the last drug
consumption. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 57 lines 16-30.

The Defence submits that this meant that the accuracy of Okubo’s
contemporaneous statement of 16 April 2018 might have been affected by his
consumption of methamphetamine on the day of his arrest, and his three
investigation statements of 27, 28 and 30 April 2018 might have been affected
by drug withdrawal symptoms that manifested themselves only during that period
of time, which was 11 to 14 days after his arrest. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

DCS at para 26.

84 I have some difficulty with the Defence’s submissions about the accuracy of
Okubo’s statements being possibly affected by his consumption of
methamphetamine. This is for two main reasons.

85 First, in my view, it is not sufficient to rely on Dr Nathan’s evidence
that Okubo’s ability to give a statement on 16 April 2018 might possibly be
affected because he had consumed methamphetamine that day. This is too general
a statement. There are no specifics as to how Okubo’s ability to give a
statement might be impacted. For example, it is not clear to me whether
Okubo’s memory might be affected that day, or whether he might not be able to
concentrate or focus on the questions he was asked during the recording of his
contemporaneous statement. In short, I am left wondering how Okubo’s ability
to give a statement might possibly be affected. While it is true that Okubo
did say that he was not in the right state of mind when he gave his
contemporaneous statement, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript, 15 Oct 2020, p 62 lines 10-12.

there were no details as to what he meant by that. Under cross-examination by
the Defence, Okubo said that he could not remember now whether he did give the
answers recorded in the contemporaneous statement because he was then under
the influence of drugs. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript, 15 Oct 2020, p 79 lines 4-29.

However, this is quite different from saying that, on 16 April 2018, he could
not remember his interactions with the accused on that day and from the past
because he was under the influence of drugs, so that the account which he did
provide in his contemporaneous statement was possibly inaccurate. All of that
takes on more significance when seen in the light of my earlier finding about
Okubo’s testimony having little credibility given that it was evident that he
was feigning ignorance and memory loss to avoid testifying against the accused
(see [69] above). In short, I find that the Defence has not been able to
provide sufficient evidence for me to conclude that Okubo’s cognitive
abilities were impaired on the day of his arrest because of his consumption of
methamphetamine that day, and that as such, he could not give an accurate
account of events in his contemporaneous statement recorded that day.

86 Second, I find that the submission that Okubo might have been suffering
from drug withdrawal when he gave his three investigation statements on 27, 28
and 30 April 2018 to be pure conjecture. Dr Nathan had only said that he had
seen cases where the drug withdrawal symptoms appear a week to ten days after
the last consumption of methamphetamine. But, for Okubo, he displayed no such
symptoms on 20 and 21 April 2018, which was the fourth and fifth day after his
arrest, and there are no records from Changi Prison Complex Medical Centre
that Okubo subsequently developed drug withdrawal symptoms and had to be
examined by doctors there. In his evidence, Okubo himself did not testify to
having suffered from any drug withdrawal at the time of the recording of his
investigation statements. When cross-examined by the Defence, Okubo was also
not asked any question about whether he was suffering from drug withdrawal
from 27 to 30 April 2018. In fact, those two dates fell within the 11th- to
14th-day period after his arrest, and would in any event fall outside the ten-
day period described by Dr Nathan as to when drug withdrawal symptoms in
relation to methamphetamine might possibly manifest themselves. I thus find
that the Defence has not been able to show that Okubo suffered from drug
withdrawal symptoms from 27 to 30 April 2018, and that the accuracy of Okubo’s
investigation statements recorded during this period should be called into
question.

87 As for the case of Seet, the Defence argues that the accuracy of his
statements must be affected too as he was suffering from drug withdrawal
symptoms. I find that there was no real evidential basis for the Defence to
make this contention in their closing submissions.

88 Given the way that Seet had given his evidence in court (see [70] above),
there was initially some concern as to whether he was simply pretending to
have memory loss, or whether he was suffering from some mental condition that
genuinely affected his ability to recall facts. As a consequence, the
Prosecution called one Dr Jerome Goh Hern Yee (“Dr Goh”) to give evidence. He
had previously been the Senior Consultant and Chief of the Department of
General and Forensic Psychiatry at the Institute of Mental Health and, in that
role, he had examined Seet on three occasions in May 2018. Dr Goh prepared a
medical report dated 22 May 2018 in relation to Seet. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Exhibit P93.

In his report, Dr Goh opined that Seet did not have any mental illness at the
time he was arrested, although he had a history of substance use disorder. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 69, p 70 lines 1-16.

Dr Goh also opined that Seet was not of unsound mind 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 74, lines 5-14.

and that there was no indication that Seet had any memory issues as Seet had
been able to provide specific details in response to his questions, which were
consistent across the three sessions when Seet was examined, or which
subsequently could be verified to be true. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 68 lines 6-15.

An assessment of Seet’s intellectual functioning was also carried out and it
was found to be normal. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 74 lines 22-32, p 75 lines 1-3.

89 In their closing submissions, the Defence argued that Dr Goh was “not
competent to give evidence on [d]rug withdrawal rate”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DCS at para 37.

They also pointed out that Dr Goh had not dealt with Seet’s drug withdrawal in
his medical report or how he might have affected him in the giving of his
statements. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

DCS at para 37.

These were points which the Defence did not raise in their cross-examination
of Dr Goh.

90 I was surprised that this submission was even made by the Defence. When the
recorders of Seet’s statements, SI Quek and IO Yeo, were called, the Defence
did not suggest to them that Seet appeared to be experiencing any discomfort
and was suffering at that time from the effects of drug withdrawal. SI Quek
recorded Seet’s contemporaneous statement on the day of his arrest, 16 April
2018, and his evidence was that Seet had behaved and communicated normally
(see [80] above). SI Quek’s evidence in this regard was not challenged. IO Yeo
recorded investigation statements from Seet on 23 and 24 April 2018, and his
evidence was that Seet had no difficulties communicating with him (see [81]
above).

91 The Defence did not even suggest to the statement recorders that Seet
appeared to be suffering from the effects of drug withdrawal when his
statements were recorded. Given SI Quek’s and IO Yeo’s testimony that Seet’s
demeanour during the statement recording was normal and was able to understand
and answer questions normally (see [80]-[81] above), the Defence’s failure to
suggest the contrary to them during cross-examination would have amounted to
an implied acceptance of their evidence by virtue of the rule in Browne v Dunn
([79] above). I am therefore of the view that there is no basis for the
Defence’s submission that the accuracy of the statements are affected by any
alleged drug withdrawal symptoms that Seet was suffering from on 16, 23 or 24
April 2018.

92 It is true that Dr Nathan’s evidence was that he had examined Seet at the
Changi Prison Complex Medical Centre on 20 and 21 April 2018, and that Seet
was suffering from drug withdrawal on both dates. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Exhibit P95.

More specifically, Dr Nathan testified that, on the Clinical Opioid Withdrawal
Scale, which is relevant because Seet had tested positive for opiates from the
consumption of heroin, Seet had scored five on 20 April 2018 and six on 21
April 2018. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Exhibit P95; Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 50 lines 1-4, p 52 lines 1-3.

Dr Nathan’s evidence was that Seet had mild symptoms of withdrawal on those
two days, and with such symptoms, Seet should still be able to answer
questions. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Transcript, 2 Sep 2021, p 51 lines 19-31, p 52 lines 1-10.

Dr Nathan himself had found Seet to be coherent and able to answer questions
on those two dates, and there was no indication that Seet had any altered
mental state.

93 In my judgment, the evidence of Dr Nathan does not provide any support that
Seet was suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms on 16 April 2018, when his
contemporaneous statement was recorded. That is because the evidence shows
that Seet had consumed heroin on that day itself. The clinical notes recorded
by Dr Henry Chua (“Dr Chua”), who examined Seet on 19 April 2018, state that
Seet had informed Dr Chua that he last consumed heroin on 16 April 2018. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Exhibit P96.

Seet’s first investigation statement recorded by IO Yeo on 23 April 2018 also
record him as having consumed heroin on 16 April 2018. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Exhibit P91.

Dr Nathan’s evidence also does not provide any basis for a submission that
Seet was affected by drug withdrawal symptoms on 23 and 24 April 2018, when
his investigation statements were recorded by IO Yeo. If Seet’s drug
withdrawal symptoms were mild and did not affect his cognitive abilities in
the initial period of observation on 20 April and 21 April 2018 (see [92]
above), then it is likely that the case would remain the same in the period
thereafter. In the first place, it was not even suggested by the Defence to Dr
Nathan that Seet’s drug withdrawal symptoms would likely become worse on 23
and 24 April 2018, which was two to three days after Seet was last examined by
Dr Nathan on 21 April 2018, or how, if it indeed became worse, those symptoms
could affect Seet’s ability to give an accurate account of the facts in his
statements.

94 Weighing all the evidence as a whole, I find the Defence has failed to show
that Seet’s statements to the CNB officers should not be relied upon because
they were likely to lack accuracy due to Seet’s alleged drug withdrawal
symptoms when the statements were recorded.

(3) Significance of the accused’s knowledge that the Bundles were of
substantial value

95 On the evidence before the court, I find that the accused had counted the
moneys before he passed over the bundles to Seet and Okubo (see [62] above).
He must have known that the moneys he received was in exchange for the bundles
he was handing over. Even if it is true that Dinesh had told the accused that
he also had to collect moneys from persons in Singapore because of Dinesh’s
loan shark activities, which might explain the collection of moneys by the
accused from LW Techno (see [20] above) and also from an elderly Malay-looking
man on the day of his arrest (see [22] above), given the near-simultaneous
exchange of cash and bundles between Seet and Okubo on the one hand and the
accused on the other on 16 April 2018, it cannot be seriously argued that the
bundles handed over to Seet and Okubo were not in return for the cash he
received from the two of them.

96 If the accused knew to count the monies that he had received in exchange
for the bundles, then he must have anticipated or expected the amount of money
that he was to receive in exchange for the bundles handed over. Even if the
accused had acted on the instructions of Dinesh in counting the monies, it
defies logic that Dinesh would not have informed him beforehand as to how much
money could be expected from the counterparty that was to take delivery of the
bundles. The accused would likely have been briefed in detail as to what he
was to expect to ensure that the clandestine operation went as smoothly as
possible. As such, the accused knew that the one black bundle he handed over
to Seet was worth about $2,500, and the three bundles he handed over to Okubo
were worth $7,300. In the accused’s evidence, he drew no distinction between
the bundles handed over to Seet and Okubo and those which were found remaining
in his motorcycle box on his arrest. Also, the import of the accused’s
evidence (namely, that all the bundles were “shisha”) was that he did not
consider any of the bundles which Dinesh had placed in his motorcycle box as
different from the others. In these circumstances, any knowledge which the
accused had about the value of the bundles handed over to Seet and Okubo can
therefore be extended to all of the bundles. That being so, I accept the
Prosecution’s submission that the accused knew that the bundles (of which the
Bundles were part) that he was to deliver on behalf of Dinesh on 16 April 2018
were items of substantial value.

97 The fact that the accused knew the Bundles to be of substantial value
undermines the credibility of his asserted belief that they were merely
“shisha”. The accused did not testify on what he thought the value of “shisha”
was, but on his own evidence, it surely would not have been as substantial in
value as the bundles which he delivered on 16 April 2018. According to the
accused, he was informed by Dinesh that the “shisha” bundles were contraband
items which would only have attracted a fine in the event that he was caught
in Singapore with them (see [46] above). The accused’s characterisation of
“shisha”, as he understood the same from Dinesh, was therefore of it being a
relatively trivial (albeit still illegal) item, given that it only attracted a
monetary penalty at worst. However, if that were indeed the case, it was not
consistent with the substantial value which the bundles had. To put things in
context from the accused’s perspective, the value of the bundles far exceeded
the daily wages of $60-$70 which the accused was to receive for his employment
as a cook at the food court in Tuas (see [14] above). As such, given the
accused’s knowledge of the value of the bundles, coupled with what he
understood “shisha” was, even if Dinesh had assured him that those bundles
were “shisha”, I find that the accused could not have believed that to be
true.

The accused’s delivery of bundles in Singapore on occasions prior to his
arrest

98 In his evidence in court, the accused denied that he had delivered any
“shisha” or bundles for Dinesh to persons in Singapore on any other occasion
other than the day of his arrest (16 April 2018). I did not accept this
evidence as I found it to be contrary to what the accused had informed the
recording officer when his contemporaneous statement was recorded, shortly
after his arrest. In that statement, the accused stated that he had been
working for Dinesh for about two weeks, “but only five times”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

AB at p 97.

He also stated that he was paid about RM 1,000 or RM 2,000 each time. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

AB at p 97.

This was a clear admission by the accused that he had made other deliveries
for Dinesh prior to the day of his arrest, and that he was paid on each
occasion he made such deliveries.

(1) The admissibility of the accused’s contemporaneous statement

99 As already mentioned, the accused challenged the admissibility of his
contemporaneous statement under s 258(1) of the CPC. The Defence objected to
its admission into evidence on the basis that the recorder of the statement,
SSgt Fardlie, had made a threat of physical harm to the accused before the
statement was taken. The threat was to the effect that, if the accused did not
tell the truth, one Sergeant Yogaraj s/o Ragunathan Pillay (“Sgt Yogaraj”)
would “beat” him. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2020, p 7 lines 28-32.

At that time, Sgt Yogaraj was walking towards the car, in which SSgt Fardlie
and the accused were sitting for the recording of the contemporaneous
statement. The accused also claimed that there was a second threat of physical
harm made to him. That was when Sgt Yogaraj approached the car, opened the
door, looked inside and told the accused “you better tell the truth, don’t
play play”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2020, p 8 lines 4-15.

The Defence also raised the point that the accused was not offered a chance to
speak in Tamil, with which he was more fluent. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2020, p 9 lines 23-32, p 10 lines 1-7.

Instead, the statement was recorded by SSgt Fardlie in Malay.

100 I heard the evidence of six witnesses during the ancillary hearing to
determine the admissibility of the contemporaneous statement. These included
SSgt Fardlie, Sgt Yogaraj and of course, the accused. The two CNB officers
denied that there were any threats made to the accused. However, what was
determinative of the issue, in my view, was the accused’s own evidence. There
are four aspects of his evidence that I will refer to.

101 First, the accused testified that he was speaking with SSgt Fardlie in
Malay and he understood what was being asked of him, and he could reply
accordingly. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 19 lines 30-31, p 20 lines 1-7, p 30 lines 19-29, p
31 line 1.

He gave no evidence that he had any difficulty at all communicating with the
SSgt Fardlie in Malay. The accused agreed that there were no issues of
communication when he was speaking to SSgt Fardlie during the process of
recording his contemporaneous statement. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 30 lines 26-29.

102 Second, the accused gave unequivocal evidence that he wanted to help as
much as possible by telling SSgt Fardlie the truth. He testified that he
answered the questions honestly because he wanted to help the CNB. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 20 lines 30-31, p 21 lines 1-6.

He agreed that SSgt Fardlie never forced him to answer any of the questions
asked of him. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 24 lines 1-26.

He also said that, from the moment he was arrested, he wanted to tell the CNB
officers everything he knew. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 25 lines 20-24.

The accused testified that, during the process of recording of his
contemporaneous statement, SSgt Fardlie did not threaten him in any way. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 27 line 13, p 28 lines 3-10.

I should add that, on his own account of what transpired from the time of his
arrest to when the threats were allegedly made to him by the two CNB officers
and when the recording of the contemporaneous statement took place, it appears
that the alleged threats were made more than an hour before SSgt Fardlie
recorded the contemporaneous statement from him. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 26 lines 3-5.

Nonetheless, the accused did also say that he was still feeling the effects of
the alleged earlier threats by SSgt Fardlie and Sgt Yogaraj by the time the
contemporaneous statement came to be recorded. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 29 lines 9-17.

103 Third, the accused’s evidence was that, when the contemporaneous statement
was being recorded from him, he felt a sense of fear because he had been told
that he might be facing the death penalty. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 8 lines 10-15.

As a result of this fear, the accused said that he wanted to answer all the
questions posed to him by SSgt Fardlie as honestly as possible in the hope
that it would help in his own case. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 23 lines 28-31, p 26 lines 30-31, p 27 lines 1-4.

104 Fourth, the accused never raised any complaints about any threats in
relation to the taking of his contemporaneous statement until the trial. In
fact, when IO Yeo recorded his first long statement on 20 April 2018, specific
reference was made by the accused to the recording of his contemporaneous
statement after his arrest on 16 April 2018. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

AB at p 161.

However, the accused did not mention to IO Yeo that there had been any threats
made to him in relation to the making of the contemporaneous statement.

105 Given the state of the evidence, particularly that from the accused, I did
not accept that the contemporaneous statement was not made voluntarily. I
accepted the evidence of SSgt Fardlie and Sgt Yogaraj, which was clear and
consistent, that there were no threats made to the accused. I also found it
quite apparent, from the evidence of the accused, that even if I was to accept
that one or both of the CNB officers had made the alleged threats, they would
not have operated on the mind of the accused when the contemporaneous
statement was recorded from him (see s 258(4) of the CPC). The accused wanted
to give information and answers to the questions posed to him by SSgt Fardlie
because he wanted to assist the CNB. Any fear that he felt was from the fact
that he was told that he might face the death penalty rather than from any
threats of bodily harm.

106 For these reasons, I decided that the contemporaneous statement should be
admitted into evidence.

107 As for questions of the language used to converse with the accused during
the statement recording, it was also clear to me that the fact that the
statement was not recorded in Tamil did not necessarily impact the accuracy of
the contents of the statement. The accused’s evidence showed that he had no
difficulty communicating with SSgt Fardlie in Malay. He confirmed that he
could understand what SSgt Fardlie was speaking to him in Malay. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 20 lines 5-7, p 30 lines 10-12.

He also confirmed that he responded in Malay to SSgt Fardlie’s questions and
SSgt Fardlie could understand his answers. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 30 lines 22-25.

Significantly, after the accused was arrested and prior to the recording of
the contemporaneous statement, there were several phone calls exchanged on the
accused’s mobile phone between himself and Dinesh. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 16 lines 21-30, p 17 lines 1-7; 13 Oct 2020, p 6
lines 10-20, p 18 lines 16-26, p 28 lines 18-32, p 29, p 30, p 31, p 32, p 33,
p 34, p 35, p 36 lines 1-21.

That was done under the supervision of SSgt Fardlie. During those calls, the
accused conversed with Dinesh in Tamil. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 18 lines 19-20.

Thereafter, the accused was able to inform SSgt Fardlie in Malay about what he
had spoken with Dinesh in Tamil. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript, 8 Oct 2020, p 18 lines 14-23, p 20 lines 2-4; 13 Oct 2020, p 36
lines 22-24.

108 I also accepted SSgt’s Fardlie’s evidence that he found the accused to be
fluent in Malay. In fact, prior to the contemporaneous statement being
recorded, SSgt Fardlie had been conversing with the accused in Malay. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2020, p 20 lines 25-29.

He had also read the mandatory death penalty notification in Malay to the
accused before the recording of the contemporaneous statement. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Exhibit P84; Transcript, 7 Oct 2020, p 20 lines 7-18.

He had asked the accused what language he wanted to the notice to be read to
him, and the accused had said Malay. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2020, p 20 lines 14-18.

After the recording of the contemporaneous statement, SSgt Fardlie had also
read back the contents to the accused in Malay. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript, 7 Oct 2020, p 33 lines 29-30, p 34 lines 1-8.

(2) The evidence that the accused had performed prior deliveries of similar
bundles into Singapore

109 Given that the accused’s answers in his contemporaneous statement that he
had been working for Dinesh for about two weeks, and that he had made
deliveries for Dinesh on five occasions, I find that the delivery of bundles
the accused made on 16 April 2018 was not the first time that he was helping
Dinesh with similar deliveries.

110 There is also other evidence that supports such a conclusion. First, Okubo
and Seet had also stated in their investigation statements that they had
collected drugs from the accused previously. Okubo stated that he had
collected “drug bundles” from the accused on “three occasions”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Exhibit P87.

In his contemporaneous statement, Seet said that he had collected heroin from
the accused on two occasions – the first time was a week ago, and the second
time was on the day he was arrested. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Exhibit P90.

111 Second, the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority movement records of the
accused shows that he had entered Singapore on five previous occasions
(namely, 2, 6, 11, 12 and 13 April 2018) in the two weeks prior to his arrest
on 16 April 2018. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Exhibit P102; PCS at para 61.

This is consistent with the accused’s contemporaneous statement where he said
that he had made deliveries for Dinesh on five previous occasions.

112 Third, the phone records of the accused show that there was a flurry of
calls between Dinesh and the accused on those days when the accused entered
Singapore. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Exhibit D1.

These calls were made from and/or received on the mobile phone found on the
accused when he was arrested. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Exhibit P71.

Around 40 odd calls were exchanged between Dinesh and the accused on each of
11, 12 and 13 April 2018 (on which he had entered and left Singapore within
the day). The number of calls between the parties, as well as the duration of
the calls intensified during the time when the accused was present in
Singapore. The pattern of calls on each of those days mirrored that on 16
April 2018, the day when the accused made deliveries of the bundles which led
to his arrest. In contrast, on 14 and 15 April 2018 when the accused did not
enter Singapore, only eight and four calls were exchanged respectively on
those days. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Exhibit D1.

During cross-examination, the accused was also not able to provide any
credible and coherent explanation as to the volume of calls made by Dinesh to
him on 11, 12 and 13 April 2018. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Exhibit D1.

(3) Significance of the accused’s prior deliveries of similar bundles in
Singapore

113 Given the state of the evidence, I am driven to the conclusion that the
accused had made previous deliveries of bundles similar to those which he
delivered on 16 April 2018 for Dinesh to persons in Singapore. The deliveries
on 16 April 2018 were therefore not the first time that the accused delivered
bundles into Singapore on the instructions of Dinesh.

114 The accused’s prior deliveries of bundles in Singapore is significant in
that it undermines the accused’s entire account as to how he came to be
assured by Dinesh on 16 April 2018 that the bundles were “shisha”. On the
Defence’s case, 16 April 2018 was the first time that Dinesh had asked the
accused to deliver bundles of any nature into Singapore. That was why the
accused had been clueless as to what the bundles were when he discovered them
in his motorcycle box in the early hours of 16 April 2018, and so called up
Dinesh to clarify, who then informed him that they were “shisha”. However, if
the accused had already performed deliveries of similar bundles prior to 16
April 2018, then it stood to reason that the accused would not have been
surprised by those bundles being in the motorcycle box that morning, and he
would not have rung Dinesh up to clarify what those bundles were. Put simply,
none of those steps which purportedly led to Dinesh’s assurance would have
taken place if the delivery on 16 April 2018 was not the first time that the
accused was delivering bundles on Dinesh’s instructions in Singapore.

The accused’s receipt and delivery of the bundles in highly surreptitious
circumstances

115 On this issue, I find that the circumstances under which the accused
received the bundles from Dinesh in the early hours of 16 April 2018 are
entirely consistent with the fact that these were bundles of controlled drugs.
Dinesh placed these bundles in the accused’s motorcycle box in the early hours
of 16 April 2018. This was without first telling the accused, if his evidence
is to be believed, that such bundles would be put into the box together with
the raincoat. As for the intended recipients of the bundles in Singapore, the
accused was not told who they were until just before they were to collect the
bundles from him. He was only told by Dinesh to go to specific locations at
specific times and to wait for these persons to show up.

116 In his evidence, the accused could not give any convincing explanation as
to why he believed all these precautions were needed by Dinesh, save that he
believed that he was delivering “shisha”, 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript, 10 Sep 2021, p 77 line 11.

and that he knew that it was illegal to do so in Singapore. Given that I have
already rejected the accused’s evidence that he was told that the bundles
contained “shisha” (see [56]-[58] above), I have to conclude that the accused
has not given any satisfactory evidence to explain the need for all the
subterfuge in relation to the receipt and delivery of the bundles.

117 In any case, given these surreptitious circumstances, even if Dinesh did
assure the accused that the bundles contained “shisha”, the accused could not
have believed him. As mentioned earlier, the accused’s own characterisation of
“shisha” (which he understood from Dinesh) was that it was a contraband item
that would at most land him with a fine if he were caught with it in Singapore
(see [97] above). However, that appears to very much inconsistent with the
clandestine operations that had been undertaken to facilitate the accused’s
receipt and delivery of the bundles. The circumstances in which the accused
came to receive the bundles, and in which he was instructed to deliver the
bundles, would have led him to disbelieve any assurance that Dinesh had
provided him.

The accused has failed to rebut the presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) of the
MDA

118 Applying the principles as set out at [44] above to the evidence before
the court, I find that the accused has failed to rebut the presumption in s
18(2) of the MDA that he knew that the Bundles contained methamphetamine. In
this regard, I have taken into account the accused’s contradictory positions
in his testimony and recorded statements as to whether he was told that the
bundles contained “shisha”. I have also considered the entirety of the
evidence including the surreptitious circumstances surrounding the receipt and
delivery of the bundles, and the accused’s lack of coherent explanation as to
why he thought such conduct was necessary. Significantly, I have also
considered the accused’s own admission in his contemporaneous statement that
he had made deliveries of similar bundles for Dinesh on prior occasions and
was paid RM 1,000 to RM 2,000 for each time he did so. The evidence of Okubo
and Seet that the accused had counted the moneys that they handed over, before
handing over the bundles, and the amounts of money involved, also showed the
accused knew that the bundles placed by Dinesh in his motorcycle box (which
included the Bundles) were of substantial value, and not “shisha”.

119 In my judgment, there are two reasons for the accused’s failure to rebut
the presumption. First, the contention on which he relies to rebut the
presumption is not even borne out by the evidence. The accused seeks to rebut
the presumption of knowledge on the basis of his belief that the Bundles were
“shisha” because Dinesh had told him so. However, as I have found earlier, his
account that Dinesh had told him that the bundles were “shisha” is a mere
afterthought that was subsequently concocted as a defence to the Charge (see
[56]-[58] above). Further, given that the delivery on 16 April 2018 was not
the first time he delivered bundles on behalf of Dinesh, the circumstances in
which the accused claimed he came to be assured by Dinesh that the bundles
were “shisha” would not have even taken place at all (see [114] above).

120 Second, the accused’s asserted belief about the bundles being “shisha” is
not credible in the light of the objective facts. Even if the accused’s
account about Dinesh telling him that the bundles were “shisha” is to be
believed, the circumstances were such that the accused could not have believed
Dinesh. Given the accused’s knowledge that the bundles were of substantial
value and his understanding of what “shisha” was, he could not have believed
that the bundles were simply “shisha” (see [97] above). The clandestine manner
in which the accused received and delivered the bundles were also suggestive
that they were other illegal substances of greater enormity than “shisha” (in
the sense which the accused understood what that was) and the accused could
not have believed Dinesh’s assurance (see [117] above).

121 Taking into account all the evidence, I cannot accept the Defence’s
submission that the accused has rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the
MDA on a balance of probabilities.

Whether the accused had been wilfully blind as to the contents of the Bundles

122 The Prosecution’s alternative case is that, even if the accused did not
have actual knowledge of the nature of what was contained in the Bundles, he
was wilfully blind as to the truth. Given my finding that the accused has
failed to rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA, the legal conclusion
must be that the accused had actual knowledge of what was contained in the
Bundles. As such, strictly speaking, it is not necessary for me to determine
whether the accused would be regarded in law as wilfully blind as to the
nature of what was contained in the Bundles, which is an inquiry that is only
relevant if he is assumed to have no actual knowledge of the nature of those
drugs found in his possession. Nonetheless, let me briefly set out my analysis
on this question.

123 In order to establish that the accused was wilfully blind to the nature of
what was contained in the Bundles, the Prosecution must prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that (see Gobi ([31] above) at [79]):

(a) the accused had a clear, grounded and targeted suspicion that what he was
told or led to believe about the nature of what was contained in the Bundles
was untrue;

(b) there were reasonable means of inquiry available to the accused which, if
taken, would have led him to discover the truth, namely, that his suspicion
that he was carrying something other than what he was told the Bundles were or
believed the Bundles to be, was well-founded; and

(c) the accused deliberately refused to pursue the reasonable means of inquiry
available to him to establish the truth as to what he was carrying because he
wanted to avoid any adverse consequences of being affixed with knowledge of
that truth.

124 Even if the court were to accept the accused’s account that Dinesh had
assured him, in the early hours of 16 April 2018, that the bundles placed in
his motorcycle box were merely “shisha” that would at most have landed him
with a fine if he were caught with them in Singapore, I find that the accused
would nevertheless have harboured a suspicion that he had not been told the
truth. The surreptitious circumstances in which the accused received and
delivered the bundles, coupled with what he knew about the value of the
bundles, would have provided the accused with good reason to believe that the
bundles were not as innocuous as Dinesh made them sound to be (see also [97]
and [117] above). In other words, the accused would have developed a clear,
grounded and targeted suspicion that those bundles were not “shisha”.

125 It also cannot be seriously disputed that there were reasonable means of
inquiry available to the accused which, if taken, would have led him to
discover that those bundles were not “shisha”. The accused claimed that he
knew what “shisha” was - it was “like a cigarette” that is to be “put in a
bottle” or some other equipment that is used to smoke the “shisha”. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 7 lines 25-26.

A simple visual inspection of what was inside the bundles would therefore have
allowed him to confirm that the bundles did not contain what he believed they
did as a result of Dinesh’s assurance.

126 The accused also had ample opportunities to inspect the contents of the
bundles. The accused had discovered the bundles in his motorcycle box in the
early hours of 16 April 2018. On the accused’s own evidence, after inspecting
the contents of the motorcycle box and talking to Dinesh on the phone (during
which he was assured that the bundles were “shisha”), he had time to take a
shower before starting his journey to Singapore to report for work at a food
court in Tuas. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Transcript, 7 Sep 2021, p 10 lines 25-32.

He therefore had some time between when he discovered the bundles and when he
had to leave his home in Johor Bahru for his journey to Singapore. Within that
period of time, he could have easily inspected the contents of the bundles,
for example, by bringing the motorcycle box to his bedroom and inspecting the
bundles in a private space.

127 Further, on the basis of the accused’s evidence, he would have known that
Dinesh was involved in criminal activity in Malaysia (the accused says he had
been told to collect moneys on behalf of Dinesh from persons in Singapore as
part of Dinesh’s illegal moneylending business). In those circumstances, the
more strongly he would have suspected that the bundles were not simply
“shisha”, and the more he would be expected to inquire into the truth of what
he suspects (see Gobi ([31] above) at [92]). Hence, all the more would one
expect the accused to have taken up the opportunity to inspect the bundles in
greater detail before leaving for Singapore, instead of merely sniffing them
as he claimed he did. In these circumstances, the accused’s failure to perform
a more than cursory examination of the bundles, which would have led him to
discover that they were not “shisha”, in spite of the ease with which a more
thorough examination of the bundles could have been performed, leads to the
irresistible inference that he deliberately refused to pursue those means of
inquiry because he wanted to avoid the adverse consequences of being affixed
with the knowledge of the truth of what he was carrying.

128 As such, I find that, even if the accused was told by Dinesh that the
bundles were only “shisha”, the circumstances were such that he ought to have
suspected that they were not, and he also had reasonable means of inquiry by
which he could have discovered that truth. The only inference that can be
drawn from the accused’s failure to examine the contents of the bundles was
that he had deliberately refused to pursue a means of inquiry which would have
led him to discover what the bundles (and in turn, the Bundles) actually
contained. The accused should therefore be affixed with the very knowledge
which he seeks to avoid, and I find that he is wilfully blind to the fact that
the Bundles contained methamphetamine.

Whether the accused was in possession of the Bundles for the purpose of
trafficking

129 The Prosecution relies on the accused’s own evidence and his statements
that he was awaiting instructions from Dinesh, at the time he was arrested, as
to where and to whom he should deliver the remaining bundles in his motorcycle
box (which included the Bundles). The Defence argues that the accused might
well have been asked by Dinesh to bring the Bundles back to Johor Bahru to be
returned to Dinesh.

130 Section 2(1) of the MDA defines “traffic” to include transport or send.
What constitutes “trafficking” is the act of transporting or sending; it is
immaterial that the purpose of that act was for the return of the drugs to the
original sender or for anything else. It also suffices that the accused had
received instructions for transporting or sending the drugs, and carried out
those acts of transportation or sending, while he was in Singapore. As such,
even if the accused had been instructed to bring the remaining bundles in his
motorcycle box at the time of arrest (which included the Bundles) back to
Dinesh in Johor Bahru after he had completed the deliveries to Okubo and Seet
on 16 April 2018, it would still constitute the transportation or sending of
the drugs to someone in Malaysia, and amount to an act of trafficking for the
purposes of the MDA. As such, I do not believe it can be seriously disputed
that the accused was in possession of the Bundles for the purpose of
trafficking.

131 For completeness, I would add that the fact that the accused was
instructed to bring the remaining bundles back to Johor Bahru does not make
him a “bailee” of those bundles, namely, a person who takes custody of drugs
with no intention of parting them other than to return them to the person who
originally deposited those drugs with him (see Ramesh ([40] above) at [110];
Roshdi bin Abdullah Altway v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2021] SGCA
103 at [106]). This is because it had been common ground that the accused had
received the bundles (including the Bundles) with the intention of delivering
them to persons in Singapore on Dinesh’s instructions (and not for returning
them to Dinesh); the accused would only return those Bundles if and when
Dinesh instructed him to do so.

Conclusion

132 Given that all the elements of the offence under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA have
been shown to be established, I convict the accused of the Charge.

133 I will hear the parties now on the question of sentencing.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Nicholas Lai Yi Shin, Sheryl Yeo Su Hui and Colin Ng Guan Wen (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the prosecution;

A Revi Shanker s/o K Annamalai (ARShanker Law Chambers) and Elengovan s/o V
Krishnan (Elengovan Chambers) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Apr 2022 (15:31 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

