Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 95

Suit No 1062 of 2020

Between

Wong Kee Wah t/a The Education Future Hub

… Plaintiff

And

Sng Boon Chye

… Defendant

judgment

[Contract – Interpretation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wong Kee Wah (trading as The Education Future Hub)

  
v

  

Sng Boon Chye

[2022] SGHC 95

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1062 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
8 – 10 February 2022; 14 April 2022

29 April 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is the sole proprietor of The Education Future Hub (“TEFH”).
TEFH is in the business of marketing programmes offered by Approved Training
Organizations (“ATOs”) to the public and it receives a commission for each
eligible student enrolled in selected programmes.

2 The ATOs in question here are Click Academy Asia Pte Ltd (“CAA”), The
Leadership Institute Pte Ltd (“TLI”), and the Baking Industry Training College
Pte Ltd (“BITC”). The ATOs receive funding from government-linked agencies
such as the Institute of Banking and Finance (“IBF”) and Skills Future SG
(“SSG”), collectively referred to as the Government Funding Bodies. Students
who are eligible for government funding will pay 5% – 10% of the total course
fees, and the remaining 90% – 95% will be funded by the Government Funding
Bodies through the ATOs. The ATOs will pay the plaintiff commission for each
student eligible for government funding and who successfully completed his or
her respective courses. The evidence given at trial shows that the commission
due to the plaintiff from the ATOs for the months of April 2020 to July 2020
amounts to a staggering $2,014,497.00, which is paid out of the government
funding to the ATOs.

3 The defendant is one of the sub-contractors of the plaintiff who markets
selected courses from the ATOs for the plaintiff and he, in turn, receives a
commission from the plaintiff for each eligible student he recruits. The
defendant has a cascading line of sub-agents himself.

4 Before working with the plaintiff, the defendant was a marketing agent for
Kaplan Profession (“KP”) which was then an ATO funded by SSG. Sometime in
2018, the defendant contacted the plaintiff and informed the plaintiff that KP
was under investigation by SSG for violations of SSG guidelines and KP’s
funding would be soon suspended. The defendant sought to transfer his students
under two of KP’s courses, namely “Leadership People Management” and “Service
Leadership”, to the ATOs that the plaintiff was working with at that time so
that his students would be able to complete their courses.

5 On 1 January 2019, the plaintiff and the defendant signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (“2019 MOU”), under which the defendant agrees to market and
promote “Leadership People Management Diploma” and “Service Leadership”
courses from the ATOs for the plaintiff. The 2019 MOU also provided, inter
alia, that the defendant must ensure that all activities and marketing must
comply with school and SSG rules and that the plaintiff will make payment to
the defendant 14 working days upon receiving disbursement of fund. The
plaintiff says that the 2019 MOU also allowed the defendant to market
“Environmental Services & Tourism” courses, but this was disputed by the
defendant.

6 Subsequently, the defendant’s work for the plaintiff extended beyond what
was expressly provided for in the 2019 MOU. The defendant marketed and
promoted for the plaintiff courses offered by CAA, TLI and BITC which were not
“Leadership People Management Diploma” and “Service Leadership” courses. This
included courses such as Block Chain, Fast Track Digital Marketing, Data
Analytics and Sales Mastery. The parties did not enter into any other separate
written agreement to cover the promotion of these courses. The plaintiff says
that these other courses were also governed by the same 2019 MOU, but the
defendant denies this.

7 The defendant would collect the course fees from students on behalf of the
plaintiff. However, since the course fees collected from the students only
account for 5% – 10% of the total course fees, which was often less than the
commission due to the defendant, the plaintiff allowed the defendant to set-
off the collected school fees from the commission due to the defendant in
certain months. The defendant says that this became the standard practice
between the parties since October 2020, but the plaintiff says that the set-
off was only allowed as a matter of goodwill. The defendant also says that the
plaintiff will pay him the balance on the 15th of every month, but the
plaintiff says that payment is conditional upon the plaintiff receiving his
commission from the ATOs.

8 The plaintiff has also, on occasions, provided commission in advance to the
defendant. On 15 May 2020, the plaintiff says that he transferred $15,298.55
to the defendant as advance commission for students enrolled with CAA for the
month of April 2020. On top of that, the plaintiff has also provided loans to
the defendant during their working relationship. On 20 April 2020, at the
defendant’s request, the plaintiff transferred $10,000 to the defendant’s bank
account as a loan. Again, sometime in May 2020, the defendant requested for
another loan and plaintiff transferred $30,000.00 to the defendant. The
plaintiff says that the total loan extended to the defendant in the months of
April to June amounted to $40,000.00.

9 In August 2020, the plaintiff was informed by CAA that due to breaches on
the part of the defendant, the funding from IBF for CAA programs would be
suspended and there would be no commission paid to the plaintiff. IBF stated
four reasons for the suspension of the funding, namely, that the students were
provided answers for the course assessments, the marketing agent provided
inaccurate course information on the website, the marketing agent promoted
profiteering from grant allowance and 44% of the funding claims application by
the students had accuracy issues. IBF also stated that “Marketing agent James
Sng [the defendant] has repeatedly contacted our staff on disbursement of
training allowance grant for himself and some trainees and verbally threatened
her”.

10 The plaintiff informed the defendant that because funding was suspended
from IBF, he would not receive any commission from CAA and consequently, the
defendant is not entitled to his commission for the months of April 2020 to
July 2020. On 3 August 2020, the plaintiff requested the defendant to transfer
all the school fees collected by the defendant between April 2020 to July
2020. The defendant refused, indicating that the school fees collected had
been set-off from the commissions due to him, leading to the present dispute.

11 The plaintiff has three claims in the present action:

(a) First, the plaintiff claims against the defendant the sum of $290,259.75
being the school fees collected from students for CAA, BITC and TLI courses in
the months of April 2020 to July 2020.

(b) Second, the plaintiff claims against the defendant the sum of $15,298.55
being the advance commission paid to the defendant for CAA courses in the
month of April 2020.

(c) Third, the plaintiff claims against the defendant the sum of $40,000.00
being the loan extended to the defendant between 20 April 2020 to 16 May 2020.

12 The defendant says that his commission for promoting CAA, TLI and BITC
courses are not covered by the 2019 MOU and is not conditional upon the ATOs
receiving government funding. The defendant further claims that he was
entitled to set-off the collected school fees against the commission due to
him pursuant to the parties’ agreed practice and therefore, he is not required
to return the plaintiff the $290,259.75 collected from students for the months
of April 2020 to July 2020. In relation to the plaintiff’s claims on the
$15,298.55 for advance commission and $40,000.00 in loan, the defendant says
that these amounts have also been set-off against the commission due to him.

13 The defendant counterclaims against the plaintiff the sum of $797,985.00
being his commission for promoting CAA, TLI and BITC courses for the months of
April 2020 to July 2020. During the trial, the parties agreed that the proper
figure for the defendant’s commission should be $763,035.80. The breakdown of
the commission is as follows:

(a) $682,305.00 for CAA courses;

(b) $64,780.00 for TLI courses; and

(c) $15,950.80 for BITC courses.

14 The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant has done work in
promoting CAA, TLI and BITC courses from April 2020 to July 2020. There are
also no objections to the revised quantum of the commission claimed by the
defendant. The crux of the plaintiff’s case is that the defendant failed to
fulfil the necessary conditions in the 2019 MOU to be entitled to the
commission.

15 However, it is the fundamental assumption of the plaintiff’s case that the
2019 MOU extends to the defendant’s subsequent work in promoting CAA, TLI and
BITC courses. I am of the view that the 2019 MOU does not apply to the
defendant’s work in promoting CAA, TLI and BITC courses. The express scope of
the 2019 MOU applies only to “market and promote [Leadership People Management
and Service Leadership] courses". There were no references to CAA, TLI and
BITC courses in the entire 2019 MOU. It is undisputed that the CAA, TLI and
BITC courses promoted by the defendant from April 2020 to July 2020 were not
Leadership People Management and Service Leadership courses.

16 The plaintiff says the general terms of the 2019 MOU should extend to other
courses marketed by the defendant that are not covered by the 2019 MOU. I
disagree for the following reasons:

(a) First, the plaintiff says that the 2019 MOU provides that “[t]he MOU would
be in effect from the date of signing till both parties agrees to cease
collaboration in written notice”. The plaintiff further says that since there
is no written notice to terminate the parties’ collaboration, the 2019 MOU
remains in force and continues to govern the parties’ business relationship in
relation to courses that are not covered by the 2019 MOU. However, the express
scope of the 2019 MOU covers only Leadership People Management and Service
Leadership courses. Therefore, the furthest that the plaintiff could argue is
that the 2019 MOU would continue to govern the parties’ business relationship
in relation to Leadership People Management and Service Leadership courses,
should the defendant choose to market these courses for the plaintiff in the
future. It is not open to the plaintiff to interpret this clause to mean that
the 2019 MOU extends to courses beyond Leadership People Management and
Service Leadership courses.

(b) Second, the plaintiff says that it can be inferred from the defendant’s
conduct — namely, the defendant collecting and paying students’ course fees to
the plaintiff for courses that are not covered by the 2019 MOU — that the
parties agree for the 2019 MOU to apply to all courses marketed by the
defendant. I do not agree with the plaintiff. The mere fact that the defendant
collected and paid students’ course fees to the plaintiff does not mean that
the parties intended for all the terms and conditions in the 2019 MOU to
apply. Furthermore, as I will elaborate below, there are no clear provisions
in the 2019 MOU that require the defendant to collect and pay the students’
course fees to the plaintiff.

(c) Third, the plaintiff tendered evidence of a WhatsApp message in which the
plaintiff told the defendant that the commission for a BITC baking class is
12% instead of 25%, with 25% being the lower end of the commissions stated in
the 2019 MOU. The plaintiff says that the reference to 25% suggest that the
commission for courses not covered under the 2019 MOU also took reference to
the 2019 MOU. This link is tenuous. A mere reference to the amount of
commission is surely insufficient to prove that the parties agreed to import
all the terms and conditions in the 2019 MOU to all the other courses marketed
by the defendant.

17 But even assuming that the 2019 MOU was to apply, I am of the view that the
terms of the 2019 MOU do not support the plaintiff’s argument that the
defendant should be disentitled from commission in the present case.

18 First, the plaintiff says that the defendant’s entitlement to commission is
conditional upon the plaintiff receiving commission from the ATOs. The 2019
MOU provides that the plaintiff agrees to “[m]ake payment to [the defendant]
14 working days upon receiving disbursement of fund for completed [courses]”.
The plaintiff interprets this provision to mean that if the plaintiff does not
receive commissions from ATOs, he will not be liable to pay commissions to the
defendant. I disagree. The above provision seems to be referring to the time
of payment rather than the plaintiff’s obligation to make payment. If the
plaintiff seeks to exonerate himself from his contractual obligation to pay
commissions to the defendant in the event that he does not receive
disbursement of funds from the ATOs, he needs to draft such terms in clear and
express terms. Applying the rules of contra proferentem, I am inclined to
interpret this provision against the plaintiff. Further, the plaintiff had not
pleaded that such a term should be implied in the 2019 MOU.

19 Second, the plaintiff says that the defendant is not entitled to commission
for his work in promoting CAA courses because the defendant breached IBF
marketing guidelines. The 2019 MOU provides that the defendant agrees to
ensure that all marketing activities must comply with school rules and
marketing guidelines. The plaintiff says that this must be read with clause H
in Schedule 1 of the 2019 MOU which provides that “payment [is] subject to
fulfilling of all agreement stated”. The plaintiff says that read together,
this meant that he will not need to pay the defendant any commission if the
defendant violates any school rules or marketing guidelines. However, I am of
the view such an interpretation is a misreading of the contract in its
entirety for the reasons below.

20 Clauses A to G in Schedule 1 of the 2019 MOU provide for administrative
procedures that students will have to comply with to be eligible for
government funding. For instance, clause A provides that proper and valid
enrolment documents must be submitted five working days from course start date
and clause B provides that students must submit valid school requirement
supporting documents. The 2019 MOU provides that the defendant shall be
entitled to commission for every eligible participant whose funding is
approved and who fulfil all terms stated on Schedule 1. In this context, I am
of the view that the phrase “all agreement stated” in clause H refers only to
the terms and conditions stated in Schedule 1. Otherwise, every single clause
in the 2019 MOU would be treated as a condition precedent to the defendant
receiving any commission from the plaintiff for his work. If that is indeed
the plaintiff’s position, such terms need to be drafted in clear and express
terms.

21 Further, the plaintiff did not plead damages for breach of contract with
respect to the defendant’s alleged violation of marketing guidelines. Instead,
the plaintiff’s only argument is that the defendant is disqualified from
receiving commissions if he had violated marketing guidelines. Therefore,
given my finding that the defendant’s entitlement to commission is not
conditional upon his compliance with marketing guidelines, it is unnecessary
for me to decide on whether the defendant actually breached marketing
guidelines in the present case.

22 Third, the plaintiff says that the defendant is not entitled to any
commission for his work in promoting BITC courses from April 2020 to July 2020
because the defendant failed to ensure the funding eligibility of some
participants. The plaintiff tendered evidence showing that four students were
rejected for BITC courses because they took similar courses before. However,
there is nothing in the 2019 MOU suggesting that the defendant should be
disentitled to any commission payment if a few students were found to be
ineligible. Instead, the 2019 MOU provides that the plaintiff should pay the
defendant commission for “every introduction of eligible, certified competent
participants whose funding are approved”. Therefore, the mere fact that four
students were rejected from the BITC courses does not disentitle the defendant
from commission for all the other eligible students he introduced. For
completeness, the commission for the four “ineligible” students is not
included in the revised figure claimed by the defendant.

23 Fourth, the plaintiff says that the defendant should not be entitled to
commission because he breached Clause C of Schedule 1 of the 2019 MOU in
failing to make cash payment of the students’ school fees to the plaintiff. I
am unable to agree with the plaintiff. Clause C of Schedule 1 is vague. It
states “[s]kill Future Credits claims to submit valid Claim ID numbers or make
Cash payment”. There is nothing in Clause C which suggests that the defendant
must make cash payment of the school fees to the plaintiff, much less anything
to suggest that failure to do so will disentitle the defendant from receiving
commission.

24 Since the plaintiff does not dispute the defendant’s work in recruiting
students for CAA, TLI and BITC courses from the months of April 2020 to July
2020, I find that the plaintiff is liable to pay the defendant $763,035.80 in
commission.

25 Turning to the issue of whether the parties agreed for the defendant to
set-off the school fees collected from the students against any outstanding
commission, I find that the evidence is insufficient to prove the existence of
such an agreement. Although the defendant was able to show multiple instances
in which the plaintiff allowed the defendant to set-off the school fees from
the outstanding commission, there were also other instances in which the
defendant transferred the collected school fees directly to the plaintiff
before he received his commission. This suggests that there is no binding
agreement between the parties that confers the defendant a contractual right
of set-off. The plaintiff allows the defendant to set-off the school fees
collected from the commission due to him on certain occasions out of goodwill
and convenience. Therefore, I find that the defendant should return to the
plaintiff the sum of $290,310.75 being the school fees collected from students
for the months of April 2020 to July 2020.

26 Lastly, in relation to the plaintiff’s other claims to recover the advance
commission paid to the defendant and loan extended to the defendant, I note
that the defendant does not dispute the fact that these payments had been made
by the plaintiff. The defendant’s only defence is that these payments should
be set-off against the commission due to him. Given my finding that the
defendant is entitled to commission, I find that the sum of $15,298.55, being
the advance commission paid to the defendant, and the sum of $40,000.00, being
the loan extended to the defendant, should be set-off against the commission
due to the defendant.

27 To sum up, the plaintiff is liable to pay the defendant $763,035.80 in
commission for his work in promoting CAA, TLI and BITC courses from April 2020
to July 2020. The following sums should be set-off against the commission due
to the defendant:

(a) the school fees collected by the defendant, $290,310.75;

(b) the advance commission paid to the defendant, $15,298.55; and

(c) the loan extended to the defendant, $40,000.00.

Therefore, the plaintiff should make a payment of $417,426.50 to the
defendant.

28 I will hear the question of costs at a later date if parties are unable to
agree costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Lim Junchen Xavier and Vernon Bonifac Fernandez (Yeo & Associates LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Defendant in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Apr 2022 (12:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

