Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 204

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9082 of 2022

Between

| Woo Haw Ming  
---|---  
|  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Woo Haw Ming

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 204

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9082 of 2022  
Vincent Hoong J  
12 August 2022

25 August 2022 .

Vincent Hoong J:

1 The appellant, Woo Haw Ming, pleaded guilty to two charges under s 420 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) (“the First Charge” and
“the Second Charge” respectively). Two other charges, also preferred under s
420 of the Penal Code, were taken into consideration (“TIC”) for the purpose
of sentencing (“the TIC Charges”). Broadly, these charges pertain to the
appellant entering into tenancy agreements with landlords without the
intention of residing in the corresponding properties. Instead, they were used
as brothels.

2 The District Judge (“DJ”) sentenced the appellant to three months’
imprisonment per charge and ordered both sentences to run concurrently. I
dismissed the appellant’s appeal against his sentence as I found that the
sentences were not manifestly excessive. I provided brief oral grounds at the
hearing and now set out detailed grounds of my decision.

Background facts

3 The appellant was imprisoned for an unrelated offence between July and
September 2018. Therein, he became acquainted with one Eric. Upon his release
from incarceration, the appellant informed Eric that he needed money. In turn,
Eric offered him “easy money” in consideration of the appellant signing
tenancy agreements for properties intended to house KTV workers. The appellant
took up Eric’s offer. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at [2]–[3] (Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 6).

4 Acting on Eric’s instructions, the appellant contacted one Joanne, a
property agent, and expressed his interest in renting an apartment (“the
Unit”). He informed Joanne that he was in “the business of fitness equipment”
and would be occupying the Unit with two co-tenants. The appellant obtained
the NRIC of his two putative co-tenants from Eric and furnished these details
to Joanne. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF at [4]–[6] (ROP at pp 6–7).

5 On 31 January 2019, the appellant entered into a tenancy agreement with
Mvjestic Holdings Pte Ltd (“the Landlord”) in respect of the Unit (“the First
Tenancy Agreement”). The First Tenancy Agreement spanned 12 months and
stipulated that rent was payable at $3,200 per month. In entering the First
Tenancy Agreement, the appellant deceived the Landlord into believing that (a)
he, along with his co-tenants, would be tenants of the Unit; and (b) he would
observe all the covenants of the First Tenancy Agreement, including not to use
the Unit for any illegal purpose and not to part with possession of the Unit
without the Landlord’s written consent. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF at [7]–[9] (ROP at p 7).

6 Eric instructed the appellant to leave the keys to the Unit and the tenancy
documents on a table in the Unit. The appellant complied and additionally,
left the door to the Unit unlocked. Neither he nor his co-tenants occupied the
Unit at any point in time. The appellant was paid $100 for performing the acts
outlined at [4] to [6] (which formed the subject of the First Charge). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at [11] (ROP at p 8).

7 Sometime before 4 December 2019, Eric instructed the appellant to renew the
First Tenancy Agreement. The appellant thus entered into a second 12-month
tenancy agreement with the Landlord, which began on 31 January 2020 at the
prevailing rent of $3,200 (“the Second Tenancy Agreement”). Again, in so
doing, the appellant deceived the Landlord into believing that, together with
his co-tenants, he would occupy the Unit and observe the associated covenants.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at [13]–[14] (ROP at p 8).

The appellant was, however, not paid for his acts in relation to the Second
Tenancy Agreement. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at [15] (ROP at p 8).

8 Subsequently, on 26 December 2019, police officers raided the Unit and
arrested three female subjects for offences under the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 2009 Rev Ed). These three female subjects admitted to soliciting sexual
services online and providing sex for profit. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at [18] (ROP at p 9).

The DJ’s decision

9 In so far as there were no reported decisions dealing with offences under s
420 of the Penal Code involving fraudulent tenancies, the DJ approached
sentencing from first principles and developed a two-stage, five-step
sentencing framework with reference to Logachev Vladislav v Public Prosecutor
[2018] 4 SLR 609 (“Logachev”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

GD at [32] (ROP at p 66).

The DJ’s grounds of decision can be found at Public Prosecutor v Woo Haw Ming
[2022] SGDC 110.

10 At the first stage of her analysis, the DJ identified and itemised the
offence-specific and offender-specific factors. Offence-specific factors that
went towards harm included the “[f]rustration of government regulations”,
“[p]ublic policy considerations”, “[d]ifficulty in detection” and the
“[p]revalence of paper tenancy offences”. Offence-specific factors that were
relevant to an offender’s culpability spanned an offender’s knowledge of the
illicit nature of “paper tenancies”, the number of properties involved, the
duration of offending and the offender’s role. As for offender-specific
factors, aggravating elements included offences that were TIC for the purpose
of sentencing and an offender’s history of offending while mitigating factors
included a plea of guilt and co-operation with the authorities. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

GD at [33] (ROP at p 67).

11 In dealing with the offence-specific factors, the DJ noted that the
appellant’s offences: (a) frustrated the regulatory framework aimed at
“polic[ing] the type of activities that [went] on at private residences behind
closed doors” as well as the public interest in upholding public decency in
the community; (b) were part of a “well-orchestrated operation”; (c) were
difficult to detect; and (d) were an example of increasingly prevalent “paper
tenancy offences”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [35]–[40] (ROP at pp 68–70).

The DJ also found that the appellant had some awareness that the Unit would be
used for illegal activities. Whilst the Defence had submitted to the contrary,
the DJ noted that the highly irregular tenancy agreements – including the fact
that the appellant did not reside in the Unit despite being listed as an
occupier – must have alerted the appellant to the fact that the Unit would
likely be used for an illicit activity. Coupled with the fact that the
appellant signed multiple rental agreements over 11 months, the DJ considered
that the appellant’s culpability “was not insignificant”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [41]–[47] (ROP at pp 70–72).

12 Turning to the offender-specific factors, the DJ observed that two other
similar charges under s 420 of the Penal Code were TIC for the purpose of
sentencing. She placed mitigating weight on the appellant’s plea of guilt and
his co-operation with the authorities. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at [48]–[54] (ROP at pp 72–74).

13 For completeness, the DJ considered that two of the cases the Prosecution
cited (which involved harm that was “not easily quantifiable”), namely Public
Prosecutor v Mikhy K Farrera Brochez [2017] SGDC 92 (“Mikhy”) and Dong Guitian
v Public Prosecutor [2004] 3 SLR(R) 34 (“Dong”), provided guidance in
ascribing a value to the offence-specific factor concerning the frustration of
government policy and regulations and in arriving at an indicative sentence in
the present case. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

GD at [57]–[59] (ROP at pp 74–76).

Contrastingly, she placed no weight on the unreported cases the Defence cited.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at [60]–[70] (ROP at pp 76–79).

14 In the final analysis, the DJ placed both the level of harm disclosed and
the appellant’s culpability “at the higher end of the low band”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at [55] (ROP at p 74).

She considered that a sentence of up to six months imprisonment was
appropriate for a case involving low harm and low culpability but arrived at a
final sentence of three months’ imprisonment per proceeded charge after
balancing the aforesaid offence-specific and offender-specific factors. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

GD at [71] (ROP at p 79); GD at [72]–[75] (ROP at pp 79–81).

The DJ ordered the sentences to run concurrently as they “arose from the same
set of facts”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

GD at [75] (ROP at p 80).

The parties’ submissions

The appellant’s submissions

15 The appellant submitted that the DJ erred in law and/or fact in four
respects. First, the DJ accorded excessive weight to the offence-specific
factors that were relevant to the harm occasioned by the appellant’s offences.
In particular, there was no basis for the DJ to find that sham tenancies
frustrate government regulations (given that there are no government agencies
regulating tenancy agreements) or were prevalent. Moreover, the financial harm
caused to landlords by sham tenancies is mitigated by a landlord’s recourse to
the rental deposit. Sham tenancies also do not require elaborate planning. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Appellant’s Submissions dated 2 August 2022 (“AS”) at [29]–[43].

16 Second, the DJ accorded excessive weight to the offence-specific factors
that went towards the appellant’s culpability. Pertinently, the DJ had no
basis to infer that the appellant had some awareness that the Unit would be
used for illegal activities or to find that the appellant’s offending conduct
permeated 11 months when the appellant had signed three sham tenancy
agreements within three weeks and renewed one of these agreements 11 months
later. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AS at [44]–[50].

17 Third, the DJ offended the rule against double counting by both treating
the charges TIC for the purpose of sentencing as an offence-specific factor
relevant to the offender’s culpability and a separate aggravating factor. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AS at [51]–[54].

18 Fourth, the DJ placed undue weight on Mikhy and Dong. Mikhy and Dong can be
distinguished as they involve the frustration of governmental regulations
which caused palpable harm. There was no evidence presently that government
regulations were frustrated, and any harm caused by the appellant’s actions
was mitigated by the Landlord’s recourse to the rental deposits. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AS at [55]–[57].

19 Following from the above, and with reference to various unreported
precedents, the appellant submitted that a sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment
per proceeded charge was fair and just. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AS at [58]–[78].

The respondent’s submissions

20 The respondent submitted as follows. The factors that the DJ considered in
assessing the harm occasioned by the appellant’s offences were valid.
Fraudulent tenancies have serious and wider repercussions on society; they
frustrate governmental interest in holding tenants accountable for actions
that take place within rented premises. Moreover, it was reasonable for the DJ
to find that there was a sophisticated and well-orchestrated operation
undergirding the appellant’s offences. The appellant entered into the
fraudulent tenancies on behalf of Eric (who communicated with the appellant at
arm’s length), the tenancies were monitored and renewed before they fell due,
and females were subsequently recruited to run the vice operations. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 2 August 2022 (“RS”) at [17]–[26].

21 Likewise, the factors that the DJ had regard to in calibrating the
culpability of the appellant were valid. The DJ correctly held that the
suspicious circumstances of the transactions must have alerted the appellant
that something illicit was being planned. The appellant had been asked to sign
the agreements for no reason, had not been given a reason why Eric could not
sign the agreements, was paid money for signing the agreements, was listed as
the occupier of the Unit despite having no intention to reside in the Unit and
had been told to leave the keys to the unit and the tenancy agreement in the
Unit. In this regard, Chang Kar Meng v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 68
(“Chang Kar Meng”) is authority for the proposition that a court can draw
inferences in determining the relevant factual matrix for sentencing purposes,
so long as there is a sufficient factual basis to support the inference. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

RS at [27]–[30].

22 In a similar vein, the DJ did not find that the appellant’s offending
behaviour persisted for 11 months but that it persisted when the opportunity
presented itself 11 months later. In any event, while the appellant first
signed the tenancy agreements in January 2019, the effect of his deception and
any vice-related activities permeated the entire duration of the tenancy. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

RS at [33].

23 Next, the DJ did not err in having regard to Mikhy and Dong. While neither
Mikhy nor Dong involved facts similar to the present case, they show that
“non-financial harm that has a wider public policy impact is a relevant
aggravating factor in sentencing”. In other words, the non-financial, societal
consequences of an offender’s deception must be considered in calibrating the
appropriate sentence to be imposed. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

RS at [34]–[38].

24 Finally, the DJ did not offend the rule against double counting. The DJ was
justified in considering the fact that the appellant had signed multiple
tenancy agreements in assessing his culpability and in treating his TIC
charges as an offender-specific aggravating factor. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

RS at [39]–[42].

My decision

Preliminary observations

25 To begin, although parties understandably sought to justify their
respective positions with reference to the DJ’s sentencing framework (which
she modelled after the framework set out in Logachev), I had my reservations
on whether offences under s 420 of the Penal Code involving fraudulent
tenancies lend themselves well to a sentencing framework modelled after
Logachev. The two-stage, five-step Logachev sentencing framework eschews a
focus on the principal factual elements of the cases and instead employs at
the first step, a general holistic assessment of the seriousness of the
offence by reference to all the offence-specific factors rather than the
principal factual elements. These offence-specific factors can be in turn
broken down into factors that go towards the offender’s culpability and the
harm caused by the offender’s actions. Thereafter, the court identifies the
applicable indicative sentencing range within the sentencing matrix based on
the level of harm and culpability disclosed, locates the appropriate
indicative starting point within that range, makes adjustments to the
indicative starting point by considering offender-specific factors and makes
further adjustments (if any) to the sentence to take into account the totality
principle (Logachev at [75]–[84]).

26 As I observed in Sue Chang v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGHC 176, however,
the Logachev sentencing approach combines the granularity of a sentencing
matrix model with the holistic nature of the sentencing of the sentencing
bands approach. It may thus be better suited for offences where a broad range
of outcomes may arise under the specific axes of harm or culpability (at
[64]). Thus, in Ye Lin Myint v Public Prosecutor [2019] 5 SLR 1005, one of the
reasons the High Court considered that a Logachev sentencing framework could
aptly govern offences under s 507 of the Penal Code, which concerns criminal
intimidation by an anonymous communication, was that such a framework “would
more fully capture the wide diversity of acts punishable under s 507 [of the
Penal Code]” (at [46]). The difficulty with fashioning a sentencing framework
with reference to Logachev to deal with fraudulent tenancies is that these
offences tend to manifest in a particular manner, viz, an offender deceives a
landlord into believing that he intends to reside in the property when he
possesses no such intention and where the property is then used for other,
often nefarious, purposes. Any variation amongst offences involving fraudulent
tenancies, for instance in the eventual use of the property or an offender’s
role in the criminal enterprise, is not – at least, presently – so wide that
it demands a general holistic assessment of the seriousness of the offence in
the spirit of Logachev.

27 Additionally, I also found the particulars of the DJ’s proposed sentencing
framework to be doctrinally suspect. For instance, apart from noting that the
court ought to utilise the full range sentencing range prescribed by
Parliament, the DJ provided no explanation for her determination that a
sentence of up to six months imprisonment was appropriate for an offence
disclosing low harm and low culpability. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

GD at [71] (ROP at p 79).

It was not self-evident or intuitive that this should be the indicative
sentencing range, especially when the maximum punishment for an offence under
s 420 of the Penal Code (ten years’ imprisonment) was brought to bear upon the
analysis. In a similar vein, I did not agree that “[p]ublic policy
considerations”, “[d]ifficulty in detection” and the “[p]revalence of paper
tenancy offences” were offence-specific factors that went towards harm. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

GD at [33] (ROP at p 67).

These considerations did not pertain to the manner and mode by which an
offence is committed (see Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2
SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) at [39(a)]).

28 In my view, there is some merit in establishing a presumptive sentence for
offenders who enter into fraudulent tenancies. This would ensure consistency
in sentencing while maintaining an appropriate level of flexibility and
discretion for sentencing courts. To this extent, the single starting point
approach (which calls for the identification of a notional starting point
which will then be adjusted to take into account any aggravating or mitigating
factors) and the benchmark approach (which provides the focal point against
which sentences in subsequent cases can be determined) warrant serious
consideration; both approaches are “particularly suited for offences which
overwhelmingly manifest in a particular way” (Terence Ng at [23], [27]–[28],
[31]–[32]). Nevertheless, as parties did not submit on this issue, I left it
for consideration on another occasion.

29 Before I deal with whether the sentences meted out by the DJ were
manifestly excessive, I make one other observation. In the proceedings below
and before me, counsel for the appellant, Mr Markandu, suggested that some
weight could be accorded to unreported precedents in so far as they offer a
“useful point of reference” in the court’s final determination of whether a
sentence is just and fair. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AS at [73]–[77].

I found that there was limited utility in this exercise. It is trite that
unreported decisions lack sufficient particulars to paint the entire factual
landscape required to appreciate the precise sentences imposed (Abdul Aziz bin
Mohamed Hanib v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2022] SGHC 101 at [173]).
The reason for placing little, if any, weight on unreported precedents –
namely, that they are unreasoned, and it is therefore not possible to discern
what had weighed on the mind of the sentencing judge (Janardana Jayasankarr v
Public Prosecutor [2016] 4 SLR 1288 at [13(b)]) – suggests that they cannot
meaningfully serve even the limited function Mr Markandu sought.

The appeal against sentence

30 Turning to the appeal against sentence, I found there to be insufficient
grounds to intervene with either the individual or global sentence imposed.
Before me, Mr Markandu submitted that there was nothing in the Statement of
Facts to ground the DJ’s inference that the appellant had knowledge that the
premises would be used for vice-related activities. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AS at [28], [45]–[47].

Mr Markandu further referred me to the Notes of Evidence (“NE”) of the
proceedings below wherein the Prosecution purportedly conceded that the
appellant’s knowledge that Eric had allowed multiple women to reside in the
property (or lack thereof) was not relevant to his culpability. I did not find
that the DJ so erred. Reading the salient portions of the NE in context, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROP at pp 38–40.

I found that the Prosecution merely conceded that whether the appellant knew
that Eric operated within a broader syndicate was not relevant to the
appellant’s culpability. This was, however, qualitatively distinct from the
question of whether the appellant knew that the Unit would be exploited for
vice. In this regard, while “[t]he charges and the statement of facts
constitute the four corners of the case” against a person who pleads guilty
(Public Prosecutor v Development 26 Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 309 at [16]), I
accepted that a court may draw inferences from undisputed facts in determining
the relevant factual matrix for sentencing purposes (Chang Kar Meng at
[38]–[39]). That the appellant signed the First and Second Tenancy Agreements
with no intention to reside in the premises, did so for $100 under the
instructions of Eric (who did not account for why he could not have signed the
agreement himself) and was instructed to leave the keys and the tenancy
agreement in the Unit (with the Unit unlocked) grounded the ineluctable
inference that he knew the Unit would be used for illicit activities.

31 Next, I found the appellant’s arguments that there was no basis for the DJ
to assert that sham tenancies frustrate government regulations or that the
Landlord suffered limited loss because he had recourse to the rental deposit
to be misplaced. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AS at [34]–[35], [49].

Both contentions were united by a myopic view of the harm occasioned by the
appellant’s conduct (and, at a more general level, by fraudulent tenancies).
To construe the harm caused as being confined to the Landlord’s pecuniary loss
unjustifiably elides any consideration of the fact that the Landlord did not
consent to having his property exploited for vice. Furthermore, due weight
must be accorded to the fact that the appellant facilitated the provision of
unregulated sexual services and introduced (presently, unbridged) distance
between law enforcement authorities and the perpetrators of the broader
illicit scheme such as Eric. The private, contractual nature of the tenancy
agreements did not detract from the clear public interest in deterring the
proliferation of such fraudulent tenancies.

32 I was likewise unable to accept the appellant’s contention that the DJ
erred in having regard to Mikhy and Dong, which the Prosecution contended (in
proceedings below) were instructive in so far as they also concerned offenders
who perpetrated deception “aimed at circumventing government regulations” and
where the harm occasioned pertained to the “subver[sion of] the proper
operation of the [said] regulations”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

GD at [57] (ROP at p 74).

Mikhy involved an offender who committed, inter alia, an offence under s 420
of the Penal Code by submitting a falsified HIV blood test to the Ministry of
Manpower (“MOM”), and thereby obtained an Employment Pass. For this offence,
he was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AS at [32]; RS at [36(b)].

Dong concerned a director of a construction company who successfully submitted
two false applications to the MOM to obtain approval for the recruitment of
workers from the People’s Republic of China. He was charged with two offences
under s 420 of the Penal Code and sentenced to six months’ imprisonment per
charge. The sentences meted out in Mikhy and Dong were upheld on appeal. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

HC/MA 9071/2017/01; Dong Guitian v Public Prosecutor [2004] 3 SLR(R) 34.

33 At this juncture, I pause to mention that the Prosecution’s reliance on
Mikhy and Dong (as well as Mr Markandu’s reliance on unreported precedents)
throws the paucity of reasoned decisions dealing with fraudulent tenancies
into sharp relief. This might bolster the case for the promulgation of a
presumptive sentence or a sentencing framework to deal with offences under s
420 of the Penal Code involving fraudulent tenancies (see [28] above and Huang
Ying-Chun v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 606 at [32]).

34 Returning to the appellant’s submission, while there was force in the
contention that Mikhy and Dong were not directly analogous precedents,
involving, as they did, the frustration of manpower policy, the manner and
context in which the DJ had regard to Mikhy and Dong had to be borne in mind.
More specifically, the DJ considered that Mikhy and Dong were cases disclosing
harm that was not “easily quantifiable” and thus provided “important
indicators for arriving at a starting sentence in [the present] case”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

GD at [58] (ROP at pp 75–76).

I found no reason to interfere with this. Even if Mikhy and Dong involved
deception in different contexts, the DJ was entitled to consider these two
cases as guides to ensure that the sentences she imposed on the appellant were
sufficient and proportionate to his overall criminality. This is consistent
with the principle of cardinal proportionality which demands that the ultimate
sentence meted out by any court must adequately reflect the relative
seriousness of the present offence as against the full range of possible
offences under the relevant statutory provision (Public Prosecutor v Tan Thian
Earn [2016] 3 SLR 269 at [37], [40]).

35 Finally, I deal with the appellant’s submission that the DJ transgressed
the rule against double counting by treating the TIC Charges both as an
offence-specific factor relevant to the appellant’s culpability and as an
independent aggravating factor. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AS at [51]–[54].

The central concern of the rule against double counting is that a sentencing
factor should be given only its due weight in the sentencing analysis and
nothing more (Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799
(“Raveen”) at [98(d)]). This is, however, not to say that a sentencing factor
must be considered in silo or invariably only has relevance at one stage of
the sentencing exercise. Rather, the rule against double counting prohibits a
court from attributing weight to a sentencing factor where this “has already
been fully factored into the sentencing equation” [emphasis added] (ADF v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ADF”) at [92]). I
accorded a degree of deference to the DJ and declined to intervene with the
sentences imposed merely because she made repeated mention of the appellant’s
TIC Charges. As explained in Raveen, the due weight to be accorded to a
sentencing factor (which does not form the basis of a charge framed against
the offender or of a statutorily enhanced sentence) entails a degree of
judgment and the mere fact that a sentencing factor is mentioned in separate
parts of a decision should not, without more, be taken to constitute double
counting (at [91]). To hold otherwise would imbue sentencing with an overly
formalistic character when “[t]he sentencing process is not – and ought not to
be – a mechanistic one” (ADF at [218]).

36 In the final analysis, the threshold for appellate intervention was not met
and I thus dismissed the appeal. In coming to my decision, I agreed with the
respondent that the appellant committing the offences shortly after being
released from custody and the difficulty in detecting fraudulent tenancies
drew considerations of specific and general deterrence to the forefront of the
sentencing calculus (Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at
[21], [25(d)]).

Vincent HoongJudge of the High Court| |   
---|---|---  
  
---  
  
Asoka Markandu (Anitha & Asoka LLC) for the appellant;

Deputy Attorney-General Tai Wei Shyong, Norine Tan and Timothy Ong (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 25 Aug 2022 (12:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

