Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGCA 53

Criminal Motion No 3 of 2022

Between

Gaiyathiri d/o Murugayan  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Compensation and costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Gaiyathiri d/o Murugayan

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGCA 53

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 3 of 2022  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, Judith Prakash JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
12 May 2022

15 July 2022 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 At the hearing of Criminal Motion No 3 of 2022 (“CM 3”) on 4 May 2022, the
respondent sought a personal costs against former counsel of the applicant, Mr
Joseph Chen (“Mr Chen”), under whose watch CM 3 had been filed. In our ex
tempore judgment dismissing CM 3 in its entirety (see Gaiyathiri d/o Murugayan
v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGCA 38 (“the Judgment”)), we directed that both Mr
Chen and the respondent tender written submissions on whether a personal costs
order should be made against Mr Chen, and if so, the quantum of costs that are
to be paid. After the parties’ written submissions were filed, we asked Mr
Chen if he wished to make oral submissions before us. Mr Chen initially
indicated that he wished to do so but later informed the court on 25 May 2022
that he was agreeable to us deciding the issue of a personal costs order
without an oral hearing. In his correspondence to the court, Mr Chen also
raised a few points that he urged us to consider, in addition to his written
submissions. The respondent subsequently also informed the court that it had
no objection to Mr Chen’s request and responded to Mr Chen’s further points in
its own correspondence to the court. Having carefully considered both the
parties’ written submissions and the arguments that they have canvassed in
their subsequent correspondence to the court, we now deliver our decision.

2 We begin with the applicable legal principles. In determining whether it
should exercise its powers to make personal costs orders against defence
counsel, the court considers: (a) whether counsel has acted “improperly,
unreasonably or negligently”; (b) if so, whether such conduct by counsel
caused the other party to incur “unnecessary costs”; and (c) if so, whether it
is “in all the circumstances just” to order counsel to compensate the other
party for the whole or any part of the costs incurred (see the decision of
this court in Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin v Public Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 377
(“Syed Suhail”) at [19]). As this court also held in Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd v
Samsung C&T Corp [2018] 2 SLR 532, one situation where a personal costs order
may be appropriate “is where the solicitor advances a wholly disingenuous case
or files utterly ill-conceived applications even though the solicitor ought to
have known better and advised his client against such a course of action” (at
[67]). In our view, this is precisely what had occurred in the present case.

3 In particular, we agree with the respondent that Mr Chen’s conduct of CM 3
has fallen short of what is expected of reasonable defence counsel, and would
be regarded as improper according to the consensus of professional opinion. Mr
Chen had failed in his duty to consider the merits of CM 3 and had facilitated
the filing of CM 3 despite it being obviously bound to fail.

4 The part of CM 3 seeking discovery was patently unmeritorious. As we have
explained in the Judgment (at [12]-[17]), there was no legal or factual basis
on which we could have ordered disclosure of the materials sought by the
applicant.

5 More critically, Mr Chen would have known that this part of CM 3 was bound
to fail. None of the materials for which disclosure was sought was in the
possession of the respondent. This was also the applicant’s own position - it
is implicit in her supporting affidavit for CM 3 that she had recognised that
most (if not all) of the materials for which disclosure was sought were in the
possession of the Singapore Prison Service (“the SPS”). That alone would have
made it clear to Mr Chen that this part of CM 3 was unsustainable since the
respondent was the only other party to CM 3. Mr Chen now claims that it never
occurred to him that requests for documents should have been made directly to
the SPS and he had genuinely thought that the respondent could act as a
conduit between the applicant and the SPS in facilitating these requests for
documents. However, the prayers in CM 3 suggest otherwise. Prayer 2
(specifically seeking discovery of the applicant’s children’s medical records
from their private paediatrician) is specifically directed at “the Prison
Authorities” while prayer 1 (seeking discovery of all the other materials)
states that the order therein is sought as against the respondent “and/or the
Prison Authorities”. This demonstrates that Mr Chen had recognised the
respondent and the SPS as being distinct entities. He must therefore also have
recognised that any materials from the SPS would have to be obtained directly
from it and not through the respondent, as he now claims. That is the only
possible explanation for why he had found it necessary to specifically
identify the SPS as the party against which the orders in prayers 1 and 2 of
CM 3 were sought.

6 More specifically, we consider it likely that Mr Chen had given no
consideration whatsoever to the merits or necessity of this part of CM 3 and
had simply facilitated its filing at the applicant’s instructions. For
instance, although the applicant had access to her children’s medical records
from their private paediatrician (which she was able to annex to her reply
affidavit for CM 3), CM 3 nevertheless sought disclosure of these records.
According to an affidavit filed by the SPS on the respondent’s behalf in CM 3,
the SPS had facilitated the applicant’s request for these medical records on
21 August 2021. The private paediatrician subsequently provided a reply with
the applicant’s children’s medical reports on 5 October 2021, and the SPS then
issued these reports to the applicant. Both the applicant and Mr Chen did not
dispute this. All of this goes towards suggesting that Mr Chen had never once
considered if discovery of all or any part of those materials sought had been
necessary before CM 3 was filed on 25 January 2022. This is also symptomatic
of how he had failed to make any assessment of the merits of CM 3 before
invoking the court’s processes.

7 The part of CM 3 relating to the application for leave to adduce a
psychiatric report by Dr Jacob Rajesh (“Dr Rajesh”) as further evidence is
even more egregious. By way of context, for the purposes of the applicant’s
guilty plea, the Prosecution and Defence agreed that the psychiatric
assessment by one Dr Derrick Yeo (“Dr Yeo”) was to be taken as reflective of
her mental state at the time she had committed the offences (see the Judgment
at [2]). The applicant contends that in the alleged further report, Dr Rajesh
sets out his disagreement with Dr Yeo’s assessment of her psychiatric
condition (see the Judgment at [4]). Leaving the merits of that application
aside, which we have observed in the Judgment (at [22]) to be doubtful, it
would have been clear to Mr Chen from the outset that this part of CM 3 was
bound to fail because the alleged further report by Dr Rajesh had not even
been put before us and there was no basis on which we could have considered
the application (see the Judgment at [21]).

8 In his written submissions urging us to not impose a personal costs order,
Mr Chen asserts, for the first time, that the applicant’s impecuniosity had
prevented her from obtaining the alleged further report and putting it before
the court for the purposes of CM 3, and that he too was in no financial
position to assist the applicant on the same. This amounts to an implicit
acceptance by Mr Chen that up until the hearing of CM 3 on 4 May 2022, the
alleged further report was non-existent. By proceeding with this part of CM 3
in spite of the absence of the alleged further report, Mr Chen acted
improperly and unreasonably. He encumbered the court with a hopeless
application that was nothing but a waste of the court’s time.

9 In any event, there is no evidence to support Mr Chen’s assertion about the
applicant’s impecuniosity and the consequent difficulties she faced in
obtaining the alleged further report. This point has been raised for the first
time by Mr Chen, presumably for his own benefit. In fact, as early as October
2021, Mr Chen had informed the court that the applicant was seeking leave to
adduce a further psychiatric report and that arrangements were being made to
obtain such a report. Mr Chen never once thereafter informed the court that
the applicant faced difficulty in obtaining the alleged further report. Even
if Mr Chen’s assertion about the applicant’s impecuniosity were true, it can
provide no excuse for his conduct. Mr Chen could (and should) have informed
the court about the difficulty faced by the applicant and sought the necessary
directions. In fact, if there were any truth in Mr Chen’s assertion about the
applicant’s impecuniosity, he would have done a grave disservice to his then-
client (the applicant) by failing to ensure that CM 3 only proceeded to
hearing when the relevant documents had been obtained.

10 Mr Chen also claims that the part of CM 3 seeking a Newton Hearing was
justified because the applicant had wanted to know if a Newton Hearing could
be convened notwithstanding the agreement between the Prosecution and the
Defence to adopt Dr Yeo’s assessment of her mental state for her guilty plea
(see [7] above). However, given that the alleged further report by Dr Rajesh
had not even been put before us, there could be no difference between Dr Yeo’s
and Dr Rajesh’s assessment of the applicant’s mental state to speak of, and
there was similarly no basis on which we could have considered the part of CM
3 seeking a Newton Hearing.

11 In both his written submissions and subsequent correspondence to the court,
Mr Chen urges us to not impose a personal costs order because he had acted in
good faith and genuinely believed that the reliefs prayed for in CM 3 would be
granted. Mr Chen relies on the decision of this court in Abdul Kahar bin
Othman v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 1394 (“Abdul Kahar”). In that case,
the applicant, who had been convicted of drug trafficking and sentenced to
death, applied for this court to reopen his concluded appeal, raising
arguments relating to the constitutionality and interpretation of s 33B of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”). We found no merit in
the application and dismissed it. In that case, we declined to make a personal
costs order as sought by the Prosecution against counsel because we were of
the view that counsel had believed in good faith (albeit mistakenly) that a
challenge to the constitutionality of s 33B of the MDA was not bound to fail
(at [69]-[70]). The applicant had initially wished to make a fresh application
to the court on “psychiatric grounds” but counsel advised him that there was
no merit in such an application. However, counsel thought that an issue which
was not obviously bound to fail was that relating to the constitutionality of
s 33B of the MDA. Nevertheless, he advised the applicant to appoint another
lawyer to represent him. Counsel only eventually acceded to representing the
applicant after requests by the applicant’s family, and also because the
applicant was facing the death penalty.

12 As we have emphasised in Syed Suhail ([2] above), a mere good faith belief
by counsel in the merits of the case, without reasonable basis, will not
necessarily preclude a personal costs order from being made (at [47]). As we
have also emphasised in Syed Suhail, our decision in Abdul Kahar does not
stand for the proposition that a personal costs order will not be made against
defence counsel whenever they have acted in good faith, because that would
simply allow entirely negligent solicitors who genuinely believe their own
faulty arguments to escape the consequences of their conduct (at [47]). In
this judgment, we have also set out the facts in Abdul Kahar at some length to
emphasise how fact-specific our decision in that case to not order personal
costs against counsel had been. Although counsel’s belief in the merits of a
constitutional challenge to s 33B of the MDA had been misplaced, we were
persuaded, given the circumstances in which he came to represent the applicant
in the application, that he had acted in good faith.

13 In this case, a mere good faith belief by Mr Chen in the merits of CM 3
does not assist him because quite clearly, that belief had been held without
reasonable basis. The circumstances of this case also do not lend the
impression that Mr Chen had acted in good faith. This is because CM 3 had not
merely been unmeritorious; it was entirely without basis and so Mr Chen must
have known that it was nothing but a waste of the court’s time. As explained
in the Judgment, none of the materials for which disclosure had been sought
was in the possession of the respondent, a position which Mr Chen must have
been aware of (see the Judgment at [13]-[14]). We were also left with no
option except to dismiss the application for leave to adduce further evidence
because the alleged further report by Dr Rajesh had not even been put before
us (see the Judgment at [21]). We are therefore not persuaded that Mr Chen had
acted in good faith in facilitating the filing of CM 3.

14 Finally, we address two other points which Mr Chen has urged us to consider
in his subsequent correspondence to the court. First, he says that he had been
helping the applicant “from a humanitarian perspective” and “from [the
applicant’s] children’s point of view” because a custodial sentence of 30
years imposed on the applicant means that she could not be with them during
their formative years. We do not see how this has any bearing on our decision
to impose a personal costs order against Mr Chen. Whatever reasons counsel
might have for taking on their client’s case, it does not excuse them from
their duty as officers of the court to assess the merits of their client’s
case before invoking the court’s processes (see the decision of this court in
Miya Manik v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2021] 2 SLR 1169 at [87]).
Indeed, if Mr Chen truly took up his appointment in order to help the
applicant “from a humanitarian perspective”, then he should, all the more,
have properly advised the applicant on the merits of CM 3 and ensure that the
reliefs therein had been properly sought and that all relevant materials like
the alleged further report had been put before the court for the hearing of CM
3; quite clearly, Mr Chen has not done any of that.

15 Second, Mr Chen raises a somewhat cryptic point that “the applicant cannot
afford to pay the costs”. If what Mr Chen meant by this is that a personal
costs order should not be made because of the applicant’s impecuniosity, then
we have no hesitation to reject this point, because the costs order is made
against Mr Chen personally and not the applicant. If what Mr Chen meant by
this is that he only came to represent the applicant because of her
impecuniosity, we do not see that it has much bearing on our decision to
impose a personal costs order. Even if Mr Chen came to represent the applicant
out of goodwill, it does not excuse him from his duty as an officer of the
court to consider the merits of the applicant’s case before invoking the
court’s processes. It is one thing if counsel had considered the merits of his
client’s case and erred in his assessment (for example, like in Abdul Kahar
([11] above)) but quite another if counsel simply gave no such consideration
to the case concerned at all (as appears to have been the case here).

16 For the foregoing reasons, we order Mr Chen to pay costs of $3,000 (all-in)
to the respondent. The usual consequential orders are to apply.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
  
The applicant (in person);

Mohamed Faizal SC, Senthilkumaran Sabapathy and Sean Teh (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Jul 2022 (15:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

