Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION of

  

the HIGH COURT OF THE republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 82

Suit No 311 of 2021

Between

Zhong Lingyun

… Plaintiff

And

Yuan Fang

… Defendant

judgment

[Contract — Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zhong Lingyun

  
v

  

Yuan Fang

[2022] SGHC 82

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 311 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
22 February 2022; 5 April 2022

12 April 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was the sole director Fu Xin Construction Pte Ltd (“the
Company”) and appeared to be managing the Company although his daughter, Zhong
Rong, was the 100% shareholder. On 2 October 2017, the defendant was employed
by the Company as a manager.

2 On 27 April 2018, the plaintiff handed over the management of the Company to
the defendant because the plaintiff had to attend to financial disputes in
China and may not be able to return to Singapore. On the same day, the
plaintiff drafted a memorandum under which the plaintiff would transfer 70%
shareholding in the Company to the defendant, with the remaining 30%
shareholding held by Zhong Rong (“the Memorandum”). Under the Memorandum, the
defendant shall pay the salary and CPF of the plaintiff, Zhong Rong, and one
Shen Jing for a period of five years. Only the plaintiff and the defendant
were present at the signing of the Memorandum.

3 On 9 May 2018, the plaintiff returned to Singapore and the parties entered
into a Cooperation Agreement which similarly stated that the plaintiff was to
transfer 70% of the shareholding in the Company to the defendant by May 2018,
with the remaining 30% shareholding held by Zhong Rong. The Cooperation
Agreement contains an appendix which lists out the Company’s various assets,
which includes:

(a) total office supplies valued at $32,593.07;

(b) an Audi A8 car valued at $203,442.00;

(c) construction tools valued at $5,060.65; and

(d) $113,778.58 in cash.

4 Based on the aforementioned assets, the Company was valued at $350,000.00.
The Cooperation Agreement further provides that the defendant shall
$350,000.00 to the plaintiff, Shen Jing and Zhong Rong in the form of salary
and CPF, for a period of five years and at an annual return rate of 12%. This
amounts to a total monthly payment of $9333.00 for a period of five years. The
Cooperation Agreement also contains a provision stating that “both parties
shall not go back on their words, if one party goes back on his words, he
shall pay a penalty of $500,000.00 to the other party for breach of contract”.

5 Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the plaintiff’s daughter, Zhong Rong,
transferred 70% of the shares in the Company to the defendant on 11 May 2018.
The plaintiff says that the defendant failed to make the necessary payments
under the Cooperation Agreement and that the defendant terminated Zhong Rong’s
employment pass at the end of May 2018 without consulting the plaintiff. This
resulted in disputes between the parties.

6 On 14 June 2018, the parties entered into a settlement agreement
(“Settlement Agreement”) which was written in both Chinese and English. The
preamble of the Settlement Agreement expressly states that the Settlement
Agreement shall take precedence over the Cooperation Agreement that was
previously signed by the parties. The Settlement Agreement also provides that:

(a) the plaintiff shall procure the transfer of the remaining 30% of shares of
the Company held by Zhong Rong to the defendant within 5 working days from the
date of the Settlement Agreement;

(b) the defendant shall pay $350,000.00 to the plaintiff within 2 years from
the date of the Settlement Agreement;

(c) in the event that the defendant fails to pay the prescribed sum, the
plaintiff shall be entitled to apply to the court for judgment entered against
the defendant; and

(d) the Settlement Agreement constitutes the entire and final settlement.

7 Consequently, and pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the plaintiff’s
daughter transferred the remaining 30% shares of the Company to the defendant
on 21 June 2018. However, the defendant failed to make payment to the
plaintiff by 14 June 2020. The plaintiff instructed his solicitor to send a
letter of demand to the defendant on 1 September 2020 for the payment of the
$350,000.00. The defendant sent the plaintiff’s solicitors an email dated 26
October 2020, stating that he tried to contact the plaintiff since 1 May 2020
but to no avail. In the same email, the defendant acknowledged that he signed
the Settlement Agreement with the plaintiff and sought to extend the payment
deadline stated in the Settlement Agreement because he was affected
financially by the COVID-19 pandemic. It should be noted that nowhere in this
email did the defendant dispute his liability to pay the plaintiff under the
Settlement Agreement.

8 The plaintiff then instructed his solicitors to send the defendant a letter
dated 2 November 2020 which stated that the plaintiff agrees to extend the
payment deadline to 31 December 2020, on the condition that a monthly interest
of 8% will accrue on the outstanding debt from 15 June 2020 until full payment
has been made by the defendant (“the Extension Letter”). The defendant failed
to make payment on 31 December 2020. Thereafter, another letter of demand
dated 4 March 2021 was sent to the defendant requesting payment, but no
payment was received from the defendant. The plaintiff, therefore, commenced
the present proceedings against the defendant for the sum of $350,000.00 as
well as interest calculated at 8.00% per month from 15 June 2020 until the
date of full payment.

9 The defendant raised four points in his defence and counterclaim:

(a) First, he says that he signed the Cooperation Agreement and Settlement
Agreement under the deception of the plaintiff and his lawyers.

(b) Second, he says that since he was only receiving 30% of the shares in the
Company under the Settlement Agreement, he should only be required to pay 30%
of the $350,000.00 which amounts to $105,000.00.

(c) Third, he claims that he has paid $180,774.96 on behalf of the Company to
repay debts that were previously incurred by the plaintiff, and that he should
be entitled to counterclaim against the plaintiff for that sum.

(d) Lastly, he says that the plaintiff, in preparing the Settlement Agreement,
has breached the Cooperation Agreement and should pay him $500,000.00 as
prescribed under the Cooperation Agreement.

10 I am of the view that none of these defences has any merit. The defendant
had breached the Settlement Agreement and should be liable to pay the
plaintiff $350,000.00 as prescribed under the Settlement Agreement. My reasons
are as follows. First, the Settlement Agreement states in clear and
unequivocal terms that the defendant shall pay $350,000.00 to the plaintiff in
exchange for the remaining 30% of the shares in the Company, as a final
settlement of the disputes between the parties. The settlement amount is
therefore fixed at $350,000.00 and it is not open to the defendant to argue
that he is only required to pay $105,000.00 because he is only receiving 30%
of the shares.

11 Second, the preamble of the Settlement Agreement expressly states that the
Settlement Agreement shall take precedence to the Cooperation Agreement.
Clause 6 of the Settlement Agreement also provides that the Settlement
Agreement constitutes the “entire and final settlement” between the parties.
By signing the Settlement Agreement, the parties had agreed to settle their
disputes in regard to the Cooperation Agreement, and comply with the terms of
the Settlement Agreement instead. It is therefore not open to the defendant to
argue that the plaintiff should pay him the penalty of $500,000.00 under the
Cooperation Agreement since the Cooperation Agreement has been superseded by
the Settlement Agreement.

12 Third, the defendant failed to prove that there was any fraud or
misrepresentation on the part of the plaintiff or the plaintiff’s lawyers that
would vitiate the contract. The defendant says that he was unrepresented when
he signed the agreements and that his subsequent valuation of the Company’s
assets is significantly lower than the valuation provided by the plaintiff in
the appendix to the Cooperation Agreement. However, this alone is insufficient
to prove fraud. The defendant cannot vitiate the contract merely because he
made a bad bargain. He cannot claim that he had not sought legal advice, as a
cover for his own bad bargain. In the absence of specific evidence proving
that the plaintiff fraudulently induced the defendant to enter into the
Settlement Agreement, I find that the Settlement Agreement is a valid
agreement that is legally binding and enforceable between the parties.

13 Fourth, the defendant also failed to prove his claim that he has personally
paid $180,774.96 on behalf of the Company to repay debts that were previously
incurred by the plaintiff. The only evidence the defendant tendered to the
court is a one-page United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) Account Statement showing
that the Company had an outstanding loan with UOB. There is no evidence
suggesting that the loan was fully repaid by the defendant. Furthermore, even
if the defendant has fully repaid the loans, there are no provisions in the
Settlement Agreement that entitles the defendant to recover sums incurred in
repaying the Company’s debts from the plaintiff. The defendant cites Clause 2
of the Cooperation Agreement which provides that the debts incurred by the
Company “has nothing to do with [the defendant]”. However, as mentioned above,
the Cooperation Agreement has been superseded by the express terms of the
Settlement Agreement and given my finding that the Settlement Agreement is
legally binding and enforceable between the parties, the defendant is not
entitled to rely on Clause 2 of the Cooperation Agreement.

14 For the reasons above, I am of the view that the Settlement Agreement is
valid and binding between the parties and the defendant has breached the
Settlement Agreement by failing to pay the plaintiff the settlement sum of
$350,000.00 by 14 June 2020.

15 I now deal with the consequential issue of interest. The plaintiff says
that pursuant to the Extension Letter, the condition for the extension of the
deadline for payment is that the defendant should be required to pay interest
of 8.00% per month from 15 June 2020 until the date of full payment. However,
I find that there is no evidence suggesting that the defendant has agreed to
this condition. The plaintiff cannot unilaterally impose an interest rate on
the defendant for outstanding payments without the approval of the defendant.

16 Therefore, I find that the defendant should pay the plaintiff $350,000.00,
with interest to be calculated based on the statutory default rate, from the
date of this judgment until the date of full payment. I will hear the question
of costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Chung Ting Fai, Ong Hui Jing and Ong Xiang Ting Charmian (Chung Ting Fai & Co)
for the plaintiff;  
Defendant in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Apr 2022 (17:29 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

