Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 19

Civil Appeal No 113 of 2021

Between

| Ivy Ng Soh Peng  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Solution Aircon & Engrg Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract — Formation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ivy Ng Soh Peng

  
v

  

Solution Aircon & Engrg Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC(A) 19

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 113 of 2021  
Quentin Loh JAD, Kannan Ramesh J and Hoo Sheau Peng J  
21 April 2022

22 April 2022

Quentin Loh JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This is an appeal by the appellant (“Ms Ng”) against the decision of the
trial judge (“the Judge”) allowing a claim by the respondent (“SAE”) against
Ms Ng. The Judge’s decision is reported at Solution Aircon & Engrg Pte Ltd v
Ivy Ng Soh Peng [2021] SGHC 223 (“the Judgment”). Having heard the parties, we
dismissed the appeal. We now give our reasons.

Background

2 On 17 May 2019, SAE was granted two options to purchase (“the OTPs”) two
commercial property units, #01-02 and #01-03 (“the Units”) in Midview
Building, for respectively $900,000 and $802,500 (collectively $1,702,500).
One of the Units was owned by Ms Ng’s company. The other was owned by Ms Ng
and her ex-husband as tenants-in-common. It is not in dispute that Ms Ng had
the requisite authority to act on behalf of the other sellers to conduct the
sale of the Units. In doing so, she dealt with one Mr Ng Peck Khuan (“Mr Ng”),
who is a director of SAE. It is also not in dispute that Mr Ng had acted on
SAE’s behalf in all his dealings with Ms Ng relating to the sale of the Units.

3 Mr Ng claims that Ms Ng had made an oral agreement with him (acting on SAE’s
behalf) to purchase two racking systems located in the Units for $300,000
after completion of the sale and purchase of the Units (“the Agreement”). Mr
Ng further alleges that the Agreement had been entered into for Ms Ng to
provide SAE with a $300,000 discount on the purchase price of the Units from
$1,702,500 to $1,402,500, without having to amend the sale price in the OTPs.
This was apparently necessitated by the difficulties which Mr Ng had faced in
financing the purchase of the Units.

4 The Judge allowed SAE’s claim and held that the Agreement, which was
collateral to the sale and purchase of the Units, satisfied the requirements
of a legally binding contract and that Ms Ng had been in breach of the
Agreement. He awarded SAE $300,000 in damages, representing the sum that was
promised under the Agreement. In the appeal, Ms Ng raised the following:

(a) First, that the Judge had erred in finding that that the Agreement was
borne out by the evidence, and that the Agreement constituted a legally
binding contract between the parties.

(b) Secondly, even if the Agreement was borne out by the evidence, it was a
sham. That is because the Agreement was meant for SAE to receive a $300,000
discount on the purchase price of the Units and did not involve a genuine sale
and purchase of the racking systems.

(c) Thirdly, this court should not give effect to the Agreement for reasons of
public policy.

5 Ms Ng also raised a preliminary point. She claimed that the agreement, upon
which the Judge had allowed SAE’s claim, was not the Agreement in issue, but
instead an agreement for the return of $300,000 of the purchase price by Ms Ng
to SAE after completion of the sale and purchase of the Units. Ms Ng pointed
to how the Judge had introduced the abbreviation “Alleged Agreement” (which he
found to constitute the valid and enforceable contract on which he allowed
SAE’s claim) at [11] of the Judgment, which only made reference to Ms Ng’s
proposal to return $300,000 of the purchase price to SAE on completion.

6 We have little hesitation in rejecting Ms Ng’s contention. We are of the
view that the agreement which the Judge found to have been concluded and
breached is the Agreement in issue. Ms Ng’s proposal (as set out at [11] of
the Judgment) was raised on 3 June 2019 but the Judge did not consider the
“Alleged Agreement” as having been formed immediately on that day (see the
Judgment at [48] and [52]-[53]). The Judge also considered the terms of the
“Alleged Agreement” to be evidenced by an e-mail sent by Ms Ng to Mr Ng on 8
June 2019 at 5.26pm (“the 5.26pm E-mail”) (set out at [14] of the Judgment)
and an exchange of WhatsApp messages between Ms Ng and Mr Ng on the same day
between 10.05.21am to 5.29.28pm, in which Ms Ng suggested to Mr Ng that she
would effect the return of $300,000 by purchasing the racking systems at that
price from Mr Ng (see the Judgment at [54]-[55]). It was therefore implicit in
the Judge’s reasoning that, by the time a legally binding contract came to be
concluded between the parties, it was a term of the “Alleged Agreement” that
the return of $300,000 was to be effected by Ms Ng purchasing the racking
systems on completion. The “Alleged Agreement” which the Judge referred to is
therefore the Agreement that is in issue. There is no second or other
agreement as contended for by Ms Ng.

Whether the Agreement was a valid and enforceable contract

7 We now turn to Ms Ng’s first and main contention on appeal, which we find to
be without merit. We agree with the Judge’s finding that the Agreement had
been concluded orally between the parties before 8 June 2019. The evidence
clearly shows that Mr Ng was having difficulty financing the purchase of the
Units and that prior to 8 June 2019, the parties had begun discussing the
$300,000 reduction in the purchase price. Ms Ng does not dispute this but
argued that it only shows that there had been an agreement for the reduction
of the purchase price of the Units and is not evidence in support of the
Agreement. We disagree. Ms Ng’s contention misses the point because it is part
of Mr Ng’s case that the Agreement had been entered into to facilitate the
reduction in the purchase price of the Units. It was in the context of Ms Ng’s
promise to reduce the purchase price of the Units by $300,000 that the parties
entered into the Agreement as the means of effecting that reduction. In these
circumstances, evidence indicative of an agreement to reduce the purchase
price of the Units would necessarily also lend weight to SAE’s case on the
Agreement.

8 We find the 5.26pm E-mail and WhatsApp messages on 8 June 2019 referred to
earlier to be significant. In that e-mail, Ms Ng records Mr Ng and herself as
having “agreed” on her purchasing the racking systems and other fixtures in
the Units for $300,000, a deal which was subject to completion of the purchase
of the Units. That e-mail was reiterated by Ms Ng in the WhatsApp message sent
at 5.26.49pm (it appears that the WhatsApp message followed and referred to
the 5.26pm E-mail). The 5.26pm E-mail and WhatsApp message sent at 5.26.49pm
show that the parties had orally reached an agreement (in the terms of the
Agreement) before that time, and which they wanted to record in writing then.
Critically, the evidence of Mr Ng and Ms Ng on cross-examination also confirms
that this was what they understood of the 5.26pm E-mail and the WhatsApp
messages. Ms Ng accepted that the 5.26pm E-mail represented an agreement which
had existed between herself and Mr Ng by that point in time. Mr Ng’s evidence
was also that the 5.26pm E-mail was meant to recapitulate Ms Ng’s promise
(allegedly given to him earlier over the phone) to purchase the racking
systems for $300,000, to which he agreed. We therefore reject Ms Ng’s
contention that the 5.26pm E-mail merely constituted an offer. That cannot be
correct because the 5.26pm E-mail was meant to reiterate in writing an
agreement that had already been formed between the parties before 8 June 2019.
The WhatsApp messages sent by Ms Ng subsequent to the 5.26 pm E-mail at
5.28.51pm and 5.29.28pm, which were quoted in the Judgment at [54], reinforced
this conclusion and bear repeating:

What i can put in writing is that i buy over the racking system, fixture and
fitting including stay up to 30th sept 19 for a sum of $300k in total and this
is only applicable if the property is being transferred to you successfully to
yr name then u can sell me back those racking systems in the property

This is the best i can do if u wan me to put in writing that i can buy over
and give u $300 cash.

[sic]

[emphasis added]

9 The evidence of subsequent events also lend weight to SAE’s case. On 10 June
2019, when Mr Ng informed Ms Ng that he still fell short of $70,000 cash on
completion, Ms Ng suggested that sum be deducted from the $300,000 due from
her, which she herself said was payable by her for “buying” the racking
systems from Mr Ng. Ms Ng also provided Mr Ng with a series of post-dated
cheques amounting to $300,000. We agree with the Judge’s finding that these
cheques were issued for the payment of $300,000 as consideration under the
Agreement (see the Judgment at [62]) because it had been intended that they be
deposited at a staggered timing following completion. The Judge found the
latter point to be corroborated by WhatsApp messages sent by Ms Ng to Mr Ng on
6 and 9 September 2019, which were quoted in the Judgment at [61].

10 Ms Ng submitted that the Judge ought not to have relied on the evidence of
the post-dated cheques in concluding that the Agreement existed because,
first, the evidence at trial as to when those cheques were issued contradicted
SAE’s pleaded case, and secondly, the cheques discussed in the WhatsApp
messages on 9 September 2019 were not the post-dated cheques but unrelated
rental cheques.

11 We reject both arguments:

(a) As for the first argument, we find any such contradiction immaterial
because the Judge, in finding that the evidence of the post-dated cheques
supported SAE’s case on the Agreement, had only relied on the fact that the
cheques had been issued in circumstances which suggested that they were given
as payment for $300,000 due under the Agreement, and not on the timing as to
when those cheques were issued. As noted above, we agree entirely with the
finding by the Judge. We also agree with the Judge that any inconsistency as
to when those cheques were issued is immaterial because it is not an essential
element of SAE’s case (see the Judgment at [63]).

(b) As for the second argument, there were indeed two rental cheques for one
of the Units (#01-02) in evidence, each for a sum of $4,066, and dated 30
September 2019 and 31 October 2019, respectively. In Ms Ng’s WhatsApp messages
on 9 September 2019, she told Mr Ng “last cheque I wan to change to 29th nov”
[sic] and “1st cheque u can bank in Thursday”. However, “1st cheque” could not
have referred to either of the rental cheques, because by “Thursday” (which
would have been 12 September 2019), neither of those cheques could have been
deposited, since they both post-dated 12 September 2019. The mentioned “last
cheque” is also unlikely to be a reference to either of those rental cheques.
Ms Ng did explain in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the reference to
“last cheque” was to the rental cheque dated 31 October 2019, and she had
wanted to amend the date of that cheque to 29 November 2019, because that was
rental for the month of December 2019. However, Ms Ng’s own evidence was that
#01-02 had only been occupied until early December 2019, and in those
circumstances, there would have been no reason for rental to have been payable
for December 2019. We therefore agree with the Judge’s rejection of Ms Ng’s
explanations about the WhatsApp messages on 9 September 2019.

12 Finally, we also agree with the Judge that the Agreement satisfied all the
requirements of a valid and enforceable contract. While there is indeed some
uncertainty in the schedule for the payment of $300,000, that does not render
the Agreement unenforceable because it is clear that any such payment will
become due following the completion of the sale and purchase of the Units.
Whether the parties had the requisite intention is to be construed objectively
and the court is not bound by a party’s actual or subjective intentions (see
Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy
Publishing, 2012) at para 05.006). Thus, even if Ms Ng’s contention that the
parties never intended to create legal relations “in the form of a buyer-
seller relationship” for the racking systems were true, it is not open to her
to rely on the parties’ subjective intentions as such to claim that they never
intended to create enforceable legal relations in the lead up to the
conclusion of the Agreement when the objective evidence, which we have
considered above, warranted the opposite conclusion.

Whether the Agreement was a sham

13 In her submissions before the Judge, Ms Ng argued that the Agreement was a
sham. However, this point had not been pleaded. The Judge therefore considered
that this argument need not be dealt with, given the general rule that the
parties are bound by their pleadings as a matter of procedural fairness (see
the Judgment at [70]; see also V Nithia v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and
another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [37]). Before us, Ms Ng submitted that the Judge
had erred in concluding that her allegation of a sham had to be pleaded,
because it was simply a point of submission which arose from the evidence led
at trial.

14 We disagree. The essential element of a sham is that the parties did not
intend to create legal relations which the acts done or documents executed
give the impression of creating (see Toh Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina and another
appeal [2021] 1 SLR 1176 (“Toh Eng Tiah”) at [74]). There must be a common
subjective intention on the part of all parties to the alleged sham to mislead
(see Chng Bee Kheng and another v Chng Eng Chye [2013] 2 SLR 715 at [52] and
[54]-[55]).

15 This was well put by Diplock LJ (as he then was) in Snook v London and West
Riding Investments Ltd [1967] 2 QB 786 at 802:

… it is, I think, necessary to consider what, if any, legal concept is
involved in the use of this popular and pejorative word. I apprehend that, if
it has any meaning in law, it means acts done or documents executed by the
parties to the ‘sham’ which are intended by them to give to third parties or
to the court the appearance of creating between the parties’ legal rights and
obligations different from the actual legal rights and obligations (if any)
which the parties intend to create. But one thing, I think, is clear in legal
principle, morality and the authorities … that for acts or documents to be a
‘sham’ with whatever legal consequences follow from this, all the parties
thereto must have a common intention that the acts or documents are not to
create the legal rights and obligations which they give the appearance of
creating. No unexpressed intentions of a ‘shammer’ affect the rights of a
party who he deceived. There is an express finding in this case that the
defendants were not parties to the alleged ‘sham’. So this contention fails.

[emphasis added]

The above definition was expressly endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Toh Eng
Tiah at [73].

16 Ms Ng’s argument about the Agreement being a sham is therefore an
allegation of fact because it requires proof of the common intention on the
part of both Ms Ng and Mr Ng to mislead third parties into thinking that there
was a sale and purchase of the racking systems when in fact there was none. Ms
Ng ought to have pleaded that the Agreement was a sham and her failure to do
so deprived SAE of the opportunity at trial to address this allegation by way
of evidence to the contrary.

17 The Judge was therefore correct in concluding that he need not consider Ms
Ng’s allegation of a sham. We therefore also disregard it for the purposes of
the appeal and do not consider the argument on its merits. However, even if we
had been minded to decide otherwise, we find no merit in the argument. Even if
the Agreement had not been entered into for any sale and purchase of the
racking systems, but only to provide SAE with a $300,000 discount on the
purchase price of the Units, that alone did not make the Agreement a sham. It
must further be shown that the parties had entered into the Agreement with the
intention of misleading third parties, like the bank which was extending
financing to SAE for the purchase of the Units. There is no pleading to that
effect and no evidence has been led on this score. This was a purely private
agreement between the parties, entered into after the OTPs had been exercised
and when Mr Ng had difficulty completing the purchase. On the facts of this
case, the object of misleading third parties was not in the minds of the
parties because the only reason why they entered into the Agreement was to
facilitate the sale and purchase of the Units as between themselves by
reducing the purchase price of the Units. It is clear that Ms Ng was keen to
complete the sale of the Units and was prepared to offer a discount because
she had her own private reasons, unconnected to Mr Ng, for wanting the sale of
the Units to go through, even at that discounted price (see the Judgment at
[52]).

Whether the Agreement should be unenforceable for reasons of public policy

18 We now turn to Ms Ng’s third and final contention in the appeal. In the
first place, we noted, again, that this point about public policy
unenforceability had not been pleaded by Ms Ng. Therefore, strictly speaking,
Ms Ng is precluded from raising it on appeal. In any case, for Ms Ng to even
sustain any argument to curtail contractual rights arising under the Agreement
on the basis of public policy, she must prove to the court’s satisfaction that
the alleged public policy exists based on authoritative sources (see UKM v
Attorney-General [2019] 3 SLR 874 at [162]). This she has not done, save for
asserting that giving effect to the Agreement will be contrary to public
policy as it would “send a wrong signal that parties can be less than
transparent to … financial institutions”. Thus, even if we had to consider the
issue proper, we find no merit in Ms Ng’s contention.

19 Nonetheless, we address an apparent, and theoretical, (since this was not
raised on the pleadings), legal issue raised by Ms Ng in her AEIC. She asserts
that the racking systems in the Units always belonged to her company and it
was not SAE’s to sell. The illogic raised was that SAE could not have sold the
racking systems to her when it never owned by them in the first place. There
is an answer to this. The OTPs did not include any inventory of what was being
sold with the Units. Clause 4 of the OTPs required the sellers to deliver
vacant possession on completion. Clause 5 of the OTP provides that the Units
were sold in their present state and condition on an “as is” basis. The sale
of the Units was based on the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 2012, and cl
5.2 provides that where the contract specifies a sale with vacant possession
on completion, all moveable property not included in the sale are to be
removed from the property by completion. It is not disputed that the racking
systems were not removed on or before completion. Ms Ng’s pleaded position was
that the racking systems were removed following completion, on 9 September
2019 (#01-03) and 8 December 2019 (#01-02) (see also the Judgment at [54]).
Legal title in the racking systems therefore passed to SAE upon completion.

Whether SAE is entitled to claim $300,000 pursuant to the Agreement

20 The Judge regarded SAE’s claim as an action for breach of contract (see the
Judgment at [77]-[78]). He found that Ms Ng had acted in breach of contract by
failing to pay Mr Ng $300,000 despite having taken delivery of the racking
systems and therefore awarded SAE $300,000 in damages.

21 It is possible that some confusion may arise from the Judgment at [54] and
the references there to specific performance. It arises because, first, in
SAE’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), SAE claimed the following: “(1) The
Defendant perform [sic] the contract specifically; (2) the sum of $300,000;
(3) Alternatively, damages; …”. On proper analysis, what SAE was asking for
was payment of the $300,000 as agreed under the Agreement. It could not really
be a true claim for specific performance because first, Ms Ng (through her ex-
husband) had already removed the racking systems and scrapped it. Secondly,
the true nature of what was to be performed under the Agreement, viz, an
effective reduction in the purchase price of the Units, through a sale of the
racking systems under the Agreement for $300,000. Having removed the racking
systems after the completion of the sale and having scrapped it, there only
remained the obligation to make payment under the Agreement. On final
analysis, the sale and purchase of the Units had been completed, Ms Ng had
removed the racking systems after completion, scrapped the same and kept the
proceeds. The only outstanding obligation was therefore payment of the
$300,000 as agreed.

22 It is possible to characterise SAE’s claim as an action for the price under
the Agreement, rather than an action for damages. When the claim is analysed
as such, it raises the issue of whether SAE would have been entitled to
maintain its action for the price. Section 49(1) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap
393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the SGA”) provides that a seller may maintain an action
against the buyer for the price of goods if, under a contract of sale, the
property in the goods has passed to the buyer and he wrongfully neglects or
refuses to pay for the goods according to the terms of the contract.

23 While we agree with the Judge that whether SAE had acquired title to the
racking systems had no bearing on whether the Agreement is a valid and
enforceable contract (see the Judgment at [41]-[44]), that issue is
determinative of whether SAE could maintain its action for the price of
$300,000 under the Agreement. If SAE never acquired title to the racking
systems, then it could never have passed property in the racking systems to Ms
Ng, and no action for the price is maintainable under s 49(1) of the SGA.
However, for the reasons set out at [19] above, this difficulty does not arise
because SAE did obtain legal title to the racking systems upon completion. As
Ms Ng has refused to pay SAE $300,000 as required under the Agreement, SAE is
entitled to maintain its action for the price under s 49(1) of the SGA.

Conclusion

24 For the foregoing reasons, we dismissed the appeal and affirmed the Judge’s
decision to enter judgment for $300,000 in favour of SAE. We fixed the costs
of the appeal at $33,000 (all in) and made the usual consequential orders.

Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Vijai Dharamdas Parwani and Lim Shu Yi (Parwani Law LLC) for the appellant;

Goh Peck San (P S Goh & Co) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Apr 2022 (16:06 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

