Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 6

District Court Appeal No 81 of 2021

Between

VUQ  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VUP  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law — matrimonial assets — division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VUQ

  
v

  

VUP

[2022] SGHCF 6

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 81 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
18 January 2022

31 January 2022

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Husband is a Malaysian national and Singapore permanent resident who is
63 years old. The Wife is a Singapore national who is 56 years old. The
parties were married on 15 December 1986 and Interim Judgement was granted on
20 January 2020. The parties were married for 34 years and have two daughters,
both of whom are over 21 years old.

2 On 14 June 2021, in Suit No 1607 of 2019, the learned District Judge (“DJ”)
made orders on the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance. The Husband
is appealing against the DJ’s decision on the division of assets.

3 There are three properties that are relevant for the present appeal:

(a) the property at Jalan Teck Whye, which is jointly owned by the parties
(“Jalan Teck Whye property”);

(b) the property at Taman Puteri Wangsa, which is under the Husband’s sole
name (“Wangsa property”); and

(c) the property at Skudai, Johor Darul Takzim, which is also under the
Husband’s sole name (“Skudai property”).

4 The valuations of the properties have been agreed upon by the parties. The
Jalan Teck Whye property is valued at $347,467, the Wangsa property is valued
at $112,252 and the Skudai property is valued at $92,385. The total
matrimonial pool was determined to be $658,442. After considering the direct
and indirect contributions, the learned DJ arrived at a final division of
57:43 in favour of the Wife. The Wife’s share of the matrimonial pool would
amount to $375,312 and the Husband’s share would amount to $283,130. Taking
into consideration the Wife’s own assets of $28,278 in the matrimonial pool,
the DJ found that the Wife should receive $347,034 from the Husband.

5 Since the amount due to the Wife is approximately equal to the value of the
Jalan Teck Whye property, the DJ ordered for the Husband to transfer the Jalan
Teck Whye property to her, with no Central Provident Funds (“CPF”) to be
refunded to either party. No wife maintenance is payable by the Husband to the
Wife. The DJ rejected the Husband’s prayer for the Wangsa property to be
transferred to the Wife, reasoning that the Wife is not a Malaysian citizen
and will not be in a position to hold the Malaysian property.

6 On appeal, the Husband asked that the Jalan Teck Whye property be sold in
the open market with each party receiving 50 percent share of the proceeds.
The Husband also seeks for the Wangsa property to be sold within three months
with all the sale proceeds going to the Wife. The Husband says that it is not
“just and equitable” for the Jalan Teck Whye property to be transferred to the
Wife because it will leave the Husband homeless and without funds to purchase
another property in Singapore. The Husband also says that it is pointless for
him to retain ownership of the Malaysian properties because he has agreed with
the Wife to leave the Malaysian properties to their children as a “legacy”.

7 In relation to the Malaysian properties, the DJ held that since there was no
cogent evidence on the amount each party contributed, it would be fair to take
the position that the parties contributed equally. Even without evidence of
direct contribution, the court can still draw inferences from other evidence
such as the parties’ respective income. On the facts, the Husband’s income is
around $3000 per month and the Wife’s income is around $1500 to $1800 per
month. The Husband did not work throughout the marriage and the Wife found
part-time work to bring in more income to meet the family’s expenses. Taking
into account the parties’ roughly equal income, I find that there is no need
to disturb the DJ’s finding of equal direct contribution to the Malaysian
properties.

8 I now turn to the merits of the Husband’s appeal in relation to the manner
of division of matrimonial assets. I am of the view that the transfer of the
Jalan Teck Whye property will not leave the Husband homeless and without funds
to purchase another property. The Husband can sell the Wangsa property or the
Skudai property in Malaysia and use the sale proceeds to purchase another
property. The Husband’s prayer for the sale of Jalan Teck Whye property and
the Wangsa property would cause more costs and inconvenience for both parties.
As for the Husband’s wishes to leave the Malaysian properties to their
children as a “legacy”, the parties can find other ways to leave a legacy, if
they are still minded, especially in view of the change of circumstances of
their marriage.

9 Accordingly, I dismiss the Husband’s appeal. I make no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Lim Teck Hock Richard (Richard Lim & Company Advocates & Solicitors) for the
husband;  
D Ganaselvarani (D Rani & Co) for the wife.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Jan 2022 (12:33 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

