Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 32

District Court Appeal No 44 of 2022

Between

WEW

… Appellant

And

WEX

… Respondent

Registrar’s Appeal from the Family Justice Courts No 7 of 2022

Between

WEW

… Appellant

And

WEX

… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Mental Disorders and Treatment — Legal capacity]

[Family Law — Costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WEW

  
v

  

WEX and another appeal

[2022] SGHCF 32

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 44 of 2022 and Registrar’s Appeal from the Family Justice Courts No 7 of
2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
8, 28 November 2022, 19 December 2022

30 December 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 “P” is 94 years old. His wife, “K”, who is the intervener in this matter, is
89. P and K have a son, “WEX”, who is 62, and a daughter, “WEW”, who is 60. P
executed a lasting power of attorney (“LPA”) on 22 January 2021 in favour of
WEX as the donee. The LPA was subsequently accepted and registered by the
Office of the Public Guardian. On 2 March 2021, WEW filed FC/OSM 78/2021 (“OSM
78”) in the family courts for an order declaring that P is incapable of
managing his affairs, and that she be made a deputy to make decisions on his
behalf in relation to his personal welfare and property. She then discovered
that P had executed the LPA in favour of WEX. She therefore filed FC/OSM
202/2021 (“OSM 202”) to have P declared mentally unfit when he executed the
LPA and that the LPA be revoked.

2 OSM 202 was heard over four days, with witnesses subjected to lengthy cross-
examination. At the end of the hearing, the District Judge (“DJ”) dismissed
WEW’s application in OSM 202 and awarded $65,000 in costs to WEX, and $20,000
to K. HCF/DCA 44/2022 (“DCA 44”) is WEW’s appeal against the DJ’s orders and
HCF/RAS 7/2022 (“RAS 7”) is WEW’s appeal against the DJ’s orders on costs. By
the time these appeals were heard, P had become physically and mentally
incapacitated. K, on the other hand, was mentally alert, and although not
frail, has difficulty walking. OSM 78 has been adjourned pending the outcome
of the appeals against the orders made in OSM 202.

3 P was a businessman who had a trading company that he named “RR” — after the
names of his son and daughter — a reminder that there once was a happy family.
RR carried out various trading activities, including the trading of motor
vehicles. Initially, after RR was incorporated in 1968, WEX was granted 50,000
shares, and WEW was granted 30,000 shares. The court below heard evidence
concerning the transfer of WEW’s shares to WEX at one point. Nonetheless, WEX
later took over the management of RR, and continues to do so to this day. WEW
claims to have been the company secretary between 2007 and 2013, and was a
director from 1996, until she was removed from her position in 2013. WEX’s
version is that WEW was only added as a nominee director up till 2013 and did
not do any substantial work while she held that appointment. Subsequently, she
had minimal involvement in RR, and only assisted P with simple administrative
tasks.

4 WEX was made the managing director of RR in January 2019 and two months
later, P and K both ceased to be directors of the company. By WEW’s own
account, her involvement in the company also ended in 2019.

5 WEW has a son, “D”, who was also involved in the many family disputes,
several of which ended in courts high and low. References to those disputes
probably taxed the patience of the DJ since the only relevance was to show the
growing bitterness in the siblings’ relationship, a bitterness too deep and
too intense for rescue. Right now, the question that I have to decide is
whether the DJ was right in dismissing WEW’s application in OSM 202 and the
consequent order on costs.

6 Parliament in legislating the Mental Capacity Act (Cap 177A, 2010 Rev Ed)
(“MCA”) ensured the commonsense assumption that everyone is of sound mind
unless proven otherwise. If WEW wants the court to find that P did not have
the mental capacity to execute the LPA in January 2021, she must prove that to
the court’s satisfaction. It was not disputed that P was examined by a
psychiatrist, Dr [D], who, after examining P on 2 December 2020 and 22 January
2021, certified P sufficiently sound to execute an LPA. The DJ also took into
account the evidence of a general practice doctor who examined P on 20
November 2020 and after having P take the Abbreviated Mental Test ("AMT"),
scored him 6 out of 10. In her opinion, P had some cognitive impairment that
may require specialist psychiatric assessment. That assessment was done by Dr
[D].

7 Dr [D] was subjected to an intense cross-examination in the proceedings
below. Counsel for WEW even suggested that Dr [D] had concocted evidence to
the effect that he was aware of the AMT score. I am of the view that Dr [D]’s
evidence is, as the DJ found, clear and direct, and it addressed the question
of whether P was sufficiently capable of executing an LPA under the MCA. Dr
[D]’s unequivocal evidence was, despite the barrage of questions from counsel,
not impugned. There is no contrary evidence nor reasonable cause to hold that
the DJ’s findings were wrong. The DJ, like Dr [D], recognizes that a 93-year-
old man may have all kinds of mental impairment such as loss of attention and
loss of memory, but that is a general fact of life. The nature and extent of a
person’s mental capacity is completely subjective, and the examining doctor
must make his assessment based on the patient before him. In this regard,
although Dr [D] was aware that P had difficulty recalling names and was slow
in making arithmetic calculations, he was nonetheless professionally satisfied
that P was fit to execute the LPA.

8 Dr [D]’s assessment of P’s mental capacity must be based only on his
training and competence as a psychiatrist, and his professional opinion must
also satisfy the conditions set out in the MCA. The duty of the examining
doctor is to determine whether the patient is capable of making the decision
to execute the LPA. Significantly, the patient must understand what his or her
decision entails and that in making that decision, he or she satisfies the
doctor that it was a rationally considered decision. When it came to this with
regard to P, Dr [D] was unequivocal in his assessment, and certified that P
was mentally capable of executing his LPA.

9 Against this, WEW called Dr [F] to support her claim that P was mentally
incapable of executing the LPA. There are times, of course, when an expert can
be helpful to the court even though he might not have examined the patient in
question, but this is not such a case. Without having examined P, and without
having much to say about dementia or any specific mental issues that might
require the court to look at the evidence differently, Dr [F]’s evidence was
of no assistance to the DJ, who found that Dr [F] had based his opinion only
on what WEW told him. Dr [F] admitted in the proceedings below that he had
misunderstood the nature of his appointment by WEW.

10 We are thus left with a stack of evidence in the form of the claims and
accusations by WEW that she had noted P’s declining mental health, and what
she regarded as suspicious circumstances under which WEX brought P to execute
the LPA. Counsel for WEW submitted that the evidence proved fraud and undue
influence. It suffices to say is that the DJ examined that evidence and was
unable to find that WEX had defrauded or unduly influenced P. I can find
nothing in the evidence nor counsel’s submissions before me to hold otherwise.
Furthermore, a claim for undue influence cannot succeed without P’s wife, K,
supporting it or being named a co-defendant. On the contrary, K not only
refuted WEW’s claims, but is of the view that WEW was the cause of the
disharmony in the home. It has been ascertained that K is not only mentally
fit, but she was also close to her husband, P.

11 It is baffling to think what WEW might stand to gain from these
proceedings. Her counsel submitted that WEW has no interest in the company,
RR, in which she had long given up all her shares and appointments. She is
also not interested in managing P’s legal and financial affairs; she is
content to leave that to WEX. Her parents, P and K, had drawn up mutual wills
as long ago as 1986, and WEW concedes that she stands to gain nothing from the
wills. All she wants now is to be able to look after P’s physical well-being.
As far as anti-climaxes go, this may rank in the year’s top ten. P is now
physically and mentally frail. By the time of the appeal, P was no longer able
to recognize WEW. P currently lives with his wife, K, his son WEX, and two
domestic helpers in their household. What is the point of this appeal
notwithstanding the abject absence of any merit in law or fact?

12 Of course, one cannot rule out the perseverance of pure love, such as the
kind in which a person would willingly look after an infirmed person close to
her heart, for no reason other than love. It might also be possible that WEW
is such a person, but I doubt it. The background story to a person giving her
time and attention to an infirmed friend or relative is a story of affability
and self-sacrifice. This is not such a story. Until WEW commenced the action
to be appointed as P’s deputy, and shortly thereafter, her application to
revoke P’s LPA, she had been living with P. If, as she now says, all she
wanted was to look after him, she could have done so.

13 But, WEW could not do all that because she did not have a good relationship
with her mother, and contrary to what WEW says, her loving relationship with
her father was exaggerated. As far as her only sibling is concerned, their
relationship was one of a long war with no peace. The video recordings (all
adduced by WEW) do not help her case — they only reveal instances of the
irreparable acrimony between WEX and herself. The aggressive behaviour by WEX
against WEW in some of the videos were likely to have arisen from the
culmination of WEX’s frustration towards WEW, and are not proof of fraud or
undue influence. Even if true, they are just that — evidence of the broken
relationship between the siblings. I find no merit in DCA 44 and dismiss it.

14 As to the question of costs in RAS 7, The DJ ordered WEW to pay $65,000 to
WEX, and $20,000 to K. The DJ mentioned two factors that influenced her award.
The first was that WEX’s pre-trial costs estimate was $127,000. No mention was
made of WEW’s pre-trial costs estimate. The second was that much time was
spent cross-examining Dr [D]. The DJ was not pleased with what she perceived
as an excessive attack on Dr [D] by counsel. A costs award is discretionary. A
litigant’s approach and behaviour may tip an award towards the higher range.
Circumstances that elucidate sympathy from the court may find expression by
the court awarding a lower set of costs. In my view, the time and effort
involved in this case alone justifies the DJ’s award. A litigant who wages a
long battle must constantly keep track of the costs — and not wait until the
last bullet is spent before counting the cost of the fight.

15 So far as the costs of this appeal is concerned, costs must naturally
follow the event given my decision above. None of the counsel have addressed
me on the costs of this appeal, but I will order costs of $12,000 and $5,000
to be paid by WEW to WEX and K respectively. The court may in appropriate
cases such as this, order what it thinks to be fair in the circumstances.
Further arguments over the costs of this appeal will serve no purpose other
than to further increase costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Ushan Premaratne and Marc Goh Bin Jing (Withers KhattarWong LLP) for the
appellant;  
Aaron Lee Teck Chye, Lee May Ling and Lim Wei Ying (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the respondent;  
Christopher Anand Daniel, Ganga Avadiar and Tan Shu Ling (Advocatus Law LLP)
for the intervener.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Dec 2022 (15:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

