Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 39

Suit No 1044 of 2018

Between

1.| R Manokaran  
---|---  
2\. | Muniandy Barvathi  
3\. | M Priyatharsini  
4\. | Navindran s/o Manokaran  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

1.| Chuah Ah Leng  
---|---  
2.| Zenwan (M) Sdn Bhd  
3.| Grassland Express & Tours Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Suit No 1307 of 2018

Between

1.| Wee Chye Hee  
---|---  
2\. | Xie Lianzhu @ Ye Lianzhu  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

1.| Chuah Ah Leng  
---|---  
2.| Zenwan (M) Sdn Bhd  
3.| Grassland Express Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Tort — Negligence — Defences — Contributory Negligence]

[Tort — Vicarious liability]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Rules of construction]  
[Contract — Contractual terms — Unfair Contract Terms Act]  
[Contract — Contractual terms — Implied terms]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
R Manokaran and others

  
v

  

Chuah Ah Leng and others and another suit

[2022] SGHC 39

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1044 of 2018 and Suit No 1307 of
2018  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
11, 12 December 2019, 25 November 2020, 3, 5 August, 24 September 2021

24 February 2022 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

1 The plaintiffs in both actions (“the Plaintiffs”) were holiday makers who
were travelling from Genting Highlands back to Singapore on 31 August 2016.
They were on board a double decker luxury coach (“the Bus”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim dated 19 October 2018 in Suit 1044 of 2018 (“SOC 1044”) at
para 1 (Plaintiffs Set Down Bundle (Trial on Liability against the 1st and 2nd
Defendants in Suit 1044 of 2018 (“PSDB 1044 (Zenwan)”) at p 5); Statement of
Claim dated 27 December 2018 in Suit 1307 of 2018 (“SOC 1307”) at para 1
(Plaintiffs Set Down Bundle (Trial on Liability against the 1st and 2nd
Defendants in Suit 1307 of 2018 (“PSDB 1307 (Zenwan)”) at p 5).

En route to Singapore, the Bus was involved in a road accident. The Plaintiffs
sustained injuries. They now claim damages.

Facts

2 The Plaintiffs in both actions are as follows. In Suit 1044 of 2018 (“Suit
1044”), R Manokaran (“Manokaran”) and Muniandy Barvathi (“Barvathi”) are
spouses. M Priyatharsini (“Priyatharsini”) and Navindran s/o Manokaran
(“Navindran”) are their children. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC 1044 at para 2 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 5).

In Suit 1307 of 2018 (“Suit 1307”), Wee Chye Hee (“Wee”) and Xie Lianzhu @ Ye
Lianzhu (“Xie”) are spouses. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC 1307 at para 2 (PSDB 1307 (Zenwan) at p 5).

3 The first defendant (“Chuah”) was the driver of the Bus at the material
time. The second defendant (“Zenwan”) was the registered owner of the Bus. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC 1044 at paras 3–5 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 6); SOC 1307 (Zenwan) at paras
3–5 (PSDB 1307 (Zenwan) at p 6.

4 Grassland Express & Tours Pte Ltd (“GET”) and Grassland Express Pte Ltd
(“GE”) are companies incorporated in Singapore. GET and GE are the third
defendants in Suit 1044 and Suit 1307 respectively. For convenience, I shall
refer to them collectively as “Grassland” (in the singular) unless it is
appropriate to identify each entity separately. The Plaintiffs booked two-way
bus trips from Singapore to Genting Highlands. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC 1044 at paras 8–9 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 6); SOC 1307 at paras 8–9 (PSDB
1307 (Zenwan) at p 6)

Manokaran booked the trip for his family from GET’s outlet at Boon Lay
Shopping Centre (“the Boon Lay Office”), Singapore, on 20 August 2016. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC 1044 at paras 8–9 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 6).

Wee did the same for himself and Xie at GE’s outlet at Golden Mile Complex
(“the Golden Mile Office”), Singapore, on 25 August 2016. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC 1307 at paras 8–9 (PSDB 1307 (Zenwan) at p 6).

5 The journey from Singapore to Genting Highlands on 28 August 2016 was
uneventful. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC 1044 at para 11 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 7); SOC 1307 at para 11 (PSDB
1307 (Zenwan) at p 7).

On 31 August 2016, the Plaintiffs boarded the Bus to return to Singapore. The
Bus departed the Mushroom Farm Bus Terminal, Genting Highlands, at about 3pm
that day. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC 1044 at para 12 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 7); SOC 1307 at para 12 (PSDB
1307 (Zenwan) at p 7).

The Plaintiffs were seated on the upper deck of the Bus. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC 1044 at para 14 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 7); SOC 1307 at para 14 (PSDB
1307 (Zenwan) at p 7).

6 At around 4.40pm, Chuah was driving the Bus along the left-most lane of
Karak Highway towards Singapore. The Bus then swerved from the left-most lane
of Karak Highway towards the road divider on the right. It collided with the
road divider, spun and overturned onto its left side (“the Accident”). The
Plaintiffs were injured in the Accident. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC 1044 at paras 14–16 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at pp 7–8); SOC 1307 at paras
14–16 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at pp 7–8).

The Plaintiffs plead that the Accident was sudden and occurred “without any
warning and/or signal”. They also plead that they believed that the Bus
belonged to Grassland and that they knew nothing about Zenwan or its
relationship to the Bus or Chuah. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC 1044 at para 13 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 7); SOC 1307 at para 13 (PSDB
1307 (Zenwan) at p 7).

7 As the trials for both actions are bifurcated, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiffs’ in HC/S 1044/2018 & HC/S 1307/2018 Joint Written Closing
Submissions in respect of the Trial on Liability against the 3rd Defendants in
HC/S 1044/2018 & HC/S 1307/2018 dated 20 January 2021 (“PCS (Grassland)”) at
para 73; see Minute Sheet for HC/SUM 3096/2019 and HC/SUM 3097/2019 on 31 July
2019.

I need not say more on the nature of their injuries.

The Plaintiffs’ claims

8 I now outline the Plaintiffs’ claims against each defendant.

Chuah – negligence

9 The Plaintiffs claim that Chuah’s negligence in the “driving, management
and/or control” of the Bus “caused and/or contributed to” the Accident. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC 1044 at para 17 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 8); SOC 1307 at para 17 (PSDB
1307 (Zenwan) at p 8).

Pleaded particulars of negligence include that Chuah failed to: (a) keep a
proper lookout; (b) see and/or give way to any and all other vehicles; and (c)
take evasive measures to avoid the Accident. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC 1044 at paras 17(d), 17(g) and 17(l) (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at pp 8–9); SOC
1307 at paras 17(d), 17(g) and 17(l) (PSDB 1307 (Zenwan) at pp 8–9).

10 Chuah and Zenwan originally failed to enter an appearance in the actions
and had judgment in default entered against them. However, they later
successfully set aside these judgments. In exchange, Chuah and Zenwan had to
post security towards damages and costs of S$200,000 and S$250,000 in Suit
1307 and Suit 1044 respectively. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

HC/ORC 2711/2020 in HC/SUM 5663/2019 (Suit 1307); HC/ORC 2710/2020 in HC/SUM
5664/2019 (Suit 1044).

They filed their Defence on 4 December 2019. However, Chuah’s solicitors
applied to discharge themselves in both actions on 18 January 2021 and I
granted the applications. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Minute Sheet dated 18 January 2021 at p 4; HC/SUM 1917/2020; HC/SUM 1918/2020.

11 The following efforts were undertaken to notify Chuah of the trial. The
Setting Down Notices and Setting Down Bundles for the trial against Chuah were
served on him at his last known address in Malaysia. His last known address
was obtained from his counsel’s Notice of Ceasing to Act as Solicitor filed on
18 May 2021. The Plaintiffs also instructed solicitors in Malaysia to take out
an advertisement in Malaysia in the English, Malay and Chinese newspapers
informing Chuah about the setting down of the action. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Joint Submissions in HC/S 1044/2018 & HC/S 1037/2018: Plaintiff’s
Application for Judgment against the 1st Defendant dated 3 August 2021
(“PS(1D)”) at para 20.

The Registry also sent to Chuah the Registrar’s Notices dated 20 April 2021,
23 April 2021 and 17 June 2021 pertaining to the trial dates. In addition, the
Plaintiffs instructed solicitors in Malaysia to send these Registrar’s Notices
to Chuah informing him of the trial dates. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PS(1D) at para 21.

12 Despite these efforts, Chuah did not attend the trial on 3 August 2021. He
also failed to communicate his position to the court or to the Plaintiffs. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PS(1D) at para 23.

The Plaintiffs applied to admit all of the Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief
(“AEICs”) filed by the Plaintiffs and their witnesses against Chuah, and for a
judgment to be issued on the merits against him. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PS(1D) at paras 24, 28 and 29.

The Plaintiffs relied on O 35 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed),
which provides that:

If, when the trial of an action is called on, one party does not appear, the
Judge may proceed with the trial of the action or any counterclaim in the
absence of that party, or may without trial give judgment or dismiss the
action, or make any other order as he thinks fit.

13 The Plaintiffs submitted that Indian Overseas Bank v Svil Agro Pte Ltd and
others [2014] 3 SLR 892 recognises the High Court’s power to order judgment
against a party who fails to attend trial without having to go through a trial
(at [32]–[33]): 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PS(1D) at para 24.

32 Once the trial of the action comes on and a party does not appear, the
Judge has the full power to proceed with a trial on the merits, even in the
absence of the defendant. This appears from O 35 r 1(2) …

33 Thus, the court has full discretion to decide whether to proceed with the
case and hear the merits or even give judgment without trial. I am satisfied
therefore that the court does have inherent power to try an action even though
the defendant may be absent. It may then grant judgment on the merits if
justified in doing so by the evidence.

[emphasis added]

14 The Plaintiffs submitted that Chuah was fully aware of both actions,
actively participated in earlier proceedings (eg, by applying to set aside the
default judgments against him), but ignored all communications relating to the
trial. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PS(1D) at paras 26–27.

Yet, they submit that he has taken “no steps to contact the Registry, to
appoint solicitors or to contact [the Plaintiffs]”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 3 August 2021, p 4:21–22.

15 I agreed with the Plaintiffs’ submissions and admitted into evidence
against Chuah the AEICs of Wee and Xie in Suit 1307, and that of Manokaran,
Barvathi, Priyatharsini and Navindran in Suit 1044. I then issued a judgment
on the merits against Chuah, in both actions, for general and special damages
to be assessed, with interest on damages at a rate of 5.33 per annum from the
date of the Writ of Summons until the date of full payment and costs of the
action. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE, 3 August 2021, pp 5:22–26, 7:3–22, 8:3–6.

Given that the numerous attempts to notify Chuah of the trial had not proven
effective, I considered it necessary in the justice of the case to enter
judgment against Chuah despite his absence. A party to an action should not be
permitted to frustrate the administration of justice by absenting himself from
trial, especially after participating in earlier proceedings in the action.

16 I was satisfied that the totality of the evidence admitted in each suit
established that Chuah had negligently driven the Bus at the time of the
Accident. The issue was whether Chuah breached the standard of care expected
of a bus driver for holiday makers. Wee and Navindran’s AEICs stated that the
weather was sunny and the road was dry. Wee, who was awake at the material
time, also stated that there were “no motor vehicles in front of the Bus”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Wee Chye Hee’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief in Suit 1307 dated 23 October
2020 AEIC (“Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC (1307)”) at para 40 (Plaintiffs’ Bundle of
Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (Trial on Liability against the 1st and 2nd
Defendants) in Suit 1307 dated 9 April 2021 (“PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan)”) at p 11;
Wee Chye Hee’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief in Suit 1044 dated 23 October
2020 AEIC (“Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC (1044)”) at para 14 (Plaintiffs’ Bundle of
Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (Trial on Liability against the 1st and 2nd
Defendants) in Suit 1044 dated 9 April 2021 (“PBAEIC 1044 (Zenwan)”) at p
173).

Yet, the Bus swerved from the left-most lane of Karak Highway into the road
divider on the right. It also spun and overturned onto its left side. Wee and
Navindran further recounted that the swerve was sudden and came without
warning. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC (1307) at paras 33–35 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at p 10);
Navindran s/o Manokaran’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief 23 October 2020
(“Navindran’s Oct 2020 AEIC”) at para 27 (PBAEIC 1044 (Zenwan) at p 140).

Given the absence of evidence of hazardous road conditions that day which
could have contributed to the Accident, and seeing that the Bus had collided
into the centre divider with enough force to overturn, I found that Chuah
failed to exercise due care when driving, managing and/or controlling the Bus.
He is liable to the Plaintiffs for the tort of negligence.

Zenwan – vicarious liability for Chuah’s negligence

17 The Plaintiffs plead that Zenwan is vicariously liable for Chuah’s
negligence in respect of the Accident. They claim that Chuah was driving the
Bus as Zenwan’s “employee, servant and/or agent, and/or … authorized driver”.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC 1044 at paras 21–22 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at pp 9–10); SOC 1307 at paras
21–22 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 10).

Although they further pleaded, in the alternative, that Zenwan owed a non-
delegable duty of care to the Plaintiffs, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC 1044 at para 23 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at p 10); SOC 1307 at para 23 (PSDB
1307 (Zenwan) at p 10).

this was not pursued in submissions.

18 Zenwan contests its liability on two key grounds. First, it argues that
there is no evidence that Chuah’s tortious act was committed within the scope
of his employment since Chuah did not give evidence. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2nd Defendant in HC/S 1307/2018 and HC/S 1044/2018 Joint Closing Submissions
dated 16 September 2021 (“2DCS”) at para 9.

Second, it argues that the Plaintiffs’ contributory negligence renders
vicarious liability inappropriate as the policy of victim compensation is
inapplicable. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

2DCS at paras 7 and 14.

It submits that the Plaintiffs contributed to their injuries by not wearing
seatbelts at the time of the Accident. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2DCS at para 27.

It also relies on the fact that Wee had stood up at the time of the Accident,
thereby placing himself in harm’s way. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

2DCS at para 28.

19 The Plaintiffs, in response, argue that Zenwan is precluded from raising
contributory negligence as: (a) it was not put in issue by Chuah; and (b)
issue estoppel arising from the judgment against Chuah prevents Zenwan from
re-litigating the question of contributory negligence. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiffs’ in HC/S 1044/2018 & HC/S 1307/2018 Joint Written Closing
Submissions in respect of the Trial on Liability against the 2nd Defendant in
HC/S 1044/2018 & HC/S 1307/2018 dated 2 September 2021 (“PCS (Zenwan)”) at
paras 10 and 50.

The Plaintiffs further submit that there is no evidence that the Bus was
fitted with seatbelts and that it was a reasonable reaction for Wee to stand
up to take stock of the impending danger. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PCS (Zenwan) at paras 79, 85 and 88.

Grassland – breach of contract

20 The Plaintiffs sue Grassland for breaching the contracts entered into by
Wee and Manokaran on behalf of their respective families (“the Contracts”).
They submit that the Contracts were executed when Wee and Manokaran attended
Grassland’s offices to sign a booking form each (“the Booking Form”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 6, 16, 40, 46 and 86.

They allege that the Contracts were breached by the negligent driving of the
Bus. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 18.

21 Grassland’s defence is that it was merely selling tickets on behalf of
Zenwan as the latter’s “Authorized Sole Agent”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Grassland’s Defence in Suit 1044 of 2018 (Amendment No. 1) dated 14 October
2019 (“Grassland’s Defence 1044 (Amd 1)”) at paras 6.2, 7 and 13.1
(Plaintiffs’ Set Down Bundle in Trial on Liability against 3rd Defendant in
Suit 1044 of 2018 dated 22 November 2019 (“PSDB 1044 (Grassland)”) at pp
60–63); Grassland’s Defence in Suit 1307 of 2018 (Amendment No. 1) dated 14
October 2019 (“Grassland’s Defence 1307 (Amd 1)”) at paras 5.2, 6 and 12.1
(Plaintiffs’ Set Down Bundle in Trial on Liability against 3rd Defendant in
Suit 1307 of 2018 dated 22 November 2019 (“PSDB 1307 (Grassland)”) at pp
42–44).

In the alternative, it submits that it was merely a booking agent for the
Plaintiffs and arranged for bus services to be provided by a third-party
service supplier. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Grassland’s Defence 1044 (Amd 1) at para 13.2 (PSDB 1044 (Grassland) at p 63);
Grassland’s Defence 1307 (Amd 1) at para 12.2 (PSDB 1307 (Grassland) at p 45).

Accordingly, Grassland denies that it owed a duty to the Plaintiffs to take
reasonable care to transport the Plaintiffs from Genting to Singapore. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Closing Submissions by 3rd Defendant for HC/S 1044/2018 filed 20 January 2021
(“3DCS 1044”) at para 117.

22 In response, the Plaintiffs dispute the allegation that Grassland was
merely an agent for Zenwan or the Plaintiffs. They argue that Grassland: (a)
undertook to, itself, provide transport to the Plaintiffs; or (b) was an agent
for an undisclosed principal, Zenwan. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 177 and 181.

On either ground, the Plaintiffs claim to be entitled to proceed against
Grassland for Chuah’s negligent driving. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 17-–18.

They further argue that clauses in the “Terms & Conditions” on the reverse
side of the Booking Form (“Booking Form Terms and Conditions”) which have the
effect of excluding Grassland’s liability for Chuah’s negligence are (a) not
incorporated into the Contracts; and/or (b) unenforceable under the Unfair
Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the UCTA”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 168, 170, 174, 192 and 216.

Issues to be determined

23 In light of the foregoing, the following issues arise in relation to
Zenwan’s liability:

(a) Is Zenwan vicariously liable for Chuah’s negligence in driving the Bus at
the time of the Accident?

(b) Were any or all of the Plaintiffs contributorily negligent?

24 In relation to Grassland’s liability, the issues for my determination are:

(a) What is the nature and scope of Grassland’s contractual undertaking under
the Contracts? In particular:

(i) Was Grassland an agent for Zenwan?

(ii) Did Grassland undertake to provide the bus transportation service itself,
or merely to act as an intermediary between the Plaintiffs and a third-party
bus transport supplier?

(b) Did Grassland breach the Contracts?

(c) Were the plaintiffs other than Wee and Manokaran privy to the respective
Contracts?

Zenwan’s liability

Whether Zenwan is vicariously liable

25 Vicarious liability is a form of secondary liability. Under this doctrine,
the law holds a defendant liable for the negligence of another even if the
defendant had not been negligent at all: Ng Huat Seng and another v Munib
Mohammad Madni and another [2017] 2 SLR 1074 (“Ng Huat Seng”) at [41]. There
is a two-stage inquiry to determine whether vicarious liability should be
imposed, both of which must be fulfilled.

26 First, the relationship between the primary tortfeasor and defendant must
be sufficiently close so as to make it fair, just and reasonable to impose
vicarious liability on the defendant for the primary tortfeasor’s acts (Ng
Huat Seng at [42]) (“the First Inquiry”). The classical situation in which
vicarious liability is recognised is the employer-employee relationship.
However, the law does not confine vicarious liability to employment
relationships: Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Michael A Jones gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 23rd Ed, 2020) (“Clerk & Lindsell 23rd Ed”) at para 6-01. Vicarious
liability may be imposed in relationships which are closely analogous to
employment relationships, and in which context it is fair, just and reasonable
to impose liability on the defendant for the tortious acts of the primary
tortfeasor (Ng Huat Seng at [62]).

27 Second, there must be a sufficient connection between the defendant and the
primary tortfeasor’s relationship on the one hand, and the commission of the
tort on the other (“the Second Inquiry”). The defendant must in some way have
created or significantly enhanced, by virtue of that relationship, the very
risk that in fact materialised in order to be held vicariously liable for the
primary tortfeasor’s wrongful acts (Ng Huat Seng at [66]).

28 The First Inquiry is satisfied by virtue of an admission in Zenwan’s
pleadings. The Plaintiffs pleaded that Chuah was Zenwan’s “employee, servant
and/or agent, and/or … authorized driver” at the time of the Accident. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOC 1044 at para 6 and paras 21–22 (PSDB 1044 (Zenwan) at pp 6 and 9–10); SOC
1307 at para 6 and paras 21–22 (PSDB 1307 (Zenwan) at pp 6 and 10).

Zenwan admitted to this fact in its Defence. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Zenwan’s Defence in Suit 1044 of 2018 filed on 4 December 2019 (PSDB 1044
(Zenwan) at p 49); Zenwan’s Defence in Suit 1307 of 2018 filed on 4 December
2019 at para 4 (PSDB 1307 (Zenwan) at p 31).

Further, in his AEIC, Abdul Ghani Bin Ariffin (“Abdul Ghani”), the director
and a shareholder of Zenwan, states that Chuah was “initially employed”
[emphasis added] by Zenwan in 2004. He further confirms that the Bus was
driven by Chuah at the time of the Accident as “the servant and/or agent” of
Zenwan and that Chuah was employed by Zenwan at that time. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Abdul Ghani Bin Ariffin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 28 October 2020
(“Abdul Ghani’s Oct 2020 AEIC”) at paras 6 and 14 (2nd Defendant’s Bundle of
Affidavit of Evidence in Chief in Suit 1044 of 2018 dated 4 August 2021
(“2DBAEIC 1044”) at Tab A; 2nd Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavit of Evidence in
Chief in Suit 1307 of 2018 dated 4 August 2021 (“2DBAEIC 1307”) at Tab A).

29 However, Zenwan argues that the Second Inquiry is not fulfilled. Its case
is that there is no evidence as to whether Chuah’s conduct was an unauthorised
mode of doing an act authorised by the employer, as opposed to an act outside
the scope of Chuah’s employment. Zenwan argues that it would be vicariously
liable for Chuah’s conduct only if the former is proven, but that Chuah’s
failure to give evidence is fatal to the Plaintiffs’ ability to discharge
their burden of proof. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

2nd Defendants in HC/1307/2018 and HC/S 1044/2018 Joint Closing Submissions
dated 16 September 2021 (“2DCS”) at paras 8–9.

30 The Plaintiffs argue that Zenwan is vicariously liable as Chuah negligently
managed the Bus and caused the Accident during the course of his work as
Zenwan’s employee. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS (Zenwan) at para 25.

31 I am unable to agree with Zenwan’s submissions. It follows from my judgment
against Chuah that his negligent driving had caused the Accident. In my view,
such negligent driving was so closely connected to his employment with Zenwan
that it is fair and just for the latter to be vicariously liable. This is
because on 31 August 2016, Chuah was negligent when performing the task he was
employed to do – transporting passengers safely from one destination to
another. For context, I surmise that Zenwan owned buses and employed bus
drivers to service various routes, including routes between Singapore and
Malaysia. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Abdul Ghani’s Oct 2020 AEIC at paras 4–5 (2DBAEIC 1044 at p 2; 2DBAEIC 1307 at
pp 1–2).

Chuah was employed in 2004 as one such driver and has since accumulated “many
years of driving experience”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Abdul Ghani’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 6 (2DBAEIC 1044 at p 2; 2DBAEIC 1307 at p
2).

32 In addition, Zenwan created, by virtue of its employer-employee
relationship with Chuah, the very risk that materialised. By employing Chuah
to drive its buses on designated routes, including from Genting Highlands to
Singapore, Zenwan created the risk of Chuah’s negligent driving causing a road
accident, thereby injuring passengers on board its bus. Zenwan also failed to
persuade me that all precautionary measures within its power had been taken
(see [40] below). Accordingly, there is nothing to displace the inference that
the Bus passengers were vulnerable to Chuah’s negligence.

33 In these circumstances, I find that the Second Inquiry is satisfied. I need
not go further to examine Zenwan’s submission that Chuah’s conduct was an
unauthorised mode of doing an act authorised by Zenwan, rather than an act
outside the scope of his employment. The need to prove the former no longer
forms part of the test for vicarious liability in Singapore: Skandinaviska
Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540
(“Skandinaviska”) at [66]–[68], [71] and [75].

34 Zenwan further argues that vicarious liability should not be imposed
because the policy considerations of victim compensation and deterring
employers from causing future harm do not apply. I deal with each policy
consideration in turn.

35 The policy of victim compensation is the law’s recognition that the
“employer is usually the person best placed and most able to provide effective
compensation to the victim”: Skandinaviska at [77]. For instance, the employer
may redistribute the cost of providing compensation for his employee’s torts
through mechanisms such as insurance. However, having noted that vicarious
liability is a form of “strict” liability which is imposed anomalously by the
law without requiring any fault on the defendant’s part, the Court of Appeal
went on to remark that “vicarious liability can only be justified if the
victim of the tort is himself not at fault, or is less at fault than the
blameworthy party and/or the ultimate defendant”: Skandinaviska at [78].

36 Zenwan submits that the Plaintiffs were contributorily negligent (for
reasons described at [18] above) and are therefore precluded from claiming it
is vicariously liable. However, as I later explain, I am not satisfied that
the Plaintiffs were contributorily negligent (see [63] and [79] below). This
objection, therefore, does not negate the interest in victim compensation in
this case.

37 I turn next to the policy of deterrence of future harm. This was described
by McLachlin J in the Canadian Supreme Court’s decision of The Children’s
Foundation, the Superintendent of Family and Child Services in the Province of
British Columbia and Her Majesty The Queen in Right of the Province of British
Columbia as represented by the Ministry of Social Services and Housing v
Patrick Allan Bazley [1999] 2 SCR 534 at [33] (affirmed in Skandinaviska at
[79]) as follows:

Beyond the narrow band of employer conduct that attracts direct liability in
negligence lies a vast area where imaginative and efficient administration and
supervision can reduce the risk that the employer has introduced into the
community. Holding the employer vicariously liable for the wrongs of its
employee may encourage the employer to take such steps, and hence, reduce the
risk of future harm.

38 The Court of Appeal in Skandinaviska explained that this policy rests on
the fundamental premise that the employer is best placed, relative to
everybody else, to manage the risks of his business enterprise and prevent
wrongdoing from occurring. In many cases, this premise may hold true. However,
in some cases, the person better placed to prevent the tort may well be the
victim himself or a third party (at [80]):

This may occur, for example, where an independent contractor or some other
third party independent of the employer supplies all the equipment required to
perform a job which is part and parcel of the employer’s business enterprise.
In yet other cases, the type of tort that occurs is, realistically speaking,
uncontrollable and, therefore, not amenable to deterrence. This is
particularly relevant to torts committed in the course of excessively risky
business enterprises, spur-of-the-moment torts and intentional torts. In such
situations, it may well be possible to find that the employer has done all
that is reasonable to deter the tort and yet has failed to prevent the
commission of the tort. In such situations, deterrence as a justification for
imposing vicarious liability loses much of its force.

[emphasis added]

39 Zenwan argues that it has done everything within its power to ensure the
safety of its passengers, including by training Chuah and providing him with a
vehicle which was in proper working order, regularly serviced, and included
seatbelts. Its point is that driving on roads “poses such unlimited
circumstances and situations which cannot be foreseen” and that accidents may
happen “no matter how much precautionary measures are taken”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

2DCS at paras 12, 17–18.

The Plaintiffs submit that Zenwan’s position “goes completely against the
weight of the law and makes nonsensical [sic] of the principle of vicarious
liability”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiffs’ in HC/S 1044/2018 & HC/S 1307/2018 Joint Written Reply Submissions
in respect of the Trial on Liability against the 2nd Defendant in HC/S
1044/2018 & HC/S 1307/2018 dated 24 September 2021 (“PRS (Zenwan)”) at para 4.

40 I do not accept Zenwan’s submissions. I am satisfied that Zenwan, being the
owner of the Bus and Chuah’s employer, was in the best position to reduce the
risk of negligent driving causing road accidents and injury to passengers.
Although Zenwan insists that it has taken all precautionary measures within
its power, this contention is unsupported by the evidence. For one, as I later
explain at [63] below, there is insufficient evidence to prove that the Bus
was fitted with seatbelts for its passengers. In addition, besides the fact
that Chuah was employed in 2004 and is alleged to have had “years of
experience ferrying passengers to and from various parts of Malaysia”, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

2DCS at para 18.

there is no evidence of the nature of the training which Zenwan had provided
to Chuah, or which Chuah had received before joining Zenwan. Finally, Zenwan
has not furnished evidence pertaining to how much rest Chuah was afforded
before embarking on the fateful journey back to Singapore, the schedule of
Zenwan’s buses and how often Chuah was rostered to drive for Zenwan. For these
reasons, the policy of deterrence of future harm applies with full force. Bus
owners and employers in Zenwan’s position should be incentivised to
effectively manage the risks posed to their customers or passengers in the
course of their business activities.

41 In all these circumstances, it is just, fair and reasonable to impose
vicarious liability on Zenwan for Chuah’s negligence.

Whether the Plaintiffs were contributorily negligent

42 As set out at [19] above, the Plaintiffs raise several objections to the
contention that they were contributorily negligent. Two of which are that: (a)
the defendant who is vicariously liable cannot raise contributory negligence
if the primary tortfeasor has not (“the Primary Tortfeasor Argument”); and (b)
Zenwan is prevented from re-litigating the issue due to issue estoppel arising
from the judgment against Chuah (“the Issue Estoppel Argument”).

43 I will assume, without deciding, that the Primary Tortfeasor Argument and
Issue Estoppel Argument are resolved in Zenwan’s favour (ie, Zenwan is not
barred from raising the issue of contributory negligence). Even if this is
correct, in my judgment, Zenwan is unable to prove the elements of
contributory negligence. I begin by outlining some basic principles.

44 Contributory negligence is a partial defence which is statutorily enacted
in the Contributory Negligence and Personal Injuries Act 1953 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“Contributory Negligence Act”). Section 3(1) of the Contributory Negligence
Act reads:

3.—(1) Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault
and partly of the fault of any other person or persons, a claim in respect of
that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person
suffering the damage, but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be
reduced to such extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to
the claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage.

[emphasis added]

In essence, the claimant must have failed to take due care for his own safety
and thus caused loss to himself: Asnah bte Ab Rahman v Li Jianlin [2016] 2 SLR
944 (“Asnah”) at [18]).

45 The defendant bears the burden of establishing the defence of contributory
negligence: Munshi Mohammad Faiz v Interpro Construction Pte Ltd and others
and another appeal [2021] 4 SLR 1371 at [37]; Asnah at [113] and [178]. To
establish contributory negligence, the defendant must prove that the plaintiff
owes himself a duty to take care of his own safety in the prevailing
circumstances of the case and that the plaintiff breached the requisite
standard of care (Asnah at [19]–[20]). As a general rule, the standard of care
expected of the plaintiff is measured against a person of ordinary prudence,
corresponding in most cases to the standard of care in negligence (Asnah at
[20]).

46 If the plaintiff is found to have been contributorily negligent, the court
proceeds to determine the appropriate reduction in the plaintiff’s damages for
his contributory negligence. To re-iterate, s 3(1) of the Contributory
Negligence Act requires the damages to “be reduced to such extent as the court
thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant’s share in the
responsibility for the damage.” Amongst the many considerations that may fall
to guide the exercise of the court’s discretion, the Court of Appeal in Asnah
at [118] highlighted two in particular: (a) the relative causative potency of
the parties’ conduct; and (b) the relative moral blameworthiness of the
parties’ conduct.

Whether the Plaintiffs failed to wear seatbelts

47 Zenwan submits that all of the Plaintiffs were contributorily negligent for
failing to wear their seatbelts at the time of the Accident. It argues that
the Bus had seatbelts and that Zenwan had made this a term of their booking.
In particular, it blames Manokaran’s family in Suit 1044 for not noticing this
term in the Booking Form given that Priyatharsini’s job as a Patient Assistant
Specialist required her to explain the terms and conditions of consent forms
for medical procedures to patients. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

2DCS at para 27.

48 The Plaintiffs instead point to the lack of evidence that the Bus was
fitted with seatbelts. They argue that the newspaper report stating that the
Manokarans had not been wearing their seatbelts is inadmissible hearsay. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS (Zenwan) at para 78.

They further argue that if the Bus had seatbelts, Zenwan could easily have led
evidence from Abdul Ghani or Tan Chor Theng (“Tan”) on this point. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS (Zenwan) at para 85.

Tan is the managing director of Tact Coach & Seat Mfg Sdn Bhd (“Tact”), which
repaired the Bus after the Accident. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Tan Chor Theng’s Affidavit dated 14 August 2020 (“Tan’s AEIC”) at paras 1 and
5 (2DBAEIC 1044, Tab B; 2DBAEIC 1307, Tab B).

They highlight that no such evidence was led by Zenwan. The Plaintiffs also
rely on their evidence that to their best recollection, the Bus did not have
seatbelts, or that even if they are unable to recall if there were seatbelts
or not, they would have worn the seatbelts if they had been provided. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS (Zenwan) at paras 79–80, 83–84.

49 I agree with the Plaintiffs. There is insufficient evidence showing that
the Bus was fitted with seatbelts at the time of the Accident. As such, Zenwan
has failed to establish that the Plaintiffs breached the standard of care
expected of passengers on a tour bus. My reasons are as follows.

50 First, the Straits Times newspaper article dated 4 September 2016 (“the ST
Article”) exhibited in Abdul Ghani’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 28
October 2020 (“Abdul Ghani’s 28 Oct AEIC”) 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Abdul Ghani’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 8 (2DBAEIC 1044, Tab A; 2DBAEIC 1307, Tab
A).

is inadmissible hearsay. In their Notice of Objections to the AEICs filed on
behalf of Zenwan, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Notice of Objection dated 11 November 2020 at p 3.

the Plaintiffs objected to admitting the ST Article on this ground. The
article is about Manokaran and his family’s involvement in the Accident.
Presumably, Zenwan relies on the portion of the article which reads: “The
family, who had not been wearing seatbelts, had been sitting at the upper deck
and Mr Manokaran ended up in the stairwell after the crash.” [emphasis added].
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Abdul Ghani’s Oct 2020 AEIC at p 23 (2DBAEIC 1044, Tab A; 2DBAEIC 1307, Tab
A).

51 Insofar as Zenwan relies on the foregoing statement in the ST Article to
prove that the Bus had been fitted with seatbelts, the article is hearsay
evidence. Since Zenwan has neither argued nor proved that any of the
provisions in s 32(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence
Act”) apply, the ST Article is inadmissible.

52 I am fortified in my decision by Aedit Abdullah J’s conclusion in Ajit
Chandrasekar Prabhu and another v Yan Beng Kooi and another [2015] SGHC 280
(“Ajit”) that newspaper articles are inadmissible under s 32(1)(b) of the
Evidence Act. That provision reads as follows:

or is made in course of trade, business, profession or other occupation;

(b) when the statement was made by a person in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation and in particular when it consists of
—

(i) any entry or memorandum in books kept in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation or in the discharge of professional
duty;

(ii) an acknowledgment (whether written or signed) for the receipt of money,
goods, securities or property of any kind;

(iii) any information in market quotations, tabulations, lists, directories or
other compilations generally used and relied upon by the public or by persons
in particular occupations; or

(iv) a document constituting, or forming part of, the records (whether past or
present) of a trade, business, profession or other occupation that are
recorded, owned or kept by any person, body or organisation carrying out the
trade, business, profession or other occupation,

and includes a statement made in a document that is, or forms part of, a
record compiled by a person acting in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation based on information supplied by
other persons;

[emphasis in original in bold]

53 In gist, Abdullah J was of the view that articles in newspapers may not be
prepared with the same care and accuracy as business records which are
admissible under s 32(1)(b) (Ajit at [51]). For the same reasons, I view the
accuracy of the ST Article with circumspection.

54 Even if the ST Article was admitted, I would exercise my discretion under s
32(5) of the Evidence Act to accord it little weight. The ST Article simply
asserts that the plaintiffs in Suit 1044 “had not been wearing seatbelts”.
However, the Plaintiffs’ evidence is more equivocal. All of the Plaintiffs
state in their AEICs that they are unable to recall if they had worn a
seatbelt on the Bus. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 41 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at p 11); Xie Lianzhu @
Ye Lianzhu’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 23 October 2020 (“Xie’s Oct
2020 AEIC”) at para 27 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at p 58); R Manokaran’s Affidavit
of Evidence-in-Chief dated 23 October 2020 (“Manokaran’s Oct 2020 AEIC”) at
para 35 (Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (Trial on
Liability against the 1st and 2nd Defendants) in Suit 1044 dated 9 April 2021
(“PBAEIC 1044 (Zenwan)”) at p 10); Muniandy Barvathi’s Affidavit of Evidence-
in-Chief dated 23 October 2020 (“Barvathi’s Oct 2020 AEIC”) at para 37 (PBAEIC
1044 (Zenwan) at p 63); M Priyatharsini’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated
23 October 2020 (“Priyatharsini’s Oct 2020 AEIC”) at para 37 (PBAEIC 1044
(Zenwan) at p 105); Navindran’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 36 (PBAEIC 1044 (Zenwan)
at p 135).

In any case, the ST Article does not clarify whether the Bus was fitted with
seatbelts which the Plaintiffs negligently failed to use. Therefore, even
taking the ST Article at face value, I find little support for Zenwan’s case
that the Bus had been fitted with seatbelts.

55 Second, I agree with the Plaintiffs that Zenwan failed to adduce any other
evidence that the Bus had been fitted with seatbelts. As Zenwan was the
registered owner of the Bus, it would have had knowledge of this information.
Alternatively, it could have led evidence from Tan on this issue. As the
Plaintiffs observe, Tan would have been privy to whether the Bus had been
fitted with seatbelts. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS (Zenwan) at para 85.

This is because after the Bus was inspected by the police, the company that
Tan managed, Tact, towed the Bus back to its workshop to conduct repairs. Tact
has also been servicing Zenwan’s buses for “many years”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Tan’s AEIC at para 5 (2DBAEIC 1044, Tab B; 2DBAEIC 1307, Tab B).

56 Abdul Ghani’s AEICs dated 24 September 2019, filed in both actions for the
trial on Grassland’s liability (“Abdul Ghani’s 24 Sep AEIC”), state that
“[a]ll Zenwan buses were equipped with seatbelts on all seats and passengers
would be reminded to wear such seatbelts for safety”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Abdul Ghani’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief in Suit 1044 of 2018 dated 24
September 2019 (“Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044)”) at para 17(c) (3rd
Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief in Suit 1044 (“3DBAEIC
1044”) at p 18); Abdul Ghani’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief in Suit 1307 of
2018 dated 24 September 2019 (“Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307)”) at para
17(c) (3rd Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief in Suit 1307
(“3DBAEIC 1307”) at p 18).

However, (a) this piece of evidence is not found in Abdul Ghani’s later AEICs
sworn for the purpose of determining Zenwan’s liability; and (b) even if this
evidence is admissible against Zenwan, it is merely a general comment that
does not prove that the Bus was fitted with seatbelts.

57 Since proving that the Bus had been fitted with seatbelts forms part of
Zenwan’s defence, and the truth of this fact is within its own knowledge or
that of its witnesses, I draw an adverse inference against it for failing to
lead credible evidence on this point. I do so under Illustration (g) to s 116
of the Evidence Act, which provides that:

Court may presume existence of certain fact

116\. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely
to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events,
human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts
of the particular case.

Illustrations

The court may presume —

…

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it;

…

[emphasis in original in bold and italics]

58 Finally, portions of the Plaintiffs’ evidence contradict there having been
seatbelts on the Bus at the time of the Accident.

59 In Suit 1307, Wee and Xie’s evidence suggests that there were no seatbelts
on the Bus. In Wee and Xie’s AEICs, they both state that “[t]o the best of
[their] recollection, [they] do not think the Bus had been fitted with
seatbelts”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 41 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at p 11); Xie’s Oct 2020
AEIC at para 27 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at p 58).

Both maintained this position under cross-examination. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE, 3 August 2021, pp 19:23 (Wee), 25:23 (Xie).

Xie added that if she had seen a seat belt, she would “definitely fasten” it.
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE, 3 August 2021, p 26:17–20.

The relevant portions of Wee and Xie’s testimony read as follows: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 3 August 2021, pp 19:17–23. 22:1–7 and 26:4–20.

[Wee’s cross-examination]

Q: Your evidence is different, slightly different. You are saying that
Singapore to Genting, no seatbelts. Genting to Singapore, no seatbelts.

A: Yes, correct.

Q: But you mention here, “I can’t remember whether I was wearing a seatbelt.”

A: Yah. It’s already so many years at least.

Q: So can you clearly or you can’t remember?

A: To my best of my recollection, it’s that there is no seatbelt.

…

Q: Okay, but, Mr Wee, whatever it is, you’re not wearing a seat belt. That’s
it---that’s---

A: No---

Q: ---correct?

A: ---no seat belt.

Q: Okay.

A: No seat belt.

[Xie’s cross-examination]

Q: Alright. So, Mrs Wee, you would agree that if there were seat belts, you
would have put it on, correct?

A: Yes, I agree.

Q: Okay. So, Mrs Wee, why didn’t you raise this with your husband or the bus
driver?

A: Once I’m up on the bus, to me, it’s already okay, because I’m taking---
occupying the first-row seats. I didn’t pay much attention whether there were
seat belts on the coach or not.

…

Q: Alright, Mrs Wee, my instructions were that, actually, there are seat belts
in the coach; it’s just that you did not wear it. Would you agree or disagree?

A: I disagree, because if I were to see the seat belt, I would definitely
fasten the seat belt.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

60 I accept that Wee and Xie do not have perfect recollections of the day of
the Accident. Wee admits in his AEIC that he “cannot remember if [he] was
wearing a seatbelt during the journey from Genting to Singapore” as it was
about three years ago at that time. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 41 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at p 11).

Xie also testified that she “didn’t pay much attention whether there were seat
belts on the coach or not” (see excerpt at [59] above). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE, 3 August 2021, p 26:9–11.

61 Although Wee and Xie’s evidence is not entirely reliable, it casts doubt on
Zenwan’s contention that the Bus was fitted with seatbelts. In any case, the
Plaintiffs do not bear the burden of proving that the Bus was not fitted with
seatbelts.

62 In Suit 1044, the evidence of Manokaran’s family is neutral because all
four family members are unable to recall if the Bus was fitted with seatbelts
or if they had worn seatbelts or not. However, each testified that they would
have worn the seatbelt if it had been provided. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Manokaran’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 35 (PBAEIC 1044 (Zenwan) at p 10);
Barvathi’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 37 (PBAEIC 1044 (Zenwan) at p 63);
Priyatharsini’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 37 (PBAEIC 1044 (Zenwan) at p 105);
Navindran’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 36 (PBAEIC 1044 (Zenwan) at p 135); NE, 3
August 2021, pp 37:18, 39:2–9 (Manokaran), 43:30–32, 44:1–3, 45:5 (Barvathi),
51:24–26, 52:19–23 (Priyatharsini), 56:22–23 (Navindran).

Additionally, Wee’s oral evidence in Suit 1307 was received in Suit 1044 by
virtue of HC/ORC 7071/2020 without him taking the stand in the latter suit,
and he swore an affidavit of evidence-in-chief dated 23 October 2020 in Suit
1044. These steps were taken because Wee was the only one who claims to have
observed that there were no other motor vehicles in front of the Bus before
the Accident. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

HC/ORC 7071/2020 in HC/SUM 6017/2019; See, eg, R Manokaran’s Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 September 2019 (“Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC”) at
para 39 (Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief in Suit 1044 of
2018 dated 2 December 2019 (“PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland)”) at p 13).

Hence, my views on Wee’s evidence at [59]–[61] above apply equally in Suit
1044.

63 Considering the evidence in totality, I am not satisfied that Zenwan has
proved on a balance of probabilities that the Bus had been fitted with
seatbelts which the Plaintiffs failed to use in breach of the standard of care
expected of them. This is especially given the adverse inference weighing
against Zenwan (see [57] above). The Plaintiffs are therefore not
contributorily negligent in respect of the non-use of seatbelts.

Whether Wee had caused or contributed to his injuries by standing up

64 Zenwan submits that Wee was contributorily negligent by standing up before
the Bus collided with the centre divider on Karak Highway and thereby placed
himself in harm’s way. It stresses that there was “no need to stand since
[Wee] was seated at the very front with a clear view of the highway”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

2DCS at para 28.

65 Wee admits, in his submissions, to having stood up “when he noticed that
the bus was swerving just prior to the accident”. However, he submits that he
“cannot be faulted for standing as that was a reasonable reaction on the part
of anyone who was seated without a seatbelt, i.e. to stand up to take stock of
the impending danger.” 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS (Zenwan) at para 88.

66 The relevant issue is one of causation. If Wee’s act of standing up did not
cause or contribute to the injuries of which he now complains, he cannot have
been contributorily negligent.

67 Proving causation is a necessary element to establishing the defence of
contributory negligence. It is statutorily provided for in s 3(1) of the
Contributory Negligence Act, which requires the damage suffered by the
plaintiff to “result” partly from his own fault. In my view, the presence of
causation should be determined before the court apportions liability by
weighing factors such as the relative causative potency of the parties’
conduct. I regard the factor of relative causative potency as going to the
comparative strengths of the causal links from each party’s conduct to the
injury sustained by the plaintiff. This factor therefore presupposes the
existence of a causal link between the plaintiff’s conduct and his injury.

68 The Court of Appeal in Fong Maun Yee and another v Yoong Weng Ho Robert
[1997] 1 SLR(R) 751 (“Fong Maun Yee”) at [59] endorsed the proposition, in
Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Margaret R Brazier gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th
Ed, 1995) at para 3-13, that the principles governing whether the plaintiff’s
own fault contributed to his injuries should be the same as those governing
whether the defendant caused those injuries. Further, broad common sense
should be used to judge cause and effect on the facts of each particular case.
These same principles are re-iterated in Clerk & Lindsell 23rd Ed at para
3-62.

69 To establish the tort of negligence, both factual and legal causation must
be proved.

70 The Court of Appeal’s classic statement of the requirement of factual
causation in Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3
SLR(R) 782 (“Sunny Metal”) reads as follows (at [52]):

Causation in fact is concerned with the question of whether the relation
between the defendant’s breach of duty and the claimant’s damage is one of
cause and effect in accordance with scientific or objective notions of
physical sequence. It is concerned with establishing the physical connection
between the defendant’s wrong and the claimant’s damage. The universally
accepted test in this regard is the ‘but for’ test …

[emphasis in original]

71 However, even if factual causation is proved, the plaintiff must go further
to show that the defendant’s wrongful conduct constituted the “legal cause” of
the damage. Where it can be established that a novus actus interveniens has
broken the chain of causation, the defendant will be freed from liability. The
requirement of legal causation assists the court to determine “how best to
attribute responsibility for the claimant’s damage” [emphasis in original]
based on convenience, public policy and a rough sense of justice: Sunny Metal
at [54]–[55].

72 It follows from Fong Maun Yee and Clerk & Lindsell 23rd Ed that these
principles also govern the determination of causation in contributory
negligence. The following remarks add further clarity to the inquiry of
causation in the context of contributory negligence (Clerk & Lindsell 23rd Ed
at para 3-59):

(a) The defence of contributory negligence is available when the plaintiff’s
own negligence contributes to the damage of which he complains. It is not
limited to cases where the plaintiff’s fault contributes to the occurrence
inflicting that damage.

(b) Contributory negligence remains relevant if the plaintiff contributes to
the extent or nature of his ensuing injury.

73 I now return to the relevant facts of this case.

74 In his AEIC, testimony under cross-examination and closing submissions,
Wee’s position is that he stood up when he noticed the Bus starting to swerve
to the right. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 43 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at p 9); NE, 3 August
2021, p 19:27–29; PCS (Zenwan) at para 88.

75 However, and crucially, it remains unclear to me whether Wee had sat back
down before the Bus collided with the centre divider and overturned. Wee’s
AEIC sworn on 23 October 2020 in Suit 1307 (“Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC (1307)”)
states that after standing up, he “did not see any other motor vehicles in
front of the Bus” and “immediately sat back down” [emphasis added]. After
sitting back down, Wee continued to feel the Bus “swerve” towards the centre
divider on Karak Highway. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 43 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at p 9).

On this account in his AEIC, Wee had returned to a sitting position before the
Bus collided with the centre divider. In contrast, Wee’s police report filed
on 2 September 2016 with the police in Malaysia (“Wee’s Malaysian Police
Report”) states that when Wee was standing, suddenly, the Bus “SWIFTED [sic]
TO THE RIGHT AND HIT THE CENTER DIVIDER AND TOPPLE DOWN.” 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC at para 46, p 37 (PBAEIC 1307 (Zenwan) at pp 12 and 39)

Wee’s Malaysian Police Report suggests that Wee was still standing when the
Accident occurred.

76 In the version of events in Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC (1307), Wee was sitting
down by the time the Accident occurred. If this is true, even if Wee had stood
up at some point, Wee would still have suffered the same type and severity of
injuries. Any additional danger or risk he placed himself in by standing could
have extinguished by the time the Bus collided with the centre divider.

77 Conversely, in the version of events in Wee’s Malaysian Police Report,
Wee’s act of standing up would have a causal link to the extent or nature of
his injuries. But for Wee’s act of standing up after the Bus had begun to
swerve and remaining standing as the Bus overturned, Wee would have suffered
less severe injuries.

78 I have reservations about the credibility of the Malaysian Police Report.
Wee testified that his Malaysian Police Report was not accurate and challenged
the completeness of, at least, one part of the report. With regards the latter
challenge, Wee claimed to have told the Malaysian police officers that he
“stood up and take a look”, but the report only recorded that he had stood up.
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE, 3 August 2021, p 21:19–31.

It is also significant that the Malaysian Police recorded Wee’s statement on 2
September 2016 in Kuala Lumpur Hospital some two days after the Accident. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 3 August 2021, p 21:14–18; Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC at paras 46 and 50 (PBAEIC
1307 (Zenwan) at pp 12–13).

It is unclear to me if Wee was in the right frame of mind to carefully recount
the details of the Accident at that time. As Wee testified, his “mind [was]
not in a stable condition” then. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 3 August 2021, p 21:16–18.

79 In view of these doubts about the completeness of Wee’s Malaysian Police
Report and the contradictory account in Wee’s Oct 2020 AEIC (1307), I am not
prepared to find that Wee’s act of standing up was a factual cause of his
injuries. The question of legal causation is therefore moot. Accordingly,
Zenwan has failed to prove that Wee was contributorily negligent for standing
up as the Bus was swerving.

Conclusion

80 Based on the foregoing, both inquiries in the test for vicarious liability
are met and Zenwan has failed to prove that any of the Plaintiffs was
contributorily negligent. As such, Zenwan is vicariously liable for Chuah’s
negligent driving.

Grassland’s liability

81 While the Plaintiffs’ claim against Zenwan lies in tort, their claim
against Grassland is for breach of contract. The trial on Grassland’s
liability was completed in an earlier tranche which closed on 25 November
2020.

82 The outcome of the first issue at [24(a)] will determine whether Grassland
is party to the Contracts with the Plaintiffs and whether it is contractually
liable thereunder for Chuah’s negligent driving of the Bus. There are several
possible outcomes:

(a) If Grassland is an agent for Zenwan, and Zenwan is a disclosed principal,
the Contracts are contracts of carriage to which only the Plaintiffs and
Zenwan are parties. In this first situation, the agent drops out from the
contract: The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed)
(Academy Publishing 2012) (“The Law of Contract in Singapore”) at para 15.047.
In this first situation, there would be no cause of action in contract against
Grassland.

(b) However, if Grassland is Zenwan’s agent, but Zenwan is an undisclosed
principal, contractual liability for Chuah’s negligence may be enforced
against Grassland. This is because an agent for an undisclosed principal
“remains liable and entitled under the contract” [emphasis in original] if
entered into on behalf of the latter: The Law of Contract in Singapore at para
15.047. In this second situation, Grassland is liable as the Plaintiffs may
elect to sue either the agent (Grassland) or the undisclosed principal
(Zenwan) under the Contracts.

(c) If Grassland is not an agent for Zenwan, but merely undertook to arrange
for the performance of transportation services by others (as compared to
performing the services itself), then it would have fulfilled its contract by
exercising due care in the selection of a competent transport supplier: Craven
v Strand Holidays (Canada) Ltd (1982) 40 OR (2d) 186 (“Craven”) at [16]; Wong
Mee Wan v Kwan Kin Travel Services Ltd and others [1995] 4 All ER 745 (“Wong
Mee Wan”) at 749–750. In my view, the foregoing analysis applies if Grassland
is an agent for the Plaintiffs.

(d) If Grassland is an agent for no one, and undertook to perform the
transportation service itself, it cannot escape liability by delegating or
sub-contracting the work to Zenwan: Craven at [16].

Whether Grassland was an agent for Zenwan?

83 Grassland pleads that it “merely sold tickets on behalf of [Zenwan], as
[Zenwan’s] Authorized Sole Agent and that the tickets are and were at all
material times issued in the name of [Zenwan]”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Grassland’s Defence 1044 (Amd 1) at paras 6.2, 7 and 13.1 (PSDB 1044
(Grassland) at pp 60–63); Grassland’s Defence 1307 (Amd 1) at paras 5.2, 6 and
12.1 (PSDB 1307 (Grassland) at pp 42–45).

Grassland avers that the Plaintiffs knew this at the time the Contract was
entered into and refer, in this regard, to cl 19 in the “Terms & Conditions”
on the reverse side of the Booking Form (“the Booking Form Terms and
Conditions”). Clause 19 states that: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents (in the Trial on Liability against the 3rd
Defendant) in Suit 1307 of 2018 dated 2 December 2019 (“PBD 1307 (Grassland)”)
at p 4; Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents (in the Trial on Liability against the
3rd Defendant) in Suit 1044 of 2018 dated 2 December 2019 (“PBD 1044
(Grassland)”) at p 5.

The Company and/or its associated agents act only in the capacity of agent for
passengers in making all arrangements for transportation and accommodation.
All receipts and tickets issued by the Company are subject to the terms and
conditions stipulated by the supplier.

The Plaintiffs accept that the “Company” refers to GE in the Wees’ Booking
Form and GET in the Manokarans’ Booking Form. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 58.

84 Abdul Ghani’s 24 Sep AEIC states that GET, a company associated with GE,
was appointed by Zenwan as its ticketing agent in Singapore since 1992. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044) at para 4 (3DBAEIC 1044 at p 15; Abdul
Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at para 4 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 15)

He explains that both GET and GE would sell seats to passengers on buses owned
and operated by Zenwan, but that he does not know what the arrangement between
GET and GE is. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044) at paras 4–5 (3DBAEIC 1044 at p 15); Abdul
Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at paras 4–5 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 15).

He also testified under cross-examination that GE is not an authorised
ticketing agent for Zenwan. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 12 December 2019, p 21:1–6.

To show that GET is Zenwan’s ticketing agent, Abdul Ghani exhibits: (a) a
letter titled “RE: APPOINTMENT OF AUTHORISED SOLE AGENT” from Zenwan to GET
dated 24 August 1992 (“Letter of Appointment”); and (b) an email from the Bus
Licence Services, Public Transport Group of the Land Transport Authority to
Grassland’s counsel dated 24 June 2019 (“the LTA Email”). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044) at para 4 and pp 32–33 (3DBAEIC 1044 at pp
15, 45–46); Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at para 4 and pp 39–40 (3DBAEIC
1307 at pp 15, 52–53).

85 The Letter of Appointment states: “It is hereby confirmed that [GET] has
been appointed as the Authorised Sole Agent for our Express services running
from Kuala Kedah – Johore Bahru/Singapore – Kuala Kedah named ‘Zenwan (M) Sdn.
Bhd. – Langkawi Express.’” [emphasis added]. The LTA Email states that “Based
on LTA’s current records, [GET] is the authorised ticketing agent for
[Zenwan]”.

86 In response, the Plaintiffs submit that the Letter of Appointment only
evidences GET’s appointment as Zenwan’s sole authorised agent in respect of
services running from “Kuala Kedah – Johore Bahru/Singapore – Kuala Kedah”
(“the Kuala Kedah Route”) and not for any services running between Singapore
and Genting (“the Genting Route”). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 90, 92 and 94.

They point out that Abdul Ghani admitted under cross examination that the
Letter of Appointment only showed Zenwan appointing GET for the Kuala Kedah
Route. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 90.

This was his evidence in Suit 1044. However, when he had testified earlier in
respect of Suit 1307, he disagreed that the Letter of Appointment did not
evidence GET’s agency in respect of the Genting Route. The relevant portion of
Abdul Ghani’s testimony under Suit 1307 is as follows: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 12 December 2019, p 20:10–32.

Q: … Do you confirm looking at page 39, it only shows Zenwan appointing
Grassland Express & Tours Pte Ltd as the authorised sole agent for express
service running from Kuala Kedah to Johor Bahru/Singapore. Do you confirm
that?

A: Yes.

Q: So this is not a document that evidences that Grassland Express Tours Pte
Ltd was appointed as an authorised sole agent for the sale of tickets on
express bus service from Singapore to Genting, and from Genting to Singapore.
Do you agree with me?

A: I disagree, Your Honour.

…

Q: This document dated 24th August 1992, that it actually states that you are
the authorised---sorry, that Grassland Express & Tours Pte Ltd is the
authorised sole agent on your behalf, or on your company’s behalf for express
service running from Singapore to Genting, and from Genting to Singapore.

A: Yes, Your Honour.

[emphasis added]

87 In the final analysis, I am unpersuaded by Grassland’s submissions.

88 Even if Grassland was Zenwan’s agent in respect of the Genting Route,
Zenwan was an undisclosed principal. If so, the Plaintiffs were entitled to
elect to sue the agent under the Contracts (as they have done under this
contractual claim).

89 Zenwan would have been an undisclosed principal because the Plaintiffs and
Grassland did not contract with each other on the basis of Grassland being an
agent of Zenwan. This is for two reasons.

90 First, cl 19 indicates to a reasonable reader that Grassland was not an
agent for Zenwan (or transport suppliers in general). Although Grassland took
pains in cl 19 to state that it acted “only in the capacity of agent for
passengers” [emphasis added], the same clause does not confine Grassland’s
role to that of a mere agent for the transport “supplier”. The logical
inference is that Grassland undertook to perform the transportation service
itself and was merely sub-contracting the work to another party. Importantly,
Grassland still remains liable if the sub-contractor performs the service in a
manner which breaches Grassland’s contract with its customer. The fact that
the supplier of services may under the contract arrange for some or all of
them to be performed by others does not absolve the supplier from his
contractual obligation: Wong Mee Wan at 750; Chitty on Contracts vol 1 (H G
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2021) (“Chitty”) at paras 22-084 and
22-087. Thus, an objective reading of cl 19 conveys the impression that a
customer is contracting with Grassland alone for the provision of
transportation services.

91 Second, as I later explain, the evidence does not establish that Zenwan
issued bus tickets (separate from Grassland’s Booking Form) to the Plaintiffs
(see [197]–[201] below) at the time that the Contracts were formed or
thereafter. The upshot is that the Booking Forms functioned as the tickets
which the Plaintiffs used to board the Bus. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC at paras 30 and 33 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at pp
11–12); Wee Chye Hee’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 September 2019
(“Wee’s Sep 2019 AEIC”) at paras 29 and 32 (Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Affidavits
of Evidence-in-Chief in Suit 1307 of 2018 dated 2 December 2019 (“PBAEIC 1307
(Grassland)”) at pp 10–11).

It follows that the Plaintiffs did not know of the identity of Zenwan or any
other supplier for that matter. Even if Grassland were an agent for Zenwan,
the latter would have been an undisclosed principal to the Plaintiffs.

92 Even if I am wrong that Zenwan’s identity and status as Grassland’s
principal was undisclosed, there is insufficient evidence to establish that
Grassland was Zenwan’s ticketing agent in respect of the Genting Route.

93 The Letter of Appointment expressly authorises GET to act as Zenwan’s
ticketing agent in respect of the Kuala Kedah Route only. GET has no express
actual authority in respect of the Genting Route. In Suit 1044, Abdul Ghani
also confirmed that there are no other documents which shed light on the
relationship between Zenwan and Grassland. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 12 December 2019, p 85:1–5.

94 From the Letter of Appointment, there is also no basis for finding that GET
has the implied actual authority to act as Zenwan’s ticketing agent for the
Genting Route. Implied actual authority may arise in several ways. First, an
agent has authority to do things incidental to the fulfilment of tasks he is
expressly authorised to do. Second, an agent has the authority to do things a
person in such a position usually does. Third, a corporate agent may be given
implied authority by the acquiescence of his superiors (Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore vol 6 (LexisNexis, 2021) at para 70.084). None of these grounds
apply in this case.

95 Further, GET does not have the ostensible authority to act as Zenwan’s
agent for the Genting Route. To establish ostensible authority, three elements
must be proved (Millenia Pte Ltd (formerly known as Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd) v
Dragages Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Dragages et Travaux Publics
(Singapore) Pte Ltd) and others (Arup Singapore Pte Ltd, third party) [2019] 4
SLR 1075 at [512(b)], citing Banque Nationale de Paris v Tan Nancy and another
[2001] 3 SLR(R) 726 at [67]–[69]):

(a) the principal represented that the agent has authority to act for the
principal;

(b) the agent acted within the scope of the authority which the principal
represents that the agent has; and

(c) the third party relied on the representation.

96 The Letter of Appointment does not at all refer or allude to the Genting
Route and there is no evidence that Zenwan represented to the Plaintiffs that
GET or GE had the authority to act for it in respect of the Genting Route.
Accordingly, the first requirement for ostensible authority is unfulfilled.

97 The LTA Email does not take Grassland’s case any further. This is because
it is silent on the issue of whether Grassland was appointed as Zenwan’s
authorised ticketing agent for the Genting Route. It does not, without more,
provide a sufficient ground to infer that Grassland’s authority in the Letter
of Appointment had been extended to other routes by Zenwan.

98 Finally, Grassland did not plead any other bases for their purported agency
in respect of the Genting Route. For instance, it did not allege that the
scope of its agency, originating from the Letter of Appointment, was widened
to include other routes by virtue of the parties’ subsequent dealings or
agreement. No evidence was led in these regards either.

99 For these reasons, Zenwan is either: (a) an undisclosed principal, in which
case the Plaintiffs are well within their rights to select to sue Grassland
qua agent; or (b) not Grassland’s principal for the Genting Route, in which
case the Plaintiffs can only sue Grassland in contract. In both situations, it
falls on me to determine whether Grassland breached the Contracts.

Whether Grassland undertook to provide the bus transportation service itself

100 Since Grassland was not an agent for Zenwan, I am satisfied that Grassland
is a party to the Contracts which are alleged to have been breached. However,
it still remains to be seen what the nature and scope of Grassland’s
undertaking under the Contracts is. The issue, as crystallised by the
Plaintiffs, is whether Grassland had (a) merely agreed to assist them to get
in touch with a third-party transport provider, or (b) agreed to transport the
Plaintiffs to Genting Highlands and back. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 139.

101 Grassland pleads, in the alternative to being the agent of Zenwan, that
it: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Grassland’s Defence 1044 (Amd 1) at para 13.2 (PSDB 1044 (Grassland) at p 63);
Grassland’s Defence 1307 (Amd 1) at para 12.2 (PSDB 1307 (Grassland) at p 45).

… only undertook to arrange for the services under the Contract to be provided
by the bus supplier. Further, [Grassland] exercised reasonable care and skill
in selecting the bus supplier. [Grassland] refer[s] to and rel[ies] on the
terms and conditions of the Booking Form, in particular Clause 19 in this
regard.

[emphasis in original omitted]

102 In its submissions, Grassland argues that it was “merely the booking
[agent] and [did] not provide any bus”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

3DCS 1044 at para 117; Closing Submissions by 3rd Defendant for HC/S 1307/2018
filed 20 January 2021 (“3DCS 1307”) 1307 at para 117.

It denies having sold any tickets to the Plaintiffs and argues that it only
made “booking reservation[s]” for Wee and Manokaran. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

3DCS 1044 at para 6; 3DCS 1307 at para 6.

In effect, Grassland is submitting that it was only obliged to connect the
Plaintiffs with a third-party transport supplier, such as Zenwan.

103 The Plaintiffs take the converse view. They submit that Grassland’s
contractual obligation was to transport them to Genting and back to Singapore
and not merely to connect them with a third-party transport provider. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 139.

The Plaintiffs argue that the Contract contains no clear statement that
Grassland was merely arranging coach transport as agents for them. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(f).

In respect of cl 19 of the Booking Form Terms and Conditions, the Plaintiffs
argue that cl 19 was not incorporated into the Contract because it is onerous
and wholly unreasonable and was not brought to the attention of the Plaintiffs
at the time the Contracts were entered into. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 163, 165 168 and 170.

However, even if it was incorporated, the Plaintiffs submit that cl 19’s
application should be “restricted to situations where [Grassland] arranges
transportation” and does not “apply to situations where [Grassland] directly
sells coach tickets as a principal or an agent of an undisclosed principal”.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 181.

Further, they argue that despite cl 19 making reference to a third party
transport supplier, this does not preclude Grassland from being the supplier
of transport. They point out that in Emma Moore v Hotelplan Limited t/a
Inghams Travel [2010] EWHC 276 (Ch) (“Inghams Travel”), the defendant-tour
operator was held to be the supplier of a snowmobile excursion service even
though it had disseminated a welcome pack to its customer making reference to
other parties as its supplier. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(m).

104 Further, they claim that other Booking Form Terms and Conditions “gave the
impression” that Grassland owned the Bus and/or was supplying the bus
transportation to the Plaintiffs directly: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(h).

Clause in Booking Form Terms and Conditions 104

##### Foot Note 104

× PBD 1044 (Grassland) at p 5; PBD 1307 (Grassland) at p 4. | Plaintiffs’ submissions  
---|---  
Clause 1: For safety reasons, passengers must fasten their safety belts once
the bus is on the highway.| If Grassland was truly a mere arranger, and not
supplier, of the coach transportation, it seems unnecessary and irrelevant for
it to directly impose such requirements / duties on its passengers. 105

##### Foot Note 105

× PCS (Grassland) at para 151(h)(i).  
Clause 2: Hotel vouchers and tickets / receipts are not transferable. If lost,
the Company should be notified immediately.  
Clause 6: (a) Passengers shall be responsible for ensuring the following:-(i)
Passport must have a valid period of more than 6 months from the date of entry
into the destined country or countries of destination. (ii) Possession of an
International passport. (iii) Necessary documents for immigration and customs
clearance.(b) The Company shall not be liable to refund the passenger the
whole or any part of the payment for the tour package in the event the
passenger is refused entry into Malaysia or Singapore for any reason
whatsoever.| Grassland had the right to render the coach tickets invalid and
non-refundable in certain circumstances stipulated by itself. 106

##### Foot Note 106

× PCS (Grassland) at para 151(h)(ii).  
Clause 7: The hotel voucher and two-way coach tickets are not refundable and
will become invalid in the case of passenger deportation or refusal of entry
by the immigration.  
Clause 11: Passengers must check in half an hour before departure. All tickets
/ receipts / vouchers will become invalid and are non-refundable should
passengers fail to board the coach at the stipulated time.  
Clause 12: In the event of breakdown of a coach the Company reserves the right
to replace it with other types of coaches.| Grassland decided which coach to
use as Grassland had the right to replace the coach in the event of a
breakdown. 107

##### Foot Note 107

× PCS (Grassland) at para 151(h)(iii).  
Clause 13: Coach seating is arranged by the Company, any request for re-arrangement of seat(s) will not be entertained. | Grassland had the right to arrange the coach seating and stated that any request to re-arrange seats will not be entertained. 108

##### Foot Note 108

× PCS (Grassland) at para 151(h)(iv).  
Clause 16: The price paid to the Company is solely for the ticket and does not
include any other costs. In the case of a package tour, the price paid to the
Company is for the ticket and accommodation only.| The payment for the coach
tickets was to be made by the passengers to Grassland directly. The Plaintiffs
made payment directly to Grassland. 109

##### Foot Note 109

× PCS (Grassland) at para 151(h)(v).  
  
105 The Plaintiffs also argue that cll 6, 9, 12 and 13, which operate to
exclude Grassland’s liability for passengers’ losses and/or to reserve certain
rights to itself, are not needed if Grassland was merely their booking agent.
On this basis, they submit that the inclusion of these clauses by Grassland
“clearly demonstrate[s] that the relationship between [Grassland] and the
Plaintiffs was one arising from a contract of carriage”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 178.

While the remaining clauses are reproduced above, cl 9 states as follows: 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PBD 1307 (Grassland) at p 4; PBD 1044 (Grassland) at p 5.

9\. (a) The Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage to the
passenger’s personal belongings and luggage (kept in the luggage compartment
of the coach) during the entire journey.

(b) Passengers shall personally carry their belongings and luggage to and from
the customs.

(c) Passengers are advised to keep cash and valuables with them and shall not
keep the same in the luggage kept in the luggage compartment of the coach.

106 In a similar vein, the Plaintiffs argue that the “clauses” on the front of
the Booking Form demonstrate that Grassland entered into a contract of
carriage with the Plaintiffs. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 178.

By way of example, the “clauses” on the front of the Booking Form provide
information including the date and time of departure, pickup and alighting
location and state “Two way Tkt” under the heading “Description”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PBD 1307 (Grassland) at p 3; PBD 1044 (Grassland) at p 4.

107 Further the Plaintiffs argue that the Booking Forms are Grassland
documents. They highlight that the Booking Forms only feature the Grassland
logo and GE or GET’s name but do not mention Zenwan. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(a).

The Booking Forms are also described as tickets, giving the impression that
Grassland provided the transport directly. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(g).

For this reason, the Plaintiffs also claim to have believed that Grassland was
the registered owner of the Bus. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(c).

108 Moreover, the Plaintiffs highlight that Zenwan’s involvement was not
brought to their attention. They argue that the entrance of the Boon Lay
Office had GET’s name and Grassland’s logo “printed on the front of the office
in a large font” while the entrance of the Golden Mile Office had GE’s name
and the Grassland logo similarly displayed. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS(Grassland) at para 151(b).

The Plaintiffs argue that they were also not informed that they would be
travelling on a coach that was not Grassland’s at the time that the Contracts
were formed. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(d).

The Bus also had the word “Grassland” painted on its left side and the back in
large letters. Grassland’s website (www.grassland.com.sg) and its logo (the
image of a running horse) were also painted on the back of the Bus. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(i).

The Plaintiffs submit that they did not notice any reference to Zenwan on the
Bus. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(i).

They also assumed Chuah was appointed by Grassland. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 151(d) and 151(e).

109 In addition, the Plaintiffs argue that Grassland has greater opportunity
to insure itself against claims made “in respect of services performed by
others” and that the Plaintiffs were not in a position to negotiate any
contractual terms with it or Zenwan. They also lament the difficulty of
pursuing claims against Zenwan in Malaysia if they did not have a right to sue
Grassland. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 151(j) and 151(l).

Such difficulty was mentioned in Wong Mee Wan as a policy factor weighing in
favour of the first defendant travel company having undertaken to provide
certain services to the plaintiff’s daughter with reasonable skill and care
(at 754).

110 From the foregoing, I surmise that the only basis for Grassland to escape
liability, by bringing itself within the situation described at [82(c)] above,
is cl 19 of the Booking Form Terms and Conditions. I therefore begin by
analysing the anterior question of whether cl 19 is incorporated as a term in
the Contract.

Was cl 19 incorporated into the Contracts?

111 The Plaintiffs accept that the Booking Forms were signed by Wee and
Manokaran. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 52.

However, Grassland denies that Wee and Manokaran entered into the Contracts on
behalf of their respective family members. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

3DCS 1044 at para 68; 3DCS 1307 at para 51.

I will deal with this issue of privity of contract at [237]–[244] below. For
now, I focus on the issue of incorporation of contractual terms. In this
regard, the Court of Appeal in Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and
another [2019] 2 SLR 295 (“Bintai”) elucidated at [58] the “well-established
principle that in the absence of fraud or misrepresentation, a party is bound
by all the terms of a contract that it signs, even if that party did not read
or understand those terms”. The court went further to explain that
“[r]egardless of whether the terms sought to be incorporated [are] standard or
non-standard terms, the onus [is] always on the [party signing the contract]
to ascertain what those terms were before agreeing to them” (at [63]).

112 However, the Plaintiffs submit that even if a contract has been signed, “a
condition which is ‘particularly onerous or unusual’ will not be incorporated
into the contract, unless it has been fairly and reasonably brought to [the
signatory’s] attention” [emphasis in original omitted]. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 158.

The Plaintiffs refer to this as “the Interfoto Principle”, owing to its
namesake, Interfoto Picture Library Ltd v Stiletto Visual Programmes Ltd
[1988] 1 All ER 348.

113 The Plaintiffs note that whether the Interfoto Principle applies to a
signed contract remains unsettled in English law, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 161.

as was recognised in Higgins & Co Lawyers Ltd v Evans [2019] EWHC 2809
(“Higgins”) at [77]. Like Saini J in Higgins, I find Andrew Popplewell QC’s
exposition of the relevant case law in Do-Buy 925 Ltd v National Westminster
Bank plc [2010] EWHC 2862 to be helpful:

91\. I agree with [counsel for the defendant] that such principles have no
application to cl 21.2 in the present case. He rightly points out that it
remains an undecided question whether the Interfoto principle can ever apply
to a signed contract. In that case the Defendant was held not to be bound by a
term in a printed set of conditions which had been provided to him in the form
of a delivery note, but which he had neither signed nor read. In Ocean
Chemical Transport v Exnor Crags Ltd [2000] 1 Lloyd's Rep 446, [2000] 1 All ER
(Comm) 519, Evans LJ, with whom Henry and Waller LLJ agreed, was prepared to
assume that the principle might apply to onerous and unusual clauses in a
signed contract “in an extreme case where a signature was obtained under
pressure of time or other circumstances”. In HIH v New Hampshire[2001] EWCA
Civ 735, [2001] 2 All ER (Comm) 39, [2001] 2 Lloyd's Rep 161, Rix LJ doubted
whether the principle was properly applicable outside the context of
incorporation by notice (see para 209). In Amiri Flight Authority v BAE
Systems plc[2003] EWCA Civ 1447, [2004] 1 All ER (Comm) 385, 392, [2003] 2
Lloyd's Rep 767, Mance LJ, with whom Rix and Potter LLJ agreed, noted the
doubts of Rix LJ in HIH v New Hampshire and stated that it was unnecessary to
decide whether the principle could ever apply to signed contracts. He
envisaged that it might do so where for example a car owner was asked to sign
a ticket on entering a car park or a holiday maker asked to sign a long small
print document when hiring a car which in either case proved to have a
provision of “an extraneous or wholly unusual nature”; but that such cases
might be ones where the application of the provision was precluded by an
implied representation as to the nature of the document. He reiterated the
normal rule that in the absence of any misrepresentation, the signature of a
contractual document must operate as an incorporation and acceptance of all
its terms. This is a reflection of the well known principle whose existence
and importance was recently emphasised by Moore-Bick LJ in Peekay v Australia
and New Zealand Banking Group[2006] EWCA Civ 386, [2006] 2 Lloyd's Rep 511,
520 at para 43::

‘It was accepted that a person who signs a document knowing that it is
intended to have legal effect is generally bound by its terms, whether he has
actually read them or not. The classic example of this is to be found in
L'Estrange v Graucob[1934] 2 KB 394. It is an important principle of English
law which underpins the whole of commercial life; any erosion of it would have
serious repercussions far beyond the business community.’

92\. This is not an extreme case, nor one in which there is any reason to
depart from the principle that a party should be bound by a contract he has
signed. The signature on the Application Form was immediately below an
acknowledgement that the signatory had read the General Terms and Conditions
which came at the end of a section headed “Important-you should read this
carefully”. Ms Searle accepted that she was provided with the General Terms
and Conditions and had had an opportunity to read them; and that the Bank were
entitled to assume that she had done so. I see no room for the application of
the Interfoto principle in this case, even were it capable of applying to some
signed contracts.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

114 As I understand the Plaintiffs’ submission, they argue that the Interfoto
Principle should apply to a signed contract when the clause is onerous and
unfair. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 162.

115 I reject the Plaintiffs’ submission.

116 First, the Court of Appeal made clear in Bintai at [58] that only “fraud
or misrepresentation” will free a party from the terms of a signed contract.

117 Second, this question was squarely considered by Judith Prakash J (as she
then was) in Press Automation Technology Pte Ltd v Trans-Link Exhibition
Forwarding Pte Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 712 (“Press Automation Technology”).
Prakash J refused to extend the Interfoto Principle to signed contracts and
held that the principle only applied to cases in which there was no signed
contract (Press Automation Technology at [39] and [40]). In my view, this
position holds true even for contracts between businesses and consumers. It is
telling that Prakash J declined to follow the Canadian case, Tilden Rent-A-Car
Co v Clendenning [1978] 83 DLR 3d 400. In the context of a business-consumer
contract, the Canadian court held that a signature can only be relied on as
manifesting assent to a document when it is reasonable for the party relying
on the signed document to believe that the signor really did assent to its
contents. This does not represent the law in Singapore. Prakash J’s holding
and analysis at [39] and [40] of Press Automation Technology were endorsed by
the Court of Appeal in Bintai at [61].

118 I am guided by the Court of Appeal’s endorsement of Prakash J’s reasons,
two of which bear highlighting. First, as Prakash J cautioned, “[c]ontracting
parties must have a care for their own legal positions by ascertaining what
terms are to be part of a contract before signing it” (Press Automation
Technology at [40]). Second, she cited Hobhouse LJ’s remark in AEG (UK) Ltd v
Logic Resource Limited [1996] CLC 265 that recourse against onerous terms is
already statutorily provided for in the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 (c 50)
(UK). Therefore, it is no longer necessary to introduce additional strict
criteria to prevent particular terms from being incorporated into a contract.
Third, and in addition to Prakash J’s views, it would result in unacceptable
levels of uncertainty if signatories to a contract were allowed to disclaim
terms which they find to be onerous or unreasonable. In these premises, I see
no practical need to extend the Interfoto Principle to signed contracts.

119 Returning to the present case, the Booking Form has been signed by Wee and
Manokaran. In addition, it is twice stated on the front of the Booking Form
that the Contract is subject to the Booking Form Terms and Conditions on the
reverse side of the Booking Form. This will include cl 19. At the top of the
Booking Form, in between Grassland’s letterhead and the title “Booking Form”,
the following note is printed: 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PBD 1044 (Grassland) at p 4; PBD 1307 (Grassland) at p 3.

Note: Passengers are carried subject to the terms and conditions printed
overleaf.

[emphasis added]

At the bottom of the Booking Form, above the signature line, there are also
“Special Instructions” which read as follows: 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PBD 1044 (Grassland) at p 4; PBD 1307 (Grassland) at p 3.

I/We have read/have been explained, the contents of the booking form and fully
understand the same. My/Our attention has also been drawn to the terms and
conditions printed overleaf.

[emphasis added]

120 On an objective reading, I am satisfied that (a) the “terms and conditions
printed overleaf” refer to the Booking Form Terms and Conditions on the
reverse side of the Booking Form; 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PBD 1044 (Grassland) at p 4; PBD (Grassland) at p 4.

and (b) the “Note” and “Special Instructions” on the front of the Booking Form
incorporate the Booking Form Terms and Conditions, of which cl 19 is a part,
into the Contract.

121 In view of the above, applying the rule in Bintai (see [111] above), by
virtue of Wee and Manokaran’s signatures on the Booking Forms, the Plaintiffs
are bound by all the Booking Form Terms and Conditions, including cl 19. This
is because the Plaintiffs have neither pleaded nor argued any fraud or
misrepresentation on the part of Grassland. As such, it is irrelevant whether
Grassland’s representatives – Lye Poh Choo (“Lye”) in Suit 1044 and Xing Lina
in Suit 1307 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Lye Poh Choo’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 24 September 2019 (“Lye’s
AEIC”) at para 1 (3DBAEIC 1044 at p 1); Xing Lina’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief dated 24 September 2019 (“Xing Lina’s AEIC”) at para 1 (3DBAEIC 1307 at
p 1).

– drew Wee and Manokaran’s attention to the Booking Form Terms and Conditions.
Although the Plaintiffs also argue that Wee and Manokaran are not proficient
in English and were unable to understand the Booking Form Terms and
Conditions, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 169(d).

Bintai makes clear that the Plaintiffs remain bound even if they “did not read
or understand those terms” (at [58]).

Whether cl 19 is unenforceable under the UCTA

122 The Plaintiffs argue that cl 19 of the Booking Form Terms and Conditions
is unenforceable under ss 2(1) and 3(2) of the UCTA. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 199 and 201.

These provisions read as follows:

Negligence liability

2.—(1) A person cannot by reference to any contract term or to a notice given
to persons generally or to particular persons exclude or restrict his
liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence.

(2) In the case of other loss or damage, a person cannot so exclude or
restrict his liability for negligence except in so far as the term or notice
satisfies the requirement of reasonableness.

…

Liability arising in contract

3.—(1) This section applies as between contracting parties where one of them
deals as consumer or on the other’s written standard terms of business.

(2) As against that party, the other cannot by reference to any contract term
—

(a) when himself in breach of contract, exclude or restrict any liability of
his in respect of the breach; or

(b) claim to be entitled —

(i) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that
which was reasonably expected of him; or

(ii) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation, to
render no performance at all,

except in so far as (in any of the cases mentioned in this subsection) the
contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness.

[emphasis in bold in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

123 A contractual term may be rendered unenforceable under s 2(1) of the UCTA
without needing to examine the test of reasonableness under s 11. In contrast,
for a term to be unenforceable under s 3(2), the party relying on the term
must fail to establish its reasonableness under s 11 of the UCTA:

11.—(1) In relation to a contract term, the requirement of reasonableness for
the purposes of this Part and section 3 of the Misrepresentation Act [Cap.
390] is that the term shall have been a fair and reasonable one to be included
having regard to the circumstances which were, or ought reasonably to have
been, known to or in the contemplation of the parties when the contract was
made.

124 I begin by examining the Plaintiffs’ case under s 3(2)(b)(i) of the UCTA.
Preliminarily, for s 3(2) to apply, the Plaintiffs must be dealing as
consumers, or on Grassland’s written standard terms of business: s 3(1) of the
UCTA. Section 12(1) of the UCTA states that:

12.—(1) A party to a contract ‘deals as consumer’ in relation to another party
if —

(a) he neither makes the contract in the course of a business nor holds
himself out as doing so;

(b) the other party does make the contract in the course of a business; and

(c) in the case of a contract governed by the law of sale of goods or hire-
purchase, or by section 7, the goods passing under or in pursuance of the
contract are of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption.

125 The Plaintiffs are consumers as both requirements in ss 12(a) and 12(b) of
the UCTA are met. First, the Plaintiffs did not enter into the Contracts in
the course of a business, nor did they hold themselves out as doing so. Wee
told Xing Lina that he wanted bus tickets “on behalf of [his] wife and
[himself] for travel from Singapore to Genting and for return trips from
Genting to Singapore.” 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Wee’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 17 (PBAEIC 1307 (Grassland) at p 7).

Manokaran spoke to Lye about purchasing bus tickets “for [his] Family and
[himself] for travel from Singapore to Genting and for return trips from
Genting to Singapore”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 18 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 7).

The natural inference is that Manokaran and Wee were booking tickets in their
personal capacities and for their families. Second, GET and GE entered into
the Contracts in the course of a business. This much is evident from the fact
that Xing Lina and Lye, a supervisor and Front Desk Officer with GE and GET
respectively, were tasked to “make seat bookings for customers for bus
transport between Singapore and Malaysia”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Xing Lina’s AEIC at paras 1, 4 and 5 (3DBAEIC 1307 at pp 1–2); Lye’s AEIC at
paras 1, 4 and 5 (3DBAEIC 1044 at pp 1–2).

The first limb of s 3(1) is satisfied and thereby avails the Plaintiffs of s
3(2).

126 In relation to s 3(2)(b) of the UCTA, the Plaintiffs submit that
Grassland’s attempt to clothe itself as an agent of the Plaintiffs is an
attempt to render contractual performance which is substantially different
from that which was reasonably expected of it or to render no performance at
all. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 205.

127 Section 3(2)(b)(i) of the UCTA demands consideration of three questions:
(a) what contractual performance did the Plaintiffs reasonably expect of
Grassland under the Contracts; (b) what contractual performance did Grassland,
by reference to cl 19, claim to be entitled to render; and (c) whether that
contractual performance was substantially different from that which was
reasonably expected by the Plaintiffs (Zockoll Group Ltd v Mercury
Communications Ltd [1999] EMLR 385 (“Zockoll (CA)”) at 395).

128 Under the first question, the Plaintiffs submit that they expected
transportation services to and from Genting to be provided directly by
Grassland. They did not expect Grassland to be acting as the “agent and/or
sub-agent of Zenwan and/or to outsource the transportation services to
Zenwan.” They also expected that Grassland would transport them with
reasonable skill and care. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 203.

129 The answer to the first question cannot depend on the proper construction
of the contract. If this was so, the reasonable expectations of an aggrieved
party would be circumscribed by the impugned term itself: Zockoll (CA) at 395.
Thus, in considering this question, the courts have not been confined to the
four corners of the contract: The Law of Contract in Singapore at para 07.119.
Additionally, the reasonable expectations referred to in s 3(2)(b)(i) of the
UCTA are those which would have been formed at the time the contract was made:
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and another v Maclaine Watson & Co. Ltd., J.H.
Rayner (Mincing Lane) Ltd and others [1989] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 570 at 612.

130 I agree with the Plaintiffs’ submission. The following factors illustrate
the reasonableness of the Plaintiffs’ expectation that Grassland would be
providing the transportation service.

131 First, the Booking Form (less cl 19) objectively gives one the impression
that Grassland is the provider of the bus transportation service. As I later
explain when determining the nature of Grassland’s contractual undertaking,
the visual design of the Booking Form, the information conveyed on the front
page, and the Booking Form Terms and Conditions (less cl 19) are consistent
with Grassland being the transport provider (see [204]–[218] below).

132 Even if cl 19 is part of the Contracts, I accept that lay persons like the
Plaintiffs may remain under the impression that Grassland is the transport
provider. The statement that Grassland is only an “agent for passengers in
making all arrangements for transportation …” is inconclusive. This is because
the label “agent” is not determinative of the person’s status, even in law:
Tan Cheng Han, The Law of Agency (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2017) at para
01.003. In fact, there are at least two meanings of the word agent. The first
is a technical legal meaning entailing all the powers and duties associated
with agency. The second is a non-technical meaning which refers to any form of
intermediary who simply performs functions for others: Bowstead and Reynolds
on Agency (Peter Watts gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 22nd Ed, 2020) (“Bowstead and
Reynolds”) at para 1-023; John Nelson-Jones & Peter Stewart, A Practical Guide
to Package Holiday Law and Contracts (Fourmat Publishing, 2nd Ed, 1989) at
164.

133 I doubt that the word “agent” will be understood by a lay person in a
legal sense. It is entirely possible that a lay person would construe “agent”
as a short-hand for travel agency. The word “arrangements” is also vague and,
on a plain reading, is not necessarily inconsistent with Grassland being the
transport supplier. I maintain this view even though the second sentence of cl
19 references a third-party “supplier”. A possible reading is that Grassland
sub-contracted the provision of transport to a third-party (who could be an
independent contractor) but remains, vis-à-vis its own customer, the transport
provider. I find support for this last-mentioned reading of cl 19 in Inghams
Travel and Wong Mee Wan (see [169(b)] below). Clause 19 is, in my judgment,
not sufficiently clear to bring home to the reasonable reader that Grassland
is not the transport supplier.

134 In addition, the evidence reveals that Xing Lina (who served Wee) and Lye
(who served Manokaran, Barvathi and Priyatharsini) did not draw specific
attention to or explain cl 19. Xing Lina admits that if a customer does not
ask about cll 18 and 19, she will not explain them. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE, 11 December 2019, p 63: 13–31.

She only claims to explain “important terms, such as the requirement to wear
seatbelts, the passport validity, the luggage entitlement, etc.” 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Xing Lina’s AEIC at para 10 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 3).

Similarly, Lye states that if the customer does not have questions about the
Booking Form Terms and Conditions, she will only explain terms related to
common problems like “leaving behind their passports or handphone on the bus
as well as … their passport validity period and also to remind them to fasten
their seat belts while travelling on the buses. Other terms and conditions are
equally important but [she] would just get the customers to read through other
terms and conditions themselves.” 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE, 12 December 2019, p 76:17–24.

Neither Xing Lina nor Lye suggest that the Plaintiffs asked about cl 19.
Further, in Suit 1044, Lye admits that she knew, at the time that the Booking
Form was signed, that the Manokarans were booked on a Zenwan bus. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE, 12 December 2019, p 77:22 – 31.

In other words, she did not provide this information to Manokaran. As such,
there was nothing to dispel the Plaintiffs’ expectation that Grassland would
be the transport provider.

135 While the Plaintiffs further allege that they were not notified that the
reverse side of the Booking Forms contained additional terms and conditions, I
need not go that far. Even if this was done by Xing Lina and Lye, cl 19 was
not explained to the Plaintiffs. As stated, cl 19 is not necessarily
inconsistent with Grassland being the transport provider. As such, the
presence of cl 19 does not make the Plaintiffs’ expectation unreasonable.

136 The design of the entrances of the Boon Lay Office and Golden Mile Office,
which Manokaran and Wee attended respectively, would have strengthened the
impression that Grassland was the transport provider. GET or GE’s name,
alongside the Grassland logo, was emblazoned at the entrance of each office. A
list of destinations at each entrance, which Grassland assumedly serviced,
included “Genting” and other destinations in Malaysia (eg, Kuala Lumpur and
Seremban). Significantly, Grassland failed to direct my attention to any
portion of the photographs of the entrances of the Boon Lay Office and Golden
Mile Office (“the Photographs”) 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Tan Boon Huat’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 24 September 2019 in Suit
1044 of 2018 (“TBH’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044)”) at p 99 (3DBAEIC 1044 at p 203);
Tan Boon Huat’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 24 September 2019 in Suit
1307 of 2018 (“TBH’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307)”) at p 106 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 214)

which would have indicated to the Plaintiffs that the transport supplier was a
third-party like Zenwan. Grassland did, however, put into evidence a poster of
a bus (“the Poster”) which was allegedly displayed in the Boon Lay Office and
Golden Mile Office. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

TBH’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044) at para 17 and p 101 (3DBAEIC 1044 at pp 109 and
205); TBH’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at para 17 and p 108 (3DBAEIC 1307 at pp 113
and 216)

Grassland claims that the bus in the Poster features both Grassland’s and the
bus supplier’s name. However, no evidence was led as to where, within each
office, the Poster was hung and whether the bus supplier’s name was large
enough to be observable by customers.

137 I also note that because Tan was not called as a witness in Suit 1044, his
AEIC (exhibiting the photograph of the entrance of the Boon Lay Office) was
not received into evidence in that action. However, even if the Photographs
cannot be taken into account in Suit 1044, the factors at [131]–[135] above
sufficiently demonstrate the reasonableness of the Plaintiffs’ expectation
that Grassland was itself the transport supplier. In so far as Suit 1307 is
concerned, while I later dismiss the Photographs as extrinsic evidence which
is inadmissible for the purpose of contractual interpretation (see [183]–[187]
below), I do not think I am hamstrung by those rules of admissibility when
assessing the reasonableness of the Plaintiffs’ expectations under s
3(2)(b)(i) of the UCTA. This is because this inquiry is not undertaken by
reference to the principles on contractual interpretation (see [129] above).
However, if I am wrong in this regard, my decision similarly remains unchanged
in light of the factors at [131]–[135] above.

138 In sum, I accept that the Plaintiffs’ expectation that Grassland was
itself the transport supplier was reasonable.

139 Under the second question, by reference to cl 19, Grassland pleads that it
is only obliged to select a third-party supplier of the transport with
reasonable care. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Grassland’s Defence 1044 (Amd 1) at para 13.2 (PSDB 1044 (Grassland) at p 63);
Grassland’s Defence 1307 (Amd 1) at para 12.2 (PSDB 1307 (Grassland) at p 45).

140 Under the third question, whether the discrepancy between the reasonably
expected performance and the contractual performance which Grassland claims to
be entitled to render is substantial is a matter of degree. The discrepancy
must be “significant in a practical sense”: Zockoll (CA) at 397.

141 I accept that the performance which Grassland claims to be obliged to
render substantially differs from the Plaintiffs’ reasonable expectation.
Grassland claims that it is merely an intermediary to connect the Plaintiffs
with a third-party transport supplier for whose performance Grassland is not
liable. This is wholly different from the Plaintiffs’ expectation that
Grassland would be the transport provider.

142 As such, s 3(2)(b)(i) of the UCTA applies to cl 19. For it to be
enforceable, Grassland bears the burden of proving that it was fair and
reasonable to include such a contractual term having regard to the
circumstances which were, or ought reasonably to have been, known to or in the
contemplation of the parties when the contract was made: ss 11(1) and 11(5) of
the UCTA.

143 The Second Schedule of the UCTA contains guidelines for determining
whether the relevant contractual term satisfies the reasonableness test:

(a) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each
other, taking into account (among other things) alternative means by which the
customer’s requirements could have been met;

(b) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term, or in
accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other
persons, but without having to accept a similar term;

(c) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the
existence and extent of the term (having regard, among other things, to any
custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties);

(d) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some
condition is not complied with, whether it was reasonable at the time of the
contract to expect that compliance with that condition would be practicable;

(e) whether the goods were manufactured, processed or adapted to the special
order of the customer.

Although these guidelines are laid down in specific reference to ss 6(3), 7(3)
and 7(4) of the UCTA, the courts have treated them to be of general
application: Singer Co (UK) Ltd v Tees and Hartlepool Port Authority [1988] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 164 at 169, cited in Terrestrial Pte Ltd v Allgo Marine Pte Ltd
and another [2014] 1 SLR 985 at [23]. I will examine the relevant factors in
turn.

144 First, the Plaintiffs submit that there was a “vast disparity” in the
bargaining positions of the parties. They argue that Grassland is an entity
dealing in the course of business who is experienced in commercial matters. In
contrast, the Plaintiffs paint themselves as lay persons lacking experience in
commercial matters. They also claim that most of them are “not proficient in
English”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 210(a) and 210(b).

145 I agree with the Plaintiffs for the following reasons. In my view, they
were not in a position to negotiate the Booking Form Terms and Conditions.
Both Wee and Manokaran had made payment before the Booking Form was presented
for signing. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Wee’s Sep 2019 AEIC at paras 20–22 (PBAEIC 1307 (Grassland) at p 8);
Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC at paras 21–23 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 8).

Grassland has also not suggested that it was willing to amend or omit cl 19 if
requested by a customer. Further, it would not have made any financial sense
for the Plaintiffs to seek legal advice on the Booking Form Terms and
Conditions before signing the Booking Form. I say this in light of the sums
involved in each transaction – the Manokarans paid GET S$180 in total 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 22 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 8).

while the Wees paid GE S$90. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Wee’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 21 (PBAEIC 1307 (Grassland) at p 8).

146 One important question in considering the parties’ relative bargaining
power is whether the injured party could have gone elsewhere and whether the
alternative source used the same terms: Elizabeth Macdonald, Exemption Clauses
and Unfair Terms (Tottel publishing, 2nd Ed, 2006) (“Macdonald”) at 175.
However, no evidence has been placed before me to make a meaningful finding on
this point. Therefore, there is nothing to displace the finding that the
Plaintiffs were in a weaker bargaining position.

147 Second, the Plaintiffs argue that Grassland failed to draw their attention
to and explain the Booking Form Terms and Conditions, including cl 19. They
accuse Grassland of failing to disclose risks that would adversely affect
their interests. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 210(c).

Presumably, the Plaintiffs mean to argue that they did not know, nor would
they reasonably have known, of the existence and extent of cl 19. I have
already found that Grassland’s representatives failed to draw the Plaintiffs’
attention to cl 19. I accept, therefore, that they did not have actual
knowledge of cl 19 at the time the Contracts were formed. The more pertinent
question is whether the Plaintiffs ought to have known of the existence and
extent of cl 19.

148 In Suit 1307, I find that while Wee may not have had actual knowledge of
the existence of cl 19, he ought to have known of its existence. This is
because he admits to being proficient in English, even if he claims to be more
“comfortable” using Mandarin. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE, 11 December 2019, p 32:17; PCS (Grassland) at para 37.

If so, he should have been aware that there were terms and conditions on the
reverse side of the Booking Form, including cl 19. This is because it is twice
stated on the front of the Booking Form that the Contract is subject to the
Booking Form Terms and Conditions, including cl 19: (a) once at the top “Note:
Passengers are carried subject to the terms and conditions printed overleaf”;
and (b) under the “Special Instructions” above the signature line at the
bottom. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Wee’s 19 Sep AEIC at p 39 (PBAEIC 1307 (Grassland) at p 39).

149 However, even if the relevant party knew of the existence of the term, he
may not know, and could have reasonably lacked knowledge of, its content:
Overseas Medical Supplies Ltd v Orient Transport Services Ltd [1999] 1 All ER
(Comm) 981 at [12] and [18]. In this regard, GE has not demonstrated that Wee
ought to have appreciated the extent of cl 19, ie, that it was intended to
limit GE’s role to a mere agent or intermediary of the Plaintiffs. To the
contrary, as explained above at [132] to [138], it is reasonable for Wee not
to view cl 19 to be inconsistent with Grassland being the transport supplier.
In other words, while Wee’s signature represents his consent in law to the
Booking Form Terms and Conditions, I see no evidence that he consented in fact
or that his signature ought to represent his consent in fact to cl 19.

150 In Suit 1044, I also accept that the Manokarans ought to have known of the
existence of cl 19. Even though Manokaran and Barvathi claim to lack
proficiency in English, Priyatharsini was also present at the Boon Lay Office.
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 4 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 4); Muniandy
Barvathi’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 September 2019 in Suit 1044
of 2018 (“Barvathi’s Sep 2019 AEIC ”) at para 4 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p
70); M Priyatharsini’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 September 2019
in Suit 1044 of 2018 (“Priyatharsini’s Sep 2019 AEIC”) at para 4 (PBAEIC 1044
(Grassland) at p 126).

She does not claim to lack proficiency in English.

151 However, like in the Wees’ case (see [149] above), GET has not shown that
the Manokarans ought to have appreciated the extent of cl 19. I am not
convinced that Manokaran’s signature on the Booking Form ought to represent
his consent in fact to cl 19 qualifying the nature of Grassland’s contractual
undertaking.

152 Finally, the Plaintiffs argue that they had no opportunity to seek legal
advice. They submit that it is absurd if customers of tour operators,
especially those looking to purchase tickets for travel for short distances,
are expected to seek legal advice before purchasing packages from tour
operators. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 210(d).

For the reason canvassed at [145], I agree. It would be wholly unrealistic to
expect customers in the Plaintiffs’ position to seek legal advice before
completing their purchases.

153 Based on the foregoing, Grassland has failed to prove that it is fair and
reasonable for cl 19 to be included in the Contracts. The clause is therefore
unenforceable under s 3(2)(b)(i) of the UCTA for the purpose of proving that
Grassland’s contractual undertaking was merely to act as an agent for the
Plaintiffs. Given my conclusion, it is unnecessary to examine the Plaintiffs’
case under ss 2(1) and 3(2)(b)(ii) of the UCTA in relation to cl 19. I do,
however, briefly consider s 2(1) of the UCTA in relation to cl 18 at [234]
below.

154 Although the Plaintiffs appear to take the view that cl 19 must be a
clause which excludes or restricts liability before s 3(2)(b)(i) of the UCTA
applies, and make submissions to support such a characterisation of cl 19,
this is unnecessary. While s 3(2)(a) only applies to terms of such a nature, s
3(2)(b) is not similarly circumscribed. Section 3(2)(b) of the UCTA applies
where a party, by reference to any contract term, claims to be entitled to
either render performance substantially different from that which was
reasonably expected of him (s 3(2)(b)(i)) or in respect of the whole or any
part of his contractual obligation, to render no performance at all (s
3(2)(b)(ii)): The Zockoll Group Limited v Mercury Communications Limited and
Another [1997] Lexis Citation 15, upheld in Zockoll (CA); The Law Commission
and The Scottish Law Commission, Exemption Clauses: Second Report (Law Com.
No. 69; Scot. Law Com. No. 39) (“Joint Law Commission Report”) at paras
143–146 and p 119; Chitty at para 17-079 n 475; Macdonald at 101 (n 127) and
116; The Law of Contract (Michael Furmston gen ed) (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2017)
at para 3.72 n 1.

The nature of Grassland’s contractual undertaking

155 I now examine the nature of Grassland’s undertaking under the Contracts,
given that cl 19 is unenforceable. The question is whether Grassland agreed to
provide the transportation service itself, or merely to arrange for the
provision of the transportation service by a third party as the Plaintiffs’
agent. The distinction between the two situations was outlined by the Ontario
Court of Appeal in Craven at [16] (cited affirmatively by the Privy Council in
Wong Mee Wan at 750):

If a person agrees to perform some work or services, he cannot escape
contractual liability by delegating the performance to another. It is his
contract. But if the contract is only to provide or arrange for the
performance of services then he has fulfilled his contract if he has exercised
due care in the selection of a competent contractor. He is not responsible if
that contractor is negligent in the performance of the actual work or service,
for the performance is not part of his contract.

156 The Plaintiffs submit that Grassland’s role was to transport the
Plaintiffs, and not merely to link them up with a third-party transport
provider. Their submissions in this regard are set out at [103]–[109] above.
The Plaintiffs also rely on these authorities to make their case: Wong Mee
Wan, Inghams Travel, Chea Kam Wing Victor v Kwan Kin Travel Services Ltd
[2007] HKCU 1964 (“Victor Chea”) and Moran v First Choice Holidays and Flights
Ltd and another [2005] EWHC 2478 (QB) (“First Choice Holidays”). 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 103, 141, 145 and 149.

157 I first analyse the authorities relied on by the Plaintiffs. I will set
out the facts and holdings of each case before synthesising my views.

(1) The relevant authorities

158 In Wong Mee Wan, the plaintiff’s daughter drowned on a boat ride while on
a tour in China. The deceased had bought the tour package from the first
defendant, a Hong Kong travel company. The tour guide accompanying the
deceased and the boat captain at the material time were not employees of the
first defendant (at 748). On appeal, it was not in dispute that the tour guide
and boat captain had been negligent (at 749). The issue on appeal was whether
the first defendant was liable for the negligence of the tour guide and boat
captain. This turned on a question similar to that at [155] above – did the
first defendant agree to arrange for services to be provided by others as
their agents, or to supply the services itself (at 749)?

159 The Privy Council (“PC”) held that the first defendant “undertook to
provide … all the services included in the programme, even if some activities
were to be carried out by others” (at 754). It reached this conclusion by
considering the contract as a whole. In particular, Lord Slynn, delivering the
judgment of the PC, made the following observations (at 753–754):

(a) In the terms of the first defendant’s brochure, which was part of the
contractual arrangements, there were “no clear statements that the first
defendant was doing no more than arranging the tour as agent for the
travellers” [emphasis added].

(b) The heading of the brochure, “Kwan Kin Travel Tours–everything more
comprehensively and thoughtfully worked out”, indicated that the first
defendant was undertaking the task of supplying the package tours.

(c) The detailed itinerary always stated that it was “we” who would do things,
including board the bus, go for lunch, live in a hotel. The court found that
“we” included the first defendant and “integrate[d] the company into each
stage of the tour”. For instance, there was nothing indicating that the tour
guide was not the first defendant’s employee.

(d) The “all-in price” included “[t]ransportation as specified in itinerary”.
“Transportation” encompassed the fateful boat trip.

160 In support of the PC’s decision, Lord Slynn also outlined the following
policy considerations (at 754):

… It must, however, be borne in mind that the tour operator has the
opportunity to seek to protect himself against claims made against him in
respect of services performed by others by negotiating suitable contractual
terms with those who are to perform those services. He may also provide for
insurance cover. He may include an appropriate exemption clause in his
contract with the traveller. It also has to be borne in mind, in considering
what is 'tolerable' or reasonable between the parties, that a traveller in the
position of [the deceased] could have no influence on the terms negotiated by
the tour operator with third parties, and if injured by their lack of care
would, if having no right against the package tour operator, be obliged to
pursue a claim in a foreign country. The difficulty involved in doing so does
not need to be elaborated.

[emphasis added in bold italics].

161 I pause here to highlight that in Wong Mee Wan, the first defendant’s
brochure had no clear statement that it was only acting as agent for the
travellers.

162 In Inghams Travel, the plaintiff was on a skiing holiday organised by the
defendant, a holiday tour operator (at [2]). She was injured while on a
snowmobile excursion. The snowmobiles (referred to as “skidoo”) were provided
by a third party, Adriano Tantera, who both instructed the tour group in their
use and led the excursion. The original contract for the skiing holiday did
not include the snowmobile excursion (at [22]). After arrival at the ski
resort, the claimant had asked the defendant’s resort representative to
arrange the snowmobile excursion (at [12]). The claimant sued the defendant
for damages.

163 The court held that the defendant undertook to supply the snowmobile
excursion (at [27]). The court reached this conclusion despite the defendant’s
event list stating that the snowmobile excursion was provided by the
defendant’s “supplier” (at [11]). Its reasons included the following. First,
the defendant's information pack stated that “we” (ie, the defendant) could
offer snowmobiling at the resort (at [24]). Second, the event list distributed
to the plaintiff upon arrival at the ski resort made clear that the defendant
would make arrangements for the snowmobile excursion (at [24]). Third, the
receipt for payment for the snowmobile excursion bore the defendant’s logo (at
[25]). Further, “[t]here was no suggestion … that [the defendant’s resort
representative] was acting as agent for [Adriano Tantera]” [emphasis added]
(at [25]). In addition, the defendant’s resort representative also gave
evidence that she would normally have asked the skidoo excursion participants
to sign the defendant’s disclaimer, but that she did not have the defendant’s
forms with her at the time (at [14]). The court observed that this practice
“could only be consistent with her contracting with the customers for the
supply of the skidoo excursion on behalf of [defendant]” (at [25]). Fifth,
Adriano Tantera testified that members of the snowmobile excursion were the
defendant’s customers (at [16] and [26]).

164 Once again, in Inghams Travel, the contractual documents did not suggest
that the defendant acted as the agent for the third-party service provider (or
as agent for the plaintiff).

165 In Victor Chea, the plaintiff was injured while on a tour to Taiwan
organised by the defendant. A double decker tourist bus he was on fell down a
hillside and overturned (at [3]). Although a term of the contract stated that
the transport which was “arranged by [the defendant] for the tour members
[was] not owned, managed or operated by [the defendant]” (at [10]), the court
said in obiter dicta that the defendant was the service provider, and not
merely the plaintiff’s booking agent (at [18]–[19]). In reaching this view,
the court endorsed the reasons of the judge below, which included the
following:

(a) It was significant that there was “no reference anywhere to the defendant
being the agent of the plaintiff in contracting with these third parties, nor
[was] there any mention of the names of the third parties” [emphasis added].

(b) The contract as a whole made clear that the tour was organised and
arranged by the defendant using third parties to carry it out. The court said
that this was clear from the following statement in a contractual document:
“The transport, accommodation, places for meal, sightseeing or entertainment
programmes arranged by our company for the tour members are not owned, managed
or operated by our company.” [emphasis added] (at [10] and [19]). The
defendant decided the itinerary and which airline to use.

(c) Other terms in the contractual documents were also consistent with the
defendant being the organiser and provider of the tour rather than simply the
plaintiff’s agent making a booking or bookings on the plaintiff’s behalf.
These terms included the defendant’s right to refuse to accept any
application, to adjust the price before departure, to change the
accommodation, meals or sightseeing programmes and even to cancel the tour if
there were insufficient participants.

166 Similar to both Wong Mee Wan and Inghams Travel, the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal highlighted the significance of the contract not stating that the
defendant was acting as an agent for the plaintiff.

167 Finally, in First Choice Holidays, the plaintiff was injured on a quad
bike excursion while on holiday in the Dominican Republic. She sued her tour
operator, First Choice Holidays and Flights Ltd (“FCHF”), even though the
excursion was provided by a third party, Dominican Quad Bike Adventure
(“DQBA”) (at [1] and [3]). She claimed that FCHF was either the principal to
the excursion contract or an agent for an undisclosed principal. The court
held that FCHF was agent for DQBA, and that the latter was an undisclosed
principal (at [22]). FCHF was therefore liable for DQBA’s wrongs.

168 The court found the following facts relevant:

(a) The defendant’s welcome pack and front page of its booking form gave the
impression that the excursion was provided by FCHF (at [21]). There was no
reference within the defendant’s welcome pack that excursions which were
“supplied” by FCHF were operated or provided by another company (at [20] and
[22]). The booking form stated that all tours operated by FCHF complied with
stringent “health and hygiene checks” and passed a rigorous safety test (at
[20]);

(b) DQBA was not mentioned in any documents given to the plaintiff (at [22]).
These documents had the logos of FCHF and other entities, such as FCHF’s local
agent in the Dominican Republic. However, the logo of DQBA was not displayed.

(c) The documents provided by FCHF used language such as “On behalf of First
Choice” and “All tours operated by First Choice” (at [20]).

169 I distil some salient points from these authorities:

(a) The courts in all four cases found it significant that the contract
between the tour operator and its customer lacked a clear statement that the
former was merely acting as an agent for the customer (or the third-party
service provider). As observed by David Grant & Paul Urbanowicz in “Tour
operators, package holiday contracts and strict liability” (2001) JBL 253
(“Grant & Urbanowicz”) at 256, Wong Mee Wan “seems to confirm the possibility
that if a tour operator words his brochure and other contractual documents
appropriately then he will be able to avoid liability for the negligence of
his subcontractors”. The same can be said about the other decisions cited by
the Plaintiffs.

(b) Even though the tour operator’s contract states that certain activities
are provided by third party suppliers (eg, Inghams Travel), this does not
preclude the tour operator from having, in law, undertaken to provide the
service itself. In my view, in such situations, the tour operator has merely
sub-contracted the supply of the service to the third-party. The tour operator
“may be liable if the service is performed without the exercise of due care
and skill on the part of the sub-contractor just as he would be liable if the
sub-contractor failed to provide the service or failed to provide it in
accordance with the terms of the contract” (Wong Mee Wan at 750).

(c) The court examines all the terms of the contract in totality, and the
relevant context, to arrive at a decision. As a result, each decision is
resolutely grounded in its own facts: Grant & Urbanowicz at 256.

170 The four authorities cited by the Plaintiffs may be contrasted to cases in
which the contractual documentation did contain an express statement which was
inconsistent with the relevant entity having undertaken to provide
transportation itself.

171 In Craven, the plaintiffs booked a tour to Colombia operated by the
defendant. In Colombia, the bus in which they were travelling overturned due
to the driver’s negligence, injuring the plaintiffs (at [2]–[3]). Under
Colombian law, the defendant had to arrange for transportation services
through an appointed government travel agent and was not allowed to deal
directly with local transportation companies (at [7]). The issue was whether
the defendant was liable for the bus driver’s negligence. The defendant’s
brochure, which formed part of the contract with the plaintiffs, contained a
clause which stated (at [6]):

The Strand Companies make arrangements with airlines, cruise lines, coach
companies, transfer operators, shore excursion operators, hotels, and other
independent parties, to provide you with the travel services and other
services you purchase. Although the Strand Companies take great care in
selecting these suppliers, the Strand Companies are unable and do not have any
control over them and therefore cannot be responsible for their acts or
omissions. The travel services and other services provided are subject to the
conditions imposed by these suppliers and their liability is limited by their
tariffs, conditions of carriage, tickets and vouchers and international
conventions and agreements.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

172 The court held that the defendant never undertook to perform the bus
transfers but merely to arrange for this service by a third party (at [19]).
Significantly, it reasoned that the explicit statement in the contract that
the defendant’s responsibility was to arrange with “independent parties” for
the provision of travel “cannot be interpreted as imposing a personal
obligation upon [the defendant] to perform those services” (at [21]). It went
on to say that the excerpted disclaimer in the defendant’s brochure was
“inconsistent with an agreement or an intent to assume any implied obligation
for the safety of the transportation” [emphasis added] (at [22]).

173 Craven was cited affirmatively by the Privy Council in Wong Mee Wan at 750
for the proposition set out at [155] above and was referred to in Victor Chea
at [12] for the same purpose. Craven has also been applied in subsequent
Canadian cases, including Bridges v Classic Sports Tours Ltd [2004] BCPC 366
(“Bridges”) and Garofoli and another v Air Canada Vacations [2012] ONSC 4698.

174 In Bridges, the plaintiff claimed damages for breach of a golf holiday
contract which he entered into with the defendant. The defendant’s brochure
stated that the package price included air fares (at [2]). However, the flight
on which the plaintiff was booked on was grounded and he had to rebook his
flight through other carriers (at [4] and [5]).

175 The express terms of the contract printed on the brochure included the
following clause (at [11]):

Responsibility and Waiver:

Pertaining to Classic Sports Tours Ltd. and Pro Team Classic, the passenger
waives and releases Classic Sports Tours Ltd. and Pro Team Classic from any
loss, damage, expense, cost or injury, from any clause (sic) except the gross
negligence or wilful misconduct of Classic Sports Tours Ltd., incurred by the
passenger on any part of the tour. Classic Sports Tours Ltd. shall not be
responsible for any actions or inactions of its contracted suppliers. Classic
Sports Tours reserves the right to cancel, or modify in its sole discretion
any part of the tour and will, when it reasonably can do so, give notice to
the passenger of any material change in the tour. In the event that the tour
is cancelled, Classic Sports Tours Ltd. will repay to all passengers pro rata
all monies returned to Classic Sports Tours Ltd. by contracted suppliers in
respect of the cancelled tour Classic Sports Tours Ltd. reserves the right to
charge for increases in land or air costs that arise due to currency
fluctuations or airfare increases that occur between tariffs in effect as of
January 31, 2001 and the final payment of the tour cost.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

176 The court held that the aforementioned “limiting clause” in the brochure
supported the interpretation that the defendant “did not assume liability if
the contractor defaulted in the provision of the goods and services”. The
defendant had agreed to “put together a holiday package for golf enthusiasts
by contracting as their agent with various suppliers. It is likely that the
defendant charged for this service which was incorporated in the price of the
package” [emphasis added] (at [15]). In this case, it was indeed one of the
defendant’s contracted suppliers, Canada 3000 (ie, the airline which was
grounded), which failed to provide transportation to Mexico. However, the
court held that the defendant had fulfilled its obligation to “retain a
competent carrier and is not responsible under contract law for the loss
caused to the Claimant due to the grounding of Canada 3000 airplanes” (at
[17]). The court expressly noted that its analysis was supported by Craven (at
[16]).

177 In light of the foregoing authorities, the question is whether, on a
contextual interpretation of the Contracts, Grassland merely undertook to
exercise due care in selecting a competent carrier, and not to provide the
transportation itself.

(2) The Contracts between the Plaintiffs and Grassland

178 To recapitulate, Grassland relies on cl 19 of the Booking Form Terms and
Conditions to prove that it was the Plaintiffs’ “booking agent” and is
therefore not liable for Chuah’s negligent driving. However, I have found that
cl 19 is unenforceable under s 3(2)(b)(i) of the UCTA. I will therefore
examine the remaining terms in the Contracts to ascertain the nature of
Grassland’s contractual undertaking.

179 The contextual approach to contractual interpretation proceeds in two
broad steps (Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 (“Yap Son On”) at
[28]):

(a) The first step requires consideration of whether the extrinsic evidence
sought to be adduced in aid of interpretation is admissible. This is a matter
governed by the procedural rules of the law of evidence, which governs what
and how facts may be proved.

(b) The second step is the task of interpretation itself, which involves
ascertaining the meaning of expressions used in a contract, taking into
account the admissible evidence. The rules which govern this process may be
found in the substantive law of contract.

180 The following principles summarised by the Court of Appeal in Y.E.S. F&B
Group Pte Ltd v Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup
Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 and re-iterated by the
Court of Appeal in Yap Son On at [30] are also relevant:

In gist, the purpose of interpretation is to give effect to the objectively
ascertained expressed intentions of the contracting parties as it emerges from
the contextual meaning of the relevant contractual language. Embedded within
this statement are certain key principles: (a) first, in general both the text
and context must be considered (at [2]); (b) second, it is the objectively
ascertained intentions of the parties that is relevant, not their subjective
intentions (at [33]); and (c) third, the object of interpretation is the
verbal expressions used by the parties and so, the text of their agreement is
of first importance (at [32]).

(A) Admissible extrinsic evidence

181 I turn now to the first step in contextual contractual interpretation.
Under s 94(f) of the Evidence Act, extrinsic evidence of the surrounding
circumstances accompanying the conclusion of a contract may be admitted, even
in the absence of any ambiguity, to aid in the exercise of the interpretation
(as distinguished from the contradiction, variation, addition or subtraction)
of the expressions used by the parties (see Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029
(“Zurich Insurance”) at [132(c)], cited in Yap Son On at [41]). However, the
general admissibility of extrinsic evidence is subject to several restrictions
which may be found in the Evidence Act and the common law (see Sembcorp Marine
Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193
(“Sembcorp”) at [38] and [65(b)]), cited in Yap Son On at [42]). In the main,
these are:

(a) The pleading requirements set out at [73] of Sembcorp, which require the
nature, particulars, and effect of the extrinsic evidence sought to be used to
be pleaded with specificity.

(b) The exclusionary provisions of the Evidence Act, chiefly those found at ss
95 and 96, which act as an absolute bar to the admissibility of extrinsic
evidence in certain cases (see Sembcorp at [65(c)])

(c) The continued bar against the admissibility of parol evidence of the
drafters’ subjective intentions at the time of the conclusion of the contract
outside situations in which there is latent ambiguity (see Sembcorp at [59]
and [65(d)]).

(d) The general requirement that the extrinsic evidence sought to be admitted
must be relevant, reasonably available to all the contracting parties, and
relate to a clear or obvious context (see Zurich Insurance at [132(d)]).

182 With these principles in mind, I now consider each piece of extrinsic
evidence sought to be admitted.

183 First, the Plaintiffs argue that the design of the entrances of GET’s Boon
Lay Office and GE’s Golden Mile Office supports the contention that Grassland
undertook to provide the transport service. They argue that this is because
there was no reference to Zenwan on the entrances to both offices. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(b).

Instead, they say that the entrance of the Boon Lay Office had GET’s name and
Grassland’s logo “printed on the front of the office in a large font” while
the entrance of the Golden Mile Office had GE’s name and the Grassland logo
similarly displayed. Although this extrinsic evidence would strengthen the
Plaintiffs’ case (see [136] above), I cannot take it into account for the
purpose of contractual interpretation because the pleading requirements laid
down in Sembcorp are not met.

184 The Court of Appeal in Sembcorp at [73] outlined four requirements of
civil procedure which must be satisfied by parties seeking to rely on
extrinsic evidence for the purpose of contractual interpretation:

(a) first, parties who contend that the factual matrix is relevant to the
construction of the contract must plead with specificity each fact of the
factual matrix that they wish to rely on in support of their construction of
the contract;

(b) second, the factual circumstances in which the facts in (a) were known to
both or all the relevant parties must also be pleaded with sufficient
particularity;

(c) third, parties should in their pleadings specify the effect which such
facts will have on their contended construction; and

(d) fourth, the obligation of parties to disclose evidence would be limited by
the extent to which the evidence are relevant to the facts pleaded in (a) and
(b).

185 The requirements in (a) and (c) are not met in this case. In respect of
the requirement in (a), the Plaintiffs’ pleadings in both actions, comprising
a Statement of Claim and Reply, do not make averments as to the design of the
office entrances and no mention is made of Zenwan. Naturally, in respect of
the requirement in (c), there is also no explanation as to the effect of such
facts on the Plaintiffs’ contended construction of the Contracts.

186 In general, extrinsic evidence which is placed before the court in a
manner that is not consistent with the above requirements will not be accorded
any weight when a court is construing a contract: Sembcorp at [74]. The Court
of Appeal in Yap Son On summarised three key benefits which accrue from
adherence to the pleading requirements set out in Sembcorp at [73]: (a) it
reduces the practical burdens of litigation; (b) it ensures procedural
fairness and substantive justice; and (c) it allows matters to proceed more
expeditiously (at [49]). For present purposes, the second benefit – procedural
and substantive justice – assumes particular importance. As the Plaintiffs
failed to plead their reliance on the design of the office entrances,
Grassland was not given a fair opportunity to adduce countervailing evidence.
In theory, this could have included promotional material (other than the
Poster) displayed in the offices which mention Zenwan or other third-party
transport suppliers. Grassland may also have led evidence as to the location
in which the Poster was displayed in the Boon Lay Office and Golden Mile
Office and its size so as to shed light on how prominent it was to customers.

187 In this light, I am not prepared to admit the evidence relating to the
appearance of the entrances of the Boon Lay Office and Golden Mile Office for
the purpose of interpreting the Contracts.

188 Second, I am also not minded to admit evidence of the get-up of the Bus
under s 94(f) of the Evidence Act. The Plaintiffs rely on this evidence to
establish that Zenwan’s involvement was not brought to their attention (see
[108] above). I regard this as evidence of subsequent conduct as there is no
proof that Grassland knew, at the time the Contracts were entered into, that
Zenwan would be using a bus with a particular design.

189 The Court of Appeal in Zurich Insurance at [132(d)] stated that there
“should be no absolute or rigid prohibition against evidence of … subsequent
conduct, although, in the normal case, such evidence is likely to be
inadmissible …”. The Court of Appeal subsequently confirmed in MCH
International Pte Ltd and others v YG Group Pte Ltd and others and other
appeals [2019] 2 SLR 837 (“MCH International”) at [20] that it has not
expressed a definitive view as to the admissibility of parties’ subsequent
conduct for contractual interpretation. Nevertheless, in MCH International at
[18]–[19], the court identified some “provisional parameters” [emphasis in
original in bold italics] for when evidence of subsequent conduct is
admissible. Namely, the court must bear the following criteria in mind:

(a) the subsequent conduct must be relevant, reasonably available to all the
contracting parties, and relate to a clear and obvious context;

(b) the principle of objectively ascertaining contractual intention(s) remains
paramount; and accordingly,

(c) the subsequent conduct must always go toward proof of what the parties,
from an objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed upon.

190 In this case, the evidence of the Bus’s exterior does not relate to a
clear and obvious context. Evidence relates to a clear or obvious context if
it would “allow the court to objectively ascertain a clearly defined or
definable intention held by both parties with respect to how the contractual
term in question should be interpreted” (see Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd
v Lui Andrew Stewart [2012] 4 SLR 308 at [43]).

191 In my judgment, it is fatal that the evidence adduced does not even prove
that the Bus did not feature any words or logos referencing Zenwan. All of the
Plaintiffs’ AEICs, in both suits, contain the same stock paragraph stating
that Grassland’s name, logo and website were painted on various parts of the
Bus’s exterior: 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 34 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 12);
Barvathi’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 34 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at pp 77–78);
Priyatharsini’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 34 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 134);
Navindran s/o Manokaran’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 September
2019 in Suit 1044 of 2018 (“Navindran’s Sep 2019 AEIC”) at para 25 (PBAEIC
1044 (Grassland) at p 183); Wee’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 33 (PBAEIC 1307
(Grassland) at p 11); Xie Lianzhu @ Ye Lianzhu’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief dated 16 September 2019 in Suit 1307 of 2018 at para 20 (PBAEIC 1307
(Grassland) at p 74).

I noticed that the word ‘Grassland’ was printed on the left side of the Bus,
in between the two (2) doors of the Bus, in large letters. I also noticed that
the word ‘Grassland’ was printed on the back of the Bus in large letters.
Grassland’s website, i.e. ‘www.grassland.com.sg’ and Grassland’s logo, i.e.
the image of a running horse, were also printed on the back of the Bus. I thus
believed and was given the impression that [I was] travelling on a Grassland
bus, operated and managed by [Grassland], from Genting to Singapore. I also
believed, and was also given the impression that the driver of the bus, i.e.
[Chuah], was the servant, agent and/or employee of [Grassland].

[emphasis in original in underline]

192 The foregoing paragraph, however, conspicuously does not deny that
Zenwan’s name, logo, or contact information were also displayed on the Bus’s
exterior.

193 Moreover, in Suit 1307, what is of additional significance is GE’s
evidence that the “buses … booked through Grassland and operated by Zenwan
have paintwork that set out Zenwan’s name/logo as well as Grassland’s
name/logo and other ticketing agents that use Zenwan’s buses.” 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

TBH’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at para 17 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 113).

The photograph of one of Zenwan’s buses exhibited by GE also depicts both
Zenwan and Grassland’s names painted on the Bus’s exterior. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

TBH’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at p 102 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 210).

GE’s evidence was given by Tan Boon Huat, the director of GE. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

TBH’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at para 1 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 109).

Tan Boon Huat’s cross-examination was not completed because he was
hospitalised and Grassland instructed its counsel to close its case
notwithstanding. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE, 25 November 2020, p 1:17–20.

The Plaintiffs therefore urge me to disregard his evidence entirely in Suit
1307 as they claim to have suffered prejudice. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 14.

However, because (a) I am not finding as a fact that the Bus also displayed
Zenwan’s name on its exterior and (b) the prejudice described by the
Plaintiffs pertains to their inability to question Tan Boon Huat on the
reasonableness of cll 18 and 19 of the Booking Form Terms and Conditions, and
not the get-up of the Bus, I am prepared to consider his evidence in relation
to the get-up of the Bus. I find that his evidence in this regard casts doubt
on whether only Grassland’s name was painted on the Bus’s exterior.

194 Further in Suit 1044, when questioned whether Zenwan’s name was painted on
the Bus, Navindran did not deny this as a fact. He merely stated that he did
not notice Zenwan’s name, and that Zenwan’s name was not noticeable. For ease
of reference, the relevant portion of Navindran’s testimony under cross-
examination is as follows: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE, 12 December 2019, pp 64:25–65:1.

Court: Did the bus not state Zenwan?

Witness: No, I didn’t notice, Your Honour.

Court: You did not notice?

Witness: I didn’t notice, Your Honour. But the Grassland logo was very big.

Court: And---

Witness: You know---

Court: ---the Zenwan was not noticeable at all?

Witness: Not noticeable, Your Honour.

In this light, I am not satisfied that Zenwan’s name was not painted on the
Bus’s exterior. This is even though Tan Boon Huat’s AEIC was not admitted in
Suit 1044 as he was not called by GET as a witness.

195 Accordingly, I cannot, from the foregoing evidence, objectively ascertain
a clearly defined or definable intention by Grassland to undertake
responsibility for the provision of the transport service. I decline to admit
such extrinsic evidence for the purpose of interpreting the Contract as it
does not relate to a clear and obvious context.

196 Third, Grassland’s evidence that the Plaintiffs were issued “Zenwan
tickets” when boarding the bus bound for Genting Highlands is inadmissible.
164

##### Foot Note 164

×

3DCS 1044 at para 27; 3DCS 1307 at para 26.

Presumably, Grassland relies on this extrinsic evidence of subsequent conduct
(as the Contract was formed before this) to show that Zenwan is the true
transport provider. However, this evidence does not relate to a clear and
obvious context.

197 For one, Grassland’s evidence that the Zenwan tickets were issued to the
Plaintiffs is, with respect, speculative.

198 In Suit 1044, Lye’s AEIC alleges that after a passenger presents his or
her Booking Form to Zenwan’s driver to board the bus departing from Singapore,
the driver will issue Zenwan’s tickets to the passengers on the bus. She
states that the Zenwan ticket shows that Zenwan is the supplier and that
Grassland is their “Singapore Contact”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Lye’s AEIC at para 19 (3DBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 4).

Although she professed to have personal knowledge that the Zenwan tickets were
handed over to the Plaintiffs, I reject this contention. She revealed that the
basis of her “personal knowledge” is that it is “part of [Zenwan’s] procedure”
to issue their own tickets so that passengers may board the bus. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE, 12 December 2019, p 78:12–28.

For obvious reasons, it is a leap of logic to say that Zenwan’s tickets were
actually issued to the Manokarans.

199 In Suit 1307, Xing Lina’s AEIC similarly alleges that at the time of
boarding, “[t]he driver will … issue Zenwan’s tickets to the passengers on the
bus. The Zenwan’s tickets clearly show amongst other things, that Zenwan is
the supplier, [and] that Grassland is their ‘Singapore contact’ …”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Xing Lina’s AEIC at para 19 (3DBAEIC 1307 (Grassland) at pp 4–5).

Tan Boon Huat refers to Xing Lina’s AEIC for the “process of the issuance of
the bus tickets by Zenwan”. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

TBH’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at para 25 (PBAEIC 1307 (Grassland) at p 115).

However, Xing Lina admitted under cross-examination that she had no personal
knowledge of whether the Zenwan tickets were issued to the Wees because on the
day on which the Wees departed from Singapore, she “wasn’t the one who handled
the departure matters”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE, 11 December 2019, p 53:8–11.

Even Abdul Ghani’s evidence that the driver had, before departing from
Singapore or Genting Highlands, issued Zenwan’s tickets to the Plaintiffs is
based on what the driver had told him and Zenwan’s standard operating
procedure. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE, 12 December 2019, p 18:9–24.

The former portion is inadmissible hearsay while the latter is, as stated in
the preceding paragraph, speculative. Abdul Ghani even admits that the best
person to testify as to whether Zenwan’s tickets were issued is Chuah. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE, 12 December 2019, p 18:25–30.

I, however, do not have the benefit of Chuah’s evidence.

200 Further, the fact that Grassland disclosed both halves of the Zenwan
tickets casts doubt on the allegation that one half was issued to the
Plaintiffs. This is because Abdul Ghani’s evidence, in Suit 1307, is that
Zenwan’s practice is to tear each ticket along the perforated line, and to
retain one half while giving the other half to the passenger. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE, 12 December 2019, pp 14:19–24, 17:2–12.

Each half of the Zenwan ticket is a carbon copy of the other, and reflects
details including the bus number, departure date and time and assigned seat
number. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

3rd Defendant’s Bundle of Documents dated 3 December 2019 (“3DBD”) at pp 3–6.

Xing Lina, in Suit 1307, also conceded that it “[s]hould be” the case that the
bus driver retains one portion of the Zenwan ticket while the other is handed
over to the passenger. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE, 11 December 2019, p 64:27–32.

Therefore, that Grassland was able to produce both halves of the Zenwan
tickets raises immediate questions as to whether one half was presented to the
Plaintiffs.

201 The portions of Abdul Ghani and Xing Lina’s evidence canvassed in [200]
are, strictly, adduced in Suit 1307 only. Similarly, for the reasons at [198],
Grassland has not proved that Zenwan’s tickets were issued to the Plaintiffs
in Suit 1044 either. As a result, I am unable to objectively ascertain a
clearly defined or definable intention by Grassland to act merely as an agent
for Zenwan or a booking agent for the Plaintiffs. I hence decline to admit
this extrinsic evidence to aid the construction of the Contracts.

202 While the following piece of extrinsic evidence was not specifically
raised by Grassland, it warrants brief attention as it is part of the backdrop
to the Contracts. Namely it appears to me that Grassland does not control the
day-to-day operations of at least some of its third-party suppliers. Zenwan is
obviously one such supplier. From Abdul Ghani’s evidence, I surmise that it is
Zenwan who controlled the delivery of the bus transportation. Abdul Ghani’s 24
Sep AEIC states that Grassland sold seats to passengers “on buses owned and
operated by Zenwan” [emphasis added]. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044) at para 6 (3DBAEIC 1044 at p 15); Abdul
Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at para 6 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 15).

The drivers of Zenwan’s buses were employed by Zenwan, as well as “[a]ll
personnel [like] managers, [and] coordinators”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044) at para 7 (3DBAEIC 1044 at p 16); Abdul
Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at para 7 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 15).

The LTA licence defining the approved pick-up and set-down points in Singapore
and Malaysia is also conferred on Zenwan. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Abdul Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1044) at p 51 (3DBAEIC 1044 at p 64); Abdul
Ghani’s Sep 2019 AEIC (1307) at p 58 (3DBAEIC 1307 at p 71).

This could be a factor weighing against the conclusion that Grassland
undertook to provide the transportation service itself.

203 However, I decline to admit the foregoing evidence under s 94(f) for two
reasons. First, the second pleading requirement formulated in Sembcorp
requires that “the factual circumstances in which the [facts sought to be
relied on] were known to both or all the relevant parties must also be pleaded
with sufficient particularity” [emphasis added] (Sembcorp at [73(b)]). While
Grassland’s Defence in both actions does allege that the Bus and Chuah were
owned and employed respectively by Zenwan, there is no evidence that the
Plaintiffs knew this at the time the Contracts were formed. Neither did
Grassland plead that this was so. Second, Grassland has not, in its Defence,
specified the effect which such facts have on its contended construction of
the Contracts. Grassland’s control (or lack thereof) over Zenwan is hence
inadmissible for the purpose of construing the Contracts.

(B) Interpretation in light of the admissible extrinsic evidence

204 I now commence the task of interpretation itself. Given my conclusions in
the preceding sub-section, I am unassisted by any admissible extrinsic
evidence, subject to one observation I make at [218] below.

205 First, since cl 19 is unenforceable, there is no express statement in the
Contracts that Grassland was acting as a mere agent for the Plaintiffs. I
note, however, that cl 18(i), states that the Company shall not be liable for
“[a]ny cause beyond the reasonable control of [Grassland], the Travel Services
and/or its principal(s)”. Clause 18(j) also states that Grassland shall not be
liable for “[a]ny cancellation or alteration of the tour itinerary, hotel
accommodation or tour services as a result of any of the aforementioned event
or as a result of any decision, act or omission of the Company principal(s),
their agents and servants or any of them.” However, I do not regard cll 18(i)
and 18(j) as an undertaking by Grassland to act merely as an agent for the
Plaintiffs or third-party suppliers. In fact, cl 18(i) specifically
contemplates Grassland contracting as a principal, while recognising that it
may act for a third-party principal in certain transactions. In this vein, the
natural reading of cl 18(j) is that it simply elaborates on Grassland’s
exclusion of liability in the situation where Grassland is not itself the
principal to the contract with its customer. However, none of this amounts to
an undertaking that Grassland acts purely in the capacity of an agent in all
of its dealings.

206 Immediately, this distinguishes the Contracts from those in Craven and
Bridges. The contractual documents in those cases had express language which
confined the defendant’s role to arranging for transportation by independent
suppliers or that excluded the defendant’s responsibility for the conduct of
its suppliers. In contrast, there is no similar language in the Contracts
which precludes Grassland from undertaking to supply the transportation
service itself.

207 Second, from the front page of the Booking Forms, a reasonable reader
would obtain the impression that Grassland was supplying the coach
transportation itself. My reasons are as follows.

208 For one, the visual impact of the front page of the Booking Form is that
there are no third parties involved in providing the bus transportation under
the Contracts. In the header of the Manokarans’ Booking Form, only GET’s name
and Grassland’s logo (ie, an image of a running horse) are featured. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PBD 1044 (Grassland) at p 4.

GET’s contact details, including the address of the Boon Lay Branch and
Grassland’s website, are provided. Similarly, in the header of the Wees’
Booking Form, only GE’s name and Grassland’s logo are printed. Contact details
like the address of the Golden Mile Office and Grassland’s website are also
stated. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PBD 1307 (Grassland) at p 3.

There is, conspicuously, no mention of third-party bus companies like Zenwan
in the header, and, for that matter, any other part of the Booking Forms.

209 Next, the language on the front page of the Booking Form is consistent
with Grassland being the transport supplier. This is because Grassland is
objectively seen to have a high degree of control over the deployment of buses
and passengers’ seating on the buses. Under “Remark:” at the top half of the
front page, it is stated:

1) There are no Toilet [sic] in 35 seater Super-VIP coach.

2) Super-VIP can either be a Single Decker 26 seater Or a Double Deck 35
seater coach.

3) If change to Double Decker coach, Seat No. subject to change without prior
notice.

These “remarks” suggest that Grassland could determine the type of bus which
the Plaintiffs would be carried on (ie, single decker or double decker) and
passengers’ seat numbers thereon. Absent the mention of third-party suppliers,
the likely impression is that Grassland operated these buses.

210 The information provided on the front of the Booking Form also suggests
that it was a bus ticket issued by Grassland. The Booking Form is described as
a “Two Way Tkt”. The seat numbers, type of bus on each leg of the two-way trip
(eg, Super VIP-D/366) 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

PBD 1307 (Grassland) at p 3.

and relevant dates, times, pickup and alighting points pertaining to the
journey are also stipulated. What is of particular significance is that the
prescribed pickup location for the Manokarans and Wees on their Booking Forms
was the Boon Lay Office and the Golden Mile Office respectively. Put another
way, a reasonable reader would infer that he is reporting to Grassland on the
departure date to board the bus bound for Genting Highlands. There is also a
confirmation of “FULL PAYMENT” on the Booking Form to reflect, I presume, that
Manokaran and Wee had handed Grassland’s representatives the necessary
payment. Allied to this last-mentioned point is cl 16 of the Booking Form
Terms and Conditions, which states that the “price paid to [Grassland] is
solely for the ticket and does not include any other costs” 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

PBD 1044 (Grassland) at p 5; PBD 1307 (Grassland) at p 4.

[emphasis added]. Viewing this information in the round, a reasonable reader
would understand Grassland to be issuing a ticket for bus transportation which
it is providing.

211 Third, the Booking Form Terms and Conditions fortify, from an objective
standpoint, the sense that Grassland is the bus transport supplier. These
terms are consistent with Grassland having undertaken to provide the
transportation itself.

212 To begin with, I agree with the Plaintiffs that the following terms are
inconsistent with Grassland being a mere booking agent. Clauses 7 and 11 state
that “two-way coach tickets” and “[a]ll tickets / receipts / vouchers” will
become invalid if the passenger is deported or refused entry by immigration or
if the passenger fails to check in half an hour before departure respectively.
However, if Grassland was not the carrier, but a true agent for the Plaintiffs
(or Zenwan), the contract of carriage would exist between the Plaintiffs and
Zenwan. In this counterfactual, I fail to see how Grassland would have a right
to declare the tickets issued by Zenwan invalid. That the Booking Form Terms
and Conditions set out rules of invalidity adds to the objective impression
that the Booking Form is a ticket issued by Grassland.

213 Clause 6, however, does not objectively point to Grassland being the
carrier. Limb (b) states that no refund shall be provided if a passenger is
refused entry into Malaysia or Singapore. Even if it was a mere booking agent,
it is understandable if Grassland had inserted this term out of the abundance
of caution to pre-empt claims by dissatisfied customers.

214 I am also careful not to place too much weight on cl 12, which allows
Grassland to replace the “Super-VIP Coach” with other types of coaches in the
event of a breakdown. The PC in Wong Mee Wan appears to have suggested that
the first defendant (ie, the tour operator) having the right to “change the
means of transport provided for in the itinerary” was a factor weighing in
favour of the first defendant undertaking to provide transportation services
(at 754). However, Andrew Phang (as he then was before his elevation to the
bench) in “On the Liability of Travel Agents: Construction, Implied Terms and
Vicarious Performance” (1996) 11(1) Denning L.J. 91 (“Phang’s Article”) at
94–95 opined that this last-mentioned factor in Wong Mee Wan “does not …
necessarily entail the full assumption of responsibility the Board attributed
to the first defendant”. I agree. Even if Grassland was a mere booking agent,
it would be in its commercial interests to take steps to ensure that its
customers are not stranded en route to their final destination, or denied
transportation in toto on account of a faulty bus.

215 Nonetheless, in addition to cll 7 and 11, the Booking Form Terms and
Conditions depict Grassland as exercising control over the operation of the
buses and the use of tickets. For instance, Grassland prohibits the
transferability of tickets (cl 2) and re-arranging of seats (cl 13), limits
each passenger to 10 kg of carry-on luggage (cl 10), requires passengers to
fasten their safety belts once on the highway (cl 1) and confines the use of
the bus toilet (if any) to urinating only (cl 14). In my judgment, these are
operational decisions connected to the journey on the bus which a reasonable
reader would expect the party providing the transportation service to
determine, rather than a booking agent.

216 Further, the following clauses suggest that Grassland is assuming
responsibility for the provision of the transportation service. Clause 9(a),
for instance, states that Grassland “shall not be liable for any loss or
damage to the passenger’s personal belongings and luggage (kept in the luggage
compartment of the coach) during the entire journey” [emphasis added]. Clause
18(d) excludes liability for “[t]raffic congestion, vehicle breakdown,
obstruction of any public / private road or highway”. I accept, however, that
when these clauses are read in isolation, they are not unambiguous assumptions
of responsibility to provide a transport service. Even a booking agent may
contract on the basis of such clauses out of caution. As Lord Hoffman noted in
Beaufort Developments (N.I.) Ltd v Gilbert-Ash N.I. Ltd [1999] 1 AC 266 at
274, “[t]he fact is that even in legal documents (or, some might say,
especially in legal documents) people often use superfluous words. Sometimes
the draftsmanship is clumsy; more often the cause is a lawyer's desire to be
certain that every conceivable point has been covered.” However, when cll 9(a)
and 18(d) are read in the context of the entire Booking Form, I am satisfied
they reinforce a reasonable reader’s understanding that Grassland undertook
responsibility to provide transportation and was simply attempting to exclude
its liability in certain respects through, among other clauses, cll 9(a) and
18(d).

217 As such, while cll 18(i) and (j) show that Grassland does not always act
as a principal, the information provided on the front of the Booking Form, and
the clauses which portray Grassland as exercising close control over the
operation of the bus (see [215] above) weigh more strongly in favour of
showing that Grassland undertook to provide the bus transportation itself
under these specific Contracts.

218 In sum, on an objective reading of the Contracts, Grassland undertook to
transport the Plaintiffs from Singapore to Genting Highlands, and back, by
bus. As intimated at [204] above, there is a final piece of extrinsic
evidence, whose admissibility I have not yet determined. The Plaintiffs rely
on this evidence to show that they were not informed by Xing Lina or Lye that
they would be travelling on a bus that was not owned by Grassland at the time
they had entered into the Contracts. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 151(d).

Part of this evidence is Xing Lina’s testimony that she would not tell
passengers that they would be travelling on Zenwan buses unless she was asked.
183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE, 11 December 2019, p 57: 19–23.

The remainder of the evidence is the Plaintiffs’ affidavit evidence. However,
insofar as all of this is evidence of pre-contractual negotiations, whether it
is admissible remains an open question: Xia Zhengyan v Geng Changqing v Geng
Changqing [2015] 3 SLR 732 at [62]; Sembcorp at [75]. In the absence of full
submissions, I do not consider this to be the appropriate occasion to grapple
with this difficult question. In any case, even if the foregoing evidence is
admissible, it will reinforce, and not change, my decision.

Whether there was a breach of the Contracts

Implied term in fact or law?

219 There is no express term in the Contracts obliging Grassland to exercise
reasonable care in the provision of the transportation service. The Plaintiffs
submit that it should be an implied term that they would be ferried to and
from Genting with “due care and skill and in a reasonably safe manner”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 121.

For reference, the Plaintiffs pleaded this implied term (without specifying
whether it is an implied term in fact or law) as follows: “That [Grassland]
including its agents, servants and/or employees would use reasonable care and
skill in planning, managing and/or carrying out the transport services
provided to the Plaintiffs, throughout the Journey, to ensure a safe Journey
for the Plaintiffs.” 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

SOC 1044 at para 28(b) (PSDB 1044 (Grassland) at p 12; SOC 1307 at para 28(b)
(PSDB 1307 (Grassland) at p 12).

They submit that this term should be implied in fact under the three-step
process laid down in Sembcorp at [101]: 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

PCS (Grassland) at paras 122–128.

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

220 Under step (a), the Court of Appeal in Sembcorp at [94] clarified that if
the gap arose in other ways, it would not be appropriate for the court to
consider if it will imply a term. These “other ways” include where the parties
contemplated the issue but chose not to: (a) provide a term for it because
they mistakenly thought that the express terms of the contract had adequately
addressed it; or (b) provide any term for it because they could not agree on a
solution.

221 In the present case, the Plaintiffs submit that there is a gap in the
Contracts insofar as they do not deal with “the liability and compensation of
damages” in the event an accident occurs and the Plaintiffs sustain personal
injuries, as in the present case. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

PCS (Grassland) at para 127(a).

222 However, I am not prepared to find that both parties failed to contemplate
the issue of Grassland’s liability for failure to provide the transportation
service with reasonable care. In their submissions, the Plaintiffs have not
directed me to evidence that Grassland failed to contemplate this issue. In
fact, in my judgment, cl 19, while unenforceable for the purpose of
demonstrating that Grassland was merely an agent, prevents a true gap from
arising. It is likely that Grassland contemplated (albeit erroneously) that cl
19 would prevent it from assuming any duty to provide the transportation
service, including to provide such service with reasonable care. I regard this
as an instance where the drafter of the contract mistakenly thought that the
express terms of the contract adequately addressed the issue. My finding in
this regard is reinforced by cl 18, which attempts to exclude Grassland’s
liability for, among other things, “accidents”. Although, whether cl 18 is
enforceable for the purpose of excluding liability for negligence is a matter
I return to later at [234] below.

223 As I am unable to imply a term in fact, although the following was not
argued by the Plaintiffs, I now consider whether it is appropriate to imply
the following term in law: if a tour operator or an entity selling tours
and/or tickets (“Retailer”) undertakes to supply a service, it is
contractually obliged to provide such service with reasonable care (“the
Implied Term in Law”).

224 The Court of Appeal in Chua Choon Cheng and Others v Allgreen Properties
Ltd and another appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 724 (“Chua Choon Cheng”) summarised the
principles on implied terms in law as follows:

68 The ‘implied term in law’ is a peculiar feature of contract law, in that
the law is concerned with considerations of fairness and policy rather than
the intentions of the parties per se: see Halsbury’s Laws of England, vol 9(1)
(Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1998) (‘Halsbury’s Laws of England’) at para
778; [Chitty on Contracts, vol 1 (Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed,
2008) (‘Chitty on Contracts’)] at para 13-003. In Scally v Southern Health and
Social Services Board [1992] 1 AC 294, Lord Bridge drew the distinction
between an implied term in fact and in law in the following manner (at 307):

A clear distinction is drawn … between the search for an implied term
necessary to give business efficacy to a particular contract and the search,
based on wider considerations, for a term which the law will imply as a
necessary incident of a definable category of contractual relationship.
[emphasis added]

69 By implying a term in law, the court is laying down a general rule in law
that certain terms will be implied in all contracts of a defined type, unless
it is contrary to the express words of the agreement: Chitty on Contracts at
para 13-003. Indeed, some of the rules which the courts had previously implied
have later become codified in statutory form: see for example, ss 10–15A of
the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed). In short, the court is really
“deciding what should be the content of a paradigm contract … [and] is in
effect imposing on the parties a term which is most reasonable in the
circumstances”: Andrew Phang Boon Leong, Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law
of Contract (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 2001) at pp 263–264. However, this
does not mean that any reasonable term will be implied in a contract: see
Liverpool City Council v Irwin [1977] AC 239 at 262 (per Lord Salmon). Indeed,
a court should ordinarily exercise considerable restraint in implying a term
in law, given that such a term extends and applies to all future like cases,
rather than to the particular contract at hand and the immediate parties only
as in the case of terms implied in fact: see [Forefront Medical Technology
(Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927] at [44].

225 The test for whether a term should be implied in law is whether it is a
necessary incident of a definable category of contractual relationship: Scally
and others v Southern Health and Social Services Board and another [1992] 1 AC
294 (“Scally”) at 306–307. The test of necessity in this situation is based on
“wider considerations” than those for implied terms in fact (Scally at 307).

226 It is apposite to refer to the House of Lord’s decision in Liverpool City
Council v Irwin and another [1977] AC 239 (“Liverpool”). In that case, the
defendants were the tenants of a maisonette on the ninth floor of a 15-floor
tower block owned by the plaintiff. There was no formal tenancy agreement.
However, in a list of tenants’ obligations prepared by the landlord and signed
by the tenant, there were no express undertakings by the plaintiff (at
252–253). The lifts of the building were out of order, staircases unlit and
the general conditions were appalling as a result of, among other reasons,
vandalism. The defendants withheld payment of rent, alleging that the
plaintiff had breached certain implied terms of the tenancy agreement. The
plaintiff disputed the existence of such implied terms, but the House of Lords
rejected the plaintiff’s arguments.

227 Of particular interest is the court’s implication in law of a contractual
duty on the part of landlords to take reasonable care to maintain the stairs,
lifts and rubbish chutes, referred to as the “common parts” the building (at
254– 256).

228 Lord Wilberforce found that it was necessary to imply a duty on the
landlord to maintain the common parts of the building because these were (at
256):

… an essential means of access, retained in the landlord's occupation, to
units in a building of multi-occupation, for unless the obligation to maintain
is, in a defined manner, placed upon the tenants, individually or
collectively, the nature of the contract, and the circumstances, require that
it be placed on the landlord.

[emphasis added]

229 Lord Wilberforce added that to leave the landlord “free of contractual
obligation … and subject only to administrative or political pressure, is, …,
inconsistent totally with the nature of [a landlord-tenant] relationship” (at
254). In a similar vein, Lord Salmon reasoned that if the landlord did not
have a duty to at least use reasonable care to keep the lifts working properly
and the staircase lit, the whole transaction becomes “inefficacious, futile
and absurd” (at 262).

230 As regards the standard of this duty of maintenance, Lord Wilberforce went
on to clarify that the test of necessity only required the landlord to take
reasonable care to keep the common parts in reasonable repair and usability.
He explained as follows (at 256):

… the test of the existence of the term is necessity the standard must surely
not exceed what is necessary having regard to the circumstances. To imply an
absolute obligation to repair would go beyond what is a necessary legal
incident and would indeed be unreasonable. An obligation to take reasonable
care to keep in reasonable repair and usability is what fits the requirements
of the case. Such a definition involves - and I think rightly - recognition
that the tenants themselves have their responsibilities. What it is reasonable
to expect of a landlord has a clear relation to what a reasonable set of
tenants should do for themselves.

[emphasis added]

231 In my view, if a tour operator or Retailer contractually undertakes to
provide a particular service to its customers, it is indeed a necessary
incident of this relationship that the former parties are required to take
reasonable care in the provision of the service. It is wholly inconsistent
with such a relationship, where customers place a degree of trust in the tour
operator or Retailer to provide a service safely, often in a foreign land,
that the tour operator or Retailer is completely free from obligation to
exercise at least reasonable care.

232 I, like the House of Lords in Liverpool, also do not go so far as to
require the tour operator or Retailer to, in absolute terms, provide the
service safely. This would exceed what is necessary in the relationship.
However, I consider it absurd if the service provider is not subject to an
implied duty to at least take reasonable care in the performance of the
service. That would allow the tour operator or Retailer who has contractually
undertaken to provide the service to do so with wanton disregard for its
customers’ safety.

233 As such, I am satisfied that Grassland, having undertaken to provide the
bus transportation service under the Contracts, is subject to an implied term
in law to provide such service with reasonable care. I also find support for
such an implied term in law in the following commentaries. Phang, for
instance, argued that there is no real obstacle in recognising such an implied
term in law if one accepts the distinction between merely “arranging” and
“wholly undertaking” to provide a service. The distinction, I surmise, is that
the Implied Term in Law will only feature in the former type of undertaking:
Phang’s Article at 98–99. He notes, further, that Wong Mee Wan likely involved
an implied term in fact (and is therefore of little assistance here) (at 98).
Jack Beatson, Andrew Burrows & John Cartwright in Anson’s Law of Contract
(Oxford University Press, 29th Ed, 2010) at 154–155 also recognise the
existence of such an implied term in law.

234 I make three additional observations to place beyond doubt the
appropriateness of recognising the Implied Term in Law. First, in my view, the
Implied Term in Law does not contradict any of the express provisions of the
Contract. This is significant because an implied term in law applies to all
contracts of a defined type unless the implication of such a term would be
contrary to the express words of the agreement: Chua Choon Cheng at [69].
Clause 19, being unenforceable by virtue of s 3(2)(b)(i) of the UCTA for the
purpose of establishing that Grassland’s contractual undertaking was merely to
act as an agent for the Plaintiffs (ie, not to provide the transportation
service itself), does not prevent the Implied Term in Law from arising. Clause
18 is similarly unenforceable by virtue of s 2(1) of the UCTA for the purpose
of excluding Grassland’s liability for “death or personal injury resulting
from negligence”. As such, cll 18 and 19 do not bar the implication of the
Implied Term in Law in the Contracts. This outcome must be correct since I
loathe to think that a party is able to avoid liability for breach of terms
implied in law by the simple expedient of planting unenforceable clauses in
the contract.

235 Second, while the Plaintiffs did not specifically plead an implied term in
law, this does not prevent me from recognising one: Jet Holding Ltd and others
v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2006] 3
SLR(R) 769 at [93].

236 Finally, as explained at [90] above, the fact that Grassland sub-
contracted the transportation service to Zenwan does not absolve Grassland
from its contractual undertakings to the Plaintiffs. Therefore, even though it
was Chuah who drove the Bus negligently, Grassland still breached the Implied
Term in Law.

Whether the plaintiffs, other than Wee and Manokaran, were privy to the
Contracts?

237 Grassland finally submits that the Plaintiffs who did not sign the
Contracts are not privy to the Contracts and therefore have no legal basis to
recover damages under the Contracts. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

3DCS 1044 at paras 51–52; 3DCS 1307 at paras 50–51.

238 In response, the Plaintiffs submit that Grassland is precluded from
running this defence. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Plaintiffs’ in HC/S 1044/2018 & HC/S 1307/2018 Joint Reply Submissions in
respect of the Trial on Liability against the 3rd Defendants in HC/S 1044/2018
& HC/S 1307/2018 dated 3 February 2021 (“PRS (Grassland)”) at paras 4 and 6.

They argue that the first time that Grassland raised this issue was in its
Joint Opening Statement dated 3 December 2019. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Joint Opening Statement by 3rd Defendant for HC/S 1044/2018 and HC/S 1307/2018
dated 3 December 2019 at paras 5, 7, 10, 19, 21, 23 and 25.

They claim to have suffered irreparable prejudice as they were not given the
opportunity to plead matters relating to the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed) in their Replies or to adduce evidence on
this issue. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

PRS (Grassland) at para 6.

239 The Court of Appeal in V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of
Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another
[2015] 5 SLR 1422 (“V Nithia”) at [38] set out the general rule that “parties
are bound by their pleadings and the court is precluded from deciding on a
matter that the parties themselves have decided not to put into issue.”
However, it also noted that procedure is not an end in itself, but a means to
the end of attaining a fair trial (at [39]). In this light, the court
recognised that the general rule may be departed from in limited circumstances
where “no prejudice is caused to the other party in the trial or where it
would be clearly unjust for the court not to do so” (at [40]). The court also
added that “cases where it is clear that no prejudice will be caused by the
reliance on an unpleaded cause of action or issue that has not been examined
at the trial are likely to be uncommon” [emphasis added] (at [41]).

240 In light of the guidance in V Nithia, I agree with the Plaintiffs that
Grassland is precluded from advancing the defence relating to privity.

241 I accept that the Plaintiffs are prejudiced by their lack of reasonable
opportunity to plead matters and lead evidence to counter the allegation that
the non-signatory Plaintiffs were not privy to the Contracts. Importantly,
neither Booking Form names the Plaintiffs other than Wee or Manokaran. The
circumstances surrounding the signing of the Booking Forms would have been
significant in determining who Grassland had an intention to enter into legal
relations with.

242 However, the Plaintiffs did not have a proper opportunity to lead evidence
in this regard. For instance, in respect of Xie, it is argued that her
involvement in the transaction is evidenced by the fact that Wee handed her
passport to Grassland’s staff. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

PRS (Grassland) at para 29; NE, 11 December 2019, p 14:27–31.

Fuller details on what was communicated to Grassland’s representatives in the
course of that exchange is lacking. The same can be said about the Manokarans’
case. While they state in their AEICs, in general terms, that Manokaran had
spoken “to a member of [Grassland’s] staff … about booking bus tickets for
[his] Family”, 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 17 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland at p 7);
Barvathi’s Sep 2019 at para 18 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 73);
Priyatharsini’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 18 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 129).

evidence on what exactly was said by both Manokaran and Grassland’s staff in
response is not before me.

243 For these reasons, this is not one of the rare cases in which the court is
entitled to venture beyond the parties’ pleadings. It cannot be said that both
sides have come to court ready to deal with the issue of privity despite its
omission from the pleadings.

244 In any event, notwithstanding the paucity of evidence, I find it absurd
that Xing Lina and Lye were not alive to Wee and Manokaran’s respective
intention to purchase tickets on behalf of other persons. The fact that more
than one ticket was purchased should have alerted them to the fact that there
were other persons who would be party to the Contracts. Even further still,
Manokaran was accompanied by Barvathi and Priyatharsini when he signed the
Booking Form at the Boon Lay Office. He also gave evidence that he informed
Grassland’s staff that “[his] Family and [himself] were agreeable to purchase
the bus tickets”. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Manokaran’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 20 (PBAEIC 1044 (Grassland) at p 8).

Wee similarly states that he informed Grassland’s staff that “[his] wife and
[himself] wanted to” book a trip. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Wee’s Sep 2019 AEIC at para 17 (PBAEIC 1307 (Grassland) at p 7).

Therefore, I am not prepared to find that the Plaintiffs, other than Wee and
Manokaran, were not privy to the Contracts.

Conclusion

245 In light of the foregoing, I give interlocutory judgment in favour of the
Plaintiffs, with damages to be assessed in relation to: (a) Zenwan’s vicarious
liability for Chuah’s tortious negligence; and (b) Grassland’s contractual
liability to all the Plaintiffs under the Contracts for failing to provide the
bus transportation service with reasonable care. I will hear parties on costs
for the trial on liability separately.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Palaniappan Sundararaj and Ranita Yogeeswaran

(K&L Gates Straits Law LLC) for the plaintiffs in Suit 1044 of 2018 and Suit
1307 of 2018;

Gan Chern Ning David (DG Law LLC) and Teo Kim Soon Danny (Advance Law LLC) for
the second defendant in Suit 1044 of 2018 and Suit 1307 of 2018;

Pillai Subbiah (Tan & Pillai) for the third defendant in Suit 1044 of 2018 and
Suit 1307 of 2018;

The first defendant absent and unrepresented in Suit 1044 of 2018 and Suit
1307 of 2018.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Feb 2022 (16:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

