Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 176

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9174 of 2021

Between

| Sue Chang (Xu Zheng)  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Road Traffic Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Sentencing framework —
Section 65(3)(a) of the Road Traffic Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sue Chang

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 176

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9174 of 2021  
Vincent Hoong J  
23 February 2022

25 July 2022 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 The appellant pleaded guilty to a charge of driving without due care and
attention causing grievous hurt, an offence under s 65(1)(a) punishable under
s 65(3)(a) read with s 65(6)(d) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“RTA”). The district judge (“DJ”) sentenced him to six months’ imprisonment
and imposed a disqualification order for a period of five years. The DJ’s
grounds of decision can be found in Public Prosecutor v Sue Chang [2021] SGDC
192 (“GD”).

2 The appellant’s main contention in this appeal is that the sentence of
imprisonment imposed by the DJ was manifestly excessive.

3 This appeal is significant as it is the first case to be considered in this
court involving the newly legislated s 65(3)(a) of the RTA, following the RTA
amendments which came into effect on 1 November 2019. It is thus an opportune
time to consider the appropriateness of promulgating a sentencing framework
for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA.

Facts

4 On 5 December 2020, at about 8.26pm, the appellant was driving a motor car
along the Central Expressway (“CTE”) towards the Seletar Expressway (“SLE”).
As he drove past the 6.8km mark near lamp post 444F, he failed to keep a
proper lookout ahead and collided into the rear of the first victim’s
motorcycle. Upon collision, the first victim was flung off her motorcycle. The
appellant’s motor car swerved right and collided into the right rear portion
of the second victim’s motor car. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at [5], Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) p 7.

5 Extensive damage was caused to the first victim’s motorcycle. The rear
portion of the motorcycle, the right-side exhaust pipe, the left-side rider’s
footrest and left-side mirror were broken. Multiple other areas of the
motorcycle sustained scratches. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF at [8], ROP p 8.

The second victim’s motor car also sustained damage, where the rear left and
right portions of the vehicle were broken. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF at [9], ROP p 8.

The front portion of the appellant’s motor car was broken and scratched. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at [10], ROP p 8.

6 Following the accident, the first victim was conveyed semi-conscious to Tan
Tock Seng Hospital (“TTSH”) by ambulance. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at [11], ROP p 9.

Both the appellant and the second victim were not injured. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at [10], ROP p 9.

7 The medical reports obtained from TTSH’s Emergency Department, Department of
General Surgery, Department of Otorhinolaryngology and the National
Neuroscience Institute indicated that the first victim sustained the following
injuries as a result of the collision: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at [11], ROP p 9; Medical Report from TTSH (ED) dated 26 January 2021
(“TTSH MR (ED)”), ROP p 65; Medical Report from TTSH (ENT) dated 26 January
2021 (“TTSH MR (ENT)”), ROP p 66; Medical Report from National Neuroscience
Institute dated 26 January 2021 (“NNI MR”), ROP p 67; Medical Report from TTSH
dated 1 February 2021 (“TTSH MR (GS)”), ROP p 68.

(a) occipital cephalohaematoma;

(b) abrasions over the right posterior lower chest wall and right flank;

(c) small abrasions over bilateral hands and feet;

(d) severe head injury with cerebral oedema, acute traumatic subarachnoid
haemorrhage and subdural haematoma;

(e) pulmonary contusions;

(f) multiple intracranial haemorrhages with suspicious right parietal bone
non-depressed fracture;

(g) right lung contusions; and

(h) rhabdomyolysis.

8 The first victim was intubated in TTSH’s Emergency Department in view of her
low Glasgow Coma Scale score of three. She underwent a series of medical
procedures during her time at TTSH, namely: (a) tracheostomy creation on 22
December 2020; (b) surgery for insertion of intracranial pressure monitors on
6 and 9 December 2020; and (c) exploration and haemostasis of the tracheostomy
wound on 27 December 2020. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at [12], ROP p 9; TTSH MR (ENT), ROP p 66; NNI MR, ROP p 67.

9 At her family’s request, the first victim was medically repatriated to
Hospital Sultanah Aminah in Johor Bahru, Malaysia on 17 January 2021. At the
time of repatriation, she was still unresponsive, unable to obey commands and
unable to speak or communicate. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at [14], ROP p 10.

10 At the time of the incident, the weather was clear, the road surface was
wet, the traffic volume was moderate to heavy, and the visibility was clear.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at [16], ROP p 9.

11 The appellant subsequently pleaded guilty to the following charge
concerning the first victim:

You… are charged that on 5th December 2020 at or about 8.26p.m., along Central
Expressway (“CTE”) towards Seletar Expressway (“SLE”) 6.8 km near lamppost
444F Singapore, did drive a motor vehicle, SLK3954C on a road without due care
and attention, to wit, by failing to keep a proper lookout ahead and had
collided onto the rear of motorcycle, VCT5716 whom was travelling ahead of you
and grievous hurt was caused to one Nur Farahin Binti Roslaili, female, 21
years old by such driving, you have thereby committed an offence under Section
65(1)(a) punishable under Section 65(3)(a) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276,
2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”) r/w Section 65(6)(d) of the same act.

12 At this juncture, one irregularity in the Statement of Facts (“SOF”) as
admitted to by the appellant in the court below must be noted. At [15] of the
SOF, it is stated that the appellant had caused grievous hurt to the first
victim under s 320(g) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”), as she
had sustained a fracture. During the hearing of the appeal, the Prosecution
conceded that this was incorrect as the fracture was merely a “suspicious” or
suspected fracture. Instead, the grievous hurt caused in the present case
related to the category of hurt whereby the sufferer was unable to follow his
ordinary pursuits during the space of 20 days, under s 320(h) of the PC.
Notwithstanding this error, I accept that the Prosecution’s reliance on s
320(h) of the PC to establish grievous hurt is borne out by the facts admitted
to by the appellant in the SOF. Moreover, this irregularity does not cause any
prejudice to the appellant who, in any event, does not contest that grievous
hurt was caused.

The decision below

13 The DJ accepted the Prosecution’s submission that a possible starting point
to determine the appropriate sentence in the present case was the framework
set out in Public Prosecutor v Cullen Richard Alexander [2020] SGDC 88
(“Cullen”), hereinafter referred to as the Cullen framework which is
reproduced at Annex A. Cullen similarly concerned an offender charged with an
offence under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA. The district judge in Cullen had modelled
the framework on the two-stage, five-step framework set out in Logachev
Vladislav v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 609 (“Logachev”).

14 In sentencing the appellant to six months’ imprisonment and imposing a
disqualification order for a period of five years, the DJ assessed the harm
caused by the offence to be “very serious” and the appellant’s culpability to
be at the higher end of the low range based on the levels of harm and
culpability as defined in the Cullen framework.

Issues to be determined

15 The ultimate issue to be decided is whether the sentence imposed on the
appellant was manifestly excessive.

16 In addition, against the backdrop of the legislative amendments to the RTA,
these further issues arise before me for determination:

(a) whether it is appropriate for the court to set out a sentencing framework
for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA; and

(b) if the first question is answered in the affirmative, what the appropriate
sentencing framework for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA should be.

17 Given the nascency of s 65(3)(a) of the RTA and the extensive amendments to
the architecture of the RTA, Ms Thara Rubini Gopalan (“Ms Gopalan”) was
appointed under the Supreme Court’s young amicus curiae scheme to assist the
court.

The parties’ submissions

18 I begin by briefly setting out the parties’ respective cases as well as Ms
Gopalan’s submissions on the questions referred by the court. At the outset, I
note that they are broadly in agreement that it is desirable for this court to
lay down a sentencing framework for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA. The
disagreement between them lies in the choice of the most appropriate
sentencing framework to adopt.

The appellant’s case

19 The appellant submits that the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive
and a high fine of $5,000 and a disqualification period of five years is more
appropriate in the circumstances of the case.

20 The appellant takes the position that it is appropriate to set out a
sentencing framework for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA. To this end, he
submits that a sentencing bands approach reminiscent of that in Wu Zhi Yong v
Public Prosecutor [2021] SGHC 261 (“Wu Zhi Yong”) (for offences under s
64(2C)(a) read with s 64(2C)(c) of the RTA) and Tang Ling Lee v Public
Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 813 (“Tang Ling Lee”) (for offences under s 338(b) of
the PC) should be adopted for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions (“ASS”) at [55].

The appellant’s proposed sentencing bands are set out in Annex B.

21 Conversely, the appellant argues that the Cullen framework is inappropriate
as it places undue emphasis on the harm suffered by the victim over the manner
of the offender’s driving. This thereby fails to account for Parliament’s
stratification of the offences under s 65 of the RTA into different sub-
provisions based on the type of harm caused to the victim. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASS at [55]–[56].

Indeed, this concern is similarly shared by Ms Gopalan in her submissions,
which I will consider below.

22 On the facts, the appellant asserts that the DJ had erred in classifying
the harm caused to the first victim as “very serious”. Instead, he contends
that the degree of harm caused was between low to medium. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASS at [39].

In particular, he points to the fact that none of the medical reports tendered
have indicated that the first victim had suffered permanent injury or that she
would suffer a permanent loss in her quality of life. Moreover,
notwithstanding that she had been admitted to TTSH in a comatose state, her
condition had gradually improved, and she was subsequently moved from the
Intensive Care Unit (“ICU”) to the acute care wards on 3 January 2021. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASS at [35]–[36].

23 In respect of culpability, the appellant argues that the DJ wrongly
assessed it to be on the higher end of the low band. He submits that his
culpability should instead be assessed as falling on the lower end of the low
band. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASS at [31].

Among other things, he challenges the DJ’s finding that he failed to apply his
brakes before colliding into the rear of the first victim’s motorcycle. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASS at [24]–[25].

I will return to the appellant’s challenge on this finding later.

24 The appellant also submits that the DJ failed to accord any or sufficient
weight to the mitigating factors present. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASS at [40].

25 In sum, the appellant urges the court to find that his culpability falls
within the lowest end of the low range and that the harm caused was low to
medium. Further, after taking into account the offender-specific mitigating
factors, the indicative sentencing range should be a fine between $1,000 and
$5,000 and a five-year disqualification order, which corresponds with Band 1
of the appellant’s proposed sentencing bands. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASS at [73]–[76].

The Prosecution’s case

26 The Prosecution likewise submits that a sentencing framework should be
adopted as it promotes a principled, transparent and consistent approach to
sentencing. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s Skeletal Submissions (“PSS”) at [5].

In this regard, it proposes to adopt the Cullen framework with certain
modifications (“Modified Cullen framework”) 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PSS at [5]–[6].

as opposed to a framework based on the sentencing bands approach as proposed
by both the appellant and Ms Gopalan. This, the Prosecution argues would lead
to fairer outcomes more proportionate to the culpability of each offender and
would provide clear guidance to sentencing judges. The Prosecution’s Modified
Cullen framework is set out at Annex C.

27 Further, the Prosecution submits that the sentence imposed by the DJ was
not manifestly excessive and is in line with both the original and Modified
Cullen frameworks. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PSS at [7].

The young amicus curiae’s submissions

28 Ms Gopalan agrees with both parties that it would be appropriate for this
court to adopt a sentencing framework for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the
RTA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Young amicus curiae’s Skeletal Submissions (“YACSS”) at [2].

She proposes a sentencing bands approach as opposed to a “sentencing matrix”
approach as adopted in Cullen. However, for the reasons discussed below at
[66], it should be highlighted that the sentencing approach adopted in Cullen
is not strictly a sentencing matrix approach in the traditional sense.

29 Further, as noted above at [21], Ms Gopalan observes that harm should not
feature as a principal sentencing element in the sentencing matrix as it is
already featured in the choice between the different provisions. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

YACSS at [64(a)].

In addition, it would not be appropriate to subdivide grievous hurt into
further categories as it occurs on a continuum. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

YACSS at [64(c)].

Accordingly, as harm only features as one of many offence-specific factors
that ought to be taken into consideration for the purpose of assessing the
seriousness of an offence, there would no longer be two axes with which to
fashion a harm-culpability matrix. In the premises, a sentencing bands
framework is thus more suitable. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

YACSS at [66].

Ms Gopalan’s proposed sentencing bands are set out in Annex D.

Legislative amendments to the RTA

30 I find it apposite to begin my analysis with a discussion of the key
legislative amendments relating to s 65 of the RTA and the underlying
legislative intention. This provides the necessary perspective and background
to inform the answers to the questions posed above at [16].

31 On 8 July 2019, Parliament passed the Road Traffic (Amendment) Act 2019
(Act 19 of 2019) (“Amendment Act”) which introduced a whole suite of
amendments to the RTA, enhancing and fortifying the existing legislative
infrastructure regulating road traffic in Singapore with the stated aim of
making our roads safer. Particularly relevant to the present case are the
significant amendments made to s 65 of the RTA.

The relevant statutory provisions

32 For ease of comparison, I reproduce the relevant statutory provisions
below.

33 The pre-amendment version of s 65 of the RTA (“pre-2019 RTA”) provided as
follows:

Driving without due care or reasonable consideration

65\. If any person drives a motor vehicle on a road —

(a) without due care and attention; or

(b) without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road,

he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $1,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or
to both and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to a fine not
exceeding $2,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to
both.

34 The pertinent portions of the current iteration of s 65 of the RTA provide
as follows:

Driving without due care or reasonable consideration

65.—(1) If any person drives a motor vehicle on a road —

(a) without due care and attention; or

(b) without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road,

the person (called the offender) shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) If death is caused to another person by the driving of a motor vehicle by
the offender, the offender shall on conviction of an offence under subsection
(1) —

…

(3) If grievous hurt is caused to another person by the driving of a motor
vehicle by the offender, the offender shall on conviction of an offence under
subsection (1) —

(a)  be liable to a fine not exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding 2 years or to both;

(b) where the person is a repeat offender, be liable to a fine not exceeding
$20,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 years or to both;

(c) where the person is a serious offender in relation to the driving, be
punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years, in addition to
any punishment under paragraph (a) or (b); or

(d) where the offender is a serious repeat offender in relation to the
driving, be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 4 years, in
addition to any punishment under paragraph (a) or (b);

(4) If hurt is caused to another person by the driving of a motor vehicle by
the offender, the offender shall on conviction of an offence under subsection
(1) —

…

(5) In any other case involving the driving of a motor vehicle by the
offender, the offender shall on conviction of an offence under subsection (1)
—

…

(6) A court convicting a person of an offence under subsection (1) in the
following cases is to, unless the court for special reasons thinks fit to not
order or to order otherwise, order that the person be disqualified from
holding or obtaining a driving licence for a disqualification period of not
less than the specified period corresponding to that case:

…

(d)  for an offender or a repeat offender in subsection (3)(a) or (b) — 5
years;

…

Genesis of Parliament’s review of the RTA and some key observations

35 At the Second Reading of the Road Traffic (Amendment) Bill (Bill No
13/2019) on 8 July 2019, Second Minister for Home Affairs, Mrs Josephine Teo
(“the Minister”) explained that the impetus behind the comprehensive review of
the RTA and the consequent amendments to it stemmed from a need for stronger
deterrence against irresponsible driving (Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (8 July 2019), vol 94) (“the Parliamentary Debate”).

36 As part of the enhanced approach towards dealing with irresponsible driving
offences, the Minister set out the following proposals which have been
reflected in the current iteration of the RTA:

For better clarity and consistency, we propose to consolidate irresponsible
driving offences under the RTA. We will also streamline the offences into two
classes: the first category is Reckless or Dangerous Driving, which I will
refer to as Dangerous Driving in the rest of the speech. The second category
is Driving without Due Care or Reasonable Consideration which I will refer to
as Careless Driving.

The definitions of Dangerous Driving and Careless Driving are currently in the
RTA. We will maintain the current definitions.

Dangerous Driving is more serious than Careless Driving. The two can be
differentiated, on a case-by-case basis. …

…

When determining the punishment, we will look at the circumstances under which
the offence is committed. The threshold for Dangerous Driving is higher than
Careless Driving; so too the penalties.

Besides looking at the circumstances of the offence, our enhanced approach
will also consider the level of harm caused. If the motorist causes more harm,
the level of punishment will be higher.

There will be four levels of harm: Death, Grievous Hurt, Hurt and Endangering
Life. Such tiering of harm is not new in our laws – the Penal Code already has
it.

To summarise, we will enhance our overall approach to penalise irresponsible
driving depending on: (a) the circumstances of the offence – whether it
constitutes Dangerous Driving or Careless Driving; and (b) the level of harm
caused – whether they result in Death, Grievous Hurt, Hurt, or Endangering
Life.

37 I make two key observations in relation to the legislative amendments which
are especially pertinent in the context of careless or inconsiderate driving
offences under s 65 of the RTA.

38 First, as was observed by Sundaresh Menon CJ (“Menon CJ”) in Wu Zhi Yong at
[15] (albeit in the related context of s 64 of the RTA), the Amendment Act
envisaged a new scheme of penalties for careless or inconsiderate driving in a
tiered structure calibrated according to the degree of hurt caused. This is
codified in the RTA as ss 65(2) to 65(5). The maximum punishments which may be
imposed for each category of harm increase concomitantly with the seriousness
of the harm caused; this translates into wider ranges of punishments where
more serious harm is occasioned. For instance, where death is caused, s
65(2)(a) provides that a first-time offender is liable to a fine not exceeding
$10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years or to both. In
contrast, the residual category (where no actual physical harm is caused, but
which includes cases of non-personal injury or potential harm) captured in s
65(5)(a) provides that a first-time offender is liable to a fine not exceeding
$1,500 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both.

39 By tiering the punishment provisions in accordance with the type of harm
suffered, Parliament has given clear expression to the need to give explicit
consideration to the outcomes that result from instances of careless or
inconsiderate driving. This is a stark departure from the structure of s 65 of
the pre-2019 RTA, where there was a single range of punishment with no
differentiation based on the type and/or degree of harm caused.

40 Second, while Parliament has retained the distinction between reckless or
dangerous driving under s 64 of the RTA and careless or inconsiderate driving
under s 65 of the RTA, this distinction has been made more pronounced through
the refining of the punishment provisions. These two provisions reflect the
differing circumstances under which an irresponsible driving offence can
occur. As can be seen from the Minister’s speech quoted above at [36], the
former offence is regarded as being more serious than the latter, reflecting
primarily the differing levels of culpability of the offenders. Accordingly,
the current architecture of the RTA concerning irresponsible driving offences
tiers the punishment provisions according to both harm and culpability, not
dissimilar to the PC.

The appropriateness of a sentencing framework

41 Having made these preliminary observations on the legislative amendments to
the RTA, I now turn to consider whether it is appropriate to lay down a
sentencing framework for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA.

Purpose of sentencing and sentencing frameworks

42 At its core, sentencing is an exercise of judicial discretion. However,
this discretion is neither unprincipled nor unfettered. The sentencing court
is guided in arriving at the appropriate sentence in each case by considering
and weighing the four classical principles of sentencing, namely, deterrence,
retribution, prevention and rehabilitation. The court is also to have regard
to sentencing factors which reflect the seriousness of the offence(s)
committed by the offender and other circumstances unique to the individual
offender. These are often categorised as offence-specific factors and
offender-specific factors respectively. Behind this approach is the keen
desire to deliver individualised justice which is sensitive to the particular
facts and circumstances of each case and offender.

43 Apart from the endeavour to deliver individualised justice, another key
aspect of sentencing has also been to ensure consistency in both outcome and
approach. To put it simply, the courts strive to treat like cases alike, while
being flexible enough to accommodate the subtle differences in every case.

44 One of the means by which the courts have sought to translate these
principles of sentencing into practice has been through the adoption of
sentencing frameworks. In Public Prosecutor v Pang Shuo [2016] 3 SLR 903 at
[28], Chan Seng Onn J (as he then was) eloquently described the function of
sentencing frameworks as follows:

A good sentencing framework thus provides the analytical frame of reference to
allow the sentencing judge to achieve a reasoned, fair and appropriate
sentence in line with other like cases while having due regard to the facts of
each particular case. Such guidelines also promote public confidence in
sentencing, and enhance sentencing transparency and accountability in the
administration of criminal justice. Broad consistency in sentencing also
provides society with a clear understanding of what and how the law seeks to
punish and allows for members of society to have regard to this in arranging
their own affairs and making their own choices.

45 The key aims of a good sentencing framework can thus be distilled into
three main goals: (a) to be instructive (without being prescriptive); (b) to
be communicative; and (c) to deliver consistent outcomes. These serve as
helpful evaluative criteria to ascertain the suitability of a sentencing
framework for a particular offence. The first criterion assesses the quality
of the guidance provided to sentencing judges. In this connection, the
sentencing framework should strike a balance between preserving the
flexibility of sentencing judges to deliver individualised justice while
providing a clear structure to guide the exercise of their sentencing
discretion. Another aspect of this criterion relates to the ease of
application of the sentencing framework by the courts. The second criterion
assesses the sentencing framework’s consonance with legislative intention and
public policy considerations and the effectiveness of the manner in which
these are conveyed to the public at large. Finally, the third criterion
assesses the sentencing framework’s ability to set out a consistent approach
which results in consistent outcomes.

Reasons for a sentencing framework for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA

46 Having set out the general principles concerning sentencing and the purpose
behind the adoption of sentencing frameworks, I now turn to set out the
specific reasons why I agree with the parties and Ms Gopalan that a sentencing
framework for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA is appropriate.

47 It has been observed that it would not be wise to formulate a framework
when there is an insufficient body of case law before the court: see Kwan
Weiguang v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGHC 121 at [44]. As mentioned above, s
65(3)(a) of the RTA is a relatively new provision which came into effect only
on 1 November 2019. Consequently, there is a paucity of reasoned decisions to
enable the court to plot out with clarity a discernible sentencing pattern on
which to base a sentencing framework.

48 However, the lack of a large corpus of case law to draw from does not form
an absolute bar to the promulgation of a sentencing framework for a particular
offence. In Wu Zhi Yong, Menon CJ formulated a sentencing framework for
offences under s 64(2C)(a) read with s 64(2C)(c) of the RTA. This was done
despite the dearth of sentencing precedents involving offences under those
specific provisions. Indeed, in some cases the lack of reasoned decisions has
been cited as one of the reasons to adopt a sentencing framework. In Huang
Ying-Chun v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 606 (“Huang Ying-Chun”) at [32],
See Kee Oon J (“See J”) observed that it would be useful for the High Court to
set out a sentencing framework for cash laundering offences under s 44(1)(a)
of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”) in order to provide guidance on
sentencing.

49 More importantly, the key reason for setting out a sentencing framework for
this offence arises from a pressing need to ensure consistency in this area
for the following reasons.

50 First, there has been a high number of road traffic accidents where
grievous hurt has resulted which have been prosecuted under s 65(3)(a) of the
RTA in the lower courts since the 2019 RTA amendments took effect. A search
helpfully conducted by Ms Gopalan on 15 January 2022 in the State Courts
Sentencing Information and Research Repository database revealed that there
have been no less than 115 charges brought for offences under s 65(3)(a). The
frequency with which such cases land themselves in the lower courts makes it
especially important to ensure a measure of consistency. It has also come to
my attention that there are a number of appeals arising from the lower courts’
decisions concerning offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA which are awaiting
the outcome of this decision, in view of the possibility that a sentencing
framework would be formulated to guide future cases. In Huang Ying-Chun at
[34], See J similarly accepted that sentencing guidance from an appellate
court would be especially useful due to the “pipeline” of pending prosecutions
and appeals against decisions relating to offences under s 44(1)(a) of the
CDSA.

51 Second, as the Prosecution highlights, two differing sentencing frameworks
for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA have surfaced in the courts below. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PSS at [34].

In Cullen, the district judge set out a two-stage, five-step sentencing
framework based on the sentencing approach adopted in Logachev. In contrast,
the district judge in Public Prosecutor v Chuah Choon Yee [2021] SGDC 264
declined to follow the approach in Cullen as she found that there was a lack
of range of outcomes on the harm axis and the suggested working or functional
definition for each degree of harm was difficult to apply in practice (at
[22]). Instead, she proposed an alternative framework based on the sentencing
bands approach set out in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2
SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”). It does not conduce to certainty and consistency for
differing approaches to be adopted by the lower courts.

52 On balance, I find that it is desirable for this court to clarify the law
and lay down a sentencing framework for offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA.
Nevertheless, I must emphasise that the sentencing framework set out below is
not to be taken as one that is cast in stone. With the gradual accretion of
case law and the manifold factual situations that present themselves before
the courts, subsequent amendments and modifications may have to be made to
refine the approach.

53 Thus, having determined that a sentencing framework is appropriate, I now
turn to address the question of which sentencing approach should be adopted.

The appropriate sentencing framework

Types of sentencing approaches

54 Over the years, the courts have promulgated numerous sentencing frameworks
for a wide range of offences. These sentencing frameworks have taken on
different forms and various descriptive labels have been used to classify them
based on their primary characteristics. In many ways, this has made the
selection of particular sentencing frameworks for different types of offences
a simpler exercise. However, despite the development of new sentencing
frameworks utilising new approaches, the nomenclature used to classify them
has unfortunately failed to develop at the same pace. This has resulted in
some confusion in the submissions made before this court. I therefore find it
timely to restore some clarity in this area.

55 It is helpful to begin with the various approaches set out in Terence Ng at
[26] and [39]. The Court of Appeal set out five main approaches: (a) the
“single starting point” approach; (b) the “multiple starting points” approach;
(c) the “benchmark” approach; (d) the “sentencing matrix” approach; and (e)
the “sentencing bands” approach. Subsequently, in Logachev at [75], Menon CJ
laid down a two-stage, five-step sentencing framework (the “Logachev-hybrid
approach”) inspired by the “sentencing bands” approach adopted in Terence Ng.

56 I consider in particular the “sentencing matrix”, “sentencing bands” and
the “Logachev-hybrid” approaches, on which the parties and Ms Gopalan have
focused their submissions.

The sentencing matrix approach

57 A typical example of a sentencing matrix approach can be found in Poh Boon
Kiat v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 892 (“Poh Boon Kiat”). This approach
comprises a two-stage analysis. At the first stage, the court considers the
seriousness of an offence by reference to the “principal factual elements” of
the case, which is used to determine the indicative starting sentence/range
within a sentencing matrix. It is implicit in this approach that the court
should be able to identify two principal sentencing elements with which to
fashion the matrix: see Wu Zhi Yong at [27]. These principal factual elements
are closely related to: (a) the culpability of the offender in carrying out
the offence and (b) the harm resulting from the offender’s actions: see Wu Zhi
Yong at [22]. At the second stage of the analysis, once an indicative starting
sentence/range is determined, the precise sentence to be imposed will be
determined by having regard to any other aggravating and mitigating factors,
which do not relate to the principal factual elements of the offence: see
Terence Ng at [33], citing Poh Boon Kiat at [79].

58 This approach, however, is dependent on the availability of a set of
principal facts which can significantly affect the seriousness of an offence
in all cases: see Terence Ng at [34], citing Koh Yong Chiah v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 3 SLR 447 at [47]. This was found to be the case in Poh Boon
Kiat, in the context of vice-related offences under the PC. There, the court
found that the “principal factual elements” were: (a) the manner and extent of
the offender’s role in the vice syndicate (which is the primary determinant of
his culpability) and (b) the treatment of the prostitute (which is the primary
determinant of the harm caused by the offence): see Terence Ng at [34], citing
Poh Boon Kiat at [75]–[76].

The sentencing bands approach

59 Both Ms Gopalan and the appellant submit that the appropriate sentencing
framework to adopt in respect of offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA is the
“sentencing bands” approach set out in Terence Ng. Before I address their
submissions on this in detail, I first highlight the key aspects of this
approach.

60 Under the “sentencing bands” approach, the analysis is similarly conducted
in two steps. First, the court has to consider the offence-specific factors to
determine the appropriate “band” in which the particular offence should be
situated. The factors which the court should have regard to include the manner
and mode by which the offence was committed as well as the harm caused. The
court should then determine precisely where within that range the present
offence falls in order to derive an “indicative starting point”: see Terence
Ng at [39(a)]. Second, the court has to have regard to the relevant offender-
specific aggravating and mitigating factors to further calibrate the sentence:
see Terence Ng at [39(b)].

61 As compared to the sentencing matrix approach, this approach is more
suitable where the offence can take place in a wide variety of different
circumstances, and it is difficult to identify any set of “principal factual
elements” which can affect the seriousness of such an offence across the
board: see Terence Ng at [34]. To this, I would add that this approach is also
more viable where there are difficulties dividing the categories of harm and
culpability into varying levels of seriousness to populate a sentencing
matrix.

The Logachev-hybrid approach

62 In contrast, the Prosecution urges the court to adopt a sentencing
framework based on the Logachev-hybrid approach. As explained in Ye Lin Myint
v Public Prosecutor [2019] 5 SLR 1005 at [46], this approach comprises a two-
stage, five-step framework which eschews a focus on the “principal factual
elements” of the case (unlike the sentencing matrix approach) and instead
employs at the first step a general holistic assessment of the seriousness of
the offence by reference to all the offence-specific factors. For analytical
clarity, the offence-specific factors are broken down into two main groups
that go towards the offender’s culpability and the harm caused by the
offender’s actions. The second and third steps involve first identifying the
applicable indicative sentencing range within the sentencing matrix based on
the corresponding level of harm and culpability and thereafter identifying the
appropriate starting point within that indicative sentencing range. The fourth
step involves making adjustments to the starting point to account for any
offender-specific factors. The fifth step calls for the court to make any
final adjustments to take into account the totality principle.

63 In form, this approach resembles the sentencing matrix approach, where harm
and culpability are represented as two axes mapped onto a sentencing matrix.
However, in substance, it instead closely adopts the analytical framework
behind the sentencing bands approach -– requiring a holistic assessment of the
various offence-specific factors at the first stage and the offender-specific
factors at the second stage. Accordingly, it would be improper, as Ms Gopalan
appears to suggest, to regard the Logachev-hybrid approach as a sentencing
matrix in its purest form (as in the case of Poh Boon Kiat).

64 The sentencing matrix approach and the Logachev-hybrid approach are
conceptually different. The latter approach combines the granularity of a
sentencing matrix model with the holistic nature of the sentencing bands
approach. This approach may be better suited for offences where a broad range
of outcomes can arise under the specific axes of harm or culpability: see Wu
Zhi Yong at [28].

The appropriate sentencing approach

65 In my judgment, having considered the submissions of the parties and Ms
Gopalan, I am of the view that the most suitable sentencing approach to adopt
in respect of offences under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA is the Logachev-hybrid
approach. I must, however, emphasise that my reasons for this view as
expounded upon in the following paragraphs apply strictly to this specific
punishment provision.

66 Before I examine the objections raised by the appellant and Ms Gopalan in
respect of adopting a sentencing framework based on the Logachev-hybrid
approach, I find it necessary to clarify the language used in the latter’s
written submissions to avoid the potential for confusion. In her submissions,
Ms Gopalan took the position that a sentencing framework based on a
“sentencing matrix” approach, like the one in Cullen, is unworkable in
principle. However, as I have sought to clarify earlier at [63]–[64], a pure
sentencing matrix approach is conceptually different from the Logachev-hybrid
approach which was adopted in Cullen. With this in mind, I regard Ms Gopalan’s
objection to be against the latter approach. In the same vein, I understand
her criticisms of the “sentencing matrix” to relate to the sentencing matrix
model (as distinct from the framework) comprising the two axes of harm and
culpability which is utilised as part of the Logachev-hybrid approach.

67 Having made the necessary clarifications, I return to address the
appellant’s and Ms Gopalan’s concerns relating to the adoption of a sentencing
framework based on the Logachev-hybrid approach.

68 First, Ms Gopalan submits that harm should not feature as a principal
sentencing element in the sentencing matrix because the factor of harm has
already been factored into the statutory scheme by the tiering of the
punishment provisions. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

YACSS at [64(a)].

To support her objection she makes reference to Menon CJ’s observations in Wu
Zhi Yong. It is thus useful to reproduce the observations at length:

27 … In some of these situations, such as where death is caused, the nature of
harm ceases to be a relevant differentiating factor for the purposes of
sentencing offenders falling within the ambit of the applicable provision. The
same may also be said to some, albeit varying, degrees even in cases of simple
hurt, or of harm other than personal injury.

28 In short, the specific harm factors identified in s 64 do not themselves
allow for a harm-culpability framework to be deployed in relation to at least
some of the defined harm categories, because such frameworks would typically
be appropriate where a broad range of outcomes can arise under the specific
axes of harm or culpability. This allows any case to be situated at an
appropriate point within the matrix by calibrating across both axes. Due to
the structure of s 64, however, the range of outcomes on the harm axis that
can arise under some of the limbs could be essentially non-existent or very
narrow, as I have already explained. Put another way, the factor of “harm” is,
in large part, already reflected in the different penalty-prescribing
provisions and in the choice between the different provisions, such that it is
no longer significant enough to justify it as a principal sentencing element
in a matrix for a specific provision.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

69 With respect, I find that this submission does not pay sufficient regard to
the context in which Menon CJ’s observations were made. In Wu Zhi Yong, Menon
CJ was tasked with laying down a sentencing framework specifically for
reckless driving offences where no personal injury had been caused, which is
punishable under s 64(2C)(a) read with s 64(2C)(c) of the RTA. With this
context in mind, he explained that in those limbs of s 64 (ie, the various
sub-provisions of s 64) where the range of outcomes on the harm axis were
“essentially non-existent or very narrow”, harm would no longer be significant
enough such as to justify it being a principal sentencing element in a matrix.
This he found to be the case in relation to the particular limb concerned in
Wu Zhi Yong, ie, the limb where no personal injury had been caused. However,
this is not to say that in every limb there would not be material gradations
in the level of harm caused, and that harm would not be significant enough to
be regarded as a principal sentencing element suitably represented in a
matrix. In particular, Menon CJ was careful to note that his reservations
concerning the suitability of representing harm in a sentencing matrix may
only be relevant in some situations. For example, where death is caused the
nature of harm would cease to be a relevant differentiating factor for the
purpose of sentencing offenders falling within the ambit of the applicable
provision. The same may also be said to “some, albeit varying, degrees even in
cases of simple hurt, or of harm other than personal injury” (at [27]).
Perhaps, somewhat tellingly, Menon CJ did not comment on whether the nature of
harm was similarly denuded of its relevance as a differentiating factor in the
specific context where grievous hurt is caused.

70 This segues neatly to my next point. This is in relation to the spectrum of
grievous hurt and whether it is sufficiently broad to be represented on a harm
axis. In s 64(8) of the RTA, it is stated that “grievous hurt” for the purpose
of ss 64 and 65 has the meaning given by s 320 of the PC, with the exclusion
of death which is provided for in s 320(aa). As the Prosecution submits, s 320
encompasses many different forms of grievous hurt, some representing more
severe injuries than others. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PSS at [60].

For instance, it includes not only simple fractures which require no
significant medical or surgical intervention, but also permanent injuries such
as the privation of sight or hearing. The expansiveness of the types of
injuries that are captured in this provision was expressly recognised by the
Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 27 (“BDB”) at [56],
where it was observed that “[s] 325 encompasses a broad spectrum of different
forms of grievous hurt ranging from a simple fracture to death”. Even though
“death” has been expressly excluded from the definition of grievous hurt for
the purpose of ss 64 and 65 of the RTA, it is plain that the remaining forms
of grievous hurt nonetheless cover a wide range of injuries of varied
severity. Therefore, I find that the specific concern raised in Wu Zhi Yong
concerning the potential limited range of outcomes that may be reflected on
the harm axis of a sentencing matrix to be of little relevance in the context
of s 65(3)(a) of the RTA.

71 A separate but related concern that Ms Gopalan raises is that it would not
be appropriate to subdivide grievous hurt into categories. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

YACSS at [64(c)].

To this end, she cites the observations of this court in Muhammad Khalis bin
Ramlee v Public Prosecutor [2018] 5 SLR 449 at [56], where Menon CJ opined
that “it is less useful to delineate the types of harm caused by an accused
person into two broad categories, as opposed to treating such injuries as
spread along a spectrum having regard to the nature and permanence of the
injury”.

72 In my view, the subdivision of grievous hurt into categories corresponding
to “low harm”, “moderate harm” and “serious harm” pays sufficient regard to
the broad spectrum in which such injuries are spread. These categories, as I
have developed below at [87], do not serve to set out a range of starting
points for each type of grievous hurt, neither are they so overly prescriptive
as to define categorically the forms of grievous hurt which may fall under
each category. The descriptive labels of the respective categories of harm are
flexible enough to account for the varied forms of grievous hurt that may be
caused and they in no way inhibit the court’s discretion to have due regard to
the nature and permanence of the injury in each case.

73 Second, the appellant and Ms Gopalan suggest that to consider harm as one
of two central considerations for the purpose of sentencing would have the
effect of placing undue weight on this factor given that it has already been
featured in the choice between the different provisions. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

YACSS at [64(b)]; ASS at [56]

With respect, I find that this argument misses the point. Sections 65(2) to
65(4) of the RTA, set out different ranges of punishment corresponding to
different types of harm suffered: death, grievous hurt, hurt and any other
case where no personal injury is caused. These different ranges of punishment
are differentiated by the maximum prescribed punishment that may be imposed by
the court. Essentially, the more severe the type of harm suffered, the higher
the maximum prescribed punishment. This reflects Parliament’s intention that
higher sentences should be imposed where greater harm has resulted. In this
way, the factor of harm is taken into account first in determining the
appropriate range of punishment (including the maximum prescribed punishment)
which signals the gravity with which the offence is to be viewed.

74 However, this does not then obviate the need for sentencing judges to
consider the harm again within each limb/sub-provision to assess the extent of
the type of harm suffered in order to determine where within that sentencing
range a particular offence should be situated. There is no question of undue
weight being placed on harm as such. It would detract from legislative
intention to say that harm should no longer be treated as one of the other
principal sentencing factors together with culpability simply by virtue of the
tiering of the punishment provisions. If harm were to be regarded only as one
of several sentencing factors in the determination of the sentence to be
imposed as would be the case under a sentencing bands approach, this would not
give meaningful effect to Parliament’s intention of increasing the punishment
ranges based on the type of harm caused.

75 Moreover, the legislative tiering of punishment provisions to reflect
differing types of harm suffered is not without precedent. One such example
can be found in the PC. Sections 337 and 338 of the PC provide for different
punishment provisions where hurt and grievous hurt respectively are caused by
either a rash (ss 337(a) and 338(a)) or negligent act (ss 337(b) and 338(b)).
In Tang Ling Lee, See J laid down a sentencing framework for road traffic
cases prosecuted under s 338(b) of the PC. See J did not consider that there
was any issue of double counting the element of harm, despite Parliament
having provided for higher prescribed maximum sentences in respect of offences
under s 338 as compared to s 337 based on the type of harm caused (ie,
grievous hurt and hurt). Harm thus remained one of the twin factors in the
determination of the ultimate sentence to impose.

76 I pause to make one additional observation on the sentencing framework
adopted in Tang Ling Lee. On the one hand, the Prosecution interprets the
framework as having essentially adopted the Logachev-hybrid approach. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PSS at [47].

On the other hand, the appellant and Ms Gopalan are of the view that it
adopted the sentencing bands approach. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

YACSS at [42]–[44].

I agree with the Prosecution’s interpretation. While the sentencing framework
in Tang Ling Lee was described as comprising “three broad sentencing bands”
(at [25]), in substance, the court had utilised a two-by-two sentencing matrix
model, with lesser and greater harm on one axis and lower and higher
culpability on the other axis. In order to determine the appropriate sentence
to be imposed, See J observed that the court should undertake a two-step
inquiry (reflecting the two stages of the Logachev-hybrid approach). First,
the court should identify the sentencing band within which the offence in
question falls, and also where the particular case falls within the applicable
presumptive sentencing range, having regard to the twin considerations of harm
and culpability, in order to derive the starting point sentence. Second,
further adjustments should then be made to take into account the relevant
mitigating and aggravating factors, which may take the eventual sentence out
of the applicable presumptive sentencing range: see Tang Ling Lee at [32].

77 For the reasons above, I am unable to agree with the appellant and Ms
Gopalan that the Logachev-hybrid approach is necessarily the wrong one to
adopt in principle. However, the question remains whether it is to be the
preferred approach over the sentencing bands approach which the appellant and
Ms Gopalan propose.

78 At this juncture, it is useful to have recourse to the evaluative criteria
reflecting the key aims of a good sentencing framework discussed above at
[45].

79 In relation to the first criterion, I agree with the Prosecution that the
Logachev-hybrid approach would helpfully guide sentencing judges to arrive at
the appropriate sentence through a process of increasing granulation which
enhances analytical clarity and promotes the transparent articulation of
reasons for the eventual sentence imposed. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PSS at [56].

It ensures that all relevant sentencing factors are considered and adequate
flexibility is built into the approach to allow for sentencing judges to
conduct their own assessment and weighing of the relevant harm and culpability
factors to arrive at a principled sentence.

80 Conversely, if a sentencing bands approach were to be adopted, a potential
difficulty may arise in that this approach does not satisfactorily account for
how the range of harm caused is to be reflected in the overall sentence. Based
on the sentencing bands approach proposed by Ms Gopalan (see Annex D), the
sentencing bands correspond to the number of offence-specific aggravating
factors present. For instance, where two or more offence-specific aggravating
factors are present, the offender would fall within Band 2 of the framework.
Yet, it is unclear how this approach accommodates the range of grievous hurt
that may be caused to the victim by the offender’s careless or inconsiderate
driving. Ms Gopalan suggests that the grievous hurt suffered by the victim
would be regarded as an offence-specific aggravating factor where the harm
suffered is at the higher end of the continuum. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

YAC’s Further Skeletal Submissions (“YACFSS”) at [42].

However, I do not find it appropriate to only have regard to grievous hurt as
an offence-specific aggravating factor where its severity has crossed a
certain arbitrary threshold. This would, in my view, not accord sufficient
weight to the wide range of grievous hurt that could be suffered by the
victims.

81 In relation to the second criterion, much has been said already about
legislative intention. Thus, I shall say no more apart from reiterating that
the Logachev-hybrid approach properly takes into account Parliament’s
intention for harm to be one of the two main factors in the determination of
the sentence to impose. In contrast, on the sentencing bands approach, the
role of harm is significantly reduced to being only one of several offence-
specific factors.

82 In relation to the third criterion, flowing from my conclusion that the
Logachev-hybrid approach provides more structured guidance to sentencing
judges in arriving at the appropriate sentence to impose in each case, I am of
the view that this too promotes a consistency of approach, which is better
able to translate to consistency of outcome as between like cases.

Formulation of the sentencing approach

83 The Logachev-hybrid approach involves the application of the five following
steps in sequence.

The first step: Identifying the level of harm and the level of culpability

84 At the first step, the court must have regard to the offence-specific
factors set out below at [87]–[95] and identify: (a) the level of harm caused
by the offence; and (b) the level of the offender’s culpability. The harm
caused by the offence may be categorised into three levels of increasing
severity: low, moderate and serious. Likewise, the offender’s culpability may
be categorised into three levels: low, moderate and high.

85 The Prosecution, however, suggests the adoption of four levels of harm as
proposed by the district judge in Cullen. I share Ms Gopalan’s concern that
such a categorisation unnecessarily narrows the breadth of each level of harm.
Thus, the differences between each level of harm become less significant which
may in turn have the effect of arbitrarily resulting in higher sentences for
an offender where a marginal increase in harm has been occasioned. I am aware
that in Stansilas Fabian Kester v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 755
(“Stansilas”) at [75(a)], the court divided the category of harm into four
levels: slight, moderate, serious and very serious, not unlike that proposed
by the Prosecution in this case. Yet, it is important to bear in mind that the
court in Stansilas was concerned with an offence under s 67(1)(b) of the
pre-2019 RTA, which provided a single punishment range for the entire range of
possible harm that could be caused – with the lowest end of the range
concerned only with property damage and the highest end of the range concerned
with death. Accordingly, the range of harm that may be occasioned under s
67(1)(b) of the pre-2019 RTA is substantially wider than the range of harm
that may be occasioned under s 65(3)(a) of the RTA, which is concerned only
with grievous hurt. Therefore, in my view, the range of grievous hurt can
adequately be taken into account by division into the three levels of low,
moderate and serious harm.

86 I now turn to set out the non-exhaustive list of factors within the broad
categories of harm and culpability which fashion the two axes of the matrix.

(1) Factors going to harm

87 The degree of harm caused would generally refer to the nature and degree of
the grievous bodily injury caused to the victim(s): see Tang Ling Lee at [25].
In my judgment, the levels of harm can thus be broadly divided based on the
severity of the grievous hurt suffered as follows:

(a) Low: The hurt caused can be managed with conservative treatment, with no
or short periods of hospitalisation and/or medical leave. The harm occasioned
would typically involve minor fractures/dislocation at less vulnerable parts
of the body.

(b) Moderate: The injuries are of a more permanent nature and/or involve more
complex fractures/dislocation which necessitate some surgical procedures with
a moderate period of hospitalisation and/or medical leave.

(c) Serious: The injuries are of a very serious or permanent nature and/or
necessitate significant surgical procedures. The victim’s daily living is
usually permanently and severely affected. This includes injuries resulting in
loss of limb, sight, hearing, member or other major bodily functions or
paralysis.

88 In addition, there are two other factors which may contribute to the
severity of the harm caused, namely: (a) property damage; and (b) potential
harm. These factors are to be considered in tandem with the above descriptions
of each level of harm. I deal with each of these factors briefly.

89 The extent of property damage is an established sentencing factor. The
general rule as noted in Wu Zhi Yong at [36(b)], is that the amount of any
loss or damage may serve as a proxy indicator of harm.

90 Potential harm that might have resulted is also a relevant factor going
towards harm. However, I must highlight the pertinent observations by Menon CJ
in Logachev at [38], where he noted that the categorisation of the relevant
sentencing considerations is simply intended to provide a convenient framework
for identifying and analysing such sentencing considerations as may arise.
Consequently, not too much should be made of the labels used, and the
categories may not always be watertight. For instance, where circumstances
arise which call for the offender to exercise special care such as when he is
driving through a school zone and the offender fails to do so, this has been
treated as an offence-specific factor going towards the offender’s culpability
(see below at [94]). Yet, in some situations it may also relate to the harm
caused by the offence in so far as it affects the likelihood of harm (ie,
potential harm). Ultimately, how a sentencing judge takes into account these
factors would turn on the precise facts of the case.

(2) Factors going to culpability

91 The Prosecution urges the court to adopt the three levels of culpability
and the corresponding functional definitions for each level as set out in
Cullen at [109]. However, to better reflect the requisite mental state for
offences under s 65 of the RTA, reference was made to “carelessness” as the
primary determinant of culpability for each level. The Prosecution’s proposed
working definitions thus read as follows: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PSS at [74].

(a) Low: Low level of carelessness, generally with no dangerous driving
behaviour exhibited. Typically, careless or inconsiderate in the manner of
driving like failing to give way when other road users have the right of way
or exhibiting poor control of vehicle.

(b) Moderate: Moderate level of carelessness with some manner of dangerous
driving behaviour. This may include swerving across lanes suddenly and without
warning, driving against the flow of traffic, weaving in and out of traffic,
speeding, beating of the red light, handphone driving, sleepy driving or
failing to use visual aids while driving, etc.

(c) High: High level of carelessness with serious manner of dangerous driving
behaviour. This may include several forms of dangerous driving behaviour
exhibited, dangerous driving behaviour exhibited over an extended distance of
driving or deliberate bad driving behaviour.

92 In response to these suggested working definitions, Ms Gopalan expressed
her concern that the descriptions for each level of culpability significantly
conflate the offences of careless or inconsiderate driving (in s 65 of the
RTA) with that of reckless or dangerous driving (in s 64 of the RTA). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

YACSS at [52].

I share the same concern. Invariably, there may in some cases be an overlap
between the two offences. For example, where an offender charged with careless
driving under s 65 of the RTA has exhibited some manner of dangerous driving
behaviour, I accept that this would necessarily constitute a culpability
enhancing factor for the s 65 offence. Nonetheless, this is far from saying
that the different levels of culpability in respect of a careless or
inconsiderate driving offence should primarily turn on the extent of dangerous
driving behaviour exhibited as the Prosecution appears to propose.

93 It is trite that the degree of culpability generally refers to the degree
of relative blameworthiness disclosed by an offender’s actions: see Tang Ling
Lee at [25]. In my judgment, for offences under s 65 of the RTA, this can be
measured based on the following factors: (a) circumstances which required the
offender to exercise extra care or consideration; (b) the manner of driving;
and (c) the offender’s conduct following the offence.

94 First, in assessing an offender’s culpability, due regard must be had to
circumstances surrounding the incident which call for the exercise of extra
care or consideration. Some examples of these circumstances include where the
offender drives: (a) within a school or residential zone; (b) a heavy vehicle
that is more difficult to control and requires a quicker reaction time; or (c)
in poor road conditions (eg, heavy rain or heavy traffic).

95 Second, the offender’s manner of driving is also a relevant factor going to
culpability. Under this factor, it is apposite to consider any dangerous
driving behaviour exhibited by the offender. This would include, for example,
driving against the flow of traffic, speeding, sleepy driving, drink-driving,
driving while under the influence of drugs, driving while using a mobile
phone, flouting traffic rules, or “hell-riding” situations: see Tang Ling Lee
at [28]. In addition, considerations pertaining to the duration of the
offender’s inattention (eg, momentary or prolonged/sustained), the
avoidability of the offender’s distraction or the reasonableness of the
offender’s misjudgment are also relevant.

96 Third, the offender’s conduct following the commission of the offence is
also relevant. In particular, it has been said that an offender’s conduct that
is “belligerent or violent” upon arrest would constitute an aggravating
factor: see Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v Public Prosecutor [2013] 4 SLR 1139 (“Suse
Nathen”) at [32]. In a similar vein, where the offender fails to stop in an
attempt to evade arrest or to avoid apprehension by the authorities, this
should also weigh against him: see Public Prosecutor v Lee Meng Soon [2007] 4
SLR(R) 240 at [33].

97 To afford sentencing judges with more flexibility in the exercise of their
sentencing discretion, I decline at this stage to provide a working definition
for the different levels of culpability to avoid being overly prescriptive. In
any event, I have some doubt as to the utility of any attempt to condense the
wide range of factors into a working definition that would accurately capture
the diverse factual circumstances in which the offence may occur. Accordingly,
I shall leave the proper categorisation of an offender’s level of culpability
in each case to be determined by the sentencing court after an assessment and
weighing of the various factors discussed above.

The second step: Identifying the applicable indicative sentencing range in the
sentencing matrix

98 Having regard to the entire sentencing range stipulated in s 65(3)(a) of
the RTA, I consider the following sentencing ranges to be appropriate in
situations where the offender has elected to claim trial:  

HarmCulpability| Low| Moderate| Serious  
---|---|---|---  
Low| Fine| Fine or up to 4 months’ imprisonment| Between 4 to 8 months’
imprisonment  
Moderate| Fine or up to 4 months’ imprisonment| Between 4 to 8 months’
imprisonment| Between 8 to 12 months’ imprisonment  
High| Between 4 to 8 months’ imprisonment| Between 8 to 12 months’
imprisonment| Between 12 to 24 months’ imprisonment  
  
99 Three points are worthy of note. First, it is important to bear in mind
that any term of imprisonment imposed may be accompanied by a fine of up to
$5,000, if appropriate. This is explicitly provided for in s 65(3)(a) of the
RTA. The sentencing judge should thus be alive to possibility of imposing such
a combination of punishments in order to properly take into account the full
sentencing range prescribed by Parliament.

100 The second point relates to the relationship between the two axes of harm
and culpability. The proposed sentencing matrix in the Prosecution’s Modified
Cullen framework prescribes lower and more flexible sentencing ranges in cases
where culpability is low, compared to cases where culpability is found to be
moderate or high. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PSS at [81].

This places more emphasis on culpability as compared to the harm caused by the
offence, translating to a sharper rate of increase of the sentencing ranges on
the culpability axis vis-à-vis the harm axis. To illustrate, where culpability
is low, the Prosecution’s proposed framework prescribes that fines may be
appropriate even where serious harm is caused, and where very serious harm is
caused the maximum indicative sentence is capped at eight months’
imprisonment. Where culpability is moderate, the starting point is two months’
imprisonment even where harm caused is low, increasing to an indicative
sentencing range of between 12 and 16 months’ imprisonment where very serious
harm is caused: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PSS at [81(a)] and [81(b)].

see Annex C.

101 The Prosecution suggests that this imbalance in emphasis is justified as
it may not be fair and proportionate in every case to prescribe substantial
sentences of imprisonment merely because the harm caused was moderate or
serious, given that such outcomes may be the unfortunate result of a minor
lapse of concentration or a misjudgment, and may be entirely attributable to
circumstances beyond the offender’s control. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PSS at [82(b)].

Ms Gopalan echoes this sentiment. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See generally, YACFSS at [39].

She further opines that harm caused is not the mischief with which s 65 of the
RTA is aimed at; instead, the mischief is in the manner of driving which
reflects a lack of care or consideration. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

YACFSS at [39(b)(i)].

102 To my mind, placing unequal emphasis on considerations of harm and
culpability in the context of offences under s 65 of the RTA is not supported
by Parliament’s intention. Indeed, Parliament has stressed the importance of
both factors and did not suggest that one factor should be given more weight
in the sentencing analysis than the other. This was underscored during the
Parliamentary Debate, where the Minister emphasised:

Besides looking at the circumstances of the offence, our enhanced approach
will also consider the level of harm caused. If the motorist causes more harm,
the level of punishment will be higher.

…

To summarise, we will enhance our overall approach to penalise irresponsible
driving depending on: (a) the circumstances of the offence – whether it
constitutes Dangerous Driving or Careless Driving; and (b) the level of harm
caused – whether they result in Death, Grievous Hurt, Hurt, or Endangering
Life.

103 Third, the proposed sentencing framework and the corresponding indicative
ranges set out above are concerned solely with s 65(3)(a) of the RTA.
Nonetheless, it bears emphasis that an offender facing a charge under s
65(3)(a) is liable not only to a fine and/or a term of imprisonment but also
to a disqualification order of at least five years pursuant to s 65(6)(d) of
the RTA (except where special reasons are found). As observed in Suse Nathen
at [13], a disqualification order combines three sentencing objectives:
punishment, protection of the public and deterrence. Thus, where an offence
reflects a blatant disregard for the safety of other road users and a lack of
personal responsibility, there is a public interest in taking such a driver
off the roads for a substantial period of time. The duration of the
disqualification order should therefore increase in tandem with the severity
of the offence, whether or not it is also accompanied by a substantial fine or
period of imprisonment: see Suse Nathen at [14].

The third step: Identify the appropriate starting point within the indicative
sentencing range

104 Following the identification of the indicative sentencing range at the
second step, the third step is for the court to identify the appropriate
starting point within that range. Once again, this is to be informed by the
level of harm caused by the offence and the level of the offender’s
culpability.

The fourth step: Make adjustments to the starting point to take into account
offender-specific factors

105 The usual gamut of offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors
established in case law apply to same effect: see Terence Ng at [62]–[71]. A
non-exhaustive list of these factors can be summarised as follows:

Offender-specific factors  
---  
Aggravating factors (1) Offences taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing (2) Relevant antecedents(3) Evident lack of remorse| Mitigating
factors(1) A guilty plea(2) Voluntary compensation (3) Co-operation with the
authorities  
  
106 One point to note is that an offender’s relevant antecedents may largely
be factored into the choice of punishment provision as the current RTA
provides for stiffer punishment ranges where an offender is a “repeat
offender” or “serious repeat offender” as defined in s 64(8).

107 Further, it is also possible for an adjustment to be made taking an
offender out of the indicative sentencing range, although where this is done,
the court should set out clear and coherent reasons for any such departure:
see Logachev at [80]; Terence Ng at [62].

The fifth step: Make further adjustments to take into account the totality
principle

108 This fifth step is relevant only where an offender is faced with multiple
charges. It requires the court to consider the need to make further
adjustments to the individual sentences for each charge to take into account
the totality principle. The totality principle has been expressed in Mohamed
Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 at [54] and [57] as
comprising two limbs. The first limb examines whether the aggregate sentence
is substantially above the normal level of sentences for the most serious of
the individual offences committed. The second limb considers whether the
effect of the sentence on the offender is crushing and not in keeping with his
past record and his future prospects.

Application to the facts

109 In light of the sentencing framework developed above, I now turn to
examine whether the sentence of six months’ imprisonment imposed by the DJ in
the present case was manifestly excessive.

The first step

110 As mentioned at [84] above, the first step is to have regard to the
offence-specific factors and identify the level of harm caused by the offence
and the level of the offender’s culpability.

Level of harm caused by the appellant’s offence

111 In the court below, the DJ assessed the harm caused to be “very serious”.
Based on the revised levels of harm proposed, I find that the harm caused in
the present case is “serious”. I am unimpressed by the appellant’s submission
that the harm caused should be regarded as falling within the range of “low”
to “moderate” harm despite none of the medical reports indicating that the
first victim suffered permanent injury or that she would suffer a permanent
loss in her quality of life. Moreover, I am of the opinion that the mere fact
of her being moved from the ICU to the acute care wards did not demonstrate
that her condition had improved to any significant extent. It is
uncontroverted that the first victim suffered extensive and debilitating
injuries extending to vulnerable parts of her body (see [7] above). While
admitted at TTSH, she underwent multiple surgical procedures and her course in
the ICU was described as being “very stormy”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NNI MR, ROP p 67.

At the time she was medically repatriated to Malaysia in January 2021, she was
assessed to be unresponsive, unable to obey commands and unable to speak or
communicate. The extent and severity of her injuries taken together with the
damage to the two victims’ vehicles lead to the inescapable conclusion that
the level of harm caused in the present case should be classified as
“serious”.

Level of appellant’s culpability

112 The DJ also found that the offender’s culpability fell within the higher
range of “low”. He considered that the appellant was travelling on an
expressway in moderate to heavy traffic and despite this he drove at some
speed 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

GD at [29(a)], ROP pp 56–57.

relative to the other vehicles that were travelling slowly on the other lanes.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

GD at [28(a)], ROP p 56.

It was notable that the appellant did so notwithstanding that he was not
travelling in an overtaking lane. Further, the appellant had failed to brake
even on collision with the first victim’s motorcycle. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

GD at [28(b)], ROP p 56.

113 As a preliminary point, I should add that at the hearing before me, the
Prosecution invited the court to review the in-car camera footage obtained
from a neighbouring vehicle which recorded the accident. After having viewed
the footage, it was pointed out to the Prosecution that the appellant had in
fact engaged his brakes moments before the collision with the first victim’s
motorcycle. The Prosecution conceded this after reviewing the footage again.
On the basis of the Prosecution’s concession and my own observations from the
footage, I find that it was wrong for the DJ to conclude that the appellant
had failed to brake prior to the collision.

114 Nevertheless, I accept the DJ’s observation that the appellant was driving
at a speed that was relatively higher than the vehicles travelling alongside
him at the time. The footage recorded the appellant’s brake lights lighting up
only momentarily in the seconds before the collision. Despite the appellant’s
last-minute attempt at braking, he was unable to slow down sufficiently in
order to avoid the collision, indicating that he was travelling at such a
speed that left him scarcely enough time to brake. Moreover, immediately after
the collision, the appellant can be seen disengaging his brakes and losing
control of his motor car, swerving right and colliding into the rear of the
second victim’s motor car. Due to the heavy traffic conditions, the appellant
should have exercised more care in regulating his speed of travel to ensure
that he had adequate response time to react to any unexpected situations.
Therefore, I find that there is no reason to disturb the DJ’s finding that the
appellant’s culpability fell on the higher end of “low”.

The second step

115 At the second step, the court is to identify the applicable indicative
sentencing range taking into account the level of harm and culpability
established at the first step. Based on the matrix set out at [98] above, the
applicable indicative sentencing range would be between four to eight months’
imprisonment.

The third step

116 The third step requires the identification of the appropriate starting
point within the indicative sentencing range. I agree with the DJ that the
appellant’s sentence should fall at the higher end of the indicative
sentencing range (ie, around eight months’ imprisonment) for the reasons
canvassed above at [111] to [114].

The fourth step

117 At the fourth step, adjustments should be made to the starting point where
necessary to take into account the offender-specific factors listed at [105]
above. The DJ properly took into account the appellant’s plea of guilt.
However, I should add that the appellant’s clean driving record is no more
than a neutral factor in the sentencing analysis.

118 The DJ was similarly right to place no weight on the appellant’s
submission that his imprisonment would cause hardship to his family. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

GD at [51], ROP p 64.

In Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R)
601 at [98], the Court of Appeal stated that “in the absence of very
exceptional or extreme circumstances, little, if any, weight should be
attached to the fact that the accused’s family will suffer if the accused is
imprisoned for a substantial period of time.”

119 I am of the view that the DJ’s decision to calibrate the appellant’s
sentence downwards to six months’ imprisonment taking into account his plea of
guilt cannot be faulted.

The fifth step

120 It is unnecessary for me to consider the totality principle in the present
case as the appellant only faces one charge.

121 In my judgment, the sentence of six months’ imprisonment imposed by the DJ
for the s 65(3)(a) charge was not manifestly excessive. For completeness, I
also find that the minimum disqualification order of five years was
appropriate on the facts.

Conclusion

122 For the reasons above, I dismiss the appellant’s appeal against sentence.
It is always a Herculean task to set out a comprehensive sentencing framework
for any particular offence. But it has been made easier in this case, in no
small part due to the assistance rendered by the parties and Ms Gopalan, to
whom I record my gratitude.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Nirmal Singh s/o Fauja Singh (CrossBorders LLC) for the appellant;

Ryan Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent;

Thara Rubini Gopalan (TSMP Law Corporation) as young amicus curiae.

Annex A: Cullen framework

HarmCulpability| Low| Medium| Serious| Very Serious  
---|---|---|---|---  
Low| Fine of between $2,500–$5,000| Up to 3 months’ imprisonment| 3–6 months’
imprisonment| 6–9 months’ imprisonment  
Moderate| Up to 3 months’ imprisonment| 3–6 months’ imprisonment| 6–9 months’
imprisonment| 9–12 months’ imprisonment  
High| 3–6 months’ imprisonment| 6–9 months’ imprisonment| 9–12 months’
imprisonment| 12–24 months’ imprisonment  
  
Annex B: Appellant’s proposed sentencing bands

Band| Offence-specific factors| Indicative sentencing range  
---|---|---  
1| Grievous hurt involved would pertain to fractures/dislocation with no or no significant permanent impairment. This is often reflected in the victim having undergone a relatively brief duration of hospitalisation and medical leave (or none at all) and minimal surgical procedures (if any). Culpability increasing factors would either be absent altogether or present only to a limited extent. | Fine between $1,000 and $5,000 and the minimum period of disqualification of 5 years.  
2| Grievous hurt involved would be more serious or permanent in nature and/or necessitate significant surgical procedures. It would typically involve complex fractures/dislocation (including open or multiple fractures) and/or permanent disfiguration of the head or face. This would usually result in significant permanent impairment and/or inability to pursue daily living independently. This band would usually cover cases where: (a) the seriousness of the hurt is low but the culpability is moderate to high; or (b) the seriousness of the hurt is high but the culpability remains low. | 1 to 2 weeks’ imprisonment and the minimum period of disqualification of 5 years.  
3| This would cover the most serious road traffic cases of grievous hurt resulting in the loss of limb, sight, hearing, member or life or other major bodily functions or paralysis. A high degree of culpability with multiple aggravating factors. | More than 2 weeks’ imprisonment and the minimum period of disqualification of 5 years.  
  
Annex C: Prosecution’s proposed modified Cullen framework

HarmCulpability| Low| Medium| Serious| Very Serious  
---|---|---|---|---  
Low| Fine| Fine or up to 2 months’ imprisonment| Fine or up to 4 months’
imprisonment| 4–8 months’ imprisonment  
Moderate| 2–4 months’ imprisonment| 4–8 months’ imprisonment| 8–12 months’
imprisonment| 12–16 months’ imprisonment  
High| 4–6 months’ imprisonment| 6–12 months’ imprisonment| 12–18 months’
imprisonment| 18–24 months’ imprisonment  
  
Annex D: Young amicus curiae’s proposed sentencing bands

Band| Offence-specific factors| Indicative sentencing range  
---|---|---  
1| Low level of seriousness(No offence-specific aggravating factors present, or where they are present to a limited extent) | Fine of up to $5,000 and/or up to one month’s imprisonment and a disqualification period of 5 years   
2| Moderate level of seriousness (2 or more offence-specific aggravating factors) | Between one month and one year’s imprisonment and a disqualification period of 5-6 years  
3| High level of seriousness(Multiple offence-specific aggravating factors) | Between one year’s and two years’ imprisonment and a disqualification period of 6 to 7 years  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Jul 2022 (11:57 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

