Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 178

Tribunal Appeal No 8 of 2021

Between

| MTM Ship Management Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Devaswarupa  
---|---  
(2)| V Bharathy  
(3)| G Darshita  
(4)| Gainady Lokansh  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Employment Law — Commissioner for Labour — Right of appeal on substantial
question of law]

[Employment Law — Work Injury Compensation Act — Compensation for death of
seafarer following shipboard accident — Whether private settlement reached by
seafarer’s dependants with employer is a bar to receiving compensation —
Whether Commissioner for Labour is empowered to take into account private
settlement]

[Admiralty and Shipping — Merchant Shipping (Maritime Labour Convention) Act
2014 — Compensation for death of seafarer — Interaction with Work Injury
Compensation Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
MTM Ship Management Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Devaswarupa and others

[2022] SGHC 178

General Division of the High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 8 of 2021  
S Mohan J  
17 March, 28 April 2022

27 July 2022

S Mohan J:

1 The Work Injury Compensation Act (“WICA”) (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WICA
2009”) and its successor, the Work Injury Compensation Act 2019 (Act 27 of
2019) (“WICA 2019”), are statutory regimes for obtaining compensation for
workplace injuries. The WICA regime provides an “alternative remedy” to common
law damages: Pang Chen Suan v Commissioner for Labour [2008] 3 SLR 648 (“Pang
Chen Suan”) at [23]. To this end, s 33(1) of the WICA 2009 and s 63(1) of the
WICA 2019 expressly limit an employee’s right to recover compensation, if the
employee has already recovered damages in a court of law or has instituted an
action to do so. Does the WICA regime, however, similarly bar an employee from
recovering compensation where that employee has received a payment from his
employer pursuant to a private settlement between him and his employer (a
“settlement payment”) in respect of the same injury? And if there is no bar,
does the Commissioner for Labour (the “Commissioner”) have the power to take
into account such a settlement payment when assessing the sum of compensation
payable by the employer? Further, what (if any) is the interplay between the
WICA regime and other legislation such as the Merchant Shipping (Maritime
Labour Convention) Act 2014 (Act 6 of 2014) (the “MLCA 2014”), where a
settlement payment involving death benefits is concerned?

2 These were among the interesting questions that arose in HC/TA 8/2021, which
concerned an appeal by the applicant, MTM Ship Management Pte Ltd, against the
Commissioner’s decision to order the applicant to pay compensation to the
respondents, despite the applicant having previously made a settlement payment
to the first and second respondents. Given the novelty and importance of the
issues involved, Ms Tan Tian Hui was appointed as young amicus curiae (the
“amicus”) to assist the court.

3 Having carefully considered the evidence before me, as well as the arguments
advanced by the parties and the amicus, I allowed the appeal and delivered
brief oral grounds on 28 April 2022. I now provide the full grounds of my
decision.

Facts

4 The applicant was at all material times, the manager of the vessel
“STRATEGIC EQUITY” (the “Vessel”) and, for the purposes of the WICA 2009, the
employer of Mr Gainady Ajay Bhavani Prasad (“Mr Gainady”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st affidavit of Chinnagiriayappa Hanumantharayappa Bindupriyadarshini dated
28 April 2021 (“CHB-1”), paras 6–7.

5 The respondents are the next-of-kin of Mr Gainady. The first and second
respondents are respectively Mr Gainady’s wife and mother, while the third and
fourth respondents are Mr Gainady’s children. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CHB-1, para 8.

All the respondents are domiciled in India. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

CHB-1, paras 54–55.

The accident and the settlement payment

6 Shortly before midnight on 13 August 2020, Mr Gainady met with an
unfortunate and tragic accident at the port of Rosario, Argentina while
serving onboard the Vessel. Briefly, the Vessel was berthed at a loading
terminal and about to commence loading a cargo of wheat. At the material time,
Mr Gainady was at the forward section of the Vessel assisting to free a
mooring rope that had become stuck between the Vessel and a fender at the
loading berth. As the mooring rope was being heaved up, it suddenly came free,
projected rapidly towards the Vessel and struck Mr Gainady in the face and
chest with force. Mr Gainady passed away shortly after on 14 August 2020. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CHB-1, paras 9–11.

7 Prior to the accident, Mr Gainady had, by way of a next-of-kin declaration,
nominated and declared the first and second respondents as his beneficiaries
in equal proportions. Accordingly, any compensation arising from Mr Gainady’s
death was to be payable to the first and second respondents in the proportion
of 50:50. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CHB-1, para 14.

8 Pursuant to the terms of Mr Gainady’s employment contract, which
incorporated a Memorandum of Collective Agreement between the applicant and
the Singapore Organisation of Seamen (the “SOS CBA”), 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CHB-1, Tab 1 p 29.

the applicant approached the first and second respondents to provide
compensation for Mr Gainady’s death. Under Appendix IV to the SOS CBA, the
applicant was obliged to provide compensation in the sum of US$144,000 in the
event of the death of any seaman. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CHB-1, para 15.

This sum represented the amount the applicant was required, under the SOS CBA,
to maintain by way of personal accident insurance coverage for seamen to whom
the SOS CBA applied. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CHB-1, Tab 2 pp 43–44, cl 27.1.

Accordingly, the applicant agreed to pay the first and second respondents each
the equivalent sum of US$72,000 in Indian Rupees. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CHB-1, para 15.

This payment was duly made by the applicant to the first and second
respondents, who each received a sum of INR 5,266,080, being the Indian Rupee
equivalent of US$72,000 at a conversion rate of US$1 = INR 73.14. The
applicant therefore paid out a total sum of INR 10,532,160 to the first and
second respondents (the “Settlement Sum”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CHB-1, para 16.

9 Following receipt of the Settlement Sum, the first and second respondents
executed a document titled “Deed of Receipt, Release, Discharge & Indemnity
Agreement” on 28 September 2020 (the “Deed”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CHB-1, para 16; CHB-1, Tab 3 p 60.

Under the Deed, the first and second respondents confirmed, inter alia, that
they had received the Settlement Sum and that in consideration of the
Settlement Sum, they did not have “any claims or demands whatsoever against
the [applicant]”, and the applicant was “fully and absolutely released and
forever discharged from any further payment of any and all compensation …
whether arising now or in the future or whether in Contract, or in Tort, or
any other Law”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CHB-1, Tab 3 p 68 para 3.

In addition, the first and second respondents also each signed a receipt
acknowledging the payment of the Settlement Sum as “full and final payment,
settlement and discharge” of any and all claims for compensation. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CHB-1, Tab 4 pp 74–75.

The claim under the WICA 2009

10 On 26 November 2020, the respondents lodged a claim with the Commissioner
under the WICA 2009, claiming compensation for the death of Mr Gainady. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Grounds of Decision issued on 24 June 2021 (“GD”), para 5 (Record of
Proceedings (“ROP”) p 9).

On 23 December 2020, the Commissioner issued a notice of assessment of
compensation to the applicant and the respondents (the “Notice of
Assessment”), stating that the respondents had a valid claim for compensation,
and that the amount of compensation payable by the applicant (and to be
apportioned to the respondents) had been assessed to be S$95,230. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD, para 6 (ROP p 10); Affidavit of Devaswarupa dated 6 January 2022 (“DS-1”),
Annexure 2.

This compensation sum was calculated on the basis that Mr Gainady’s average
monthly earnings amounted to S$890. Further, the Notice of Assessment stated
that any objections had to be raised within 14 days from the date it was
served, failing which the applicant would be obliged to pay the stated
compensation sum of S$95,230. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DS-1, Annexure 2.

11 The Notice of Assessment was received by the first respondent on 5 February
2021. On 9 February 2021, the first respondent raised an objection to the
Notice of Assessment on the ground that the Commissioner’s assessment was
erroneous because Mr Gainady’s average monthly earnings were higher than
S$890. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

GD, para 7 (ROP p 10); DS-1, Annexure 3 (E-mail sent by Ms Devaswarupa on 9
February 2021 at 12.27am).

This objection was accepted by the Commissioner, and the applicant
subsequently informed the Commissioner on 11 February 2021 that Mr Gainady’s
correct average monthly earnings amounted to S$1,782.28. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

GD, paras 7 and 10 (ROP p 10).

At that point in time, no objections were raised by the applicant to the
Notice of Assessment, nor did the applicant inform the Commissioner of the
payment of the Settlement Sum to the first and second respondents.
Accordingly, on 4 March 2021 at around 3.18pm, Assistant Commissioner Jason
Loh Chee Boon (“Assistant Commissioner Loh”) issued a Certificate of Order
ordering the applicant to pay the respondents compensation amounting to
S$190,703.96 (the “Certificate of Order”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD, para 11 (ROP p 10).

This sum was calculated based on Mr Gainady’s revised average monthly earnings
of S$1,782.28. Further, on the same day at around 3.30pm, an officer from the
Ministry of Manpower, Mr Damien Lim (“Mr Lim”), sent an e-mail to the parties
stating that the Certificate of Order had been issued and that they would
receive a copy of the Certificate of Order soon. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

GD, para 12 (ROP p 11).

12 At around 4.24pm, the applicant replied to Mr Lim’s e-mail highlighting
that it had reached a settlement with the respondents pursuant to the SOS CBA,
and that the Settlement Sum had been paid to the first and second respondents.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CHB-1, Tab 5 p 83 (E-mail from Ms Bindu Priyadarshini sent on 4 March 2021 at
4.24pm).

The applicant was of the view that under the terms of the SOS CBA, it was only
required to top-up any difference between a settlement sum paid to the first
and second respondents and any sum of compensation that the applicant was
ordered to pay under the WICA 2009. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CHB-1, para 21.

The relevant provision in the SOS CBA is cl 27.4, which provides as follows:
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

CHB-1, Tab 2 pp 43–44.

27\. COMPENSATION FOR INJURY OR DEATH

…

(4) A seaman who receives compensation under the Work Injury Compensation Act
shall receive only the difference between the amount paid to him under the
Work Injury Compensation Act and the amount payable under Appendix IV to this
Agreement, if the latter amount is higher than the compensation assessed by
the Work Injury Compensation Department.

13 The Settlement Sum that had been paid to the first and second respondents
(ie, the equivalent of US$144,000 in Indian Rupees) exceeded the sum that the
applicant had been ordered to pay under the WICA 2009 (ie, approximately
US$139,213.89, being S$190,703.96 converted to US Dollars at the exchange rate
of S$1 = US$0.73). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions dated 3 February 2022 (“AWS”) para 73.

Accordingly, the applicant’s position was that pursuant to cl 27.4 of the SOS
CBA, it was not liable to pay any further sums to the respondents, and that
the Certificate of Order should be withdrawn. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CHB-1, Tab 5 pp 80–81 (E-mail from Ms Bindu Priyadarshini sent on 24 March
2021 at 11.55am).

14 The applicant’s e-mail to Mr Lim on 4 March 2021 at 4.24pm was the first
time that the applicant informed the Commissioner or the Ministry of Manpower
of the Settlement Sum or that it had been paid to the first and second
respondents. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

GD, para 13 (ROP p 11).

On 24 March 2021, Mr Lim replied to the applicant’s e-mail stating that the
Commissioner would not be withdrawing the Certificate of Order, as the
applicant had failed to object to the Notice of Assessment. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD, para 14 (ROP p 11); CHB-1, Tab 5 p 80.

15 On 30 March 2021, the applicant, by way of a letter from its solicitors
sent to the Ministry of Manpower, reiterated its request for the Certificate
of Order to be withdrawn. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

CHB-1, para 24; CHB-1, Tab 6 p 96.

However, as this was not granted, the applicant filed the present appeal on 1
April 2021, against the decision of the Commissioner as contained in the
Certificate of Order. The applicant sought, inter alia, (a) an order for the
Deed to be recorded as a settlement agreement and as an order under s 51 of
the WICA 2019; (b) alternatively, a declaration that the applicant is
discharged from its obligation to make payment under the Certificate of Order;
or (c) alternatively, for the Certificate of Order to be set aside. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Originating Summons in HC/TA 8/2021.

Assistant Commissioner Loh’s grounds of decision

16 In the grounds of decision issued on 24 June 2021 (“GD”), Assistant
Commissioner Loh first observed that the applicable legislation in the present
case should be the now-repealed WICA 2009, rather than the WICA 2019. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

GD, para 5 (ROP p 9).

He then detailed why he had refused to set aside the Certificate of Order.
First, he noted that there was no express provision under the WICA 2009 that
allowed him to do so. Neither was there any clerical or arithmetical mistake
that would have allowed him to make an addition or alteration to the
Certificate of Order, in exercise of his powers under reg 11(2)(c) of the Work
Injury Compensation Regulations (2010 Rev Ed). Accordingly, once the
Certificate of Order had been issued, the Assistant Commissioner was functus
officio and could not revise or set aside his orders. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

GD, para 16 (ROP p 12).

17 Second, Assistant Commissioner Loh observed that he was required under s
25(2) of the WICA 2009 to disregard the objection raised by the applicant (ie,
that the Certificate of Order should be withdrawn as the Settlement Sum had
been paid to the first and second respondents). Section 25 of the WICA 2009
provides that:

Objection to notice of assessment

25.—(1) If any employer or person claiming compensation objects to any notice
of assessment of compensation issued by the Commissioner under section 24(2),
he shall, within a period of 14 days after the service of the notice of
assessment (or such longer period as the Commissioner may, in his discretion,
allow in any particular case), give notice of his objection in the prescribed
form and manner to the Commissioner stating precisely the grounds of his
objection.

(2) The Commissioner shall disregard any ground of objection that is contained
in any notice of objection given outside of the period allowed for objections
under subsection (1).

[emphasis added]

18 The applicant had not raised the payment of the Settlement Sum as a ground
of objection within the 14-day period provided for under s 25(1) of the WICA
2009, although it had the opportunity to do so. Accordingly, Assistant
Commissioner Loh reasoned that he was “legally required” to disregard the
applicant’s belated objection. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

GD, para 17 (ROP p 12).

There was therefore no legal basis for him to rescind or set aside the
Certificate of Order. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

GD, para 18 (ROP p 12).

The parties’ cases

The applicant’s submissions

19 As a starting point, the applicant agreed with Assistant Commissioner Loh’s
observation that the applicable legislation in the present case should be the
WICA 2009, rather than the WICA 2019. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AWS para 67.

However, the applicant highlighted that although Assistant Commissioner Loh
had found the WICA 2009 to be the applicable legislation, the Certificate of
Order had in fact been issued under the WICA 2019. This was apparent from the
fact that the header on the Certificate of Order stated “Certificate of Order
made under the Work Injury Compensation Act 2019” [emphasis added]. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROP p 6.

The applicant contended that the Certificate of Order was thus “wholly
inconsistent with and contradicted by” Assistant Commissioner Loh’s GD. It was
therefore “fatally defective” and should be set aside. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AWS para 38 and 66.

20 Next, assuming that the WICA 2009 was the applicable legislation, the
applicant argued that the Commissioner had erred in refusing to withdraw the
Certificate of Order. Nr Ng Yuhui, counsel for the applicant, raised three
arguments in support of this position. First, he submitted that the
Commissioner was not functus officio after the issuance of the Certificate of
Order, as the Commissioner retained residual powers under ss 25A, 25B and 25C
of the WICA 2009 to set aside or vary the Certificate of Order, so long as it
was just to do so. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AWS para 50.

21 Second, Mr Ng submitted that the Commissioner had a discretion under s
25(1) of the WICA 2009 to consider objections made outside of the statutorily
prescribed period for raising objections to the Notice of Assessment. The
Commissioner was therefore not “legally required” to disregard the applicant’s
belated objection (see [18] above). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AWS para 51.

In any event, Mr Ng contended that the applicant had not been obliged to raise
the payment of the Settlement Sum as an objection to the Notice of Assessment.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AWS para 41.

Mr Ng further argued that since the applicant was only obliged to top-up any
difference between the Settlement Sum and any compensation it was ordered to
pay under the WICA 2009, pursuant to cl 27.4 of the SOS CBA (see [12] above),
it was required to wait until the Commissioner had made a finding on the sum
of compensation payable to the respondents under the WICA 2009, before it
could decide on whether it would make any further payment to the respondents.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AWS para 45.

22 The third argument was that upon considering the merits of the applicant’s
objection, the Commissioner should have, in exercise of his powers under s
9(1A)(b) or s 25B(5) of the WICA 2009, taken into account the Settlement Sum
paid to the first and second respondents when assessing the sum of
compensation payable by the applicant under the WICA 2009. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AWS para 76.

The applicant contended that the WICA 2009 serves a compensatory function, and
that the Commissioner should therefore not allow the respondents to obtain
double compensation. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AWS paras 75 and 77.

The Commissioner should have offset the Settlement Sum paid by the applicant
to the first and second respondents, against the sum that the applicant would
have otherwise been liable to pay under the WICA 2009. In the present case, as
the Settlement Sum exceeded the sum that the applicant had been assessed to be
liable for (see [13] above), the Commissioner should have ordered that no
further compensation was payable by the applicant to the respondents. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AWS para 75.

23 In the alternative, and assuming that the WICA 2019 was the relevant
legislation applicable to the present appeal, Mr Ng submitted that the
Certificate of Order should be set aside for reasons similar to those at
[20]–[22] above, with necessary modifications to refer to the relevant
provisions within the WICA 2019. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Minute sheet from HC/TA 8/2021 dated 17 March 2022 (“Minute Sheet”), p 3.

In addition, the Commissioner had erred by refusing to record the Deed as a
settlement under s 51(2)(a) of the WICA 2019, as the refusal to do so would
result in the applicant compensating the respondents twice over for the death
of Mr Gainady. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AWS para 60.

The first respondent’s submissions

24 The respondents were not legally represented, and the first respondent, Ms
Devaswarupa, raised various points on the respondents’ behalf. The first
respondent argued that Assistant Commissioner Loh was correct in refusing to
rescind the Certificate of Order, as the applicant had failed to raise any
objection to the Notice of Assessment within the stipulated 14-day period for
doing so. Moreover, despite the first respondent herself raising an objection
to the Notice of Assessment and the Commissioner subsequently corresponding
with the applicant to seek clarification on Mr Gainady’s average monthly
earnings (see [11] above), the applicant did not use the opportunity to raise
its objection. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DS-1, paras 3(b) and 3(e).

Accordingly, given the “gross negligence” on the applicant’s part, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DS-1, para 3(k).

the applicant should not be allowed to rescind the Certificate of Order.

25 Separately, the first respondent also alleged that the SOS CBA was not
applicable to the present case, and that the relevant agreement governing the
payment of settlement sums by the applicant to the first and second
respondents was instead an unsigned and undated document titled “ITF-IMEC IBF
International Collective Bargaining Agreement 2019-2022” (the “ITF CBA”). The
first respondent claimed that the SOS CBA had not been shown to her at the
time she signed the Deed, and that she had only seen the SOS CBA for the first
time after the issuance of the Certificate of Order. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DS-1, para 3(h).

According to the first respondent, a copy of the ITF CBA had been given to her
by Mr Gainady, shortly before he had started work onboard the Vessel. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Minute Sheet, p 4.

The first respondent submitted that the Settlement Sum should therefore have
been calculated based on the rates contained in the ITF CBA, rather than the
SOS CBA. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Minute Sheet, p 4.

Further, the first respondent highlighted that under the ITF CBA, there was no
restriction on her receiving a settlement payment from the applicant, and
claiming compensation under the WICA 2009. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DS-1, para 3(m).

The young amicus curiae’s submissions

26 As can be seen from the parties’ cases summarised above (specifically, [22]
above), one of the key issues in the present case was whether the Commissioner
is empowered to take into account settlement payments made by an employer to
an employee (or their dependants), when assessing the amount of compensation
payable under the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019. As this issue had not previously
arisen for consideration by our courts, and given its importance to, inter
alia, the maritime industry, the amicus was invited to address the court on
the following questions:

(a) Having regard to the statutory frameworks in the WICA 2009, the WICA 2019
and the MLCA 2014 for the payment of compensation in the event of a seafarer’s
death, should a settlement payment made by an employer to the seafarer’s next-
of-kin be regarded as payment of compensation under the MLCA 2014 regime? If
so, should such compensation be taken into account in determining the amount
of compensation payable under the WICA regime (be it the WICA 2009 or the WICA
2019)? I refer to these questions collectively as “Question 1”.

(b) If so, in what way and how should the settlement payment be taken into
account in assessing compensation under the WICA regime (“Question 2”)?

(c) If a settlement payment is not to be taken into account in determining the
amount of compensation payable under the WICA regime, should a settlement
payment made prior to the assessment of compensation stand as credit towards
payment of the compensation amount (“Question 3”)?

27 In respect of Question 1, the amicus submitted that a payment upon a
seafarer’s death to his next-of-kin, pursuant to the terms of the seafarer’s
employment contract, would ordinarily be regarded as a payment of compensation
under the MLCA 2014. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Young amicus curiae’s submissions (“YAC Submissions”) para 25.

The amicus observed that under ss 34(2)(b)(ii) and 34(3) of the MLCA 2014, a
shipowner is obliged to have in force a contract of insurance or other
financial security which is adequate to ensure that the shipowner will be able
to meet, among others, any liabilities to provide compensation in the event of
a seafarer’s death from occupational injury, including any liabilities to pay
compensation that arise under the seafarer’s employment agreement. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

YAC Submissions paras 21–22.

Further, the contract of insurance or other financial security taken out by
the shipowner must provide that the seafarer’s next-of-kin is a person
entitled to bring a claim for compensation in the event of the seafarer’s
death, pursuant to reg 5 of the Merchant Shipping (Maritime Labour Convention)
(Financial Security) Regulations 2017. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

YAC Submissions para 24.

Accordingly, a settlement payment made to a seafarer’s next-of-kin upon the
seafarer’s death, in satisfaction of the shipowner’s liability to pay
compensation under the seafarer’s employment contract, would ordinarily fall
within the scope of compensation payments contemplated by the MLCA 2014.

28 However, the amicus noted that the Commissioner is not obliged to take into
account such a settlement payment in assessing the amount of compensation
payable under the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019. In this regard, it was
highlighted by the amicus that there is no express provision in either statute
that requires the Commissioner to take settlement payments into account. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

YAC Submissions para 26.

While ss 20(e)–20(f) of the WICA 2009 and ss 67(2)–67(3) of the WICA 2019
provide that compensation received under the MLCA 2014 regime will reduce any
compensation payable under the WICA regime in some specified instances, the
payment of compensation for the death of a seaman is not one such instance. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

YAC Submissions para 27.

Neither is an employee who has received a settlement payment barred from
claiming compensation under the WICA regime. This is because settlement
payments do not fall within the ambit of s 33(1) of the WICA 2009 or s 63(1)
of the WICA 2019, which only apply to limit an employee’s right of action
under the WICA regime if he has instituted an action for damages or recovered
damages in any court from his employer. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

YAC Submissions para 45.

29 Nonetheless, turning to Questions 2 and 3, the amicus submitted that
settlement payments can and should be taken into account by the Commissioner
when assessing the sum of compensation to be paid under the WICA regime. At
the hearing before me, the amicus submitted that in respect of the WICA 2009,
the Commissioner has the power under s 9(1A)(b) to take into account
settlement payments when assessing the sum of compensation payable. In respect
of the WICA 2019, the amicus suggested that the Commissioner is similarly
empowered under s 51(2) to take into account a private settlement reached
between the employer and employee. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Minute Sheet, p 2.

30 Further, the amicus also argued that settlement payments should be taken
into account by the Commissioner as the underlying function of the WICA 2009
and the WICA 2019 is compensatory. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

YAC Submissions para 51.

By way of comparison, it was highlighted that where common law damages are
concerned, the principle of deductibility operates such that ex gratia
payments made by an employer-tortfeasor are ordinarily deductible from the sum
of damages otherwise payable to the employee. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

YAC Submissions para 66.

This is done to ensure that the employee is not over-compensated, and only
recovers the net loss arising from an injury suffered in the course of
employment. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

YAC Submissions para 55.

Given the compensatory function of the WICA regime, the amicus argued that the
principle of deductibility should similarly apply to an assessment of
compensation payable under the WICA. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

YAC Submissions para 54.

31 Finally, the amicus submitted that the public policy considerations that
underpin the principle of deductibility also apply to the WICA regime. As
observed in the English Court of Appeal decision of Williams v BOC Gases Ltd
[2000] All ER (D) 422, the principle of deductibility encourages employers “to
make benevolent payments in future to injured employees, rather than the
reverse” (at [32]). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

YAC Submissions para 76.

It was contended that this is also a relevant consideration under the WICA
regime and another reason why settlement payments should be taken into account
in assessing the compensation payable. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

YAC Submissions para 69.

32 Turning back to the present facts, the amicus concluded that the Settlement
Sum should have been taken into account by the Commissioner, and should stand
as credit towards the sum of compensation to be paid by the applicant to the
respondents under the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

YAC Submissions para 104.

Issues to be determined

33 Based on the arguments advanced, I considered that the following issues
arose for my determination:

(a) Does the applicant have a right of appeal against the Commissioner’s
decision (“Issue 1”)?

(b) Is the applicable legislation the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019 (“Issue 2”)?

(c) Should the Certificate of Order be set aside (“Issue 3”)?

Issue 1: Does the applicant have a right of appeal against the Commissioner’s
decision?

34 While neither party expressly made submissions on this point, I noted that
s 29(2A) of the WICA 2009 provides that no appeal shall lie against any order
of the Commissioner, unless a substantial question of law is involved in the
appeal and the amount in dispute is not less than S$1,000. Similarly, s 58(1)
of the WICA 2019 provides that an order for compensation made by the
Commissioner may only be appealed against if the appeal involves a substantial
question of law, and the order is for the refusal or payment of compensation
of S$1,000 or more.

35 Accordingly, regardless of whether the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019 was the
relevant applicable legislation, the applicant had to first fulfil the
threshold requirements of showing that (a) there was a substantial question of
law involved; and (b) the Certificate of Order was for payment of compensation
of a sum of at least S$1,000, in order to have a right of appeal against the
Commissioner’s decision. I therefore first considered whether these threshold
requirements had been met in this case.

36 In my judgment, it is clear that the second requirement did not pose an
issue on the present facts. The Certificate of Order directed the applicant to
make payment of S$190,703.96, a sum well in excess of S$1,000. As for the
remaining requirement that the appeal must involve a substantial question of
law, the test for what constitutes a “substantial question of law” was
summarised by Chan Seng Onn J in Arpah bte Sabar and others v Colex
Environmental Pte Ltd [2019] 5 SLR 509 at [17]–[18], as follows:

17 As for the substantial question of law, the courts have described the
following as constituting errors of law (Karuppiah Ravichandran v GDS
Engineering Pte Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1028 (‘Karuppiah’) at [13], also cited in
Pang Chew Kim v Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd [2012] 1 SLR 15 (‘Pang Chew Kim’)
at [20]):

Errors of law include misinterpretation of a statute or any other legal
document or a rule of common law; asking oneself and answering the wrong
question, taking irrelevant considerations into account or failing to take
relevant considerations into account when purporting to apply the law to the
facts; admitting inadmissible evidence or rejecting admissible and relevant
evidence; exercising a discretion on the basis of incorrect legal principles;
giving reasons which disclose faulty legal reasoning or which are inadequate
to fulfil an express duty to give reasons, and misdirecting oneself as to the
burden of proof. [emphasis added]

18 In addition, ‘a factual finding which was such that “no person acting
judicially and properly instructed as to the relevant law could have come to
the determination upon appeal” amount[s] to a misconception or error in point
of law’ (Pang Chew Kim at [20]). These must be ‘findings that no person would
have come to if he had applied the law properly. It does not mean that every
manifestly wrong finding of fact amounts to an error of law’ (Karuppiah at
[16]).

37 In addition, I noted that a brief survey of the case law suggests that the
requirement of a “substantial question of law” is also fulfilled where novel
issues of statutory interpretation are present. For instance, in Pang Chew Kim
(next of kin of Poon Wai Tong, deceased) v Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd and
another [2012] 1 SLR 15, Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) found that the
issues on appeal raised substantial questions of law, partly because the
issues to be determined involved a statutory interpretation of s 3(1) of the
WICA 2009 – specifically, the meaning to be ascribed to the terms “accident”
and “course of employment” (at [21]). Likewise, in Kee Yau Chong v S H
Interdeco Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 189, George Wei JC (as he then was) considered
that the appeal involved a substantial question of law, as one of the main
points in contention pertained to how the terms “accident” and “arising out of
and in the course of employment” under ss 3(1) and 3(6) of the WICA 2009
should be interpreted (at [19]).

38 The present case involved, among others, the question of whether the
Commissioner has the power under the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019 to take into
account settlement payments made by an employer to an employee when assessing
the amount of compensation payable by the employer. As noted above at [26],
this was an important question that necessarily involved questions of
statutory interpretation. In the circumstances, I was satisfied that a
substantial question of law arose on the present facts, and that the applicant
was entitled to appeal against the decision of the Commissioner.

Issue 2: Is the applicable legislation the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019?

39 The next issue that arose for my determination was whether the applicable
legislation in the present case should be the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019. In
my view, it was clear that the applicable legislation is the WICA 2009, and
not the WICA 2019. Section 84(2) of the WICA 2019 provides as follows:

Repeal and saving and transitional provisions

84.— …

(2) … the [WICA 2009] continues to apply, as if [the WICA 2019] had not been
enacted, to any personal injury caused by an accident to an employee, or
disease contracted by an employee, if the date of the accident for that
personal injury or disease is before the date of commencement of this section.

Section 84(2) of the WICA 2019 came into force on 1 September 2020. In the
present case, the accident that resulted in Mr Gainady’s death occurred on 13
August 2020 (see [6] above). Accordingly, I agreed with Assistant Commissioner
Loh that pursuant to s 84(2) of the WICA 2019, the WICA 2009 continues to
apply to the present case. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

GD, para 5 (ROP p 9).

40 It therefore followed that the reference to the WICA 2019 on the header of
the Certificate of Order (see [19] above) was erroneous. Nonetheless, I
disagreed with the applicant that this error rendered the Certificate of Order
“fatally defective”, such that it should necessarily be set aside on that
basis alone. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AWS para 38.

First, the cover letter from the Ministry of Manpower enclosing the
Certificate of Order referred to the “Work Injury Compensation Act”, rather
than the “Work Injury Compensation Act 2019”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ROP p 4.

Moreover, Assistant Commissioner Loh expressly stated in his GD that he had
proceeded on the basis that the WICA 2009 was the applicable legislation,
rather than the WICA 2019. In the circumstances, it appeared to me that the
reference to the WICA 2019 in the header of the Certificate of Order was more
likely to have been a clerical error, which did not affect the Commissioner’s
decision in any material way. The objective evidence did not suggest, for
instance, that Assistant Commissioner Loh had sought to issue the Certificate
of Order in an exercise of his powers under the WICA 2019 rather than the WICA
2009, or that he had been under any misapprehension as to the powers available
to him.

41 In a similar vein, I disagreed with the applicant that it had been
prejudiced because of the purported issuance of the Certificate of Order under
the WICA 2019. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AWS para 69.

While the applicant may have commenced the present appeal under s 58 of the
WICA 2019, the applicant was clearly prepared to mount alternative arguments
depending on whether I considered the WICA 2009 or the WICA 2019 to be the
applicable legislation, as is evident from the summary of its case at
[19]–[23] above. In any case, the applicant ultimately aligned itself with
Assistant Commissioner Loh’s conclusion that the WICA 2009 was the applicable
legislation. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AWS para 67.

Accordingly, while the Certificate of Order erroneously referred to the WICA
2019, I did not consider this error to be material or fatal for the purposes
of this appeal, and I was not prepared to set aside the Certificate of Order
because of this technicality.

Issue 3: Should the Certificate of Order be set aside?

Whether the Commissioner was functus officio after the issuance of the
Certificate of Order

42 With the preliminary issues out of the way, I then turned to consider the
main issue in this appeal, which was whether the Commissioner had erred in
refusing to take into account the applicant’s belated objection. As noted
above at [16], Assistant Commissioner Loh found that he was functus officio
after the issuance of the Certificate of Order, such that he did not retain
any residual powers to set aside or rescind the Certificate of Order. In my
view, the Assistant Commissioner was entirely correct to reach this
conclusion. I elaborate below.

43 First, contrary to the applicant’s submission, ss 25A, 25B and 25C of the
WICA 2009 do not confer upon the Commissioner residual powers to rescind or
vary an order of compensation once such an order has been made. For ease of
reference, the provisions that the applicant relied on are reproduced below:
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AWS para 48.

Power to make orders and give directions for determination of claim

25A.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the Commissioner may, at any
time after a claim for compensation has been made under section 11, make such
order or give such direction as he thinks fit, including the direction for any
person in relation to the claim to appear before him, for the determination of
the claim.

…

(4) Any order or direction made or given against any person who does not
appear before the Commissioner when directed to do so under subsection (1) may
be set aside or varied by the Commissioner on such terms as he thinks just.

Pre-hearing conferences to be held when directed by Commissioner

25B.— …

(2) At the pre-hearing conference, the Commissioner may consider any matter
including the possibility of settlement of all or any of the issues for the
hearing and require the parties to furnish the Commissioner with any such
information and document as he thinks fit, and may also give all such
directions as appear to be necessary or desirable for the determination of any
issue for hearing.

(3) If any party defaults in complying with any such directions as may be
given by the Commissioner under subsection (2), the Commissioner may, either
in his own discretion or upon the application of any party, make a decision
concerning the claim and in pursuance of that decision, make such order for
payment of compensation as he thinks just.

(4) Any order made under subsection (3) may be set aside or varied by the
Commissioner, on the application of any party, on such terms, if any, as he
thinks just.

…

Failure to appear of one or more parties

25C.— …

(2) An order made by the Commissioner in the absence of a party concerned or
affected by the order may be set aside or varied by the Commissioner, on the
application of that party, on such terms as he thinks just.

44 Based on the plain wording of the above provisions, it is clear that none
of these provisions contemplates a situation where one party seeks to set
aside or vary a compensation order because of its own failure to raise an
objection within the statutorily prescribed timelines. Under s 25A(4), the
Commissioner has the power to “set aside or var[y]” any order or direction
that is made against a person who fails to appear before the Commissioner,
when directed to do so under s 25A(1). Section 25B(4) grants the Commissioner
the power to set aside or vary any compensation order that is made after a
party defaults in complying with directions given at a pre-hearing conference.
Lastly, s 25C(2) permits the Commissioner to set aside or vary an order made
in the absence of a party concerned or affected by the order. It was apparent
to me that none of these provisions applied to the present factual matrix. I
therefore rejected the applicant’s argument that ss 25A, 25B and 25C of the
WICA 2009 conferred residual powers upon the Commissioner to set aside or vary
the Certificate of Order, such that he was not functus officio after its
issuance.

45 Next, I agreed with Assistant Commissioner Loh that he was “legally
required” to disregard the applicant’s belated objection. In the present case,
the Notice of Assessment expressly stated the Commissioner’s directions that
“[t]he party who wishes to dispute this assessment must give notice of his
objection to me using the attached prescribed form , stating PRECISELY all
ground(s) of objection WITHIN 14 DAYS from the date of this Notice. … Any
ground of objection received outside this 14-day period shall be disregarded”.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DS-1, Annexure 2.

This was in line with s 25(1) of the WICA 2009 (reproduced at [17] above),
which provides that an employer or person claiming compensation “shall” give
notice of his objection within 14 days after the service of the notice of
assessment, or “such longer period as the Commissioner may, in his discretion,
allow”.

46 It was not disputed that the applicant did not raise an objection to the
Notice of Assessment during the 14-day period prescribed under s 25(1) of the
WICA 2009, which was stipulated in the Notice of Assessment. While the
Commissioner has a discretion under s 25(1) to extend the period for raising
objections to the Notice of Assessment, s 25(2) makes clear that this
discretion is not without limits. Section 25(2) provides that the Commissioner
shall disregard any objections raised “outside of the period allowed for
objections under subsection (1)”. In my view, the word “shall” means that once
the period for raising objections has lapsed and a Certificate of Order is
issued, the Commissioner no longer possesses any discretion to extend the
period for raising objections, or to consider late objections. In the present
case, by the time the applicant raised its objection to the Notice of
Assessment on 4 March 2021 at 4.24pm, it is clear that the period for raising
objections had by then already lapsed and that the Commissioner had issued the
Certificate of Order (see [11]–[12] above). I therefore disagreed with the
applicant that the power under s 25(1) to consider late objections remained
available to the Commissioner at that point in time. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AWS para 51.

Instead, the objection raised by the applicant was one that had been made
outside the time permitted by the Commissioner for raising objections.
Pursuant to s 25(2) of the WICA 2009, the Commissioner was therefore required
to disregard the applicant’s objection, and Assistant Commissioner Loh was
entirely correct in doing so.

47 Neither did I agree with the applicant’s submission that the Commissioner
had exercised his discretion inconsistently or in a prejudicial manner, by
accepting the first respondent’s objection but not the applicant’s. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AWS para 54.

The applicant submitted that per s 43(2)(c) of the WICA 2009, the Notice of
Assessment was deemed to have been served on the first respondent two days
after it had been sent by pre-paid registered post, and that the 14-day period
for raising objections had commenced at that point in time. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AWS para 53(c).

The Notice of Assessment had likely been posted to the first respondent
sometime around the date of its issuance on 23 December 2020, or at least in
the first few weeks of January 2021. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AWS para 53(d).

Accordingly, the first respondent’s objection, which was raised on 9 February
2021, had been made after the prescribed 14-day period for raising objections
and was late. The Commissioner had therefore exercised his discretion under s
25(1) of the WICA 2009 to consider the first respondent’s late objection but
had refused to do the same for the applicant’s objection.

48 Even if the applicant was correct in its application of s 43(2)(c) of the
WICA 2009, I did not agree that the Commissioner had therefore exercised his
powers in an objectionable manner. Unlike the applicant, the first respondent
had raised her objection before the issuance of the Certificate of Order –
that was a critical point of distinction. As explained at [46] above, this
meant that it was still open to the Commissioner, at that point in time, to
exercise his discretion under s 25(1) of the WICA 2009 to extend the time for
the respondents to raise objections. Once the extension was allowed by the
Commissioner, the extended deadline would then constitute the “period allowed
for objections under [s 25(1)]”, per s 25(2) of the WICA 2009. By contrast, by
the time the applicant raised its objection, the time for raising objections
had lapsed and the Certificate of Order had been issued. The Commissioner was,
in those circumstances, required under s 25(2) of the WICA 2009 to disregard
the applicant’s objection, and the question of extending time to object had by
then been rendered moot. There was, in my view, no inconsistency in the
Commissioner’s treatment of the first respondent’s objection and the
applicant’s.

49 Further, it was evident from Assistant Commissioner Loh’s GD that he had
exercised his discretion to consider the first respondent’s objection because
he had accepted the first respondent’s explanation that she had only received
the Notice of Assessment by registered post on 5 February 2021. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

GD, para 7 (ROP p 10); DS-1, Annexure 3 (Email from Ms Devaswarupa on 9
February 2021 at 12.27am).

Accordingly, it appeared to me that some latitude had been accorded to the
first respondent, given that she could not have raised an objection to the
Notice of Assessment at an earlier date, and that she had raised her objection
promptly after receiving the Notice of Assessment on 5 February 2021.

50 On the other hand, no satisfactory explanation was given for the
applicant’s failure to raise its objection in a timely manner. In this regard,
I had little hesitation rejecting the applicant’s submission that there was
nothing in the Notice of Assessment or the WICA that required it to disclose
the Settlement Sum as a ground of objection. Nor did I agree that the
applicant was in fact required to wait until the Certificate of Order had been
issued, to disclose the payment of the Settlement Sum (see [21] above). As is
clear from [45]–[46] above, both s 25 of the WICA 2009 and the Notice of
Assessment expressly provide that any objections had to be raised within 14
days, or else be disregarded by the Commissioner. While the applicant may be
right to observe that the Notice of Assessment and the WICA 2009, quite
literally, do not mention the word “settlement” as a ground of objection, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AWS para 42.

it is plain from the wording of either that the responsibility fell on the
applicant to bring its objection to the attention of the Commissioner within
the stipulated timeline.

51 If the applicant desired to rely on the Settlement Sum to argue that no
further compensation should be paid to the respondents under the WICA 2009, it
should have filed a notice of objection by the relevant deadline explaining
why, by reason of the payment of the Settlement Sum, the amount stated in the
Notice of Assessment should either be reduced or reversed altogether. The
prescribed form for raising an objection, which had been attached to the
Notice of Assessment, clearly allowed for such an objection, given that the
section for indicating the grounds of an objection included an option labelled
“[o]thers (please specify)”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DS-1, Annexure 2 (Section B of Form A).

Having failed to raise an objection within the stipulated timeline despite
having the means to do so, I found that the applicant has no basis to complain
that its objection was ultimately disregarded by the Commissioner.

52 I was therefore satisfied that the Commissioner did not err in refusing to
consider the applicant’s objection. He was functus officio once the
Certificate of Order was issued and correctly disregarded the applicant’s
belated objection. Nonetheless, the present appeal came before me by way of a
rehearing: O 55 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed), see also Hauque
Enamul v China Taiping Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another [2018] 5 SLR
485 at [82]. Moreover, as I noted above at [2] and [26], the present appeal
involved, inter alia, the novel and important question of whether the
Commissioner has the power under the WICA regime to take into account
settlement payments when assessing the amount of compensation payable. In
these special circumstances, I was prepared to consider, in deciding the
appeal, whether the payment of the Settlement Sum by the applicant to the
first and second respondents should be taken into account. In my judgment, it
would be fair, reasonable and in the interests of justice to do so in this
case, and it is to that issue that I now turn.

Whether settlement payments can be taken into account in assessing the sum of
compensation payable under the WICA 2009

53 I agreed with the amicus that there is nothing in the WICA 2009 that
requires the Commissioner to take into account settlement payments made by an
employer to an employee when assessing the amount of compensation payable by
the employer. As the amicus rightly observed, there is no express provision in
the WICA 2009 that requires the Commissioner to do so. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

YAC Submissions para 26.

Even if a settlement payment to a deceased seaman’s next-of-kin can be
characterised as a payment of compensation under the MLCA 2014 regime (which
is an issue I did not need to make a specific finding on in this case), the
Commissioner is not obliged to take such a payment into account under the WICA
2009. Sections 20(e)–20(f) of the WICA 2009 provide that any compensation
payable under the WICA 2009 will be reduced by compensation received under the
MLCA 2014 in two specific instances, as follows:

Special provisions relating to seamen

20\. This Act shall apply to seamen who are employees within the meaning of
this Act, subject to the following modifications:

…

(e) where a seaman has received payment under section 35 of the [MLCA 2014]
for the cost of medical treatment in respect of any injury within the meaning
of this Act, the amount of compensation payable to the seaman under section
14(2) for the cost of medical treatment in respect of that injury shall be
reduced by the amount so received;

(f) where a seaman has received payment under section 36 of the [MLCA 2014]
for loss of earnings in respect of any injury within the meaning of this Act,
the amount of compensation payable to the seaman under section 14A for any
temporary incapacity resulting from that injury shall be reduced by the amount
so received…

[emphasis added]

54 Neither of these provisions provide for a similar reduction in compensation
payable under the WICA 2009 for the death of a seaman, where compensation has
been paid under the MLCA 2014. Under the WICA 2009, compensation for medical
treatment is distinct from compensation for a fatal injury. This much is clear
from the Third Schedule to the WICA 2009, in which the amount of compensation
for medical treatment is stipulated in para 5, whereas the amount of
compensation for the death of an employee is stipulated in para 1. Likewise,
compensation for temporary incapacity is covered separately in para 4 of the
Third Schedule and is, by definition, different from compensation for a fatal
injury. Sections 20(e)–20(f) of the WICA 2009 therefore do not oblige the
Commissioner to reduce any compensation payable under the WICA 2009 for the
death of a seaman, even if the seaman’s next-of-kin may have received
compensation under the MLCA 2014 in respect of the same injury.

55 Further, while s 33(1) of the WICA 2009 prevents an employee from obtaining
double compensation under the WICA 2009 and at common law, settlement payments
made out-of-court by the employer to the employee are unlikely to fall within
the scope of this provision. Section 33(1) of the WICA 2009 provides:

Limitation of employee’s right of action

33.—(1) Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to confer any right to
compensation on an employee in respect of any injury if he has instituted an
action for damages in respect of that injury in any court against his employer
or if he has recovered damages in respect of that injury in any court from his
employer.

56 The word “court” in s 33(1) of the WICA 2009 is not “mere surplusage”: Ravi
Chandran, Employment Law in Singapore (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2019) at para
7.227. It is also a trite canon of statutory interpretation that Parliament
does not legislate in vain, and the courts should therefore endeavour to give
significance to every word in a statutory provision: Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [38]. I therefore
agreed with the amicus that s 33(1) only prevents an employee from bringing a
claim under the WICA 2009 where that employee has instituted an action against
his employer or recovered damages from his employer in court. Accordingly,
even if the underlying intent of s 33(1) is to prevent an employee from
obtaining double compensation from his employer, s 33(1) does not prevent an
employee from bringing a claim under the WICA 2009 in addition to receiving an
out-of-court settlement payment from his employer. Nor does s 33(1) of the
WICA 2009 oblige the Commissioner to take the settlement payment into account,
when assessing the sum of compensation payable.

57 As noted above at [22], the applicant submitted that even if the
Commissioner is not required to take settlement payments into consideration,
the Commissioner nonetheless has the power to do so under ss 25B(5) or
9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009. Section 25B(5) provides as follows:

Pre-hearing conferences to be held when directed by Commissioner

25B.— …

(5) At any time during the pre-hearing conference where the parties are
agreeable to a settlement of some or all of the matters for hearing, the
Commissioner may record that settlement and make an order to give effect to
the settlement.

58 I found it apparent from the plain wording of s 25B(5) of the WICA 2009
that the provision pertains to the Commissioner’s powers to record a
settlement reached between the parties in the context of a pre-hearing
conference. Accordingly, s 25B(5) of the WICA 2009 was not relevant in the
present case. I therefore turned to consider the applicant’s remaining
argument, that the Commissioner is empowered under s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009
to take into account settlement payments made by an employer to an employee
when assessing the compensation payable. As noted above at [29], the amicus
agreed with this argument.

59 Sections 9(1) and 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 provide as follows:

Distribution of compensation

9.—(1) Subject to subsection (1A), no payment of compensation in respect of an
employee whose injury has resulted in death or permanent incapacity shall be
made otherwise than by deposit with the Commissioner, and any such payment
made directly to the employee or his dependant shall be deemed not to be
payment of compensation for the purposes of this Act.

(1A) The Commissioner may —

…

(b) take into account any amount paid otherwise than in accordance with
subsection (1) in assessing the compensation payable under this Act if he
considers it fair and reasonable to do so.

60 I agreed with the applicant and the amicus that the Commissioner does have
the power under s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 to take into account settlement
payments made by an employer to an employee when assessing the amount of
compensation payable, if the Commissioner considers it fair and reasonable to
do so. I reached this conclusion for three reasons, which I detail below.

Plain meaning of s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009

61 First, it is well established that the first step of statutory
interpretation is to ascertain the possible interpretations of the provision,
having regard to the ordinary meaning of the words of the legislative
provision: Tan Cheng Bock at [38].

62 In my view, the ordinary meaning of s 9(1A)(b) confers upon the
Commissioner the discretion to take settlement payments into account – a
payment made pursuant to a private settlement clearly constitutes a payment
“made otherwise than by deposit with the Commissioner”, since it is a payment
that would be made directly by an employer to an employee or the employee’s
dependants. Moreover, the wording of s 9(1A)(b) indicates that the
Commissioner has a wide discretion in this respect, since he may take into
consideration “any amount”, so long as he thinks it “fair and reasonable” to
do so. To conclude otherwise would strain the plain meaning of the provision,
since there is nothing on the face of the provision to suggest that settlement
payments made by an employer to an employee (prior to an assessment of
compensation by the Commissioner) should not be taken into account.

63 I was therefore prepared to find that based on the plain meaning of s
9(1A)(b) alone, the Commissioner is entitled (but not obliged) to take into
account settlement payments paid directly to an employee when assessing the
sum of compensation payable under the WICA 2009.

Legislative history of s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009

64 Second, I found that the legislative history of s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009
also supported my conclusion.

65 The wording of s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 first appeared as s 9(1)(b) of
the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Act 25 of 1975) (the “WCA 1975”). Sections
9(1) and 9(1)(b) of the WCA 1975 are in pari materia with ss 9(1) and 9(1A)(b)
of the WICA 2009, and state as follows:

Distribution of compensation

9.—(1) No payment of compensation in respect of a workman whose injury has
resulted in death or permanent incapacity shall be made otherwise than by
deposit with the Commissioner, and any such payment made directly to the
workman or his dependant shall be deemed not to be payment of compensation for
the purposes of this Act:

Provided that the Commissioner may —

…

(b) take into account any amount paid otherwise than in accordance with this
subsection in assessing the compensation payable under this Act if he
considers it fair and reasonable to do so.

66 There is no mention in the Explanatory Statement to the Workmen’s
Compensation Bill 1975 (Bill No 5/1975) (the “WCA 1975 Bill”), or the
corresponding parliamentary debates, of why s 9(1)(b) was enacted in the WCA
1975. Section 9(1)(b) of the WCA 1975 was subsequently re-numbered as s
9(1A)(b) in the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed) (the “WCA
1998”), and retained without amendment in the WICA 2009. However, there was
likewise no mention of the legislative intent behind the enactment of s
9(1A)(b) in the parliamentary debates for the bills tabled relating to the WCA
1998 or the WICA 2009.

67 In the circumstances, I found it relevant to consider the legislative
intent behind the enactment of the WCA 1975 as a whole. The WCA 1975 was
enacted to, inter alia, implement a new system of administration where the
Commissioner would have greater responsibility and oversight over the process
of quantifying compensation payable. Under the predecessor legislation to the
WCA 1975, the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 130) (the “WCA 1971”), both the
employer and employee had to expressly agree to the Commissioner’s assessment
of compensation payable. If any dispute arose over the employer’s liability or
the quantum of compensation payable, the Commissioner would have to hold an
inquiry to see if an agreement could be reached between the Commissioner, the
employer and the employee, failing which the dispute would be referred to an
arbitrator. The scheme under the WCA 1971 was explained at the second reading
of the WCA 1975 Bill (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (26
March 1975) vol 34 at cols 1037–1038 (Mr Ong Pang Boon, Minister for Labour))
as such:

Under the 1971 Act, the Commissioner for Labour will assess the amount of
compensation payable and this assessment is then sent to the parties
concerned. Since the Act does not provide for a time limit for the employer to
either object to the assessment or to pay the compensation, a great number of
employers have in the past deliberately ignored the notice of assessment. It
is only after repeated reminders that we get a response from the employer. The
employer may further delay payment of compensation by disputing either the
extent of his liability to pay compensation or the extent of dependency of the
claimants on the earnings of the deceased worker. Under the Act, full
compensation is payable only if there has been full dependency and
proportionate payment if there is partial dependency. In either of the cases
that I have just mentioned, an inquiry has to be held by the Commissioner for
Labour which is often a long-drawn affair. If no agreement is reached at the
conclusion of the inquiry, then the dispute is referred to the Arbitrator.
More time elapses before the disputed case is finally settled by the
Arbitrator.

Even in cases where there is no dispute over the assessed quantum and degree
of dependency, the claimants cannot be compensated immediately until a
Memorandum of Agreement has been signed by both parties. Here again, the
employer can delay payment by not completing the Agreement. To crown it all,
the Act requires that a waiting period of seven days be observed before the
Memorandum of Agreement can be registered.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

68 As is apparent from the above passage, the concern with the scheme under
the WCA 1971 was that it was “found to be time-consuming, causing long and
unnecessary delays in the payment of compensation” (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (26 March 1975) vol 34 at col 1037 (Mr Ong Pang Boon,
Minister for Labour)). Accordingly, the WCA 1975 was enacted to implement a
new system that allowed for more expeditious payment of workmen’s
compensation. As stated in the Explanatory Statement to the WCA 1975 Bill:

Part III of the Bill provides for an entirely new system of administration and
enforcement instead of the existing system of recording of agreements and
arbitration. Clause 24 empowers the Commissioner to assess compensation and to
make an order on the amount of compensation payable. If after service of a
notice of assessment of compensation no objection is received within two weeks
the assessment made by the Commissioner shall be deemed to have been agreed
upon by the interested parties. No appeal will lie against an assessment to
which both parties are deemed to have agreed upon. Clause 25 provides that if
an objection is received with respect to the Commissioner’s assessment of
compensation the Commissioner will as soon as practicable conduct a hearing of
the case and will make such order after the hearing as he thinks just. Under
clause 26 the Commissioner may appoint one or more persons possessing special
knowledge of any matter to assist him. Clause 28 provides that an order made
by the Commissioner as a result of the hearing will be enforced as a judgment
of a District Court. Under clause 29 no appeal will lie therefrom to the High
Court except on any substantial question of law where the amount in dispute is
not less than one thousand dollars. The new procedure which is provided in
this Part of the Bill will enable compensation to be assessed and paid to an
injured workman more expeditiously than is possible under the existing system.
Clause 32 enables proceedings to be brought directly against an insurer who
has issued a policy of insurance covering an employer against liability for
workmen’s compensation.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

69 The legislative intent behind the enactment of the WCA 1975 was therefore
to, inter alia, give the Commissioner more autonomy and oversight over the
assessment of compensation. While previously an arbitrator would be
responsible for ultimately deciding any dispute over quantum or liability,
under the WCA 1975, the Commissioner was responsible for both the initial
assessment of compensation payable and the resolution of any disputes.
Moreover, while the employer and employee previously had to expressly agree to
the Commissioner’s assessment of compensation, the WCA 1975 provided that
parties would be deemed to have agreed to the Commissioner’s assessment if no
objections were raised within the stipulated timeline. Against this backdrop,
the insertion of s 9(1)(b) in the WCA 1975 might be seen as part of the
general expansion of the Commissioner’s role and powers, to ensure that the
Commissioner had sufficient latitude to achieve what he considered to be a
fair and reasonable outcome depending on the facts and circumstances of the
case before him.

70 In the circumstances, if there was any doubt over whether s 9(1A)(b) of the
WICA 2009 should be interpreted such that the Commissioner has the power to
take into account settlement payments when assessing the sum of compensation
payable, I found that a broader and more expansive interpretation (ie, that
the Commissioner does have such a power) better accorded with the legislative
history of the provision and, in my judgment, should therefore be preferred.

71 This broader interpretation of s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 would also fit
better with the comments of the then-Minister for Manpower, Mr Gan Kim Yong
(“Minister Gan”), at the second reading of the Workmen’s Compensation
(Amendment) Bill (the “2008 Bill”) on 22 January 2008. In response to a
question on whether employees who are covered by multiple insurance policies
would be entitled to double recovery, Minister Gan stated as follows
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (22 January 2008) vol 84 at
col 294 (Mr Gan Kim Yong, Minister of State for Manpower)):

Dr Magad also asked whether employees who are covered under insurance, such as
group term life and personal accident insurance, need to be additionally
covered for work injury compensation as well. He also asked if double recovery
from these various policies was possible. Sir, there is no change to the
current approach. Employers are allowed to buy one or more insurance policies
to cover all their liabilities under the Work Injury Compensation Act. In
assessing the amount of compensation payable under the Act, the Commissioner
may take into account other payments made by the employer to the employee for
their injury.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

72 As is clear from the above passage, the implication of Minister Gan’s
response is that the Commissioner had the power, even before the passing of
the 2008 Bill, to consider insurance pay-outs made by an employer to an
employee when assessing the amount of compensation payable. While Minister Gan
did not refer to any specific statutory provision in his response, the only
provision in force at that time that appeared to confer such a power upon the
Commissioner was s 9(1A)(b) of the WCA 1998.

73 As noted above at [66], s 9(1A)(b) of the WCA 1998 was retained without
amendment in the WICA 2009. Thus, it can be reasonably inferred that the
Commissioner likewise has the power under s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 to take
into account payments made by an employer to an employee. While Minister Gan’s
comments were made with reference to insurance pay-outs from an employer to an
employee, I did not see any reason to differentiate between insurance pay-outs
and settlement payments for present purposes, and none was suggested to me. In
any case, as I have noted above at [8], the Settlement Sum represented the
amount that the applicant was required to maintain by way of personal accident
insurance coverage under the SOS CBA. Pursuant to cl 27.1 of the SOS CBA, the
applicant was required to “effect a 24-hour insurance coverage” in accordance
with Appendix IV to the SOS CBA, for payment of compensation to a seaman for
any injury or death arising from an accident while in the employment of the
applicant. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

CHB-1, Tab 2 pp 43–44 cl 27.1.

Under Appendix IV to the SOS CBA, the sum to be paid out to any seaman under
the personal accident insurance policy maintained by the applicant for injury
resulting in death was 100% of the “Capital Sum Insured”, which was stated to
be US$144,000. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

CHB-1, Tab 2 p 56.

The Settlement Sum was paid to the first and second respondents in
satisfaction of the applicant’s liability to provide compensation under this
provision of the SOS CBA. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

CHB-1, para 15.

Thus, the Settlement Sum would, in my judgment, fall squarely within the
example of an insurance pay-out referred to by Minister Gan. In my view, the
passage at [71] above bolstered the conclusion that the Commissioner is
empowered under s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 to consider settlement payments
made by an employer to an employee, including the Settlement Sum in the
present case, when assessing the compensation payable.

The legislative intent behind the WICA 2009

74 Finally, I was guided by the fact that none of the relevant sources
suggests that the legislative intent of the WICA 2009 was to permit employees
to avoid the principle of deductibility by default. As highlighted by the
amicus, the principle of deductibility operates in common law claims such that
any financial gain that would not have accrued to the plaintiff, but for the
injury sustained by the plaintiff, would prima facie be deducted from the sum
of damages payable: Hussain v New Taplow Paper Mills Ltd [1988] AC 514 at 527,
applied in The “MARA” [2000] 3 SLR(R) 31 (“The Mara”) at [26]. Accordingly, it
would stand to reason that if an employee were to bring a common law claim
against his employer for an injury sustained in the course of his employment,
any settlement payment made by the employer in respect of the same injury
would ordinarily be deducted from any damages assessed to be payable, unless
considerations of “justice, reasonableness and public policy” dictate
otherwise (The Mara at [29]).

75 As an aside, I note that there are certain recognised exceptions to the
principle of deductibility. For instance, payments received by a plaintiff
pursuant to an insurance policy that he has paid the premium for, as well as
payments received as a result of the benevolence of third parties prompted by
sympathy for the plaintiff’s misfortune, are not ordinarily deductible from
the damages recoverable (The Mara at [28]). Likewise, as the Court of Appeal
held in The Mara, an ex gratia payment from an employer will not be deductible
where the evidence shows that the intent behind the payment was to confer a
benefit upon the employee independent of any claim for damages in law (at
[43]). I was not concerned with these exceptions for the purposes of the
present case. These exceptions also do not detract from the basic rule that
common law damages for negligence are meant to be compensatory in nature (The
Mara at [26]).

76 The WICA regime was enacted to serve a similar compensatory purpose. It was
created as an alternative remedy to common law damages and designed to provide
“a simpler and quicker way to settle compensation claims by avoiding
protracted legal proceedings”, since proof of fault is not necessary:
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (22 January 2008) vol 84 at
col 259 (Mr Gan Kim Yong, Minister of State for Manpower). As stated by the
Court of Appeal in Pang Chen Suan at [23]–[24]:

23 The objective of the Act is to provide no-fault compensation to injured
workmen as an alternative remedy to common law damages which are invariably
higher than workmen’s compensation. …

24 …The object of the Act is not to give to workmen the right of double
recovery of compensation and damages for the same injury but to give them
compensation even if the employers have not failed in their common law or
statutory duties to provide them with a safe working environment, or if they
themselves are negligent in the performance of their work.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

77 In other words, the WICA regime provides employees with the option of
claiming compensation in one of two scenarios:

(a) First, where the employee would otherwise have been able to obtain common
law damages from his employer, the WICA regime provides an alternative and
simpler route to obtaining compensation.

(b) Second, where the employee would not have been able to obtain common law
damages from his employer (eg, because the employer was not at fault), the
WICA regime nonetheless provides a measure of compensation to the employee.

78 Crucially, there is nothing to suggest that in either of these scenarios,
the WICA regime was designed to provide a more generous measure of
compensation than what would be recoverable at common law. In respect of the
first scenario at [77(a)] above, the opposite is in fact true – precisely
because claims under the WICA regime do not require proof of fault, the
quantum of compensation available under the WICA regime is set lower than
potential awards for common law claims: Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (28 February 2007) vol 82 at col 2013 (Dr Ng Eng Hen, Minister
for Manpower). In respect of the second scenario at [77(b)] above, claimants
who fall under this scenario would recover more compensation by lodging a
claim under the WICA regime than by instituting a common law claim (since by
definition, the claimants under this scenario would not have a claim at common
law). Nonetheless, there is nothing in the WICA regime or its legislative
history that indicates that the WICA was enacted to provide a higher measure
of compensation than what would hypothetically have been awarded to such
claimants at common law, had their claims succeeded.

79 In the circumstances, I found that the legislative intent of the WICA 2009
could not have been to allow an employee who has already received a settlement
payment from his employer, to also obtain compensation in respect of the same
injury as of right and without exception. This would effectively allow the
employee to avoid the principle of deductibility which would have applied to a
claim for common law damages, and consequently, provide a more generous
measure of compensation to the employee. Moreover, insofar as the principle of
deductibility encourages employers to make payments to injured employees (see
[31] above), I found that this cohered with the legislative intent behind the
WICA regime. As I have explained at [76] above, the WICA regime was enacted to
facilitate quicker payment of compensation to workmen. To the extent that the
principle of deductibility also encourages employers to be proactive in making
settlement payments to employees for work injuries suffered, rather than
simply waiting and reacting to a claim, I found that encouraging such
proactive conduct resonated with the purpose of the WICA regime. In my view,
this afforded a further reason why the WICA 2009 should be interpreted
consistent with, and not to the exclusion of, the principle of deductibility.

80 For the above reasons, it would better accord with the overall legislative
intent behind the WICA 2009 for s 9(1A)(b) to be interpreted such that the
Commissioner does have the power to take into account settlement payments when
assessing the amount of compensation payable for an employee’s death. This, in
my view, would permit the Commissioner to deduct settlement payments from any
compensation assessed to be payable where he deems it fair and reasonable to
do so on the particular facts of the case before him. In essence, the
Commissioner would be able to exercise this discretionary power, where
appropriate, in a manner similar to the operation of the principle of
deductibility at common law.

81 For the avoidance of doubt, while I have noted that the Commissioner is not
required under the WICA 2009 to take settlement payments into consideration
(at [53] above), I did not consider this to be an indication that an employee
is therefore entitled to recover work injury compensation in addition to
receiving a settlement payment for the same injury, without any account being
taken of the latter. The fact that the Commissioner is not obliged to take
into account settlement payments per se, simply goes to the discretion and
latitude that the Commissioner has in determining what is “fair and
reasonable” on the facts of each case. For instance, where the facts of the
case indicate that the settlement payment received by the employee was
intended by the employer to be independent of any compensation received by the
employee under the WICA 2009, the Commissioner might decide to exclude such a
payment from consideration. As I have explained at [68]–[69] above, it is the
very intent and design of the WICA regime that the Commissioner should have
broad powers to determine the appropriate measure of compensation in each
case.

82 To summarise this section, I found that the Commissioner is empowered under
s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 to take into account settlement payments when
assessing the sum of compensation payable. Following from this conclusion, I
turned to assess the appropriate sum of compensation payable by the applicant
to the respondents in the present case.

The appropriate amount of compensation payable by the applicant under the WICA
2009

83 I found that the effect of the payment of the Settlement Sum to the first
and second respondents was to reduce the amount of compensation payable by the
applicant to nil. In my judgment, this was a fair and reasonable outcome in
this case, given that the Settlement Sum in fact exceeded the compensation
that the Commissioner had assessed to be payable by the applicant. As I noted
above at [13], the Settlement Sum paid to the first and second respondents was
the equivalent of US$144,000 in Indian Rupees, while the compensation the
applicant had been ordered to pay under the Certificate of Order amounted to
approximately US$139,213.89. Moreover, the available evidence did not suggest
that the Settlement Sum was intended to be paid to the first and second
respondents independent of any claim brought under the WICA 2009. In this
regard, I found that the object of the SOS CBA was simply to ensure that the
minimum compensation obtained by an employee (or his beneficiaries), in the
event of an injury, would be the amount stated in Appendix IV to the SOS CBA.
Accordingly, if an employee brought a claim under the WICA 2009 and the amount
assessed to be payable was less than what was stated in Appendix IV to the SOS
CBA, the applicant was obliged to supplement the difference pursuant to cl
27.4 of the SOS CBA (at [12] above). Conversely, if a settlement payment was
made to an employee pursuant to the SOS CBA, prior to a claim being lodged
under the WICA 2009, it followed that the settlement payment should stand as
credit to any amount assessed to be payable under the WICA 2009.

84 In any case, it was clear from the Deed and receipts signed by the first
and second respondents that the Settlement Sum was paid in settlement of all
potential claims they might have had against the applicant. As noted above at
[9], the first and second respondents confirmed under the Deed that they no
longer had “any claims or demands whatsoever” against the applicant, and
likewise acknowledged under the receipts that they had received the Settlement
Sum in “full and final payment, settlement and discharge” of any and all
claims for compensation.

85 I therefore found that the Settlement Sum provided fair and adequate
compensation to the respondents in this case. Notwithstanding the tragedy that
befell Mr Gainady, to allow the respondents to recover more under the WICA
2009 would, in my view, risk permitting double recovery. As I elaborated at
[79] above, this was not the intention of Parliament in enacting the WICA
2009.

Whether the SOS CBA was the governing agreement

86 For completeness, I found that, contrary to the first respondent’s
contention, the relevant agreement governing the payment of settlement sums by
the applicant to the first and second respondents was the SOS CBA, not the ITF
CBA. First, I noted that Mr Gainady’s employment contract with the applicant
expressly refers to a document known as the “SMOU/SOS CBA”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

CHB-1, Tab 1 p 25.

In my view, this was clearly a reference to the SOS CBA. Second, I note that
Art 1.2 of the ITF CBA provides that the incorporation of the ITF CBA into
“each seafarer’s individual contract of employment shall be made explicit”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DS-1, Annexure 7.

However, there was no mention at all of the ITF CBA in Mr Gainady’s employment
contract. Nor was the copy of the ITF CBA that was exhibited in the first
respondent’s affidavit signed by anyone. In the circumstances, I found that
the ITF CBA did not form part of Mr Gainady’s employment contract with the
applicant.

Can settlement payments be taken into account when assessing the amount of
compensation payable under the WICA 2019?

87 Given my finding above at [39] that the WICA 2009 was the applicable
legislation in this case, I did not have to consider (a) whether the
Commissioner has the power under the WICA 2019 to take into account settlement
payments when assessing the sum of compensation payable; or (b) the question
of the interplay (if any) between the MLCA 2014 and the WICA 2019.
Nonetheless, I conclude by making some general observations about these
issues.

88 First, there is no provision in the WICA 2019 that is in pari materia with
s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009, or any provision that expressly allows the
Commissioner to take into account settlement payments when determining the sum
of compensation payable. However, there is also no mention in the relevant
parliamentary debates as to the reason s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 is absent
from the WICA 2019. In the circumstances, I would hesitate to conclude that
the absence of s 9(1A)(b) of the WICA 2009 in the WICA 2019 necessarily means
that Parliament intended to remove the Commissioner’s power to consider
settlement payments when determining the sum of compensation payable. As
elaborated on at [78]–[80] above, this would appear to detract from the
overarching legislative intent behind the WICA regime and accordingly, is
unlikely to be a legislative change that Parliament would make without express
mention of its intent to do so.

89 It may well be the case that the Commissioner’s power to take into account
settlement payments has been subsumed under other provisions in the WICA 2019.
In this regard, I noted that s 51 of the WICA 2019 provides as follows:

Settlement of compensation

51.—(1) Where a claimant and the employer or the employer’s insurer settle a
claim for compensation under this Act, the claimant and the employer or
employer’s insurer (as the case may be) may —

(a) enter into a settlement agreement, stating the amount of compensation
payable, whether as a lump sum or a periodical payment; and

(b) apply for the settlement agreement to be recorded by the Commissioner as
an order under subsection (2)(a).

(2) The Commissioner may —

(a) record the terms of the settlement and make any order to give effect to
the settlement; or

(b) refuse to record the settlement and make a direction under section 50(1).

…

90 As noted above at [23] and [29], both the applicant and the amicus took the
position that s 51(2) of the WICA 2019 permits the Commissioner to take into
account settlement payments or a settlement reached between an employer and an
employee, when determining whether any further compensation should be payable
under the WICA 2019. In a similar vein, I also noted that s 54(1)(c) of the
WICA 2019 provides as follows:

Powers of Commissioner

54.—(1) The Commissioner has the power to do any of the following in
determining the compensation payable under this Act:

…

(c) make an order for the payment of compensation or refusal of compensation,
as the Commissioner thinks just.

91 It remains a question open for future determination whether the phrase
“make any order to give effect to the settlement”, as found in s 51(2)(a) of
the WICA 2019, or the Commissioner’s power in s 54(1)(c) to make an order as
he “thinks just”, can be read to encompass a power to take into account
settlement payments when determining the compensation payable. A potential
difficulty with relying on s 51(2)(a) of the WICA 2019 is that under s 51(1),
the settlement must be for a “claim for compensation under this Act”. As such,
if a settlement payment is made at a point in time when no claim for
compensation under the WICA 2019 has been lodged or contemplated, the
provision may not apply if or when a claim under the WICA 2019 is subsequently
made. Nonetheless, assuming it was not Parliament’s intention to exclude such
a power from the WICA 2019 regime, I would hope that the relevant provisions
in the WICA 2019 do indeed continue to encompass this power, or failing which,
that Parliament will consider making appropriate legislative amendments.

92 Second, ss 67(2)–67(3) of the WICA 2019 are in pari materia with ss
20(e)–20(f) of the WICA 2009. The purpose of ss 67(2)–67(3) of the WICA 2019
is to prevent an employee from obtaining double recovery under the MLCA 2014
and the WICA regime for medical expenses, and/or payment for loss of earnings
during a period of temporary incapacity: see the Explanatory Statement for cl
67 of the Work Injury Compensation Bill (Bill No 21/2019). However, similar to
my observations in respect of the WICA 2009 at [53]–[54] above, and as
highlighted by the amicus, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

YAC Submissions paras 27 to 38.

there is nothing in these provisions that allows or requires the Commissioner
to reduce the amount of compensation payable under the WICA 2019 for a fatal
injury, where the seaman’s dependants have received compensation under the
MLCA 2014 for the same. Whether there is a gap in the law and if so, how best
it should be filled were, ultimately, questions that I was not required to
answer in this case and therefore, I did not venture any opinion on them.
These issues will have to await an appropriate case in the future for them to
be properly ventilated and considered.

Conclusion

93 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed the applicant’s appeal. The Assistant
Commissioner’s decision as contained in the Certificate of Order was reversed
and set aside, and I ordered that no further compensation is payable by the
applicant to the respondents under the WICA 2009.

94 Mr Ng, to his credit, confirmed to the court that the applicant would not
seek costs from the respondents in the event that the applicant succeeded in
its appeal. Accordingly, I ordered that each party was to bear its own costs
of the appeal.

95 Finally, I wish to record the court’s appreciation to the amicus, Ms Tan,
for her detailed and helpful research and submissions on the questions that
arose for my determination. Her assistance to the court in this case was
invaluable.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chan Zijian Boaz and Ng Yuhui (Incisive Law LLC) for the applicant;

The first respondent in person;

The second to fourth respondents absent and unrepresented;

Tan Tian Hui (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Jul 2022 (14:17 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

