Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 24

District Court Appeal No 123 of 2021

Between

VYR  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VYS  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Family Law-- — Family violence — Orders for protection]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VYR

  
v

  

VYS

[2022] SGHCF 24

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 123 of 2021  
Aedit Abdullah J  
7 April, 25 July 2022

25 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the magistrate (the “Magistrate”)
in declining to grant a personal protection order (“PPO”) or a domestic
exclusion order (“DEO”) under s 65(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009
Rev Ed) (“WC”). The full grounds of decision of the lower court are contained
in VYR v VYS [2021] SGFC 128 (the “GD”).

Background

2 The parties were wife and husband. The appellant (the wife) sought a PPO and
a DEO against the respondent (the husband). Before the Magistrate, the
appellant, who acted in person, contended that she was put in fear of violence
based on an incident that occurred on 19 May 2021 which she recorded on her
phone. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”), Grounds of Decision (“GD”) at para 1.

Two video clips of the incident were provided. In the first clip, the parties
were arguing, with the appellant seated with her back against a door, while
the respondent advanced towards her and raised his leg for a second before
lowering it; he then snatched her phone with his hand. In the second clip,
which was filmed after the first clip, the parties continued arguing as the
appellant stood up and followed the respondent to the bedroom. The clip ended
when the respondent screamed at the appellant to shut up. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA, GD at paras 2 and 3.

3 The respondent accepts that he had raised his leg and explained that he
intended to kick the phone away. Realising that he might hit the appellant, he
reached out to grab the phone with his hand instead as he did not want to hurt
her. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA, GD at para 5.

The respondent further stated that the appellant had woken him up by switching
off the air-conditioning in the bedroom, and had refused to help him find the
remote control for the air-conditioner. Instead, she sat by the door and
filmed him while questioning him about his financial affairs. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA, GD at para 5.

After he returned the phone to the appellant, the complainant persisted in
questioning him. Frustrated, he screamed at her to get out of his bedroom. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA, GD at para 6.

On his account, no hurt was caused as he did not kick the appellant. The
appellant’s conduct also clearly evinced that she was not in fear of hurt. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA, GD at para 7.

4 The Magistrate found that no family violence was committed or likely to be
committed, and further, that a protection order was not necessary for the
appellant’s protection. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA, GD at para 1.

Specifically, no hurt was caused to the appellant, and the appellant was
neither placed in fear of hurt nor continually harassed by the respondent. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA, GD at paras 16 to 33.

Furthermore, based on the conduct and relationship dynamics of the parties, a
protection order was unnecessary as family violence was not likely to be
committed. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA, GD at para 34 and 35.

As such, no PPO or DEO was granted.

Summary of the appellant’s case

5 The appellant’s case is twofold. First, the appellant contends that the
Magistrate failed to comply with r 100(1) of the Family Justice Rules 2014
(“FJR”) by relying on the respondent’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”)
in making findings of fact. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Appellant’s Case (Amendment No 1) dated 28 April 2022 (“AC”) at para 18.

This occasioned injustice to the appellant as she was unable to dispute the
factual assertions in the respondent’s AEIC. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AC at para 19.

The appellant also claims that the Magistrate was “primed” by the written
submissions of the respondent in making his findings. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AC at paras 22 to 23.

Second, the appellant argues that, in the course of her cross-examination of
the respondent (which took only about a minute), she was repeatedly cut off
and disallowed from completing her sentences and was controlled in the manner
in which she could ask her questions. This shows that the Magistrate had
little interest in understanding her case. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AC at para 25.

Towards the end of her cross-examination, she contends that the Magistrate
conveyed the impression that her case was made out and that she could move on
to her closing submissions. The appellant further suggests that the Magistrate
rejected a question she raised during closing submissions as he wanted to
conclude the matter hastily. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AC at para 28.

Taken together, the Magistrate’s conduct amounts to judicial interference.

6 At the oral submissions, the appellant submitted that r 100(1) of the FJR
confines the Magistrate to making findings of fact based only on what was
raised in oral evidence. This is because family violence hearings require a
mindfulness to the facts, and credence should be placed on oral evidence. The
breach of r 100(1) of the FJR was furthered by the Magistrate’s interventions
in the appellant’s conduct of her case. In these circumstances, a re-trial
should be ordered.

Summary of the respondent’s case

7 The respondent raises three main grounds. First, the respondent’s AEIC was
properly admitted into evidence. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Respondent’s Case (Amendment No 1) dated 27 May 2022 (“RC”) at para 15.

As such, the Magistrate was entitled to consider the evidence therein. Second,
the respondent disputes the appellant’s interpretation of r 100(1) of the FJR.
On the appellant’s account, any evidence in an AIEC that is not raised in oral
examination is considered unproven. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RC at para 18.

This is incorrect. Rule 100(1) of the FJR only requires any finding of fact
that is to be proven at a family violence trial to be done by way of an
examination of the witness in court. In other words, only the facts going
towards showing that family violence has been committed or is likely to be
committed, as well as that the PPO is necessary for the protection of the
family member need to be raised in oral evidence. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RC at paras 19 to 22.

This was done so at the hearing. These facts were put to the appellant during
the respondent’s cross-examination of her. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RC at para 23.

Further, the respondent’s AEIC was filed a month in advance before the hearing
and the appellant had ample opportunity to raise any facts. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RC at paras 26 and 27.

The respondent also avers that there is no basis for the suggestion that the
Magistrate was “primed” by the respondent’s closing submissions. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

RC at paras 31 to 34.

Third, the appellant’s allegation of judicial interference is unmeritorious.
The appellant was given the opportunity to raise any questions she might have
had. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RC at para 51.

The interventions of the Magistrate did not amount to interference: he had not
cut off the appellant at any point in time, and his rephrasing of the
appellant’s question was done to assist her. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RC at paras 47, 50, 52 and 53.

8 In oral submissions, the respondent reiterated that the appellant’s
interpretation of r 100(1) of the FJR is unsustainable. Even if the
appellant’s interpretation is correct, the appellant had failed to establish
her case as she chose to conclude her cross-examination after asking one
question. If findings of fact may only be based on oral testimony, then the
appellant has failed to establish her case. The respondent also confirmed that
the findings of fact by the Magistrate were based on either the oral testimony
of parties or affidavit evidence.

The decision

9 Having considered the arguments and affidavits, I dismiss the appeal. As for
the determination of the costs of the application, directions will be given
separately.

Analysis

Whether the Magistrate is in breach of r 100(1) of the FJR

Whether the appellant’s interpretation of r 100(1) of the FJR is correct

10 The thrust of the appellant’s appeal centres on the interpretation of r
100(1) of the FJR, which is as follows:

Evidence for family violence trial

100.—(1) Subject to these Rules, and the Evidence Act (Cap. 97) and any other
written law relating to evidence, any fact required to be proved at a family
violence trial by the evidence of witnesses must be proved by an examination
of the witnesses in Court.

11 The gist of the appellant’s interpretation is that anything that is to be
proven in a family violence hearing must be proven orally. The implication of
this is that the court may not consider evidence contained in an AEIC unless
it was raised in oral testimony.

12 A review of r 100 of the FJR shows that the appellant’s interpretation is
incorrect. Affidavit evidence may be considered by the court, even if it is
not raised in oral testimony. To begin, r 100(2) of the FJR states:

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (1), and unless otherwise
provided by any written law or by these Rules, at a family violence trial —

(a) evidence‑in‑chief of a witness must be given by way of affidavit; and

(b) unless the Court otherwise orders —

(i) the witness must attend trial for cross‑examination; and

(ii) in default of the witness’ attendance, the witness’ affidavit shall not
be received in evidence except with the leave of the Court.

13 Rules 100(2)(a) and 100(2)(b) make clear that the evidence-in-chief of a
witness is to be received in evidence by way of affidavit, barring their
absence at trial for cross-examination. Rule 100(3) further stipulates that
the documents used in conjunction with an affidavit must be exhibited (with a
copy to be annexed), suggesting that documents attached to the affidavits may
also be considered by the court. Of significance is also r 100(7) of the FJR,
which provides an exception to rr 100(2), 100(3), 100(4) and 100(6) (“the
Provisions”). Pursuant to r 100(7)(a), a court may order a witness to give
evidence orally at a family violence trial. This stands in contradistinction
against the Provisions, which generally pertain to the use of affidavits of
evidence-in-chief in a family violence trial. This further confirms that the
evidence of a witness is ordinarily to be given by way of an affidavit. It is
thus evident, on a holistic review of r 100 of the FJR, that r 100(1) does not
restrict the court to only considering oral evidence.

14 Beyond r 100 of the FJR, a review of the general schema of legislation
governing family violence hearings points to the same conclusion. Rule 101(4)
of the FJR, which governs the family violence trial process, allows a court to
deal with applications seeking a PPO or DEO without any oral testimony or
examination of witnesses on fulfillment of two conditions. One of the two
conditions is that there is no dispute on the facts stated in the affidavits
filed by the parties: r 101(4)(b) of the FJR. In such a situation, the court
may then rely on the affidavits of parties in determining the relevant facts.
This demonstrably undermines the appellant’s interpretation of r 100(1) of the
FJR. The Family Justice Practice Directions (“FJPD”) is also instructive. At
paragraph 24(1)(c), which concerns family violence proceedings, parties may
apply to strike out the whole or parts of affidavits to be used in
proceedings. That such applications are provided for only underscores the
significance of affidavits in family violence proceedings.

15 A review of the relevant legislation therefore shows that the appellant’s
interpretation of r 100(1) of the FJR is untenable. It also bears noting that
on the appellant’s interpretation of r 100(1) of the FJR, the AEICs that are
tendered in family violence hearings are rendered otiose. If they may not be
relied on to prove facts (as they are used to do so in other civil
proceedings), it is unclear what purpose they serve. When pressed on this
point, the appellant suggested, in oral submissions, that the purpose of AEICs
in family violence hearings differ from that in other civil proceedings; AEICS
in the former delineate the evidence that may be given orally but do not go
towards establishing facts while AEICs in the latter may be relied on to prove
facts. This distinguishment, however, is without basis or merit.

16 In sum, r 100(1) of the FJR does not restrict a court to only considering
oral testimony in making findings of fact. Instead, the court may consider all
admissible evidence, including affidavit evidence and oral testimony.

Whether the Magistrate is in breach of r 100(1) of the FJR

17 It follows from the foregoing that the Magistrate is not in breach of r
100(1) of the FJR by making findings of facts based on the evidence contained
in the respondent’s AEIC. The AEIC of the respondent was admitted into
evidence, the appellant provided her account of the events during her
examination-in-chief (as she had not filed an AEIC), and both the respondent
and appellant tested each other’s evidence through cross-examination. The
respondent further confirms that all the findings of fact made by the
Magistrate are grounded in either affidavit evidence or the oral testimony of
parties. Pertinently, the appellant does not go so far to suggest that the
Magistrate has made findings of fact beyond what was contained in affidavit
evidence or oral testimony but simply that the Magistrate should not have
relied on the respondent’s AEIC as part of his consideration.

18 As for the allegation that the Magistrate furthered the breaches of r
100(1) of the FJR through his interventions, this falls away given that it is
premised on the appellant’s interpretation of the said rule, which I have
rejected.

19 However, assuming, arguendo, that the appellant’s interpretation of r
100(1) of the FJR is correct, there remains no basis for the appellant’s
complaint against the Magistrate. The general tenor of the appellant’s
submission is that the Magistrate should have done more to clarify or put
forth some pertinent points of the appellant’s case to the respondent,
notwithstanding that the appellant had chosen to conclude her cross-
examination after one question. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Minute sheet dated 25 July 2022 (“Minute Sheet”) at p 2.

Oral evidence concerning the appellant’s case, as put forth by the Magistrate
on behalf of the appellant, may then be relied on to make findings of fact.
Beyond a bare reliance of r 100(1) of the FJR, no further reasons have been
offered as to why this should be expected of the Magistrate. As conceded by
the appellant, neither the notion of therapeutic justice nor the judge-led
approach in resolving family disputes lend themselves to justifying the
demands she imposes on the Magistrate. Examining paragraph 6(9) of the FJPD,
which outlines the key principles of the judge-led approach in resolving
family disputes, it is apparent that the judge-led approach is not conceived
in such expansive terms such that the court is to advance the cases of
litigants-in-person on their behalf. And as further conceded by the appellant,
on a traditional umpire view of judicial management, there is no reason why
the Magistrate should advocate on behalf of the appellant. Ultimately, given
the appellant’s choice not to ask further questions or advance her case (and
not by any consequence of the Magistrate’s interventions, as explained below
at [24]), no fault may be attributed to the Magistrate.

20 Finally, there is no basis for the appellant’s suggestion that the
Magistrate was “primed” by the respondent’s submissions. The appellant relies
on paragraph seven of the GD as proof that the Magistrate adopted the
respondent’s submissions as evidence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AC at para 23.

This, however, is based on a misapprehension of the GD. Paragraph seven is
clearly a summary of the respondent’s case. It does not pertain to the
findings of the Magistrate.

21 In all, nothing in the conduct of the Magistrate points to a breach of r
100(1) of the FJR.

Whether there was judicial interference in the appellant’s presentation of her
case

22 The appellant relies on two incidents to suggest that there was judicial
interference. The first involves the Magistrate talking over the appellant and
reframing her question during her cross-examination of the respondent (“the
First Incident”); and the second involves the Magistrate informing the
appellant that it was okay if she did not have any further questions in her
cross-examination of the respondent, and that they could move on to closing
submissions (“the Second Incident”).

23 The parties do not differ as regards the law concerning judicial
interference as laid down in Mohammed Ali bin Johari v Public Prosecutor
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 1058 (“Johari”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AC at para 29; see also RC at paras 39 and 40.

Briefly, it is a fact and context specific exercise, with the ultimate
question being “whether or not there had been the possibility of a denial of
justice to a particular party”: Johari at [175(d)].

24 In respect of the First Incident, the appellant raises three allegations.
First, the appellant was not allowed to complete her sentences. Second, the
appellant was controlled in the manner in which she could ask her questions.
Third, the Magistrate had little interest in understanding her case. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AC at para 25.

None of the allegations have merit. The Magistrate did not disallow or
prohibit the appellant from completing her sentences. There was no hint or
suggestion of any compulsion. What had occurred was that the appellant was
asked to repeat her question as she was unclear. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROA, Notes of Evidence (“NE”) at p 50, line 20 to p 51, line 5.

She was also reminded to direct the question at the respondent. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA, NE, p 50, lines 24 to 25.

This can hardly be described as the Magistrate controlling the appellant. In
so far as the Magistrate rephrased her question, this was done to assist her.
In the midst of rephrasing her question, the Magistrate clarified with the
appellant twice whether the question, as he had rephrased it, was what she
intended to ask. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA, NE at p 50, line 31 to p 51, line 3.

Far from being disinterested, the Magistrate clearly understood the
appellant’s case.

25 The Second Incident concerns the Magistrate’s statement to the appellant
towards the end of her cross-examination of the respondent, as follows: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROA, NE at p 51, lines 7 to 12.

Court: Okay. Next question. Ma’am, if any.

[Appellant]: On the return—

[Appellant]: Can I use written submission now or verbally it later?

Court: No, no, just the questions now. If you don’t have any questions, it’s
fine, we can move on to the submissions.

[Appellant]: Okay. I think I’ll move on to the submissions

[emphasis added]

26 According to the appellant, the Magistrate’s statement, as italicised,
provided an impression to the appellant that her case had been made out, and
it evinced that the Magistrate sought to hastily complete the appellant’s
cross-examination. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AC at para 27.

Plainly, the appellant’s characterisation of the statement is unsustainable.
It is not within even the penumbra of the meaning of the words used. The
Magistrate was merely explaining to the appellant that if she did not have any
further questions in cross-examination, parties may move on to their closing
submissions. On no account of the Magistrate’s statement could it be suggested
that he conveyed an impression to the appellant that her case was made out. It
further beggars belief on what basis the appellant suggests that the
Magistrate sought to hastily complete the appellant’s cross-examination of the
respondent.

27 Apart from the above incidents, the appellant separately submits that the
Magistrate rejected a question she raised during closing submissions as he
wanted to conclude the matter hastily. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AC at para 28.

Again, a review of the transcript shows this to be untrue. The Magistrate
answered the questions raised by the appellant, and checked with her
repeatedly if she had any further submissions before turning to the
respondent. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROA, NE at p 51 line 20 to p 52, line 12.

At no point in time did the Magistrate reject any of the appellant’s
questions, let alone do so because of a desire to conclude the matter hastily.

28 In sum, the allegation that there was judicial interference is baseless.

29 I should add as well as a general observation, and not addressing anything
specific to this case or these parties, that while litigants-in-person should
be treated civilly, and should be given opportunity to present their cases,
and pursue their claims, the latitude to be given is not limitless. Control
needs to be exercised by the presiding judge to ensure not just proper use of
court time and resources, but also to be fair to the other side: the court
cannot give such aid or indulgence that it tilts the scale in favour of one or
the other. In the interests of the administration of justice, pro se litigants
may need to be moved along, or on other occasions, cut off: an appellate court
will not be so ready to find interference or conclude that there was any
shortcoming in the conduct and management of a case by a judge attempting to
control matters that threaten to spin out of control.

Conclusion

30 In all, no reasons were raised by the appellant such that the appeal
against the decision of the Magistrate should be granted. The appellant’s
arguments were, I am afraid, wholly unfounded on law or fact, and should not
have been put forward at all.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Rajwin Singh Sandhu (Rajwin & Yong LLP) for the appellant;

Nicolette Lee Wanling (Phoenix Law Corporation) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Aug 2022 (12:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

