Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 107

Suit No 1123 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 299 of 2021)

Between

Ten Leu-Jiun Jeanne-Marie

… Plaintiff

And

1\. Peter Low LLC

2\. Choo Zheng Xi

3\. Peter Cuthbert Low

4\. Christine Low

… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Civil Procedure — Striking Out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ten Leu-Jiun Jeanne-Marie

  
v

  

Peter Low LLC and others

[2022] SGHC 107

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1123 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal
No 299 of 2021)  
Choo Han Teck J  
26 April 2022

17 May 2022. Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff’s action in this suit (Suit No 1123 of 2016) is a claim
against her former solicitors for their conduct in respect of a previous
action in Suit No 667 of 2012 (“NUS Suit”). In that action, the plaintiff
retained the first defendant, Peter Low LLC, to act for her against the
National University of Singapore (“NUS”). The second defendant, Choo Zheng Xi,
and the third defendant, Peter Cuthbert Low, were solicitors in the first
defendant who acted for the plaintiff in the NUS Suit. The fourth defendant,
Christine Low, is the daughter of the third defendant who was a trainee lawyer
at the first defendant at the material time.

2 In or around January 2014, the plaintiff discharged the defendants from
acting for her in the NUS Suit. After that, she engaged various sets of
lawyers, including Mr M Ravi and subsequently, Mr Christopher Anand Daniel who
acted for her at the trial of the NUS Suit. The trial for the NUS Suit took
place sometime in August 2017 and January 2018. On or around 9 July 2018,
Justice Woo Bih Li dismissed the plaintiff’s claims against NUS.

3 On 21 October 2016, the plaintiff filed her 68-page Statement of Claim
(“SOC”) against the defendants in this action. In her SOC, she says that the
defendants have been negligent in acting for her in the NUS Suit. Her other
causes of action against the defendants include breach of contract, fraudulent
and/or negligent misrepresentation, the tort of deceit, breach of fiduciary
duties and unlawful conspiracy.

4 The defendants applied in Summons No 6061 of 2018 to strike out the
plaintiff’s SOC on the ground that it disclosed no reasonable cause of action,
was frivolous and/or vexatious, and that it constituted an abuse of process.
The application was heard by an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”). The AR found
that the plaintiff’s claims in her SOC essentially relates to six main acts,
which he summarised as:

(a) drafted the SOC in the NUS Suit inadequately by failing to plead the
elements of the tort of misfeasance in public office (“the First Act”);

(b) caused the plaintiff to mount unsuccessful discovery application against
NUS through Summons 3299 of 2013 for documents in support of the claim for
misfeasance in public office because of the inadequate pleadings (“the Second
Act”);

(c) wrongly advised the plaintiff to appeal the Assistant Registrar’s
dismissal of Summons 3299 of 2013, which appeal was ultimately dismissed by
Tan Siong Thye JC (as he then was) in RA 320 of 2013 (“the Third Act”);

(d) fraudulently informed the plaintiff that Tan JC had not given any reasons
for his dismissal of RA 320 of 2013, thereby causing the plaintiff to bring OS
669 of 2014 to seek Tan JC’s issuance of written ground, and to appeal Tan
JC’s dismissal of OS 669 of 2014 by way of an appeal to the Court of Appeal in
CA 177 of 2014 (“the Fourth Act”);

(e) failed to disclose allegedly relevant documents which the plaintiff had
provided to the defendant, including e-mail communications between the
plaintiff and NUS, which were purportedly “crucial” to her claims against NUS
(“the Fifth Act”); and

(f) charged the plaintiff excessive legal fees (“the Sixth Act”).

5 The AR struck out the portions of the SOC pertaining to the First, Second,
Third, Fifth and Sixth Acts, but did not strike out the SOC insofar as the
Fourth Act was concerned:

(a) In respect of the First, Second, Third and Fifth Acts, the AR held that
the plaintiff is unable to prove that she had suffered any loss given that she
did not succeed in the NUS Suit despite engaging new sets of counsel and
making fresh attempts at amending her SOC through her new sets of counsel.

(b) In respect of the Sixth Act, the AR found that the plaintiff’s allegations
were in essence a challenge to the bills which should be dealt with by way of
taxation. To the extent the plaintiff’s allegations of overcharging were
pleaded as evidence in support of her other claims, the AR took the view that
they should be struck out because evidence ought not to be pleaded in the SOC.

(c) In respect of the Fourth Act, the AR found that there is a triable issue
on what was represented by the second defendant to the plaintiff during their
telephone conversation on or around 5 November 2013. Therefore, the causes of
action (and the pleaded reliefs) in relation to the Fourth Act, namely,
fraudulent misrepresentation, negligent misrepresentation, the torts of deceit
and fraud, breach of fiduciary duties, and the tort of unlawful means
conspiracy, were not struck out.

6 The plaintiff now appeals against the AR’s decision. The crux of the
plaintiff’s case is that in striking out her SOC, the learned AR has engaged
in fact-finding. The plaintiff also says that in a striking out application,
the Court should only be concerned with facts as they are pleaded “on the face
of the pleadings”. As is patently obvious, the SOC is not only excessive in
its pleading of facts, evidence, law, and argument, it is an untidy mess
without any semblance of order or cohesion. It appears that the plaintiff
believes that her previous litigation against NUS was lost on account of her
lawyers, who she now sues in this action. She blames them for her loss, citing
the usual medley of civil wrongs – negligence, breach of duty,
misrepresentation, fraud and unlawful conspiracy.

7 Given the state of her pleadings, the defendants succumbed to the temptation
of finding a swift end to the suit – they applied to strike out the SOC, on
the ground that it discloses no reasonable cause of action. One may say that
this is not an unreasonable application as the SOC is so bad in that it had
breached almost every rule in pleading and good writing. Hence, it is almost
impossible for anyone, including counsel and the learned AR, to identify any
specific portions for striking out. They would thus have to refer to the
entire SOC to express the causes of action, but that would certainly have
caused acute indigestion.

8 Consequently, the AR, with the best of intentions, summarised the
plaintiff’s claims and paraphrased them in what he then describes as “the six
acts”. He then struck out five of the six acts on the ground that they
disclose no cause of action. One of the main grounds that the learned AR
relied on is the lack of damage, which constitutes an essential component in
the causes of action. But this lack of damage is not clearly absent from the
SOC. Camouflaged in the mass of words, the plaintiff is saying that she
suffered damage — “I lost my case” — though not in those clear words.

9 The defence in this regard is not that damage was not pleaded, but that
there is a good defence, namely, the defence of an intervening force that
shields the defendants’ advice from criticism at trial. Given the
circumstances, the course that might enable the defendants to end this action
quickly is to persuade the court that there is incontrovertible evidence even
in the plaintiff’s evidence that there was no damage (by dint of a supervening
event), and therefore, there is no case for the defendants to answer. But that
should be done at trial, after the plaintiff had presented her case to the
judge.

10 Ill-conceived and tardy as the plaintiff’s claim may appear on the
pleadings, if it were to be struck out, it must be struck out on her own
words. Although it was well-intended, the court should not rephrase a
plaintiff’s claim, and then strike it out on the court’s version of it. I
therefore allow the appeal. The irony of the plaintiff succeeding in this
appeal in spite, or perhaps, by reason of her own badly drafted claim, is not
without consequence. She may have to pay for the expense of these proceedings
should the trial judge dismiss her action.

11 The costs here and below shall be costs in the cause.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Plaintiff in person;  
Ramesh Selvaraj and Hiew E-Wen, Joshua (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 May 2022 (08:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

