Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 23

Civil Appeal No 30 of 2021

Between

Kashmire Merkaney  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

NCL Housing Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

Summons No 8 of 2022

Between

Kashmire Merkaney  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

NCL Housing Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 297 of 2019

Between

| NCL Housing Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Kashmire Merkaney  
(3)| Sushela w/o Vijayarahavan  
  
… Defendants

ex tempore judgment

[Credit And Security –– Guarantees]

[Civil Procedure –– Leave to adduce further evidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kashmire Merkaney

  
v

  

NCL Housing Pte Ltd and another matter

[2022] SGHC(A) 23

General Division of the High Court (Appellate Division) — Civil Appeal No 30
of 2021 and Summons 8 of 2022  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD, Woo Bih Li JAD and Quentin Loh JAD  
26 May 2022

26 May 2022

Belinda Ang JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 AD/CA 30/2021 (“the Appeal”) is the appeal of Kashmire Merkaney (“the
Appellant”) against the entirety of the decision of the Judge below in NCL
Housing Pte Ltd v Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd and others [2021] SGHC 29
(“the Judgment”), where the Judge granted judgment in favour of NCL Housing
Pte Ltd (“the Respondent”). SUM 8/2022 is the Appellant’s application for
leave to adduce further evidence on appeal (“the Application”).

2 The Appellant gave 20 personal guarantees for 20 corresponding interest-free
loans (“the Loans”) that were made by the Respondent to her father-in-law’s
company, Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd (“SST”). Each loan was for a year.
The 20 guarantees were given over a period, from 29 November 2016 to 4 October
2017. The Respondent sued the Appellant after SST defaulted on the loans
totalling $4,090,830.26 (“the Loan Amount”). The crux of the Appellant’s
defence before the Judge was that there was an oral agreement not to enforce
the personal guarantees, and the personal guarantees were a mere formality.
She also claimed that the Respondent had acted unconscionably because of the
exploitative circumstances under which she issued the personal guarantees, and
the Respondent’s conduct which caused SST to collapse and default in repayment
of the Loan Amount. In addition, the Appellant counterclaimed for rescission
of the personal guarantees and damages for breach of the oral agreement. In so
far as the Appellant’s pleadings mentioned misrepresentation, this was
premised on the terms of the oral agreement and did not take her case any
further. In her appeal, she focussed on the oral agreement (and not
misrepresentation), and we do so likewise while also addressing her
allegations about the Respondent’s conduct.

3 The Judge did not accept her defences, and found that the alleged oral
agreement did not exist. On appeal, the Appellant repeated these arguments,
and additionally raised the defence of economic duress, that she was coerced
into signing the personal guarantees. But this was not the pleaded case before
the Judge, and on that basis we decline to consider it.

4 On the existence of the oral agreement, the Judge’s findings could not be
said to be against the weight of the evidence:

(a) The allegation about the oral agreement was raised only after the
Respondent had filed an action to claim repayment of the Loans.

(b) The Judge rightly considered that all of the Loan Agreements contained an
“entire agreement” clause, which put paid to the oral agreement argument
raised by the Appellant.

(c) There is no documentary evidence supporting the Appellant’s assertion that
the Respondent promised not to enforce the personal guarantees.

(d) As we agree with the Judge that the oral agreement did not exist, this
would also dispose of the Appellant’s contention that she was wrongfully
removed as a director, as the said oral agreement allegedly included a term
that she would not be removed as a director.

(e) Further, given the Judge’s findings on the Appellant setting up Seashore
Holdings Pte Ltd (“SSH”), it is unsurprising that the Respondent had to act as
it did.

5 We note that the crux of the Appellant’s case on appeal is that the Judge
came to the wrong conclusion because he did not have the benefit of
considering other evidence, which she claimed was due to her counsel’s
incompetence to put before the Judge. On that basis, we turn to address the
Application.

6 We do not find the Application meritorious. The Appellant would need to show
that she has fulfilled the three requirements in Ladd v Marshall, namely that
(i) the evidence could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence; (ii)
the evidence would be material to the outcome of the appeal; and (iii) the
evidence is credible. These are cumulative requirements: BNX v BOE [2018] 2
SLR 215 at [74]. The Ladd v Marshall requirements should be applied with full
rigour when proceedings below were a full trial: Anan Group (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341 (“Anan”). But they may
be relaxed where: (a) the new evidence reveals a fraud that has been
perpetrated on the trial court; (b) the applicant was prevented from adducing
further evidence during the hearing below in circumstances which amount to a
denial of natural justice; or (c) the subject matter of the dispute engenders
interests of particular importance to the litigant or to the society at large
(Anan at [58]). The Appellant could, at best, make the argument for the court
to relax the Ladd v Marshall requirements under situation (b).

7 In our view, the Ladd v Marshall requirements should be applied with full
rigour, as the proceedings below were a full trial. Moreover, the requirements
should not be relaxed in this case. Although she alleged that it was her
counsel’s incompetence or refusal to put before the Judge evidence of three
witnesses, we do not find that a valid reason to relax the Ladd v Marshall
requirements. First, that her counsel was incompetent or refused to put
forward such evidence is a bare allegation on her part. The evidence of three
witnesses could have been obtained with reasonable diligence. Her explanation
that her counsel did not call Mr Chua Choon Meng (“Mr Chua”), Mr Mohamed
Husainsa Meraikayar Syed Mushathik (“Mr Husainsa”) and Mr Liow Fook Kee (“Mr
Liow”) to testify because their evidence was irrelevant is a matter between
the Appellant and her counsel who had conduct of the counterclaim and defence.
She similarly claims that the counsel advised that the other evidence, namely
the account books of another company, SSH, was not relevant to her claim of
personal guarantees. Counsel’s alleged error, if any, is not a valid reason to
adduce further evidence which was otherwise available.

8 Secondly, as we address below in considering the Ladd v Marshall
requirements, the evidence of the three witnesses is not material. Crucially,
the affidavit evidence of Mr Chua, Mr Husainsa and Mr Liow is untested. As
this court has considered in Yee Heng Khay (alias Roger) v Angliss Singapore
Pte Ltd and another matter [2022] SGHC(A) 20 at [32], it is at odds with the
exercise of appellate jurisdiction to reverse the judgment below on the basis
of untested evidence. That would require us to act as the court of first
instance, and that is not the basis for appellate jurisdiction. Admitting such
evidence would also be prejudicial to the Respondent who has not tested such
evidence and put its case to the witnesses.

9 Moreover, from the affidavits, none of the three witnesses have personal
knowledge of the alleged oral agreement. They have no personal knowledge of
the meeting that allegedly took place, which renders their evidence on the
oral agreement essentially hearsay. We further observe the following:

(a) On Mr Husainsa’s claim that the representative of NCL, one Mr Choo Kim
Hiong (“Mr Choo”), had refused to co-sign cheques, his assertion does not
address the allegation of unconscionability that Mr Choo had unreasonably
refused to sign cheques, which has been raised before and addressed by the
Judge.

(b) The account books of SSH and the correspondence with William Loh are
similarly immaterial to the current appeal. They do not show how such an oral
agreement existed.

(c) As the Respondent has rightly pointed out in the Respondent’s Case, the
Appellant has not established that the documentary evidence is authentic or
credible. This is an unaudited account signed by Mr Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai
(“Mr Balan”), the Appellant’s husband, who was also called as a witness below
but failed to introduce such evidence. Also, the account has no bearing on the
issues at trial. The same can be said about the correspondence with Mr William
Loh. They were never produced during the trial even though they were within
the Appellant’s possession. The Appellant has also failed to explain in her
affidavit why this is material. The correspondence with Mr Loh is similarly
immaterial. In any event, the WhatsApp messages in July 2020 relate to the
judicial management process of SST, which has no bearing on the Appellant’s
case on appeal pertaining to the formation of an oral agreement as early as
2016.

10 On the issue of unconscionability, which is another issue the Appellant has
re-stated on appeal, we do not find the Appellant’s allegations meritorious.
The Judge has dealt with her allegations comprehensively, and rightly found
that her allegations did not meet the legal requirements set out in BOM v BOK
and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 349, because the burden is on the Appellant to
show that there was an infirmity of such gravity that was exploited by the
Respondent in procuring the transaction. The Judge had gone through these
factors and concluded that the allegations simply did not meet the threshold,
and in any event these allegations were not factually sound:

(a) Impecuniosity: the Appellant’s allegation of her impecuniosity and the
Respondent’s knowledge of it runs contrary to the contemporaneous evidence. In
his WhatsApp messages to the Respondent’s representatives, Mr Balan offered
his two family homes worth $2.5m as security. Further, SST was a family
business with a long history, the Judge rightly found that there was basis for
the Respondent to assume that the family could have accumulated wealth from it
over the years. But this is not in any event material given that we have
dismissed the oral agreement argument.

(b) The Appellant’s mental state: even if we take the Appellant’s evidence at
face value that she suffered from depression, this was never conveyed to the
Respondent at the time of the relevant agreements. Neither was it suggested at
trial that the Respondent was aware of her depression. Therefore, it is not
material to the validity of the personal guarantees.

(c) The lack of independent legal advice: the evidence shows that the
Appellant was assisted by solicitors during the negotiation of various
agreements. This was accepted by the Appellant at trial. There was even an
email dated 1 February 2017 from her solicitors referring to the fact that the
debts were personally guaranteed (see Judgment at [33]).

(d) Oppressive terms: the terms of the Loans could not be said to be
oppressive. They were interest-free for a year, and after which an interest
rate of 10% per annum would apply. The Appellant has failed to show how these
were unfair terms. Neither could she show that the terms of the personal
guarantees were one-sided, as she had legal representation at the material
time.

(e) Proposals: The Judge has also applied his mind to the proposals, which the
Appellant claimed were proposed settlements the Respondent had unreasonably
rejected.

(i) For the Kerry-ITS offer, Mr Balan liaised with Mr William Loh, and yet no
meeting happened. It was not the Respondent who rejected the offer.

(ii) The other offers were either not relevant to settling the Loan Amounts in
question, or took place after the commencement of this suit. The Judge was
right in finding that the Respondent did not act unreasonably in relation to
these proposals.

11 In addition, the Appellant argued that the Respondent had managed SST
poorly, and “destroyed” SST, such that SST could not pay back the Loans. The
Judge has dealt with and rejected her allegation. The Judge found that NCL did
supply the necessary funding to SST and did not breach any commitment to SST.
We are of the view that the Judge’s findings are supported by evidence, and
the further evidence the Appellant seeks to adduce, for the reasons stated
above, does not suffice to show that the Judge’s findings were plainly wrong.

12 The Appellant also raised various allegations in this appeal, such as the
Respondent’s failure to fulfil its “obligation” to lend her $5m and the
alleged wrongful appointment of Mr Azad Deen. Regarding the $5m, the Judge has
rightly considered the point at para 40 of the Judgment that this was not the
Appellant’s pleaded case, nor was it in the AEIC, and was a baseless claim. We
agree.

13 Insofar as the appointment of Mr Deen is concerned, these events took place
before the trial below commenced. The judicial management process commenced in
2019, and the Appellant swore the affidavit of evidence-in-chief for the trial
below in October 2020. Although she did mention Mr Deen’s father
misappropriating company assets in 2017 and the fact of Mr Deen’s appointment,
she made no mention how Mr Deen’s appointment or his dealings with the
judicial manager had any bearing on her case, which was about the
enforceability of the personal guarantees or the defence of unconscionability.
We reiterate our earlier point that it is not within the appellate
jurisdiction to address such new points of fact that should have been raised
before the Judge.

14 We therefore dismiss both the Application and the Appeal. The parties’
cases are largely factual. The Judge has dealt with the salient issues
comprehensively, and the Appellant has not shown that his findings were
against the weight of the evidence or plainly wrong. As such, appellate
intervention is unwarranted.

15 On the issue of costs, there are four items to be considered: (a) the
Application to adduce further evidence; (b) the appeal; (c) the previous
Extension of Time Application by the Appellant under Summons 33; and (d) the
Striking Out Application by the Respondent. The Respondent now seeks a total
of $55,000 plus disbursements of $3,888 for all four items of costs.

(a) On the Striking out Application, we decline to award costs. The Respondent
could have waited for the appeal to be deemed withdrawn instead of filing the
Striking Out Application.

(b) Therefore, we fix lump sum costs for (a), (b) and (c) at $45,000 all-in.

16 The usual consequential orders apply.

Belinda Ang Saw EanJudge of the Appellate Division| Woo Bih LiJudge of the
Appellate Division  
---|---  
Quentin LohJudge of the Appellate Division|  
  
The Appellant in person and unrepresented;  
Mulani Prakash P and Safiuddin Naseem (M&A Law Corporation) for the
Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 May 2022 (17:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

