Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 13

Suit No 242 of 2019

Between

| Hainan Hui Bang Construction Investment Group Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ma Binxiang  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Evidence — Admissibility of evidence — Hearsay]

[Conflict of Laws — Choice of law — Contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hainan Hui Bang Construction Investment Group Ltd

  
v

  

Ma Binxiang

[2022] SGHC 13

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 242 of 2019  
Chan Seng Onn SJ  
28–30 October, 4, 5, 9–12 November 2020, 13–16, 19, 21–23, 26, 27 July 2021, 4
October 2021

18 January 2022 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn SJ:

Introduction

1 The dispute in the present suit centres on certain moneys transferred to the
defendant. The plaintiff company alleges that those moneys were held on trust
for it, pursuant to an oral agreement for the defendant to invest these moneys
for the plaintiff. The defendant denies this, claiming that in truth, the
moneys were remuneration paid to him, pursuant to a broader arrangement
between him and a high-ranking person within the plaintiff’s corporate
structure. The defendant further alleges that this person has orchestrated
this suit as retaliation for the defendant’s eventual unwillingness to comply
with his schemes, and counterclaims for a sum said to be due under one of
those schemes.

2 The court must decide which version of events has been proven, and consider
the legal consequences flowing therefrom.

The parties

3 The plaintiff is a company incorporated under the laws of the People’s
Republic of China (“PRC”) and is in the business of property development,
among other things. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Li Keyi (“Li’s AEIC”) at para 3.

4 The defendant is a PRC national. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 6.

From October 2010 to March 2018, he was an employee of Weiye Holdings Limited
(“Weiye”), a Singapore-incorporated property development company which is
principally based in the PRC. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 7–8.

Since then, he has been running his own investment company. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 6.

5 A key figure in this dispute, though he is not a party named to this suit,
is one Zhang Wei (“Zhang”), who was at the material time chairman of Weiye’s
board of directors and the plaintiff’s Supervisor (a position in PRC law which
entails exercising supervisory functions over a company’s senior management 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Chen Lei (“Prof Chen’s AEIC”) at paras 62–66.

). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 10.

The background to the dispute

6 This matter is notable in that the parties have disagreed on virtually every
aspect of the factual background underlying this dispute. Around the few
agreed facts and documents placed before the court, each party has constructed
its own narrative, wholly incompatible with the other. Before the issues can
be crystallised, it is necessary to recount in some detail each party’s
version of events.

The plaintiff’s version of events

7 The plaintiff identifies the seed of the relationship between itself and the
defendant in a friendship between the defendant and one Li Keyi (“Li”). The
defendant and Li met in or around 2012, when both of them were working at
Weiye. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Li’s AEIC at para 5.

They became good friends, and remained so after Li left Weiye to join the
plaintiff as a director in 2013. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 6–7.

Consequently, when the plaintiff was looking in early 2015 to invest in
foreign stocks in Singapore and/or Hong Kong, Li reached out to the defendant
to ask if he could help with the investment. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 7–8.

8 According to the plaintiff, this discussion resulted in an oral agreement
between Li (on behalf of the plaintiff) and the defendant sometime in early to
mid-2015 (the “Investment Agreement”). The plaintiff was to transfer a
principal sum of money (which eventually amounted to a total of S$1,784,350)
to the defendant, who would hold it and invest it in equity stocks on stock
exchanges in Singapore and/or Hong Kong for and on behalf of the plaintiff. On
the plaintiff’s demand at any time, the defendant was to fully account for and
return to the plaintiff the principal sum, along with all profits, dividends
and benefits derived therefrom. The defendant would then be remunerated
according to the investment returns, with the quantum of remuneration to be
determined after the investment returns had been accounted for. If the
investment resulted in losses for the plaintiff, the defendant would not be
remunerated. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 9–10.

9 Having entered into the Investment Agreement, the plaintiff now had to
transfer the principal sum to the defendant. However, it faced an obstacle in
the form of capital control regulations in the PRC. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Li’s AEIC at para 15.

The plaintiff therefore borrowed moneys from various intermediaries with bank
accounts outside the PRC, and had them transfer the respective sums borrowed
directly to the defendant: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 11 and 15.

(a) S$339,000 from Li;

(b) S$105,350 from one Liu Hongen;

(c) S$460,000 from one Max Fill International Limited (“Max Fill”); and

(d) S$880,000 from one Well Fai International Limited (“Well Fai”).

While these sums were transferred to a UOB Bank account held by the defendant
(the “UOB Account”), the plaintiff alleges that the defendant made use of two
other accounts in managing the investment, one with China Construction Bank
(Asia) Hong Kong (the “CCB Account”) and another with KGI Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (the “KGI Account”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 5.

I shall refer to all three accounts collectively as the “Accounts”.

10 The plaintiff did not keep a close eye on this investment. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Li’s AEIC at para 19.

Li explained that this was due, among other things, to the small scale of the
investment relative to the plaintiff’s usual business within the PRC, and to
the fact that the defendant would occasionally update Li, who would pass the
information on to the plaintiff’s management. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 19(b) and (d).

11 Things changed in 2018. In January and March that year, Li received
troubling news that the defendant was being investigated by Weiye for
misappropriation of funds. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 20–22.

After discussing this with the plaintiff’s president and legal representative,
Wang Xianzhou (“Wang”), the plaintiff decided to terminate the Investment
Agreement and retrieve the principal sum and the investment returns from the
defendant. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Li’s AEIC at para 23.

However, the defendant demurred, citing certain difficulties in the stock
market. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Li’s AEIC at para 23.

Li was therefore tasked to obtain a written document from the defendant to
attest to the existence of the Investment Agreement and to the defendant’s
obligation to return the moneys. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Li’s AEIC at para 24.

This was done on 15 March 2018, with the defendant drafting and executing the
following declaration (the “Declaration”) himself: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Li’s AEIC at para 29 and p 244.

I, [the defendant,] hereby declare that all the cash deposits and stocks in
[the Accounts] are owned by [the plaintiff]. I have no ownership rights and
disposal rights to all the assets in the abovementioned accounts. Instead,
[the plaintiff] has all ownership rights and disposal rights to all the assets
in the abovementioned accounts. The undersigned shall voluntarily cooperate
with [the plaintiff] in completing other operations such as the realization of
the accounts, transfer etc.

12 Thereafter, for a time, the defendant appeared to be acquiescing to the
plaintiff’s desire to terminate the Investment Agreement. In June and July
2018, the defendant indicated to Li that he would be liquidating the shares
and securities held in the Accounts. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 35–36.

However, in August 2018, prior to undertaking certain procedures he claimed
were necessary to transfer the principal sum and the investment returns to the
plaintiff, the defendant asked the plaintiff to reimburse him for personal
income tax to be incurred in respect of the principal sum and investment
returns residing in the Accounts. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Li’s AEIC at para 38.

The plaintiff agreed to this. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Li’s AEIC at para 38.

The defendant thus commissioned the preparation of a tax report, which
indicated that he was liable to pay personal income tax of RMB1,189,071.74. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Li’s AEIC at para 40.

The parties then agreed that the defendant would be reimbursed for RMB680,000
first and then the remainder upon the return of the principal sum and the
investment returns, for a total of RMB1.18 million of income tax. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Li’s AEIC at para 41.

Accordingly, the first tranche of RMB680,000 was transferred to the
defendant’s designated recipient company, Hainan Jiaopu Information Technology
Co Ltd on 13 September 2018 through Li and a third party. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Li’s AEIC at para 45.

13 The plaintiff therefore arranged for the defendant to fly to Singapore on
21 September 2018 to complete the necessary transfer procedures. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Li’s AEIC at para 48.

However, although the defendant informed Li at 2pm that day that he had
arrived in Singapore, he became uncontactable thereafter. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Li’s AEIC at para 49.

14 The defendant resurfaced only on 29 September 2018, asking Li to meet him
on 3 October 2018 in the PRC. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Li’s AEIC at para 53.

It is Li’s evidence that at the meeting, the defendant admitted that he had
not entered Singapore on 21 September 2018, and that he was under
investigation by the Singapore authorities and would only enter Singapore to
complete the necessary transfer procedures after the investigation concluded.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Li’s AEIC at para 54.

15 In view of the defendant’s behaviour, a meeting was arranged between the
defendant, Li and Wang in October 2018. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Li’s AEIC at para 66.

Li says that the defendant stormed out of the meeting, and later informed him
that he would not return the principal sum and the investment returns to the
plaintiff. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Li’s AEIC at para 67.

16 After taking time to obtain legal advice, Li (on behalf of the plaintiff)
sent the defendant a WeChat message demanding immediate payment of the
principal sum and the investment returns, failing which HHBC would commence
legal proceedings against the defendant to recover the same. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Li’s AEIC at paras 69–70 and p 354.

The defendant did not respond. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Li’s AEIC at para 70.

Accordingly, the plaintiff began the present action.

The defendant’s version of events

17 The defendant, meanwhile, has painted a starkly different picture, one that
centres on alleged interactions with Zhang, who was then the chairman of
Weiye’s board of directors and the Supervisor of the plaintiff. According to
the defendant, the true arrangement that led to the deposit of a total of
S$1,784,350 in his UOB Account was not the Investment Agreement for him to
undertake investments on the plaintiff’s behalf, but rather an arrangement
between him and Zhang (“Zhang Wei’s Arrangement”).

18 In December 2014, the defendant was contemplating leaving Weiye to pursue
his own ambitions in respect of investing. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 14–15.

The defendant informed Zhang of this, and suggested that since he wished to
set up his own investment firm to manage investments of about RMB100 million,
continuing at Weiye would be akin to giving up commission and returns which he
could earn on those sums. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 16.

Upon hearing this, Zhang made the defendant an offer: if the defendant were to
stay on at Weiye, while providing Zhang with investment consultancy and
management services, Zhang would pay him a single lump sum of RMB9 million (ie
a 3% rate of return per annum on RMB100 million, calculated over three years).
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 17.

The defendant accepted this offer. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 18.

Accordingly, Zhang – and not the plaintiff – caused the sum of S$1,764,350
(being supposedly the Singapore dollars equivalent of RMB9 million) to be
transferred into the defendant’s UOB Account, through Li, Liu Hongen, Max Fill
and Well Fai. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 25 and 28.

19 Thereafter, from around May 2015 to January 2018, the defendant advised
Zhang on various investments and executed those investments on his behalf.
Over time, these investments mainly consisted of trading in Weiye shares in
the stock market and monitoring such trades. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 45.

In January 2018, Zhang Wei’s Arrangement came to a close, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 50.

and the defendant left Weiye to set up his own investment firm in March 2018.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 58.

The defendant strenuously denies that his departure was prompted by any sort
of investigation at Weiye for misappropriation of funds, as alleged by the
plaintiff. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 55–57.

20 This account by the defendant provides an alternative explanation for the
entirety of the events set out by the plaintiff, save one: the Declaration
executed on 15 March 2018 by the defendant himself. That, the defendant says,
was executed in connection with a separate agreement, which he terms the
“Asset Exchange Agreement”. The Asset Exchange Agreement came about from a
conversation between the defendant and Li on 12 March 2018, wherein Li
conveyed a request from Zhang for the defendant to provide funds from the
Accounts (which were outside the PRC) to Weiye for its use outside the PRC. In
exchange, an equivalent sum in RMB would be transferred to the defendant’s
personal bank account in the PRC. The defendant would also be reimbursed for
the entirety of the personal income tax he would incur in the PRC as a result
of the assets exchanged (which in essence leads to a remittance of the
defendant’s monies in Singapore currency in Singapore back to China in RMB in
exchange for a remittance of the plaintiff’s monies in RMB out of China to
Singapore in Singapore currency). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 62–63.

The defendant was happy to oblige, as it would have been cumbersome for him to
move his funds in Singapore back into the PRC himself. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 63.

Thus, Li – on behalf of the plaintiff – entered into an agreement on these
terms with the defendant. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 64.

Li further requested that the defendant sign a document which stated that any
and all assets held in the Accounts were owned by the plaintiff. In order to
show his commitment to the Asset Exchange Agreement, the defendant signed the
Declaration. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 65.

He denies that he drafted the Declaration, and says that it was instead Li who
presented him with an unsigned copy to execute. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 66.

21 It is out of the Asset Exchange Agreement that the defendant’s counterclaim
arises. He alleges that pursuant to that agreement, Xu Jingbo (“Xu”), Zhang’s
secretary at the time, transferred a total of HK$2,785,000 from the CCB
Account to Li in August 2018. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 71.

However, no equivalent sum was transferred to the defendant’s bank account in
the PRC thereafter. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 77.

The defendant also agrees that he was transferred RMB680,000 by the plaintiff
in September 2018 as reimbursement of part of his income tax, but alleges that
he is owed the remaining RMB509,071.74. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 78.

22 Around this time, the defendant’s relationship with Zhang began to crumble.
The defendant claims that he began growing doubtful of the legitimacy of
Zhang’s purposes underlying the Asset Exchange Agreement. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 85, 87 and 88.

His October 2018 meeting with Li and Wang was the last straw: when the
Declaration was produced and he was asked to return the moneys in the Accounts
to the plaintiff, he stormed out of the meeting. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 90.

23 It is the defendant’s case that the plaintiff’s claim has in truth been
engineered by Zhang. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 6.

He alleges that the plaintiff was and is ultimately controlled by Zhang, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 10–12.

and that this present suit is Zhang’s attempt to claw back the remuneration
paid to the defendant and a means of retaliation against him. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at para 6.

Procedural history

24 The plaintiff commenced the present action on 4 March 2019, and the
defendant responded with his defence and counterclaim on 6 June 2019. The
trial was bifurcated, and the liability stage of the trial was heard before me
in two tranches, one in October to November 2020 and the other in July 2021.

25 At the trial, Li and Wang gave evidence as factual witnesses for the
plaintiff, while the sole factual witness for the defendant was the defendant
himself. The parties also each called an expert witness on PRC law: Professor
Chen Lei (“Prof Chen”) for the plaintiff and Professor Liu Qiao (“Prof Liu”)
for the defendant.

The parties’ cases

26 The plaintiff argues that in failing to carry out his obligation to return
the principal sum and the investment returns on demand, the defendant was in
breach of the Investment Agreement and is liable for damages. Alternatively,
the defendant holds the principal sum, the investment returns and the first
tranche of RMB680,000 in income tax – as well as all profits derived therefrom
– on trust for the plaintiff. Both the Investment Agreement and the
trusteeship are governed by Singapore law. In breaching the Investment
Agreement and the duties of his trusteeship, the defendant is liable to the
plaintiff for damages and/or an account. Further, neither Zhang Wei’s
Arrangement nor the Asset Exchange Agreement existed, and the plaintiff
therefore has no liability thereunder.

27 The defendant’s case is the obverse of the plaintiff’s. He argues that
neither the Investment Agreement nor the trustee relationship has been proven.
Even if the court were to find that either had been proven by the plaintiff,
each would be invalid or unenforceable, whether under PRC law or Singapore
law. On the contrary, it is the plaintiff who has breached the Asset Exchange
Agreement, and the defendant counterclaims for the equivalent in RMB of the
HK$2,785,000 transferred by Xu to Li and the balance of his unpaid personal
income tax of RMB509,071.74.

Issues to be determined

28 As will be clear by this juncture, the parties’ narratives are practically
irreconcilable. Any analysis of the parties’ rights and obligations must
therefore necessarily begin with an evaluation of which account, if any, is to
be accepted by the court. In that connection, the court will have to examine
whether each of the alleged agreements in this matter (ie Zhang Wei’s
Arrangement, the Investment Agreement and the Asset Exchange Agreement) has
been proven on the balance of probabilities. As these agreements are each said
to be oral, the court is left to consider the surrounding circumstances, the
documentary evidence produced and the inherent likeliness of each agreement.

29 Thereafter, the following questions will have to be answered in respect of
each agreement or relationship found to be established as a fact on the
balance of probabilities:

(a) What the proper law governing that agreement or relationship is;

(b) Whether that agreement or relationship is invalid or unenforceable;

(c) The exact scope of the obligations thereunder and the extent of any breach
thereof; and

(d) What the remedy arising therefrom, if any, should be.

The agreements established on the balance of probabilities

Zhang’s involvement

30 Before I consider each of the agreements, I must first address the
defendant’s allegation that in truth, Zhang is the mastermind who has
orchestrated matters at every step of the way up to and including this present
suit. This is an allegation which permeates every aspect of the defendant’s
case, and it ought to be dealt with at the earliest juncture.

31 I do not find that the defendant has made out his allegation. None of the
reasons given by the defendant for his characterisation of Zhang are
independently persuasive, and the overall picture that is painted does not
rise to the level of control that the defendant alleges.

32 The first reason given by the defendant is that Zhang was a Supervisor of
the plaintiff until 15 September 2015. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS at para 109.

In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), the defendant explained that
under the laws of the PRC, Zhang, as a Supervisor, would have been in a
position to exercise various powers of inspection and supervision over the
plaintiff’s directors and senior management. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 10.

However, as Prof Chen explained, a Supervisor is not regarded as senior
management under PRC law and is not involved in any of a company’s decision-
making process. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Prof Chen’s AEIC at para 65–66; Transcript, 9 November 2020, p 93 lines 5–19.

In light of this rebuttal, the defendant could only suggest that it was not
impossible for an individual to indirectly exercise control over a company’s
decision-making. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 9 November 2020, p 92 lines 15–18; DCS at para 110.

But that reduces the inquiry to an examination of the individual’s specific
influence over the company’s affairs and employees. In other words, the fact
of Zhang’s appointment as a Supervisor does not stand in and of itself as a
reason to regard him as controlling the plaintiff’s affairs.

33 The second reason given by the defendant is an allegation that Zhang was in
truth the beneficial owner of the plaintiff. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCS at para 111.

The defendant submits that at all material times, the plaintiff’s shareholders
were all merely nominee shareholders for Zhang. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at para 111.

However, as the plaintiff points out, this is nothing more than pure
supposition. The defendant largely bases his allegation on Li and Wang’s
inability at trial to explain some aspects of certain transfers of the
plaintiff’s shares. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at para 128.

I fail to see how this might found any inferences as to Zhang’s beneficial
ownership of the plaintiff.

34 Next, the defendant argues that the employees and senior management of the
plaintiff are linked to Zhang: for instance, Li and Wang were previously
employed by Weiye or Weiye’s related companies. From this, the defendant
extrapolates that Li and Wang, along with potentially others, had been placed
in key positions in the plaintiff by Zhang so that he would have trusted
individuals who would carry out his instructions within the plaintiff. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at para 112(d).

Once more, no substantiation is provided for this leap of logic. Li and Wang’s
past employment histories do not in and of themselves indicate that they were
Zhang’s puppets. I reject this speculation.

35 The defendant also pointed to specific instances of Zhang’s supposed
control over the plaintiff’s affairs, including signing off on a shareholders’
resolution of a subsidiary of the plaintiff as the plaintiff’s sole
representative, and authorising the issuance of an internal document dealing
with salaries for all levels of employees of the plaintiff. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at para 113.

However, even if I accept the authenticity and validity of the subsidiary’s
shareholders’ resolution (which the plaintiff appears to contest 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 247.

), the appointment of Zhang as the plaintiff’s sole representative at such a
meeting does not strike me as indicating, in and of itself, that Zhang had
control over the plaintiff’s affairs. The resolution concerned a high-level
change of personnel at the subsidiary. I do not think that the conclusion that
the defendant draws from the resolution – that Zhang “had the authority to
make decisions … on behalf of the Plaintiff” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 113(b).

– is warranted: personnel changes are often planned in advance, and Zhang
could have signed off merely as the formal representative of the subsidiary’s
parent company, without having had any input over the substance of the matter.
Similarly, even if I accept the authenticity of the salary guide (which the
plaintiff strenuously denies 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at para 246.

), I find that the appearance of Zhang’s name as the issuer of the salary
guide does not, in and of itself, indicate substantive control, given that
part of his role as Supervisor would have been to “[conduct] inspection of the
financial issues of the company”, in the words of Prof Chen. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Prof Chen’s AEIC at para 63(a).

36 Finally, the defendant submits that Li and Wang, who were the plaintiff’s
factual witnesses at trial, are controlled either directly or indirectly by
Zhang. In this respect, I find that Li, at least, did have some ties with
Zhang. For instance, they are cousins, although some years apart in age and
according to Li not very close. A company which Li was involved in was also
party to a suit in the PRC with Zhang in recent years, though the court in
that case did not make any findings as to any sort of personal relationship
between the two individuals. However, once again, I do not find that these
facts adduced by the defendant prove to any significant degree that Zhang
wielded control over Li and Wang, and that they were at all relevant times
mere extensions of his will.

37 In short, I accept that there exists evidence tying Zhang to various
companies and parties in this matter. However, the defendant’s allegations go
further than that: he says that Zhang was and is the mastermind behind various
events leading up to and including this suit. Yet, the evidence which the
defendant has presented in this regard is at best circumstantial in some
respects and is non-existent in others. Accordingly, I do not consider the
defendant to have made his case out in this regard.

38 It is also a constant refrain of the defendant, in respect of particular
aspects of the plaintiff’s conduct or the litigation, that Zhang had directed
some specific chicanery. In other words, Zhang was the puppeteer behind the
scenes. It suffices to say that the defendant furnishes insufficient evidence
to reveal Zhang’s unseen hand and to prove these allegations. I therefore make
no further mention of Zhang’s supposed manipulation.

39 In any event, I observe that Zhang’s involvement is ultimately secondary to
the question at the core of this matter: was the S$1,784,350 transferred into
the defendant’s UOB account as remuneration for the defendant (pursuant to
Zhang Wei’s Arrangement), or was it transferred as the principal sum for
investment on behalf of the plaintiff (pursuant to the Investment Agreement)?

Zhang Wei’s Arrangement

40 I begin with Zhang Wei’s Arrangement.

41 Before I proceed, I note that the defendant has argued that he ultimately
does not bear any legal burden of proving the existence or enforceability of
Zhang Wei’s Arrangement. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 27.

This is true in one sense: it is the plaintiff’s case that the S$1,784,350 was
transferred to the defendant as a principal sum for investment, and if the
plaintiff does not prove on the balance of probabilities that this was the
case – as opposed to any alternative explanations – then its claim will fail.
In that sense, the burden of proof in relation to the Investment Agreement
rests on the plaintiff and not the defendant. However, in asserting one such
alternative explanation that it was to be the defendant’s remuneration
(instead of an investment) (ie Zhang Wei’s Arrangement), the defendant bears
the burden of proof with regard to that alternative explanation: see s 105 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (the “EA”). To suggest otherwise is
mischievous.

42 To briefly recapitulate, according to the defendant, in December 2014 Zhang
agreed to pay him an upfront lump sum of RMB9 million for his future
investment consultancy and management services. Zhang therefore caused the
S$1,784,350 to be paid into his UOB Account through intermediaries as his
remuneration for his future services.

43 The plaintiff argues that this is an inherently unbelievable arrangement.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at paras 210–211.

That lump sum of RMB9 million dwarfed the defendant’s last drawn monthly
salary, which was RMB5,495 per month. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at para 211; Defendant’s AEIC at pp 515 and 518.

The plaintiff points out that the defendant’s account would mean that he had
been offered approximately 134 years’ worth of his salary up front. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS at para 211.

Further, according to the defendant, he was to be paid the lump sum of RMB9
million regardless of the quantum of funds he would ultimately be managing for
Zhang and regardless of his future performance as a fund manager (ie
irrespective whether he would turn in meagre profits or worse, massive losses
when managing the funds for Zhang). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS at para 210.

44 The defendant responds that the RMB9 million figure was calculated off
opportunity cost, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at para 145.

ie based on an estimated 3% per annum rate of return from managing a fund of
RMB100 million outside of Weiye for three years. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 17.

It was also simply up to Zhang how he wanted to engage the defendant’s
services. As a matter of fact, although the defendant was not privy to it at
the time, the quantum of funds he would be managing was not the key
consideration of his employment, but the specific trades he undertook with
respect to Weiye’s shares, which enabled Zhang to delist Weiye from the
Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited in 2018. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCS at para 49; DRS at para 144(c).

45 I agree with the plaintiff that Zhang Wei’s Arrangement is prima facie
implausible. At the time that the arrangement was purportedly entered into,
the defendant was relatively inexperienced: he had never been a professional
fund manager, and had never handled investments professionally. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, 21 July 2021, p 1 line 21 to p 2 line 2.

It is plainly not believable that Zhang, whom the defendant himself has
portrayed as an experienced businessman, would have made such a generous offer
to an unproven, fresh-faced young employee. I use “generous” here not merely
in the sense that RMB9 million is a large sum, but also that Zhang would have
had to be extremely generous of spirit to take the defendant at his word that
he could leave Weiye to manage a RMB100 million fund as a fund manager –
again, without any prior experience – and to decide to remunerate the
defendant handsomely and in advance on that basis and without any proof of his
performance as a fund manager yet.

46 Further, the investment consultancy and management services which the
defendant professed in his AEIC to have offered Zhang turned out at cross-
examination to be as such: “basically Zhang Wei would tell me what shares he
wanted to buy and I basically had to obey what he said”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 21 July 2021, p 26 lines 11–13.

Even though he provided Zhang with suggestions and consulting services, Zhang
did not accept his suggestions, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, 21 July 2021, p 27 lines 21–23.

and only directed him to buy Weiye’s shares. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 21 July 2021, p 43 lines 15–20.

The defendant estimated the total value of the Weiye shares thus bought at
about HK$30 million. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript, 21 July 2021, P 42 lines 8–19.

RMB9 million would be, very roughly, 30% of that sum. That would be a
remarkable amount to be paying somebody to merely carry out instructions to
purchase a single company’s shares. I find it hard to believe that the
defendant, who was to merely execute Zhang’s instructions to buy Weiye’s
shares, would need to be rewarded RMB9 million by Zhang as remuneration. These
appeared to be administrative actions not unlike those of a stock trading
remisier in a stock broking firm. Furthermore, based on the transaction
records, these purchases were rather infrequent. There was no active trading
in Weiye’s shares. In other words, even as administrative work, there was
hardly any work done as a whole for Zhang over the three years for the
defendant to deserve that huge sum of remuneration paid.

47 Finally, I do not find persuasive the defendant’s argument that the value
of his services lay in allowing Zhang to delist Weiye in 2018. The question is
whether it is likely that Zhang would have entered into this arrangement with
the defendant in December 2014. It does not make commercial sense that Zhang
would have in 2014 considered RMB9 million a reasonable commission, so to
speak, to pay someone to buy HK$30 million worth of shares, for a delisting
exercise that was to take place four years later in 2018. I find it difficult
to believe, in the first place, that Zhang would have foreseen and therefore
already planned for a delisting four years in advance, and therefore pay the
defendant his full remuneration upfront to assist in that delisting, even if
the defendant’s future work could be valued as RMB9 million.

48 It is often said that extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
Insofar as a civil claim is concerned, this does not mean a higher standard of
proof; rather, a party seeking to establish some farfetched case must produce
proportionally strong evidence in order to show that that farfetched case is
more likely than not to be true.

49 I turn therefore to consider the evidence produced by the defendant in
support of Zhang Wei’s Arrangement. The key documents in this regard are:

(a) A document handed to the defendant on 31 December 2014 by one Liu Yang,
who was Zhang’s secretary then (the “Liu Yang Document”); 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 139–150.

(b) A letter of undertaking dated 20 March 2015 bearing the seal of “Hainan
Huibang Construction Investment Co Ltd” (the “Letter of Undertaking”); 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 153.

(c) Text messages between Zhang and the defendant from August 2015 to January
2016 (the “Text Messages”); 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 289–308.

and

(d) Emails from the defendant to Xu (another secretary of Zhang) in 2017 and
2018 (the “Emails”). 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 499; Defendant’s List of Documents (“DLOD”) at pp 48–61.

The Liu Yang Document

50 First, the Liu Yang Document is a short document purportedly containing the
details (including usernames and passwords) of several bank accounts under the
control of Zhang, which the defendant says was handed to him by Liu Yang
shortly after Zhang Wei’s Arrangement had been entered into. Although the
plaintiff disputes the authenticity of this document, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS at para 252.

the defendant claims that it contains various pieces of information which he
could not have been privy to. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS at para 39(a).

For instance, the document contains the telephone number of Li’s older
brother, which Li confirmed at trial was accurate. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 13 July 2021, p 7 lines 21–22.

Further, Li confirmed at trial that the signatures on the last page of the Liu
Yang Document resemble those of Zhang, Liu Yang and the defendant. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 13 July 2021, p 20 line 23 to p 21 line 13.

51 I find that the Liu Yang Document is probably authentic. It indicates that
the defendant was indeed tasked by Zhang with making trades. However, the
plaintiff also points out that upon cross-referencing the accounts identified
in the Liu Yang Document with bank statements disclosed by the defendant, the
account balances in those statements only adds up to about HK$30 million in
value of shares and funds. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Li’s AEIC at pp 889–892.

This figure aligns with that given by the defendant at trial, when estimating
the value of the Weiye shares he bought for Zhang (see [46] above). To that
extent, the Liu Yang Document suggests that the defendant did indeed work for
Zhang. What it does not indicate is that Zhang paid him RMB$9 million to do
this work; nor does it suggest a quantum of work to manage investment funds
much greater than HK$30 million which would justify RMB$9 million of
remuneration.

The Letter of Undertaking

52 The second key document which the defendant relies on is the Letter of
Undertaking dated 20 March 2015, which states as follows:

To: [the defendant]

Hainan Huibang Construction Investment Co Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “the
Company”) hereby makes the following undertaking to [the defendant]:
Henceforth, any money transfer made by the company or any third party
entrusted by the Company to any of [the defendant’s] foreign bank accounts
established outside Mainland China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)
shall all be for the purposes of remuneration. In the case of any inconsistent
transfer summary, the transfers shall be subject to this Letter of
Undertaking.

All legal and economic disputes arising from this Letter of Undertaking shall
have nothing to do with [the defendant], and shall be borne by the Company.

[emphasis added]

53 The Letter of Undertaking is said to attest to the defendant’s position
that the sum of S$1,784,350 deposited in his UOB Account was to be regarded as
remuneration.

54 There was once again much debate as to the authenticity of this document.
The plaintiff points out that the Letter of Undertaking is stamped with a seal
bearing the name “Hainan Huibang Construction Investment Co Ltd”. Although
this used to be the plaintiff’s name, this was no longer the case as of the
purported date of the Letter of Undertaking. From 1 November 2013, the
plaintiff changed its name to “Hainan Hui Bang Construction Investment Group
Ltd” (ie its current name). 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Li’s AEIC at para 104.

Accordingly, the old company stamp bearing the plaintiff’s old name was
destroyed on 18 November 2013 by the Haikou Municipal Public Security Bureau.
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Li’s AEIC at para 105.

Official documents attesting to the destruction of the old company stamp and
the registration of the plaintiff’s replacement stamp have been adduced. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Li’s AEIC at pp 499–504.

The plaintiff therefore asserts that the Letter of Undertaking must have been
fabricated by the defendant. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS at para 266.

55 The defendant insists that the Letter of Undertaking is genuine. First, he
argues that the plaintiff has no basis for their assertion of forgery, and
that any such assertions would be speculative at best. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS at para 41.

Second, the defendant suggests that perhaps the plaintiff had kept for later
usage copies of blank papers pre-stamped with the old company seal. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 22.

Third, the defendant argues that the plaintiff may have deliberately affixed
the old company seal to the Letter of Undertaking, precisely to deny its
validity if a dispute were to arise. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DRS at para 172.

In connection with this last argument, the defendant has pointed to
observations from the apex court of the PRC that “some companies … maliciously
affix non-recorded official seals or false official seals when signing the
contract”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Supplementary AEIC of Chen Lei (“Prof Chen’s Supplementary AEIC”) at p 256,
para 49.

56 I find that the Letter of Undertaking was indeed most likely fabricated. It
is disingenuous for the defendant to argue in the face of the discrepancy in
the name and the seal on the Letter of Undertaking that the plaintiff lacks
any basis for its assertion. The official documents concerning the destruction
of the old company stamp are strong evidence that the seal on the Letter of
Undertaking was not genuine. At trial, Li strongly rejected the possibility
that papers might have been pre-stamped: he was the legal representative of
the plaintiff at the time, and he would have known of such a use of the stamp.
I accept Li’s evidence in this regard. The defendant’s allegation that the
plaintiff might have deliberately used the old company seal is pure
conjecture; notwithstanding the general observations of the apex court of the
PRC, the defendant has not provided any evidence to suggest that in this
particular case, the plaintiff undertook such devious actions. I therefore
find that the Letter of Undertaking is not genuine, and it provides no support
for Zhang Wei’s Arrangement.

The Text Messages

57 Third, the defendant relies on the Text Messages as evidence of the work he
did for Zhang. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defendant’s AEIC at pp 289–308.

These messages are almost entirely one-sided, being largely comprised of
updates from the defendant in relation to stock prices and the occasional
single-line reply from Zhang.

58 I find that the Text Messages do indicate some relationship between the
defendant and Zhang. However, this relationship is not the one portrayed by
the defendant, where he had provided advice and consultancy services to Zhang.
The vast majority of the texts from the defendant read rather like a stock
ticker instead, containing only raw numbers and information and with very
little on top of that. I reproduce one such instance here: 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 298.

Dear Boss Zhang,

The positions held by Weiye Holdings Hainan Real Estate Co., Ltd today are as
follows: (1) Bohai Leasing: 530,000 shares, average position price: 9.02 yuan,
and closing price: 7.09 yuan; (2) Huaren Pharmaceutical: 126,000 shares,
average position price: 16.60 yuan, closing price: 10.67 yuan.

As of today, the company holds stock market value of 5,102,120 yuan, of which
utilized margin financing and securities lending of 2,617,249 yuan.

Huaren Pharmaceutical continues to suspend trading today.

59 The defendant argues that much of the work which he carried out was not
reflected in the Text Messages, as he generally had discussions with Zhang
either in person or over telephone calls. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS at para 49(d).

However, if the defendant truly did provide services beyond acting as a “human
stock ticker”, I find it difficult to believe that not a single recommendation
or piece of advice was given through the four months of messages produced.

60 The one notable departure from these formulaic updates (apart from some
miscellaneous messages where the defendant asked to take leave) is a message
dated 25 September 2015 from the defendant: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 304.

Chairman, there is one more thing. I would like to ask you for advice. There
remains more than 200,000 yuan in Li Keyi’s futures account. I think it would
be a pity to leave it idle there. Now I would like to apply for using that
money in respect of commodity trading during day and night time, so as to make
a money turnover as far as possible. If there incurs losses, I will make it up
for the account and all the profits will attribute to the company.

I want to make more contributions to the company, and I want to push myself,
so that I might grow faster. But I don’t have too much money here and I’m
afraid that I’m not able to make it up.

What do you think, Chairman?

[emphasis added]

61 This proposal is entirely out of keeping with the defendant’s narrative
concerning Zhang Wei’s Arrangement. The defendant alleges that Zhang hired him
to provide investment consultancy and management services, and part of the
defendant’s role in that regard was to make suggestions to Zhang as to how and
where to invest. There is nothing in Zhang Wei’s Arrangement, as alleged, that
the defendant was also to personally cover any losses incurred when his
suggestions were followed. This being the case, he could simply have worded
his proposal as a suggestion without any offer to make up for the losses. Even
accounting for the generally self-effacing tone of the messages, there was no
need for him to offer to make up losses to the account.

62 I therefore find that the Text Messages do not support the existence of
Zhang Wei’s Arrangement as alleged. In fact, in so far as they demonstrate the
passivity of the defendant and indicate behaviour inconsistent with the
alleged terms of the arrangement, I find that the Text Messages contradict the
defendant’s case as to Zhang Wei’s Arrangement.

The Emails

63 Finally, the defendant relies on the Emails from the defendant to Xu in
2017 and 2018, which comprise:

(a) Three emails dated 7 January 2017, 9 February 2017 and 13 April 2017
respectively, to which the defendant appended spreadsheets setting out the
positions of various bank accounts, including the accounts set out in the Liu
Yang Document; 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DLOD pp 48–61.

and

(b) An email dated 12 March 2018 (around the time of the defendant’s departure
from Weiye), in which the defendant handed over various accounts. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DLOD pp 63–68.

64 I do not find that the Emails support the existence of Zhang Wei’s
Arrangement. As with the Liu Yang Document and the Text Messages, the Emails
indicate that the defendant was perhaps performing some work for Zhang (which
appears here to be more auditing/accounting work rather than that of an
investment adviser). Nothing in the Emails supports the defendant’s pleaded
case that he was remunerated RMB9 million in advance for such work. I
therefore find that the Emails do not support the existence of Zhang Wei’s
Arrangement.

Conclusion

65 It appears likely that Zhang had indeed tasked the defendant to carry out
some work, as seen from the Liu Yang Document and the Text Messages. However,
it is equally apparent – not least from the evidence of the defendant himself
– that the work done by the defendant was very much limited in scope and
scale.

66 It seems unlikely to me that in 2014, Zhang, upon hearing that the
defendant might leave Weiye to manage about RMB100 million of funds (despite
his apparent lack of experience as a fund manager), jumped to offer the
defendant RMB9 million to retain his services. Had he indeed done so, as the
defendant alleges, then surely he must have had great trust in the defendant’s
acumen and judgment, and would have desired to exploit the defendant’s
services for maximum returns on that initial remuneration. Yet, instead of
being provided with a commensurate level of funds to invest as he would, the
defendant was kept strictly to a tight mandate executing trades for HK$30
million of Weiye shares on Zhang’s instructions. None of the evidence
proffered by the defendant provided any support for this commercially unlikely
state of affairs. I therefore find that Zhang has failed to prove his case on
Zhang Wei’s Arrangement on the balance of probabilities – specifically, that
the RMB9 million was paid as a lump sum in advance to the defendant as his
remuneration for his fund management services to be performed over the next
three years.

67 It is pertinent at this juncture to note that the allegation that the
payment of S$1,784,350 was the Singapore dollars equivalent of RMB9 million
implies an exchange rate of approximately S$1:RMB5.0438. However, a quick
check from the historical records of the exchange rate for the period in
December 2014 shows that the market exchange rate was approximately S$1:RMB4.7
instead. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Exhibit “P7”.

If so, the sum of RMB9 million would translate to S$1,914,893, a much larger
amount. I do not think that the defendant would be inclined to accept and
suffer a shortfall of S$130,543 in his promised remuneration to be paid to him
in Singapore dollars. Another puzzle is why the defendant would want his
remuneration to be paid in Singapore dollars when he is domiciled in China.
All these serve to weaken the defendant’s assertion that the RMB9 million or
equivalent of S$1,784,350 was in fact paid to him as a lump sum remuneration
for his future services for the next three years.

The Investment Agreement

68 I turn now to the plaintiff’s explanation for the transfer of the
S$1,784,350 into the UOB Account – ie the Investment Agreement – which it in
turn must prove on the balance of probabilities in order to found its claim.
In short, that explanation is that the plaintiff borrowed the S$1,784,350 from
various intermediaries (ie Li, Liu Hongen, Max Fill and Well Fai), and then
had those intermediaries transfer those sums to the UOB Account as a principal
sum for the defendant to invest on its behalf.

69 I do not agree with some of the defendant’s arguments as to why the
Investment Agreement is inherently absurd. First, the defendant suggests that
he would not have agreed to manage the plaintiff’s investments without any
assurance of remuneration. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS at para 105.

However, the terms of the Investment Agreement as pleaded by the plaintiff do
provide for the defendant’s remuneration following the conclusion of the
investment, based on the returns generated by the defendant. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

SOC at para 3.4.

I accept that three to four years (from 2015 to 2018) is a long time for the
defendant to be doing work for the plaintiff without immediate or ongoing
remuneration. Nonetheless, as seen in the text message highlighted above at
[60], the defendant was keen to develop his investment skills, to the point
where he offered to Zhang to cover any losses incurred through his trading.
Further, both Li and the defendant agree that they were friends in early 2015,
when the Investment Agreement was said to have been made. I do not think it
inherently unlikely that Li approached the defendant with an offer to invest
on behalf of the plaintiff, and that the defendant accepted that he would be
remunerated based on the performance of the investment.

70 The defendant also states that it would have been senseless for the
plaintiff to transfer investment moneys to an account wholly controlled by the
defendant. Instead, the plaintiff could have given the defendant access to
accounts under its own control. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS at para 103.

However, I do not think the defendant has demonstrated why this might have
made a difference. Both arrangements would have resulted in the defendant
having access to the plaintiff’s moneys. It is not clear that the arrangement
put forth by the defendant as the sensible thing to do would have resulted in
greater security for the plaintiff. In any event, I accept Li’s evidence that
he reposed a great deal of trust in the defendant, stemming from their
friendship. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Li’s AEIC at para 19(a).

Given the informality that characterised much of the interactions between the
various actors in these proceedings – as is apparent even on the defendant’s
account – I do not find it unlikely that Li and the defendant came to such an
arrangement.

71 However, one aspect of the Investment Agreement gives me pause. Li’s
evidence at trial was that the plaintiff borrowed the principal sum from the
various intermediaries at an interest rate of 12% per annum (though this was
not corroborated by any of the evidence before me). 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 17 lines 9–12.

I accept Li and Wang’s evidence that such an interest rate of 12% per annum
for unsecured loans is considered to be a fairly usual rate of interest in the
PRC. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 36 lines 12–21; 15 July 2021, p 153 line 22 to
p 154 line 6.

However, Li also testified on cross-examination that he did not, prior to or
in entering the Investment Agreement, confirm with the defendant that it would
be possible to obtain a greater rate of return through his investments. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript, 4 November 2020, p 28 lines 5–9.

Notwithstanding the trust that Li had in the defendant’s ability to manage the
investment successfully, it strikes me as rather optimistic of Li to think
that the investment return would be likely to be greater than 12% per annum.

72 In short, I shall have to examine more carefully the likelihood of the
Investment Agreement. I thus turn to the objective evidence adduced, to see if
it supports the existence of the Investment Agreement.

73 The plaintiff has adduced three categories of documentary evidence in this
regard:

(a) Contemporaneous documents attesting that the plaintiff procured the
transfer of the moneys making up the principal sum to the UOB Account;

(b) Statutory declarations executed in July 2021 certifying that the transfers
were loans; and

(c) The Declaration (ie the document executed by the defendant on 15 March
2018 stating inter alia that the cash deposits and stocks in the Accounts were
owned by the plaintiff).

Contemporaneous documents relating to the transfer

74 In his AEIC, Li exhibited two sets of contemporaneous documents relating to
the transfer. One was a set of letters of authorisation dated from March to
May 2015 from the plaintiff to each of the intermediaries (the “Letter(s) of
Authorisation”). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Li’s AEIC at pp 165–184.

Each Letter of Authorisation stated that the plaintiff was entrusting the
intermediary to transfer a sum of money to the UOB Account. The second was a
set of notices from each of the intermediaries to the plaintiff confirming
that they had transferred the requested sums to the UOB Account (the “Transfer
Notices”). 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Li’s AEIC at pp 208–223.

75 I give no weight whatsoever to the Letters of Authorisation. The
plaintiff’s solicitors have admitted that the Letters of Authorisation
exhibited in this suit are not the original versions prepared in 2015, but
were rather “re-executed” after the originals were lost. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 284.

Li confirmed this on the stand, saying that after a round of mediation in
2020, the plaintiff “wanted to make something to put in the record”, in case
it were asked by the defendant’s solicitors to provide the Letters of
Authorisation. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript, 5 November 2020, p 11 line 18 to p 12 line 13.

In these circumstances, I fail to see how the plaintiff can expect me to rely
on these “re-executed” Letters of Authorisation as objective evidence of any
sort. At best, they are records of what the plaintiff in 2020 recalled to be
the contents of the original Letters of Authorisation. They are not fit for
purpose as contemporaneous evidence of the transfer.

76 On the other hand, I find that the Transfer Notices do provide some
contemporaneous support for the plaintiff’s version of events. Each of the
Transfer Notices is unequivocal about the respective intermediary’s transfer
to the UOB account as being on the plaintiff’s behalf. The defendant objects
that the originals of the Transfer Notices were not adduced for inspection,
and speculates that “in truth, these Transfer Notices … were created for these
proceedings to artificially bolster the Plaintiff’s case”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DCS at para 84(c).

However, no proof has been furnished by the defendant for his conjecture,
which I reject.

Statutory declarations

77 Apart from the sets of documents mentioned above, the plaintiff also
adduced two statutory declarations: one from Liu Hongen, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Li’s Supplementary AEIC at pp 7–14.

and one from one Chan Siu Mat, an employee of both Max Fill and Well Fai. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Li’s Supplementary AEIC at pp 16–23.

Each statutory declaration confirms that the respective intermediaries
transferred sums to the UOB Account, as pleaded by the plaintiff, and states
that the respective intermediaries have claims only against the plaintiff, but
not the defendant. In addition, Chan Siu Mat’s statutory declaration contains
directors’ resolutions from Max Fill and Well Fai ratifying their respective
transfers to the defendant and confirming that these were loans to the
plaintiff. These resolutions are signed by Zhang.

78 The defendant points out that neither Liu Hongen nor any representative of
Well Fai or Max Fill were called as witnesses, and submits that these
statutory declarations constitute mere hearsay and are therefore inadmissible.
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at paras 87–88.

I do not think so. The plaintiff attempted to contact Liu Hongen, Well Fai and
Max Fill to give evidence at the trial. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 1499–1513.

They did not agree to do so. The fact that these parties are outside Singapore
and that they are unwilling to attend is sufficient to satisfy s 32(1)(j)(iv)
of the EA, which allows for the admission of statements made by persons who,
being competent but not compellable to give evidence on behalf of a party
desiring to give the statements in evidence, refuse to do so (see The “Bunga
Melati 5” [2015] SGHC 190 at [124]–[125]).

79 The defendant further submits that I should exercise the court’s discretion
under s 32(3) of the EA to exclude the statutory declarations, as they are
unreliable, lack good faith, and are liable to cause prejudice. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at paras 94–96.

In particular, he highlights Li’s testimony that the statutory declarations
and the directors’ resolutions were obtained by informing Zhang and Liu Hongen
that if they produced the necessary documents, they would not be involved in
the lawsuit. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 27 July 2021, p 154 lines 11–22 and p 156 lines 20–22.

There are valid concerns here: if such documents were to be simply accepted,
overseas witnesses might choose to selectively participate in litigation in
Singapore, by furnishing statements and documents while being safe in the
knowledge that they cannot be cross-examined. However, the proper approach in
this regard is not to exclude the statutory declarations under s 32(3) of the
EA, but to admit them while according them less weight. As stated in Gimpex
Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR
686 at [109], “[t]he court should not normally exercise its discretion to
exclude evidence that is declared to be admissible by the EA”.

80 In the circumstances, while I do not accord the statutory declarations full
weight, they do state, plainly and simply, that the transfers from Li, Max
Fill and Well Fai to the UOB Account were made on behalf of the plaintiff,
pursuant to loan agreements between those intermediaries and the plaintiff. I
therefore do consider the statutory declarations to corroborate the
plaintiff’s version of events to some degree.

The Declaration

81 Lastly, the plaintiff relies heavily upon the Declaration and the clear
statement therein that the defendant did not own any of the cash deposits and
stocks in the Accounts. I accept Li’s evidence that the plaintiff obtained the
Declaration from the defendant on 15 March 2018, over concerns that the
defendant was being investigated by Weiye for breaches of corporate financial
management policies. The plaintiff has adduced text messages from the
defendant to Li from January 2018, wherein the defendant shared that he was
currently under investigation. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Li’s AEIC at pp 233–234.

While the defendant’s solicitors have suggested that the contents of the
investigation were irrelevant to the suit and did not involve any wrongdoing
on the defendant’s part, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DRS at para 41.

that is immaterial. Faced with the prospect that the defendant might have been
engaged in financial wrongdoing, it was reasonable for the plaintiff to be
prudent and to try to hold the defendant to written confirmation that the sums
in the Accounts belonged to it.

82 Turning to the Declaration itself, the defendant argues that if it had
truly been meant as a written record of the Investment Agreement, then the
text of the Declaration would have referred to the existence of the Investment
Agreement. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS para 72.

But hindsight is perfect. Even in the defendant’s own account, the parties
involved were businessmen who apparently thought it prudent to enter
multimillion-dollar agreements on nothing but their word. I do not find it
incongruous for such parties to have subsequently drafted and executed a
declaration making no reference to the underlying transaction. What would have
mattered to the plaintiff at the time would have been recording that the
moneys in the Accounts belonged to it and not the defendant, and that the
defendant would cooperate in transferring the moneys to the plaintiff. This is
recorded clearly in the Declaration. While completeness would have entailed a
mention of the Investment Agreement as well, it is not unlikely that the
parties simply did not think to include it.

83 In contrast, it is the defendant’s explanation of the Declaration that is
difficult to believe. The defendant says that the Declaration was executed to
show his commitment to upholding his end of the Asset Exchange Agreement. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 65.

But the terms of the Declaration are fundamentally different from the alleged
terms of the Asset Exchange Agreement. First, although the defendant has
explained that the Asset Exchange Agreement entailed giving Zhang and/or Weiye
the freedom to withdraw assets from the Accounts, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 63.

the Declaration makes no mention of Zhang or Weiye, and refers to the
plaintiff instead. Second, the Declaration does not mention a freedom to
withdraw assets, or access to the Accounts, but instead unequivocally states
that the contents of the Accounts are owned by the plaintiff. Third, the
Declaration is strictly one-sided: it does not describe any accompanying
obligation on the part of Zhang or Weiye or even the plaintiff to reimburse
the defendant. Yet this reimbursement was a key part of the Asset Exchange
Agreement. If the Declaration had indeed been meant to reflect the Asset
Exchange Agreement, the omission of the reimbursement would surely have been
extremely troubling.

84 All this is to say that it is difficult to believe that the Declaration had
anything to do with the Asset Exchange Agreement as pleaded by the defendant,
and that if it did, it is surprising – to say the least – that the defendant
was willing to sign it. I find the plaintiff’s explanation for the Declaration
far more likely, ie that the defendant was responsible for the plaintiff’s
moneys, and executed the Declaration to assuage the plaintiff’s worries that
the defendant might misappropriate the moneys in the Accounts.

Conclusion

85 In conclusion, while there is one aspect of the Investment Agreement which
gives me pause – concerning the fixed interest rate of 12% per annum for the
loan – the objective evidence both around the time of the Investment Agreement
and thereafter coheres to and supports the plaintiff’s version of events. I
therefore find that it is the plaintiff’s explanation for the purpose of the
transfer of the S$1,784,350 into the UOB Account – ie for investment purposes
under the Investment Agreement, and not as a lump sum remuneration of RMB9
million for future services to be provided by the defendant over the next
three years under Zhang Wei’s Agreement – that has been proven on the balance
of probabilities.

The Asset Exchange Agreement

86 My consideration of the Declaration leads me directly to the final
agreement to be considered: the Asset Exchange Agreement. The defendant
alleges that the purpose of the Asset Exchange Agreement, as far as Zhang was
concerned, was so that Zhang could have access to funds outside of the PRC.
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 62.

In the defendant’s telling, Zhang was apparently desperate: he agreed to pay
the entirety of the defendant’s personal income tax in respect of the assets
in the Accounts; 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 63.

and in September 2018, Li, as Zhang’s agent, begged the defendant to continue
with the Asset Exchange Agreement. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript, 22 July 2021, p 93 lines 15–16.

It was as part of this agreement that the sum of RMB680,000 was paid to him
through the plaintiff in September 2018.

87 I find that the picture painted by the defendant makes no sense. In the
first place, on the defendant’s account, there is no apparent connection
between his personal income tax and the Asset Exchange Agreement. This was not
disputed by the defendant: when this issue was raised to him on cross-
examination, the defendant simply testified that it was a condition which he
put to Zhang, in exchange for his acquiescence to the Asset Exchange
Agreement. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript, 22 July 2021, p 87 line 7 to p 88 line 1.

But why, then, would Zhang agree to pay what amounted to a significant
premium? Even on the defendant’s own case, Zhang had his own access to funds
outside of the PRC: after all, he was allegedly able to transfer, through
various actors and agents, the S$1,784,350 to the UOB Account in 2015. There
was no indication that Zhang had to pay any additional expenses in the form of
“income tax” then. The sum which was allegedly withdrawn from the CCB Account
in connection with the Asset Exchange Agreement – HK$2,785,000 – is far
smaller. Hence, even taking the defendant at his word, I fail to see why Zhang
could not simply have routed RMB sums equivalent to that HK$2,785,000 out of
the PRC, without having to beg the defendant for assistance and, most
importantly, without having to be concerned with paying a very substantial
income tax gratuitously on behalf of the defendant, which would have added
considerably and unnecessarily to Zhang’s cost of simply remitting RMB out of
China to Singapore.

88 The defendant’s explanation for this is that the channels for such movement
of funds out of the PRC no longer existed in 2018. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DRS at para 186(i).

However, even if I were to accept this, I find it highly unlikely that the
defendant was the only person to whom Zhang could turn to who had access to
funds outside of the PRC. If Zhang’s reach and influence were as extensive as
the defendant alleges, he must have been able to find someone else who would
not demand such a significant premium.

89 In truth, the characterisation of the RMB680,000 as income tax strikes me
as being far more consonant with the Investment Agreement. I accept Li’s
evidence that the plaintiff was ready, as a matter of principle, to compensate
the defendant for any costs he might incur arising from the Investment
Agreement. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Li’s AEIC at para 38.

In this light, the plaintiff’s payment of any personal income tax the
defendant might incur in respect of the assets in the Accounts makes far more
sense. I consider the defendant’s explanation for this sum to be a poor
attempt at reconciling the incontrovertible fact of the RMB680,000 payment
from the plaintiff to him with his narrative that he owed the plaintiff no
obligations of any sort.

90 In short, I consider the Asset Exchange Agreement to be inherently
unlikely. Further, this improbable state of affairs is not supported by any
objective evidence. The main documentary evidence cited for the defendant’s
case in this regard is the Declaration, which I have already dealt with.
Accordingly, I find that the Asset Exchange Agreement has not been proven on
the balance of probabilities. It follows that the defendant’s counterclaim
thereunder is a non-starter.

91 For completeness, I note that even on the defendant’s pleaded case – that
the Asset Exchange Agreement was made between him and Zhang, through Li and
the plaintiff as conduits – the defendant’s counterclaim should have been made
not against the plaintiff, but against Zhang instead. For that reason, the
defendant’s counterclaim would fail even if I were to accept the existence of
the Asset Exchange Agreement.

Conclusion on version of events

92 In conclusion, I find that the plaintiff has proven the existence of the
Investment Agreement on the balance of probabilities. The defendant, on the
other hand, has not proven either Zhang Wei’s Arrangement or the Asset
Exchange Agreement on the balance of probabilities.

93 I thus proceed to consider only the Investment Agreement and the issues
arising thereunder.

The Investment Agreement

94 In considering the Investment Agreement, I shall examine (a) the governing
law of the Investment Agreement; (b) whether it is valid under the governing
law; (c) the obligations thereunder; (d) the extent of any breach of those
obligations; and (e) the remedies flowing therefrom.

Governing law

95 The parties agree that in respect of the governing law of the Investment
Agreement, the three-stage approach to determining the governing law of a
contract set out in Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc [2008] 2
SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”) at [36] should be applied:

(a) The court first considers whether the contract itself states expressly
what the governing law should be.

(b) In the absence of an express provision, the court considers whether the
intention of the parties as to the governing law can be inferred from the
circumstances.

(c) If the court cannot derive such an inference, it then determines the
system of law with which the contract has its closest and most real
connection; that system would be taken, objectively, as the governing law of
the contract.

96 It is not disputed that there was no express choice of law when the
Investment Agreement was entered into. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PCS at paras 85–88; DCS at para 118.

This brings us to the second stage of inferring the parties’ intentions. Given
that the Investment Agreement was oral in nature, with few contemporaneous
documents that might shed light on the intention of the parties as to the
choice of law, I do not think that it will be fruitful to dwell too much on
this stage (see, in this regard, Las Vegas Hilton Corp v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny
[1996] 2 SLR(R) 589 (“Las Vegas Hilton”) at [40]).

97 I therefore proceed directly to the third stage: determining objectively
the system of law with which the contract has its closest and most real
connection. Another way of characterising this analysis is the “objective test
of the reasonable man” (Pacific Recreation at [49], citing Law Vegas Hilton at
[42] and The Assunzione [1954] P 150 at 179):

[O]ne must look at all the circumstances and seek to find what just and
reasonable persons ought to have intended if they had thought about the matter
at the time when they made the contract. If they had thought that they were
likely to have a dispute, I hope it may be said that just and reasonable
persons would like the dispute determined in the most convenient way and in
accordance with business efficacy.

98 In this inquiry, many factors may be taken into account, including the
place of contracting, the place of performance, the places of residence or
business of the parties respectively, and the nature and subject matter of the
contract (Las Vegas Hilton at [45]).

99 I agree with the defendant that the factors in the present case indicate,
on balance, that PRC law is the system of law bearing the closest and most
real connection to the Investment Agreement. As he points out, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DCS at para 118.

both parties are ordinarily based in the PRC, and the Investment Agreement was
entered into in the PRC. The commercial purpose and place of performance of
the Investment Agreement (namely, to invest in equity stocks on stock
exchanges in Singapore and/or Hong Kong) do not indicate a strong connection
to Singapore exclusively. Further, there is no suggestion that the parties
sought legal advice as to Singapore law prior to entering the Investment
Agreement. I think that a just and reasonable person in the parties’ positions
would hesitate greatly before jumping feet first into unfamiliar legal waters;
taking such a plunge does not strike me as an approach likely to result in the
most convenient and efficacious way to resolve any future disputes. Although
the principal sum transferred to the defendant was denominated in Singapore
dollars, I do not think that that, weighed against the other factors, is
sufficient to indicate that just and reasonable persons would have intended
for Singapore law to apply.

100 I turn, therefore, to a consideration of the formation and validity of the
Investment Agreement under PRC law.

Formation and validity

101 The plaintiff’s position is that under PRC law, the Investment Agreement
gave rise to what is known in PRC law as a “contractual entrustment” or a
“mandate contract”, “whereby the principal and the agent agree that the latter
shall handle the affairs of the former”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PCS at para 112.

Both parties’ expert witnesses agree that a contractual entrustment may be
concluded orally. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 26 July 2021, p 12 lines 1–3.

102 The plaintiff’s expert witness, Prof Chen, explains that there are two
elements which must be shown in order for a valid oral contractual entrustment
to be established: first, a written acknowledgment that the money does not
belong to the agent, and second, evidence of the transfer of funds from the
principal to the agent. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript, 23 July 2021, p 117 line 10 to p 119 line 9.

This proposition is not disputed by the defendant. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DRS at para 86.

103 I consider both elements to be satisfied in the present case. As stated
above at [81]–[84], I find that the Declaration was made in respect of the
Investment Agreement (and not the Asset Exchange Agreement as alleged by the
defendant); the Declaration states unambiguously that the moneys in the
Accounts belongs to the plaintiff and not the defendant. Meanwhile, the
Transfer Notices (see [76] above) provide evidence that the plaintiff borrowed
the principal sum from intermediaries and had those intermediaries transfer
those moneys to the defendant.

104 Much was made by the defendant as to PRC case law on contractual
entrustments, and the strength of the evidence present in cases in which the
PRC courts have found contractual entrustments to have arisen. The defendant
submits that the strength of the evidence in the present case has not reached
comparable levels, and that I therefore should not find that a contractual
entrustment had arisen between the parties. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCS at paras 125–133.

I do not think that this is a relevant argument. As stated in Dicey, Morris
and Collins on the Conflict of Laws vol 1 (Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) at para 7-022:

‘The law of evidence,’ it has been said, ‘is the lex fori which governs the
courts. Whether a witness is competent or not; whether a certain matter
requires to be proved by writing or not; whether certain evidence proves a
certain fact or not; that is to be determined by the law of the country where
the question arises, where the remedy is sought to be enforced and where the
court sits to enforce it.’ … Thus the lex causae generally determines what are
the facts in issue; and it may do so by providing that no evidence need, or
may, be given as to certain matters, for instance as to compliance, or failure
to comply with, certain formalities of a marriage ceremony. Such provisions
are substantive. On the other hand, as a general rule, the lex fori determines
how the facts in issue must be proved.

[emphasis added]

105 It follows that I am not bound to follow the practice of the PRC courts in
respect of the standard of proof as to the elements of a contractual
entrustment. Instead, the applicable standard of proof here is that of civil
cases in Singapore, ie the balance of probabilities. Accordingly, I find that
the Declaration and the Transfer Notices satisfy the two elements as explained
by Prof Chen, and that the Investment Agreement therefore constituted a
contractual entrustment.

106 The defendant further argues that the Investment Agreement is nonetheless
invalid under PRC law. In this respect, he cites Art 52 of the Contract Law of
the PRC (the “PRC Contract Law”), which provides that:

A contract shall be null and void under any of the following circumstances:

(1) a contract is concluded through the use of fraud or coercion by one party
to damage the interests of the State;

(2) malicious collusion is conducted to damage the interests of the State, a
collective or a third party;

(3) an illegitimate purpose is concealed under the guise of legitimate acts;

(4) damaging the public interests;

(5) violating the compulsory provisions of laws and administrative
regulations.

107 The defendant also raises Art 30 of the PRC’s Administrative Measures for
Personal Foreign Exchange (the “Administrative Measures”):

Where a domestic individual engages in foreign exchange trading or any other
transaction involving foreign exchange, he/she shall handle the business
through a domestic financial institution that has obtained the corresponding
business qualification according to law.

108 The argument made by the defendant is as follows. Li admitted at trial
that as one of the four intermediaries engaged by the plaintiff, in order to
remit moneys to the defendant, he first converted a sum in renminbi into
foreign currency through an underground bank (ie someone not properly
qualified to handle such a transaction). 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript, 14 July 2021, p 109 lines 4–12.

This was a breach of Art 30 of the Administrative Measures, which, being
damaging to the public interests of the PRC, constitutes a violation of Art
52(4) of the PRC Contract Law as well, rendering the Investment Agreement null
and void. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

DCS at paras 140–143 and 146.

109 The plaintiff correctly identifies two difficulties with this argument.
First, Prof Chen explained that the Administrative Measures apply only to
natural persons, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Prof Chen’s Supplementary AEIC at para 39.

which is not disputed by the defendant. In such a case, the defendant’s case
must necessarily be premised on some form of attribution to the plaintiff of
the damage caused by Li to the PRC’s public interests, such that a contract
between the plaintiff and the defendant should be invalidated. However, the
defendant has not explained how this mechanism of attribution might function
in PRC law, or whether it even exists. The defendant has not even shown that
the contravention of Art 30 of the Administrative Measures by a natural person
can result in the invalidation of a related contract to which he is not a
party. Second, the defendant’s own expert witness, Prof Liu, gave evidence
that the notion of “public interests” in Art 52(4) of the PRC Contract Law is
“ill-defined”, and that the invalidation of a contract for contravening that
ground is only rarely granted. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

6th Affidavit of Tan Yi Fan at p 26, para 42.

110 On cross-examination, Prof Liu sought to clarify his position. He stated
that notwithstanding the general lack of clarity in this area, contravention
of Art 30 of the Administrative Measures stands as a relatively clear category
of cases where invalidation is likely to be granted. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript, 27 July 2021, p 85 line 10 to p 87 line 21.

In support of this, he cited two PRC cases which were exhibited in his AEIC,
one from the Shanghai High People’s Court and another from the Supreme
People’s Court. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript, 27 July 2021, p 87 lines 13–21.

However, a closer examination of the two cases shows that both involved the
contravention of Art 30 of the Administrative Measures by a natural person,
and the consequent invalidation of agreements which those natural persons had
entered into. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

6th Affidavit of Tan Yi Fan at pp 157 and 165.

In other words, even if I were to accept that these two cases demonstrate that
invalidation of an individual’s agreement is likely to be granted where that
individual has violated Art 30 of the Administrative Measures, they do not
indicate that such a violation would result in the invalidation of a third
party’s agreement.

111 The defendant also refers to a supposed contravention of Art 17 of the
PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations (the “Control Regulations”) by the
plaintiff. Article 17 of the Control Regulations reads: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

6th Affidavit of Tan Yi Fan at p 28, para 50.

A domestic institution or individual that makes direct investment or issues or
trades negotiable securities or derivative products overseas shall handle the
registration formalities at the foreign exchange administrative department of
the State Council. If the relevant state provisions require it/him to get the
approval of the competent department or archive the issue with the competent
department, it/he shall do so before handling the registration formalities.

112 The defendant argues that Art 17 of the Control Regulations was breached
by the Investment Agreement, which effectively involved investments by the
plaintiff in shares outside of the PRC without the requisite formalities. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

DCS at para 184.

113 However, this did not assist the defendant. Prof Liu himself explained
that: 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

6th Affidavit of Tan Yi Fan at p 28, para 50.

[E]ven if the Plaintiff is shown to have been in breach of Article 17, this
may not lead to the invalidation of the agreement since Article 17 may be
characterised as an administrative rather than validity mandatory rule. … The
Defendant is thus unlikely to invalidate the agreement on this basis.

114 In the circumstances, I find that the defendant has not demonstrated that
the Investment Agreement is invalid under PRC law.

Obligations

115 At this juncture, it is useful for me to consider the exact obligations
that arose between the parties under the Investment Agreement. I accept that
the defendant undertook to invest the principal sum on behalf of the
plaintiff, and had an obligation to return the principal sum and the
investment returns to the plaintiff. The defendant’s obligation to account for
the principal sum and the investment returns also comports with Prof Chen’s
evidence that under a contractual entrustment, an agent has an obligation to
report to his principal on his handling of the entrusted affairs 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Prof Chen’s AEIC at para 50(c).

and an obligation to hand over to the principal any asset acquired in his
handling of the entrusted affairs. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Prof Chen’s AEIC at para 50(d).

116 On the plaintiff’s part, I accept that the plaintiff was obliged to
provide reasonable remuneration to the defendant for his efforts upon the
termination of the Investment Agreement, as is the case even on the
plaintiff’s own account. I also find that the plaintiff must reimburse the
defendant for any expenses he might have incurred in the process of carrying
out his duties. This is in accordance with Art 398 of the PRC Contract Law (as
exhibited by the plaintiff), which states that “[t]he principal shall prepay
the expenses for handling the entrusted affairs. The necessary expenses
incurred by the agent for handling the entrusted affairs shall be reimbursed
by the principal plus the interest accrued thereon.” 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Prof Chen’s AEIC at pp 61–62.

I consider the plaintiff’s undertaking to reimburse the defendant’s personal
income tax (if levied) in respect of the assets in the Accounts to be an
expression of this obligation.

Breach

117 The question then is whether – and to what extent – the defendant breached
his obligation to return the principal sum and the investment returns to the
plaintiff. The plaintiff pleads that the defendant has to-date “failed,
refused and/or neglected to return any of the Investment Returns”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

SOC at para 13.

While I accept that the defendant has shown a great deal of reluctance to
perform this obligation, I find that it cannot be said that he has entirely
failed to comply with it. The issue here is the sum of HK$2,785,000 which was
transferred from the plaintiff’s CCB Account to Li in August 2018. The
defendant’s own case on this sum does not quite assist him: he says that it
was transferred pursuant to the Asset Exchange Agreement, an explanation I
have already rejected. However, the plaintiff itself has admitted through Li’s
AEIC 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Li’s AEIC at para 149.

and in its closing submissions 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PCS at para 351.

that “the sum of HK$2,785,000 was transferred from the CCB Account for and on
behalf of [the plaintiff] pursuant to [the defendant’s] obligations under the
[Declaration]”. There can be no reading of this other than as a concession
that the defendant did, in fact, return some of the assets owed to the
plaintiff.

118 Nonetheless, I find that in failing to return the remainder of the
principal sum and the investment returns, the defendant has breached the
Investment Agreement.

119 I turn therefore to the reliefs to which the plaintiff is entitled as a
result of the defendant’s breach.

Reliefs

120 The plaintiff claims the following reliefs:

(a) The sums of S$1,784,350 (being the principal sum of the Investment
Agreement) and RMB680,000 (the first tranche of its payment to the defendant
in respect of the income tax he incurred);

(b) The sum of S$1,113,161.05 or alternatively damages to be assessed in
respect of the investment returns; and

(c) As an alternative to the reliefs sought above, an inquiry into any and all
sums, profits, dividends, assets, benefits and/or titles derived from the sums
of S$1,784,350, S$1,113,161.05 and RMB680,000, and an account of the same.

121 I accept Prof Chen’s evidence that under PRC law, the function of
contractual remedies is to place a promisee who has suffered the consequences
of a contractual breach in as good a position as he would be in if the
promisor had performed. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Prof Chen’s AEIC at para 51.

I also accept that the plaintiff is entitled to demand from the defendant the
return of the principal sum and the investment returns. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Prof Chen’s AEIC at para 53.

I therefore order, in respect of the principal sum, that the defendant is to
return to the plaintiff the sum of S$1,784,350.

122 In respect of the investment returns, the defendant argues that the
plaintiff bears the burden of proving that the sum of $1,113,161.05 was
specifically derived from the principal sum. I find this to be a sensible
point. The figure of $1,113,161.05 appears to have been derived from the tax
report prepared by the defendant in August 2018, wherein this figure was
listed as the defendant’s dividend income in Singapore dollars for the period
from 1 January 2018 to 31 August 2018. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 587.

It is not clear to me why this particular figure ought to represent the
investment returns from the Investment Agreement. For one, I would have
expected the dollar value of the investment returns to have been calculated
over the full period of the Investment Agreement instead. Moreover, the tax
report indicates a further dividend income obtained in Hong Kong of
HK$420,600; 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 587.

was this also income derived from the investments? These gaps, and others, in
the characterisation of the investment returns mean that I do not consider the
sum of $1,113,161.05 to be a suitable figure to affix to the investment
returns at this juncture. I therefore order that there be an inquiry as to the
quantum of the investment returns procured by the defendant from the
underlying principal sum of S$1,784,350, and that the defendant return the
investment returns to the plaintiff upon the conclusion of the inquiry.

123 However, as I have already found, the defendant has already returned
HK$2,785,000 to the plaintiff. Accordingly, this sum of HK$2,785,000 is to be
set off against his obligation to return the principal sum of S$1,784,350 and
the assessed investment returns to the plaintiff.

124 As for the sum of RMB680,000, the defendant argues that he is entitled to
retain this sum as part of the expenses he incurred in the course of his
duties. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

DRS at para 97.

I accept that the plaintiff was under an obligation to reimburse the defendant
for such expenses (plus interest accrued thereon in accordance with Art 398 of
the PRC Contract law), and that personal income tax which the defendant had or
would have incurred through the performance of his duties would fall into that
category of expenses. However, the defendant has not provided evidence to show
that he did, in fact, pay the PRC tax authorities any of the income tax which
he purportedly owed according to his 2018 tax report. Indeed, when cross-
examined on whether he had done so, the defendant was evasive. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript, 22 July 2021, p 99 lines 16–24.

I therefore order that the RMB680,000 be repaid to the plaintiff. Nonetheless,
I decline to make a conclusive finding at this stage as to whether the
defendant had in fact paid any income tax. In my view, the justice of the case
demands that a broader accounting of the defendant’s expenses be taken. I
order that an assessment of the expenses incurred by the defendant be
undertaken at the following stage of the trial, and that the total amount
assessed, including any tax he has in fact paid or will have to pay to the PRC
tax authorities as a result of his performance of his duties under the
Investment Agreement, be set off from any sums owing to the plaintiff.

125 The defendant further submits that he should be entitled to set off his
remuneration, which was to be agreed between the parties upon the conclusion
of the Investment Agreement, against any sums owing to the plaintiff as well.
165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DRS at para 98.

The plaintiff has accepted that ultimately, under PRC law, the defendant’s
remuneration is to be accounted for in determining the sums to be returned to
the plaintiff. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

PCS at para 143.

I therefore order that the defendant’s remuneration is to be assessed at the
following stage of this trial, and that the amount assessed is to be set off
from any sums owing to the plaintiff.

Conclusion

126 I find that the plaintiff has proven its account on the balance of
probabilities: namely, that it entered into the Investment Agreement with the
defendant. The Investment Agreement is governed by PRC law, and is valid
thereunder. The defendant has breached his obligations under the Investment
Agreement. Consequently, the defendant is to return the principal sum of
S$1,784,350, the RMB680,000 payment, and the investment returns – which are to
be assessed – to the plaintiff, less the HK$2,785,000 which has already been
returned. Against these sums owing to the plaintiff, the defendant is entitled
to set off both his reasonable remuneration and his actual expenses (inclusive
of (a) any tax he has in fact paid or will have to pay to the PRC tax
authorities as a result of his performance of his duties under the Investment
Agreement and (b) any interest accrued on these expenses, in accordance with
Art 398 of the PRC Contract law). Both his remuneration and his expenses are
to be assessed.

127 The costs of this stage of the trial shall be reserved to the following
stage of the trial as well.

Chan Seng Onn  
Senior Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Boey Swee Siang, Lin Yuankai and Toh Yunyuan Selina (Premier Law LLC) for the
plaintiff and the defendant in counterclaim;

Foo Yuet Min, Koh Boon Hao Samuel, Beatrice Wee and Tan Yi Fan (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the defendant and the plaintiff in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Jan 2022 (11:17 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

