Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 273

Suit No 513 of 2021

Between

| Thamby Kannu Parvathi  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| S Geetha d/o Subramaniam(administratrix of the estate of Subramaniam
Govindasamy, deceased)  
---|---  
(2)| S Mogan(administrator of the estate of Subramaniam Govindasamy, deceased)  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Probate and Administration — Distribution of assets — Appropriation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Thamby Kannu Parvathi

  
v

  

S Geetha d/o Subramaniam (administratrix of the estate of Subramaniam
Govindasamy, deceased) and another

[2022] SGHC 273

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 513 of 2021  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
19–22, 26 April, 6, 20 June 2022

31 October 2022 Judgment reserved

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 This was an unfortunate case where a widow Thamby Kannu Parvathi (“the
Plaintiff”) sued two of her three children, namely, her younger daughter S
Geetha d/o Subramaniam (“Geetha”) and her only son S Mogan (“Mogan”) (who are
the first and second defendants respectively) for depriving her of her share
in a property belonging to her late husband Subramaniam Govindasamy (“the
Deceased”). The facts set out below are extracted from either the affidavit of
evidence in chief (“the AEIC”) of the Plaintiff or the joint AEIC of the
defendants.

2 The Plaintiff was born in 1938. She is currently 84 years of age and has
been blind since 1975 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See transcripts on 26 April 2022 at p 482 – cross-examination of William Pang.

. She married the Deceased in 1956. The Deceased passed away in 2013. Prior to
his demise, the Deceased and the Plaintiff lived first at No 118 Race Course
Road and from 1997 onwards at No 31 Martaban Road (“the Martaban Road
property”). Currently, the Plaintiff still lives at the Martaban Road property
with Leena, who is the daughter of her estranged eldest daughter Prasanakumari
(“Kumari”), while Geetha lives at No 27 Martaban Road and Mogan lives at No 35
Martaban Road. Leena moved into the Martaban Road property one day before the
demise of the Deceased on 10 January 2013. Kumari used to live at No 29
Martaban Road but she moved out in August 2013. Henceforth, the properties at
Nos 27, 29, 31 and 33 will be referred to collectively as “the four Martaban
properties” 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See AEIC of the Plaintiff at pp 1–3.

.

3 The Deceased left a Will dated 14 November 2012 (“the Will”) in which he
left a number of immoveable properties (“the Estate”) to the Plaintiff and to
Geetha, to whom he was particularly close. One of the Deceased’s properties
was No 11 Dunlop Street (“the Dunlop Street property”), which was not
mentioned in the Will. Although the Dunlop Street property formed part of the
Deceased’s estate, since it was not covered by the Will, it had to be
distributed in accordance with the laws of intestacy. Under the Intestate
Succession Act 1967 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Section 7 Rule 2.

, the Plaintiff is entitled to one half share of the Dunlop Street property
while her three children are entitled to the other half share. It should be
noted from the outset that Geetha drafted the Will 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 199 line 17 – Geetha’s testimony.

. Her husband, Harun Al Rasheed, was a witness while Mogan’s wife, G
Rajeswari, was the other witness, to the execution of the Will by the
Deceased.

4 Geetha was the administrator of the estate of the Deceased and obtained a
First Grant of Letters of Administration with Will annexed dated 12 August
2013 and issued on 5 November 2013 (“the First Grant”) 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See 1AB15-16.

. She, Mogan and Kumari as co-administrators obtained a Second Grant of
Letters of Administration dated 4 September 2015 and issued on 27 October 2015
(“the Second Grant”) 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See 1AB30.

. The reason for extracting two grants of letters of administration with Will
annexed emerged during Geetha’s testimony 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 205.

. It was due to her oversight in not including the Dunlop Street property in
the first grant. Henceforth, Geetha and Mogan will be referred to collectively
as “the Administrators” in regard to the Estate. In any other context, they
will be referred to collectively as “the defendants”.

5 Geetha informed the Plaintiff in or around 2016 to 2017 that the Dunlop
Street property would be sold and the sale proceeds would be divided amongst
the children of the Deceased and the Plaintiff 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See AEIC of the Plaintiff at para 12.

.

6 The Dunlop Street property was indeed sold by an Option to Purchase dated 7
November 2016 (“the Option”) for $2,625,000 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See 1AB62-63.

(“the sale proceeds”). Completion of the sale took place on 7 April 2017 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See completion account at 1AB74.

. The Plaintiff should have received half of the sale proceeds plus rental
income amounting to $1,366,377.62 (“the Plaintiff’s share”) but she did not 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See AEIC of the Plaintiff at para 13.

. Geetha and Mogan claimed she made a gift to them of $1.36m (which the
Plaintiff denied) and they only paid her the difference of $6,377.62 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See AEIC of the defendants at para 38.

.

7 When she did not receive the Plaintiff’s share after waiting for some time,
the Plaintiff inquired of Geetha in 2018 or 2019. Geetha told the Plaintiff
she did not have a share in the sale proceeds. The Plaintiff then asked Kumari
in or around 2019. Kumari told the Plaintiff she should have received the
Plaintiff’s share. Kumari brought the Plaintiff to see a lawyer who advised
her she is entitled to a half share of the sale proceeds. The Plaintiff then
consulted her current lawyers who gave her the same advice 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See AEIC of the Plaintiff at pp 3-4.

.

8 It was the defendants’ case that the Plaintiff was fully aware of the sale
of the Dunlop Street property, the sale price and when the sale was completed.
They claimed she had in fact proposed that the Administrators sell the Dunlop
Street property and had also signed the Option together with the
Administrators 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See AEIC of the defendants at para 17.

.

9 The defendants asserted that although the Plaintiff was aware that the
Dunlop Street property sale was completed in April 2017, she did not for more
than two years (between April 2017 and October 2019) once ask for the
Plaintiff’s share. Neither did she send any lawyer’s letter to them or
initiate any action for the Plaintiff’s share. They contended it was because
she had made a gift to them of $1.36m (“the gift amount”) from the Plaintiff’s
share 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See AEIC of the defendants at para 18.

.

10 According to the Administrators, the family held discussions some time
before Deepavali in October 2016 while holding a prayer session for the
Deceased’s death anniversary. Discussion turned to servicing the debts of the
Estate as well those of the estate of the siblings’ great-grandfather
Ponnasamy Rattanam (“PR’s estate”). The defendants claimed that was when the
Plaintiff made her suggestion of selling the Dunlop Street property 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ibid para 24.

.

11 PR’s estate also owned numerous properties. During his lifetime the
Deceased was the trustee of PR’s estate. After the demise of the Deceased, the
responsibility passed to Geetha. She became the Administrator of PR’s estate
by a Grant of Letters of Administration with Will annexed dated 1 December
2014 and issued on 12 March 2018 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ibid p 40.

.

12 Geetha took charge of the properties belonging to the Estate as well as
those of PR’s estate. The properties of both estates were old shophouses which
needed maintenance, renovations and repairs. To fund the costs for both
estates, Geetha took a bank loan from UOB in the name of a family company
called GSM Management Pte Ltd (“GSM”) which was incorporated in 2007 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ibid para 23.

. Currently, the defendants are the only shareholders of GSM.

13 Prior to the demise of the Deceased, UOB had offered banking facilities to
GSM of $1.1m by its letter dated 25 March 2008 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See 1AB84-91.

(“UOB’s first facility letter”) guaranteed by Geetha, Mogan and Kumari. UOB’s
first facility letter was varied and subsequently superseded by, a second
facility letter dated 23 February 2012 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See 1AB94-105.

and then a third facility letter dated 2 October 2012 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See 1AB108-117.

. In the first and second facility letters, the loans from UOB (which limits
increased in the second and third facility letters), Geetha, Mogan and Kumari
were the guarantors. After the demise of the Deceased, UOB’s third facility
letter was again revised by its letter dated 22 April 2015 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See 1AB120-135.

wherein the credit limit was increased to $5,824,000. For UOB’s third and
fourth facility letters, the guarantors were/are Geetha and Mogan.

14 No 118 Race Course Road was the collateral provided to UOB under all four
facility letters. This property is jointly owned by Geetha and Mogan 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 221 – cross-examination of Geetha.

.

15 According to Geetha, it was in the context of discussing the heavy
financial burden of servicing the UOB loans that the Plaintiff suggested
selling off the Dunlop Street property. She said that would lighten the load
on the Administrators as regards managing both estates. Another reason to sell
the Dunlop Street property as Geetha understood from the Plaintiff was the
fact that Kumari would get a share. The Deceased had left Kumari out of his
Will. Apparently, during his lifetime, the Deceased had a problematic
relationship with Kumari to the extent that he had once taken out a personal
protection order against her. The Plaintiff thought it prudent to sell the
Dunlop Street property and give Kumari her share to avoid further problems
with Kumari 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See AEIC of the defendants at paras 24-26; see transcripts on 21 April 2022 at
pp 207-208.

.

16 Apparently, the Plaintiff told Geetha and Mogan to take the gift amount
from the sale proceeds directly. However, as it was a substantial sum, the
Administrators decided that to avoid problems with the Inland Revenue
Authority and other government authorities in future, it would be prudent to
record the gift in writing 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See AEIC of the defendants at para 28.

.

17 Consequently, Geetha typed out a document 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See 1DB3.

which was dated 12 April 2017 (“the Gift Document”) and which stated as
follows:

I, Thamby Kannu Parvathi of NRIC No SXXXX232 residing at No.31, Martaban Road
S (328653), has received a sum of S$1,366,377.62 being my 50% share from the
sale of a property at No 11 Dunlop Street S(209341) which belongs to my Late
husband Mr. Subramanian Govindasamy on 7 April 2017.

I am giving my share of $1,360,000.00 as gift to my children namely S.Geetha
d/o Subramaniam of NRIC No.SXXXX740 residing at No.27 Martaban Road S (328651)
and S.Mogan of NRIC No. SXXXX585 residing at No 35 Martaban Road S (328657)
since they have been taking care of me after my husband’s death.

It is a gift and does not require repayment.

Signed________

Thamby Kannu Parvathi

NRIC No SXXXX232

Acknowledged by:

_______________________ ____________

S.Geetha d/o Subramanian S.Mogan

NRIC No SXXXX740 NRIC No SXXXX585

18 Geetha arranged for a third party to witness the Plaintiff’s signing of the
Gift Document. That person was Siva Kumar s/o Siva (“Siva”) who was the agent
from Savills who handled the sale of the Dunlop Street property. In fact, it
was Geetha’s testimony that Siva had always acted as the agent in renting out
the family properties 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at pp 199-200.

. He is also Mogan’s as well as a family friend. Geetha arranged for a meeting
with Siva which took place on 12 April 2017 in the late afternoon or early
evening 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See AEIC of Siva at para 5.

.

19 Before the Plaintiff signed the Gift Document, Geetha said she went through
it with the Plaintiff line by line translating it from English into Tamil, in
the presence of Siva and Mogan. Siva also asked the Plaintiff if she
understood what she was signing. The Plaintiff confirmed she did in the
presence of all three persons. Geetha then showed the Plaintiff the signature
line, the Plaintiff put her finger there and appended her signature 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See AEIC of the defendants at p 15.

.

20 The defendants deposed that they then paid the Plaintiff in cash the
difference of $6,377.62 ($1,366,377.62 -$1,360,000) but due to the passage of
time, they are unable to recollect the exact circumstances or details of the
payment 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ibid para 38.

.

21 On her part, the Plaintiff denied she had agreed to give away the
Plaintiff’s share let alone that she signed any document to that effect. The
Plaintiff further denied the contents of any document were read to her. She
further disagreed that the defendants had been looking after her since the
passing of the Deceased. She deposed she does not have a good relationship
with Mogan for a long time as he is disrespectful and rude to her. As for
Geetha, she would occasionally buy groceries for the Plaintiff but would ask
to be reimbursed which the Plaintiff always did. The Plaintiff accused the
defendants of exploiting her visual disability, her elderly age and enriching
themselves at her expense 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See AEIC of the Plaintiff at pp 4-6.

.

22 The defendants however claimed the Plaintiff had a change of heart after
her signing of the Gift Document and is now trying to renege on her gift. They
surmised that the Plaintiff’s change of heart is motivated by her desire to
make provision for Leena after her passing 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See AEIC of the defendants at paras 36 and 47.

.

23 Apparently, the Plaintiff had confided in Geetha previously that she was
worried that after her passing, there would be no one to look after Leena who
is 34 years of age, unmarried, has no boyfriend and is overweight. The
defendants opined that the Plaintiff is extremely protective of Leena and she
took offence when Mogan once suggested that Leena should exercise and control
her weight 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ibid paras 50-51.

.

24 It did not help matters that Leena’s arranged marriage in 2018 was called
off (by Leena herself) after all the requisite arrangements had been made
(including booking of the wedding venue and appointment at the Registry of
Marriages). The defendants had credited $50,000 into the Plaintiff’s bank
account for the wedding expenses. They asserted that the cancellation of
Leena’s wedding only made the Plaintiff more worried and protective of Leena
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See AEIC of the defendants at paras 52-53.

.

25 To counter the Plaintiff’s denial that she did not sign the Gift Document,
the defendants engaged a handwriting expert to verify the Plaintiff’
signature. The expert Pang Chan Kok William (“Pang”) concluded that it is very
likely the Plaintiff did sign the Gift Document 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See AEIC of William Pang at para 5.

.

26 Geetha deposed that she utilised $800,000 from the gift to reduce UOB’s
loans 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See transcripts on 22 April 2022 at p 350.

. She was surprised to receive without warning, the Plaintiff’s solicitors’
letter of demand dated 18 October 2019 as she did not have a falling out with
the Plaintiff prior thereto. Indeed, just before that, the defendants had
renovated the Plaintiff’s house. In fact, she had visited the Plaintiff a day
earlier on 17 October 2019 and they spent a pleasant time together 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See AEIC of the defendants at para 42.

.

27 The defendants disclosed that the Plaintiff sued them as well as Kumari in
the Family Courts on the same claim 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ibid para 43.

. They filed their defence contending that the Family Courts had no
jurisdiction. Eventually the Plaintiff withdrew that claim and subsequently
commenced this action.

28 The defendants also understood from Kumari that the Plaintiff and Leena had
both cut off ties with her since 2019. This factor reinforced the defendants’
belief that the Plaintiff wants to garner as much money and assets as possible
for Leena before her passing. In this regard, the Plaintiff went to the extent
of demanding (in October 2019 through her solicitors) that her joint tenancies
with Geetha in properties bequeathed to them by the Deceased be severed into
tenancies-in-common 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See AEIC of the defendants at p 24.

.

29 The defendants deposed that after a long and complicated process, the
severance exercise requested by the Plaintiff was carried out. The joint
tenancies at the four Martaban Road properties have all been severed. Nos 31
and 33 now are solely owned by the Plaintiff whilst Nos 27 and 29 are solely
owned by Geetha. The joint tenancy of No 35 (and its adjoining vacant plot of
land) cannot be severed yet because the property has an existing mortgage with
Sing Investments & Finance Limited (“Sing Investment”) 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Ibid para 58.

.

The pleadings

30 In her statement of claim (“SOC”), the Plaintiff narrated her version of
the facts that lead to the sale of the Dunlop Street property as well as what
transpired thereafter. She alleged that the defendants are in breach of their
fiduciary duties to her as a beneficiary of the Estate in that as the
Administrators, they misappropriated the Plaintiff’s share. In her reliefs,
the Plaintiff prayed for a declaration to that effect and requested that the
Administrators return her the Plaintiff’s share.

31 In the joint defence (“the Defence”) that they filed, the defendants
essentially repeated the facts that were set out in their joint AEIC. What was
surprising was the fact that they put the Plaintiff to strict proof that she
has been blind since the 1970s 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See Defence at para 2.

. They further required strict proof of their fiduciary duties to her as the
Administrators of the Estate (on which the court queried their counsel 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See transcripts on 19 April 2022 at p 5.

).

32 The defendants pleaded that in return for their having taken care of their
late father and the Plaintiff while the Deceased was alive, the Plaintiff gave
them the Plaintiff’s share as a gift. They relied on the Gift Document as
evidence. The defendants added that they had paid the Plaintiff the balance of
$6,377.62 and therefore nothing was owed to her from her share of the Dunlop
Street property 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See Defence at paras 11-13.

.

33 In the alternative, the defendants averred that there was a presumption of
a gift to them as children from the Plaintiff as their mother. In the further
alternative, the defendants raised the defence of estoppel, relying on the
Gift Document 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ibid paras 14-15.

.

34 The defendants denied the Plaintiff had suffered any loss at all.

35 The Plaintiff filed a Reply in response to the Defence. She inter alia
denied making a gift to the defendants of $1.36m or receiving $6,377.62 from
them. She further denied signing the Gift Document, that the presumption of a
gift applied or that she was estopped in claiming her entitlement. She alleged
that the defendants committed equitable fraud in depriving her of the
Plaintiff’s share under the guise of a gift 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See Reply at paras 4, 7, 10-11 and 20.

.

36 The Plaintiff added that as she did not receive the sale proceeds, she did
not have an equitable or legal interest over the sale proceeds and could not
have gifted it or any part thereof to the defendants. In the alternative, she
averred that even if she had obtained an equitable interest, the defendants
retained the legal interest in the sale proceeds and hence, remained as
trustees owing her fiduciary duties in her capacity as a beneficiary 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ibid paras 14-15.

.

37 The Plaintiff contended that the defendants acted in conflict of their
duties owed to her as a beneficiary when they received the alleged gift of
$1.36m and/or when they procured the Gift Document. Hence, the gift, even if
there was one, is invalid 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ibid paras 16.

.

38 The Plaintiff alleged that the alleged gift is tainted by undue influence
and is voidable. Further, the alleged gift is subject to the doctrine of
unconscionability. The Plaintiff relies on the fact that the defendants
exploited her blindness, her advanced age and her lack of proficiency in the
English language as the basis for invoking the doctrine 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Ibid paras 18-19.

.

39 Finally, the Plaintiff pleaded the principle of non est factum. She seeks a
declaration from the court that the alleged gift and the Gift Document are
null and void 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See Reply at para 21.

.

40 In the defendants’ closing submissions 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

At para 2.

, they criticised the Plaintiff for being inconsistent in her pleadings. They
pointed out that at para 7 of her Reply, she denied that she signed the Gift
Document. Yet, at paras 16 to 19 of the Reply, the Plaintiff asserted that the
gift is invalid, tainted by undue influence and subject to unconscionability,
which are all premised on the Plaintiff having signed the Gift Document. Such
inconsistency the defendants submit, offends common sense and justice (citing
Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another [2012] 1 SLR 457 (“Ng Chee
Weng”).

41 In her reply submissions 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

At paras 4–8.

, the Plaintiff submitted that the facts in Ng Chee Weng are different from
the facts here. In fact, at holdings 3 to 5 in that case, the Court of Appeal
held that a party could plead inconsistent rights in the alternative, if the
inconsistency did not offend common sense. The Plaintiff argued that her
primary case is that she did not make any gift to the defendants. Her
alternative claim is that, if the court finds she made a gift to the
defendants, then the equitable defences of undue influence and
unconscionability are available to her which defences would make the gift
voidable.

42 The Plaintiff argued she is not running two contrary versions of facts, ie,
that she did not make a gift and that she made the gift. Her primary claim is
that she did not make a gift. The defendants contend that she did. Her
alternative case based on the defences of undue influence and
unconscionability would only come into operation if the court finds in favour
of the defendants on their case that they did receive a gift from her.

43 The court accepts the Plaintiff’s argument that she is entitled to plead
the two alternatives as defences should the court find she did make a gift in
favour of the defendants.

The evidence

44 The Plaintiff and Leena testified for her case while the defendants had
four witnesses namely, themselves, Siva and Pang.

(i) The Plaintiff’s case

45 The court has already set out the facts in the Plaintiff’s AEIC 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

At [2] to [7].

. During her cross-examination, the Plaintiff was adamant that Geetha did not
update her on the completion of the sale of the Dunlop Street property.

46 In cross-examination, the Plaintiff revealed that the parties were not on
speaking terms and only reconciled recently when the Plaintiff was invited,
first to Geetha’s son’s wedding in February 2021 and later to Mogan’s
daughter’s wedding in April 2021 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See transcripts on 19 April 2022 at p 26.

.

47 Counsel for the defendants Mr Sarbrinder attempted to show to the Plaintiff
that notwithstanding she has sued them, the defendants still care for her 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See transcripts on 19 April 2022 at pp 32-35.

. In fact, Geetha prepares the Plaintiff’s tax returns for her and when the
Plaintiff visits polyclinics, Geetha’s husband would drive her there. The
Plaintiff agreed prior to 2019, Geetha prepared her tax returns; Leena has
since taken over. The Plaintiff pointed out Geetha accompanied her for medical
appointments prior to the demise of the Deceased. She denied Mogan would also
drive her to the polyclinics and further denied Geetha paid her medical bills.
She asserted that she gave money to Geetha to pay those bills.

48 The Plaintiff testified that only Geetha, not Mogan took care of her. Mogan
would only take her out on her birthdays. Throughout her cross-examination,
the Plaintiff did not have a good word to say about Mogan. She would not
acknowledge that through his then contractor’s business, Mogan had renovated
No 35 Martaban Road at his own cost before he shifted there in 2009. She
complained that Mogan made use of the vacant plot of land as his office and
used the electricity supply from the Martaban property between 2013 and 2020
at her expense until she/Leena told the electricity vendor in 2021 to
disconnect the electricity supplied to him. Mr Sarbrinder refuted her claim
pointing out that GSM paid her utilities bills. The Plaintiff was also unaware
that Mogan had been servicing the mortgage of Sing Investment 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See their statements at 3AB158-161.

which had been in existence before the demise of the Deceased.

49 The Plaintiff acknowledged she knows Siva from her visits to a Hindu temple
where she would see him 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See transcripts on 19 April 2022 at pp 49-50.

. He had also attended the funeral of the Deceased. However, the Plaintiff
denied he had asked her in Tamil on 12 April 2017 whether she knew what she
was signing and she had confirmed she did. She alleged that Siva listens to
Mogan.

50 It was pointed out to the Plaintiff during cross-examination that besides
the Gift Document, the Plaintiff had signed legal documents such as the
Renunciation 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See 2AB40.

and Consent 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See 2AB28-29.

forms for administration of the Estate on 6 August 2015 and 2 September 2013
respectively, the Deed of Partition dated 16 September 2021 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See 2AB133-136.

relating to severance of the joint tenancies for the properties in [29] as
well as the Acceptance portion of the loan facilities letter dated 17 June
2019 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See 2AB93-104.

from Orix Leasing Singapore Limited (“Orix”) secured by mortgages over the
four Martaban Road properties in [29]. All her signatures were in English,
including the one on the Option.

51 Notwithstanding her blindness, it was Leena’s testimony 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See transcripts on 20 April 202 at p 147.

that the Plaintiff is amazingly independent in her activities of daily living.
The Plaintiff is familiar with the Martaban Road property and relying on her
memory, she is able to move around, bathe, cook, clean and do everything on
her own. It is only when she has to venture out from her house that Leena has
to accompany her and guide her either to the polyclinics or temples.

52 Nothing much turns on Leena’s cross-examination. Contrary to the
defendants’ case that the Plaintiff reneged on the Gift Document because she
wanted to provide for her after the Plaintiff’s passing, in Leena’s re-
examination, she explained 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 192.

that the Plaintiff wanted to provide for her grandchildren. It was also
Leena’s testimony that she called off the wedding on 23 June 2018 and hence,
it did not make sense for the defendants (as they claimed) to have given her
$50,000 in August 2018 for her to buy jewellery for her wedding in December
2018. Leena could remember the date clearly because her engagement was on the
birthday of her younger sister Priya 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Ibid p 191.

.

53 The court would also add that contrary to the defendants’ position that
Leena lives off the Plaintiff staying with her at the Martaban Road property,
Leena testified 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Ibid pp 160-161.

that she shares the cost of groceries with the Plaintiff and has been paying
for the utilities since 2020.

(ii) The defendants’ case

54 Geetha was the defendants’ first witness. Counsel for the Plaintiff refuted
the defendants’ AEIC where they claimed the Plaintiff was the one who first
mooted the sale of the Dunlop Street property. Geetha’s attention was drawn to
the defendants’ execution of an exclusive agency agreement in favour of
Savills dated 1 October 2016 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See 1AB56-60.

, which was well before the Deepavali discussion referred to earlier at [10].
Indeed, the agreement to sell was reached as early as July 2016. This can be
seen from the correspondence exchanged between the solicitors for the
defendants/Plaintiff and Kumari (Trident Law Corporation). There was a letter
dated 12 July 2016 from Kertar Law LLC, the Administrators’ solicitors, to
Trident Law Corporation stating the Administrators had received an offer to
purchase the Dunlop Street property at $2.6m 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See 4AB8-9.

. In Trident Law’s letter dated 2 August 2016 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See 1AB268.

, they stated that Kumari was agreeable to the sale of the Dunlop Street
property at $2.6m. Prior thereto, in a letter dated 16 March 2016, the then
Estate’s solicitors Bernard & Rada LLC had indicated a valuation of $3m-$3.1m
for the property as at 5 February 2016 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See 4AB11.

.

55 Geetha’s cross-examination revealed her difficulty in recollection and in
producing relevant documents. She repeatedly said she could not remember dates
of various events including when she signed the Savills agency agreement in
[54] 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 211.

. Although Siva had dated it 1 October 2016, she did not think that was the
date she actually signed the document but she could not provide alternative
dates.

56 Under a clause in the Will, the Administrators were to have transferred the
sums in a time deposit and saving account with Standard Chartered Bank (“SCB”)
to the Estate’s beneficiaries. According to the Schedule of Assets of the
Estate 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See 1AB17.

, the monies in the two SCB accounts totalled $75,845.41 of which half or
$37,922.71 should have been given to the Plaintiff. In cross-examination,
Geetha testified she did give that amount in cash to the Plaintiff. However,
when questioned by counsel for the Plaintiff 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 243.

, Geetha confirmed she had no supporting documents to prove she paid the
Plaintiff.

57 As for the $50,000 the defendants claimed 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

At [24] supra.

they gave the Plaintiff for Leena’s wedding expenses in December 2018, the UOB
cheque for the sum 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See 1AB138.

showed the cheque was dated 1 August 2018 and the Plaintiff’s Maybank passbook
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See 1AB473.

showed a corresponding deposit into her account on 2 August 2018. The two
dates do not support the Defendants’ claim. Moreover, Leena had testified she
had called off the wedding in early June 2018 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 191.

. Why would the defendants still pay for Leena’s wedding expenses after that
date?

58 It was also Geetha’s testimony 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 253.

that apart from herself and Mogan, only the Plaintiff was aware of the Gift
Document. She did not disclose it to the Estate’s then lawyers, Subra TT Law
LLC, or to Kumari, because (according to Geetha) the Plaintiff did not want it
to be known by other people.

59 Geetha explained that because they are family, mother and daughter and she
is a favourite child of the Plaintiff, as well as the fact that they are
neighbours, they had many discussions whenever they met. It was not possible
for her to put everything into her AEIC nor in writing. Geetha explained that
77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 243-244.

she kept the rent paid in cash by the Plaintiff’s tenant for four years and
handed it to the Plaintiff to save the Plaintiff the trouble of going to the
bank to make withdrawals.

60 Contrary to the defendants’ assertion that the Plaintiff turned against
them and demanded severance of the joint tenancies of the four Martaban Road
properties because of Leena, counsel for the Plaintiff (Mr Sundararaj) drew
Geetha’s attention to a letter dated 18 October 2019 from his firm 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See 3AB275-276.

to her wherein the Plaintiff inter alia requested for details of the mortgages
on the four Martaban Road properties. Mr Sundararaj alleged the Plaintiff was
concerned as GSM had defaulted on the loan facilities from Orix of which the
Plaintiff was a guarantor. Geetha did not deny the Plaintiff’s allegation but
asserted 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 278.

that the Plaintiff was never asked to nor did she, bear any liability on her
guarantee to Orix.

61 In fact, there was a settlement agreement signed on or about 28 April 2021
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

See 3AB99-107.

between Orix, GSM, the defendants and the Plaintiff. The defendants agreed
thereunder inter alia to pay by monthly instalments the outstanding sum due to
Orix. GSM undertook to refinance the four Martaban Road properties to redeem
all their outstanding mortgages. Geetha agreed to provide security to Orix
over Nos 27 and No 29 Martaban Road once their joint tenancies were severed
and those properties were registered in her sole name while Nos 31 and 33
(belonging to the Plaintiff) would be encumbrance-free.

62 The figure stated as the Plaintiff’s share in the Gift Document is also
factually incorrect. Under cross-examination 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 260.

, Geetha admitted that the figure of $1,366,377.62 included the Plaintiff’s
entitlement to the rent collected from the Dunlop Street property.

63 Mogan’s testimony essentially corroborated Geetha’s. It was obvious from
his answers during cross-examination that Mogan is totally dependent on Geetha
to collect rent, prepare the accounts and documents and manage/ administer the
Estate as well as PR’s estate. Mogan testified he even relies on Geetha to do
his tax returns 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See transcripts on 22 April 2022 at pp 318 and 357.

because he is a layman. He seemed to be clueless about the affairs of the
Estate including the rental income notwithstanding the fact that he is a co-
administrator.

64 Mogan considered the Estate’s properties a ‘financial burden’ as the
properties were rundown, some needed maintenance and renovations and there
were liabilities for taxes and property tax 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See transcripts on 22 April 2022 at p 347.

. There was also the outstanding Sing Investment loan. Cross-examined, he did
not know why that loan was not repaid after the demise of the Deceased. He
requested that the question be directed to his sister 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Ibid pp 350-351.

.

65 Mogan claimed he gave $4,500 every month to Geetha to service the Sing
Investment loan. However, the court pointed out that those payments of his
were not reflected in the statements of account of Sing Investment for the
months October and November 2019 and January 2020 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See 3AB 158-161.

. Mogan admitted he did not know what Geetha did with the money he gave to her
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See transcripts on 22 April 2022 at p 353.

.

66 It was adduced during cross-examination that Mogan obtained a loan in the
name of GSM from UOB of $2.2m to buy out Kumari’s share in No 118 Race Course
Road which he jointly owns with Geetha 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See transcripts on 22 April 2022 at pp 381-384.

. That loan therefore only benefited him.

67 Mogan (and for that matter Geetha) did not seem to realise that the
Plaintiff needed a lawyer and/or a financial adviser to render her advice on
her decision to give away her inheritance. Mogan described her as “a very
strong and determined person” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See transcripts on 22 April 2022 at p 377-378 – Mogan’s testimony.

whose decisions he would obey as otherwise she would get angry. He claimed he
and Geetha would always listen to her and follow her instructions.

68 Not much turns on Siva’s evidence. In his AEIC 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

At para 4.

, Siva had described himself as a family friend of both the Plaintiff and the
defendants and he had met the Plaintiff on many occasions 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See AEIC of Siva at para 6.

at a Serangoon Road Hindu temple. His testimony under cross-examination shows
that statement to be incorrect. He had only met the Plaintiff once or twice
since first making her acquaintance in August 2012 at a Temple function 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See transcripts on 26 April 2022 at pp 424-430.

. They then met at the funeral of the Deceased in 2013 and at a wedding in
December 2019.

69 It was clear from Siva’s evidence during cross-examination 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Ibid p 461.

that he did not question why the Plaintiff was making a gift to the
defendants. He understood from one or both of the defendants that the
Plaintiff wanted to give her children the Plaintiff’s share. Being a close-
knit family living together, Siva testified he did not sense that anything was
amiss because all of them looked comfortable at the signing. The Plaintiff did
not ask what she was signing. When he inquired if she had read the document,
the Plaintiff answered “Yes I know”. He did not ask the Plaintiff whether she
was comfortable with him being a witness to the Gift Document. To his mind,
although the Plaintiff’s share is a big sum to him, it may not be so to the
Plaintiff’s family in view of the properties they have and what they own 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See transcripts on 26 April 2022 at pp 462-463.

.

70 Pang, the defendants’ expert was their last witness. The court does not
doubt his expertise nor the conclusion in his report 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

At para 7.

– that based on his analysis, there is very strong support that the writer of
the many specimen signatures he received wrote the Plaintiff’s signature on
the Gift Document. The specimen signatures that Pang used in his analysis
included inter alia those in the Plaintiff’s passport, the Renunciation and
Consent forms for the grant of letters of administration with Will annexed,
the Deed of Partition 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See [50] supra.

and the Acceptance portions of the facility letters of Orix.

71 At Appendix C of his report, under the heading Levels of Conclusions, Pang
had given various qualitative scales to describe the strength of the evidence
based on the materials he was provided. In relation to the phrase “very strong
support”, he said that it “occurs when there is some limiting factor, often
due to some critical feature or quality missing, often the reproduction
processes, has reduced the level of certainty attainable” 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See p 17 of Pang’s report.

.

72 In cross-examination, Pang acknowledged that he was not told the signatory
of the specimen signatures he received is blind and elderly. However, because
of his experience and his observation of what he termed “pen wandering” which
is a certain amount of tremors and irregularities and lack of smooth writing,
he knew that the signatures belonged to somebody who may have some physical
problems or may be elderly. Hence, he questioned and was told that the lady is
unable to see and is of advanced age 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See transcripts on 26 April 2022 at p 481.

. It was also recorded in his report 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

At para 5.3.

.

The issues

73 The main issues that arise in this case for the court’s determination are:

(a) Did the Plaintiff ask the defendants to sell the Dunlop Street property?

(b) Did the Plaintiff inform the defendants she would give her share of the
sale proceeds to lighten their financial burden in managing the Estate as well
as PR’s estate?

(c) Did the Plaintiff sign the Gift Document?

(d) If she did, was she aware of what she was signing?

The findings

74 In the course of Geetha’s testimony, the court had commented it was “very
unwise” 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 260.

of Geetha to have prepared the Gift Document. The court having reviewed the
evidence would say it was more than unwise of the defendants to have relied on
a Do It Yourself (“DIY”) document and to come to court to defend the gift to
themselves of the Plaintiff’s share.

75 The court is even more amazed that the Will upon which the Plaintiff’s
claim hinges is also a DIY document prepared by Geetha particularly when she
admitted she is not a lawyer 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Ibid p 260 line 20.

. An exchange took place between the court and Geetha on why the Gift Document
was not prepared by a lawyer 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Ibid pp 261-263.

. Geetha’s explanation that the Plaintiff insisted there was no need for
lawyers to be involved is a lame excuse. It bears noting that three sets of
lawyers were involved in representing the Estate at various times and the
defendants’ current lawyers in this suit are the fourth set of lawyers that
they have appointed. As the court pointed out to Geetha 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 262.

(who agreed), as she had taken the Plaintiff to see lawyers many times, one
more trip to the lawyers would not have “killed” either Geetha or the
Plaintiff.

76 The court had further pointed out to Geetha that had a lawyer been
consulted, the parties would not be before the court as lawyers would ensure
that the purported gift is valid.

77 Geetha had also attempted to explain that she prepared the Will at the
Deceased’s insistence. She added that her parents were/are very conservative
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 261 line 27.

. The court cannot see any correlation between a DIY Will and the
conservativeness of her parents in this regard.

78 The court had also pointed out to Geetha that at law the Plaintiff is a
vulnerable person due to her age and blindness 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Ibid pp 266-267.

, a point that counsel for the Plaintiff repeatedly emphasised to Mogan and
Siva both of whom (like Geetha) seemed to be oblivious to such an important
fact.

79 In the defendants’ closing submissions, the entire focus of their arguments
was on the fact that the Plaintiff had signed a number of documents in English
prior to 12 April 2017 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

See [50] supra.

. The short answer to this argument is that for all those documents, the
Plaintiff appeared before solicitors to append her signatures to legal
documents which were translated to her, save for the Orix letters of offer.
Here, she purportedly signed a legal document before two persons who would
benefit personally thereunder and before a third person who was a friend of
one of the two beneficiaries.

80 The defendants argued the Plaintiff was told the contents of the Gift
Document, she signed it voluntarily, she knew what she was signing and is
therefore bound by what she signed. With respect, the court rejects this
argument.

81 The defendants also argued 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

At para 12 of their closing submissions.

that after signing the Gift Document, the Plaintiff did nothing for over two
years and that was because she knew she had given away $1.36m of her share to
the defendants. It was only after she had had a change of heart that the
Plaintiff decided to claw back her gift. This argument flies in the face of
the evidence 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

See [7] supra.

adduced before the court. The Plaintiff had testified 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

See transcripts on 20 April 2022 at p 82.

that in 2017 itself, she asked Geetha for her share of the sale proceeds. When
she was told by Geetha she did not have a share, she asked Kumari and when she
was told she did have a share, she needed Kumari to bring her to see a lawyer
to ascertain the correct position before she could take the necessary legal
action.

82 The defendants’ above argument completely overlooks the fact that the
Plaintiff is blind. She may be very independent in her home environment
despite her infirmity but as Leena had testified 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

See [51] supra.

, the Plaintiff needs help once she ventures out of the Martaban Road
property. Moreover, the Plaintiff is unlikely to know lawyers offhand. Someone
needs to recommend lawyers to her and then bring her to see them, all of which
takes time.

83 Earlier at [4], the court had commented on Geetha’s oversight in omitting
the Dunlop Street property from the First Grant that necessitated the
application for the Second Grant, In the defendants’ AEIC 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

At para 12.

, they claimed they were unaware that the Dunlop Street property is part of
the Estate. That cannot be true. During cross-examination 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 202.

, the Plaintiff’s counsel had drawn Geetha’s attention to a tenancy agreement
dated 18 March 2013 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See 1AB403 and 428.

that she had signed for the Dunlop Street property witnessed by no less than
Mogan and Siva.

84 Another instance the Plaintiff cited of the defendants’ false testimony
related to when the sale of the Dunlop Street property was first mooted. Their
AEIC 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

At paras 19 and 24.

claimed it was in October 2016 about a week before Deepavali which fell on 29
October 2016. Their evidence is contradicted by the agency agreement dated 1
October 2016 they signed with Savills 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See 1AB56-60.

. Indeed based on correspondence produced before the court 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See 4AB3-26.

, the defendants and Kumari had raised the subject of selling the Dunlop
Street property as early as February 2016 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See [54] supra.

.

85 In the Plaintiff’s closing submissions 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

At paras 82-83.

, the above incidents were cited as examples of how untruthful the defendants
were in their testimony. Indeed, the Plaintiff’s closing submissions were
highly critical of the defendants’ evidence, submitting “it was not worthy of
belief” 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

At para 126.

, and the way in which they had procured the Plaintiff’s signature on the Gift
Document.

86 Whether the inconsistencies in their evidence are due to confusion or poor
recollection (Geetha’s excuse) or taking liberties with the truth (as the
Plaintiff’s counsel alleged), the fact remains that the court finds the
defendants’ testimony to be wholly unreliable.

87 The Plaintiff’s closing submissions 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

At para 119.

pointed out that Geetha’s repeated refrain that the Plaintiff did not want
lawyers to be involved in the gift was not put to the Plaintiff nor did it
appear in the defendants’ AEIC. The court had also commented when questioning
Geetha 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

See transcripts on 21 April 2022 at p 263.

that the Plaintiff never said in her testimony that she did not want to
consult lawyers.

88 It is also highly unlikely that the Plaintiff was given a copy of the Gift
Document, the day after she signed it as Mogan claimed 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See transcripts on 22 April 2022 at p 374.

. Had that been the case, the Plaintiff would most certainly have shown the
document to Leena and the document would have come to light sooner. Nothing
was said by the defendants in their AEIC about giving a copy of the original
document to the Plaintiff. Consequently, the court also rejects the
defendants’ evidence in this regard.

89 It bears noting at this juncture that the contents of the Gift Document are
incorrect and/or false. Prior to 10 January 2013, the Deceased took care of
the Plaintiff. Leena moved into the Martaban Road property one day before her
grandfather’s passing. Leena has been the primary caregiver of the Plaintiff
since 9 January 2013 until to-date 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See transcripts on 20 April 2022 at p 98 lines 30-32.

. It is also untrue that Geetha and Mogan took care of the couple before the
demise of the Deceased. No evidence was produced in that regard. Even if the
defendants and Geetha in particular took care of the Deceased while he was
alive, why should the Plaintiff have to thank them on his behalf by foregoing
her inheritance? The defendants seem to have put a very substantial price on
their filial piety to their late father and to their surviving mother.

90 It also bears remembering that apart from half the rental income she
receives from No 33 Martaban Road (she gives the other half to Geetha), the
Plaintiff does not have a regular source of income 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See transcripts on 20 April 2022 at p 147 – Leena’s testimony.

. The current rent is $3,000 per month 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See transcripts on 20 April 2022 at p 122 – the Plaintiff’s testimony.

so half would be $1,500, not a substantial sum. Why would the Plaintiff give
away her entire inheritance from her late husband to two of her children who
are better off than her? It is pointless for the defendants’ counsel to put to
the Plaintiff 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

See transcripts on 20 April 2022 at p 93.

that by virtue of her sole ownership of Nos 31 and 33 Martaban Road, she has
assets worth about $6m. One property is her residence and the other only
yields her rental income of $1,500 per month. She can hardly be expected to
live off her two fixed assets.

91 It is telling that the Plaintiff [see [21] above] did not have kind words
for Mogan nor for Geetha. She had also denied that they took care of her after
the demise of the Deceased.

92 As for Siva, in the defendants’ AEIC 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

At para 30.

, they had given four reasons why it was appropriate for him to witness the
Plaintiff’s execution of the Gift Document. These are:

(a) he was the property agent who handled the sale of the Dunlop Street
property;

(b) he is a family friend;

(c) he is effectively bilingual in Tamil and English; and

(d) he had witnessed the Deceased’s Will.

In the court’s view, all four factors are reasons why Siva should not have
witnessed the Plaintiff’s signature to the Gift Document. It did not cross
Siva’s mind to ask the Plaintiff to seek legal or financial advice. He is not
an independent third party who can be expected to be objective. He is Mogan’s
friend and fellow soccer player since the 1990s 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See transcripts on 26 April 2022 at p 421 – Siva’s testimony.

and he was aware from the time he first made her acquaintance that the
Plaintiff is blind 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Ibid p 423.

.

93 Siva’s testimony in cross-examination confirmed he did not read or know the
contents of the Gift Document as he relied on Geetha’s interpretation to the
Plaintiff in Tamil as evidence the latter knew and understood the contents 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Ibid pp 461-462.

. He was present just to witness the Plaintiff’s signature. It appears to the
court that Siva did not even pay attention to what Geetha was saying to the
Plaintiff when he witnessed the latter’s signing of the Gift Document.

94 The court had earlier indicated at [70] that it accepts Pang’s testimony
that the Plaintiff likely signed the Gift Document. Pang’s conclusion however
does not advance the defendants’ case very far in the light of the court’s
findings below and her plea of non est factum.

95 Notwithstanding her denial that she did not sign the Gift Document, the
Plaintiff did not come across as an untruthful witness or one lacking in
credibility. The Plaintiff’s denial of her signature in the Gift Document must
be viewed in the light of the fact that the court has no independent
corroborative evidence of what Geetha allegedly told the Plaintiff were the
contents of the document. What if the Plaintiff was told it was part of the
sale documents for the Dunlop Street property? She would willingly sign such a
document because it was her evidence that she had agreed to its sale.

96 The Plaintiff was not confused (unlike Geetha) in her testimony; she
remembered dates and events well. She was steadfast and there was neither
hesitation not prevarication on her part.

97 The court makes the same observation on Leena’s testimony. Leena was
forthright and candid in her evidence. The court does not doubt that her
affection and care for the Plaintiff is genuine and without any ulterior
motives, unlike what the defendants seemed to suggest. Although the Plaintiff
is Leena’s paternal grandmother, it was evident to the court that it was more
like a mother-daughter relationship between them. The Plaintiff took care of
Leena in her growing up years, they lived together for many years and still
do, and Leena is far closer to the Plaintiff than to her own mother Kumari.

The decision

98 Having reviewed the evidence, the court answers the issues posed in [73] as
follows:

(a) the Plaintiff did not ask but agreed to the defendants selling the Dunlop
Street property;

(b) the Plaintiff did not inform the defendants she would give to them her
share of the sale proceeds to lighten their financial burden in managing the
Estate as well as PR’s estate;

(c) the Plaintiff did sign the Gift Document but;

(d) she was not aware of what she was signing.

99 In regard to the Plaintiff s plea of non est factum in her Reply, the court
is of the view that a lawyer should have been engaged to draft and then
interpret the Gift Document to the Plaintiff. This crucial step not having
been taken coupled with the court’s reservations on the reliability of the
testimony of Geetha and/or Mogan as noted earlier 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See [83], [84] and [86].

, the court finds that the Plaintiff signed the Gift Document without
appreciating that she had given away the Plaintiff’s share as well as her rent
entitlement.

100 The defendants as the administrators of the Estate owe fiduciary duties to
the Plaintiff as a beneficiary. Their defence 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See [31] supra.

to put the Plaintiff to strict proof of such fiduciary duties is absurd as the
court had pointed out to their counsel 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See transcripts on 19 April 2022 at p 5.

. They are duty-bound at law to discharge such fiduciary duties.

101 In breach of their fiduciary duties as administrators of the Estate, the
defendants attempted by the Gift Document to benefit themselves personally by
depriving the Plaintiff of her inheritance from the Estate.

102 If arguendo, the court’s finding is wrong and the Plaintiff knew the
contents of the Gift Document and it is therefore valid, the court will go on
to consider the plea of unconscionability raised in the Plaintiff’s Reply. The
Plaintiff’s closing submissions 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

At para 155.

had cited in this connection the case of BOM v BOK and another appeal [2019] 1
SLR 349 (“BOM v BOK”). The court turns to the case.

103 There, the appellate court held 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See holding no 9 and [142].

that in Singapore the narrow doctrine of unconscionability applies, as
embodied in UK cases such as Fry v Lane (1888) 40 Ch D 312 and Cresswell v
Potter [1978] 1 WLR 255. The appellate court held that in order to invoke the
narrow doctrine, the Plaintiff had to show that he was suffering from an
infirmity that the other party had exploited in procuring the transaction.
Upon the satisfaction of this requirement, the burden was on the defendant to
demonstrate that the transaction was fair, just and reasonable. And in
addition to considering whether or not the Plaintiff was poor and ignorant,
the court would also include situations where the Plaintiff was suffering from
other forms of infirmities, whether physical, mental and/or emotional in
nature. But not every infirmity would ipso facto be sufficient to invoke the
narrow doctrine of unconscionability. It must have been of sufficient gravity
as to have acutely affected the Plaintiff’s ability to conserve his interests,
and must also have been or ought to have been, evident to the other party
procuring the transaction.

104 Applying the requirements set down by the Court of Appeal to this case,
there is little doubt that the Plaintiff has fulfilled the requirements for
the doctrine of unconscionability in its narrow sense to apply. The defendants
had exploited the Plaintiff’s blindness and her advanced age. Their
reprehensible conduct in procuring her signature to the Gift Document, the
existence of which no one else knew save for Siva, is enough ground to invoke
the doctrine.

105 In the light of the court’s findings, it would not be necessary to deal
with the defences of presumption of a gift and/or estoppel raised by the
defendants.

106 Consequently, the court declares that the Gift Document is invalid and is
hereby set aside. The defendants jointly and severally are to pay the
Plaintiff the sum of $1,366,377.62 since they are unable to prove they paid
her $6,377.62 and only took as their “gift” from her, $1,360,000.

107 In the Plaintiff’s closing submissions 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

At para 212.

she argued that she should be awarded interest on her claim from 10 April
2017, that being the date when according to Mogan’s evidence 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

See transcripts on 22 April 2022 at p 336.

, he collected the cheques for the completion account from the conveyancing
lawyers’ firm. The Plaintiff relied on the Court of Appeal decision in Grains
and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd v Bank of India and Anor [2016] 3 SLR
1308 to support her argument for pre-judgment interest. The appellate court,
citing its earlier decision in Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen
Consultants Pte Ltd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623, had held 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

At [138].

that as a general rule, damages should commence from the date of accrual of
loss.

108 The award of interest is entirely within the court’s discretion. Due to
the Administrators’ breach of their fiduciary duties to the Plaintiff as a
beneficiary of the Estate and no fault on her part, the Plaintiff has been
kept out of her money since 10 April 2017. The court accepts the Plaintiff’s
argument and awards her interest on $1,366,377.62 from 10 April 2017 at the
statutory rate of 5.33% until payment.

Costs

109 The parties filed their respective Costs Schedule. The Plaintiff’s Costs
Schedule estimated costs on a solicitors-and-client or indemnity basis as
$265,000 with disbursements of another $36,091.07 to arrive at a global figure
of $319,884.19. The Plaintiff submitted 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

See the Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 211.

she should be entitled to indemnity costs to be paid by the defendants
personally and not by the Estate in view of their having acted dishonestly,
irresponsibly and unreasonably.

110 In the defendants’ Costs Schedule, they estimated party-and-party or
standard basis costs as $107,000 with disbursements of another $8,500 to make
a grand total of $115,500.

111 It would be a travesty of justice to order the Estate to bear the costs of
these proceedings in view of the defendants’ breach of their administrators’
duties. The defendants are to bear jointly and severally in their personal
capacities, the Plaintiff’s costs of $195,000 which are awarded on a standard
not indemnity basis. She is further awarded disbursements of another $32,000
(which includes hearing fees and transcription fees). The total sum awarded to
the Plaintiff for her costs is therefore $227,000.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Palaniappan Sundararaj, Lim Min and Ranita Yogeeswaran (K&L Gates Straits Law
LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Sarbrinder Singh s/o Naranjan Singh and Tay Yu E (Sanders Law LLC) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 04 Nov 2022 (14:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

