Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 10

Suit No 378 of 2020

Between

| Pilgrim Private Debt Fund  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Asian Appraisal Company Private Limited  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of care]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Causation]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Contributory negligence]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Damages]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Unfair Contract Terms Act] — [Sections
2(2) and 11(3)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pilgrim Private Debt Fund

  
v

  

Asian Appraisal Company Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 10

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 378 of 2020  
Tan Siong Thye J  
20–24 September, 5–8, 11 October, 23 November 2021

17 January 2022 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Pilgrim Private Debt Fund, claims against the defendant,
Asian Appraisal Company Private Limited, for alleged professional negligence
arising from the defendant’s valuation of the plant and machinery (“the
Assets”) of NK Ingredients Pte Ltd (“NKI”). The defendant was engaged by NKI
to prepare two valuation reports of its Assets dated 29 September 2017 (the
“1st Report”) and 17 May 2019 (the “2nd Report”) (collectively “the Two
Reports”).

2 In the 1st Report, the defendant valued the fair market price of the Assets
at approximately US$26m on an ongoing basis and US$12.13m on a forced sale
basis as of 13 March 2017. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 6.

The plaintiff claims that, in reliance on the 1st Report dated 29 September
2017, the plaintiff granted a loan of S$1.6m to NKI (the “Loan”), which was
secured against the Assets. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at paras 8 and 11; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement (“POS”) at para 3.

The Loan was disbursed in two tranches on 18 April 2018 and 25 April 2018. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 13.

3 In 2019, NKI faced financial difficulties and one of its creditors applied
to place it under judicial management. In light of the 1st Report in which the
value of the defendant’s Assets pledged to the plaintiff ostensibly far
exceeded the Loan, the plaintiff agreed to support NKI in its application for
a moratorium as it intended to pursue debt restructuring with the creditors.
The moratorium was ultimately granted. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 17.

The moratorium lapsed on 1 July 2019. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 18.

4 In January 2019, NKI indicated to the defendant that it wanted an updated
appraisal of the Assets. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Chan Hiap Kong (“CHK”) at para 25.

In March 2019 NKI engaged the defendant to prepare the 2nd Report.
Subsequently, the plaintiff was given the 2nd Report dated 17 May 2019, in
which the defendant valued the Assets at a fair value of approximately US$27m
as an ongoing concern and US$9m on a forced sale basis as of 2 May 2019. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at paras 20 and 21.

The plaintiff claims that, in reliance on the 2nd Report, the plaintiff
decided not to appoint a receiver and manager. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 25.

5 NKI was placed under judicial management on 20 August 2019 and FTI
Consulting Pte Ltd (“FTI Consulting”) was appointed as NKI’s judicial manager.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 25.

On 2 September 2019, FTI Consulting commissioned another valuation report of
the Assets. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at para 26.

This report dated 6 September 2019 was prepared by Robert Khan International
Business Consultants (the “RK Report”) 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 26.

and the salvage value of the Assets was valued at between S$1m and S$1.5m. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at para 27.

6 The landlord of NKI, Soilbuild Business Space REIT (“Soilbuild”), wanted
possession of the premises from NKI and that all chattels be cleared by 31
January 2019. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) at p 758.

Accordingly, on 20 January 2020, FTI Consulting requested the plaintiff to
remove the Assets from NKI’s premises. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 28.

The plaintiff only received one offer of S$770,000 for the purchase of the
Assets. After setting off the costs of demobilising and decommissioning the
Assets, the plaintiff only received an approximate sum of S$250,000. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at paras 30 and 31; POS at para 8.

The plaintiff claims that the defendant had negligently overstated the value
of the Assets in the Two Reports 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

POS at para 9.

and therefore claims for its loss arising therefrom. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at paras 35 and 36.

NKI was subsequently wound up on 28 February 2020. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at para 32; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of David Leow Tiak Cheow
(“DLTC”) at para 10.

7 The defendant contends that it does not owe a duty of care to the plaintiff
as the plaintiff was not the defendant’s client. The defendant claims that the
Two Reports were prepared only for NKI’s use. The defendant also relies on a
set of limiting conditions that is expressly stated in the Two Reports (“the
Limiting Conditions”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence at paras 6, 22(c) and 29.

In response, the plaintiff argues that the Limiting Conditions are invalid
pursuant to s 2(2) of the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“UCTA”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Reply (Amendment No 1) (“Reply”) at paras 5.

8 The defendant further contends that the plaintiff has not proven that the
defendant has breached its duty of care or caused the plaintiff’s loss. Even
if the plaintiff had suffered loss, the defendant claims that the plaintiff
failed to adequately mitigate its loss and/or was contributorily negligent. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence at paras 27 and 29.

9 After commencing the present action, on 22 February 2021, the plaintiff
applied for the trial to be bifurcated on liability and damages pursuant to O
33 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

HC/SUM 849/2021.

As the defendant agreed, I allowed this application on 5 March 2021. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

HC/ORC 5145/2021.

The present judgment therefore concerns only the determination of the
defendant’s liability.

Background to the dispute

10 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands in 2017 and
is in the business of corporate financing. It provides, inter alia, capital
loans for small and medium-sized enterprises in Singapore. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC at para 1.

The plaintiff and Pilgrim Partners Asia, a fund management company
incorporated in Singapore in 2009, have an investment management agreement. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript (20 September 2021) at p 34 line 6 to p 35 line 4; p 37 lines 20 to
22; p 41 line 11 to p 44 line 14.

Pilgrim Partners Asia set up the plaintiff as a separate corporate entity
through which investments are made. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript (20 September 2021) at p 37 line 23 to p 38 line 5.

Pilgrim Partners Asia then provides fund management services to the plaintiff
under the investment management agreement, which is a contract for services.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript (20 September 2021) at p 42 lines 21 to 25.

The plaintiff has directors but no employees. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript (20 September 2021) at p 41 lines 16 to 23.

One of the plaintiff’s directors is Mr Tan Yong Hui Brian (“Mr Tan”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Tan Yong Hui, Brian (“TYHB”) at para 1.

11 The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore sometime around 1971
and is in the business of providing valuation services. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence at para 3.

Mr Chan Hiap Kong (“Mr Chan”) is its director. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

CHK at para 1.

12 NKI was a private limited company incorporated in Singapore whose primary
business was in the manufacture of lanolin. Lanolin is a chemical substance
extracted from wool grease and its derivatives have applications in the
pharmaceutical, cosmetics and aquaculture industries. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DLTC at para 4.

Mr Leow Tiak Cheow (“Mr Leow”) is its former director. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DLTC at para 1.

Mr Kurt Metzger (“Mr Metzger”) was NKI’s Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”) from August 2017 to 16 January 2019. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DLTC at para 20.

NKI had previously owned the property where the Assets are located (the
“Property”) but had sold it to Soilbuild in 2013. NKI then became Soilbuild’s
tenant from 15 February 2013 to the date of its winding up on 28 February
2020. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DLTC at para 10.

13 Sometime in or around 2006, NKI was looking to obtain financing for, inter
alia, expansion of its plant and machinery. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DLTC at para 11.

NKI eventually engaged the defendant, who produced a valuation report in 2006.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DLTC at para 14.

Subsequently, NKI decided to expand its business to Malaysia, which resulted
in heavy financial losses. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DLTC at para 16.

NKI then had to be funded by way of various high-interest, short-term bridging
loans. According to NKI, because this arrangement was unsustainable, NKI
wanted to find long-term financing. Hence, in early March 2017, NKI requested
the defendant to produce another valuation report, viz, the 1st Report. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DLTC at paras 17 and 18.

The 1st Report

14 On 13 March 2017, 14 March 2017 and 27 March 2017, the defendant’s
appraisers, Mr Mario Roberto P Mendoza (“Mr Mendoza”) and Mr Cesar Ambulo (“Mr
Ambulo”), visited NKI’s premises to conduct an onsite inspection of NKI’s
plant and machinery. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Mario Mendoza (“MM”) at para 21.

At that time, Mr Ambulo, who was the defendant’s Valuation Manager (Plant &
Machinery), was supervised by Mr Mendoza, who was the defendant’s Valuation
Consultant (Plant & Machinery). Mr Ambulo left the defendant’s employ sometime
after this assignment and has since passed away in 2020. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CHK at para 16.

15 Mr Mendoza and Mr Ambulo completed the valuation process sometime at the
end of March 2017 and they sent NKI a draft initial valuation. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

CHK at para 18.

16 In or around 16 May 2017, NKI requested for the “residual value” of its
Assets at the “end of useful life”, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB at pp 1458 to 1459.

which the defendant understood to be the scrap value of NKI’s Assets. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

CHK at para 19.

Mr Mendoza replied in an email on 29 May 2017 as follows: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB at p 1455.

Good afternoon to you Mr. Koh. Sorry to have just read your reply. At any
rate, please see our response to your queries as follows:

…

3\. As we don’t have … any info on the weight of the P & M assets comprising
the plant, we have estimated the Scrap Value as a percentage (2-7%) of the
Cost of Replacement, New, also on a judgmental level, depending on the assets’
material content. Nonetheless, the prevailing scrap value in Singapore would
range from S$200-300/ton, if on a weight basis.

Please note that all along, for the percentages mentioned we have been guided
by the Depreciation Reference Table (excerpt from the textbook ‘Appraising
Machinery & Equipment’ by the American Society of Appraisers) as attached, and
which we believe we have already previously sent.

…

Subsequently, in a letter dated 28 July 2017 to NKI, the defendant stated that
the Assets had a scrap value of US$4,882,000 as of 31 December 2016 (the
“Scrap Value Letter”). In this letter, “scrap value” was defined as “the
estimated amount expressed in terms of money that could be realized for the
assets if sold for its material content, not for a productive use, as of a
specific date”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB at pp 1295 to 1296.

17 On 25 September 2017, Mr Metzger sent an e-mail to, inter alios, Mr Mendoza
and copying Mr Leow to inquire about the status of the valuation of the
Assets. This e-mail states as follows: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB at p 1467.

Dear all,

I understand you started an [sic] valuation of NKI’s plant and equipment back
in May 2017. As NKI is in the process of discussion with lenders to pledge the
plant and equipment in Tuas, I need an updated report I can use with the
lenders.

Can you let me know the status of your report and how quickly you could
complete the valuation which is of the quality needed to use with financial
institutions. NKI has done some refurbishment on the FA plant so another site
visit would be warranted.

Look forward to hearing from you, soonest.

Best

Kurt

[emphasis added]

Mr Mendoza responded by e-mail on 26 September 2017 to inform Mr Metzger that
the defendant would send the soft copy of the report within that week. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AB at p 1466.

Mr Metzger then replied to specifically instruct the defendant that the
lenders/investors that NKI was in discussion with would focus on the “forced
sale” scenario when considering whether to extend financing facilities to NKI.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DLTC at para 23.

This e-mail states as follows: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB at pp 1465 to 1466.

Mario,

Thanks very much for the quick follow up. … As the valuation will be used for
financing purposes, the lenders/investors will be focusing on the ‘forced
sale’ scenario so will need to be included in the report.

Would be greatly appreciated if I could [sic] draft report by end of business
on Thursday.

Best

Kurt

[emphasis added]

Mr Mendoza then replied on 27 September 2017, and his e-mail states: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB at p 1465.

Good day to you Mr. Metzger. Just read you [sic] email. thank you too for your
follow up reply. Just give us some time to work out the Forced Sale valuation
which was only requested now for it to be included as well.

…

[emphasis added]

The subsequent correspondence between Mr Mendoza and Mr Metzger included the
following email by Mr Metzger on 2 October 2017: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB at p 1462.

Mario,

If possible, greatly appreciated if we can receive report by end of business
Wednesday so I can send off to financial institutions.

Best

Kurt

18 Eventually, on 4 October 2017, NKI received the 1st Report dated 29
September 2017. This report provided two valuations of NKI’s Assets: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DLTC at para 24.

(a) Fair market value (in continued use): US$26,899,000 (the “fair market
value”); and

(b) Forced sale value (the “forced sale value”): US$12,130,000.

I reproduce the material portions of the 1st Report below: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB at pp 1 to 6.

…

APPRAISAL OF FIXED ASSETS

…

It is our understanding that this appraisal report shall be utilized for
financing purpose.

The term ‘Fair Market Value In Continued Use’ as used herein, is defined as
being the amount, in terms of money, at which the assets would exchange in the
market, allowing a reasonable time to find a purchaser, as between a willing
buyer and a willing seller, both having reasonable knowledge of all relevant
facts, and with equity to both, and contemplating the retention of the assets
in their present existing use for the purpose they were designed and built as
part of an ongoing business, but without specific reference to earnings, and
is expressed as subject to adequate potential profitability of the
undertaking.

The term ‘Forced Sale Value[’] as used herein, is defined as the estimated
amount that might be realized from an assembled or piecemeal disposition of
the subject assets in the second hand market, assuming a short period of time
in which to complete the transaction. The value estimates consider that the
assets will be offered for sale in its present location and condition on an
‘as is, where is’ basis.

…

APPRAISAL

Having due regard to all the above remarks, and as supported by the
accompanying summary and technical inventory, we are of the opinion that as of
13 March 2017, the total value of the assets appraised, located at [xxx], but
without specific relation to earnings, was in the order of:

FAIR MARKET VALUE, (IN CONTINUED USE)

US$ 26,899,000-/-

(US DOLLAR: TWENTY SIX MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED AND NINETY NINE THOUSAND ONLY)

FORCED SALE VALUE

US$12,130,000-/-

(US DOLLAR: TWELVE MILLION ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY THOUSAND ONLY)

This report is issued to the accompanying limiting conditions

…

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

19 While looking for financing from 2017 to 2018, NKI’s financial difficulties
persisted and NKI could not pay Soilbuild rent for the Property. On 13
November 2017, Soilbuild commenced Suit No 1045 of 2017 (the “Suit”) against
NKI for, inter alia, possession of the Property. In response to this Suit, NKI
filed an application on 12 December 2017 for a moratorium under the repealed s
211B of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (now s 64 of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act (Act 40 of 2018) (the “IRDA”)) in
Originating Summons No 1384 of 2017 (“OS 1384”) 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ex Parte Originating Summons in HC/OS 1384/2017.

and the court granted this application. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DLTC at para 29.

To save time and costs, NKI implemented a debt restructuring plan through
bilateral agreements with its creditors instead of employing a formal scheme
of arrangement. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DLTC at paras 27 to 29.

The court granted this moratorium on 11 January 2018, which was to end on 26
March 2018. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

HC/ORC 326/2018.

20 Sometime in January 2018, Mr Tan was introduced to NKI by Qi Capital Pte
Ltd (“Qi Capital”). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SOC at para 3; TYHB at para 20; DLTC at para 30.

Qi Capital would occasionally introduce businesses in need of short-term
financing to the plaintiff. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

TYHB at para 9.

NKI informed the plaintiff that it was looking to obtain credit facilities up
to S$4m and NKI would pledge its Assets as security. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

SOC at para 3; TYHB at para 20; DLTC at para 30.

Mr Leow also informed the plaintiff that he was willing to provide a personal
guarantee for any loan taken out by NKI. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DLTC at para 34.

Mr Leow owned a property, D’Grove Villas at 8A Orange Grove Road while his
daughter owned another, The Ladyhill at 1 Ladyhill Road. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript (23 September 2021) at p 73 line 22 to p 74 line 3.

As part of this introduction, Qi Capital provided the plaintiff with a copy of
the 1st Report via e-mail on 15 January 2018. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

TYHB at para 10 and pp 15 to 24.

The 1st Report was previously sent to Qi Capital by the defendant on 4 October
2017. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

TYHB at para 10 and pp 25 to 31.

Qi Capital then facilitated a formal introduction by way of a site visit of
NKI’s premises on 23 January 2018 for the plaintiff to view NKI’s Assets. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

TYHB at para 17 and p 24; DLTC at paras 32 and 33.

After the site visit, Mr Leow informed the plaintiff that NKI was under a
court-ordered moratorium in OS 1384 (see [19] above) and that NKI had
negotiated a satisfactory settlement plan through bilateral agreements with
its creditors. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

TYHB at para 18.

21 The plaintiff’s regulations only permitted it to extend a loan of up to 20%
of the plaintiff’s total assets under management (“AUM”) to a single borrower
even if the loan was adequately secured. At that time, the plaintiff’s AUM was
S$6m, so the plaintiff could only grant a maximum loan of S$1.2m to NKI. The
plaintiff then brought another lender on board, Goldbell Financial Services
Pte Ltd, to increase the potential loan sum. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

TYHB at paras 21 to 23.

22 Subsequently, Mr Tan provided a summary of NKI’s loan request to the
plaintiff’s credit committee (the “Credit Committee”) in an e-mail dated 1
February 2018. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

TYHB at para 25 and pp 36 to 37.

The Credit Committee would review and approve any funding exercise conducted
by the plaintiff. At the material time, the chairman of the Credit Committee
was Mr Choo Boon Tiong (“Mr Choo”). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

TYHB at para 24.

In this email, Mr Tan stated that the loan extended by the plaintiff to NKI
would be secured against NKI’s Assets valued at around US$27 million with a
forced sale value of US$12 million, which was supported by the defendant’s 1st
Report: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

TYHB at para 25 and p 36.

Dear Credit Committee,

We have 2 items that require your approval please.

1) NKI

…

The plan is to syndicate a loan to NKI for US$4m with the fund taking
SGD$1.2m. This syndicated loan will receive super-priority in accordance with
s211E of the Companies Act (Rescue financing). The fund will receive finder’s
fees for any other financing on top of the SGD$1.2m that it extends.

The loan will be secured against the plant and equipment which has been valued
at US$27m with a force[d] sale value of US$12m, although it is reasonable to
expect that an industrial buyer would pay more than that to take over the
plant and run it (original cost of the plant US$100m).

The directors and owners of NKI own large apartments in prime areas of
Singapore and the estimated equity is approximately SGD$6m. The family also
has other business interests where there is value.

Lend SGD$1.2m for 12 months (extendable) with interest servicing. Interest
rate to be determined during syndication.

…

23 The plaintiff’s initial AUM of S$6m was subsequently increased to S$8m. The
plaintiff thus agreed to extend a loan of $1.6m to NKI. On 11 April 2018, NKI
and the plaintiff signed a facility agreement for the Loan (the “Facility
Agreement”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

TYHB at para 30 and pp 41 to 47; AB at pp 310 to 316.

The Loan was then disbursed in two tranches. The first tranche of the Loan,
which amounted to S$1,169,312.69, was disbursed on 17 April 2018. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

TYHB at para 31.

After disbursing the first tranche of the Loan, the plaintiff and NKI executed
a deed of debenture dated 19 April 2018 for the plaintiff to have a floating
charge over, inter alia, NKI’s plant and machinery (the “Deed of Debenture”).
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

TYHB at para 32 and pp 50 to 97.

The second tranche of the Loan, which was the remainder of the Loan sum less
other agreed deductions, amounted to $263,549.74. This was disbursed on 25
April 2018. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

TYHB at para 33.

The 2nd Report

24 Notwithstanding the Loan, NKI’s financial troubles persisted. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DLTC at para 38.

On 16 January 2019, one of NKI’s creditors, LLS Capital Pte Ltd (“LLS
Capital”), applied to place NKI under judicial management in Originating
Summons No 72 of 2019. Mr Metzger left NKI’s employ on the same date. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DLTC at para 39.

NKI engaged BlackOak LLC (“BlackOak”) to defend against this judicial
management application, and BlackOak assisted NKI to engage KordaMentha
Restructuring (“KordaMentha”), which was a corporate restructuring specialist.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DLTC at paras 40 to 41.

25 As of 16 January 2019, a sum of S$1,620,940 was due and owing from NKI to
the plaintiff under the Facility Agreement. NKI had made eight instalment
payments of $20,800 as interest payments. However, due to the judicial
management proceedings, NKI was unable to make the ninth instalment payment
and further payments owed under the Facility Agreement. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

TYHB at paras 34 to 35.

26 On 21 February 2019, NKI made an application for a moratorium in
Originating Summons No 222 of 2019 pursuant to the now repealed s 211B of the
Companies Act (now s 64 of the IRDA) for the purpose of entering into a scheme
of arrangement with its creditors. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Ex Parte Originating Summons in HC/OS 222/2019; DLTC at para 42; TYHB at para
36.

This is distinct from the moratorium obtained in OS 1384 (see [19] above). In
the course of doing so, NKI sought the support of the plaintiff. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

TYHB at para 36.

According to the plaintiff, because it was of the opinion that the Loan was
secured, the plaintiff issued a letter of support dated 21 February 2019 to
support NKI’s moratorium application. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

TYHB at para 37 and pp 100 to 101.

27 NKI was granted the moratorium on 20 March 2019, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

HC/ORC 2069/2019.

which was subsequently extended to 22 July 2019. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

HC/ORC 3735/2019; TYHB at para 38.

However, it lapsed earlier on 1 July 2019 when NKI could not make payment of
the sums due to Soilbuild, which was one of the conditions for the moratorium
to subsist. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

TYHB at para 38 and pp 102 to 104.

Meanwhile, on 26 March 2019, LLS Capital’s judicial management application was
stayed until this moratorium lapsed. LLS Capital resumed pursuing this
application once that occurred.

28 Meanwhile, the plaintiff obtained an updated valuation report of NKI’s
Assets in June 2019, ie, the 2nd Report dated 17 May 2019. In this report, the
defendant valued NKI’s Assets as follows: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

TYHB at para 39.

(a) Replacement cost, new: US$84,605,000;

(b) Fair market value: US$27,747,000;

(c) Forced sale value: US$9,774,000; and

(d) Scrap value: US$4,003,000.

I reproduce the material portions of the 2nd Report below: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB at pp 55 to 226.

…

APPRAISAL OF FIXED ASSETS

…

It is our understanding that this appraisal report shall be utilized for
corporate management purpose.

The term ‘Replacement Cost, New’ as used herein, is defined as being the
amount, in terms of money pertaining to a new asset or assets of the same or
of equivalent utility, considering price levels as of a specified date.

The term ‘Fair Market Value In Continued Use’ as used herein, is defined as
being the amount, in terms of money, at which the assets would exchange in the
market, allowing a reasonable time to find a purchaser, as between a willing
buyer and a willing seller, both having reasonable knowledge of all relevant
facts, and with equity to both, and contemplating the retention of the assets
in their present existing use for the purpose they were designed and built as
part of an ongoing business, but without specific reference to earnings, and
is expressed as subject to adequate potential profitability of the
undertaking.

The term ‘Forced Sale Value[’] as used herein, is defined as the estimated
amount that might be realized from an assembled or piecemeal disposition of
the subject assets in the second hand market, assuming a short period of time
in which to complete the transaction. The value estimates consider that the
assets will be offered for sale in its present location and condition on an
‘as is, where is’ basis.

The term ‘Scrap Value’ as used herein, is an opinion of the amount, expressed
in terms of money that could be realised for the assets if they were sold for
their material content, not for productive use, as of a specified date.

…

APPRAISAL

Having due regard to all the above remarks, and as supported by the
accompanying summary and technical inventory, we are of the opinion that as at
2 May 2019, the total value of the assets appraised, located at [xxx], but
without specific relation to earnings, was in the order of:

REPLACEMENT COST, NEW

US$ 84,605,000-/-

(US DOLLAR: EIGHTY FOUR MILLION SIX HUNDRED AND FIVE THOUSAND ONLY)

FAIR MARKET VALUE, (IN CONTINUED USE)

US$ 27,747,000-/-

(US DOLLAR: TWENTY SEVEN MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND FORTY SEVEN THOUSAND ONLY)

FORCED SALE VALUE

US$ 9,774,000-/-

(US DOLLAR: NINE MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND SEVENTY FOUR THOUSAND ONLY)

SCRAP VALUE

US$ 4,003,000-/-

(US DOLLAR: FOUR MILLION AND THREE THOUSAND ONLY)

This report is issued subject to the accompanying limiting conditions.

…

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

29 Subsequently, on 20 August 2019, NKI was placed under judicial management.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

TYHB at para 43.

FTI Consulting was appointed as NKI’s judicial manager on the same date. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

SOC at para 25; TYHB at para 44.

30 FTI Consulting, as the judicial manager, commissioned Robert Khan
International Business Consultants to prepare another valuation report of the
Assets, viz, the RK Report dated 6 September 2019. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

SOC at para 26.

This report stated that the salvage value of the Assets was valued at only
between S$1m and S$1.5m. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

SOC at para 27; TYHB at para 47.

I reproduce the material portions of the RK Report below: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AB at pp 227 to 236.

…

In accordance with your instruction, on 2 September 2019, we have conducted a
valuation of the lanolins, lanolin derivatives and cholesterol manufacturing
plant & machinery, ancillary equipment and utilities, which we understand to
be the property of NK Ingredients Pte Ltd or held by them under finance
agreements.

Our instruction is to assess the Salvage Value of the plant and machinery
assets for possible liquidation sale as at current date.

…

Based on the information provided to us, we are of the opinion that the value
of the assets were as follows as at 2 September 2019.

| Estimated  
Salvage Value Range(S$)  
---|---  
Lanolin, lanolin derivatives and cholesterol manufacturing plant & machinery,
ancillary equipment and utilities(Production Cap. 10,000 tonnes of woolgrease
into lanolin, lanolin derivatives and cholesterol per annum)|  
  
1,000,000 to 1,500,000  
  
…

Kindly note the following points in connection with our valuation:

…

4\. Basis of Valuation

‘Salvage Value’, as defined by International Valuation Standards (IVS) in IVS
2 – Valuation Bases Other Than Market Value.

Para 6.8 – ‘Salvage Value’ is ordinarily used to express the current price
expected for property, other than land, that has reached the end of its useful
life expectancy in terms of its original purpose and function. At that point,
the asset is valued for disposal as salvage rather than for its originally
intended purpose. In this context, salvage value is also known in accountancy
terminology as the net realisable amount for an asset with no further use to
any entity.

Para 6.8.1 – Salvage Value does not imply that a property has no further
useful life or utility. Property sold for salvage could be rebuilt, converted
to a similar or different use, or may provide spare parts for other properties
that are still serviceable. At the other extreme, Salvage Value may represent
scrap value or the value for recycling.

…

[emphasis in original in italics and bold]

31 In late January 2020, FTI Consulting requested the plaintiff to remove
NKI’s Assets from NKI’s premises in a letter dated 20 January 2020. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

TYHB at para 49 and p 287.

The plaintiff then sourced for quotes for the sale of the Assets with
Soilbuild’s assistance. Ultimately, the Assets were sold to Sin Hock Huat
Construction Pte Ltd for the net sum of S$250,000, after deducting the costs
of decommissioning the plant which amounted to S$520,000. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

TYHB at para 52 and p 288; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Leow Lay Sing
(“LLS”) at paras 18 to 28.

32 NKI’s judicial management did not succeed and NKI was eventually ordered to
be wound up on 28 February 2020. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

TYHB at para 45.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

33 The plaintiff claims that the defendant was negligent in preparing the Two
Reports that the plaintiff relied upon when it made its decisions regarding
NKI.

34 As regards the 1st Report, the plaintiff claims that the defendant knew
that it would rely on this report to grant the Loan to NKI, which was secured
against the Assets. The 1st Report expressly stated that it was prepared for
“financing purpose”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

SOC at paras 9 to 11.

In the circumstances, the defendant owed the plaintiff a duty of care to
ensure that the contents of the 1st Report were correct and that it used
“reasonable skill and care … expected of an established and competent
valuation service provider”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

SOC at para 10.

The plaintiff alleges that the defendant had overstated the forced sale value
of the Assets in the 1st Report. Thus, the defendant is in breach of this duty
of care owed to the plaintiff. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

SOC at para 33.

If the defendant had prepared a true and fair report of the forced sale value
of NKI’s Assets in the 1st Report, the plaintiff would not have extended the
Loan to NKI. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

SOC at para 35.

Hence, the plaintiff has suffered loss and damage as a result of the
defendant’s actions. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

SOC at para 34.

35 As regards the 2nd Report, the plaintiff claims that the defendant knew or
ought to have known upon making reasonable enquiries that a judicial
management application had been filed against NKI and that creditors and
lenders would rely on the 2nd Report in assessing whether to support this
application. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

SOC at para 24.

The plaintiff relied on the 2nd Report in deciding not to appoint a receiver
and manager. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

SOC at para 25.

Had the defendant prepared a true and fair report of the forced sale value and
scrap value of the Assets in the 2nd Report, the plaintiff would have
appointed its own receiver and manager prior to FTI Consulting’s appointment
as the judicial manager on 20 August 2019. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

SOC at para 36.

In the premises, the plaintiff claims that its loss could have been “avoided
or at least minimised”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SOC at para 36.

36 The plaintiff seeks the following reliefs against the defendant: (a) the
outstanding Loan amount as at the date of the Writ of Summons, ie,
S$1,650,310; alternatively, (b) the sum of S$1,561,240 due from NKI to the
plaintiff as at the date of the winding up order, ie, 28 February 2020; or (c)
damages to be assessed by the court. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

SOC at p 9.

The defendant’s case

37 In respect of the Two Reports, the defendant contends that it does not owe
a duty of care to the plaintiff.

38 As regards the 1st Report, the defendant claims the following: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defence at para 6.

(a) At all material times prior to and after the defendant’s preparation of
the 1st Report, NKI did not inform the defendant that it was facing financial
difficulties, but merely that it wanted to conduct a valuation of its plant
and machinery for financing purposes.

(b) The defendant was not aware that NKI had approached the plaintiff nor that
NKI had provided the 1st Report to the plaintiff. The defendant only came to
know of the plaintiff when the latter contacted the defendant in or around
February 2020 to enquire about the total estimated tonnage of NKI’s plant and
machinery.

(c) Further and/or in the alterative, the 1st Report was prepared by the
defendant for NKI on a confidential basis, and circulation of the 1st Report
was expressly limited to NKI and/or the professional advisers assisting NKI on
the specified purpose. The defendant claims that the plaintiff is at all
material times a party whom the defendant contemplated would not have access
to or have sight of the 1st Report. The defendant also relies on the Limiting
Conditions expressly set out in the 1st Report.

(d) Further and/or in the alternative, the valuations in the 1st Report were
prepared approximately one year before the plaintiff and NKI negotiated the
loan. The defendant claims that it is not reasonable nor proper market
practice for the plaintiff to rely on such valuations.

39 As regards the 2nd Report, the defendant claims the following: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Defence at para 22.

(a) The defendant was not informed by NKI that a judicial management
application had been filed against NKI. When the defendant was approached by
NKI to provide an updated valuation, the defendant had informed NKI that it
would not be prepared to do so if the valuation would be used to obtain
financing as the defendant was not prepared to provide a valuation which would
be relied upon by third parties other than NKI. NKI informed the defendant
that it was undergoing some corporate restructuring exercise and the defendant
was given the impression that the 2nd Report would only be used by NKI’s board
to restructure its business. The defendant thus agreed to provide an updated
valuation in the form of the 2nd Report.

(b) The defendant did not owe a duty to make reasonable enquiries to ascertain
that a judicial management application was filed against NKI, and/or that it
should accordingly infer from the same that creditors and lenders would have
access to the 2nd Report.

(c) Further and/or in the alternative, it is expressly stated in the 2nd
Report that it is confidential to NKI for the specific purpose to which it
refers. The circulation of the 2nd Report was expressly limited to NKI and its
professional advisers. The defendant claims that the plaintiff is at all
material times a party whom the defendant contemplated would not have access
to or have sight of the 2nd Report. The defendant also relies on the full
force and effect of the Limiting Conditions expressly set out in the 2nd
Report.

40 The plaintiff contends in response that cll 3, 8 and 10 of the Limiting
Conditions seek to unreasonably exclude and/or limit the defendant’s liability
for negligence in contravention of s 2(2) of the UCTA. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Reply at paras 5(a) and 10(a).

These clauses are as follows: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

CHK at pp 348 and 557.

This appraisal report is subject to the following limiting conditions:-

…

3\. Information, estimates, and opinions furnished to the appraiser and
contained in this report were obtained from sources considered reliable to be
true and correct; however, no responsibility for the accuracy of such items
furnished to the appraiser can be accounted to him or her. No liability or
responsibility is expressed for results from actions taken by anyone as a
result of this report. Further, there is no accountability, obligation, or
liability to any third party.

…

8\. This report is confidential to the client for the specific purpose to
which it refers. It may be disclosed to other professional advisers assisting
the client in respect of the purpose, but the client shall not disclose the
report to any other person. The valuer’s responsibility in connection with
this report is limited only to the client to whom the report is addressed.

…

10\. In the event that Asian Appraisal Company Pte Ltd is subject to any
liability in connection with this engagement, regardless of legal theory
advanced, such liability against the company including directors, officers,
employees, subcontractors, affiliates or agents shall be limited to the amount
of fees we received for this engagement.

…

41 The defendant also argues that the plaintiff’s decision not to appoint a
receiver and manager was a commercial decision made based on the prevailing
and relevant circumstances. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defence at para 23.

42 The defendant further contends that: (a) even if it had owed a duty of care
to the plaintiff, it had exercised reasonable skill and care required of a
reasonably competent valuation service provider in the circumstances; (b) even
if it had breached its duty of care, it did not cause the plaintiff’s alleged
loss; (c) even if the plaintiff had suffered loss as a result of such a
breach, the defendant claims that the plaintiff failed to adequately mitigate
its loss and/or was contributorily negligent. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Defence at paras 27 and 29.

43 As regards contributory negligence on the plaintiff’s part, the defendant
claims that the plaintiff: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defence at para 30.

(a) knowingly, wilfully and/or negligently relied on the contents of the 1st
Report and/or the 2nd Report notwithstanding the Limiting Conditions expressly
stated in the said reports;

(b) failed to conduct any adequate due diligence on the state of NKI’s
financial position, business prospects and/or ability to service the loan when
agreeing to provide the Loan to NKI;

(c) knowingly, wilfully and/or negligently relied on the valuation in the 1st
Report notwithstanding that the valuation was conducted approximately one year
prior to the plaintiff’s Loan to NKI;

(d) failed to exercise any reasonable care when it relied on the contents of
the 1st Report and/or properly understand the basis on which the valuation
stated in the 1st Report was made before relying on the same;

(e) failed to conduct any or any adequate due diligence on the state of NKI’s
financial position, and/or the prospects of the company when determining
whether to appoint a receiver to protect its interests; and

(f) failed to exercise reasonable care when it relied on the contents of the
2nd Report and/or properly understand the basis on which the valuations stated
in the 2nd Report were made before relying on the same.

Issues to be determined

44 The following issues arise for my determination in respect of the Two
Reports:

(a) Did the defendant owe the plaintiff a duty to take reasonable care in the
preparation of the Two Reports for NKI?

(i) Could the defendant invoke the Limiting Conditions in the Two Reports to
vitiate its duty of care to the plaintiff?

(A) If so, would s 2(2) of the UCTA apply to invalidate cll 3, 8 and 10 of the
Limiting Conditions?

(ii) What is the scope of the defendant’s duty of care?

(b) Did the defendant breach its duty of care owed to the plaintiff?

(c) Did the defendant’s breach of duty cause the plaintiff’s loss?

(d) Did the plaintiff adequately mitigate its loss?

My decision

The law on the tort of negligence

45 As stated in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”) at [21], the plaintiff has
to prove the following elements in order to succeed under the tort of
negligence:

(a) the defendant owes the plaintiff a duty of care;

(b) the defendant has breached that duty of care by acting (or omitting to
act) below the standard of care required of it;

(c) the defendant’s breach has caused the plaintiff damage;

(d) the plaintiff’s losses arising from the defendant’s breach are not too
remote; and

(e) such losses can be adequately proved and quantified.

The 1st Report

46 The plaintiff claims that as a result of the defendant’s negligence, the
defendant had overstated the forced sale value of the Assets in the 1st
Report. The plaintiff, relying on the 1st Report, granted the Loan to NKI and
suffered losses arising from NKI’s subsequent default. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

SOC at paras 33 and 35.

Duty of care

(1) The applicable law

47 In Singapore, it is settled law that the test in the landmark decision of
Spandeck applies to determine the existence of a duty of care in the tort of
negligence, irrespective of the type of damages claimed: Spandeck at
[71]–[72].

48 The court in Ramesh s/o Krishnan v AXA Life Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd
[2015] 4 SLR 1 has provided the following succinct summary of the Spandeck
test (at [231]–[234]):

231 … regardless of the nature of damage caused (be it physical, pure economic
loss etc), the test laid down in the landmark decision of Spandeck sets out
the applicable framework for determining if a duty of care in the tort of
negligence arises (see Ngiam Kong Seng v Lim Chiew Hock [2008] 3 SLR(R) 674;
Animal Concerns Research & Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee [2011] 2 SLR 146
(‘Animal Concerns’); AEL v Cheo Yeoh & Associates LLC [2014] 3 SLR 1231).

232 The Spandeck test consists of two stages, namely, proximity and policy
considerations. The two-stage test is preceded by the threshold question of
factual foreseeability, which is not strictly considered as being part of the
Spandeck test due to the likelihood of it being fulfilled in most cases.
Whether or not it is better regarded as a three-stage or two-stage test is, in
my view, largely a matter of semantics. What is clear is that in the vast
majority of cases, plaintiffs are unlikely to face difficulty in meeting the
threshold test of factual foreseeability. That said, factual foreseeability is
not a mere formality and plaintiffs must still satisfy the court that the
threshold requirement is met (see The Law of Torts in Singapore ([196] supra)
at para 03.046, citing Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh v Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 735 as an example where the
Plaintiff failed to meet the threshold test).

233 The Court of Appeal in Spandeck (at [73]) has also given helpful guidance
on the relevance of judicial precedents:

… We would add that this test is to be applied incrementally, in the sense
that when applying the test in each stage, it would be desirable to refer to
decided cases in analogous situations to see how the courts have reached their
conclusions in terms of proximity and/or policy. As is obvious, the existence
of analogous precedents, which determines the current limits of liability,
would make it easier for the later court to determine whether or not to extend
its limits. However, the absence of a factual precedent, which implies the
presence of a novel situation, should not preclude the court from extending
liability where it is just and fair to do so, taking into account the relevant
policy consideration against indeterminate liability against a tortfeasor. We
would admit at this juncture that this is basically a restatement of the two-
stage test in Anns, tempered by the preliminary requirement of factual
foreseeability. Indeed, we should point out that this is the test applied in
substance by many jurisdictions in the Commonwealth: see, for example, the
Canadian case of Cooper v Hobart (2001) 206 DLR (4th) 193; the New Zealand
case of Rolls-Royce New Zealand Ltd v Carter Holt Harvey Ltd [2005] 1 NZLR 324
… [emphasis added]

234 Since Spandeck ([229] supra) was decided, local courts have consistently
applied the test therein to determine whether a duty of care exists in claims
of negligence. To this end, as observed by the Court of Appeal in Go Dante Yap
v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG [2011] 4 SLR 559 (‘Go Dante Yap’) at [28], the
English approach of a general exclusionary rule against recovery of pure
economic loss has been rejected in Singapore. Rather than taking established
principles and rules from foreign jurisdictions, therefore, what Spandeck
requires is an incremental application of the test that was formulated therein
in the local context.

[emphasis in original]

(2) Did the defendant owe the plaintiff a duty of care?

(A) Factual foreseeability

49 I shall now deal with the issue of factual foreseeability.

50 In Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Meng Eric (practising under
the name and style of W P Architects) [2007] 1 SLR(R) 853 (cited with approval
in Spandeck at [75]), Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he then was) described the
threshold inquiry of factual foreseeability as one that “will almost always be
satisfied, simply because of its very nature and the very wide nature of the
‘net’ it necessarily casts” [emphasis in original]: at [55].

51 In the present case, it is readily apparent that a failure on the
defendant’s part to prepare a true and fair report of the forced sale value of
NKI’s Assets in the 1st Report could result in the plaintiff’s loss. The CEO
of NKI, Mr Metzger, had informed Mr Mendoza of the defendant that the 1st
Report “will be used for financing purposes, the lenders/investors will be
focusing on the ‘forced sale’ scenario so [this valuation] will need to be
included in the report.” 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AB at p 1466, email dated 26 September 2017 from Mr Metzger to Mr Mendoza.

Hence, the defendant ought to have foreseen that the plaintiff would suffer
damage if the defendant had been careless in its preparation of the forced
sale value in the 1st Report or if it had failed to correctly ascertain the
appropriate values for NKI’s Assets.

(B) Proximity

52 I shall now deal with the more contentious issue of whether legal proximity
has been proven in this case.

(I) The applicable law

53 As regards legal proximity under the first stage of the Spandeck test,
“[t]he focus here is necessarily on the closeness of the relationship between
the parties themselves”: Spandeck at [77]. The court elaborated that legal
proximity can be proven by the concepts of “physical, circumstantial as well
as causal proximity” and “the twin criteria of voluntary assumption of
responsibility and reliance”: Spandeck at [81]. The court also added that in
determining proximity using these factors, “the court should apply these
concepts first by analogising the facts of the case for decision with those of
decided cases, if such exist, but should not be constrained from limiting
liability in a deserving case only because it involves a novel fact
situation”: Spandeck at [82].

54 The present case involves the plaintiff’s claim for its loss resulting from
the outstanding unpaid moneys due under the Loan. I note that case law has
shown that for disputes concerning pure economic loss, the courts have placed
emphasis on the twin criteria of voluntary assumption of responsibility and
reliance in determining the existence of legal proximity. This trend has been
noted by the court in Straits Advisors Pte Ltd v Michael Deeb (alias Magdi
Salah El-Deeb) and others [2014] SGHC 94 (at [89]–[91]):

89 At this juncture, I pause to make a brief observation regarding the
application of these indicia, which is that there is certainly no strict
requirement that a claimant has to canvass and prove all of these indicia to
establish proximity and, depending on the precise factual matrix at hand, some
of these indicia may assume greater prominence. As Deane J remarked in
Sutherland (at 499), ‘Both the identity and the relative importance of the
factors which are determinative of an issue of proximity are likely to vary in
different categories of cases.’

90 For the particular purposes of this claim, I note that our courts seem to
take the view that, where pure economic loss is concerned, it may be more
practicable to adjudge whether the requisite proximity existed based on the
twin criteria of voluntary assumption of responsibility and reliance. The
following observation of Quentin Loh J in Resource Piling Pte Ltd v Geospecs
Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 485 (‘Geospecs’) is apposite (at [26]):

I note that although the Court of Appeal in Spandeck set out a single test for
a duty of care and enunciated a number of broad proximity considerations … the
factors to be considered in ascertaining whether the requisite proximity
exists depends on the precise factual circumstances, including the type of
harm: see for example, Spandeck, which emphasised the traditional test of
assumption of responsibility and reliance in Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller &
Partners Ltd [1964] AC 465 … in the context of economic loss; cf Ngiam Kong
Seng, which applied the three factors in McLoughlin v O'Brian [1983] 1 AC 410
within the context of the first proximity stage in the Spandeck Test for a
claim involving a duty of care not to cause psychiatric harm. The case before
me is one involving economic loss, and I analyse the factual circumstances
primarily through the prism of the twin criteria of assumption of
responsibility and reasonable reliance, but with reference to other
considerations where relevant. [emphasis added]

91 In a similar vein, it has also been commented in Gary Chan Kok Yew & Lee
Pey Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2011) at para
03.059 that:

[T]he twin concepts of assumption of responsibility and reliance are useful
for particular types of cases involving negligent advice or the provision of
professional services, but less important in other scenarios such as negligent
acts by defendants causing personal injury or psychiatric harm to plaintiffs
who were strangers at the relevant time … In the context of psychiatric harm,
for instance, it is often difficult to find, as in Ngiam Kong Seng, that the
defendant had voluntarily assumed responsibility for the psychiatric harm
suffered by the plaintiff. [emphasis added and footnotes omitted]

55 In this regard, the Court of Appeal in Go Dante Yap v Bank Austria
Creditanstalt AG [2011] 4 SLR 559 has explained the relationship between the
concept of “assumption of responsibility” under legal proximity and the UCTA
(at [38]):

… It was clear from the actual decision in Hedley Byrne ([32] supra) itself
that an express disclaimer of responsibility could prevent a tortious duty of
care from arising, by negating the proximity sought to be established by the
concept of an “assumption of responsibility”. Where such a disclaimer takes
the form of a contractual exclusion clause, such a term would now be subject
to the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (‘UCTA’) (see the
House of Lords decision of Smith v Eric S Bush [1990] 1 AC 831), but the
general principle is still the same. In Goldman Sachs ([15] supra), Springwell
and Titan Steel ([15] supra), the material terms of the contracts governing
the banking relationship were highly detailed and, as was accepted by the
respective judges deciding those cases, the relevant terms made it abundantly
clear that the banks were not accepting or assuming any responsibility to take
care, and/or that the client was not relying on such care being taken. In such
circumstances, it was inevitable that no duty of care in tort was found to be
owed by the banks in those cases. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

56 The Court of Appeal reiterated this relationship in Deutsche Bank AG v
Chang Tse Wen and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 886 (at [67]–[68]):

67 … Phillips and Smith therefore stand for the proposition that any attempt
to exclude or restrict an obligation or duty by reference to a contractual
term or non-contractual notice will not be effective, unless the term or
notice satisfies the requirement of reasonableness under the UCTA.

68 This seems to us at present to be correct because the mere fact that a
clause is labelled a basis clause should not be determinative as to its true
effect. The term ‘basis clause’ appears to have developed in contradistinction
to the term ‘exclusion clause’ and to this extent it might be an unfortunate
misnomer. The UCTA does not in fact contain any reference to “exclusion
clauses”. Rather, the UCTA simply addresses itself to clauses which “exclude
or restrict” a liability, obligation or duty. The legislative eye is firmly
set on the substantive effect of a term or notice, rather than on its form or
identification. Seen in this light, the only question which arises for a court
is whether a term or notice has the effect of excluding or restricting the
imposition of a duty of care in law. If so, it will have to satisfy the
requirement of reasonableness. It has not been necessary for us to address
either of these questions in this case because, on the view that we have
formed from all the other surrounding circumstances, there was no duty to
begin with.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics;]

57 The above relationship stems from the applicability of ss 2(2) and
11(3)–11(5) of the UCTA. Section 2(2) of the UCTA provides as follows:

Negligence liability

2.— …

…

(2) In the case of other loss or damage, a person cannot so exclude or
restrict his liability for negligence except in so far as the term or notice
satisfies the requirement of reasonableness.

Sections 11(3) to 11(5) provide as follows:

The ‘reasonableness’ test

11.—…

(3) In relation to a notice (not being a notice having contractual effect),
the requirement of reasonableness under this Act is that it should be fair and
reasonable to allow reliance on it, having regard to all the circumstances
obtaining when the liability arose or (but for the notice) would have arisen.

(4) Where by reference to a contract term or notice a person seeks to restrict
liability to a specified sum of money, and the question arises (under this or
any other Act) whether the term or notice satisfies the requirement of
reasonableness, regard shall be had in particular (but without prejudice to
subsection (2) in the case of contract terms) to —

(a) the resources which he could expect to be available to him for the purpose
of meeting the liability should it arise; and

(b) how far it was open to him to cover himself by insurance.

(5) It is for those claiming that a contract term or notice satisfies the
requirement of reasonableness to show that it does.

In this regard, I note that pursuant to s 14 of the UCTA, “notice” includes
“an announcement, whether or not in writing, and any other communication or
pretended communication”.

(II) My findings

58 I shall now examine whether the plaintiff and the defendant were legally
proximate such that the defendant owed the plaintiff a duty of care.

59 I first consider whether the defendant’s Limiting Conditions in the Two
Reports exonerate the defendant from its duty of care to the plaintiff. It is
apposite to examine this issue at the outset as I have alluded to above (at
[55]), an express disclaimer of responsibility could negate a finding of an
assumption of responsibility by the defendant, thereby abrogating a finding
that there was proximity on the facts.

(a) Do the Limiting Conditions relieve the defendant from any responsibility
to the plaintiff?

60 As a preliminary issue, the plaintiff submits that cl 10 does not apply to
it because the plaintiff did not contract with the defendant. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 185.

From the perspective of contract law, the plaintiff is right as there is
privity of contract. However, cll 3, 8 and 10 are found in the Two Reports,
which are valuation reports prepared on the instructions of NKI for use by
lenders like the plaintiff, who are third parties. Thus, while these clauses
would not apply as “term[s]” under s 2(2) of the UCTA, they may apply as non-
contractual “notice[s]” in that provision, subject to whether such notices
satisfy the requirement of reasonableness.

61 I turn next to the issue of reasonableness.

62 The plaintiff submits that it is not fair and reasonable to allow the
defendant to rely on the Limiting Conditions, especially cll 3, 8 and 10, in
the light of the circumstances of the present case. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Reply at para 5(b).

The plaintiff refers primarily to the e-mail correspondence between Mr Metzger
and Mr Mendoza on 25 September 2017 and 2 October 2017 (see [17] above). These
e-mails show that NKI had informed the defendant that NKI was in discussions
with the lenders to pledge NKI’s Assets for financing and required the 1st
Report to be prepared for the purpose of the lenders’ use. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Reply at para 5(b)(ii).

Moreover, the defendant’s 1st Report itself had stated that it was to be
utilised for “financing purpose” (see [18] above). 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Reply at para 5(b)(iii).

The plaintiff, therefore, submits that the defendant was fully aware that the
1st Report was to be relied upon by the lenders for the purposes of financing
NKI. Accordingly, it is highly unreasonable for the defendant to rely on the
Limiting Conditions to exclude and/or limit its liability for negligence. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Reply at para 5(c).

63 Pursuant to s 11(5) of the UCTA, the burden of proof falls on the defendant
to show that the Limiting Conditions satisfy the requirement of reasonableness
under s 11(3) of the UCTA (see [57] above). The defendant submits that the
Limiting Conditions are common contractual terms adopted by the valuation
profession in Singapore. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Supplementary AEIC of Chan Hiap Kong (“CHK2”) at para 8.

Indeed, similar conditions can be found in the RK Report. The defendant claims
that para 11 of the RK Report is similar to cll 3 and 8 while para 16 of the
RK Report is similar to cl 10. I reproduce the material provisions in the
Table below:

Limiting Conditions| RK Report 121

##### Foot Note 121

× AB at pp 231 and 232.  
---|---  
Clause 3Information, estimates, and opinions furnished to the appraiser and
contained in this report were obtained from sources considered reliable to be
true and correct; however, no responsibility for the accuracy of such items
furnished to the appraiser can be accounted to him or her. No liability or
responsibility is expressed for results from actions taken by anyone as a
result of this report. Further, there is no accountability, obligation, or
liability to any third party.Clause 8This report is confidential to the client
for the specific purpose to which it refers. It may be disclosed to other
professional advisers assisting the client in respect of the purpose, but the
client shall not disclose the report to any other person. The valuer’s
responsibility in connection with this report is limited only to the client to
whom the report is addressed.| Paragraph 11In accordance with our usual
practice, this Report is for the use only of the party to whom it is addressed
and no responsibility is accepted to any third party for the whole or part of
its contents.  
Clause 10In the event that Asian Appraisal Company Pte Ltd is subject to any
liability in connection with this engagement, regardless of legal theory
advanced, such liability against the company including directors, officers,
employers, subcontractors, affiliates or agents shall be limited to the amount
of fees we received for this engagement.| Paragraph 16Our maximum liability to
the client relating to our services rendered (regardless of action whether in
contract, negligence or otherwise) shall be limited to the fees paid for
engaging our services. Under no circumstances will we be liable for
consequential, incidental, punitive or special losses, damage or expenses
(including opportunity costs and loss of profits) despite being advised of
their possible existence.  
  
64 In my view, the Limiting Conditions do not satisfy the requirement of
reasonableness on the facts of the present case. The defendant was clearly
informed that a specific class of persons, ie, lenders and investors of NKI,
which includes the plaintiff, would rely on the 1st Report (see [60] above).
It is immaterial as to whether the Limiting Conditions are common terms used
by professional valuers.

65 Moreover, pursuant to s 11(4)(b) of the UCTA, the defendant admitted that
its professional conduct was covered by public liability insurance. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCS at para 192; Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 128;
Transcript (6 October 2021) at p 22 line 23 to p 24 line 19; Exhibit P4.

Its loss arising from negligent acts to third parties, if any, would therefore
be insured. While the defendant submits that its insurance policy is subject
to a limit, it did not claim that the plaintiff’s present loss, if proven,
would not be adequately covered. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at para 128.

66 Hence, the defendant cannot rely on the Limiting Conditions to exclude or
limit its liability from negligence, if successfully proven.

(b) Has the plaintiff proven legal proximity?

67 To recapitulate, NKI had instructed the defendant to provide the fair
market value of the Assets as well as the forced sale value in the 1st Report
(see [17] above). Pursuant to these instructions, the defendant provided the
fair market value and the forced sale scenario of the Assets in the 1st
Report.

68 The plaintiff’s argument in support of its case proceeds broadly as
follows. The defendant knew of the existence of the class of people, ie, the
lenders and investors of NKI, who would use the 1st Report besides NKI, the
defendant also had an obligation to ensure that the 1st Report was prepared
according to the needs of the lenders. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

POS at para 31.

Such lenders included the plaintiff. Hence, the defendant had voluntarily
assumed responsibility to produce a true and fair forced sale value of the
Assets in the 1st Report that would be relied on by the plaintiff.

69 In support of this main argument, the plaintiff submits that NKI informed
the defendant that the lenders, including the plaintiff, really wanted to know
the value of the Assets in a worst-case scenario in the 1st Report. Hence,
although NKI had requested the defendant to prepare a valuation for a “forced
sale” scenario (see [17] above), NKI was using the term “forced sale”
colloquially and not as a term of art. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

POS at paras 33 to 35.

The plaintiff therefore submits that: (a) the defendant owed a duty to the
plaintiff to clarify with NKI as to what basis of valuation was required in
the 1st Report; 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at para 78.

and (b) the defendant owed a duty to the plaintiff to prepare the 1st Report
in accordance with its requirements, which was to value the Assets in a worst-
case scenario. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS at paras 124 to 126.

With regard to (b), since the scrap value of the Assets would represent the
value of the same in a worst-case scenario, this basis of valuation should
have been used in the 1st Report. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 129.

70 I shall first address the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant owed a
duty to clarify with NKI as to what basis of valuation was required in the 1st
Report.

71 In the plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, it relies on the four emails
between Mr Metzger and Mr Mendoza stated above (at [17]), in which NKI,
through Mr Metzger, instructed the defendant, through Mr Mendoza, to prepare a
valuation report for the Assets in a “forced sale” scenario for use with
“financial institutions” and/or “lenders/investors”. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PCS at para 41.

The plaintiff submits that the defendant failed to clarify with NKI as to what
these instructions entailed, especially with regard to what was the requisite
basis of valuation to be used for the 1st Report. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at paras 78, 87 and 88.

72 The plaintiff’s submission is strange: why would the defendant be obligated
to clarify its client’s instructions if it did not see the need to? The
defendant had been previously instructed by NKI to value the Assets on a scrap
value basis in or around 16 May 2017 (see [16] above). NKI communicated this
request by phrasing its request as one that was for the “residual value” of
its Assets at the “end of useful life”. In the subsequent four emails in late
September 2017 and early October 2017 (at [17]), the defendant received a
different set of instructions from NKI, which was to value the Assets in a
“forced sale” scenario. This difference is as clear as day, and I see no need
for the defendant to clarify with NKI as to whether NKI could have been
requesting for the scrap value of the Assets in its instructions for the 1st
Report.

73 Conversely, the evidence indicates instead that the plaintiff ought to have
conducted its own due diligence prior to granting the Loan to NKI. In the
Facility Agreement, the plaintiff charged NKI a fee amounting to 2% of the
Loan (ie, S$32,000) so that it could conduct such due diligence. I reproduce
the material clause below: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AB at p 311.

7\. Facility Fee

A fee representing 2.0% of the Loan Amount which shall be deducted from the
Loan to be disbursed upon satisfactory completion of all administrative and
legal documentation and/or other requirements as stipulated. This fee covers
all administrative and due diligence works and other checks which are required
to be conducted including all Lender’s costs in assessing and processing the
Facility.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

Yet, the plaintiff did not conduct its own valuation of the Assets despite
having received the above sum from NKI.

74 Next, I shall turn to the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant ought
to have used a valuation basis that would represent the value of the Assets in
the worst-case scenario. In this regard, it is not immediately clear what the
plaintiff’s position is.

75 I begin with the plaintiff’s pleadings. The plaintiff states as follows in
its Statement of Claim:

33\. The [plaintiff] aver[s] that the [defendant] had negligently over-stated
the value of [NKI]’s plant and machinery both on a forced sale value and scrap
value in its 1st Report and 2nd Report and the [defendant is] in breach of
[its] duty of care owed to the [plaintiff].

…

35\. The [plaintiff] aver[s] that had the [defendant] prepared a true and fair
report of the forced sale value of [NKI]’s plant and machinery in its 1st
Report, the [plaintiff] would not have extended the Loan Amount to [NKI].

[emphasis added]

Evidently, the plaintiff’s pleaded case is that the defendant had overstated
the forced sale value of the Assets in the 1st Report.

76 In its Opening Statement (at [43]), the plaintiff claims that the defendant
had carelessly omitted to include the scrap value in the 1st Report where it
should have: 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

POS at para 43.

If the Scrap Value of the Assets represented the value of the Assets in a
worst-case scenario, then that is what the [defendant] ought to have included
in the 1st Report.

The plaintiff also questions the use of a forced sale value in the 1st Report,
and makes the following points: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

POS at para 42.

On the issue of the [forced sale value], the [plaintiff’s] position is three-
fold: -

a. Firstly, as highlighted above, the [plaintiff] question[s] whether this
terminology was accurate given that the sources relied on by the [defendant]
state that [forced sale value] is not a basis of valuation;

b. Secondly, in any event, what the [defendant] did in the [Two Reports] was
to simply apply a discount on their assessment of the Fair Market Value to
arrive at the [forced sale value]. However, what was conspicuously absent in
their Reports is an explanation as to whether this methodology was sound,
given that none of the reference materials cited by the [defendant] support
this method in arriving at the [forced sale value]; and

c. Thirdly, this [forced sale value] – assuming it is an acceptable value,
does not represent the worst-case scenario valuation of the Assets as would be
required by the lenders.

Here, the plaintiff argues that the forced sale value: (a) was not a basis of
valuation; (b) used an unsound methodology; and (c) did not represent the
worst-case scenario valuation of the Assets.

77 Then, at the trial, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Vijai Dharamdas Parwani
(“Mr Parwani”), said that the plaintiff’s case was that the defendant’s forced
sale valuation in the 1st Report was actually a scrap valuation. I reproduce
Mr Parwani’s lengthy explanation of the plaintiff’s case here: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript (6 October 2021) at p 72 line 16 to p 82 line 2.

Court: Mr Parwani, I am trying to understand what is the plaintiff’s case.
Now, you are basically saying that you are relying -- that Pilgrim rely on the
first report that was prepared by the defendant and granted the loan to NKI.

Mr Parwani: That’s right, your Honour.

Court: And you are saying that the defendant’s first report is not accurate.

Mr Parwani: That’s right, specifically the valuation of the forced sale value.

Court: So what is the plaintiff’s case? In other words, what is the reliance,
on which part of the report that you are saying that you are -- that it had
caused losses to the plaintiff?

Mr Parwani: The forced [sic] value, your Honour.

Court: The forced sale value? The first report has got two values there: fair
market value and forced sale value.

Mr Parwani: That’s right.

Court: The forced sale value, if I remember correctly, is US$12 million.

Mr Parwani: That’s right.

Court: So you are saying -- the plaintiff is saying that they rely on the
forced sale value of 12 million, and that was the reason why they granted a
loan to NKI for 1.6 million.

Mr Parwani: That’s right.

Court: What is then the correct forced sale value?

Mr Parwani: Our clients’ position is that the forced sale value, or whatever
term you use, forced sale or liquidation, basically represents a worst-case
scenario. In this case, it would be scrap value.

Court: But the report didn’t mention anything about the scrap value.

Mr Parwani: So we are saying the forced sale value is basically the scrap
value.

Court: So what you are saying now is that forced sale value equals scrap
value?

Mr Parwani: Yes.

…

Court: … my point here is what is your basis for saying that forced sale value
equals scrap value?

Mr Parwani: We are saying that the forced sale scenario, that was what Kurt
wanted, would be the worst-case scenario, and the worst-case scenario would be
the scrap value.

…

Court: The point here is that your loan is 1.6 [million].

Mr Parwani: That’s right.

Court: So if you say that the value they came up with was less than 1.6
[million], then I can understand the plaintiff’s case. But presently, that’s
why I’m asking you, where is the evidence to show that the valuation in the
first report was not what it represents?

Mr Parwani: Your Honour, if the valuation was less than 1.6, my client would
not have granted the loan. Or if they had granted the loan, then there is
clearly -- there is no case for my client to proceed because they know what it
was. Our case is that their reflection of 12.7 million as the forced sale
value was wrong. It was overly stated. It should have been close to 1 to 1.5
million at best.

Court: That’s because you equate forced sale value to scrap value.

Mr Parwani: That’s right, your Honour.

[emphasis added]

Mr Parwani’s explanation above was unclear as to how the forced sale value was
to be equated with the scrap value. Was the plaintiff claiming that the
defendant: (a) should have provided the scrap value of the Assets through the
forced sale value; or (b) did in fact provide the scrap value of the Assets
through the forced sale value, albeit calculated carelessly?

78 In the plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, the plaintiff sought to clarify the
above confusion. The plaintiff submits that the defendant should have provided
a scrap value in the 1st Report because the “forced sale” scenario referred to
the worst-case scenario for the value of the Assets. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PCS at paras 124 to 126 and 129.

However, the defendant had carelessly provided a forced sale value that did
not reflect the value of the Assets in the worst-case scenario, ie, the forced
sale value was not calculated on scrap value basis. Hence, the forced sale
value of the Assets in the 1st Report should have referred to the scrap value
of the same. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PCS at para 138.

In other words, the plaintiff is not claiming that the defendant should have
included the scrap value of the Assets on top of the forced sale value of the
same, but that the calculation of the forced sale value should have been on a
scrap value basis. The plaintiff is also not claiming that the defendant had
intended for the forced sale value of the Assets to be, in reality, the scrap
value of the Assets.

79 From the above, the plaintiff has taken the following positions at
different points in time as regards the 1st Report:

(a) First, in its pleadings, the plaintiff claims that the quantum of the
forced sale value of the Assets was inaccurately overstated.

(b) Second, in its Opening Statement, the plaintiff claims that the defendant
should have provided the scrap value of the Assets but failed to do so. In
addition, the plaintiff claims that the forced sale value: (a) was not a basis
of valuation; (b) used an unsound methodology; and (c) did not represent the
worst-case scenario valuation of the Assets.

(c) Third, at the trial and in its Closing Submissions, the plaintiff sought
to equate the forced sale value of the Assets with the scrap value of the
same. In its view, the forced sale value of the Assets ought to have been
calculated using its scrap value. However, the defendant did not do so.

80 The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s later position, ie, that the
defendant should have provided a valuation which reflects the Assets’ value in
the worst-case scenario is inconsistent with the plaintiff’s earlier position
in its pleaded case, ie, that the defendant had inaccurately overstated the
forced sale value of the Assets. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DCS at para 55.

The former concerns the appropriate choice of valuation basis while the latter
concerns the quantum of the forced sale valuation. The unsatisfactory state of
the plaintiff’s pleadings has caused difficulty to the defendant in meeting
the plaintiff’s case.

81 I shall address the merits of the plaintiff’s submissions in support of its
ultimate position that the defendant ought to have provided the scrap value of
the Assets through the forced sale value of the same.

82 The plaintiff submits that a forced sale valuation is not a recognised
basis of valuation. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PCS at paras 89 to 107.

Indeed, according to para 170.1 of the International Valuation Standards 2017
(“IVS”), “forced sale” refers to a situation and not a basis of valuation.
Paragraph 170.1 of the IVS states as follows: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AB at p 1329.

170\. Premise of Value – Forced Sale

170.1 The term ‘forced sale’ is often used in circumstances where a seller is
under compulsion to sell and that, as a consequence, a proper marketing period
is not possible and buyers may not be able to undertake adequate due
diligence. The price that could be obtained in these circumstances will depend
upon the nature of the pressure on the seller and the reasons why proper
marketing cannot be undertaken. It may also reflect the consequences for the
seller of failing to sell within the period available. Unless the nature of,
and the reason for, the constraints on the seller are known, the price
obtainable in a forced sale cannot be realistically estimated. The price that
a seller will accept in a forced sale will reflect its particular
circumstances, rather than those of the hypothetical willing seller in the
Market Value definition. A ‘forced sale’ is a description of the situation
under which the exchange takes place, not a distinct basis of value.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

The plaintiff also submits that it was incumbent on the defendant to inform
NKI that a forced sale value was not an accepted basis of valuation, as the
defendant was purportedly an expert on valuing plant and machinery. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

POS at para 37.

83 More substantively, the plaintiff contends that the forced sale value was
not suitable to lenders like the plaintiff who were interested in the sum they
could recover from NKI in the worst-case scenario. Since the scrap value would
indicate the base sum in the worst-case scenario, the defendant should have
indicated the scrap value in the 1st Report.

84 In my view, the above submissions by the plaintiff are unsupported by the
evidence. I begin with the issue of compliance with the IVS.

85 As can be seen from the e-mail correspondence between Mr Mendoza and Mr
Metzger (see [17] above), NKI had specifically requested for a valuation of
the Assets in a forced sale scenario. Clearly, the defendant’s foremost duty
is to act in the interests of its client, viz, NKI, and thus to prepare the
valuation in accordance with NKI’s instructions. In this regard, I note that
the IVS states the following at para 20.2: 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AB at p 1322.

Valuers must choose the relevant basis (or bases) of value according to the
terms and purpose of the valuation assignment. The valuer’s choice of a basis
(or bases) of value should consider instructions and input received from the
client and/or its representatives. However, regardless of instructions and
input provided to the valuer, the valuer should not use a basis (or bases) of
value that is inappropriate for the intended purpose of the valuation (for
example, if instructed to use an IVS-defined basis of value for financial
reporting purposes under IFRS, compliance with IVS may require the valuer to
use a basis of value that is not defined or mentioned in the IVS).

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

The IVS thus permits the defendant to use bases of value that are not defined
or mentioned in the IVS in appropriate circumstances. Here, NKI specifically
told the defendant that “the lenders/investors will be focusing on the ‘forced
sale’ scenario” (see [17] above), not that these lenders were interested to
know how much they could recover from the Assets in a worst-case scenario. In
providing the forced sale value as instructed by NKI, the defendant is
therefore in compliance with both NKI’s instructions and the IVS. As to
whether the scrap value of the Assets is needed for a valuation of the Assets
in a worst-case scenario, I note that although NKI did request the defendant
to provide a scrap value in May 2017 and the defendant provided a scrap
valuation of US$4,882,000 on 28 July 2017, it did not instruct the defendant
to include the scrap value in the 1st Report.

86 The defendant’s expert, Mr Chay Yiowmin (“Mr Chay”) and Mr Mendoza agreed
that a forced sale value is similar to a forced liquidation value, which is a
defined basis of valuation under para 80.1(b) of the IVS. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript (11 October 2021) at p 126 line 23 to p 131 line 8.

As stated above, the definition of “forced sale value” in the 1st Report is as
follows (see [18] above):

The term ‘Forced Sale Value[’] as used herein, is defined as the estimated
amount that might be realized from an assembled or piecemeal disposition of
the subject assets in the second hand market, assuming a short period of time
in which to complete the transaction. The value estimates consider that the
assets will be offered for sale in its present location and condition on an
‘as is, where is’ basis.

[emphasis added]

Paragraph 80.1(b) of the IVS states as follows: 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

AB at p 1326.

Liquidation Value is the amount that would be realised when an asset or group
of assets are sold on a piecemeal basis. Liquidation Value should take into
account the costs of getting the assets into saleable condition as well as
those of the disposal activity. Liquidation Value can be determined under two
different premises of value:

…

(b) a forced transaction with a shortened marketing period (see section 170).

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

Indeed, para 80.1(b) of the IVS refers to para 170, which is the forced sale
scenario (see [82] above). Mr Mendoza, who assisted in the preparation of the
1st Report, testified that while forced sale value was technically not a basis
of valuation as specified in the IVS, it is an acceptable colloquial term of
valuation in Singapore. Mr Chay and Mr Chan concurred with Mr Mendoza. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript (6 October 2021) at p 40 line 15 to p 41 line 14; p 48 line 2 to p
49 line 16; Transcript (11 October 2021) at p 23 lines 9 to 23; DCS at para
143.

87 In cross-examination, the plaintiff’s expert witness, Mr Robert Khan (“Mr
Khan”) from Robert Khan International Business Consultants, claimed that the
definition of the forced sale value in the 1st Report is problematic. Mr Khan
emphasised that the difference between the forced sale value and the forced
liquidation value was that the former concerned the disposition of the Assets
on an “assembled or piecemeal” basis while the latter concerned only a
“piecemeal” basis (see definitions at [86] above). 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DCS at para 144; Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 63 line 7 to p 77 line
23.

To him, “assembled” meant that NKI’s whole plant was to be sold altogether as
an operational plant; “piecemeal” meant that the individual items of the
Assets would be sold. To him, there are two problems flowing from this
difference.

88 First, given the above difference, the defendant’s forced sale value was
internally contradictory. This is because the value derived from the
disposition of the Assets on an assembled basis would clearly be higher than
that from a piecemeal disposition, so the valuer should choose one basis or
the other. I disagree. In the RK Report, Mr Khan referred to the salvage value
of the assets (see [30] above). As I shall elaborate in a later section (see
[186] below), the salvage value actually refers to a range of values
pertaining to the appraised assets and the scrap value refers to the lower end
of this range. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 15 line 17 to p 16 line 1; p 17 lines 6 to
16.

Just as the salvage value of the Assets can encompass a range of values, with
the scrap value being on the lowest end, the defendant’s forced sale value can
likewise encompass a range of values, with the value on an assembled basis
being on the highest end. What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
There is therefore no internal contradiction in the defendant’s definition of
“forced sale value”.

89 Furthermore, it does not necessarily follow that the value derived from the
disposition of the Assets on an assembled basis would always be higher than
that from a piecemeal disposition. Whether the price of the assembled Assets
will be higher than the price of the Assets on a piecemeal basis depends on
several factors such as the needs or requirements of the buyers. In other
words, it is contingent on the demand for the assembled Assets as opposed to
the demand of the various components of the Assets. In fact, the price of the
assembled Assets may even be cheaper. The purchaser of the assembled Assets in
this scenario will be akin to a purchaser buying in bulk. Such a purchaser
will have more bargaining power than one who buys a small quantity on a
piecemeal basis and would therefore be able to negotiate for a lower price of
the assembled Assets.

90 Second, Mr Khan claimed that where the Assets are sold on a piecemeal basis
in the context of a chemical plant, the forced liquidation value of the
plant’s assets will be the same as the scrap value of the same. I reproduce Mr
Khan’s explanation here: 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 73 line11 to p 74 line 7.

A: … This definition [ie, that of the forced sale value] states that it is
‘assembled or piecemeal disposition’. And in the context of a chemical plant,
when it’s a piecemeal disposition, there is no way that it will be other than
a scrap situation when you do this valuation. So that’s why it is important
here to distinguish when the defendant uses the phrase “assembled or piecemeal
disposition”, in a chemical plant, there is no way you are going to -- unless
you’re selling intact and someone comes in to operate the plant as is, where
is, I agree, then the value would be higher, much higher; whereas, in this
case, where it’s going to be piecemeal disposition of a chemical plant, is
going to be scrap value, your Honour.

Court: I don’t understand you.

A: Because they have to remove piece by piece the tanks, the pipelines and all
these thing. The only sensible way to do it is cut it up and put it on a
trailer using a crane to lift it up and move it on to a weighbridge where they
will weigh it before they send it to the scrap entities like NatSteel or other
scrap dealers who have means to recycle this scrap metal.

[emphasis added]

If Mr Khan’s explanation is accepted, it would suggest that, since the forced
sale value is similar to forced liquidation value, the defendant was supposed
to provide the scrap value through the forced sale value. However, in my view,
his explanation is unconvincing. If Mr Khan himself was convinced that the
forced liquidation value was equal to the scrap value for the present
purposes, then why did he not state so in the RK Report or in his expert
report? Moreover, I do not understand how it follows from the assumption that
individual items of the Assets, eg, tanks, pumps and pipes, have to be removed
piece by piece, that they must then be scrapped. The defendant rightly submits
that it is plausible such items can be sold and re-used or recycled. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DCS at para 154.

I agree with the defendant that since Mr Khan is not an engineer by training,
he is not in a position to opine that the components of a plant or machinery
cannot be sold as a functional component to be reused in another plant or for
another purpose. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DCS at para 164; Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 81 lines 9 to 11.

91 Having carefully analysed the evidence from both parties above, I accept
that the defendant’s use of a forced sale value in the 1st Report is similar
to a forced liquidation value and was not problematic. Paragraph 20.2 of the
IVS permits the defendant to use bases of value that are not defined or
mentioned in the IVS in appropriate circumstances. The forced sale value is an
accepted colloquial term of valuation. Thus, I find the use of the forced sale
value in the 1st Report was in compliance with the IVS.

92 Next, I turn to the defendant’s state of mind at the material time.

93 To recapitulate, in the course of the 1st Report NKI had requested the
defendant to ascertain the “residual value” of its Assets at the “end of
useful life” (see [16] above). In response, the defendant provided the scrap
value of NKI’s Assets as US$4,882,000.

94 Subsequently, NKI instructed the defendant to value the Assets in a “forced
sale” scenario (see [17] above). The defendant clearly understood these
instructions to mean that NKI was requesting for a different basis of
valuation (see [72] above) for the 1st Report. As stated above, the defendant
mentioned in the 1st Report that the forced sale value of NKI’s Assets was
US$12,130,000.

95 Based on NKI’s instructions the defendant adopted different definitions and
methods of calculation for the scrap value and the forced sale value.

96 The difference in definitions is stark. In the Scrap Value Letter dated 28
July 2017, the defendant stated that “scrap value” is defined as “the
estimated amount expressed in terms of money that could be realized for the
assets if sold for its material content, not for a productive use, as of a
specific date” [emphasis added] (see [16] above). In contrast, in the 1st
Report , the defendant stated that “forced sale value” is defined as “the
estimated amount that might be realized from an assembled or piecemeal
disposition of the subject assets in the second hand market, assuming a short
period of time in which to complete the transaction. The value estimates
consider [sic] that the assets will be offered for sale in its present
location and condition on an ‘as is, where is’ basis” [emphasis added] (see
[18] above).

97 Likewise, the difference in the methods of calculation for the two bases of
valuation is clear. The defendant calculated scrap value by taking a
percentage (4% to 7%) of the Cost of Replacement, New (“CRN”) pertaining to
the Assets. For the calculation of the forced sale value, Mr Mendoza explained
that it was necessary to first ascertain the fair market value, which was a
depreciation of 61% of the CRN. Thereafter, there would be “further reduction”
of the fair market value to get the forced sale value. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

MM at para 30; Transcript (8 October 2021) at p 96 lines 21 to 24.

Mr Mendoza said that the defendant’s usual practice was to apply a discount of
20% to 75% of the fair market value to get the forced sale value, ie, by
taking those percentages of the fair value to derive the forced sale value.
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript (7 October 2021) at p 39 lines 18 to 21.

Mr Chay agreed with Mr Mendoza’s approach to the calculation of the fair
market value and the forced sale value. Mr Chay further added that this is
reasonable, acceptable and in-line with industry standards. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Chay Yiowmin (“CY”) at p 21 para 5.11.

98 Hence, it was clear to the defendant that there was a distinct and
substantial difference between the forced sale value and scrap value. The
difference is not only in the definition but also in the quantum, since the
method of calculation is very different. Moreover, the defendant provided the
scrap value in the Scrap Value Letter to NKI on 28 July 2017. Two months
later, the defendant furnished the 1st Report on 29 September 2017 which
contained the forced sale value. Thus, the defendant would have found it
strange for NKI to request for the scrap value of its Assets by using a
different set of instructions, since the defendant had already provided the
scrap value of NKI’s Assets two months ago. NKI could have simply asked for
the scrap value that was previously provided.

99 Indeed, the scrap value of an asset cannot be the same as its forced sale
value. An asset’s scrap value concerns the situation where that asset is sold
for its material content. In contrast, an asset’s forced sale value concerns a
situation where the asset has some utility but is sold under forced
circumstances, ie, within limited time. Therefore, the forced sale value of an
asset will generally have a higher quantum than the scrap value of the same
item. It is, therefore, illogical for the plaintiff to suggest that the
defendant should have referred to the scrap value of the Assets in its
provision of the forced sale value. If the plaintiff did not fully understand
the meaning of forced sale value in the 1st Report, it should have sought
clarification from NKI or the defendant. This is not the case here. However,
if the plaintiff misunderstood the forced sale value to mean scrap value, it
only has itself to blame.

100 I turn lastly to the plaintiff’s state of mind before the Loan was given
to NKI.

101 The evidence shows that the plaintiff itself did not appear to consider
the worst-case scenario at time when considering whether to grant the Loan to
NKI. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

DCS at para 168.

102 On 1 February 2018, Mr Tan sent the following e-mail to Mr Choo for the
Credit Committee to approve the Loan:

Dear Credit Committee,

We have 2 items that require your approval please.

1) NKI

...

The loan will be secured against the plant and equipment which has been valued
at US$27m with a force[d] value of US$12m, although it is reasonable to expect
that an industrial buyer would pay more than that to take over the plant and
run it (original cost of the plant US$100m).

[emphasis added]

As can be seen from the above, it was not the case that the plaintiff was
concerned that NKI was on the verge of liquidating its Assets. Rather, the
plaintiff was optimistic about NKI’s business prospects.

103 Moreover, in the plaintiff’s credit note for the Loan to NKI (the “Credit
Note”), the plaintiff had identified NKI’s exit from the Loan to be “[c]ash
flow from existing operations” and “[e]xisting AR [ie, accounts receivable]
debtors”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

AB at p 676.

This suggests that the plaintiff did not consider having to sell the Assets as
scrap in order to recover the Loan sum.

104 Hence, the plaintiff is now doing a volte-face at these proceedings when
it submits that it considered the scrap value of NKI’s Assets at the time of
granting the Loan to NKI. This is a retroactively conceived attempt by the
plaintiff at recovering the Loan sum from the defendant, in light of its
inability to do so from NKI.

105 Thus, the defendant did not owe a duty of care to the plaintiff to provide
the scrap value of the Assets through the provision of the forced sale value
of the same.

106 From the evidence, the defendant had voluntarily assumed responsibility to
provide a reasonable estimate of the fair market value and forced sale value
in the 1st Report, in compliance with NKI’s instructions and the IVS. This
forced sale value was not calculated on the same basis as that applicable to
the scrap value of the Assets. Instead, it was calculated on a basis similar
to a forced liquidation value of the Assets.

107 It is clear that the plaintiff can reasonably rely on the 1st Report as a
lender. The defendant submits, however, that any alleged reliance was only on
the part of the Credit Committee, which is part of Pilgrim Partners Asia, a
separate entity from the plaintiff (see [10] above). 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DCS at para 102.

In my view, this is an artificial distinction. The plaintiff relied on the 1st
Report in seeking approval from the Credit Committee. Once such approval was
granted, the plaintiff was then able to grant the Loan to NKI. It is,
therefore, clear that the plaintiff relied on the 1st Report in granting the
Loan. Hence, I find that the plaintiff has proven legal proximity.

108 However, the scope of the defendant’s duty of care must clearly be
circumscribed by NKI’s instructions. Given that it was NKI’s instructions that
lenders would rely on a value based on the forced sale scenario provided by
the defendant, the plaintiff could only reasonably rely on the definition and
quantum of the forced sale value (and the fair market value) provided in the
1st Report. As stated above (at [18]), the definition of the forced sale value
was clearly provided as “the estimated amount that might be realized from an
assembled or piecemeal disposition of the subject assets in the second hand
market, assuming a short period of time in which to complete the transaction.
The value estimates consider that the assets will be offered for sale in its
present location and condition on an ‘as is, where is’ basis” [emphasis
added]. This clearly differs from a scrap valuation of the Assets, which is
“the estimated amount expressed in terms of money that could be realized for
the assets if sold for its material content, not for a productive use, as of a
specific date” [emphasis added] (see [16] above). If the plaintiff had wanted
the scrap value of the Assets, they could have asked NKI to include it in the
1st Report. However, the plaintiff did not do so. Indeed, this could have been
readily done since the defendant had furnished a scrap valuation to NKI on 28
July 2017 at the latter’s request.

109 Thus, subject to the analysis under the second stage of the Spandeck test,
I find that the defendant would owe a duty to take care in providing a true
and fair report of the Assets using a reasonable estimate of the fair market
and forced sale valuation in the 1st Report. However, this duty did not extend
to providing a scrap value of the Assets as neither did NKI instruct the
defendant to include the scrap value in the 1st Report nor did the plaintiff
request for the same.

110 For completeness, I shall address the plaintiff’s submissions regarding
the scrap value provided by the defendant to NKI on 28 July 2017 in the Scrap
Value Letter (see [16] above). In Mr Mendoza’s email on 29 May 2017 (see [16]
above), the defendant estimated the scrap value of the Assets at 2% to 7% of
the CRN pertaining to the Assets. However, in the Scrap Value Letter, the
defendant used 4% to 7% of the CRN. In the 1st Report, the CRN is defined as:
156

##### Foot Note 156

×

AB at p 4.

… the cost of the assets under appraisement in new condition, with the same or
of equivalent utility, considering current prices for materials, labour,
manufactured machinery & equipment, freight, installation (if any), and other
attendant costs and related charges.

Mr Mendoza also explained in that email that he relied on the Depreciation
Reference Table (“DRT”) found in a reference book, Appraising Machinery and
Equipment (John Alico ed) (McGraw-Hill, 1988) at p 63, in employing this
methodology. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

MM at para 32; Exhibit P3.

111 The plaintiff submits that the defendant had improperly applied the DRT,
which states that the relevant percentage range should be 0% to 2.5%. This
corresponds to the “Not Saleable or Scrap” categories of the DRT. The
defendant applied different ranges for the calculation of the scrap value. I
reproduce the DRT here:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAnQAAAM9CAMAAAAilx7tAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAMAUExURf///wAAAPf399bWzpScnNbe3r21vZSUjKWlpebv7+be5hAZGRAIECkpISEhIa2trbW1tWNjY87OzggIADExKVpaUmNra0JKQnt7hDo6QnNza3t7ezE6OkpKUoyMjL3FxRBapb0Q5r0Qc1KlEL0Qrb0QOhmlEIwh5owhc4whrYwhOu+E3u8Z3hBa5nNjnFLmEBnmEMW1EIy1EM7mpRCMpUJapVrmpRDmpVq1pRC1pUIh70IhnM5r70IhxaVr770x5r0xc1KlMVK1Y70xrb0xOhmlMSljaxm1Y1KUYwhjaxmUY++13u9K3pwhCEIhCMWEQoyEQsWEEIyEEBCM5nNa70IQOkJa5sVaQoxaQsVaEIxaEHNaxVrm5hDm5sXmEIzmEFq15hC15kKMpVLmc1LmMRnmMRnmc8W1MYy1McW1c4y1c6295lLmUhnmUsW1Uoy1Uu9aQnvmpTHmpe8ZQlJzGe+cQnu1pTG1pe9aEO8ZEO+cEO9ac+8Zc++cc1JSGc4hCM6c3nMhCBAQOqWc3hAQa3OM70KM5nOMxWsQ5msQc2sQrWsQOsXmc3vm5jHm5sXmMb3m5u/eQozmMYzmc3u15jG15u/eEO/ec8XmUpzm5ozmUu9apb2ElKXvpSljOu8Zpe+cpSljEL1alKXOpQhjOghjEJyEc5xacxAQnBAQ785avUIQaxAQxaVavRAxa+/epWsx5msxc2sxrWsxOkpra86Ec85acxAxQhAxnBAx7857vWuMnEIxaxAxxaV7vRkxCO/mzlJrQsWllHtac5RrlM7Fpe//Ou//vc61nNbF76W1nGNSc8Wcrdbv7xAxIWNzeyEICEpKa3uMa2N7WgAhCO/e98695ko6Kdbv1py1vZycrUIxQggQIYyMnM61vda9zko6SkIxKe/e75SljGNKUjE6Kffe5qWllBAZCGNSY2NrWnt7a5SlnO/v5lpKQiEZCCEIIXuMhHtze9bFxQgIECk6IRAIAK2crffv75SUnOb399bezu///wAAEM69zgAAAA+UUTMAAAEAdFJOU////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////wBT9wclAAAACXBIWXMAABYlAAAWJQFJUiTwAACdcklEQVR4Xu2dbW+cxtfGFwfY4mAIxITEYPz93/cb5PVflZIXrZI2kqNIK1eJ3VtuHCdpq/u6rjPsrp/X9q6968zPXhiGmWGYOZx5ZBh4PB6Px+PxeDwej8fj8Xg8Ho/H4/F4PB6PZ7mpSme4XyK3n9C4/Y0IsiCIB4M4CJ2F2G2dwXNXhHETl10bn8iHIMidaRpkmeGOF4i7UBAUzsIBG2e6ARai4awGg3J8MDF5bkk41hZ5EKTOOKFSFpCx1JmVOziBTghnMSNB0DmTiA4RrZNWp+E13uxHpy+FwxMPx/WQb8Ylng51colTF/NcDXLj6xHS7VSCTifpOYkqW+Eseht3dIIgqGx3WgFdwangcIRsP/cKPdA6CfdQrjp2qHS8MSUFVhdOpkR3SgIvj5PnLEjNHmeDxJ06qmE8W1NLLXenPVlQzniCXlWe0BQzEAQnqk3B31Snl9bO+giEJ65UBmcredflzK3FY/0PSXcmz2xQUMjJVG2CIHNGllXOOI3sJq6EwjmHcfls5aVTVy3Ex0wJNuazDwBFdY0dZSV+Ej9RTVHncpWuDMHct7SWHhV4FrTvw7F9EWR8QmJUQ7lrB52sW5yFRat7txuBwUy8wglJxbH2edDao1AGjz85y357XU3+w8J0gzJDFk8XQUPLdEKtpyIL+0nuCuiTE7U9JrszniAInvYGnKerIDiCXBu0aSAtynsdm6HBlVNV04MAtbnePWSiMFMflLwYZka8uOudaZuMQ7d91B+v2173ZqbYhPpEPRDRMBVrZ2BQxVFGxHN8ok81z2WkSH6kaJ9YzsRsAxIp7Cc2tBiD4xNiSNXhjCcYW1MRoV0ySDLIDoMLIBipa94y89p31BY6FBl0Xp7Qi4UiDQh3TYk8rxQpyub4qjCmatC4gxKbhq5qCm3LGOYmUce4MmPc6GoKnHKUSrHjwvG3k01xOZCAMea4bTgskugDrflTr4pz5JkBZMUm906Z/KUWa0DlwzQcb6s/sJl6+kc4PFHbw/G5iT6WaQqdnIQsoswxt1Z503GNEliGNEV8VJCFrFYylihaGZQ9DMh0HkI9Q6jojPS9MxSXRmW5XPD6Ki7xeLFAplNt7dBM/LFoLQf/C171DsaYK9IhOnC3LsfOn6J9pv3iuYQNS20mbE09YVUa9YEon2FhCQ2jSloDRyfT+IyFIwj+NUNKiYIAIHhI+Ylck6UKU/54QvWn8ZNAoZPoVOZ6yiPqArIAyHU8FRYAty4s/PZhoBaDUVYtAjJhdk6kae3u1mGBah+tx5ikj8V6MPjUR18PyTaue9qL5zKQkEpAoZTDxqr5ymezaGMmuHMFWGqdrOTB4txURw2uN/DHvF7jkS6ayU4GAjFDzd6g0EELSwLGQrfXuciOPX7t61s8ll8Fo+B0nOBwe3xknlgVsGPbWmjrPC8VjiQ5rcW5w4MIhUnRTvrKB4twPaDOiWcm/uqFzlJOyc+GmCpcNPc9v8j1CTieiKqAjTVGOrUxx/RaAue5cSehWLgzO1wNQid7c0aSYFenqbAu0nTQTRDJU0KH2gH1jy4EB+uIFiS9rxko2riaa52an1ShfZKNixm9jnEh286E7sAs9EP68OiEF89l9JqO5YNVy2EDMVAha+lMoeOTP6XaYDMlS86gcPp9TxD8H3cI4zsPaEaFy7LWVc0oAHbGxQCCFlFDUWdZrY26CG62neuJRxTAfbRcVHCuhSdJGaL9HeKHIPZxNOwSuy48YRtuqEEDkwkdbwhhSkB1gR5LCncBNWzQ6nXHjB1k2k5z65mBxxNhcRukMfIRxtrVVFAaIUOQ2uOGBKytGdFXZcYdGTpFGwcyZDT4j2JLAcKuYjcF9UkSIWfVCKUOhbF6Q7f0j1AP6QpRa1HnRHhp8NKudYAnIsbJipKDKODCff8YfWKnyhoim7HIVqPSekh4GKHwtKsFaESj1QSDHfKpGMYsz3FwoE6cMTjQEXeMjkqAklVG9cXoRI6bscfQczXIRQqdsoqpV1IMAlV7LLlRaHDHNu24okMLFaZO6HgszMgzDtkSEw0zS1U4k20phWBcG4tfYKOGDekUPTIY/F9vwIZt03FeI9f1WHBXOw9oyGK7qTaFxI07uO0bKNbWGCt1YEECC5TwHvW8uSeLBboFADtsvw4e6agvsj1XwtTq98JyjwZXmXPJPl1q4sj1Y5nmmOZk6Tpgb9yUTRZnlNbvyKIyZhjRKHzEE1GYW00eMtDrLipZtmlg2IRA1lZ9yyuNMbwZURDCcEg7cqLuD3RbPRAsekbETUazoGJ7Js95GIYjmbW7DLVsFO1klL+hTZLrKM5zL3IzI3GiGPBxz/gsw0w1oZpSHEufzR9czZlugqT0Sk4LoWdZoMy5cuE2YnBdcFGnKj2eO8LaFR6P5mF4PB7PQwJNwNI1GB3f3N7zQCh9Y+rGJMlgHT+a1j+9T+KSxDvxYZx/yUdhFw47kjOJk6vSOdGfgigZUhTHeRyHTTgKww6tm7wLu0E+Q00jSQ6j9UThHKKZH5c72LhfN/wSnhoPvIioTMpoHfeXRAqB5Lz+93jn8IqRtSQ6Tkq6SeIufJfgVnjxPMe1wzwu4yHuzFyeQ8ToJ3n8hFfceUeP9NsNv8J71/CP/PLy9ctia7ve3t+u92r8MwmP8T9IjhP+Iwl2DnExJmeM3Oj6ccn544QgWU8GynFEr6jqartu240sTdOnjw9+5y4IMs2TWhi4SHrwu73pcRsQDAct5kT6efN2t525WQmMmAZX7pajf5Ee2B49TT9n4K/HB4+ztE2zdoa4SEBmperypmjwwBdVURR7FaW7HxW4HpC18fZC0rbNsrqlULa4mSzbaLPNz5fKaPr30d/p0e90FqSPe5d/I30QxjibkGPAmS/n9wMkZOYejPQ1JbhoKxylNdK4QqTGVzHSz9PHKZ+v9DH2GUJC9NsXSLoKkfsLmVPXb+v2pHfStunfwRGij6Ap6LgEHW0ghO39Nnvc1n/VB79/RhAbl9/Fi8/ySI4YzcdPGZu0RZpm7du63q6BcyCeOue4Mpzx3pzFwe8Hp+4TbqkxzgFe+3CMUx6vELqwrT/8XFBHFcXWs+bOn6dzMuQmZCek+7phphqVDR7X8ggBUhCzh/L06VOpyKPgr4m6Tf9GlGYK46lUx9P0MeQbuQl/DEUxuOKZPZen+Dui3r+96j/n8pt4SA7sBEQPUW432422ql60FG+w/WG73n3hxOtcPpxOl2uUL0jo7MWveJTe1vs/Vx9+rvYkvKhLPIn/e/Sbu0LyGwrhS8aHOOqOpM42N9pftz8Uz5qXz6BqoWtz1m923pVRhGL8+LIRpqRoqS3rLRTw+22tSKBuglrWu6iM4ysqRY46aA8HgzdVU1dV/ap98SrLXutZzFFlDPMd1Fci1JYQH+fhNGFQP8l/qV5kB1DZ7Yv9X2ro8KKqcDOqfIRFw5pnBA7LwRpH4CYcFvDIRH2cQeQfw/hnmz4rPm9XoN4vmLI5qk2IAapr5SHS5p0qcuZ9QokAILubdXbwe129+HWvQwYVYc5IsJ6W73zfeRf13q6qMC6GvyU+p4DSKyBBBPf6f5QAMB7g9HhuBSeO7OdP4nzEJ3AdT/G9yL7nR2Lt9eZkPofH4/H8QKjbz5k9Ho/H4/F4PB6Px+PxeO6cfLpr1r+o4rkDbHEDx4kDj+fa2ND5VcsMwIUzgRMHHs+10avEWvjlUmaZE+3xzIZW9rEFgrgGErZRPtD6A/Zec5hroYWOQlf06wNyMya/SmA9npPsSNDcRgWndgKCpr1WChmvyaLi1Yxu1RfiNaFnZkrU5/ZtoSJIDit3qQkYj/WDRA1+N3MGnZhq7SwcpCqVK1hS6Cw0j2cGbGUqmmQIHqOQRRmqn1t5yASOv3BwbCtcsShOVCpntqoVHXo8s1EHXNCxVb2uHSTrXHqQiztr+TVW7fiKTi9nOITh2A4SHcQQOrnweGaFrVctLegaE1xJMkfxKk2X42drCfY/npDLg2B9sM7VcgMuCG0+PZ6ZeEKJQTuBa2+b7NgykCkNIeXrhNCFdoK/7yia7eCyN6A8njNApLiAJMtWbILgT+z0dRaWmlz6m/C1GC1FyGP9+gOuIU5caB7PDJSdfTE1RG0OsvUHTFJfRTIo0KRtm1hrXLLn7uMITmBIRlzLJrKlpOGnbicrOHs8i0dKzgud5y5xQuf7hj13B1u+vk7nuVuiYreM/aq8Hs8Zoisnnv7EjQ3CLBdNlwwGr/ulR9m8e2CEB1NlZWefShsM4qYclFpbuuvc4NgJ4oBfHtXXO5aF0x+F2WJ398VoNLDk9xOdxV3CawN3dBpEbXcy+Qzudsz0YGCHnPsqH4DRFih1/XFmdTZ1IHNfgqOvU99Gun9OPxvPLxcn3JVWwLrU0YJQL2iNCFywWIH6BsYxm/rs2QMhDtJBMU54DpEJPWftyG79bDlFW2WZO14IDP8aVzg8nTWXD5sw5GGbBZcukrcYkHIsQ9aD4NAsTpP2z4++0/Tw4CyTCWOhO+i7RM7NdZVJHJ9YaL+JCd1NOgQrTVxQ6RqF4xs4cSd8qkrcwj3Ul3DpqXRz35wiVmzkZSTdxiNp75gOskACmE2rwFVB5ah92sy+VmYTS9gWTWD43t/Qs97Ar42CPJ/WIygemIeXV5puDQQOQqNtD5RXSgUWHAx+ty9wMgoJ9pypwE9Z6obcMSMp+DCZYQzCRba+u49GOFJvLHR9tGw/MQwVfZpkcNZT7lYDRbUfOt1z0R/8qS2nCcsBs0LEcpgqz4s+z+wUoJrA8elPDM4Ze3kIhZCJl0VRBosPHagaAH2gIzwyAZ4SfkEVXtAA0kOEW+AMVJOzCQoi2NHzc7dMXVIlS4r75E+RlBKgpst6G27+oqGCDe8Qm8trDkuERZdD+wMb18fN8y5wSll3ZA7McYyMQiHK3NIsOmGnCA7Qqi1bk4sFYYFr1h9iwenNSm1uVP7wgUAcf0utOWPfuYfzNXMXBb/DoBP206M1IUYwtrq3s7grxnUYRgsi9g3Hn2lFe6V3G3yFiSUpUwDWLW31OW1zI8+rAKPKyhgkRVPnQtnoBpihOqeJc6TF7cJhDlscBcGn6MyHJigD7VPnfhGMhY4rv+O5oBZD2nMjAYPQZVnI2X968OXcZMid5rR6nbDf+OZ69OwhPHd4V3zsi1fKEOo7jNcmJ15gr9oyUp5f4ufURVa4YSWh4zzbVRQ6aQhEHBrO1WZ0A07oBjZFmOzjLiF0tKVyOUefwTmUyiJzzIQOUdrehni3GXUv0r7ARrGKrKenL60stmGLndN0ByZQPEEFsn66PhA0a9D8H837HULdDUKqb9wib0DChh/qCbhFyuK6niGmAKw3pMWDDZjljvXwlcCiy5XIEXNWeMa2VvDwaRorg19wuxvUiCmb9b3tNEHRQYIXK3R8zhml2l1FardABjTB98Hg0DoWoPDU8wB3IYqkLdyGhI4TTlN7yBIEErHP9cStwDjWhncKYoNrQtaUDYfSAbSx0idYR3YcyaZgvRlHOTMI7txn/SWYqwFq13ieUJzQSNORJgzzLrCNUGG398IEnz4duLtk7YdNi/HdwhpqhbuF0bnnnA86Hm20DajpXNOB18WWlVS9KVkgX3beyYYqGCUYf70TDj+oLtWrRVCzkOPpu2/BIq7kCYwyqGXE+2hlIqjl2X3GUH7uq/+IKLasaCww1ecL48rocsMiUwdb3OiAWSfL3nGMG9WM4tylBG37Tn+co1CqmbgoGDqzJ6IyIxQZXDRWfCD+1Bjc4/BxEn75mAxyfr4MAprn4adQXUJhHqosYpcPe33c/QGZECJt7xx+/sIZzzBddtKV7iMZvVFHVxx/w72cHHtZZiI82azB5rn0Va6+N/fpD94YP+ByYVLoRBAc2xFMcIwspy5aEJQooDo3xKqCIQyq7zoOQxu4G7ro4iGaDQToTIN8dXLuh+ZOS6Iy5McW9Xz0BMEjZ7oxXtI818PpPY/n7rBRL49nMZz78XTUyGauvS2Cf2x3osh/ILhbm4Gpu+89JbP7vmtullf2keprkqx/wubT+EOOHo/HMz/+dxit6y86LB1RFJeDQfjTBfMVF4hTc+VgPUoOy+h7Gb3Ly++PyjzP+Zuia14/bwi/m1u/1WeQ3/Kj5/rUfapvqgfpfhhF7+Id/D2J+b8Th13T6Yuz2HZFtV3V1Xbx84eiKLJ290Xb/gqff+vTuvwuNMIY01ZBsIHUefckDztcv8vD5jl22wgEf3Vb13tVgX9Got3kZ+r5dXN1jZ6gaH8Nd/KhPhbcNc0r3Ae/icsvzhdVUde4n812t+bNgA3FhF8cT/k93TQL6jIpiwp3dljilsDH0Ztw9EapgfjgD8HglmrcTtYypE19MZ/htC2LkuQwSta/8wPFUWRZXu7EOROlYySK1y9fa4/IIE02kLDwa5HvSQ/q9uD3tm43cLOM5fhD7LfmTEA36lhW37znFtzkQ+gL4+QH969P2m5XlXs8+NyNOBrAEcaLuHTWbl5sOmezk/KT6+nj7NV6FDbRcZI3+SDvwqLS3Kecgw95jWcX0WMcX1G3NEPpKqfzSCld/Wn9TIUwGakZg7ABdYqpuXAITfeuLJ/I97udcudw57f3SRJFj/TB9YtIqpemT3hxflA8DEcKIo+f5HGZJJ/+t56A4yQ5+YXzafI/qFRGFhGpKihzfpZZm2j9fXRx0wtRg3J6J4dQU7zWdWrQ0SAahV87RJpfUi8ZBP5FcozQOUdhJhAJ3O9hNM/C8Br3MUEjjGe4XcvgVp49PwBFO7zX7hGPx+O5P1BGJlN/PcfL2z/peWiwxuqMHo/H43lINDZFK2q03ozHcwcE7s0B7HXs8SweSBt1XHE/s+09PyTsKseu84rOc2fwq0cQuIirG+i9qQRaLx9kf/EtpvfOkcczT4J1vbrcBZG+O56isKUU4r++55mungcLBKugeuO/hI3LIGlpmv/w83gWAItVvjICAeNb2Hx9F+Uq9s2OlznPYlDblXU5vnLu+uqCoID28x13ngWh9+LYgpDo2Vv0NKQ88HgWAOSLHXSQOq3+CD6x0y62pbY8ngUAKfvO/fdtd6T1PTj/v/2VJo/H4/F4PB6P5wdmTdN3jgfJ4BjG47XB2nGCf52D/c2nDPfL7C2AcyKFq138DuG5IJCb39w8uEUEZvFnbq50KQezvxU5cTizl/M5kVvTYfHVSs+C8Gl7CbeUaM+leNG7Pvayud47P7RVNg53+B8/ycPRl4+jL/ZaPPbDrmm2mq67YEKkwvn+6FEfTJnrTfwmHIVdN/w6HH7tuORHVTRh+f09FzmzhyGxi39/FD2K3u3EhzG8xvETXbXbappiq9qu9qpaK6i0u9vYHKUHWbsR7J6cJ5IoBoZu5p29yx/H4fAPBbfVFAiP/1zCBHFpt7eqzBbn1RoB+HEbcZ0ZLTUTR2V/O2Wec2WWnCsyhCOObVywLABXAFhHPQfB2Lv86wwoZ6K+40IDYdjk4fCd3XYJu4/hFySVW4CAqz5ofZOq2nv9bO/P6m1dv93MalthhX2NZxe8CMv8XTxCvEZ/DLvhH1xWoWmQXcWHCgcICUlny7S07cbG5iZXhTj69+ickHreuXu5IecvAuDxXMZHJz3nEkIrhPvO5aVwDSLxWP80HDzO0izbwF9WQZtACfGReLZV4J/Lh3R/DLkECR5B/HHxkDjOh3CzHVRxFeDB0+JGCEwLOLW7UEZ7dVVv19AkVChaCkVLkNjqI9A6ZfSIqxXlEResN8/Z52wTf63+sraui2KvQhik2uMWeqlpqi/hl49f8p3yPyjDnbJ89Cj7F57tfrIDrvrUbrQbm9v7+KsRy3r7Tz7wjAhiAaWdj778RC3llspCTMpBlMfRQM66EOq4C6GSv/ZLtiC6XGfJlFW0/tv76Du8GGXV7r6o6hctL1Rv7yu6hakpaawhbho3OspxYYRkWk0hra+zph3FKW62elEj1cyzlrZBDMKvXPYFMWaC73ABE5Q7/QJf389pbIX9cjFusZm45FIx2Fvcr12vjzotUX8RjQnUKSRSfyPp69q/G+CZN261Jy9anjvET7n2eDw/Kon+e+O8Sa6xyLjHsxLcdCb5zT7zs7ZqE9ft01srCBrXzjRH9MFfMP5g6QWg5eNM53L6259EdldwRbAXwG8GLjONfX43ytx3+XGXB6tZkWeLd/5pzf4b7rG79GnE+cuSbeqroRNmiO4NG/ELSIh5MklTmfr96oFol/0XieeJvQGD8K+f+9NSaol7srCcQaJu+IbXkmehfXpXb3lMftOfHV0VGPNoEd+gdU/h9ROl/4axPFIRpqcWlVe4Zyjhw66lD0E/RKGTuKF6kSmmCZ/F1XyVjZGOFtGlHCR690VpIgG0T6LTaiqdaNfyNC2pHe3Ve36hX864KdyXcu2YTEuULLRDlYwnuGbE2Elrr1iHfde5fefboiILG8ixL2AD87WkmNDpG4OKP5Ll8ZJH+XwY6fUFKOnYSY8lU8n06lC94zt/0+lEN5wuQTf42Sv39EajnmQK3RaP8ePjUVgh02PfEqdfkdJJhiMndGrIwF7ncUpHZlMFacJv/dtjIJXB3xLzi+I3ETrUhg+WPMrnw0gjM+YudAhX+gTy4Oa28DKwrk9U8+LgyOKQIQkfKxq5a1rASwJraisebED5YYcEz6Y1HecipfAhUaRo6wsvY6FTS8S1gRPIGeqLPOAGPqDgnJpFXCHiOrW82Bu6vdAlwfpg8PuSR/l8GOkFCR3VTAJ5CCEGycjyFJlrJa4jd4oGkpRIShtsKXTHFAVa0w2cPNckbFrBrp/eQdAKoiMGjNOhOTkpdI9YEFHodNI54A9bSjSQdzu1vFjxmlLoQiYl0mmV63SXfv7pRigxrDxLe5FmP5hsJsQSOqkvyISe5XUmplzCgvLEU8EmagG0RlC0G8NylxYQUlNp8jYWuhEPU+rWidBROcoVt63d+0oIHXU9b9I9p2z+ccGz1YOxfzd/RefyT88mRCFQCacluXRiLHrqj7VUXLdFvCCpW4OX2KswcT/IBAtGGOU0GDzhCcI9i1fUS+nKSfU4/K/9EeRfS4XxiLVA048Q9+CA7g4ZMpsgy0zfZfKUd8NqLG/m0imWSwqV0QLSGkLGbhhTIDbTzyWabMaX7CWAm2EQHDkj0LckIZMdJKWmcIL+XGDiYwGYBX+mWLGhazs9Pi8r/GIXGx5MXY27SoYlhnHE7jXjieqobmT+6uIuQFazPJszSdOo4lWqpxcKT7kZfkcFS/Z97rLa7/SPbVDY5Swy4leDOI6TOE8GOX4MQuUgnMQsUfoApEKzLRY9DbIBmbKWFXEejnuYw1E+iJE1ef5lEGnELw8aBG1B4RA7ZR1qd4UNLy0rTdcp8f4KMskaEm7+XV13xHS1fLGM6x+16wC+MdBKzvQjMn8l8YBhW0Fkt5S5saLzeDwej8fj8Swx1620se83PDFUcS00RttxKIxs9YblJGQvwErTfR12S5jE/QSnGUnZ/REEQ3d4bTirBRs3xYsHywv7eBi/gNMVzGrF0B0sYdSvGyc3DeWmlDbW4fp08gWMC84NZpeybElzbgbYDX9fKTzVsznpzL0hLF7PzYJyhnyJ3dAJSueYHcmuQ3G0lF2viqmELozGHZ8e0oWj/MuIAwGDhDN6IdsZhZvd/plcFJpN1LYoFluNs0bhOvx11pkXws+TPM/DcNy5p8U5FFrCIYSwki8OuKIkVi4wO2IbAytinKXmstMCxqDmYJyurAFhneOx+eckFajMlOXsjjmT877cXQZ0l4ruKDo0q1Wjpa525jmCijlRhoIYEgYqShpRecaxQxv6DbZ4DvsYipeTQOhP34sjTuqQ+x9gC4tD/DS0VskR/lm02qymVxBuhOfCDXid2mlRWXzArkENMKGwkn6qseKqz4YdaOIA74BnGEsOA1sY94+N+mOzhkgtT7SuBeKNDJr/g9wnDTIQWimyjTJW9u8zTvDAgabrUBLMucZhiQmSXndwywYh75HgQ+wZZxt0pbSk8tRPu9iUmT/oVTlxAXJqHRu3EY/NhZ2FbylEm6IcUvdRhcZUyJwwSXcfeXpJ6OOU4A5tstPKwVhrtsWcUZDY4HmEpjL9xbnnzh4FagxlktkEJmedBkmjI0Bv/EomDJBXWSC1Hx/JxhyrxsUDEzppbTmjX83PS6S66EwuOZoPxcXwnA9uLAbctMExhG5jMNjtT0/cLVHLwm4RLW7VLVZ1yP/061bzwLIKGz6Y2HDWWhZQ3XBinKUawbMK6dAEX01N6qd5UFM5obPa8tiHe7w5iQ70ttzjZwEBCd0BAuktYHiELYSOxTVsdUJ7Z5CfIaP7QtZyR62SmJJeGhJOqzZT/0iuFBEr9ZKLOdPnpFVBtqXpYDShwKZVnvYS5BIRu0mlv4KAoDzsk3U8r+Q3uILnT72msweGsrkBFyYrlElUsseqlQTBju1QXPN67sIWA+QeteM6romY0koBmbuIFUj6XQoiJBE/yc0o7S9RvGaHqTrWDvMEYSIj9XIWOyIs90Y2q5wHaBNwJ7POm6dxTKxhoDqdtSx4kl3AnH6M/Xc2PWHU1vZyCiGHeLJ9wVfPIC8QWmtI4DZRkhbwB5NNM45gYltV3o8UhiqVNPBabEjoAJUEhbEMWBuN8WISrKCiY4qCBVRYLGAZmC6UOnfI3O4dZLJ3R2zSjjueeIxfDCHieWdlluaazUqc4jZo2D+iU3b8RGYn6n3OsPSGceqSDKPpIzeZwlw0VdsMms/5X6OEXTTh4LD7v+XpnVA0rS9niWqa10FP/fxhqVqooAvd2NT3F8z6Z5de7Yqo5O1ST+z13DNWlTsLSlVnOodwmfpgPSvHRfXE8Vtc53GFovN4LuUioesrJOfihW7lsK4CoQ/SOfM9Mbyo0zJc0fHCSzgerN08ueeYT0lkgU1JwhkuPHf9E9fgnoXR4/F4lhh+Wi1JVG5H60lUvnf21yeyzxSBa2lu+8ZcqS87GWFe4vg6+n+dX0ayYIyYnz8KO36a6VqRQRAupPUbv4S6to50SKKbJyRgSn7/DzcySGLdwIwT9hl3RR9JER3in3nyyNJkpC/h8eNaz6qmam52f2XT8Nt3juz3g/SST97dOZw2dFvmEcbNQaJuV9v2eTRndT3q4Rt9Cmyf32TjrNob0tZ/OdM8qS6TujCtd9sX+m/1dbiD3w8eXy8V/j76++jfI/tKXYbfUbvRZpvtQcsQBVOlqpE4mfNyPgzg6F94Bti2Gy/qF7++4BczQVEUe3/+Uu29vjxyTxEH3Ef2+OAxvzhZ88Z2W+wRmeLDz9Ve1SC/nOOLYBj6vN2GPjXJzSaiUfPTb4pLXTVtGqQX3o7iyEhkj/9iYnxGXOyLexwEmRl+AZCf/EvtW3sKY7vClWeGUcxe/Pq2rV8cIF1+t88GSkwZ+cvzw2Up75/i0baKQM3P9fVfwMP/VvHLy9cvt+xbdkjfvaoY/vyS0yQu5Mhd4AzpKo7Pzco82lb3yYrHvwkqfiKTWGEt27UovnGlw+O5ilV/6D0Ph7WxMB7/c8zmJxugsDummJ78uwFclLUP6DpMXN/osj3qBv/Hbgi/W4TFj573ISChZDcDSFHiLoydkpXfYVdgV0fIAuhdJzzsY3K1Z8dJT+M/fg/eubhzzvn+8VyZZBBMM3+f7nSsLNEcM6ZV4rzMLCK46gWpcZPcufSy45NXR+6Miym/9yY1Ho9nqUFjirvSrQV6MWzZVxe5aezdMY9nFihLtrt0iRacz/tJxOcQXfElPY9nGpueftU8Kb5IIdGzwzM0K/n6geeeMEG6QuguljZH/2aFxzMDTuioyNzyQNgGQfIBxvdO1k5Mpy9wNoNzG9iChfaTl4Q8nqtATa2D3NAIyeEL/JIhvTCGc70b7QlkroYTva2IqlxK51wZwAudZ3bsdUIY+NlAipodcVu7d3+cpvuTZ1WQBsETveXKefY654XOcy0oOBSZVm9rq3w168wMY03HlY8SGdtgVx+3GAvdRe+zeTznAlGSxGz0fW12yLetnfqikft+hbFBFtRvZcDG7S/tcfF4TtILV1+Y9jW41O3BWOi4wliqY73BxjKWe0ilb716rgGKRknMI4gSJchJGPZj7UVVl+cqQyGSnAuqVRk7NkJwpAVDnFOPZxZ6gaFomdC5JZ6mtBcUW7Bvcw3RfrViV0v26DjL/TCYZw5Yk8HjuTsOvcx57hoUp6v+pRnPqtF5RbcAbOr4GBxdOO906sQJNxcfkGTdGS4hOTkP9sIYrCjnJNDtbpG+rwhh+vTtLnaS2S47zyt6PJ5V4IH1osymxOag6roQf5wUGzZN0eDHV+712n1RxOXxILJvIuJK0WDA94mSpIy46kb0vTyMbbWLnXjn3c4wHIZhl3dN0z1/1TQvX+8hkC2EUm3Xdd1yjYGMQSGEY1uHJHr/2/vf1s13HJd5F+bhH6M8FAjn9R7f2ycMQS+lp3w1Pg2yuD4K7dpchuR7HCOAPM7xj5vh2+m6FUHPbxkBxqB/hV6mpoJVllVP4sM4pxf8McKF3pNvX/zavtiFx7bl2/BZC0/Ot3HUZkHukkRrf7iVVeIScWE8uCQKcUEX23qZPkv/fbbfZm0RhpBZpQZDSBItJrIerSfJOkxcV0V03bAPSvdTFHv72/vtU0YJEUrriuuv5PkI6Z9zYRem3ihkRjTPkJO4mZpumQDYMhFO3se5dB3vQ7dBmUDMK+zbIKgvl7k4P4xKxVu5ONpjhJWHt1gf43655zVXlmjJl5vz9NLbuHw5CnLpZBvn5iok+RT9Azx921WdvaiaDjL6Bg8LhLMZxLHc1VdFpw8orZtmG4rlMfTN8+5rGOZP3mFTfk8ed5weeSEnnz+oqudD+O665z9Bg8Vl9AmK4FPyv0/Jt8vv7d/Nuvr9oNWCJwDqtnne6Ml9FX/6Vv50mCR5Q4cXLnyiO6FWatu/8IRzkQTcQMh1oXa4sFMZd/GgvOxmjgIqliCjbkMMyN7rBokKRaAyIz9wLq8k28yybFNLt6Aw+WPYsVSAIuSSDRcLCUuEtq5eUuGGzZ9NMxx2KBvi72tr39agS5Po08lWYFSXA44KOv9TZJuQi2pPqfn89btLX2Glc6nUx9n+doX/vZ//hLJrmvALCrIuZI5SwXs8c8M3bT0ez4NGSu6Uppte36EvlT+h3eSMHs+tmFWQrlzUhAF9M+NScWXElxz/pN8D5dxelo+ac4OqgxK/C/P21ewzz6PxdxiXlvE3OsLVm/KXWYzR6F2AIuHMWxkaewthXmPtfKHwLLiaffewBxecksA/rnH5+UV1YSCKiiO7tmSxOrgYq/NpXzbzhKHKYF89n9v7BvX56Uyhy6aee1x96opP+FnEGamWPSOjVh2cStk+kVcGF2FuFxD1yQt87NG+olv7GuAZcaYTnFliaWzBHVTCqdMXs7eAxJgryjduuF/6R+QUVlC5zdw/BN+/f2VMVz7GJhSGI3fdNyO+q2Cf6Bxs2c4xPCkueiGalE6MuzyHSd9Wl02cHyeyqCId032EzfcYh8NGhW7SdAhVA9BRqCgU9m3vVt8Wpml5sfhpTQK7s1UCQqdxFRgXEPOx0OGZLAejIDoK7Fv+45qXrfNAV1z5AXt+Sn2rxsM7VZO3FeNZX+M4Fk6g9mZy4cLXmzf8ODXXgbDwQc0PohMWxwEc8Uv8QYlIqUXxH+OiGKpy4bxpp99So/h1wVd9SX3VhI7Z5yK9gIQeC53Kw5xfyg9VC8GxSR3Egos/lHJBOar19OKn08bUeb6feqiWm3S0+8j6QVCUEObPELqKthI+PEzQWRN3fCEHQssQ5AlONehoFU6qRa1fotNLL3RIN8YyVBt2BTUdtm4z9/eKx3U6SV9iGgaZzxkCVmA6TZMoFZXViAUcDFTQGbKGr2TN3ofmO/t0GAwr1zr9xz4pvhkcw11yzLMFfnK7K7fwODJPacgzRLGzny060VAuUybD8mcj4oymBN/SXT2hM1002cyXsaZzQqdq49BqToY7keAcTr1GjetISmw6MnYARwP6THEgm2lXZgyCbxBeuxOdMgM3j6nU4RuaveQZkk/VLNSjg8qihe+slxoVB6tZp1us0J3UdB8oGtRpU9W1zzyRqTh0okg1J0EZoyMk7HFChfU3DiQ/J1yx9obN8eAYduxRob5S3WGHG3qMuKHDvo84D476u2ZEzQTP3LqD5cbque4+VwhVtiyJFxBzJ3Ra1pe5niDLqdQiSKEcUBrZAFifNEgZDzsYiwePtiAyeqJZMPfney+oLbJkzBDWT5C2vhsPDqzcHgRPXV/htFZgfYiHkZVSrsWqUNUJMS3UywYrxopkKG3HZv/qgLgzZblbQMwVLKD08aHkT1U37gRyupCl2bLnAopQbTKzJjqlBoe5o0ygSuikpHcQISOGeIiywVsUPS10IW3hVNki4NS1GoiztPazNXF5Epu9F6jgQowngxtLB+OqsoGG1ZK5QZ0p5jsHO4v4eFgZjjjTdYgH0vXF9RX8Pued8uKhSkjAnJbrqT7PcPBm5IwGz0xOMwRUBzNsGuQAjiB3OMteuTjmJ1BZsopm4glXxxk2RfJYbai8j6QxKYg9PwqTAvd8rDp6DlaCnn/2ggG085jSiR6PcaFMTDWOToNq3Elt5vFcA1cYnwM0HTmvunCxJ4/natpLavlhnv906MwnOFGj8zxc7n3CL5sKV3+E0POAmUv9nOMOjvkWmJNumDvj+GavBqB6qjHAbpCsWiPbVXI0j0MWC2cu3eeT2KKNO8+IawB9FWCGMa45d0vcn3geiri7BVksnnlcaOp1i1E41w7GFRG6LKg0CGNZZ3Yrg3uy957eXcwvuZL1VN8rd56DyfFNar3q+lFci6LQPNUVIg+0kPj398kihlK4LAl20EthrDGBAok1ztYuiG3oV2UExwRcNQV0XIJoMHhiYwXrWhAIj8iQoxwIqWjpuOIILkOI29g979jH+dDuBWHQ0+DNKzRnUe+J6BMX1clBkPXjzrz0ZgafnIig4FBm0yPX+q8gFvkbN515ERx+jJPrS53NEsRvPNSzQuRMVSY86DN8brC+ZYnjDEgq1NRhEGb7q0wSGvxcEqLiByBUpHfJNX00WiYLZ4kyRhOCyfhKdgVnfGL7gLPwbPCXMB4w1rp0/EpHPIUfh984uGuDsTFHb52nJUIr8WCvFOVkwhWiCLaxRf4i8zbNan4cKZNdk9B+0EGTDDQrDuTDGg1SyZPBFP0P2wzxipx/m7GoDW2ghpIiO6aCUvrjEI550OsyWdoYruo/lCTuySGnUPVThflDLZHPHczHbY7Hg0ZoRvoINbBW/t/J9zbuF0Sa8WZ8LaIrBCuk1meKhF2EprZEsdRRzkNgnErVgH4W/CE3dNS66cRAVthyxSzs4IPTi51D+lL5am5qFKo4tOmbQ/z6Ok5kYkyRsUtjo3ITQP8xGhTlSB5xkEhkZcudjPSdjYJOrURZLAUtbzIINnSwTBGbBVVaBBL3qzPOjdo+OKhJODAcazKOTc0FFQ9biQmO4PJ4LC6wotElpnYJxEWCwqPMhUhr7ljA8IWIKki78WNvs6YG+qRwL+8magCFKtTreCKL7Z3QoUbH6cVmJy3Hc2B5ijFXB87U8/20f5JWhEDFKxsT7/r0nx9U+xSFXkTG6saAhPCc+xQwZDEZPwGwMqFLuJRgEKxzlnsIx04IUia3vK1T6DiVHbUcTSIZB0/fcvMd4gVnZtWfhaajWu2PXWuQWhVRDtGq56HE9/xR3HtG066SIOO8VcZ5pVAuqEG5gLS1Ionz25B73PBq+DlVxCNsGg1S8Dc178g0MFyg7lXiXAUllVBTsRu7xLOtwCCYOEfjkIYEIUxVEYJgX5qM10HLxKS41wm4Z14MWxm4wW8dm4LPCI9xNfZko5GrFsxSgbjpTTAXb2e7IiDCesRtP2cULFKE7Xs2RHubp+PTWmRWRasSzu1U+KkrhxaQJRwilSGGOtabW0prKVAzsqR0r/S4MGiLY7Zl9H6ryiN3Su1jp8fkXjvsFR87YBNCF+tjt1QgPSYp4uxWDHsbZe4cotRLkNmS55sp0vGjEE1aGRcDMWtVjTyf/MIzl2ecXy/3ByVW+Xg5sSaYXyxANznj+YGZpfxHmUOHrs54hktGxlFGLWFzwXO/zDabhM2DSRP4NBe/aKMREGf2eDye1WeZBrM8SwA7dzlqsUCC4LkzeTygQoVswXUr1Prm3yHpWWGuFrj29hJzdc+L5yHgPppvE8uxkWFap5Wmfi4TOvmNzcXUzMUwPLneBFqiUTLIk8EgjzkBNG45K4+jEZlNymAIv3KcgsaLW7qeFUXjR8Hen9jgiCNM9XtU2zhgZQM4ffWNo1e1xlF7ITCvEBbtcE4FLykVEKcAEFm5nfWI2PxPDZlypy2d6FgjaL+ZZYHLcYzN86BgrxnHCJHJODKxYYaHrhO3H30Pgvad5o7bqDyRGnReNa8E5jTgDAIa+U8gNmXUn+7Xu5FRaxxyQAzy3MLASQE2L4UfzICDIs2SoB5Ps/I8GKhIWmU6F6EzKYiCDzYNaTw+ANGRW/s5xnZu13ExTc5b4WE/5MDw7LRzKWSGKBJNNhif5o7To8wSMujbFA8PSkcXvEMmHyPD20GC48gmblAC+mF0iYAt62oWQEZuOpa9DIZlMVdIp7XNQTEZxCFnkkxGsWQ5cmp0dzy7pGR/jM31ZFxkK6eeBwXztEEGW0bb3GqtwnpC6GxuLjdTMtDbBcGuNGEo9WZLuFLDSaR6oZt6MQLIcttN863dSyD4xw8FMNeI7WuTKuY9DwvmKV/4ySABqrRBHR1SbuyEy/HzitfxJOPe2mbhaXoz/rUEuhNXV1PjsTBJVKBolkBPcoInxdKmKLPIHxfL2nseEpqdyxpY33Bg69QWnnZTJM0dBAMNB5ub2c8D4VlzSRHR6pqwdXMsm742hkO2SjUdwLVDIYNyyh38sXAGfKuM0F7rzVbWCHYx8DwY2HuBDNaSvzhkHjtzv3FlIpu4sGDjtC8lnTTREYLR+6o4+sgtjSplgdoLXAZ7uoaoGpsTvg3uUqg8BFcjJIgwtR5FvMqzVXxV2bMwKDDzwEpSj2cG5iUrUGp+1MEzE5CV+cw2YenqjJ47INGbuMlxstbXsQfHsrqMNfmDK/V7JUlybAGNg1iTET+d6u3nTT0vBYWqnBv3mOYasb4s0aLk+NQSn0qtC5gOiQmbHP+jHyyd9Rnf9DIz8o1MuTACMzDxO31pBnq9iEzQ4kBr+puRE96Pe+Gd4hpRWR5ukysE+UE5Gd/7tDTdHgY7c7JKJ5hSmIrBzXPl2F3+xrczv3TwTLh5hi4Cn8eeB8tchDuO87B79XX4x7DrGtKRpiiKUdTt1uH62ubuhe/r9SSHO3mej94MuxD/CkG8et69rcFfQWFfMz+f/kYiUI7C8OvQ/SMae9VeVW3X2/tsCDjCsgijQbIVPHPehl/yMMzL6DAOja0Cfvbhq95W11+QZXW9LdOYOh4MvyiACSWJ849fRj/ZHShJKrK3XW1XCLPGHVmY9WSU9wKSwwiRUqAlAgs7BIXbQUDb+1VRNN0MvYMlwyhz5JIDvquKsXirBVtAwWGXc99wSw5xN0gbJOro+avn+NcNMU/q3ve5tJO3ypmtFIuGf7vn1IuFZpjleQzy/KcvozDuMheWZ56Y7P1YbF+o6hKtYXSWNIMGq4oKWuSPITRJ+FV6YfTm+yM8kRcGlyeDqD3644kbSaqgQbbrquYDi0d2u1EgHYLLcyorft3tPDiy4MiyNHt8wIe+KuwR0kPMR3JUlhG0gwJyHs8Qbf31NE0fH6RpU4z/PhRdh1vDfQ276FH06IoVILgGHp/3t3YfNXUQ7mrvNZ/qcHTRE32CqNp0NzSFJY/SGaoMiaLkOV+nRaP87eMTGiEjKT3vhSg3/pDGZ8qO8jfO07nUTVi01d7PH4qfP/DP8rhjUsZIUahL5/DWXFSXRStqWnmmj/cblD7u5PW5shiZlblUCObF3O7q1ixVstyY5WpY3RMXZOXDyOHl4/gGS8MT66VEtpzIGHU+XU+Mrf/qeI290QrwpiTwraDYSw3YbzR732KypouPO5uuqdu+6cYZBfHPJKCboID0c383D8z8j2ODQGdJk94P/9YGx99cVBizhCnlkhjnZC2LY7tp++sTYvm4TDpPRfoft78ms8g/M+G8jLhFEXDDB/lyrhfo8eAbpMUZBcVobjCoKyLEHFxa0fN4PKcph5d0PpZ+vQnP3Ant1Vl3dBr2tDqjxzMn9C5tcfHKiJP5yB7PnDBNdmIB9hNMv1Hm8cwD6DjtA7X8qjeSvS+5W/y6/RB5ofPMm+kqG6t2POw/mTe28HjmyeR9sUHK2hvfi3SCh31CB+60xzMnnCbDLtcLGHxJWy9iZE7oUl+8eubMROig29rBYK3XcBOhey2HHs+8mAgdftBwQxlgI6Fb95rOM39Ce/OfQsfqnJM+a9UGwfexVHo888MtWUfJ0r62tVE049tNVDWHHs/8iI7a/m3anMsSgzC3vuJw9GbwfW7TbD0ej8fj8Xhuis0tt0UyEhxpkYw5zjBdMDZtmhurbN2G24cwB+YRCWbmTZJEQuDMBkK4nSxcFoX7k7J5JDKYUzAej2fVOV8ZrE5JegHry/NKarQeJVF+i3eG54my+8ZRUX0rKV0P0RXAJV8HW4+0JEZcljvlu7DpwgvfQWeoyQX5phfn1xVSmcf4C/VW/R98vZ4LmBQF37qv9NL5TVdNyOyV/yzbyNqsbrPs+gFtxByL59IfjAyCaW+0MEbddF1RfNiu57GshsXFHVyPtMnDprGkBbqhG6Vu++FxUBdd07RHKXC2d0l+SbUn4lrRHs+8cZ9iOwNF8fy1TE6QatkM6qMM+mj3RVvX9Xa9Xbz8pWieNU3z+uWr57a+yJtwlMcxFOwTbA53sLGlRrjYyPE5r6+WHZ7q/f973j1HCBYGYThvtK4P1HUZJQlX2IjOu4uOWrxrDwd5sV09L4qtl00TDrlMibbvdqDwEQmGojWNGItzKxXD+uXPRfH62dbLX7aagsulOMJ3KDHydzvfo1lePS2LMvkSdn+EHWPwtTuMd2L88I+oTGBPwdnX0ss8ZHpwrZS9nxGPZ0hXJO9Ww5VOuJzSmxB39XWY86a0zFMUoRQs1eMwnbilVlyCN/6YECGiwYggb7heCVIUXmYqPcsminZ/3kKRNPryMQ9zBuVugtl6iKCAczwjuPPlqRZ5fgSWeQEAz8pzvmzJdm6rILC4UGBr3xKu5zGL1pXQrwmzmOIbTzDIS9ZHmfg6/3IMwxkv49KYrqHkYuf5TJx2tvZt8G3tH27t+BiBXXw7F3MiXPbjJlpMZtagTiXC7LqGi0YfJifXvLmlpmJYJ+ONo9sFuaQ8yJu6gB/pXn8gZloI0TM/+o8s3Mf8xbleEu1yZ7o257/Ybx+Y9cwd9aFgr4+3zb/7nauDMFS9knCGi9d3uAm41A0Louz8W7eUWVqYY/qiLfZD2awIYRBwCjcna3PitrOdH/oKIpj+7PSE+X7M3F3qJpz/If92mYUOKRsh6/S1UuTcPBNy0UgYmLb2m/+H29xCDedn37nfT5qJ8xWTfcl6Qj2D0Jxe23+aZRY6PREb0O1c9KdfL2M1ODBhG3yQJlpA1HtNxycRpRjLv3wsavZyFunCHMCQh4OIbnP7cjXsXMkMz9gnQRZDtuSxRkWsmypRcamMKgvPv8sT2LhXCoOgLvgaDmxkz8Uk7JPGPJaOl9nZyQcHOM23PlRmbjgUvByvKTJCFicdrJCqy6FsmOT8or6L/3xxGReMZMTBEOlDO0szd0GWwm+5jhffzWrxh0oW8lmu9HFsGEIIgYUR/KqM52a6VogTMUSCBh1w0wu1vNF75EJhaOUjPAVUFDDrw9mMQRB8TO1DyKzmOu97CJr1Psrh2PKe0Ztteo5wsCyRmhlmjZ4U+5L+fHF5BLUF5QKthIIgg6Sb/URpuMPUDId6J9BJAg3JyLyM1rEv+R12+Smlonrk9jF8urP2M3jJSMvT0VUUHDAmGXvAnEq0r/on+rQ2ndAWG6tvyA0flW+M07LoFH7vu79JbVaIjPKmSC9S6KSZ7EoEOxSW00KHQ+atnEOhQIGxx0JeoIadaAz+Z50bclWwAJyqhcptAp9qFjgPDpNOuIcdT7DElpUigysc2yV4PPw6NFewtuDtiJsgOJTN/fMd0fliUcKRNqtDrbqTa1DMP+qu/HO5jBLKlXi6FD+mb6hJsQFL2UOpwFciDYxDtKxR5Mqd6mvON7a2d0iTfjpf6KjpJseoGaqTSHLOXQavG7ymC59BY5s6oVNJT9/wM/9upZvR8vHL8ZwxbotQFwuED/M6igzGWqpizrhqlTUstSRXL3SnNB021DXWeaHi9UBR0lFOn8Slrm0fW3u1/x6bos8S9Byh0/3h2CzeO6Gj3MW0SlW8MiA9fc7lb6ozAfmGPK7DQ98IundcnAZHqoGe27u9pLBaoATG70QFaV4gv+JBTk3S2FPJqyGjsVONzSkO2iIuLrd1FhU7GlpIA5ohsInbrT6OVqyytOzlCTA0CCXbtgH28p27dsaR1CDPMETkVY4fV72GGAWsaPYlKgQ/phxC3hiGewo/wBatF1Y25/9c3pAgePVWUVZb3OxWAyasUhu5uZj6isLnFVzLz67oCrZpoSMy8BiCJgN3QbDj4lf1p3nALU5Q6Jyuoy1Pv5YBws6tnUIBSaWlOKh6CZNVMxFwwcvRTEmGAMoTtkUevqdnAPGke4jostTpLIa9QfuVwtbyCJ1SWAAWcnjeoISDpa2lYE+oDjgk58Xfi7W0nk7yiz+feILVKo08C+Kih/WyZ/hJL3Q6ug4rqRo88+ZiobtQz6Gcvmn9ygudB1wgBqyDOeMZ1O64GQh1aRqhnnujs56Ks6hm5/F4PLejs4/Ml1AqzdKplcsrX7V1vgHrsZsdhhsvUZ/bDYhwD0D9Pqs1s8mm7LCCo33ft780IE7OdC5BsGGG9ppRZ58Je4jd4SqinkzXdQmc7UqQ4VHZYpQZ8fvPg+ZUze6K1OyHqa4NNSPHwM4yW0ffMsDY8xbKoDjZw7n0VBzlvjxnb4t12M7aa+sMjonQlcNxWTgZcr+kQ6UnGiWD9fArTUHLIAoO/nIEor/YiUty6lRPad3Z4UhXxhNphmWBkWFsZ5kevVz826d+UJVX5+C1sYpHY2NevBBB9sGeI/MccoIAZBrjwuV5eGIgygzAqgH94BmfbLnqo0wrHPFsL5IhT2t6nAXrQuU2GHymRx5q/aPGBWYxcFc0l/E37TjdRSyXImzsNsCK6TrF2kV97vN2EtU8UsgY/iUXlAVezSSMvzDoCs0FOPFFEU7UlAcLyE5oigBfR5Errk9lZ+WOIeOU00a0YU8e9xz04mSpgoc0rm3So5k58k+XjMFTPg3mH0fBoKwhjTZzBT9eGJmczDuRbo4iy838c27B2CwNxlqG+ZIjwxPO5KD04QJobWLPXOxTC5ImlzxP8dC0D/1r7tPUIKm5ly0lBErHebXpcvCYD476iqmFgvO4MMpTyAuVFKQ6oWRrdr65UMRopsqdFK+wpfja/I3fEW8aUj0L4zbzfVPwGdC98KldJbrggzMpXedMHBxpbsYg4SKbKRc5w0EmCWDmQZ3x9YmmL39zN92SZyErsuwP5cBs7Ydw+onDEE55tNd5aNF7xMVfDQbHdpy7cohTrQbQfePwuafQMarOQqJlDobB8YCHB8H3Q9j017hn8CD10l8sSZRmJGaWGCpK5owkYZw6afBJ+TuZLwlNAl2Grcka5KDP9tR0mosSS0eanaazHzZjoXsKj2gTjb8o13tUNTBkqE7TyY6TNnkhyTCh/WmhowfTdHo8EGVquicv2iXpWUIR1YsaZxyuDpCHgBnFtB3n8BxxshTsDw5V57VCHFftx051UQqYBJMHlttWBE8JXf9T/cx+cLJtpxmgJn0+7cUQLY9yB5dE2w6BFLgEVK57oyfGUaiSVDJmD4CFjYDGqjI91CtAlVVA7PfCTi4FLnGw1XO1OlirkBmTqxthzlCmsbPWqSUTfnrBD7Co03k7NAdsDwA1NCBVLk6yM98KbcqPO80fXwRzNu48dtEIezVBzBFQCDRMXNkFzdtUANaehQ51hXvwk51cBqyX0k3DfWR2KwHUDcDDja2zmisuWLViefQByqWASgvfjNzwmyZ4coJ4GwxyKMbGRBSWKO7Xxp1QYQ77drD2GsWrfUGOb2ePJ56W0o5OPxooSnVfLhItX31kGcretlGIcj6mTstt8up4LRBrVhE+MKwV2MP4gdvHwd86tRzEz7V79dX1JHo8Ho/H4/F4PB6P5zaoM7Xph6Sbo74b3XMb+O6646u9rrk6sCuMXQI594sZNVbPZd8Tgau4QQDPrbDOLg7AaO9sVwJ2S/XjBIuKOscjGH5/5AyeWyFRs95rHqxSTx2HfjiemXLsaUHy0AR7Zlj38jY/lFmTQUE35LwS7GrcibGW0C3keSnc1A6EXw0GO5TAfLdlIZvX+LVuMMFzbV5D5jSEbePYK4R7RQKmBcTcyoBGqcLpuU7yNKxq45rNMq1Js2JYemKTTCacrAKaqO1mXywg5pYiaL5a+mhCkS11SAWb2exg59ZzTWKO+PdC5+xWguSdFqJxE4vmLXRSa+uc6MZUsamTQfmck+Joo/XVViu9lghImhIW6desXJcAHxPl/NHc63SqKo41HVf2heGw7oWu5gzS8WRfz/Xg4t+A24OVakh0EArOgHQvDVz0yeybEnDqZNULnVuWtS6DTRlsktpTL3Q3QzrOUna1qnQWY5vL625inihIt6F4Sa3aWzUNmvuo073HwSr1MS0RfX5hP/+cWySKMGOs/fxzX8HiArF7odBeEvwa1Hu8Ko53uHGOPdeiT7eUyWrGFaEb2gzewZtRuJCui76Tjlg3CQpbm0hs8lYtaPTtB8L3dHo8Ho/H4/F4PJ6Hz6HvJVtRwmCvYuYtZumjRcJOHkY54NdDV2ks5YdHUzWQc5rzfcMVSe8HxJpvsqvLjDMCPasCV4mJgl9tzY5+HaHVIAz2V003e8RkuHXluoaj4I1WCKuqk2vvepYdFk1uDSuwYhUjfpabE7KI2XhWANbkwpZzxJBtq5Z1XAozCAdvbDzeWXqWH2WWVmuEwZZdWxniEvU6PC+JRuH9zLaVQUJnS5ryYNVmDnMxalZGoemWt07Kd9j/OTazx2beMsssx1aqkNKSuqiOsmKH27DHZjk5jrzITVMHtSSvUQ6ukMwx1ltO8LiMqLNdSsq3Wyu2YseCCYJdZtkGNivWUUdRY0WO3dvxUg+IJUM/1/MEUWVZF1ZvfK/+YkjWsPEzZD13jBc5z5xYO/F3Ht8GbELcYzPiqghegzkEModYTJMgZfvKMtKYyUwrD/DJ4PE8VHwXgcfj8cyZT8lxknx6n2D3/rf30acoig7LskTFtf8I0mWw9rmWiGg9WY+i8t1OHMN/GcdXqWwGf/wPDYdlHA2S6DiBv3dtV0ZfFUIelmF86F4LvxhcOYpwMcQcBsY+jx15HobDr8OvYV5GCWLKSmLEsA9/CsNw9AUb8HWITSMKscVNtd3W+9s1ad/W21X18vXLMO/TJDrEvRqI5yj/8jEP+QkpfkUqHHbPXXAuJPwxhGqv2Rk1Z3oek2PGfD3PY/3Rv7Aw4K0o9qoXuwiDbLebbdtmVXT8R873DrpcsbBrd7hbetR/UcD7VrP18petraIpKsSCUdnfrhAAOPr3KH2aiiA9qDuk1xMl3ZM8t2s3SNYLshHWISPJzfNXXccbLYqMqOP6vtBXyz2rwGO3P81lMwq2nJvZSdPHB4+zNEv58LytazyF1c8ffv6Ap4rPVRG6dbwvIP38+wH/sjbbyNrdF7++aBHGdv1WT2PxEo93FaRHzjWuRrK2rXfbFo8srla8fvnq2ctfhuHLpsGDEkJhxHhcv1N/mK4sqUuSsog2Js9Olj5O06cMiCAgaBP84an+sN11r553zxGUPfQ5NAA0SPJpHWq4YyTbDJHN4ItPPO8a8QDP81H+ZoTHXP9jECGE8IhgG0XvH6dPFYUsfQpNs7tXIMnwT2VYUadAuRjDL7iVJwpsp/xvB9E4jBDAf43u45QmQKrs1tISuhMGpFvAv8VDiQENXkbv8ZesJ1B+7V9cnA5ekc5KASSB4L2H5vE7k/G7JeT3R4zAe+jTC/RW1G1Xhal16UeFCcP64Pj8HoR16LqQBQvh3tl7PJ5zmWufp2fOXJw7DzffoNovKA88Ho/H4/EsHflKvdPiWUVq10HRt+zjlZrq7VlJPkDgak3Rd3ih8yycIPiLWzsgvjfTs2iC4LMznaDLvPB5FgXX1eKbLKrZac9fu9wvYHpWmyDItOBMEHA9EHtrWQLo63aeRSH5gtBVruXKX0rpc+c9nrnDD3lz4cooKMte6DL/ARXPIqHQ2V5LM0joKv+hY88iCWyZ2woNChkpdP9y4/EsiL7FAKGTkV/YpqVOejyLgKu36F0L7NFyte8roz2rkx6Px+PxzAeuZDGPNRtuFcaaIqGpwTeYH9z7tp/eLrzhHOo1LZwyjgvAvjci2PE/SZxDc0z7k0uFHvPUJUxCYgh9WNP//KOdczaFuZ7eykt/auylP2fm3nYKXeeEM9A7OxEQ/5aQOS/tcnOSs4l7d+DiU7lzi4yCCN9owVt6++eYLzEfIyqMTR+j2dMFvvHMJIxAwheh7zNBPR6P587wys5zfRZYJUsUdpLohet3O3EZl+W7Ha7qwbU1uKJGVTQvf9niyhhgm6+5F6e+8pNEKMcHA74RfmjrdPy3Ez9xS3TwrW9j6+Vrvo9e8a32ru6cZ5FEh8k6Fw3RUh9xHO/EhzEX58hHXOuD743D/zNEp9qu9orqLd8o7/bq6st31kBQHyHlf7r04U6JEBD9LhyF4eir3mDnlel7f7t+awtybGxy9Yw0TT9nezvROisjSbKm9VFK+2cMcH386eV5W6+krurtep/+24PfD9L0cRDYC/xBmuHOPlS80V+0FAnvlcsfWMK9rferKtOVcdEjrpSAvXkFaVvVz+PDnxqtkmKLkvC2+e6+LSryDBff5yIHNZdKQTDZX48fH/zOpQuIhYJduyVP+NsqXuqOK65SsPui3kUkNjZb7LhYQJpdsXwHbrlRWEx93AvIuDLDZsu/o3/Tx0jBg/PDyC+W2p2/nBvPavM0eHq5AM3Ev5t4lFoT3duRvruogE0Ghxetf8K1P47w0HChkb2f/9z7c6949uxZ8UxaENGaifRp+vcRVQL/8av3uBgInuM85wcgZ2e35SIk2/v12xfVz8UWl9/4OgzdyQn2xGv9n8fZ5ou6oqajroLSlQIGXJOD7aupxzB/URRTqZziYRa2+lHHP8a4LL9zeZJIP+d1iriCQqmhgLSuR739gQuW1NsFPJc7O9S8MZKufARVDmVO6ItrTwH7GGu62cL/bv3i1xdcJeYtkl7LxBTYopBAeM2zpvkjjh65RU6+I4y1tb4PoKwyJG+NtJJSEri+buK5FCfREin0N/jm/J1GM2jy9sP/NcgwLVODwulZ+F+8s7ODaOPu17lWFIuFC7m4bL74zFXc3OcYv3LKD4pvYXgWx0Wa9EfjrIaeg872nAf7mD0/DH4GzNKz5fYDmyBMVry26de9WHaazr3ukLfjkrYLTnQiXkFRrFgRHQ6dYXUoh0jj729GeTj/l1O4cix2Ed81PcNivrs4DnQq9OtdaEXegNXUZ+y5W0A6LhYJhGI+/6izn5xf6js/bNjO/8OL40tB4M1w0eUvYgHpsADwIOuVXb5GaYm8QiDSqDMw+ov4aqjL7oIvmp7herIwI1OyNiZdxIXuGX6+P8Ez+xS3tmr31yDn103oppcymhdOrvR285neDKTVebJofOcGPpIc0QNfPnL7HnU1BnfxF07TU+cSuOcrEPGklwnVCK0UlllTI7r8tukyipbtvVgm7DsOw1D4bLMyNMgNJH3CTFio0H23heFkw28S2DiRKxYo+UTVPJ7WrnGHDEEumoGN1ylUjrvB8I7+OeY1GDyh3W8QMIbNC/XVBnqD3QGdAtm5mEC36yhgcNswZwykPjTLwVttXShLhaJkcdPRCpWvEIRBCRFI+KQsUOhaCLUyHkong2n9E+0n16Mz1FASGtLgu0tNugwGuR3kOB/iR6sArVFEnWFKIcod/ktoOQgYbgcCGgR7vb17zVBOXQ28gUB/ZYRSEzxeurFmrotHkOVuIBtOB/WkA2YpQLSYrLxNabqLi4ylAwmtBuYxi9gFCl0nAeFHV5iJsJN9O75eTE1L0ZA9tjhMTOPRmexpXtfpgUpQqLfRuFFsTlhQbvAylMos+Iw9C0eechshg9OuOoCQ0nYog6rn5hjbIg9pu4AWz+1wEWQS6UiWKwEbl0KpvkCho1DxYnUdVPkgDM2eVS3jCR5Z2WnNB2Q7P8MCiZKzXWydw8gqbMFTbcfWNIdSZwwUQrdBIcHPOehMEGUGMulKJuk40HmKl9QGf+bGydr0pZYDRf94FYUORRc1EDNonNDzxYVpWxRTLKnMAvtsfL04GJmdCgtsUWqyTiZnL6AjTUIGKHi567eTQsX80lqSnElr0Vp1nY7ezRORqX/EtLPzX5GLH8zGwqLCNOx4iVBbqkC8qcxXrnWOEuu4T+j510ZRf8JWVUddAf+och18UyYirVT6Uei+WMaq9k93fZTMF37hABKGSj6ds/rVh22w4meNYeclxeFIB7JDDlnQwAQfvpFbKaxxYEKXHTvPOX6MGrbhIR+UxJXrywPKJgpbivvoGHVnvSIgYblOFncn+xrmA8MFkpcgOGLRCb729i4rddIkgzasRMmALWp0UHvmgGqMfYkyY8dKogMWrPvpXLnD8/xBXgCrb6rD9U4ViAtSjWoTOiEDfwxcNuZw/n2Yt0ORcjfc39nKwLYcdmG+oIjrBQEZRrlKwzjQKxlN0MZ5P2iIYj4M/pRBkn9YhTnKWWmeSL4ihPJoEHUaWS0RJhsY52nmyvq640Gc43Seh6MoymGMwuFz58QNzyJCP2EXx66qGPdyxWBd2GEeonrJT6/qcJlA9EMVFOFo+SK3CoyLvpNQLTrjOczv+T5cOVXhuTUoBc8tvViwOeM5zE9SfvNC9+Phqmpn0ErUF4A62tyGpnCZ9IUze34QUIyeW7xe2hcw16mNbmTD4/E8bFBUNeyXXUa2Xt6uAzFuOs0LmAdl1zS3i82ciL4Ovqrrups0y1cHlWBVUGTqcV1GLm1OzEAd2LjZHOBI9XK0OhQRjSURZ7kqaBKHRd0NDywdHIq/FfPLFaZWtBQPJzOM/dfqul61jjrLkCBoHvA7R+dPXL6as6NL8dLMIVo57TYFZI698YvSch079NdHb7gbHGSDoshsSN6GQvpaZFAgImjA2iAiz2sIAHUWeoyR0RxeSPNB8mGS2HzEsauqQdLXDGo3scSC5iAqJw4PGqoCzW6xDufKJpHSoc3ZM1/c8fpZAfXBa06NaTaDkr6hXZ6YxT2D20j0JhXUXHidd92WAKS4y2dnmC8MNeb2V4gF85mDoaleY2C+9rM46MxlPf5tNBSGONjiMU87S7l0SQwTAph4dnY0o6YwOSPDJ1qwPFJpZOFAzB9hw3V7uKqRxJHO4IQPxJCO+p4cJI6eFVj96qzuGcTEPadg2QaGL6VmOjrlsoD5MZSuZPCn5VY4+N3UD+flcs9ZVe6SOsCWeoeTYTXD47teZoALTif5oveHGKAr3+SXyU67cBxOUFJpclZINfiX4aQKNNfET/zskpD9BkJEpwX05CZ9Jse4vhQgo8hJxTBYsHCvCXcpLrRExWvC/vET6bgKILKueLGjefcFUHdwmpByLBhsmtDhl1JU3FQ+UlM86AZQ6HCgXGdRnDJx8WMtQLNGsAeuWvCvheiwUQoIDZxFgwNeL4NIhapyb9GvOY6CgsuHKWQLAL9d7SmbsuzPElfaMirLInQVki5F/N7pAQ3qlVloBDkP/abck4TMvwNqnM8snDbGM/c+Sz9NkG4bz1zWnkJn/8jpbPDJ9XogQHOlaGt6iLMgTuhcPeF3Xo8ziSl0jAB25jgKNuTihNBx1p/gnpefFjqEy6I3WhqhIxQ62/cRXRGS4LEzLaTlnVBukCSc7JaNNR2kYjqdWGHDrrfSPg06Tvjl7GLLbTtJ5SmD+t70vmHvDUgjYWuPkdN0f0HoMgkQwqMmVSiqGdrcTJ3S6zsmrTzmC0RwRRkGmqrHrG2WReiYDJqnYL+l6K+eHakc9gT0ST5HUGUMg2RcPUqhz1A/W3cJFcTjz6yaKDAhWxXFkVN0rIPZpHVEEwlbOREGEAFWaGo3d9Owe4CTknf0e7CVQHA+wiKFeIWUGjYRFDTQK2UVzQUu94VBAmpcN1Fehy7geEehTmaw3y+Mmqu34AE5f+R6aWHbDQpBt8B61VxRqO+kyJA2zDFaxRAgl6MuS81CZbCd2cc+Zu7LD6wpuchtOCx6Qf2JjqF3sB331tK17WgwIYrHF/6Tr59BRp0vSHF/hpXFsWXOzISpsdOCChZGWqRQn/cPk0yR41Nkin2FCDXxtAvDcAFV0W5ogpxzHvDgty8o0NjhFua0vrB/qc/p85j2on43UF7wtDw99zEavdGMki/mGxt15Q20gMAqEanvE3uXxp5bcZnQXQdpL49nFuZV0Fv54/FcDapyu854O7zQeTwej+e+6Zaj/2nCVYVjeWnvVDTpR3mYREPXlO/CVZtOh/qT8k59podmtyRcJXSXn1+6dSDmDTOMXZYfZHCWqwEjXNgY5HjocUmIr4jPFUm9ao//dWHOsUeIqbBiw2BJ/B93Wh9uEVHHo9j34NpOzCTe3092tB+6ruDxAg/TQjfDwvDuE/QLWEL+fthzr30wFTi+tzqUAfIW+8iEbu59qUiMXjZMorFFrstq2LZusLfJ2t180FI3mWP4qWzkaZyYGq7DfmJHQylB4qAZpLGu67ea7ltVHFA1tzbBEZZBAZVeYE8fDwDcySt2Z/LRzFZK1XEg0oZekXvzzxC3dK+GXVF6aw4xwBFq+TT1szqAXV5RwGm4R62McyqdYsOJDPKj4VRLYBiQ2Jo7S1seIx9sRzQvnkjKUYFwyPPKw8dHnehO6Jz1KrCLKPMFpyDYUi4667lRUaw4VI+UsSTSJbjlMLVp1tIsodn6M3yCUc/UHAqTsFGwB2UnUe2XUlR0ocC2guAzzbhEEvzOsubxIBpwWlRHF8wQWxRRwS3FaP0cYPLZdC27x1Ua8GOjG9EOgjXu5x5zLhVpLYIGSnWdEkFrWmCj3dgkocN5iIqELqLfZlxusIS0VwJ0libEOQx222CwliSw3EIRvEGrv3CWK76qacRFPDmJ8z+esys9GHgzq6fpCJ6X5Jh5uxChg3qh0OkfWuZIqWNpBAFwEsWOG8QDQgY1hvg4oYOUjCdNQuJqde6MxUbhhcELvudhx8EuL9fZrFQ40/xzrUEMg3ljfWK5eoZuSISqKh5TTvnn7a1Qp6Qy0DZcRzSY+/QeabogGNr6v6o30prblC9PyBHfqoHRFa8h6nISuiNqrF7TMZJf8ENJPVWno/rjCzac4xOx68dpM53OKGEUOpwdCya7tcy44gTBW1tWz359k34FQP4QmDQncP71HVR3WSxSoMARL8iL6IjIkRqmSropgyb0RqjuofQANh/TNQdk4+YA9/4G77SjRmO5S4f0xLN8h4vkFg3zveKg9HD3wvRdqZv6RF1gg0mLiXgRpCg6YUCF30pZrRARvq3rCkLjnk/IxD73ffnOFFWMnkyiRUNhIjUyG3irggo+YoqfXDxjCPu1goWVKpM4qXPmptp24a085YtfUW9YSSaTbhcy9Fo5RXUu40sPjk36or6QCEPWu/qJwTMgl9yc8uIu0aBeZ5LsefgsSUarQ3C1uhU8N2ZJhM7eDPKK7sdgaTqQikbDYR6Px+Px3AVlhz/sm27QPfCptg+P7v+wKfO8WJJVB2aE40+qdvV7z+pgs+iUc2icrxCo6UvWHtBEsx8GyzLKnO8L8twJOWcRYp+mg2rSzb4KtEGQpm7uxiLGXj2LgtMjxpqOcx1Wh90geIw4I+pcCNgXsKsD5zE4oaPq6GcdrgIvgkgzhwf890K3OmgahU0W0wiftSRWZglYrueoYXII3So9Lz840HRoBLpRltXKOUqbJk8CL3SrBme7lp1ycIX6TPTmii2jumqPi8cmRrNStFoVo362LaOtvWd10GRvl3XOas3tlxvO6rYJkEF+yXRLzxJzdGriqsfj8Xg8Ho/H4/E8SEL7VPnQt4FWjlJr7UXpKr3fT/Tu+657T9zZeVYEyzGXg6sD1zWStGnvRyRWin7thBCaw2xWg37ImN9NTf2EupXClixwX7z9yVmuAJzVdExJS4NvfHC8qlsdKi5oSnnLmH0rNOCPaPN5+YfLwjH+fq79ypAH9tl5lazpKuUcJK7RZAX3IVT/EuKqYLPVe6F7vEqa7omiDA1Hocu8plsd3OoslLyCmm6FVg1TrYAPy4YJna/TrQxs9TH3XJ3uV2e9AqitnWCzF/yGmFMCPStDIiWBXENZ+z+zWgls1rAeGPz7HpOVAhnXccu2oLNaDaDeVJNbuYh7KHRsP6BatFovW3s8Ho/H4/F4PB7PHZIc48+Z7wF36ds326LVWf/jvknuJb99P94PzIWZvz4IL1x9NhJxvBPHk8/kzE7vhd+4XABleRhFJSJ4WMYT8py/Yfh1GG5sAi2nF2yU4daJr7NPk1AFl+Qw0i4n73b413VbRVErIATDb0OVpwb+pL/hEf/ROv4UgiNmGF0XhuFoJ4+5ikh42Vg1NOixpbn5foKUz+NDhKLjcjQYHF50E9NEyfqnyKKUI5AnOSIQhlsvG4B7CIK6CpEnU0EhCbBFYh7SXxStIyWR6yIf5W9GeQeGVZql2cG/CuMsdcGkSfokiCFzF5QJHI7LuKLrlWQVIw3aer/N/vqcKRcu5a+NANlwGA+/4i9snj9/9XyrqPb+3KvrtxttlmUbbXtlIA8O3fGRjNckwyO0W5CZcuxS+AnwuXMyM5MLdd3agXNyHml6ANHIIGBPnc1FuMul6eM0zdqs3djMfs/qut24tlAxiMdpS3brut6urkidPvvSz4xq29a78vi2rvbwVxV4TIom7KqwqIvn7juIZ0nFU24eM5ys2t7fritmMMPB/6vnTVE0+fPqxdlbkudU/tqNdhO/llscZRliUm/v/1JUVbV3tbBkmVKcAeFe2jaDt238IYjtom2LPa5IOQvQSRYI4oJkrGsJK2iKl3lzXq64m/jM5GOeu3955uWRGtAaXSO9GY5QpkCRUyEibVG6bEzuDQkJddiwGHBSdhZf8fJ4PB6Px+PxeDwej2e1aU5PVe3cx9xKTqL2eOaIepxs52wcsLAxFrcOrsczLyInbWcm5WuJcuLfhfPMG/dSb35a6EquBULOiKPHc0ucTEnoqPX4JhJfUaYKBHxFCcUsh9DlzuO5PU7TUaYoZFEKE6tzfOtXUvhZby83aFB4sfPMBydKsUSsDAcxmg1BcDw4prqjoHFlDUhhX/nzeG6NEyUWr5yUAWOnj1QVWjVoLHT8GqlvxXrmw1TxyiK1RDE6qHmgF5YldMnxKi1+5Fl+XKlpometh8FbWBW0DyBtXKLPvyvvmSf9dEkYgyAMuBiDcK1X1uU6+8abhNPjmQNaPz6lJuOK8hz2osDFg5jdJNB/1HbUe17mPHOkXaGVAz0ej8fj8Xg8njslWdA7iCvwYuPDe/dyDp2Gc0sUBrREKfzwMvsHYaaMm1ol6cJlJeImfGfrRTRFd2phk+Q4SWxlCpFzVYxh/N2dnQG7frKefHr/26NHZXT4v/XyUHY3got0vP/t/JVVkinKOM4/xjn+YnsffRh2XdfYX1Porf2q2i52s7ro8g73zbRaR7AJbhKew3D05WM+ynHH8GBp0xRVW8Nr3bYb+iP1/nZV7QWf63q7qIOmHHV5MkgOo/Xf3ieIrZLtMHrkVicZ5WEeIvThc4TKtUUQlZevX9ZV1XYn0mVtjT9wnLz/lCTwHq2XvB/G7gm2CGiUd1+Hfwy/MpQ9BFEUTfUyz6vqOWfRr+HyUXSYcHESW5NEq7woNXhXiMBW86zh5V8/e6u3+Nt2czN7e/D7wb+/ZkFQNGlalEjWddzHevT9kVaN0YWZNJYqW7iL11o4QHAVg5+LD1xbIA0q3MNF3H5ZjOvTIk6eh866k7BzKPHw4cG2J6CYFgYtTPJYD7Sxv13Xuy/q04veyJ250JoXe07u8eQVeAybpguHeCafaDWkeCd+fZHEcVEgrieSfW61hIfhwmJQHTUFwpha3iQNnv7LJytr93Fx/df7VYUHl9psz636w0WH3CIciMPozRPonSiKizis6wyaC/438YO3t216hJupcXWuIUL9QYqCqy9R9X35OJIOfRKtc5Wm5P03PdHhbvb7QZq1Vb2ZtVAaXIflLZUiH/4/7R5wE7wPRoZLOVlkQBcUcc21RHg/SgBbiYQgSrinF+0+1CwTt1+TBOEgShYUohWGUD953jzNilZLklh+7O7VLZQg4R3B95b57iNgMeDiV+vQaEkUsWzKu0FS1I/iumWqcjGWt1Vd4dpI0+L1y1+2cG2WHl8tCCrePGaCRhGKszhPkC7RJSLn8SwQX3v3eDwej8fj8Xg890cVVOx95Of0zGKudEHtTOfQzu2zi/rS7g2I9eorOAyCW/Ry3wuhZp0q21ZtbQL1jlH0tJs3/P5yRNE7N3B9OXIu3DjyaXBghpVbySQImLgyzC8d7wR9ZJg/ve/uLOeJCzXo1244QRAMnem2DG8qMW3wzAwrt5IJEla5xyReRM4tjrEw7Cxomayx0OnoFEHwxZmuCV/cug3vf3MGxc+9mqgUmAo44/uwywtivn7uo7z0cKV2vmQ8OAou/BrIrZgSuuRNTmWSd8OcVbk4hq3TLhw4shpKEeQFall8iYbngiDOA3pLcJ67PP8yymFd0AkM7q2HOtjFfWQ4MbkLBMFro9YGAwWLQSSD9TzPs4DjhAwX1Yow6ODpMasB1Pd9AFbhWGMZViC+PLqsfnrnxCnihP2/VZUqjVcGJSXjrvHTytnOEQXOnbuWannY2bdegm9ypFPMZOeogSMtKWJvBJo9P31hp7WTUMAg/+97C+CqNzgq9QY/rDgKallE6TNnOOpQjeNKJhDfTo+euTIFBy/0QXf8MTpZEDzXueWA94DnFFvcgLT1isD01AYFVrGIurQrv3WZdBBxiRp+GcUWDBk/oThC65Oqi0snlTBB7QSo40sE4JS1Fziq4M/cawOHLsYKjpfqgpEs4AFH3GRsIodBC7H5jCvX8odTg8EHXK+xlw/1sj9ccLqMqTMGWJZ2PQWuH4+WhG/QEVMRO2962JKiHoM+LW/a73AZU0IH3aOLDZJPkSxgw3MAmg1bxkMGZPU6ilIWlyxy8UDgVNdkGc/Qfe+q7APQLdBx6O4BDz8MDEL1vzA4+pd6qpIwK4MiKK4WBSritAPfJnQ8YZh5Wuj4LKAsBvNPphuS8Zb1uE7FfOlxGgaCoIN5dZtNmBI6JBGy3ZVeulbaX9ASjVuJCHIfclFAHpw/52AwWLd9v6XECJ23nzlkpdAyRVXWEQ7dGTiRpuMKdS3OuqcOQqfSuMfMdj1u7Gf1AlcTvV+o0X+HtuMTNL63lSBjNxViHKGcQj452zliySFNJiWz2/do0iY1sypQKNQoiBYHV7yyxaAjFa+DdZS8/Xlu4auvyig4++kUVRREgyFu0MKKVRj+o/kdN5UEbi3YME/4h9Alg8ZVbE2fKRi32om5WxZUA0d8lCLL1cS5EqStihCk50KSlO0Gt7olNvjnzOZCtXlW2t0VXV3L4oFjtCJhOrJDeKeBrQEW0XQPa4jblh0QusP5QgbBR0jSgguaLTZOfLZ1QBqoMmIh9GbiGjzaIlwkUic3ywLTkYLHBjdwtquB6ijYc7eQUoPlnGkk7m1wwpXpjWSAuIanORpb2KEZLG0pRnymIV/QkRRNB8/hx6r1uHdeHuQW0JcMg48q8S1aJkhypqKal+11hjvhdtzzp+rgUlAHefiehjDPV2ww5Q7IVFCB0KQ6H1nOfdRWsN3ojCdRfp8Hk/nzRSdPkK7a+JbnbmD3rTOe5EKhAyFrNVczUX0ezxTW1jwLiztnPIOqejNwSRCeHxlU9NSzchrYX6ymXOfLFaAF4IXO4/nRmX938D3R30g897khyZJqynD0xVpk5YpVWlH2gL9gSi8o4W6P6750wnD52PTNezn7QvTi0rQP+9Iy+xwuDvFeUc4xZtzdNNXuBUXcoh6Pv8w2ZzTSYRcBl+f42Nm1scGtE513pxj3Cl7z8SqXMkuZUuoq73+rA6PuRiQWFnWJQQz9pnIqubQLWgJ6kutG6sK7GItjEbwywyqjx5O9m9pfeNPLSMmHmA++fuPx8zkS2/Sg79BDCr/RNf6y4Q9ddLrv9qSe4pmp9AxH+RtKbR5ysBv2hSYMIHyNcNBJEGmUduJNVT0IPP7hLjq0sX4E00Cxu34+zlUp6Nw8YWOeq+KZ9ta5nec5fuG8JtjfFk4E5AeTTX+v4BseGl3nT2k8VxCmgnXh82sNEj/keMwpRcQ5JRA62Uj49rHRkaEzbjRUY44ajTX7vuIoerf96Jo4YjYRnhzigMNjCteGAjkuS9THIsMgONIFmK3Oipvzh07unrjhqDJvBAdLMvNlZpS/303TuVyYH70SUvqMJ36wUsWLQSgyFKhT2YjIJBCOEKd/trkp4xaIOoo1n00hKgAGG3Fqp6woVbLGRjP2IIkmS3mHixzbGTqR81d93Q7+IL/YcvKd5gzEFvAzOXc1p6BipPv5eksAooSiQ3cF82p1QzSsJ6NFZxkyXyRrCJcmlzKcyEsL5LGdGdfviZ6AITZpsKXTciZc7CS5EYSKISLax7Dh4l48qzJGBk4t155eotBNm8OPF+AXwZhj4waFnLkIufcsguClnaElWvcyYKt3hJcDJAQi9VrP7KppOqWmq9PJOEf6rJr8KCtDptNY6KyMdOTBY2xx/oCWY0/EzfDQMacch/i5WU8MD6ZmSugGSeQqDRC6EUStxRUte3CR/ozDDrhN+tohm/LJEwRNt4iT5SqL5Mt6fO4aRpIxRHGxUprOlRdK3Lk/LsqzsXg5TQfdNC10Kr16kM2mdvX6RO9EnBQ6ajoTNQiKTVHCP3tjYFDYxPa4bgjHEjqeoi213rhDuXemA9tDuCh3ZtYDqXOzzjJYPN2f2DBW9nPRWxFcG86ibj3c8wNPYPXe1Yn4+8CilaUCK23OljU3uLPeO7U9TYZiK2vh1ko0eCjLsq8I8Jez0j9Y57xiHlqxfcRKIEtIakNaMHA2DrhyBD9nzUobf5OGBA7UiCeajms1Qx1jL1VMAzaI7JIIHSJUqtJb2FdEVwrVYNxEWVnMlb5JCPmxXGTdXkeUKpSOmnYpZ3IPwSCSFFbtt/Bzp+RdAkV4yFcorLXgLsAZUqCfTquGqLpKdGQ+Idw8gOyO+/EZwiMpQeCcYe/i/gqxzBlgRKXcPx33jjJM3U80rFiHyaJh9pEWRXddbQ/qmpWiX60gb1tXL+9dXQpkShpJnwYetDTX2PDH7Qx1A3VLDiJt83aTu7O4vFx6xrUhvXrkuS54Vp1pCViqyHgWRjn3qSE3RwW1x3OXTDUwPB6PZ5VYouLbs97uDjSZ495R/9uieJAlJjuvVxLkBrHh9NnedFkQisWiWGjg9wQzjDmmDrtlGpu7EsWcOaKeUGd5L6DRuLjhw1lfV1whgiBaR6YNBnvMuXkPJS0SlGkRp7jBeL96zs0vuQHdTN5uFni6vB39yLl1SR4eKGe1MjBV+1Xi1E8/bzjchF0d5NNrlFpx8I9UW8IpuRqsGgye5JmWhv0NvlopKM5GCHI+0rmNR3CwCk7yjMqZJ7lNwrBzJUwX5nmShHj0wxTu3DBaoIU+3fAHglWBxJ1ZaSjN0AWJ7bh04vgAD+YzbJZiIIyxwYYDzuHRSpWuxEaLGw6AzzCQdE2Q1SramES6ztho03XdEfIe0uHODQZvba+tjahSKvCrOddOI6o8wz0N0JI5REOhW7C4phaG4mkNnsFM8ZMTHPDk4DtOTOYZcA3VoMOG52vODKAnLZjIgXVOCjW0jOISEEeMsUszd2crg5WriLZmg8wXpUZko/rxR9MqnF4Z2eC6zTbRxI6EM2AjLQ7GKSB06AbqbZFTrp/opvXqp6XtrHTRQPyOwtbqh7YQXqnZ0BHnggIGYdUIElPEpSPeORs+cGoN4ifxpwGyzFkrP/GA1pyOlzK6SwJUPXS5i/VqYRGOtQTbvOswKq2Y2WE/SbevvFGcQoq7jg4kAjoNa81v0tAASks6gd/f4ILTf01OOwgg4pqhXtPhRxF2ssBBLJyhVy0f62qqPHareJJuk2Y4dQUu8k/NQHModzg5wDUfK2Mlh7oFFPxHrAAsA/3NuRivECpQBIRj3uWrwmZmD7nCoTEWOjvU/nEwOKZ8aqHXwa6dG6/TycP3yPuN4C3MVrgV/O4Jp743FIoDBOccsyBu3DRRyqgJO4OYaDo4kRm6bXyJhJflvHaXIjjYRHrgAOGz+mgKUCXxcrQvprJLkVwhpE+wXcjnsZS3zOyprl8TunFZrn0arFMvsfqHf6fpbAddxH0IhbYpKTJ/2nMpdhavZqGdympqOCtpJ86nhE4OILsFhMkJXRXsWfEKOe4bKDgL6dLydgpG1jFvZSlKWEQjQuJk1iRakll+M2LZgi2EYf4NCaaGlYi8ioARGa6WQQcDdFFECaQL/KBPKDIBX86mE9i6Yk+Lm6skteOCYZgl6nZ0aKHDxGogV/+X/NYISoIuf0BSw8/NsElit8zY6DwePEa2hkVNW8tQxMAuxCP8P5Kn+wXRIdxDG69SPx1QUrp7kGmusDByvRN99cldiDsatJPw6eBobDly57hla9M1R9kHYy5idn2YG2Khs38eiohVO9mx6avXENUG6ctaSTJtna+x0GGDlgfbOlSB2Ccm5jiwLeeg/EEv943SIfhgSbxaem6CS/55cxyGl9eA+nw32EtG5RPZi/QR+9sGCuGaz3KI7DAi+lY4g+/ceDwnhc7juQPGDUiP545gxcQZPR6Px+N5MKB4s76q0L1Jf0fguou5ni3ac4YHV4yzYqJb6verg5ZXwF4dW2Z1N+By8++LJhe0TCbDfQ8D1/NIw6BkR+fqwN7Pgn2miHqn+Wp3xqKEQP1yZ7HRtweDxhX1IPW/lcGNbWc2FLqI0ZSE38c/lxkSKpH8fJfDG65bb0scJxoyXbGxokuJNAzRC9xqfcQfCrrkhG8qa2zmXuBxfAlB24ipm4jDkSSNjOFqtOYkjkrDVTqQXb/IDotKHjmHREEGa+MKgQ65EtR42qam7zmzdk0QfJfhAVFoMo0bvLugHrusMFdQqirSkoW5cmiioMvY5A0Z8ZjaB9Xxs5klmkJqa8LCXcJ6JsypJppIWjmQ78pNnMBzsk8bOQuxly03h/ilg/f0zHNalgyhRBR18/5QeMeZsG7aDYTu/ErFUlIrczmFAgfzFzop0BAJQtGy0o1K78AETJICOO/aJnFydhEsjvnkdqZ87UdbeQdmpEfA1Q5VukioGI7cB8HrAYMkHzKOi+O65v3hMLKnEfeFB3V16g5Wu8bG7eddvEro+Kl21XvFBgQjicayMUgO3aKaXEPYhA5Nsd9YVWbxa20cPct9CGZypbVcczJnZjmgWSE0KEQ65OxfXO7hCV3wF2duahagPkiwKqj4QuZwegxzav5CB0k4xFNITddbOZOuaIXCQfB1WujMslFNuRc6hjD2CAMVph1smNfM5kcd90L3lyrb8pAGnyYHDwZ3P+52ZV4NTOiwYZaoajRfJBm1vY3lrKxqhyYtNR5lCqSUTZaRKHfpdMQpsZoXR8f8lQG/gWINWAsL2xxabFyqUq0hbAqpBJVzoyC/FpLc0NfDAfdbjIJtfWwDN+dsVwFU9PnlGBVMKGrnXhllVZ9Kji1NZ8Xc5xEuKwHrK8Mq6d0kYR5Ls8FSbVI67qstnL2ICJvVuz64PlyFydnKv8CKlx2HCOT/YWBteN6SbnIpJtDPDmJsL3UsJk/QdKQ2w86OAZoNvKResYZuGsmGnywZDNYUCZy3XhZXiLKCFgd5X1UeummhccEaI7FuKpWvDBKt8SzYpxUvRW8McHXn154LWud6bnGTxWMrMDx3Sd1L3w+Gl7V7RA+8x3OXoJhZqRHvHxl+UusUa8eJ1fAMmE9anOXY/dzWHR7Dq9nehMuveBar21yH4xOXQExnuSTdXDdql3BO8t8BJ+98FsYe1tbnePfn4GTnuvCOFhuxeyNZs/RYww3ej7gsLSUUjE8Sz9VcUYCdjxetH4oo+pQkx9Endzg768mn95+iwyiK1hOEgL9o3XT29UqyCEE54xn2Ub85n6YUwz+G3ddXhajqeu/1XrW922Z1nf156fRxxPvRo+9vRm9GYTj8ir/w+VYTNvX2/nZdbx8n23XazPTwhABhEITyxzBswHNEYyssm+dVeNFK6Ey2aD1kBMw77yTsuqbDr6hwL4gIcLdL9jkDfy0q4ziHI4Kb7gq4rKpqu27bzP6E83MuYWtriuEGrbaqpNyJRY6/uGkQEdwII/Jit8U/ePFr1uJaRV3AvnBRAA0uX1UFUr6q3zLOnO01I7XzzZv4c+/0Hc/MhnWuX4McNYwLNB1XivTcmFTylwoZ8WBWl8rj5fzr9jeA14cwZlm7wQej3ruOcKXB03834WtjE/6zDKL9tm53X/z6or7+zaTZ44M0SKmSrlu8JvmXUQgtEZclP797Ph1vc4rs4Pcs2/252qsqKRfomH484BySqM8fyzXpHjzNeJ7dE46/51RUoxCK8xAV0JOUzeHXcaowhKO2ras9aI+q2qvxcwGFOTE/yYU3M4ikj9zBfLh2RSgK83JuE8YuvtXrMd80eahNR89iuVgNgXqQVys2tutZAS5tU3wdfA3dsPUFxWuSvP8Gfcc/IEfOfIJk7fgf9zdxMHOJzaq0XcP+EOt/btQEVzQYxLEFcy0sFox/H5sJtDmfiT0va/sr+Xb8jTHUhQQizCMZ7U9pSesLel/Ngd2t+1PcdWI6QWeAXnEd/DkL0XufLYg+mr1rO2aAChlGE40ZpOJULPowT1gvioszenYQwvUDWeTd3fKWLGozytIUZ9wnyvtjiMItb/eWN+TxeDwezxnKJhzleT73GdIez8UEQcA+1vHasB7P4rHp737Sp+cOobzZO3DFrr59l2eBBjfyUciv83g8c8c0nVbZksKzAU29cgacI49nngTBSwmXvRx7oHfQuGQVfyv1nrxndQgCLgcw4EcVeWDaDRtJn8ezCJxs6XVYCFqtF8z5SuxqLfHmWSWmhS4P2pYL7cjSazrPgugbC9xHqNPB4L6W54XOsyBYidN4BA2UM5u1reMHteqEZ4novGh5PB6Px+NZEdjveeEE0WRqXrnNkr4EneZs6n5e8Iwzqs86mdhoKrQ7ZKAWeqK53rKcOJV5+tBh88JhGJ+78k7s5KVOZqSPO654BjsFF2NHC0NT1S+9ClPkfAeM4Jn4H1/xrhmDOn/S8vm2Z5mOzHlRu/RuZuNGL02cwAWw+Ay8H/TGxawZdmf0iX1WKi/kgebPvUCJmJNMnAxq0Zm0KEG+WI1EZfkuGbzTtB2PZ45cWORsqLOTtA2XK+GSGlxVo95tg7+P/j5Kg40/4+Q4ih6V39/pDXjO387DjsuCiOdbRdGMJ3SvJVyUDDWoCNJ8GONXlnEJD+ac65D0FFvPXhd7Wmhju94b8t36SSyPk3XUGfCPK4Z5WSK0OLY1SeI47uqq+TriqiaFXucHddFU+0Fmb8frLT2hNWC4PICiE8cIZYxiZFHCLeDmucrKvi1V8uIo2ERY76sSQax/Wk8OI4WBO8LdKAlI75twXQNbLMRos81sc6MdMnEUnTWursJgxv9hnsf56M3o45dwqJB+ebnV4EYY1DZXNdkqmi5HrJn07rLdEElZbP3y8vVLnsaFPxSF4mykR1wkQksmnFh+oe3g+Ws4DId23/DK1OOCLpvtBteiII/No3h82ZIpOFdUaVB02b7utkJ03aosWXaAE9CfJ195nFAFbRWkN1ixwrPkPHX7++IiNTfNWvTb++jTOusSJ+RTT12Bp1n/5PmQa5xwNaYcz31+uB4V7jogTbMWD0HaSvxrOHe+mi0qhi4P+ReX3+OwLP/jOikkWR8kkH0XBkihZv99Sos0yzbwBEr/1hUea4ZpPH/1snHrlHyBAtypg6CJubS/0IObZUcKIkN8qBN+LorX8OM07h+c/Sv/4Ufey6PoEf4jpEUYQ6U0hdxRkY+gkT7CBRUdNd6jR+Wn9fUkuro6VIZf87DqcPN5CK2FcIyd+DAZrHNhqYtbgXk54OJNUOaIg0MK9o2KmydPnnAXR9EAevPiTP4Ole38U8XxjpVq8Tsk/3r0PlobrF20wNJpENkkRkrEhztKCSQFkqSEAUp8PUqi979phbBZRM7j+fHwT4bnCmZpZJ/W2a4v13ml+Wa9TqfFM1m7cPG9i5g4RwQUi0QrcjjLnr7JP77i6UtfD9z/8T+8zDmXuphv/MmPHTvU677Gn7O4Cf/c6Ib6RVm+zX4TM3Ht4G6THbdJtntg7R9nOMF1U+xY0jQNQjidireSqHsEtzZbeozvb87yewaEv4BLLHP2HCN2593ybHE+7RMliDPNyGnpHjMJCfsZA8VzQZdyPaOXuaB1GW1N3TvmPt4zvWav+Ybmsy8nqzo1kB96VQ/M34PB3L9rPRiwv5b75tz3mHFpZ1ow7AJyRpiuc5v6YvtygpgxasrBZY3j+SC+9vXdxUSdrzKHF2bdIq54PvxivOOodobZiMIrJl/cH5Z8+vLmSn2ZLmPh0QvdIsoRJ1f5uerFnbw+4cVfpr2eSK00lnxxkKb8oPLqUPHzAIz7nBchH+PkSmVaXLdcNKSuJRhB0GRjUdzkt6+dWcBfLz7Ont/HpkzF8MRQYwbTe+J+ciEKObdTcKHmOK6qasA1m/e3cePOPbHHLQlivufv1DK2vOAHBWhWywVVnHaDaMU+PMqkZdyxTxfx0VSXWyxkhzDblcY7O2nFL4Dgax/bF6kDt9AIXWlgrnS+uONvIqmy7t2PD+FJZoafohZBYOzP43b5vj+ZCkRUOJBccgSQ7yqC/urn6ex7wUrVVqONZrMi8NPPlg2V1e3mjEsPe7uUvbOVVGvEI/ycfk0gAUljn0EPuqB8Ct3zkg0cKSFzmiOqEQQhlYJD8co076PcSnqcS1UanMDhHDYIv+VH70dRpLusTOAG67BGRdyJEbwwlh1DG2TjC9MnNLSdDFoGuRwEwRG2scXLrFaCBklqMTYtY7ZzxJ5G7D7g16LuAemA9PCANcpeayjjef1MX6NXRNpg15y1kEODUmjOscEDnvTKGaoR202pbaK7ce6wOVY4OoLQJbjKNx1+w4+xMWKTrW5sxR1LdR0yiu5ulgQXmx0ZaVoRxiqDIBe1nydjofsfNwjfXYN1yRNCJ6GgMLKxqF6csM/u/n1okPTB2dbZ9kLnjlVfkBszSGcxfPo9pF3G8M0eju3u+QTSFhHI4RpyrmXsxoW4HfRul4HJ7VsMVwXU5rlN1UHM9J03LmFsy2LLJY8Tuj6t0l7otKQSTBC9IHhrrrExOaKemhI6PCR9798JoesP7KdHKQg2B+9lrZNcs2nUOxh3Fhd21dbpWNbheLytvTugaUlAnUHxQtGwXA/DVTBHWMtxrTZnO0esAaDkwU//QZGqbj6dh0cwUSR7K0idE5aglZjAQIvxaa4BoZJSfDcL2me/sxEwvmTwET9WV1n/o18KOk4e9cIIVdd3xOGAdc0chTGvRAVLLbeL7D1CCIH6YZ3bJYANncQSeJmiNQOKsZ4VcGHn1y1gbgGYbG/H7micWPaxwJJ6SFYqUaHGuAMDNiusUiVtbHZTQyi9BVEbgZgFftRZO722bNtBROMOD82hCwYmCmxBgS25ATiGDv5PRmYzDpaF5227i51Fc7UI8wOpC36YUBZzB2mi6r6UxeSY/cX9J6dgN1p3LdkTwEfjynx5XrcgoHIY6Ulad0N7YPJ8PLR6aU5UcJ7xWXOluij1fUd2JU6x/CXXapWtS0QQ/OtMJ7lUci49ecVZo5GbKy4yQzieFQRKcFxSTjPpzjgLmqGXtXtmEpYsqMsS7VR3eJqvQdGM642eBwYrUN+d+QSX1DPh5ZEzngeqbTNInaZoXFitYA3T67mHywXLxpX3MePO4/E8OMKfPlgJZiN5d8qTfhTram5Yzl1cX7sBLGyXqYLXVwuiVasCMCFVief+i9ndGbikM10JnJ7qy5gN+DuvK+YmBAHf+3YHSwAiw74SDkysVs3TdaVyaMImftwtXy9rCpxkMuR1LeZ3Tza4tkwEwWttV22WSRB0mrnB6RbYn9tvcUdcoZBmTtaTL1uZt75QjFSTiJ/wPrniTotd/kRncxX1QTvYko8pBVnYOEQ//Ls8BMF/2q73t7kiBIFmG70dMV0n4+/zolSRlPV9DxBxeyY5bMj9eKRLNm/lRxZJyk44zaZzDtKAo4z7Eyf94J01e23yk/uuXKXr6RmCz35Ay85tuDkr5sFwpzQ8S3AVbBWuO+WczFwFvRMUrTQIPtJ4YdfS8qHIQvLUC6ubmC/MqaDjMCcDx4+FeFxpIN1mnZgTCEZffKUQI0mPlWiR3PA4sTF60gWl2QM3GgpTxMlIvIob3DeDQuC0Ts5UihlQgWpQOOKt6zGznxQ+ItRC5yk4CxYGVCYp2pd1VN8PipClydLF7TKcSrAUnb+mQ2KwJpYi95k4WXBAK846xLFO06ByTZVi4ooxbiOICmNnx8cn2qIQHJ4cV/TkTn29NHXs8X0FA21RfNpUTF6CI8By0kLoWrZGZbbfrs0paaZm3NCp3ByPrZYFdWs/7uO3QtRp6/TNgoQOEoV8/gaxpsJ442at5bqWNo95jFPjGiWN0DuQkE/QO5bptE0oaDIDeIUZm75YkQm2KG2TCKU117eSd+zZ6uSsuC1zyC3VbIhnDjVAWEiak+PBCw6tHUvoemlWq5kXTjSneZnQnaygphOMMWtPlw9m3girBgXByB1BsSQqYiUzEroDSy/Oe5NhEMG6kNAlU0LHeZdujgkDakzr4YGZnoSiAAkb47CjLqSjchv1NIuLimVCKXXTNqXliIr4XELXV99Ud6TQadLnUmERYkNifFMrQc0GEGNstS1nOz96obOQtceVoHk0wUMy8i81XLs3LtGQ5XwRhkcHwUbvF62IaLDvnMCSr/EM2g1I17TQYRsOhmh38vUfecX/AX67wQsYVYJbJFgS83ObJnSIyAeeg+S/Ud2PlobiSK/bY6tlweqzTIiJwl8FkAPKBJVA46d7brDhyA4JBq5aFZulejUQOy4toBm+ylVgtToZ+5j1Bm7fcWNFnOzIeFolw8JOzWI44iGQS0iLcCHZTgt80kjtppi5Y23UCnad0Zw50HszmyXBRQhauE+6VWEcYTzfC3haEDzLOVbwN+1iR0wo5HgcxO0g/hznKuK+cw1U+RiUEBzuKU5obMqX1NY3ap0XPKVpTdSMKBaloSB0u8Ef2nMlVJaodSnP7JOLm//7b4eymYeaqBrmIYr7PM9hAUMIwyCGP2Sg5oAqJl3Dp0VUvzvDclF2XXdIQxSeO0PHI2YcVWDn3C3hMgAeD5hR6OYA28oeD0BB6UyL5u6u5FlyIArzmvJxBV7oPB7PkpDcVb0raRq2WudGGrT3slqu5/bcZQ1vrh1Z/QCGZ+VgV/odMecr+Rrjj8S8u6+51t0FfLhkfL+fheVZSmrO5GjGqub8Fx2cKOV5EqqHfTAoQ36gDQaO8XAP/4XGpmQet4E56hXD1fqgG7gxvC5az+vYyUXBgQ/sOUAbb05ffp99hnC0hpM2LUCEnJwyDEOO/cInxyaS4VdcKE+S0ZtPHLyDg2Ls3rOEIJN6pCC4H2+ws4FNG+Yypr3RgHzW+pw8HG9cnnMuMQ/cTphZcI2cpxyJ5XivG411ruSso3/nw97NnhzT+WsdI9YSd5oDW7MOewvFs4QcUp9oFtzkx9m8KbJycszBVlbw4NCNWDCDNckN/27SB8w4n8ERFJONcUEwuKimhdS/h6c2g9klA06RgkR/5jEdKirmLA05mYvtC4VNuTIjZy4PuM4Tzh/RzBO4VPodlq4RwZ9nWdGkSmYfskmraDLbmf2cXWDZF0uO3PpJY28wmVKxSc19IStHmkOgM3xTl5ZjjzzEWfPijl9ww2JeR7KkYXzo7DiVWfJnh7rW7wyM8596aW05K4Ynx7MBPEsHcztxApYwp5B7fBuhZB5a9tGOLzCg2qUKmnmDtVsqcyqXg2BDskgb8EWK8TKhc76x59T0wfSUc5ywSXuSNllMfjqE0GWcgMxZpp/MVsWw9jzyLCdWvKKOj2xS9XudQqG5bJZ1lCapkS7oyrbvwmUlTC9L4F9NAtNubsafSlQgVUjPvR4iamWYF80LraBrVSTyfYixwz9ZTwylg2FQW8P50U/HW5S338zClo5lPaCmwbnxLCUUOq4TjDqRZZXyTNbYyI5yofd17F1CQaFDla6FdPblGf2xvhZB/HSgY02/HE86Jgxa4o1KGeQV8iYzX0g+oNRQzGgRpcEQMoirWtjYfYQ068sRBWIJY/obHpEKx2rwqHbH8NK77GH0XBsIjr3qip8aCy7TlWnISEqVTq7LhYo0wowGLGHNwJ9UnAXl8txapLIfz5miBTXSOxrww7kh3G1JePEzr1MfUpEPwMBlnOw4xZ1w6WtaMbYMm3YKxrOMdGGeqMctz1E+rn8cXdS9y4LPlBqBIYnYGRdz+i9+ua1NG3J6Lw5ovgy6zuUVBxYCuwHpte/i4/xi0pfoUySjN9yqo7D/hSFXwFCYnodCELyCbEwJnRk8nsUBMftm7Qd3ZAaPZ3HkkLMj1vcFDs4p9jzLxEPoqYyKoB3fR9kNnzujZzk5uTiWx+O5lHEviWeFWPGi1TcZVpHjFS9cvdB57hwvdJ75U1GqXAeIBifefxwMvnwchKM3XEAMQmfd/LGGyPIgLoKao6cXzyT3eC6B4649lK9+QLTjWKam5FLo3MmK+ykfLgyP51rk/SwTyhZn31KWNO5ATabJIfbj0H2R9ceToQmP57pAmQ0HNjFY8+myz2k1OLBZQjjtpHGQBRyQMLNOYOu7Ujw3A7LEmcMmdAP3Ltbj/ngsdC1XmtM5d0K6zlfqPDcBmu45hM5kq5+2m9oMTpiCpza7M+PrN5xoZ1OM4Y9791kJj+daoG2wdaLqxncjpkpSM1DwGlfhg5iaSNa+fPXciH/ZQKUsScuxyaq3YSYvk+qtZ7ViYePsTBz9C1eeuZAHVT9j6fsf/GmtXPtgFyfs6uSV04I9Ho8HrOGXnJwJkMDyyuKK/m7Fmv7uA7syb/rkn525DhbS6T9wizHuqysKFwQOa/i17fkWM5AkF4Q+MwmueI0Leh48t5Uoj8fj8Xg8N6RpD7u25ep7C0A9XCQrnr9qmpfF1i8vX798VlVFUf1Xlp/Wo6gsS35KHJTlO37V6Eue513ThRfUFc0a3qLDKIKfsoR78CUfwfcfw7ALm+bVy6bguhDJ+Wv2R+uf3ie/vf+UrCcJAtiJ4R++34zCEP9h1yCqVdsWdVGEg+8/vcM2UY35GNXgJFlnpI04H72BX/jMm657/qprigL/FfhQ1/Uu/toWv138teFhn8wIYj36FK1/RwBPcHVemb9uQiEYULW9v11v19zBvNtWRXP6tiKlhqIVxztKFYSMxOT/8I/xHxKnjN415dm0hV/mRoLoHJYxPXa8qTBHVIZMEOBitF1t102DizivCuw4UWb+7zgpc2YlciXM49xuqcFfVzTYBMx5hNI8f928/HO7Kupy0I3XQyCR7gSRfxJ3HUL4+GWEkCxlwnD4NQzh6cX+Ja+ZVy+ytmq4xJ/HM09m+FphAvHlwxCxvf+PrKJma7tu6+1q79nr/kHawiPBb8GFH+O44TjUKbIs22ixad9WbQ01RLWCx8eegiE9SunhOfuOC2oVr9O0B0HwO7TOGIVjj/LzV89l6v4Y5jvxzrv4a/muzHHZM1FJszZ7fJA9/gvx396HMgPSA4iS/p7hr3jWPO+6GPoiLh/xD49oGjxNU96B2IDWKqq3NTS/tIHdi+4B6oLK/5HTYWCNCRetQ3t3WcGJV0yOINvcQEB70Id7SE0EpztBDFBWUGv3aWLE+KuCKMoREdxFmjI5EZ9NeM1eIFkqbrCDf0YJ/84nkQK1yEAzai2YKY5+P3iMENP094O2tmC2d6FzKtOQBeIRl7kUugJCSGURBJtcBMhCQKKmQVW/rWv44S00VLJnb+JR/jG+oBz0eH44/LNwE6L1ZHB+Rfja3E/HvOeeuOXzNlOr0vcCezwej2d5afpOqvl+pM7z8Ek/2/7ribWKJ3wJOBm0BwdjV/16ZIEmyF+FLUDrDjw/Nr0oXCAStJ46k9l3KEjSG2d684fv4k6F4/mxgShQeWF3TsvxEWzXp4XlhNE6KPj9piuhP63V7vFI2igL7ssjxvhA75hpLYtcy1TDNQ6eaPgwDfhhKO6f8ZDfmegZrwQ6RiKdm0qErCIsfhk5j7UINgO/etFtz8MhgAIKPg0eU7r0Ug8MttVZfd/QbGjVn00/DT67b0tsUto0SO2KWStKnZ9JOGbSSXfK6B06l54fAKggNgU20BqA5LyDbltHdW08FYLSwHe6+fk7yYdeSKMdRE6/F1BrBYrYvvRECMMoxQFXG9CHxAjDgfxCMvkmJU7rcxOJ3m5zBi91Pwz8GF0QtFwZQGUnZWcq//lNCrQYUDhKKtwZ1ud2KZk4riF0OMe5BToHXYZtJumc6kyxT5GxmEXxKgHlnCsFKMmDEN5yOMKzMnCqjbSOkyh+KIxLCYzpuI7KIITeap0Tus6h4WCErNbBF9j80TVV34VC30OFd2IsVCHTkxMzQEnEjhsqTc8PAvUVyzZkubKd30zUpzhJSVXVBfyWNcpemM0ZlFoNKYFmktBR08m5MDn6PeCnEvtSulQDlyGbQ2ugfJgOdWPSG+N56ASvKRlO6NAkoEmSQILgmM3Tb1CFZolNA/1FRwcsPLFvJXT7UFvmhwptsBUE1f/4TWsjgNy6ymA4eOfc4IAf+3TrriDIqcLY85Bhs5N7JwUxamSSKatgYc8WLfcsgrlnG4GoaOSeP9X8er0mMw64NRtnZZU/wJ0qhESrAjF459bz4GncwJa0TASRc91x/QdQIA/sCaGQoCjVsjzwgXqenWtYwkLLDfh+Bt1fBEK20TJ44rfZpdaw60y7ohniVzTz3CVey3nuHC90PWuo+pppvARFMmtVl+4vmKDqwjyfY/1N6B1jf735rmcicO4yGt/c/p5BKetMM8EbuSgVL0z22bEAkuNTK5dcdlXDzsKb84kguOWrn7RLID04od7JWUlW/esmpzj+tiz3w1ZIP2dA+XQd4H5x93FhZE5f9YxDE9CTGoRcvgbPhdfzeDye1eISXfeO36b3vZWeuwT1jNNsj7pi+MewC1++tmVNqnq7KrpRvKN32uOvQ57tuAhGsVdVe1UtdtuNNuOmzdr4eFCuo1ZZwkueh9h8CUd8N//5K3r941X3/P+abuuXl01TtW/rer99sct/LivCffv2c5rWYcnVRCIuZRLb+/R5yMUy+Be++qV5+brR9RGBF7++eIvN25rv02ebKd9k//2Ab7TzjtJ0ow4Z/TwfuTfR+W593ulGGtyFe8cdweA+RCb0QrxSpSet6zTPv8D/FtcuaIpfXr62ZLB0CIK6aZpwDzfAVQI2W8WFawbwXf0Xv2b/bmRZ8S7hsiZ2V09wW8NwpFfrc60lw9uqimqbq6RUNX+7NfIA/hHibv22bqsmh/dmGMdlvPOOGZPHuCeuoxB2W3r7HpFShIAlrkCapCkXDXiKVEF4iEy9x6UX8OO6A/D154efucoL2K+5SIuBiyoQ3FD695FLjMu45N3cOERaI+m4RoAWTWDX/UPgqdvflpuEA3E7IalPp0NJOT3vFvwNKT5w5mXmWrNV18J3USRt8MhWxYjWvw3WRkiqx/bQ6omR7Nch5TSGu0dR8h7bEs0ylOX5SeVwAq7MAW3BJ6f48LMt7fEcf93zV8+hwjpb/Wf4ZqTvgZ2LrTWyz+ePCxRV2wii+SU83NlxyyGV0I/R+m+f1pN1ayidXtUDYfx9pGCy7K+6zT6/2KOqqnRtU6q4pUfR90SgBcxwIs4DJRnXBMGdbCIZcAc/V9uKBvx+DRk1Ks46DQqLS/QdaaholLil9JULZIo6O6AOo47erPd/xtP/DEWMIoMERtKgrCijwzyPDsNLlQK0aVvrTioWRM+br1wKavTfzs5hjDRhqiTr//uURJ9wV4Py1Skl3u4Xv5jOZ4o2z593+DNj/aEYouQhn+j5bDtWkyZstawkGjw5NGvP3ZDgCVzQwm6eH49r966dwfdQXcCS9N8vGw9OXi7tv/V4PB7P3WKlzFdtf3hKtC6VIOMFTxzxEve3r16xGmr6Yx4E7PTtXztO80fj1wRuRR3saY/mu/a3IugndYwN80aTiiluNtlzQnlp3+j9wjh/ceaSvcJzyblFwhgzgW1vKW3zueeSyC5Mvkk6h/Bc/DQRfSEg3MQieuoKURAsaz+Vm6bfH4BedSwrKWNb612BkjN1ZLnHmM+wlvYMuNe1ICd2fDumktYMt2K8QP4YSLMzjS+19CDX9EzYEUqU5V/mQgqIUWYG8APApAk+mmEOOKEbnJuHrCflsa0KYmuC5FojZPQmH7FmxVEUfo5ziGcX9kjf6BARhSTztYU4/9K/nhDmkBf6DCq+ETHWhXb1lutI6JufjbnKcwTwZEolhCO96WDvegmY7IBKmu/N4iFsOxduEgdtni+JQkGUuMxA/+5ucsGHPJYICd26q3D1SV6jXjMfRYcwmSjIb2aaBnzcmnCoNAF78wqXPbFj1o7PmTWsENHJMUTEmUn/fpdzEPUONVjmDnh6i7t48Kd23LjI0MjzHETSIzCxggGhjFeRMEtncL7vGaRqcqCoAouYmZcWPe18TRnUfdsB+YHkn4+aRsjQFVBOrgyQ8AAcgI/MZJl4xl4w5RIlPNIiJDzLd7B6z3wXsMavwo8O7WnBFQpb8YFegoSvBbqr8sIMhoeb7lV/hc1Q5NmtJ8E4wFHsqm4WfDDItM/kmMeQ77EEDs3pEmCtH5UBuAd7C3OJgV54z8SUUTaymzq6HQyF3/GXuChYJ8wKH4lElEiwoGbqT3FDXZJMqeH+hAmd0Ln+hLSaSXl/yLOZHfbzDfLgMW3dSRn4IPBwbGWmoO0nFuC4MzsEtnvS6f1jq7AQi9kSRe18giMWKjAgT8wGqg6/OcVcoTDbhhCwddbLRrK38Ne55bpLcqI48M17FMVwDRUjoWOFzk7LDzYmdAzFgGrGlk5ksPefeT/mTUIX9iIIk2kCd0gD63s8HFuZiS/yO+1PBdty2QBWGbkM3sTpvTN5U0NIES89FkkULb/p0OjLwdvxVZmGJ1FlJzIbNRA7o/13d1RgJyNrZ05QIXD8jaRiuIyDHdMQBNvm3NELHV3hGniKsFX9H9vChG4YNG2wQdeuNjEJIQjeqY0xZWUmhONssI8HGwz2ABaqnMp+CZhqufaxdvXSpYXRVO4gWdX8g6zJrr+V2+GkCqGxdq/FvVwvcX9ifIBftqWdHaWSg0esrmDvamzMdIqWCeGgfzBSxF1CbdFmdYt5UTGsyimmoLAw3qIRvDd4zXaKeTZP3Jhv0VulQV3u7DK0EY6hdKmvt5cpWxFLwEdUN0DcmaVFkWQSDoPgkR27qLPIuTUMyPbuQMoKsPXaWwXsISQs6MfX18mYjUxnwao/CTm32jV/LTA4egwJ7QbvnJXOUTCBNUqdwIDPtv9dW3k3ByjTsR0PnKhFjD13isEON7zUqfrkfTOOjP2WpVF9KYoviFQIDZo0GYRtvdvOpxcqyjJVitxF+oupNOtrVq7/g9WnqlL1ZHu/ZrfZo/YnOZki6nvmQDuOIyShf0SotE/ztL/omFYZ091QX6HOGKoesDy4xMSdLX/fMCjnI133CtoZl1VA5y0eaoH3NUPPDwqE7rIyZU5VhTHqFTvVZPT8aLgK4gVYAT5H0Kog7sjzg9J1l1QS1l89d6Z5EYXzVZ0ej+chkaXWXuw+/6X9TVhrNz+P+zVOM1yJDoN5Y93gKwDq3oopu8iUhxxp4n6B4Fr9BJybX4q1Kfa5nQtO/XhCpxRx5iXHRTQIdl7RFGuyz4Jnx/ZpgyuZ4frg2XCmc5nP4N1KwYxc/pEvh3JPY+NpEKFBpllodmpR9OH3Q66XIfmPBpHmB0zcT01LOIVOTPWOhKE+DjZN+BDf0+d9c8xvJXCZBM2QBRsa7jaruVKmBR9CFgAozRV+rdEuO+3mAuCEer7gEkoQx9wWeiSC4MVAo1tOmGijryUFn5/wiCbaaySNFluu3mDHogzTzA178BTP2De9WBZjq5/zwK0GurSSuvlfbhRLzeBZAVxkkZnMEdWF5p7KNqiKcAmH4zuOc05VH1GoczIYLBo9rXLIfrf+COJi4/huxiRM2eA97BGOc66weCXcCrYQWAlYJRdEjoJHsOK1OC8aO7gKsWOfmxQF/nGWh7Sxkd5VGKzRXSq1VgHFU6P8LVPYdIDOzI9Qn2pQPazjTE7s3WV12gyUliDYyJzaQZlKwaIOjiaqyLmHyGjWkrxxXu/4hLnhpgn+0qQUuSKaXcJZKNSc5o5Cqk5lubIdkRWAOh6sRj1JSQCh6wdflxulrtN0bxek6ZSXEGoX+FuEf0K6NYCpA7rjlmmHJAw3TOioa3DGJiMQuoD4mBEhj6twPOw3m5yZPhmSt8YHVEIYtJxLSjtd6SvN+GlasznurC1PmXS+lx1GfNU0nep07Vgu5owGqDjZ1jIXBk2k7C+U95PXYWPR0XF/OnLzjaaErrFCFEqIZWQ71VilJxMvyPXm2AMwfZjqFnuJTVkJGjIghA+bvq/LCR1tzWLpsVuevt8lRvFU50UaDD5Zws876lFLOZAoWP6GxzRbeQdYqyLRAd9gkADwsI/IYV+W9u7dKXUtsgw+Xbzq+PQJdzndanSI0+WgZM1uMPiL4fRNGWzCiC+MyY8rZlcA3ipaWu5oqUEiq86CKCs3UJ4sIJ15lfGkR8tZlHLETdGQmbMt7QPULBLjvoIVM1J0bq8UWg2LJufN9uP5Y7RBMeN6fnjEPUEY9Oys2DLGTlPOgx3Z05EONe+zv5B2yw/TbFUi28e030MdLSDmQRFzEifUGKVMWxSLEnPDLh8E/0fT1LHyHu4ijdYnoVvXZlDWElec4Ut30wpNTQP65gUsCFf29n174ehNOFIBq1kndDsFPUxZWmG8EoSTJ89za2K91nMvnBRIz4/D6N6EbnWqdJ45c6oAvEPGRbPnR+PSuZkLxSs6j8dzU8pbaq7j5lz/N2xoxpPhDJvv4HmIoI52ZeOePRcSonMqdBrfOMsNJUZdzMb54XoeAol60C4lDYrKKvHnjUOdPzZl3W7XppsKzAvdw+VqoTuV+6dkTLPsznJmtuY5XC5VXugeJhxR0KQWGmx2XBiOOya6MAzNReyGHjiUobpWnoZD5w7F4IgjV4Oq0HKxh/Kkgau2miiuJOd4RVYzpHCU53QjsUq4oKzWmM3jgcZKNtuWu4nQcVQJ7jOTb3kI/bfYVomWGWjTe9XzhUOO8UOWkMmydCWjzJCUElsbltU4fEo7nZKdc6bVxMdjXe80ni+baUdCMdAeG1tfBwdmd0ijTDptfrngoV2TY7Pv+rA+ubOeVYAZ13F03aZ8TX4pLSqNl5o7iaT9DEpJBiVGj51pP9jRScp/uqyDMBxBhFOKKByaIygpSnpGkYUTzgCg63zwGy6L3yMGEx0O/oY950zZafMLL+WgpujTTjMQzOBZHbR8oVSXyz77hTafww6ATT6asgA837qSrm8pqCEhJ9+ca/njPONJZU/TCcxlPzfOfmuQxCz9t58nQEEFmuQ0NYllvNPMO0aAy0jn4fnVSc/yAQHgUtOUKstb+w17oXPtCstrbriAoUE7CR1NzjbgFFAKCK1gZ1NjFJg5ELKTywwC1mqSCX9Z36FnnSUV+29cQL1/k2+biAuhSxJWQjM8NubMsxIgr1QU7ubUJX3+jjWdw834dWcNns84v7dh/5z176kLT4oNO6kxmcyix2k6mOCEoXDmMovcbyeFrkT5HQRrTtP1Z6TPdMhWjJuoHAziNrMFzD3LDzLs6en6HH8bJmj/M1co6Yp+Qlw/TGD1+QrWViszuxQCm2nFdUkUNOP/uJuWYBWbOsalsafGwj5iNEqIEU/qbFAwYjqQhex40NsVKHs7aulVeC3MM0ZLa0L3CE4DZoYSvQsDzBlqWSBmBYu9HUCVeWtuEtk5L32j0pqhdONWhh072scZqr/x1bRXqxk7XgzFNiVaFsbYM73KpR2aV88q4UYX9EbpUNlns8JhSwnjWRK1oz3quLDrS7GSJer/RnyJOJwaPNN3nPjRpgG/JWUH1gi4gpzBR6F6CKfC83g8Ho/H4/F4PB6Px+PxeB4+8eAXZ/J47gh++PAMle/g9ywONyspdzMuOTKBw6mBCI9n3kC8IF8adNUavjrm6JcfQfcsDMocp3JwSommTvY/j2dBJDZP0ibPaUHOfn64x7Mg8iDldDZ7TSvjfCIvdJ4Fk3B1db1rAP4KRr549SycY7Uc8CusIcFZuHqB0J33eOaPhE4Th7XlVHI/FXc1ede/R+Dx3BX9W5oez50Rsa/V47lTjvs3OD2eO0O9rh6Px+O5Hsng2Pa2m2mlwWWAq524KK88vJeV49qRXtPfrCQIPzlOuLPDsXH5uZuIztyXlejvfJL1FUpXksdlno/XtyRzi/4yqpMTdzoDJ+7hOBqnTel7Pi9nklTnwOVCAL823rM5lTNJFJVitqUYRBLFPx1G8bf37tiRuK/GS/WV5SMEehiXkPkveZiHXVMUz7umKaqqFm2WZXXVwEXHIOE4KqPD6Bimd/Aa52EYDr8Ow66DL3rYn7qFi8nKqMRDpruK4zAvv78rC162MYriQ9GmaZYhtOlEOY/ksEg7xGQUhs9fvayq7T7iaXrknFyOrSEKcGNIsa7Ly5Lr2obd8A0CDcOvz199rWsmydv617d1u4FEYcJkGWKH3y/vXAB4IphGO3E+DHOkZteFuJWtomiKvarae40NB3dAm50ftxoZjGzGpXH5rquKLQRAz3VT7LcvdrcrHDi3M+FWdTuPJ2HHj9d77pIlS/DbRyd9+vdRmj5NsX2MvwOG+MpJ2BkuWhs3Oaf0yLMUqmd7f7vGgwCKqsiT6BPrE8I5cyRVnvBxDNK/NtoaSqOtt+vtqiq6MP/4ZURFU5aR4byAU4Hs7DH21Dv0ClUC/00Ylx01gXm7ojJzWsuX+23dhAWVR9WFUJdNA9VC3ZDH1ykx4TapooTBIwHORPxKXjdlWVVZW1GrdF2EXYkS4rsCmy24T+FW2zX7dRFmbV08G4Yf4zIK3/3vGC086E3najbybhCFhyjW4G1dGcI7u14YJ8mbVWlYejwej8fj8Xg8Ho/H4/F4PB6Px+PxeDwej8fj8XiWjMHg/wEa0HTexptkwwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

112 The plaintiff also submits that the defendant should have employed a more
accurate and simple method in calculating the scrap value. This involves
multiplying the weight of the Assets with its price per unit. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

POS at paras 45 to 51; PCS at paras 130 to 134.

113 The above submission is irrelevant. I wish to reiterate that the 1st
Report did not contain the scrap value of the Assets because NKI did not
request the defendant to furnish it in the report. Mr Metzger instructed Mr
Mendoza to include the forced sale value in the “forced sale” scenario for the
lenders in the 1st Report. Even if the defendant had inaccurately calculated
the scrap value stated in the Scrap Value Letter to NKI dated 28 July 2017,
that is irrelevant to the present dispute. Since the scrap value was not in
the 1st Report, the plaintiff could not have relied on the scrap value in its
decision to grant the S$1.6m Loan to NKI. Indeed, the plaintiff oddly submits
on the appropriate quantum of the Asset’s scrap value that the defendant
should have responded to NKI via e-mail, prior to the submission of the 1st
Report: 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

PCS at para 134.

Be that as it may, since the [defendant] could calculate the tonnage from the
drawings in [its] possession, [its] response in the 29/5/2017 email to NKI
should have been that the scrap value would have been within the range of
S$800,000 to S$1.2million ( before taking into account the decommissioning
costs). It bears highlighting that this is based on the [defendant’s] own
evidence of the tonnage and the prevailing price of scrap metal. The lower end
of S$800,000 is remarkably close to the sum of S$770,000 that the [plaintiff
was] eventually quoted and accepted.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

This submission cannot be applicable to the 1st Report as no scrap value was
mentioned therein. In the absence of instructions by NKI to include the scrap
value in the 1st Report, the defendant does not owe a duty to provide a
reasonable estimate of the scrap value in that report.

114 I now turn to consider the second stage of the Spandeck test.

(C) Policy Considerations

115 Under the second stage of the Spandeck test, the court has to examine
whether there were any policy considerations that would persuade it to deny
any remedy to the plaintiff: Spandeck at [111].

116 In so far as the defendant has voluntarily assumed responsibility to
provide an accurate forced sale value in the 1st Report, I find that there are
no policy considerations to negate the existence of such a duty of care.
Conversely, there are policy considerations in favour of finding such a duty
of care: valuers ought to be responsible for providing their valuation based
on professionally acceptable methodology and merits within the scope of their
clients’ instructions. They should bear such a responsibility especially where
they know that their professional opinion would be relied on. Here, the
defendant was aware that the 1st Report was for “financing purpose”, ie,
lenders and investors would be reading and relying on the 1st Report. Thus,
valuers like the defendant cannot rely on the boilerplate Limiting Conditions
of the 1st Report, particularly those like cl 8 which limits the usage of the
1st Report to NKI and its professional advisers. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

AB at p 2, see para 2 of the 1st Report.

This is a fortiori the case where valuers like the defendant are insured (see
[64] above).

(D) Conclusion on duty of care

117 For the reasons above, I find that the defendant owes the plaintiff a duty
to take care in the provision of a reasonable estimate of the fair market
value and forced sale value of the Assets in the 1st Report. I stress that
this duty of care involves providing a reasonable estimate because valuation
is not an exact science but an art. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

CHK2 at para 11(a).

The scope of this duty pursuant to NKI’s instructions does not extend to the
provision of the scrap value of the Assets in the same report since NKI did
not request for the same.

Breach of duty of care

(1) The applicable law

118 As stated by the Court of Appeal in Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd v Moh Seng
Cranes Pte Ltd and others [2014] 2 SLR 360 at [43], the standard of care
expected to discharge a duty of care is usually the general objective standard
of a reasonable person using ordinary care and skill (see Blyth v The Company
of Proprietors of the Birmingham Waterworks (1856) 11 Exch 781). However, the
court can consider factors such as industry standards and normal practice.

119 Where valuers are concerned, it is settled law that a valuer has to
“attain the requisite standard of care of an ordinary competent valuer”: see
Kuah Kok Kim and others v Ernst & Young [1996] 3 SLR(R) 485 at [41] and Kua
Kok Kim and others v Ernst & Young [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1184 (“Kua Kok Kim SGHC”)
at [18]. If the valuer fails to do so, he can be sued in tort. This follows
the general rule that “a professional is required to meet the standard of the
ordinary skilled man exercising and professing to have the special skill in
question”: Kua Kok Kim SGHC at [18], citing Halsbury’s Laws of England, vol 33
(4th Ed) para 623 with approval.

(2) My findings

120 The issue here is whether the forced sale value, which was calculated on a
basis similar to a forced liquidation value (see [86]–[91] above), was
carelessly and inaccurately calculated by the defendant.

121 As Mr Mendoza explained and Mr Chay concurred, there are generally two
accepted approaches that are used in the valuation of plant and machinery. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

CY at p 18 paras 5.1 to 5.4; MM at paras 12 to 14.

Mr Mendoza explained that a third approach, the income approach, is seldom
used for valuing plant and machinery because it is difficult and impractical
to establish income streams for each machinery. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

MM at para 12.

122 The first is the cost approach. Paragraphs 70.2 and 70.3 of the IVS state
as follows: 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

MM at p 66.

70.2. Generally, replacement cost is the cost that is relevant to determining
the price that a participant would pay as it is based on replicating the
utility of the asset, not the exact physical properties of the asset.

70.3. Usually replacement cost is adjusted for physical deterioration and all
relevant forms of obsolescence. After such adjustments, this can be referred
to as depreciated replacement cost.

[emphasis in original]

Under the cost approach, the valuer will consider the cost of replacing or
reproducing the asset in a new condition and then apply a deduction to account
for depreciation based on the age, physical condition of the asset appraised
and other relevant factors. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

MM at para 14.

123 The second approach is the market data approach. The IVS at paras 20.1 and
20.2 state as follows: 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

MM at p 52.

20.1 The market approach provides an indication of value by comparing the
asset with identical or comparable (that is similar) assets for which price
information is available.

20.2 The market approach should be applied and afforded significant weight
under the following circumstances:

(a) the subject asset has recently been sold in a transaction appropriate for
consideration under the basis of value;

(b) the subject asset or substantially similar assets are actively publicly
traded, and/or

(c) there are frequent and/or recent observable transactions in substantially
similar assets.

[emphasis in original]

Under the market data approach, the valuer will consider the prices offered by
willing buyers or recently paid for the same or similar assets in the second-
hand market, with adjustments (if any) to reflect the condition and utility of
the appraised assets. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

MM at para 13.

124 Mr Mendoza explained that the cost approach was the more appropriate
approach to evaluate the fair market value of NKI’s machinery and equipment
because many components of the Assets are specialised equipment. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

MM at para 27.

He claimed that NKI was unable to provide the invoices indicating the costs of
the Assets as NKI did not retain them. Instead, NKI gave spreadsheets showing
the costs of the Assets to the defendant. Mr Mendoza and Mr Ambulo also
obtained estimated costs of comparable equipment from websites such as
www.matche.com 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

MM at para 30.

and “grainger”. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript (8 October 2021) p 71 line 24 to p 72 line 5.

Using this information, they derived the CRN. Thereafter, as explained above
(at [97]), the defendant derived the fair market value of US$26,899,000 and
forced sale value of US$12,130,000 for NKI’s Assets (see [18] above) using the
appropriate discount.

(A) Did the defendant breach its duty of care by using purportedly unreliable
sources of data and by careless computation?

125 The plaintiff makes the following submissions:

(a) www.matche.com is not a reliable source of data for the defendant to have
calculated the CRN; 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

PCS at paras 114 to 115.

(b) Mr Mendoza had input wrong values to www.matche.com, resulting in wrong
prices provided by that website; 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

PCS at paras 116 to 117.

and

(c) the defendant had made calculation errors of the forced sale value in the
1st Report. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

PCS at paras 119 to 121.

126 I shall address these submissions in turn.

127 First, the plaintiff submits that www.matche.com collects prices from
anonymous sources and Mr Mendoza agreed during cross-examination that there
was no way to verify the accuracy of the information from the website. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PCS at para 115.

In my view, as matter of logic, it does not immediately follow from the fact
that information was compiled from anonymous sources, that such information is
therefore inaccurate. Crucially, the plaintiff has not adduced expert evidence
to show that the information from www.matche.com is unreliable. In the
circumstances, the plaintiff’s submission in this regard is nothing more than
a bare assertion from the bar.

128 Second, the plaintiff submits that Mr Mendoza had converted the prices of
the assets given by www.matche.com, which were in USD, to SGD, and back to USD
again. This resulted in a different initial price to that stated by
www.matche.com. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

PCS at para 117.

At the trial, Mr Mendoza explained why he did so: 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Transcript (8 October 2021) p 71 lines 4 to 20.

Q: Mario, matche already gave you the price in US dollars, why are you
converting to Sing dollars and then converting it back to US dollars?

A: Because initial [sic] we thought that the engagement was for the report to
be reported in local currency, local currency which is Sing dollars.

Q: Yes, but eventually you reported it in US dollars.

A: Yes.

Q: Since you got this equipment price from the website in US dollars, you just
reflect the price what you got from there; right?

A: Yes.

Q: So it doesn’t make sense for you to convert to Sing dollars and convert
back again to US dollars. It’s not giving the reader a true reflection of what
was reflected on your matche.com. Do you agree with me? I’m moving on whether
you agree or not.

Here, Mr Mendoza was advertent to his obligation to use US dollars. Indeed, it
would have been better if he had used the original USD prices of the assets
stated on www.matche.com, instead of converting these prices to SGD and back
to USD. However, the plaintiff has not submitted on what the difference in
price is. Even before examining the issue of causation, there would be no
breach of duty by the defendant here if the difference in price was de
minimis. This must be the case since the requisite standard of care is that of
an ordinary competent valuer, and a valuer, being a natural person, cannot be
faulted for making inconsequential human mistakes. Since the plaintiff did not
discharge its burden of proof here, I am unable to make a finding in its
favour.

129 Third, the plaintiff submits that Mr Mendoza: (a) had “made fundamental
mistakes in computing the costs of individual items of NKI’s Assets”; and (b)
had admitted to wrongly calculated the total sum of the forced sale value,
which should have been US$11,770,000 instead of US$12,130,000. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PCS at paras 120 and 121.

130 With regard to (a), while Mr Mendoza did admit that there were some errors
in his computation, the plaintiff only examined a few instances. The plaintiff
did not submit how these few instances amounted to “fundamental mistakes” such
that the defendant had failed to attain the requisite standard of care of an
ordinary competent valuer. Again, the plaintiff did not discharge its burden
of proof here.

131 With regard to (b), the plaintiff cites the following extract of Mr
Mendoza’s testimony as his purported admission on the witness stand: 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PCS at para 121; Transcript (8 October 2021) at p 90 lines 3 to 9.

Q: Now, when we did a calculation, when I add 1.7 million all the way down, I
get a total sum of 11,730,000 and not 12,130,000.

Did you also know that this was a mistake but you have not told this court, or
are you hearing this for the first time?

A: This is the first time that I hear about this.

[emphasis added]

I do not see how Mr Mendoza’s response above amounts to an admission.
Ironically, it indicates instead that he had disagreed with Mr Parwani’s
question. Hence, the plaintiff’s submission on this point is unsupported.

132 Lastly, I note that when NKI reviewed the defendant’s breakdown of the
Assets’ initial valuation in April 2017, NKI actually found that it was “much
lower than [its] expectation”. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 44; AB at p 1442 to 1443.

In the circumstances, it was likely that the sources that the defendant relied
on for the prices of the Assets were more conservative than what was
reasonably expected.

133 I therefore find that the defendant did not breach its duty of care to the
plaintiff by using the prices of the Assets from www.matche.com and by the
alleged careless computation of the costs of individual items of the Assets
and the forced sale value of the same.

(B) Did the defendant breach its duty of care by failing to consider NKI’s
purchase price of the plant and machinery?

134 According to Mr Leow, NKI’s plant and machinery were built by Yoshikawa
Chemicals Singapore (Pte) Ltd (“YChem”) at a cost of about US$80m. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

DLTC at paras 7 to 9.

YChem encountered financial difficulties in the early 1990s and was put under
judicial management on 10 January 1992. NKI then purchased the Assets and the
Property from YChem at S$20m to $21m (the “Purchase Price”) in or around
September 1994.

135 In cross-examination, Mr Mendoza conceded that he should have taken into
account the Purchase Price in the valuation of the 1st Report. He acknowledged
that if he had done so, the fair market value in the 1st Report would be
lower: 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript (8 October 2021) at p 103 line 20 to p 106 line 3.

Q: So you can read paragraphs 9 and 10 [of Mr Leow’s affidavit of evidence-in-
chief]. My question doesn’t change. The fact that he bought the machinery at
20 million, does that have any bearing on the fair market value when you do
your report?

…

Q: Now that you know what were the original costs for NKI, would your fair
market value change?

A: That this report -- I were [sic] asked to revalue it at the current level,
at the current date, is that the question?

Q: No. When you prepared your report, you said you did not know and you did
not ask what was the original cost to NKI when they bought the plant and
machinery. So I’m telling you they bought the plant and machinery in 1994 for
20 million to 21 million; right? The facts are there at paragraphs 7, 8 and 9
[of Mr Leow’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief].

So my question is if you had known the information then, would your fair
market value be different?

A: Yes, it would have been different.

…

Q: Would you be able to give an estimate whether this fair market value would
be much lower than 26 million?

Court: Mr Mario?

A: Yes.

Court: What is troubling you?

A: After the purchase -- after the purchase period in 1992, there have -- of
course there may have been some improvements or upgrading done. I would have
put it on not really on the lower side, but it would be about -- lower than
26. Probably about 20 million.

Court: 20 million Sing dollars or US dollars?

A: US dollars.

From the above, it appears that Mr Mendoza acknowledged at the trial that if
he had accounted for the Purchase Price of S$20m, he would have derived a fair
market value of NKI’s US$20m in the 1st Report instead of US$26,899,000. Since
the forced sale value is a percentage of the fair market value (see [96]
above), a lower fair market value would entail a lower forced sale value.

136 I place little weight on what appears to be a concession on Mr Mendoza’s
part above. Mr Mendoza’s calculation of the fair market value in the 1st
Report was in full compliance with the cost approach, which applies a
percentage to the CRN of the Assets, following the DRT. The plaintiff suggests
that the fair market value, not the CRN, should account for the Purchase Price
of the plant and machinery. However, since the cost approach is premised on
the CRN, the purchase price does not feature in this methodology. Hence, I
find that Mr Mendoza was mistaken and confused when he made the alleged
concession.

137 Mr Chay opined that the defendant’s use of the cost approach was
acceptable and in-line with industry standards and that the defendant’s
computations were reasonable and acceptable. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

CY at pp 18 to 21 paras 5.2 to 5.11.

I see no reason to deviate from Mr Chay’s expert opinion.

138 Hence, the defendant has not breached its duty to take care in the
provision of a reasonable estimate of the forced sale value in the 1st Report
when it did not consider NKI’s Purchase Price of the Assets.

(C) Did the defendant breach its duty of care by failing to exclude the leased
assets from third parties in its valuation of the Assets in the 1st Report?

139 Mr Khan, the plaintiff’s expert, stated at para 32 of his report that,
“during our inspection, we were informed by the General Manager of Operations,
Mr Tan Tee Hai, that some assets (namely the cooling towers, chillers and
compressed air system) were leased assets and/or belonging to third parties”.
183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Robert Khan (“RK”) at p 13 of Expert Report
para 32.

He went on to state that the defendant, however, failed to exclude these
leased assets belonging to third parties in its valuation. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

RK at p 13 of Expert Report paras 32 to 34.

This would be in breach of para 90.3 of the IVS, which states as follows: 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

RK at p 13 of Expert Report para 33.

Items of plant and equipment that are subject to operating leases are the
property of third parties and are therefore not included in a valuation of the
assets of the lessee, subject to the lease meeting certain conditions.
However, such assets may need to be recorded as their presence may impact on
the value of owned assets used in association. In any event, prior to
undertaking a valuation, the valuer should establish (in conjunction with
Client and/or advisors) whether assets are subject to operating lease, finance
lease or loan, or other secured lending. The conclusion on this regard and
wider purpose of the valuation will then dictate the appropriate basis and
valuation methodology.

[emphasis in original]

I note parenthetically that this is likely a reference to an older version of
the IVS since Mr Khan admitted at the trial that he had relied on the version
from the year 2000 instead of the year 2017 (see [186] below). 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 117 line 18 to p 120 line 8; RK at p 34
para 38.

140 The defendant explained why it did not exclude leased assets from third
parties when it did the valuation of the Assets of NKI. Mr Chan said the
defendant was asked by NKI to value the plant and machinery and it was “not
told which is leased and which one is not”. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Transcript (6 October 2021) at p 62 lines 23 to 24.

141 Mr Chan came to know of the leased assets from Mr Khan’s expert report and
he was asked what the impact on the defendant’s valuation would have been if
the defendant had known of the leased assets. Mr Chan said he would have
adjusted the fair market value and the forced sale value in the 1st Report
downward by about 10–15%. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Transcript (6 October 2021) at p 63 line 16 to p 64 line 4.

The fair market value and the forced sale value in the 1st Report are
US$26,899,000 and US$12,130,000 respectively (see [18] above). If these
figures are less by 10–15%, the fair market value would have been
US$24,209,100 (less 10% of US$26,899,000) to US$22,864,150 (less 15% of
US$26,899,000) and the forced sale price would have been US$10,917,000 (less
10% of US$12,130,000) to US$10,310,500 (less 15% of US$12,130,000).

142 The above calculations show that the leased assets would make a difference
in the valuations in the 1st Report.

143 However, the evidence shows that the defendant was informed that all the
Assets were not leased. Mr Mendoza testified during cross-examination that he
was informed during the site inspection of NKI’s premises that all of the
Assets were in NKI’s ownership. I reproduce the material portion as follows:
189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript (7 October 2021) at p 58 lines 10 to 22.

Mr Parwani: Mario, you are saying that when you did the inspection, you didn’t
check whether the land and the building belonged to NKI or it was rented or
anything.

A: Because we were actually just focusing on plant and machinery, so we didn’t
bother to ask about the property aspect.

Q: Did you even ask whether any of the plant and machinery was leased out?

A: Yeah, we -- we -- I remember, we enquired about that but everything that
they pointed to us, they said is it’s their ownership. That’s why we put in
the -- in the covering letter for our report tendered that these are
properties exhibited to us as that or for NKI.

[emphasis added]

As stated above, Mr Mendoza explained that because NKI had indicated that all
its Assets were in its ownership, the defendant put in the cover letter of the
1st Report that the assets inspected were exhibited to the defendant as that
of NKI’s. This is supported by the documentary evidence, as shown by the
material extract of the 1st Report here: 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

AB at p 773; DCS at para 136.

Pursuant to your instructions, we [ie, the defendant] have inspected certain
assets exhibited to us as that of NK Ingredients Pte Ltd, in order to advise
you of our opinion of the Fair Market Value (In Continued Use) and Forced Sale
Value as at 13 March 2017.

[emphasis added]

144 I find Mr Mendoza’s explanation satisfactory. His account of NKI’s conduct
is consistent with NKI’s representation to the plaintiff that the Assets were
“unencumbered”. In an email dated 1 February 2018, Mr Metzger stated to a
representative of the plaintiff and Mr Choo as follows: 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

AB at p 258.

All,

I wanted to make sure we have a common understanding of NKI’s funding needs.
NKI already has a commitment for a factoring facility in the amount of USD1.8
million.

NKI needs a tranche of capital to provide liquidity for raw material purchases
and provide a cushion while revenues are increased and cash flow turns
positive.

The capital/loan can likely be provided under 211e financing although the
collateral for the loan, Tuas plant and equipment, is unencumbered.

…

[emphasis added]

145 In light of the strong corroborating evidence in favour of the defendant,
I find that the defendant was misled by NKI into believing that all the Assets
belonged to NKI. Hence, the defendant’s omission to account for the leased
assets did not breach para 90.3 of the IVS. The defendant therefore did not
breach its duty of care to the plaintiff in this regard.

146 Hence, I find that the defendant did not breach its duty to take care in
providing a reasonable estimate of the fair market value and forced sale value
in the 1st Report.

147 For completeness, I shall address the significance of the rest of the Mr
Khan’s expert report.

148 Mr Khan was asked to comment on the defendant’s 1st Report and the 2nd
Report as to whether these Two Reports were prepared in accordance with
practices which are regarded as professionally competent and acceptable by
industry standards. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

RK at p 1 of Expert Report para 2.

Mr Khan critiqued the Two Reports. For the 1st Report, Mr Khan stated that
there were mathematical errors in the calculation of the defendant’s fair
market value of US$26,899,000 and the forced sale value of US$12,130,000;
however, he did not propose a different fair market value and forced sale
value or forced liquidation value. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

RK at pp 17 to 18 of Expert Report.

Instead, the emphasis of Mr Khan’s opinion was that the forced sale value was
not strictly a basis of value and that the defendant should have worked on the
worst-case scenario for the plaintiff, the lender, which would have been the
scrap value. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

RK at p 7 of Expert Report para 18.

In this regard, Mr Khan’s opinion is flawed as it was NKI, the defendant’s
client, who requested for the forced sale value and not the scrap value of the
Assets. Since the plaintiff was not the defendant’s client, the defendant
would not have valued the Assets on the basis of the scrap value or the worst-
case scenario, when the instruction from NKI, the paying client, was to value
the Assets on the basis of a forced sale scenario.

149 Mr Khan did not express his expert opinion as to what the fair market
value and the forced sale value in the 1st Report should have been. This may
suggest that he found the fair market value of US$26,899,000 and the forced
sale value of US$12,130,000 to be reasonable. Moreover, in using the market
data approach to ascertain the scrap value, Mr Khan tapped on his personal
contacts to invite three contractors to provide price quotations. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 38 lines 15 to 19.

Only two contractors quoted S$1m to S$1.5m for the scrap value of the Assets,
excluding the decommissioning cost. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

RK at pp 21 to 23 of Expert Report.

Since the data was gathered from Mr Khan’s own contacts and not from offers in
the open market, the two quotations from Mr Khan’s own contacts lack
objectivity and are insufficient to constitute market data.

(3) Conclusion on breach of duty of care

150 For the above reasons, the defendant did not breach its duty to the
plaintiff to take care in providing a reasonable estimate of the fair market
value and the forced sale value of the Assets.

Causation

(1) The applicable law

151 As regards the law on causation in the tort of negligence, the Court of
Appeal in Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3
SLR(R) 782 (“Sunny Metal”) has provided a succinct summary (at [52]–[55]):

52 … causation … is in turn made up of causation in fact and causation in law.
Causation in fact is concerned with the question of whether the relation
between the defendant’s breach of duty and the claimant’s damage is one of
cause and effect in accordance with scientific or objective notions of
physical sequence. It is concerned with establishing the physical connection
between the defendant’s wrong and the claimant’s damage. The universally
accepted test in this regard is the “but for” test, which we will elaborate on
later.

53 However, satisfying the ‘but for’ test is by no means a sufficient
condition because the all important “causation in law” test must be satisfied
as well. The reason for this is that to adopt the ‘but for’ test without limit
would lead to absurd results. To illustrate the potential absurdity, we refer
to the example provided in McGregor on Damages ([51] supra) at para 6-008.
Consider that a mother gives birth to a son who, when he grows up, commits
murder. Adopting the question of factual causation, it is clear that if the
mother had not decided to have a child in the first place, the murder would
never have happened; the ‘but for’ test is amply satisfied. She is thus a
cause in fact of the murder by virtue of a physical sequence that is unbroken
by scientific and objective notions of logic. Yet, it is equally true that the
law regards the mother as bearing no responsibility for the murder on account
of lack of negligence or other tortious activity on her part; it is the law
which removes her from being a cause of the murder. This is causation in law.
The rationale is to prevent indeterminate liability resulting from causation
in fact alone. This concern is most aptly summarised in Prosser and Keeton on
the Law of Torts (West Group, 5th Ed, 1984) at p 266, which we gratefully
adopt:

It should be quite obvious that, once events are set in motion, there is, in
terms of causation alone, no place to stop. The event without millions of
causes is simply inconceivable; and the mere fact of causation, as
distinguished from the nature and degree of the causal connection, can provide
no clue of any kind to singling out those which are to be held legally
responsible.

54 As illustrated by the example just discussed, sometimes, the defendant’s
conduct sets off a sequence of events, each one of which is a necessary link
in the causal chain between the initial wrong and the claimant’s damage. In
such cases, the court has to determine whether any of the intervening events
can be said to be so significant causally as to break the causal link to be
regarded as a novus actus interveniens. There is usually no dispute as to what
in fact happened to cause the claimant’s damage; rather the question is which
event will be treated as the cause for the purpose of attributing legal
responsibility. The court therefore has to decide whether the defendant’s
wrongful conduct constituted the ‘legal cause’ of the damage. This recognises
that causes assume significance to the extent that they assist the court in
deciding how best to attribute responsibility for the claimant’s damage: see
M’Lean v Bell (1932) 48 TLR 467 at 469. In effect, as Andrews J quite candidly
put it in Palsgraf v The Long Island Railroad Company 248 NY 339 (1928) at
352:

[B]ecause of convenience, of public policy, of a rough sense of justice, the
law arbitrarily declines to trace a series of events beyond a certain point.
This is not logic. It is practical politics.

55 These principles were recognised recently by this court in Jet Holding Ltd
v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769, where it said (at
[108]): ‘Indeed, where it can be established that a novus actus interveniens
has broken the chain of causation, the defendant will be freed from
liability.’ See also Salcon Ltd v United Cement Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 353;
TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543; Low Hua Kin v
Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 689; and Saatchi &
Saatchi Pte Ltd v Tan Hun Ling [2006] 1 SLR(R) 670 (at [25] and [26]), in
which the High Court found that there was no break in the chain of causation
when the event relied on was an inanimate act or the omission of a third party
which formed one of the links between the negligent conduct and the damage
complained of.

[emphasis in original]

152 Regarding the “but for” test, the court in Sunny Metal explained as
follows (at [71]–[73]):

71 In the traditional ‘but for’ test, the claimant bears the burden of proving
cause in fact and is only entitled to succeed if he or she proves on the
balance of probabilities that, but for the defendant’s wrongful conduct, he or
she would not have been injured. If, on the balance of probabilities, the loss
would have been suffered even if the defendant had not acted negligently, the
claimant is not entitled to recover. This is well established in local case
law: see Chong Yeo and Partners v Guan Ming Hardware and Engineering Pte Ltd
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 30 at [12]; Tan Hun Hoe v Harte Denis Mathew [2001] 3 SLR(R)
414 (“Tan Hun Hoe”) at [47]; Yeo Peng Hock Henry ([68] supra) at [19]; The
Cherry ([63] supra) at [67]; and Chew Swee Hiang v AG [1990] 2 SLR(R) 215.
Indeed, Christopher Lau JC stated in Guan Ming Hardware & Engineering Pte Ltd
v Chong Yeo & Partners [1996] 2 SLR(R) 382 at [99] that:

… [The lack of causation] is a direct attack on the plaintiff’s case, for it
indicates that the plaintiff’s case is defective in one of its elements. From
this it must follow that it must be part of the plaintiff’s assertions that
there is sufficient causation, and therefore the burden must lie on him.

However, as alluded to above, this is problematic in certain circumstances,
where it might be impossible for the claimant to prove cause in fact.

72 In Cook v Lewis [1951] SCR 830, the Canadian Supreme Court shifted the
burden of disproving cause in fact to the defendant. In that case, two hunters
simultaneously discharged their rifles and the claimant was injured. The jury
determined that the claimant was shot by one of the defendants, but did not
determine which one. On the basis of the reasoning in a similar American case
(Summers v Tice 199 P 2d 1 (1948)), Cartwright J, for the majority, held that
if the jury was of the opinion that both defendants were negligent in shooting
towards the claimant but was unable to decide which one, both should be held
liable. The burden lay on them to prove otherwise.

73 In other cases, Canadian, English and Australian courts have held that the
‘but for’ test should be applied flexibly and with common sense. Thus,
although the burden of proving cause in fact is not reversed and no actual
presumption of causation is created, an inference of causation may be drawn
even in the absence of affirmative scientific evidence of causation, or where
the claimant’s evidence of causation is minimal: see, for example, Wilsher v
Essex Area Health Authority [1988] AC 1074 and March v E & M H Stramare Pty
Limited (1991) 171 CLR 506. In fact, this court in United Project Consultants
Pte Ltd v Leong Kwok Onn [2005] 4 SLR(R) 214 appeared to apply a
commonsensical approach to causation in place of the ‘but for’ test.

(2) My findings

(A) The plaintiff has to prove causation in a bifurcated trial

153 I first pause to address a preliminary but important issue.

154 As I have stated above, the trial for the present matter was bifurcated by
the parties (see [9] above). The plaintiff submits that “[a]s the trial of
this matter has been bifurcated, the Court is not required to make a finding
of the actual losses that the [plaintiff] suffered in either of the two
scenarios [ie, in respect of the 1st Report or the 2nd Report]”. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PCS at para 9.

In other words, the plaintiff claims that the bifurcation of the trial
obviated its need to prove causation.

155 In Tan Woo Thian v PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte Ltd [2021]
1 SLR 1116, the Court of Appeal dealt with precisely the same situation as the
one at hand. The Court of Appeal held as follows (at [6]–[8]):

6 This appeal may be dealt with swiftly even though we think a number of
difficult issues arise in connection with the question of whether a duty of
care arises. That is because even assuming, for the sake of argument, that a
duty of care exists, and that the respondent had breached that duty, the
appeal inevitably fails at the hurdle of causation. A cause of action in
negligence is inchoate absent evidence of actual loss. This is distinct from
the question of what the precise quantum of such loss is. The appellant’s sole
argument on causation, as set out in his Appellant’s Case at [94], was that
the trial was bifurcated between liability and quantum, and that the case
should go for assessment of damages if breach of a duty of care was made out.

7 The appellant’s contention in this regard is, with respect, incorrect. It
wrongly conflates the separate questions of whether the appellant is able to
establish that the respondent’s breach has caused loss, with the quantum of
that loss. In order to even make out the tort of negligence, it must first be
shown that the defendant’s breach has in fact caused loss. As observed in
Winfield & Jolowicz on Tort (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2014) at para 7-002:

Even if the claimant proves every other element in tortious liability he will
lose the action or, in the case of torts actionable per se, normally fail to
recover more than nominal damages, if what the defendant did is not treated as
a legal cause of his loss. This issue is logically distinct from and anterior
to the question of measure of damages which will be dealt with at a later
stage. Thus, in one of the leading cases, the issue was whether the defendants
were liable for fire damage to a wharf which arose from a rather unusual chain
of events after the defendants spilled oil into a harbour. If they had been
liable (in fact they were not) the prima facie measure of damages would have
been the cost of repairing the wharf plus consequential losses like loss of
business … …

8 It follows from this that if, and to the extent, the trial had been
bifurcated between liability and quantum, then the plaintiff would not have
been obliged to adduce evidence at the liability stage of the trial as to the
quantification of the losses and injuries he claims he suffered. But, he would
nonetheless have been obliged to show that he did, in fact, suffer one or more
types of loss that was causally connected to the alleged breach.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Hence, in a bifurcated trial, the plaintiff nevertheless has to prove the
element of causation for his claim in negligence although it does not have to
ascertain the extent of the losses.

156 The plaintiff’s submission on this point is therefore misconceived.

(B) The application of the “but for” test

157 Applying the traditional “but for” test, the issue here is whether the
plaintiff would have granted the Loan had the defendant provided NKI with a
reasonable estimate of the forced sale value in the 1st Report.

158 In the 1st Report, the defendant applied a percentage of approximately
45.1% to the fair market value to derive the forced sale value. This can be
seen by working backwards (US$12,130,000 ÷ US$26,899,000 = 0.451). Mr Mendoza
also testified that the defendant’s usual practice is to apply a percentage of
20% to 75% to the fair market value to derive the forced sale value (see [96]
above). 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript (7 October 2021) at p 39 lines 18 to 21.

159 As explained above (at [135]), the plaintiff relies on the defendant’s
alleged concession that the fair market value in the 1st Report ought to have
been US$20m if it had accounted for the Purchase Price of S$20m. Yet, using
this figure of US$20m and the lowest percentage that the defendant would have
employed under the DRT (see [97] and [135] above), ie, 20%, this would yield a
forced sale value of US$4m. Next, taking the highest discount of 15% to
account for the value of the leased assets (see [141] above), this would yield
a forced sale value of US$3.4m. A forced sale value of US$3.4m is still much
higher than the Loan amount, which is S$1.6m. Hence, even if the correct
quantum of the forced sale should have been US$4m or US$3.4m, I find that the
plaintiff would have still granted the Loan to NKI.

160 Furthermore, the evidence clearly shows that the value of the Assets was
not the plaintiff’s sole consideration in granting the Loan.

161 In the plaintiff’s Credit Note, the rationale for the Loan was stated as
follows: 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

AB at p 676.

1) Syndicated loan will receive super-priority in accordance with s211E of the
Companies Act (Rescue financing);

2) Potential & further growth for the lanolin business as the borrower is only
operating at 20% to 30% of their factory resources (original cost of the
factory at USD 100 mill);

3) Good business profile & personal estimated [net worth] of PG (SGD 6 mill);

4) Fully secured by company’s machinery & equipment valued at USD 27 mill, FSV
USD 12 mill & Mr David Leow & family personal residential properties;

162 From the above, it is immediately clear that the plaintiff’s Credit
Committee had assessed NKI to have good business prospects and felt that the
Loan would be safely secured. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

DCS at paras 166 and 167.

I surmise that the plaintiff’s representatives were impressed with the Assets
after the site visit of NKI’s premises on 23 January 2018. The plaintiff saw
the Assets spread over NKI’s premises, which was a huge property that was
about the size of four to five football fields. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Transcript (23 September 2021) at p 86 lines 10 to 11; Transcript (8 October
2021) at p 34 lines 23 to 25.

At the trial, Mr Choo testified as follows: 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Transcript (21 September 2021) at p 124 line 25 to p 125 line 24.

Court: Mr Choo, would you like to explain to me -- I'm still look[ing] at the
credit note. I’m looking at this rationale number 2 which states:

‘Potential & further growth for the lanolin business as the borrower is only
operating at 20% to 30% of their factory resources …’

What do you understand from this second point?

A: Well, it’s an opinion from the executive team that there is potential for
this business. However, it’s operating at a very low capacity because of
cashflow constraints. So the plant could actually go up very substantially in
terms of production but it just didn’t have the money. That was my
understanding.

…

A: … My understanding from this sentence is that the executive team believes
the plant, the business has a great deal of potential because it is currently
operating at only 20, 30 per cent capacity. If it had the money, the funding
to buy more wool grease and increase production, it could do a lot better than
what it was doing at the time.

Thus, the evidence shows that the plaintiff cast its caution to the wind when
it felt that their loan of S$1.6m was relatively small compared to the size of
the Assets and thus felt that the Loan amount was safely secured.

163 The Credit Note also showed that the plaintiff had considered Mr Leow’s
property at D’Grove Villas at 8A Orange Grove Road and his daughter’s property
at The Ladyhill at 1 Ladyhill Road (see [20] above) as additional security in
granting the Loan. Indeed, this is supported by Mr Choo’s e-mail dated 1
February 2018 wherein the Credit Committee granted approval of the Loan: 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

AB at p 264.

Loan of up to $1.2 million to NKI against debenture on all assets – including
receivables, etc and not just plant and equipment – as well as the personal
guarantee of David Leow is approved. …

In other words, the Assets were not the only security that the plaintiff
considered.

164 Moreover, Mr Leow testified that he knew Mr Choo, who was the chairman of
the plaintiff’s Credit Committee, before the Loan was approved and that Mr
Choo was instrumental in approving the loan of S$1.6m to NKI: 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Transcript (23 September 2021) at p 146 lines 3 to 22.

Mr Parwani: Let’s start with ground zero. How was Choo instrumental in this
connection in this loan?

Court: First, was Mr Choo instrumental in this loan? ‘This loan’ refers to the
loan with [the plaintiff], the loan which you eventually got 1.6 million;
right?

A: Yes.

Court: So was Mr Choo instrumental in this loan of 1.6 million?

A: Yes, he was instrumental.

Mr Parwani: Okay. Then can you tell this court, why do you say he was
instrumental?

A: Well, because I base it on my past relationship with him. And Mr Choo was
instrumental in the sense that he helped push the deal through by also
engaging another loan with me -- for me, with Goldbell.

Q: So your understanding of ‘instrumental’ is because not only he got [the
plaintiff] to give you this loan, he also arranged for Goldbell to give you
the loan?

A: Yes. Yes, precisely.

In the circumstances, Mr Choo’s and Mr Leow’s prior business relationship
would have contributed to the plaintiff’s granting of the Loan.

165 Hence, the evidence shows that the forced sale value of the Assets in the
1st Report was not the plaintiff’s sole consideration in granting the Loan. As
a corollary, if the forced sale value had been lower than the Loan amount
(especially by an insubstantial amount), it is plausible that the plaintiff
would have still granted the Loan to NKI.

166 I, therefore, find that the plaintiff has not proven that but for the
defendant’s 1st Report, it would not have granted the Loan to NKI. Thus, the
plaintiff has not established the element of causation on the balance of
probabilities.

Conclusion for the 1st Report

167 I find that the defendant did owe a duty of care to the plaintiff when the
1st Report was prepared. The scope of this duty only extends to taking care in
providing a reasonable estimate of the fair market value and forced sale
value. The defendant was not obliged to provide the scrap value in the 1st
Report as NKI did not request to include it. The defendant also did not equate
the scrap value of the Assets with the forced sale value.

168 I also find that the defendant did not breach the duty of care in its
computation of the fair market value and forced sale value. The plaintiff has
not proven the defendant’s computation errors meant that the defendant had not
attained the requisite standard of care of an ordinary competent valuer. Also,
since the defendant complied with the industry approved cost approach of the
valuation, the defendant was not obliged to consider NKI’s purchase price of
the plant and machinery. Its omission to do so therefore did not amount to a
breach of its duty of care. The defendant also did not breach its duty of care
by not accounting for the leased assets in its valuation of the Assets, since
it was informed by NKI that NKI had owned all of the Assets.

169 Nevertheless, even if the defendant had committed such a breach, this
breach would not have caused the plaintiff’s loss as the plaintiff would have
granted the Loan to NKI in any case. I also pause to make an important
observation regarding the 1st Report. The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Khan, did not
indicate what should have been the correct fair market value and forced sale
value or forced liquidation value. The implication, therefore, is that the
defendant’s fair market value and the forced sale value were satisfactory.

170 Hence, I find that the plaintiff has failed to prove on a balance of
probabilities that the defendant was negligent in its preparation of the 1st
Report.

171 I shall now deal with the 2nd Report.

The 2nd Report

172 The plaintiff claims that as a result of the defendant’s negligent
overstatement of the forced sale value and the scrap value of the Assets in
the 2nd Report, the plaintiff did not appoint its own receiver and manager
prior to the appointment of NKI’s judicial manager on 20 August 2019. The
plaintiff contends that its “current loss would have been avoided or at least
minimised” if the defendant was not negligent. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

SOC at para 36.

173 I highlight at the outset that the plaintiff’s pleadings and the evidence
adduced did not disclose the loss suffered by the plaintiff arising from the
2nd Report other than a missed opportunity to appoint a receiver and manager.
However, whether the plaintiff could succeed in the appointment of its own
receiver and manager is a discretion of the court that dealt with the
financial crisis of NKI as there were other creditors going after NKI.

Duty of care

174 I have stated above (at [47]–[48]) that the applicable law as regards
finding a duty of care is the Spandeck test. This involves the threshold issue
of factual foreseeability and the two-stage test of legal proximity and policy
considerations.

175 In relation to the 1st Report, I have found that the defendant owed a duty
of care to the plaintiff to provide a reasonable estimate of the fair market
value and forced sale value in the 1st Report. The scope of this duty is
circumscribed by NKI’s instructions to the defendant.

176 To recapitulate, in the 2nd Report, the defendant valued NKI’s Assets as
follows (see [28] above): 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

TYHB at para 39.

(a) Replacement cost, new: US$84,605,000;

(b) Fair market value: US$27,747,000;

(c) Forced sale value: US$9,774,000; and

(d) Scrap value: US$4,003,000.

177 The same analysis under the Spandeck test for the 1st Report would apply
here as well.

178 It is factually foreseeable that a failure on the defendant’s part to
prepare a true and fair report of the forced sale value and scrap value of
NKI’s Assets in the 2nd Report could result in the plaintiff’s loss. Hence, I
find that the defendant ought to have foreseen that the plaintiff would suffer
damage if the defendant had been careless in its preparation of the 2nd
Report.

179 Just like the case of the 1st Report (see [116] above), the defendant knew
that creditors such as the plaintiff would rely on the 2nd Report.
Notwithstanding the indication in the 2nd Report that it was for “corporate
management purpose” (see [28] above), the defendant knew that NKI’s creditors
would be relying on the 2nd Report. There were various e-mails in May 2019
regarding the 2nd Report between the defendant and NKI, in which a
representative of KordaMentha was copied. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

AB pp 970 to 974.

KordaMentha was engaged by NKI to assist in the corporate restructuring
arising from its financial distress. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

POS at para 54.

Indeed, as Mr Leow testified, Kordamentha needed the 2nd Report in order to
comply with a court order in the judicial management proceedings, so that
NKI’s creditors could be assured of the Assets’ value. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

DLTC at para 47.

In one e-mail dated 13 May 2019, Mr Mendoza referred to one Mr Oh Jia Rong
(“Mr Oh”) from KordaMentha as NKI’s “adviser”. I set out this email below: 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

AB at p 974.

From: Mario Roberto Mendoza

Sent: Monday, May 13, 2019 3:31pm

To: Cindy

Cc: Jia Rong Oh

Subject: Fw: Proposal 2019-0127 (ME)

Good afternoon Ms. Cindy. Sorry to have missed out your adviser in the loop.
I’m resending again.

Best regards,

Roberto

Prior to this email, the correspondence showed that NKI wanted the 2nd Report
before 17 May 2019. On 16 May 2019, Mr Mendoza, in his email to NKI (a)
attached the initial 2nd Report to NKI for its review and approval and (b)
copied Mr Oh on this email. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

AB at p 970.

The totality of the above evidence therefore shows that Mr Mendoza knew of
KordaMentha’s role as NKI’s adviser for the latter’s corporate restructuring.
In the circumstances, the defendant must have known beforehand about NKI’s
financial distress and the moratorium that was then in force (see [24]–[27]
above). The moratorium was in force because NKI intended to organize a scheme
of arrangement with the creditors (see [26]–[27] above). Therefore, it follows
that the defendant must also have known that third parties such as NKI’s
creditors would rely on the 2nd Report. Furthermore, as the defendant’s
involvement in the 1st Report was relatively recent, the defendant would have
known that since NKI was looking for lenders and investors, such parties would
now be concerned creditors during this period of corporate restructuring.

180 I, therefore, find that the defendant had voluntarily assumed
responsibility to take care in providing reasonable valuations in the 2nd
Report. The defendant also knew of the plaintiff’s likely reliance on this
report, and the latter could reasonably do so since it was a creditor. Hence,
I find that there is legal proximity between the plaintiff and the defendant.
This duty of care extends to four values in the 2nd Report: CRN, fair market
value, forced sale value and scrap value. The scrap value would have been the
most important consideration to the plaintiff.

181 I pause to state that, for the same reasons set out above (at [179]) and
similar to the case of the 1st Report, the same Limiting Conditions (viz, cll
3, 8 and 10) should not apply to negate a finding that the defendant owed a
duty of care in respect of the 2nd Report. Since the defendant was clearly
aware that a specific class of persons, ie, lenders and investors of NKI,
which includes the plaintiff, would rely on the 2nd Report, it is not
reasonable for the defendant to rely on the Limiting Conditions to exclude or
limit its liability from negligence, if successfully proven. I reiterate that
even if the Limiting Conditions are common and standard terms used by
professional valuers, that is immaterial.

182 Finally, there are similarly no policy considerations to negate the
existence of such a duty of care. Conversely, because valuers ought to be
responsible for providing their professional opinion, there is a policy
consideration in favour of finding such a duty of care (see [116] above).

183 Hence, I find that the defendant owes the plaintiff a duty to take care in
providing reasonable valuations of the CRN, the fair market value, the forced
sale value and the scrap value in the 2nd Report.

Breach of duty of care

184 I have set out the applicable law as regards breach of duty of care above
(at [118]–[119]). To recapitulate, a valuer has to “attain the requisite
standard of care of an ordinary competent valuer”.

(1) Scrap value

185 The plaintiff relies on the RK Report to show that the defendant had
overstated the scrap value of the Assets amounting to US$4,003,000 in the 2nd
Report (see [28] above). The RK Report states that the salvage value of the
Assets was only S$1m to S$1.5m (see [30] above). The RK Report purports to
highlight several deficiencies in the 2nd Report.

186 According to Mr Khan, the salvage value actually referred to a range of
values pertaining to the appraised assets, and the scrap value refers to the
lower end of this range. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 15 line 17 to p 16 line 1; p 17 lines 6 to
16.

Indeed, the IVS states the following at para 6.8.1 (see [30] above): “[a]t the
other extreme, Salvage Value may represent scrap value or the value for
recycling” [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics].
Hence, the scrap value refers to the lowest salvage value. In this regard, Mr
Khan claimed that “scrap value” is not a basis of valuation under the IVS. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 15 line 17 to p 16 line 1; RK at p 8 of
Expert Report para 22.

However, Mr Khan admitted at the trial that he had relied on an older version
of the IVS, ie, the version from the year 2000 instead of the year 2017. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 117 line 18 to p 120 line 8; RK at p 34
para 38.

Nevertheless, in my view, since NKI requested for the scrap value of the
Assets, the defendant did not breach its duty to provide such a value to NKI.
As I have noted above (at [85]), para 20.2 of the IVS states that “compliance
with IVS may require the valuer to use a basis of value that is not defined or
mentioned in the IVS”.

187 Next, the plaintiff relies on Mr Khan’s expert report to submit that the
defendant’s calculation of the scrap value was inaccurate. There are two
points to note from this report.

188 First, in contrast to the cost approach adopted by the defendant in the
2nd Report, Mr Khan’s expert report adopted the market approach. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

RK at p 20 of Expert Report para 43.

I have set out these two approaches above (at [122]–[123]).

189 As I have explained above in the context of the 1st Report, according to
Mr Chay and Mr Mendoza, both are acceptable approaches to the valuation of the
Assets (see [121]–[123] above). 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

CY at p 18 paras 5.1 to 5.3; MM at p 3 paras 12 to 14.

. Hence, in my view, Mr Khan’s market data approach is simply another approach
to ascertain the scrap value. This does not mean that the defendant’s cost
approach is wrong. This choice between accepted approaches was up to the
valuer’s judgment and discretion. Hence, the defendant did not breach its duty
of care when it chose to adopt the cost approach in ascertaining the scrap
value.

190 Second, Mr Khan’s expert report claimed that the defendant should not have
determined the scrap value of the Assets by using a percentage of the CRN and
certain other costs factors should have been deducted. Mr Khan’s expert report
states as follows: 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

RK at p 10 of Expert Report paras 25 and 40 to 41.

25\. It is erroneous for the Defendant in determining the Scrap Value for its
material content using a percentage from the Replacement Cost, New. Even when
the “foundry gate prices” (prevailing scrap metal prices) and the “standing
tonnage” (actual weight) of the plant were established, in the case of this
plant, the following cost factors would have to be deducted to arrive at the
‘net worth’ of the material content:

(a) cost of labour, equipment hire & miscellaneous costs to dismantle and
remove the material content from its current premises;

(b) costs for flushing, removal & disposal of the leftover waste chemical /
oil in relation to health and safety standards; and

(c) costs of building structure / civil works reinstatement to make good or
restore the premises to its rightful state of condition.

…

40\. In order to ascertain the Scrap Value of the Subject Plant, the valuer
has to calculate and compute the actual weight / tonnage of each individual
asset. To do that, one needs to find out the actual material content of
various assets by relying on actual engineering drawings with construction
specifications or taking actual measurements (i.e., length, width, height and
thickness), determine the type of metal material and even weighing them where
feasible.

41\. The next step is to multiply the weight with the prevailing scrap metal
price. To ascertain the actual weight and for an accurate measurement,
ideally, the assets have to be weighed on a weighbridge or weighing scale.
However, the bulk of the assets in the Subject Plant are not standalone,
individual machines. The plant involved an assemblage of various types of
machinery & equipment connected with a network of pipelines.

As can be seen from the above, Mr Khan claimed that: (a) decommissioning costs
should have been accounted for in the scrap value; and (b) the defendant
should have calculated the scrap value of the Assets by multiplying the actual
weight of each individual asset by its price (the “tonnage approach”). With
regard to (a), I shall deal with the issue of decommissioning costs below (see
[196]). With regard to (b), it is not clear whether the tonnage approach is a
third approach, or a subset of either the cost or market approaches. I note
that the defendant understood the plaintiff’s case to be that the tonnage
approach would comply with the market approach. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

DCS at para 242.

If that is the case, the analysis above with regard to the market approach
would apply to the tonnage approach. Nevertheless, for the avoidance of doubt,
I shall consider the merits of the plaintiff’s case regarding the tonnage
approach separately as well.

191 As regards the tonnage approach, the plaintiff notes that the defendant
was able to calculate the weight of the Assets. In response to a query by the
plaintiff in February 2020, the defendant stated that the estimated weight of
the Assets was 4,000 tonnes. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

PCS at para 132; MM at pp 444.

The plaintiff submits that the defendant ought to have used the tonnage method
to calculate the scrap value. The plaintiff further submits that, if the
defendant had used the weight of 4,000 tonnes, the scrap value of the Assets
would have been S$800,000 to S$1.2m, which would have been less than the Loan
amount. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

PCS at paras 134 and 155.

192 The defendant explained why it did not use the tonnage method. According
to Mr Chan, for an exact calculation of the Assets’ weight, all the Assets
have to be individually weighed. If this is not possible, the weight is
estimated based on the dimensions of the Assets. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Transcript (5 October 2021) at p 48 lines 13 to 20.

Mr Mendoza explained that because most of the Assets’ dimensions furnished to
the defendant were themselves estimates, he was not confident of getting an
accurate estimate of the Assets’ weight. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

DCS at para 239; Transcript (8 October 2021) at p 21 line 7 to p 22 line 6.

Moreover, Mr Khan’s expert report states as follows: 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

RK at p 20 of Expert Report para 42.

41\. … To ascertain the actual weight and for an accurate measurement,
ideally, the assets have to be weighed on a weighbridge or weighing scale.
However, the bulk of the assets in the Subject Plant are not standalone,
individual machines. The plant involved an assemblage of various types of
machinery & equipment connected with a network of pipelines.

42\. In this situation, it is very challenging, as a valuer, to estimate the
Subject Plant’s weight based on visual observation, without the benefit of
dismantling and weighing the items. Whilst for an experienced dealer, a visual
inspection of the Subject Plant will provide a rough estimate of the
weightage.

[emphasis added]

Evidently, on the plaintiff’s own evidence, it would be difficult to dismantle
and weigh each individual asset in order to compute an accurate total weight
of the Assets. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

DCS at para 241.

Hence, the defendant had chosen a method which was, in its view, more
accurate. In the circumstances, the defendant cannot be faulted for exercising
its discretion in calculating the scrap value of the Assets by using a
percentage of the CRN.

193 Moreover, in respect of both points above, the 2nd Report stated clearly
that the defendant “[has] primarily used the Cost Approach to valuation” and
specifically used the “Depreciated Replacement Cost” method. In the 2nd
Report, the defendant stated as follows: 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

AB at pp 56 to 58.

…

The term ‘Scrap Value’ as used herein, is an opinion of the amount, expressed
in terms of money that could be realised for the assets if they were sold for
their material content, not for productive use, as of a specified date.

…

We have personally inspected the assets on 2 May 2019, and have given
consideration to:-

Cost of replacement, new of the replaceable assets in accordance with current
market prices for materials, labour, manufactured equipment, freight and other
related charges, installation, contractor’s overhead & profit and fees, but
without provision for overtime or bonuses for labour and premiums for
materials;

Accrued depreciation as evidenced by the observed condition and present and
prospective serviceability in comparison with new units of like kind;

Extent, character and utility of the assets; and

Cost of similar assets in the market.

VALUATION APPROACH/VALUE CONCLUSION

Wherever deemed appropriate, we have used two (2) of the generally accepted
approaches which are mostly used in the valuation of plant and machinery, in
valuing the assets.

The Cost Approach or what is referred to as the Depreciated Replacement Cost
(DRC) method considers first to establish the Replacement Cost, New, or the
cost to reproduce or replace in new condition the asset/s appraised, with the
same or of equivalent utility, considering current prices for materials,
labour, manufactured machinery & equipment, freight, installation and
commissioning and start up (if any), and other attendant costs and related
charges, as of the specified cut-off date of the valuation.

The net value arrived at after deducting from the Replacement Cost, New the
considerations for the depreciation due to physical deterioration arising from
utility, age, wear and tear, and where further adjustments are made either
upward or downward as to the appraiser’s judgement of his or her observed
condition of the asset/s, obsolescence (if any) and other relevant
contributory factors which would either adversely or positively affect the
value of the assets at the time of inspection, would be the accumulated
depreciated value, or the Market Value.

The Market Data Approach is used in valuing assets where there is an
established market comparable. This considers prices for offers and/or
transacted sales for similar assets, and where further adjustments (if deemed
needed) are then imputed relative to these comparables, to reflect the
condition and utility of the subject assets in order to arrive at the Market
Value.

Further discounts were then applied to the market value which in our opinion
would fetch a Forced Sale.

The Scrap Value was estimated as a percentage of the Cost of Replacement, New
on a case to case basis, as to the material content of the subject assets.

For this exercise, we have primarily used the Cost Approach to valuation, and
the values were reported in US Dollars. For any conversion done, we have used
the exchange rates prevailing as at 2 May 2019, the inspection date as well as
the valuation cut-off date.

[emphasis in original in italics and underline; emphasis added in bold
italics]

From the above, the defendant had thoroughly explained the specific
methodology that it used in deriving the scrap value for the 2nd Report and
NKI had accepted it. I emphasise that the defendant expressly stated that it
calculated the scrap value of the Assets using a percentage of the CRN. The
plaintiff, having read the 2nd Report and acquiesced in the defendant’s choice
of valuation methodology, cannot now critique this choice. If the plaintiff
did not agree with this choice, it should have commissioned its own valuation
report.

194 In addition, there was nothing wrong in the defendant’s execution of the
cost approach by its deviation from the depreciation values in the DRT.
According to the DRT, the guidelines suggest that for scrap value, the range
of depreciation is 0 to 2.5% of the CRN. Mr Mendoza explained his reasons for
using a higher range of 2% to 7% instead of the guidelines in the DRT: 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Transcript (8 October 2021) at p 42 lines 12 to 23.

Q: So would you agree that your reference of using 2 to 7 per cent is wrong?

A: To me, the depreciation reference table is just a guideline. So it was in
my judgment call to go beyond the percentage range for scrap, because of the
wide variation in the material components that the most -- there are precious
metals that are composing the components, like copper, stainless steel,
aluminium, so it was on my judgment call that I would use a wider range which
is below the rating for the poor condition. So I opted to use a wider range,
that’s why 0 to 7 per cent.

195 The defendant also did not have to apply a discount for the leased assets
of NKI as it was not told about the leased assets. In any case if these leased
assets had been excluded, Mr Chan estimated that the scrap value determined by
the defendant should have been reduced by 10% to 15%. In the 2nd Report, the
scrap value was US$4,003,000. Thus, the new scrap value should have been
US$3,602,700 (less 10% of US$4,003,000) to US$3,402,550 (less 15% of
US$4,003,000) if 10% to 15% is discounted from the original estimate of the
scrap value. After taking into account these estimated discounts the scrap
value is still far more than the Loan sum of S$1.6m. However, as I have
explained above (at [139]–[146]), the defendant was informed that all the
Assets belonged to NKI. Hence, the defendant did not breach its duty of care
by not accounting for the value of the leased assets.

196 However, the defendant did not account for the decommissioning costs for
the scrap value. I note that the IVS states at paras 50.27 and 50.28 as
follows: 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

AB at pp 1345 and 1346.

Salvage Value/Disposal Cost

50.27. The terminal value of some assets may have little or no relationship to
the preceding cash flow. Examples of such assets include wasting assets such
as a mine or an oil well.

50.28. In such cases, the terminal value is typically calculated as the
salvage value of the asset, less costs to dispose of the asset. In
circumstances where the costs exceed the salvage value, the terminal value is
negative and referred to as a disposal cost or an asset retirement obligation.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

As I have noted above (at [186]), the scrap value refers to the lowest end of
the salvage value. Indeed, Mr Khan mentioned that, for the purpose of
calculating the scrap value, the decommissioning costs must be taken into
account. This is especially important for NKI’s Assets as these Assets were
used for processing chemicals and there would be toxic waste involved. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Transcript (22 September 2021) at p 30 line 25 to p 31 line 14.

Mr Mendoza acknowledged that he ought to discount the decommissioning costs
from the scrap value of the materials of the plant and machinery. He was asked
to estimate the decommissioning costs for NKI’s huge plant and machinery and
he gave a “guestimate” of about S$200,000. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Transcript (8 October 2021) at p 36 line 9.

197 Since the defendant failed to account for the decommissioning costs in
calculating the scrap value where it ought to have done so, the defendant has
breached its duty to take care in providing a reasonable scrap value in the
2nd Report.

(2) Forced sale value and fair market value

198 In the 2nd Report, the forced sale value and the fair market value are
US$9,774,000 and US$27,747,000 respectively. These figures also did not
account for the value of the leased assets (see [139]–[141] above). If the
value of the leased assets is factored in, there should have been a discount
of 10% to 15%. The forced sale value without the leased assets would have been
US$8,796,600 (less 10% from US$9,774,000) to US$8,307,900 (less 15% from
US$9,774,000). The fair market value without the leased assets would have been
US$24,972,300 (less 10% of from US$27,747,000) to US$23,584,950 (less 15% from
US$27,747,000). After taking into account these estimated discounts the fair
market value and the forced sale value are still far more than the Loan sum of
S$1.6m.

199 Again, as I have explained above (at [139]–[146]), the defendant was
informed that all the Assets belonged to NKI. Hence, the defendant did not
breach its duty of care by not accounting for the value of the leased assets
here as well.

(3) Conclusion on breach of duty of care

200 For the above reasons, I find that the defendant did not breach its duty
to take care in providing a reasonable estimate of the scrap value, the forced
sale value and the fair market value of the Assets in the 2nd Report.

201 I turn next to the issue of causation.

Causation

202 The principles governing the issue of causation as enunciated above (at
[151]–[152]) will also apply equally to the 2nd Report. I reiterate that
although the trial had been bifurcated, the plaintiff nevertheless needs to
prove the element of causation (see [153]–[156] above).

203 The plaintiff alleges that the forced sale value and the scrap value in
the 2nd Report assured it that the value of the Loan was firmly secured. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

POS at para 56.

Hence, the plaintiff claims that “but for” the overstated value of the scrap
value in the 2nd Report, it would have applied to appoint its own receiver and
manager prior to the appointment of the judicial manager on 20 August 2019.
231

##### Foot Note 231

×

SOC at paras 33 and 36.

Indeed, the plaintiff is entitled to do so under cl 15.1 of the Deed of
Debenture, which states as follows: 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

AB at p 24.

15\. APPOINTMENT AND RIGHTS OF RECEIVERS

15.1 Appointment of Receivers

(a) If the Borrower [ie, NKI] fails to pay, satisfy or discharge any part of
the Secured Amounts or any other Default has occurred (whether or not the
Lender [ie, the plaintiff] has taken possession of the Charged Property [ie,
the Assets]), without any notice or further notice, the Lender may, by deed or
otherwise in writing signed by any officer or manager of the Lender or any
person authorised for this purpose by the Lender, appoint one or more persons
to be a Receiver

…

The plaintiff further submits that had it done so, the Assets “would not be
subject to the authority of the JM” as its appointed receiver and manager
“would have taken over the cash in bank and receivables that were due to NKI”.
233

##### Foot Note 233

×

PRS at p 28.

204 I pause to note that the plaintiff’s reference to a “receiver and manager”
in its Statement of Claim 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

SOC at paras 33 and 36.

is a reference to a singular entity. To begin with, a “receiver and manager”
refers to a receiver vested with management powers. The Report of the
Insolvency Law Review Committee (2013) states as follows at p 50:

2\. In the corporate insolvency context, a receiver is normally appointed by a
security holder for the predominant purpose of realising the security and
applying the proceeds of sale towards the discharge of the debts owed to the
debenture holder. Where the security is a floating charge that covers the
undertaking of the company (or more commonly termed in commercial parlance as
a ‘debenture’), the receiver is also conferred powers of management over the
undertaking of the company, and is known as a receiver and manager.

[emphasis added]

In the Deed of Debenture, it is stated that “‘[r]eceiver’ means a receiver
and/or manager appointed in respect of the Charged Property”, ie, a singular
entity. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

AB at p 9.

Moreover, cl 15 and Schedule 1 of the Deed of Debenture provides that the
plaintiff’s appointed receiver would have powers of management on top of its
powers of realising the security. I reproduce an excerpt below: 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

AB at pp 35 to 36.

SCHEDULE 1

RIGHTS OF RECEIVERS

Any Receiver appointed pursuant to Clause 15 (Appointment and Rights of
Receivers) shall have the right, either in its own name or in the name of the
Borrower or otherwise and in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as
that Receiver thinks fit, and either alone or jointly with any other person:

1\. Enter into Possession

To take possession of, get in and collect the Charged Property and to require
payment to it or to the Lender of any Book Debts or credit balance on any Bank
Account.

2\. Carry on business

To manage and carry on any business of the Borrower.

3\. Contracts

To enter into any contract or arrangement and to perform, repudiate, rescind
or vary any contract or arrangement to which the Borrower is a party.

…

Hence, in the present case, the plaintiff submits that it would have appointed
a single receiver and manager, ie, not a receiver and a manager in addition if
it had not been for the 2nd Report.

205 To begin with, it is not even clear that the plaintiff would have
definitely been able to appoint its own receiver and manager. I note that the
private appointment of a receiver and manager, as opposed to the court’s
appointment of one, “flows from the exercise of a creditor’s contractual
powers (usually under the terms of a debenture) granted by a company”: see Kao
Chai-Chau Linda v Fong Wai Lyn Carolyn and others [2016] 1 SLR 21 at [20].
Here, the moratorium granted in favour of NKI lapsed on 1 July 2019 and NKI
entered into judicial management on 20 August 2019 (see [27] and [29] above).
Arguably, the plaintiff could have attempted to appoint its own receiver and
manager during this interim period. However, given that LLS Capital resumed
pursuing its judicial management application immediately (see [27] above), LLS
Capital would have applied to the court to object to the plaintiff’s
appointment of its own receiver and manager. Indeed, pursuant to the now
repealed ss 221(1) and 222(1) of the Companies Act (now ss 81(1) and 82(1) of
the IRDA), both the court and LLS Capital would have notice of this
appointment. In oral submissions, the plaintiff agreed that it is not
completely certain that it would have been able to appoint a receiver and
manager as this would depend on whether LLS Capital would object. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Transcript (23 November 2021) at p 59 line 5 to p 63 line 17.

Hence, the loss alleged here is that of the plaintiff’s chance to appoint its
own receiver and manager which is vague and uncertain. Even if the plaintiff
had applied, it does not necessarily follow that the court would grant its
application.

206 With regard to the loss of a chance, the Court of Appeal has stated in JSI
Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a firm) [2007] 4 SLR(R) 460 (at
[147]–[148]) and in Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific
Management Pte Ltd and another [2005] 1 SLR(R) 661 (at [133] and [135]) that:

(a) First, the plaintiff must first prove on a balance of probabilities that
but for the defendant’s acts, the plaintiff would have taken the necessary
steps to “put it on track to secure the benefit of that chance”.

(b) Second, once causation is established for the loss of a chance, all that
is needed to be shown is that the chance which was lost was “real or
substantial”. The plaintiff is not required to show, on a balance of
probabilities, that the chance would have come to fruition.

207 From the above legal principles, the plaintiff must first show that but
for the defendant’s over valuation in the 2nd Report the plaintiff would have
taken steps to appoint a receiver and manager. It is this issue which I shall
turn to examine below.

208 I first examine the scrap value. Taking the lowest scrap value above after
applying a discount for the leased assets, ie, US$3,402,550 (at [195]), and
subtracting $200,000 for decommissioning costs (at [196]), this yields a final
scrap value of US$3,202,550. Evidently, even if the scrap value had taken into
account the value of the leased assets and the decommissioning costs, it would
still be much higher than the Loan sum of S$1.6m.

209 I next examine the forced sale value. As I have explained above, after
accounting for the value of the leased assets, the forced sale value would
have at least been US$8,307,900 (see [198] above). Again, this value is
exceedingly higher than the Loan sum of S$1.6m.

210 Hence, both the scrap value and the forced sale value are also
substantially above the Loan sum. The 2nd Report would have indicated that the
Loan was firmly secured notwithstanding that the eventual scrap value of the
Assets was only S$250,000 (net).

211 Thus, the plaintiff has failed to prove on a balance of probabilities that
“but for” the 2nd Report, it would have applied to appoint its own receiver
and manager. Accordingly, there is no need to further examine if the loss of
this chance was “real or substantial”. The plaintiff has therefore failed to
prove the element of causation in its claim for negligence premised on the 2nd
Report.

Conclusion for the 2nd Report

212 I find that the defendant did owe a duty to take care in providing a
reasonable estimate of the fair market value, the forced sale value and the
scrap value in the 2nd Report. The defendant did not breach its duty of care
by: (a) using the scrap value as a basis of valuation instead of the salvage
value; (b) using the cost approach of calculating the scrap value instead of
the market approach or the tonnage method; and (c) not accounting for the
value of the leased assets in respect of all three values. However, the
defendant breached its duty of care by failing to account for the
decommissioning costs in respect of the scrap value. Nevertheless, the
plaintiff has failed to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that the
defendant’s breach has caused it loss since it would not have taken steps to
appoint its own receiver and manager in any event. By failing to establish
causation, the plaintiff has not proven all the elements of the tort of
negligence. Hence the plaintiff has failed to prove that the defendant was
negligent in its preparation of the 2nd Report.

Observations on the plaintiff’s conduct in relation to its loss

213 Having found that the defendant was not negligent in preparing the Two
Reports, it is unnecessary to deal with the issue of whether the plaintiff had
mitigated its loss or whether the plaintiff was contributorily negligent.

214 Nevertheless, for completeness, I state my observations on these two
issues below.

Mitigation of loss

215 It is trite law that the plaintiff owes a duty to mitigate in respect of a
claim in tort. This was succinctly explained by the court in Cristian
Priwisata Yacob and another v Wibowo Boediono and another and another suit
[2017] SGHC 8 (at [310]):

… it is clear that the duty to mitigate arises in respect of both claims in
tort and contract. Andrew Burrows in Remedies for Torts and Breach of Contract
(Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2004) at p 122 explains that the duty to
mitigate ‘is a restriction placed on compensatory damages. A claimant should
not sit back and do nothing to minimize loss flowing from a wrong but should
rather use its resources to do what is reasonable to put itself into as good a
position as if the contract had been performed or the tort not committed.’ In
a similar vein, The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 20.098 summarises the
principle as follows:

It is the defendant’s burden to show that the plaintiff ought to have taken
reasonable steps to prevent or reduce the plaintiff’s loss arising from the
defendant’s tort. If the defendant is able to discharge his or her burden, the
loss claimable by the plaintiff would be reduced accordingly. The question of
mitigation is one of fact, not law. The standard of conduct expected of the
plaintiff in mitigation is generally not a high one considering that the
defendant is the wrongdoer.

216 The plaintiff made little attempt at mitigating its loss.

217 When the plaintiff was asked to liquidate the Assets, it only had one
reference from Soilbuild, ie, Sin Hock Huat Construction Pte Ltd. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

SOC at para 30; POS at para 62.

I understand the plaintiff was not given much time to clear the premises.
Nevertheless, the plaintiff should have requested for more time from Soilbuild
in order to get the best price for the Assets. There is no evidence that the
plaintiff did so.

218 There is also no evidence that the plaintiff attempted to auction the
Assets, which would have been the most effective way of securing the best
price.

219 Furthermore, there is no evidence that the plaintiff advertised the sale
of the Assets. Lastly, Ms Leow Lay Sing, a former employee of the plaintiff
who was instrumental in the sale of the Assets, had the RK Report which
contained two other contacts for scrap materials. Yet, she did not contact
these two contractors. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Transcript (24 September 2021) p 73 line 7 to p 75 line 16.

220 Hence, the plaintiff clearly made insufficient efforts to ameliorate its
loss and to ensure the best price for the Assets.

Contributory negligence

221 The evidence also reveals that the plaintiff was contributorily negligent.

222 The law on contributory negligence has been set out by the Court of Appeal
in Asnah bte Ab Rahman v Li Jianlin [2016] 2 SLR 944 at [18]–[22]:

18 In the introduction to our judgment, we noted that a victim’s right to
recover damages from a tortfeasor has to be modulated by the extent to which
he could himself have prevented the accident from happening. The doctrine of
contributory negligence gives effect to this position. Even though the
defendant is found to have been negligent, contributory negligence provides
him a partial defence by reducing the quantum of damages payable to a claimant
where the claimant failed to take due care for his own safety and thus caused
loss to himself. In determining contributory negligence, one looks solely at
the conduct of the claimant in the prevailing circumstances of each case
(Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2014) at para
4-03). Contributory negligence connotes a failure by the claimant to take
reasonable care for his own personal safety in all the circumstances
prevailing at the time of the accident, such that he is blameworthy to the
extent that he contributed to his own injury. A person is guilty of
contributory negligence if he ought to have objectively foreseen that his
failure to act prudently could result in hurting himself and failed to take
reasonable measures to guard against that foreseeable harm (Cheong Ghim Fah v
Murugian s/o Rangasamy [2004] 1 SLR(R) 628 (‘Cheong Ghim Fah’) at [83]). The
above discussion is neatly borne out by Denning LJ’s (as he then was) dictum
in Jones v Livox Quarries Ld [1952] 2 QB 608 (‘Jones v Livox’) at 615:

Although contributory negligence does not depend on a duty of care, it does
depend on foreseeability. Just as actionable negligence requires the
foreseeability of harm to others, so contributory negligence requires the
foreseeability of harm to oneself. A person is guilty of contributory
negligence if he ought reasonably to have foreseen that, if he did not act as
a reasonable, prudent man, he might hurt himself; and in his reckonings he
must take into account the possibility of others being careless. [emphasis
added]

19 While the literal meaning of ‘contributory negligence’ may suggest that the
claimant owes some form of duty to the defendant, there is no such requirement
in law. A finding of contributory negligence is not premised on a breach of
some duty owed to the defendant. What is, however, required of the defendant
is that he shows that the claimant owes himself a duty to take care of his own
safety in the prevailing circumstances of the case. In this regard, we refer
to the following clarifications Lord Simons made in Nance v British Columbia
Electric Railway Co Ltd [1951] AC 601 at 611:

… But when contributory negligence is set up as a defence, its existence does
not depend on any duty owed by the injured party to the party sued, and all
that is necessary to establish such a defence is to prove … that the injured
party did not in his own interest take reasonable care of himself and
contributed, by this want of care, to his own injury. For when contributory
negligence is set up as a shield against the obligation to satisfy the whole
of the plaintiff’s claim, the principle involved is that, where a man is part
author of his own injury, he cannot call on the other party to compensate him
in full. …

20 As a general rule, the standard of care expected of the claimant is
measured against a person of ordinary prudence, corresponding in most cases to
the standard of care in negligence (Sungravure Pty Ltd v Meani (1964) 110 CLR
24 at 36–37; see also A C Billings & Sons Ltd v Riden [1958] AC 240 at 252;
see also generally Glanville Williams, Joint Torts and Contributory Negligence
(Stevens & Sons Ltd, 1951) at p 353).

21 In Singapore, the defence is statutorily enacted in the Contributory
Negligence and Personal Injuries Act (Cap 54, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Contributory
Negligence Act”). The relevant provision in the Contributory Negligence Act is
s 3(1) which reads:

3.—(1) Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault
and partly of the fault of any other person or persons, a claim in respect of
that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person
suffering the damage, but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be
reduced to such extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to
the claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage.

22 Section 3(1) of the Contributory Negligence Act was adopted from s 1(1) of
the English Law Reform (Contributory Negligence) Act 1945. Both these
provisions were enacted to correct the perceived injustice inherent in the
common law doctrine of contributory negligence. Prior to legislative
intervention, courts were not allowed to apportion damages between the
claimant and the defendant. Butterfield v Forrester (1809) 11 East 60 was
often cited as a case manifesting such injustice, as it represented the common
law rule that where a claimant’s injury was caused in part by his own fault,
he was wholly disentitled from claiming damages from the negligent defendant.
The passing of the apportionment legislation assisted claimants to recover
part of their losses even where they were contributorily negligent. With
contributory negligence now being a partial defence, courts are now empowered
to apportion the damages recoverable if the injury was partly due to the
claimant’s own fault. As would be apparent from the provision, fault can arise
not only from a positive act but also from an omission on the part of the
claimant. …

[emphasis in original]

223 In my view, the plaintiff was partly to be blamed for its loss by failing
to conduct its own independent due diligence by seeking a valuation of its
own.

224 To begin with, such independent due diligence was essential as NKI was in
financial distress in 2018 (see [19] above). At that time, the plaintiff was
informed that NKI was under a court-ordered moratorium in OS 1384 and that NKI
had negotiated a debt restructuring plan with its creditors. Further, when the
1st Report was delivered to the plaintiff, it was already more than a year
old. In the circumstances, it would have been prudent and wise for the
plaintiff to have a separate valuation report on its own terms before the Loan
was granted, notwithstanding that the defendant was an experienced and
professional valuer. Bearing in mind that valuation is an art and not an exact
science, since the 1st Report was provided to NKI, ie, the borrower, the
valuations in the 1st Report would likely have been tailored favourably for
NKI’s purposes. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

CHK2 at para 11(a); DCS at paras 80 and 96.

225 Moreover, the Limiting Conditions in the 1st Report would have alerted the
plaintiff to the danger of relying on the 1st Report, especially when they
purport to limit the usage of the 1st Report to NKI and its professional
advisers only. When the plaintiff read the Limiting Conditions before the Loan
was approved, it should have been concerned about the defendant’s attempt at,
inter alia, limiting its liability to the quantum of its professional fee.
This should have been a crucial consideration since the Loan sum of S$1.6m far
exceeds the defendant’s professional fees. It is immaterial that the court now
finds, in the present proceedings, that the defendant cannot rely on the
Limiting Conditions as it would be unfair for the defendant to use them as a
bulwark against liability. The point here is that the plaintiff should have
exercised more caution at the time of considering whether to grant the Loan to
NKI.

226 Furthermore, as I have noted above, the plaintiff had received a sum from
NKI for the express purpose of conducting such due diligence (see [73] above).
Yet, the plaintiff simply proffered no convincing reason for its omission to
do so.

227 The plaintiff explained that it did not carry out its own independent
valuation as it trusted the defendant, an experienced and professional valuer.
This explanation is ironic. If the plaintiff did indeed trust the defendant,
then why is it now claiming that the defendant was negligent? Moreover, the
plaintiff did not even know the defendant when the Loan was disbursed.
Evidently, the plaintiff’s purported trust in the defendant is nothing more
than an excuse for its own carelessness in granting the Loan to NKI as it
failed to conduct its own independent valuation of NKI’s Assets before the
Loan was approved.

228 The plaintiff gave another reason for not conducting an independent
valuation: it would take a long time to do so. This explanation is
unsatisfactory. There is no evidence that a valuation would take an inordinate
amount of time. The only reason why the defendant took so long to furnish the
1st Report was because NKI made several changes to its original instructions.
241

##### Foot Note 241

×

DCS at para 99(a).

More importantly, the plaintiff’s unwillingness to expend time for an
independent valuation is not a valid excuse. The plaintiff should have done
more to safeguard its interests but simply carelessly failed to do so at the
material time. Hence, if the plaintiff had commissioned an independent
valuation to begin with, the present dispute would likely not arise.

229 Hence, the plaintiff had suffered loss partly of its own fault and its
claim in respect of its loss would have been reduced accordingly.

The credibility of the defendant’s witnesses

Mr Chan’s and Mr Mendoza’s credibility

230 Mr Mendoza admitted to lying in court. He first distanced himself from the
calculation of the 4,000 tonnes of the Assets (see [191] above) and suggested
that the weight was worked out by his colleague, Mr Alexis Dominguez, as he
was out of town during that period. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Transcript (8 October 2021) at p 10 lines 3 to 19.

Later, he admitted that he had returned to the office and he was involved in
the calculation of the 4,000 tonnes. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Transcript (8 October 2021) at p 14 lines 4 to p 16 line 12.

231 Moreover, when he first took the stand, Mr Mendoza wanted to make an
amendment to his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”). 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Transcript (6 October 2021) at p 89 lines 1 to 22.

At para 11 of his AEIC, Mr Mendoza initially stated that “[f]or plant and
machinery valuation, it is [the defendant’s] practice to adhere to the
standards set by the International Valuation Standards Council …” [emphasis
added]. He wanted “adhere” to be amended to “comply”. In cross-examination, Mr
Mendoza eventually admitted that before he was due to give evidence in court,
Mr Chan had told him to tell the court that he did not “100 per cent comply
with the guidelines”. I set out the material portions of Mr Mendoza’s evidence
below: 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Transcript (6 October 2021) at p 101 line 12 to p 106 line 5.

Q: So I’m quite curious why you decided to amend this paragraph to change from
‘adhere’ to ‘comply’ this morning. Did Mr Chan have a word with you about the
questions that I had asked him?

A: No, I don’t think so.

…

Q: So did you have a short discussion with him before you took the stand
today? Be honest, Mario.

A: Yes, but it was just a casual discussion.

Q: Did he suggest to you to change ‘adhere’ to ‘comply’?

…

Court: Mr Mario, did you have a brief discussion with Mr Chan today?

A: About the -- about this matter but just a casual discussion.

Court: What is this casual discussion?

A; Just -- I mean, just few pointers that -- to -- during the proceedings that
I be attentive to the questions and be careful with my reply.

Mr Parwani: Mario, why suddenly change ‘adhere’ to ‘comply’? Did Chan tell you
to -- did Chan suggest this to you?

A: No, no. He did not make any suggestions.

Q: So did he discuss with you about the IVS and that I will ask questions --
or I had asked him questions about the IVS? Mr Mario, before you answer,
please note that you have taken an oath to tell the truth and it is important
that your testimony be honest. It doesn’t matter if your testimony doesn’t
reflect on the defendant, but you have to be honest to this court.

So if he did discuss with you, please just tell us he discussed with you and
we can move on to the next question.

A: Yeah, he discussed with me but he didn’t make any suggestion.

Q: But did he talk to you about the IVS?

A: Just to -- not really in detail, but just to -- I mean, be -- be familiar
or be attentive with the questions pertaining to the IVS, that’s all he said.

…

A: … It is not a detail[ed] discussion. But just -- just advised that -- just
advised for me to be attentive to the questions particularly to the IVS.

…

Court: Did Mr Chan discuss with you about IVS?

A: Yes, but beforehand. Not today, but I think during our previous meeting --
our previous meeting.

…

Q: So last week Friday or Saturday you met Chan in your office?

A: Yes. I mean --

Q: You casually had a discussion with him about this case?

A: Yes.

Q: Did he share with you the questions that I had asked him, some questions at
least? He must have shared with you something; right?

Mr Mario, you put your hand on the Bible and raised your hand to tell the
truth.

A: Yes, he said something but I cannot remember what he said.

Q: … Mario, please tell the truth. What was your discussion with Chan about on
Friday or Saturday?

A: It was about this case, but I cannot remember all the details.

Q: So what are some of the details that you remember?

A: One of them is about the IVS.

Q: Okay. So what about the IVS?

A: Just to -- I mean just to be attentive to the questions that will be asked.

Q: Mr Mario, if he just told you to be attentive, you wouldn’t want to come
and tell the court you want to change from “adhere” to ‘comply’; right? There
must have been something more than to just tell you to be attentive.

So what did he tell you, Mr Mario?

A: I’m trying to recall. Although we complied -- we complied with IVS -- we
complied with the IVS, that -- because there are some departures from the IVS
that it’s not 100 per cent -- it’s not 100 per cent -- how to call it? Guide
-- it’s not 100 per cent -- what I mean by ‘comply’, is that we need -- we
don’t need to go by the book. We don’t need to go by the book means -- because
my interpretation of ‘adhere’ is you strictly go by the rules.

Q: Correct.

A: So it does not necessarily mean that we have to comply totally with the
guidelines.

Q: So Chan told you to tell the court that you did not 100 per cent comply
with the guidelines, is that it?

A: Yes.

232 From the above, it is apparent that Mr Chan had told Mr Mendoza to be
careful in giving evidence to the court. It is unclear from the above if Mr
Chan had told Mr Mendoza specifically to make the amendment, or that Mr
Mendoza wanted to make the amendment because of Mr Chan’s advice to him. In
either case, the amendment was motivated by a desire to be truthful to the
court. To Mr Mendoza’s understanding, “comply” did not mean strict observance
with the IVS but “adhere” did. Because the defendant did not observe the
provisions of the IVS to the letter, Mr Mendoza and/or Mr Chan wanted to
communicate this state of affairs through Mr Mendoza’s amendment. In the
circumstances, there is insufficient evidence for the plaintiff’s grave
allegations that there was “witness tampering” and that Mr Chan wanted to
“pervert the course of justice to achieve his own ends”. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

PRS at para 3.

233 Nevertheless, as a matter of prudence, I have treated Mr Mendoza’s and Mr
Chan’s evidence with caution and sought corroborative evidence wherever
possible. Having evaluated their evidence, I find that it was safe to rely on
those parts of their testimony in my analysis above.

Mr Chay’s credibility

234 In cross-examination, Mr Chay stated that he is not a plant and machinery
valuer, but a business valuer. In this regard, he explained that he had
experience in assessing valuation reports relating to plant and machinery, but
he had not done valuations of plant and machinery personally. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Transcript (11 October 2021) at p 92 line 10 to p 94 line 18.

The plaintiff therefore submits that Mr Chay lacked the relevant expertise to
give evidence for the present matter. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

PRS at paras 5 and 6.

235 However, Mr Chay is familiar with how plant and machinery valuers conduct
their valuations according to various industry standards as he would have to
work with them. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Transcript (11 October 2021) at p 93 line 16 to p 94 line 4.

Accordingly, he has some expertise on the valuation bases and methodologies
employed by the defendant and knowledge of industry standards. However, I was
advertent to the limitations of Mr Chay’s opinion.

Conclusion

236 For the above reasons, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claims. I make the
following findings:

(a) For the 1st Report, the defendant owed the plaintiff a duty to take care
in providing a reasonable estimate of the fair market value and forced sale
value of the Assets. This duty did not extend to providing a reasonable
estimate of the Assets’ scrap value as NKI did not instruct the defendant to
do so. The defendant explained that the forced sale value is different from
the scrap value. The defendant did not breach its duty of care to the
plaintiff when it used the cost approach to value the Assets and did not
account for the Purchase Price of the Assets. The defendant also did not
breach its duty of care when it did not account for the leased assets in its
valuation of the Assets. In any case, even if there was such a breach, it
would not have resulted in the plaintiff’s loss since the forced sale value
would have still been higher than the Loan sum in any event (see [46]–[170]
above). Thus, the plaintiff fails to establish that the defendant is liable
for negligence.

(b) For the 2nd Report, the defendant owed the plaintiff a duty to take care
in providing a reasonable estimate of the fair market value, forced sale value
and scrap value of the Assets. The defendant did not breach its duty of care
by: (a) using the scrap value as a basis of valuation instead of the salvage
value; (b) using the cost approach of calculating the scrap value instead of
the market approach; and (c) not accounting for the value of the leased assets
in respect of all three values. However, the defendant breached its duty of
care by failing to account for the decommissioning costs of the Assets when
calculating the scrap value. Nevertheless, this breach did not result in the
plaintiff’s loss as the forced sale value and the scrap value would have still
been higher than the Loan sum in any event (see [172]–[212] above).
Accordingly, the plaintiff has not proven that it would have taken steps to
appoint its own receiver and manager at the material time. Since the plaintiff
fails to prove the element of causation, it therefore fails to establish that
the defendant is liable for negligence.

(c) Even if I had held the defendant liable to the plaintiff, the plaintiff
did not adequately mitigate its damages since it did not take any sufficient
steps to ensure that it could obtain the highest price for the Assets. The
plaintiff would also have been contributorily negligent. In view of NKI’s
financial distress at the material time, the plaintiff should have procured an
independent valuation to safeguard its interests. The plaintiff could have
easily done so, especially when the cost of engaging an independent valuer
would be borne by NKI. The plaintiff could not provide an adequate and
satisfactory explanation other than that it would take time to do so. Hence,
the plaintiff had contributed to its loss by its conduct and its claim for its
loss would have been reduced accordingly (see [213]–[229] above).

(d) In the course of my analysis, I have been careful in assessing the
credibility of the defendant’s witnesses, viz, Mr Chan, Mr Mendoza and Mr Chay
(see [230]–[235] above).

237 The plaintiff is to pay costs to the defendant, to be agreed or taxed.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Vijai Dharamdas Parwani, Huang Po Han and Lim Shu Yi (Parwani Law LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Anparasan S/O Kamachi and Wong Jing Ying Audrey (Whitefern LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Jan 2022 (16:57 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

