Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 78

Tribunal Appeal No 22 of 2021

Between

| Combe International Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Dr. August Wolff GmbH & Co. KG Arzneimittel  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Intellectual Property — Trademarks — Opposition]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Combe International Ltd

  
v

  

Dr August Wolff GmbH & Co KG Arzneimittel

[2022] SGHC 78

General Division of the High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 22 of 2021  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
4 February 2022

7 April 2022

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 When you try your best, but you don’t succeed, try, and try again. This was
what the defendant 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The plaintiff is the appellant before me. To avoid confusion in this judgment,
I shall continue to refer to the appellant as plaintiff and the respondent as
defendant.

in the present case did. They first registered the mark “VAGISAN” in Class 3
(“Soaps, perfumery, essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotions”) and Class 5
(“Pharmaceutical products, sanitary products for medical purposes; dietetic
substances for medical purposes”) on 19 March 2012. At that time, the
plaintiff was the registered owner of four “VAGISIL” marks T9804752H,
T9804751Z, T0813410H, and T1112897J (the “VAGISIL Marks”), three of which
claimed goods in either Class 3 or Class 5. The plaintiff successfully applied
to the Principal Assistant Registrar (“PAR”) to invalidate the defendant’s
“VAGISAN” mark. The defendant’s appeal against the PAR’s decision was
dismissed by Hoo Sheau Peng J (“Hoo J”) in Dr August Wolff GmbH & Co KG
Arzneimittel v Combe International Ltd [2021] 4 SLR 626 (“Combe International
Ltd”).

2 After their initial unsuccessful attempt to keep their “VAGISAN” mark on the
register, the defendant revised the mark by adding the words “Dr. Wolff’s”,
and reapplied to have the marks registered in both Class 3 and Class 5. The
plaintiff, once again, opposed the defendant’s application to register their
mark. But this time, the defendant prevailed before the IP Adjudicator
(“IPA”), Mr Sheik Umar Bin Mohamed Bagushair, who allowed the registration: Dr
August Wolff GmbH & Co KG Arzneimittel v Combe International Ltd [2021] SGIPOS
10 (“IPOS Decision”).

3 The plaintiff now appeals against the decision of the IPA. Having heard and
considered the submissions of both parties, I dismiss the appeal. These are my
reasons.

Background

4 The background to this dispute has been canvassed by Hoo J in Combe
International Ltd at [2] – [3], but I provide a brief summary here. The
plaintiff was founded in 1949 by Ivan Combe. It has a number of in-house
brands which it has developed and markets, amongst which are its “VAGISIL”
products for feminine care.

5 The defendant is part of Dr. Wolff Group, a family business founded in 1905
and named after its founder, Dr August Wolff. Their business involves the
research, manufacture and marketing of dermatological, medicinal and cosmetic
products which are distributed in many countries. The name “VAGISAN”, which
was conceived by the defendant in 1994, is a portmanteau of the English word
“vagina” and the Latin word “sanitas”, which translates to “health”. The
defendant sells intimate care products for women under the “VAGISAN” mark in a
number of countries such as Austria, Malaysia and the United Kingdom. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s Submissions at [9].

6 There are several ongoing disputes between the plaintiff and defendant, both
in Singapore and elsewhere, arising out of objections by the plaintiff to the
defendant’s use of the “VAGISAN” mark. As mentioned, the plaintiff was
successful in its invalidation action against the defendant’s registration of
“VAGISAN” in Combe International Ltd. In an attempt to avoid further
litigation with the plaintiff, the defendant decided to add “Dr Wolff’s” which
was both the founder’s surname and an existing trade mark in Singapore, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s Submissions at [5].

and filed their application to register the mark: ![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
(the “Application Mark”) on 25 May 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle Vol 1, p 5.

Their application was accepted and published by IPOS for opposition purposes
on 7 December 2018. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle Vol 1, p 6.

7 On 8 April 2019, the plaintiff filed an opposition to the registration of
the Application Mark, in reliance on ss 8(2)(b), 8(4)(b)(i), 8(4)(b)(ii) and
8(7)(a) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”). The IPA found
that the opposition failed on all four grounds.

8 In relation to the first ground of opposition relied upon, ie, s 8(2)(b) of
the TMA, the IPA found that the Application Mark and the defendant’s “VAGISIL”
Marks were dissimilar. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle Vol 5, p 248 at [79].

As for the second and third grounds of opposition, ie, ss 8(4)(b)(i) and
8(4)(b)(ii) of the TMA, the IPA held that the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks
were, as of 19 March 2012, not well known to a relevant sector of the public,
and that the evidence, in the form of inconsistent sales figures, instead
showed that the “VAGISIL” Marks had not become well known since that date. As
to the last ground of opposition, ie, s 8(7)(a) of the TMA, the IPA held that
it failed on the basis that there was unlikely to be passing off as
misrepresentation was not established. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle Vol 5, p 254 at [102].

9 The plaintiff appealed against the IPA’s decision on the following grounds:

(a) In relation to s 8(2)(b) of the TMA, that the IPA erred in finding that:

(i) The element “Dr. Wolff’s” in the Application Mark is distinctive and is at
least of equal distinctiveness with the element “VAGISAN”;

(ii) The dominant element in the Application Mark “Dr. Wolff’s VAGISAN” is not
“VAGISAN”;

(iii) The Application Mark is visually dissimilar to the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL”
Marks;

(iv) The Application Mark is aurally dissimilar to the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL”
Marks;

(v) The Application Mark and the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks are conceptually
dissimilar; and

(vi) The Application Mark and the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks are dissimilar.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [2].

(b) In relation to s 8(7)(a) of the TMA, that the element of misrepresentation
was not established.

10 The plaintiff did not appeal against the IPA’s decision with regard to the
second and third grounds of opposition under ss 8(4)(b)(i) and 8(4)(b)(ii) of
the TMA.

Threshold for appellate intervention in appeals

11 As this is an appeal from the IPA’s decision, O 87 r 4(2) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, 2006 Rev Ed) provides that an appeal to the court from the
decision of the Registrar shall be by way of rehearing. There is therefore no
threshold requirement for a material error of fact or law to be shown before
appellate intervention is warranted.

12 As was noted by the Court of Appeal in Ceramiche Caesar SpA v Caesarstone
Sdot-Yam Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 308 (“Ceramiche Caesar”) at [15], which usefully
clarified any doubts raised by the prior decision in Future Enterprises Pte
Ltd v McDonald’s Corp [2007] 2 SLR(R) 845, the phrase “shall be by way of
rehearing in O 87 r 4(2) of the ROC directs the appellate court to hear the
matter afresh”. As such, there is no requirement that a “material error of
principle” be shown before an appellate court can intervene in such an appeal:
Ceramiche Caesar at [15].

13 The court in Ceramiche Caesar (at [17] – [23]) gave two other reasons as to
why there was no such threshold. First, trade mark opposition proceedings do
not involve the exercise of discretion, but rather, involve the question of
legal correctness and entitlement: Ceramiche Caesar at [17]. This is because
once it is shown, for example, that the marks are similar, the goods or
services are similar or identical, and that there is a likelihood of confusion
arising from the two similarities, the opposition must be allowed. There is no
room for discretion. Second, because there is no trial or oral evidence given
at trade mark opposition hearings, the appellate court is in as good a
position as the trial court in evaluating the facts: Ceramiche Caesar at [23]
citing Ho Soo Fong v Standard Chartered Bank [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [20]; see
also Tan Tee Jim, Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore Vol 1 at
[6.219]. There is therefore no threshold requirement that there be a “material
error of fact or law” before appellate intervention is warranted in appeals
from the Trade Marks Registry: Ceramiche Caesar at [24], Courts (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v Big Box Corp Pte Ltd [2018] 5 SLR 312 at [15].

14 Finally, I note that the introduction of the new Rules of Court 2021 does
not appear to, in any way, affect the principles relating to appellate
intervention in appeals from the Trade Marks Registry: see O 70 r 4(2) of the
Rules of Court 2021.

Section 8(2)(b) Trade Marks Act

15 The court adopts a step-by-step approach in applying s 8(2)(b) of the TMA:
The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd [2006] 2 SLR(R) 690
(“The Polo/Lauren (CA)”) at [8] and [15]. This means that the court first
considers the threshold question of whether the marks, as well as the goods
and services in question are similar before proceeding to consider whether
there is a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public: Staywell
Hospitality Group Pty Ltd v Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc [2014] 1
SLR 911 (“Staywell”) at [15]; Richemont International SA v Goldlion Enterprise
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 401 (“Richemont”) at [22]; see Tan Tee Jim
SC, Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore Vol 1 at [8.042] –
[8.056].

16 In the present case, there was no dispute between the parties as to whether
the goods and services in question were similar. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 3, p 578 at [108].

Therefore, I first consider the question of whether the Application Mark was
similar to the “VAGISIL” Marks before turning to the question of whether there
is a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

Similarity of the marks

17 The court’s assessment of marks is directed towards substantive similarity,
and comprises of three aspects – visual, aural and conceptual similarities:
Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd v Ventree Singapore Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 941 (“Hai
Tong”) at [40(a)]; Digi International v Teraoka Seiko Co, Ltd [2021] SGHC 165
(“Digi International”) at [86]. These three aspects guide the court’s inquiry
in assessing the similarity of the competing marks but are not meant to be a
checkbox exercise: Staywell at [17].

18 Further, in determining the similarity of the marks, the distinctiveness of
the earlier mark is an integral factor. As the court in Staywell noted (at
[30]):

…distinctiveness (in both its technical and nontechnical senses) is a factor
integrated into the visual, aural and conceptual analysis as to whether the
competing marks are similar. It is not a separate step within the marks-
similarity inquiry…

19 Where trade marks are concerned, there are two aspects to distinctiveness.
First, distinctiveness in the ordinary and non-technical sense simply refers
to what is outstanding and memorable about the mark. The court is entitled to
consider the distinctive components of a mark in assessing similarity because
it is this distinctive component that stands out in the consumer’s imperfect
recollection: Staywell at [23].

20 Second, distinctiveness in the technical sense refers to a trade mark’s
ability to function as a badge of origin. For a mark with greater technical
distinctiveness, a higher threshold must be crossed before a competing sign
will be considered dissimilar to it. A mark must be assessed as a whole in
order to assess its ability to function as a badge of origin – the individual
components of a mark may not be inherently distinctive, but the sum of its
parts may have sufficient technical distinctiveness: Staywell at [25] citing
Hai Tong at [35].

21 Where the marks have a common denominator, the question is whether the
common element of both competing marks were so dominant such that it rendered
the different elements ineffective in obscuring the similarity between the
marks: Staywell at [27] citing The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department
Store Pte Ltd [2005] 4 SLR(R) 816 at [25] and Richemont at [12].

Distinctiveness of the Application Mark

22 I am mindful that the assessment of distinctiveness is not a separate step
in assessing the similarity of the marks. However, in oral submissions before
me, it was clear to me that one key issue was whether “Dr. Wolff’s” could be
considered as a distinctive component of the Application Mark. This was
because the main contention between parties was whether the addition of “Dr.
Wolff’s” by the defendant rendered the Application Mark sufficiently
dissimilar from the plaintiff’s VAGISIL Marks such that there was no
likelihood of confusion. Further, the question of distinctiveness is a common
thread in assessing the visual, aural and conceptual similarities of the
marks: Digi International at [88]. As such, I begin with this analysis before
turning to comparing the visual, aural and conceptual aspects of the competing
marks.

23 The plaintiff first argues that the distinctive and dominant component of
the Application Mark is “VAGISAN”, and that the IPA erred in finding that “Dr.
Wolff’s” was at least as distinctive as “VAGISAN” and that the dominant
element in the Application Mark was not “VAGISAN”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [10].

24 I deal first with the plaintiff’s contention that “VAGISAN” is the
distinctive (ie, in the ordinary and non-technical sense) component in the
Application Mark because of the difference in font size between “Dr. Wolff’s”
and “VAGISAN”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [12].

The plaintiff points out that the difference in font size is meant to draw the
consumer’s attention to the word “VAGISAN”, and it is this difference in font
size that makes “VAGISAN” the more distinctive element as it draws and
captures the consumer’s attention.

25 For ease of comparison, I set out an enlarged version of the Application
Mark, and a smaller version which is what consumers are likely to see on the
product’s packaging.

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)|
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
---|---  
Enlarged Version| Smaller Version  
  
26 Although the IPA found that “the difference [was] not significant
especially when printed in smaller sizes on the packaging of the products”
(IPOS Decision at [46]), it is clear from the side-by-side comparison above
that there is a difference, in that the size difference between “Dr. Wolff’s”
and “VAGISAN” is somewhat less apparent in the enlarged version, as opposed to
the smaller version.

27 That said, even though there is a discernible difference between the font
size of “Dr. Wolff’s” and “VAGISAN” when considering a smaller version of the
Application Mark that is likely to appear on consumer packaging, I am of the
view that this difference is insufficient to render “VAGISAN” the distinctive
component of the Application Mark even when one looks at the smaller version.
This is because the words “Dr. Wolff’s”, while slightly smaller than
“VAGISAN”, are still clearly visible. Indeed, the smaller font size for “Dr.
Wolff’s” serves to accentuate those words in the context of the entire mark.
In my opinion, the average consumer, when viewing the Application Mark, is
therefore likely to register in her mind the words “Dr. Wolff’s” and
“VAGISAN”. This makes both components equally distinctive as they both capture
and draw the consumer’s attention.

28 I deal next, with the plaintiff’s contention that the IPA erred in
considering that the Application Mark would be printed in smaller sizes on the
packaging of the products as this is external matter or circumstances that
cannot be taken into account when assessing the similarity of the marks. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [13].

29 In comparing the similarity of the marks, the court must consider them as a
whole without taking into account any external added matter or circumstances,
as the comparison is to be made mark for mark: Hai Tong at [40(b)]. In
contrast, when considering the likelihood of confusion, the court is entitled
to take into account factors such as: the degree of similarity of the marks,
the reputation of the marks, and the circumstances in which consumers purchase
the goods of the type the mark is used for: Staywell at [96].

30 That said, this mark-to-mark comparison is undertaken from the average
consumer’s point of view, ie, someone who would exercise some care and measure
of good sense in making his or her purchases, not that of an unthinking person
in a hurry: Hai Tong at [40(c)]. The marks should not be examined side by side
in close proximity so as to account for the “imperfect recollection” of the
consumer: Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd v Ferrero SpA [2013] 1 SLR 531
(“Sarika”) at [18]; Hai Tong at [40(d)]. It may well be that in undertaking
this exercise, the size of the marks being compared does matter. Smaller
details may well become more pronounced in a larger version of the mark, as
opposed to a smaller one, and thus more likely to stand out in one’s memory.
However, in the present case, this has no bearing on my decision because I
find, for the same reason at [27] above, that the slight difference in font
size between “Dr. Wolff’s” and “VAGISAN” is sufficient to render both
components distinctive, regardless of whether one looks at an enlarged or
smaller version of the Application Mark.

31 Having dealt with distinctiveness in the non-technical sense, I turn now to
consider the plaintiff’s argument that “VAGISAN” is the more distinctive (ie,
in the technical sense) component in the Application Mark as opposed to “Dr.
Wolff’s”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at [15].

32 There are two aspects to distinctiveness in the technical sense: Staywell
at [24]; Digi International at [91] – [119]. The first is inherent
distinctiveness where words comprising the mark are meaningless and say
nothing about the goods or services. The second is acquired distinctiveness,
where the words have acquired the capacity to act as a badge of origin through
long-standing or widespread use even though the words may have a meaning or
describe the goods or services.

33 Where inherent distinctiveness is concerned, the plaintiff argues that
“VAGISAN” has a higher level of distinctiveness as compared to “Dr. Wolff’s”.
This is because “VAGISAN” is an invented word whereas “Dr. Wolff’s” bears the
meaning of referring to a doctor. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [15].

The plaintiff further argues that courts and tribunals have recognised that
the use of “Dr – Formative” marks tend to be less distinctive as they are
intended to establish the credibility of the goods with reference to a doctor
or medical professional or by alluding to the health-related properties of the
goods. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [20].

In support of this proposition, the plaintiff cites the following cases of
Combe International LLC and Others v Dr August Wolff GmbH & Co KG Arzneimittel
and others [2021] EWHC 3347 (Ch) (“Combe (UK HC)”), Dr. Grandel GmbH v S.A.
SPA Monopole Case No. R 91/2003-4 (“SPA Monopole”) and Dr. Grandel GmbH v
Gowoonsesang Cosmetics Co. Ltd. Opposition No B 3 051 772 (“Gowoonsesang”). I
now discuss them in turn.

34 As alluded to previously at [6] above, parties have been locked in
litigation around the world in relation to the use of the “VAGISAN” mark and
“VAGISIL” Marks, of which Combe (UK HC) was but one instalment in their legal
tussle over use of the marks. In that case, the same plaintiff in the present
suit had sued the same defendant for trade mark infringement. During the
course of oral submissions, the plaintiff there cited the following passage
for the proposition that “Dr – Formative” marks had lower distinctiveness
(Combe (UK HC) at [289(iii)]):

As Ms Want pointed out in her witness statement for trial, it is common for
pharmaceutical and cosmetic brands to use “Dr” followed by a name as the
“house” brand for a range of sub-products (she gave a number of examples.) In
such cases, it seems to me, the use of “Dr” followed by a name is intended to
seek to establish the credibility of the product – since it gives the
impression it has the imprimatur of someone who is medically qualified. It is
therefore not, it seems to me, likely to be understood as a signifier of trade
origin, but rather an indicator of the authenticity and likely effectiveness
of the product which is then described. That conclusion, it seems to me, is
reinforced by the evidence of Mr Bowman (see above at [277]), to the effect
that he still refers to the Defendants’ Moist Cream product as VAGISAN despite
the rebranding. It seems quite natural to me that he should do so.

35 In response, the defendant sought to distinguish Combe (UK HC) on the basis
that it was decided along different principles. That much is apparent from
Adam Johnson J’s comments where he stated that “whether there is a risk of
confusion must involve comparing the competing signs, and the carrying out of
a global assessment taking account of all the relevant factors”: Combe (UK HC)
at [288]. In Singapore, however, as the defendant correctly observes, it is
the step-by-step approach, rather than the global assessment method, that
applies: The Polo/Lauren (CA) at [8] and [15].

36 In any case, while that decision is not binding on me, I make one
observation. In Combe (UK HC) at [289(iii)], the witness, Ms Want, had
testified that pharmaceutical and cosmetic brands commonly used “Dr” followed
by a name as the “house brand” for a range of sub-products. Adam Johnson J
took the view that, based on her statement, the use of “Dr” followed by a name
was not likely to be understood as a signifier of trade origin, but rather as
an indicator of authenticity and effectiveness of the product. It is clear
that Adam Johnson J’s decision was premised on his evaluation of the evidence
before him, rather than it being an established principle of trade mark law.

37 In SPA Monopole, the proprietor of the mark “SPA” took out opposition
proceedings against the applicant’s attempt to register the mark “Dr. Grandel
Spa”. The Fourth Board of Appeal took the view (at [31]) that “SPA” had, due
to the well-known character of the town of the same name and its mineral
waters, an enhanced distinctive character. Therefore, when compared to “Dr.
Grandel”, which was simply the surname of an otherwise unknown doctor, from
the perspective of the average Benelux consumer, the word “SPA” of the
applicant’s mark was more distinctive. The Board further found that where
cosmetics, and beauty and wellness products are concerned, because
manufacturers market several product lines under a specific sub-brand,
consumers will consider that “Dr. Grandel Spa” goods would be marketed under
the control of the manufacturer of identical or highly similar goods bearing
the “SPA” trade mark.

38 The plaintiff relies on this to argue that the IPA, in holding that “Dr.
Wolff’s” was as distinctive as “VAGISAN” overlooked the fact that “Dr.
Wolff’s” was likely to be perceived as the name of an otherwise unknown
doctor, as was the case in SPA Monopole, especially given the vast number of
“DR-formative” trade marks used on Class 3 and 5 goods in the local market. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [21].

39 I reject this argument for two reasons. First, in SPA Monopole, the reason
why the Board found that “Dr. Grandel” was less distinctive was because “SPA”
had enhanced distinctive character. This says nothing as to the distinctive
character of “Dr. Grandel”, and indeed, as to the distinctive character of
“DR-formative” trade marks in general. Second, I do not think that it would be
appropriate, at the mark similarity stage of the analysis, to take into
account the fact that there are a vast number of “DR-formative” trade marks
for Class 3 and 5 goods. This amounts to external material, which simply
cannot be taken into account for the purposes of comparing mark similarity:
Staywell at [20]; Sarika at [17]; MediaCorp News Pte Ltd v Astro All Asia
Networks plc [2009] 4 SLR(R) 496 (“Mediacorp”) at [33].

40 Finally, in Gowoonsesang, the case concerned an opposition against the
European Union trade mark for the figurative mark ![](data:image/png;base64,
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).
The opposition was based on the earlier registered European trade mark
![](data:image/png;base64,
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).
The Opposition Division was of the view that the relevant public would, in
trying to read the combination of letters in such a way that it has meaning
for them, understand the earlier trade mark as “Dr. G”. To that end, “Dr.”
would be understood as a common abbreviation for “doctor” throughout the EU,
and given that the relevant goods are cosmetics with health-related qualities,
the element “Dr.” would be understood as alluding to the health-related
properties of the goods, and thus have a lower-than-average degree of
distinctiveness. The Opposition Division however, found that the letter “G”
was of normal distinctiveness as it had no meaning in relation to the relevant
goods.

41 In my view, this case does not take the plaintiff’s case very far. Here, I
would draw a distinction between the meaning a word carries, and what it may
allude to. In Beats Electronics, LLC v LG Electronics Inc. [2016] SGIPOS 8 at
[22], Professor David Llewelyn (“Prof Llewelyn”), sitting as the IPA, held
that the mark in question, “QuadBeat”, was an invented word and thus had a
considerable degree of distinctiveness as it was meaningless. However, Prof
Llewelyn observed that while the “QuadBeat” mark had no meaning, it did have
“allusive impact” when used in relation to audio electronic products.

42 Similarly, in the present case, while “Dr. Wolff’s” may allude to the fact
that the product in question is perhaps one that has been endorsed by a
medical professional, on its own, “Dr. Wolff’s” carries no meaning. Therefore,
in my view, where technical distinctiveness is concerned, “Dr Wolff’s” is as
distinctive as “VAGISAN”.

43 Having found that “Dr. Wolff’s” is as distinctive, in both the technical
and non-technical senses of the word, as “VAGISAN”, I now turn to the analysis
of visual, aural and conceptual similarity.

Visual similarity

44 In assessing the visual similarity of the marks, the court does so with the
“imperfect recollection of the average consumer”: Hai Tong at [62(a)]. Both
marks should not be compared side by side or examined in detail as the average
consumer would compare the marks from memory, removed in time and space from
the marks: Mediacorp at [33]. Further, the distinctive and dominant components
of the marks must be taken into account, and where other components of a
complex mark or sign are of negligible significance, the comparison can be
made solely on the basis of any dominant elements: Hai Tong at [62(b)].

45 The IPA, in arriving at the conclusion that the marks were visually
dissimilar, relied on the following factors (IPOS Decision at [56] – [62]):

(a) The Application Mark had 15 letters whilst the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks
had 7 letters;

(b) Consumers with an imperfect recollection would nevertheless remember that
the Application Mark has two additional words;

(c) The Application Mark and the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks only have 5
letters in common; and

(d) None of the words in the Application Mark are identical with the
plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks.

46 The plaintiff argues that the IPA erred in reaching the findings above
because the cases he relied on were all distinguishable. Their argument
essentially hinges on the point that the difference in size between “VAGISAN”
and “Dr. Wolff’s” means that “VAGISAN”, being the more distinctive and
dominant element of the Application Mark, would thus more likely be remembered
by the average consumer.

47 However, having found above that “Dr. Wolff’s” and “VAGISAN” were of equal
distinctiveness, I do not think that the average consumer would only have a
recollection of “VAGISAN” and not “Dr. Wolff’s”. While “Dr. Wolff’s” does
appear to be slightly smaller than “VAGISAN”, it is not so small to the point
that the average consumer would gloss over it.

48 I make one observation in relation to the case of Louis Vuitton Malletier v
Human Horizons Holding (Shanghai) Co., Ltd [2021] SGIPOS 13 which the
plaintiff cited for the proposition that word marks with a common component
can be visually similar. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [38].

In that case, the IPA reached the conclusion that the application mark,
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)and
the earlier mark, ![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
were of low visual similarity. The IPA’s reasons were that, first, the
application mark contained the entirety of the earlier mark, notwithstanding
the difference between plural and singular forms, and second, both elements of
the application mark (ie, “HUMAN” and “HORIZONS”) were equally prominent.

49 The present case however, is quite different. For one, the Application Mark
here does not contain the entirety of the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks,
notwithstanding Hoo J’s earlier finding that the “VAGISIL” and “VAGISAN” marks
were visually similar. Second, the IPA had found that “HUMAN” and “HORIZONS”
were equally prominent. But, to my mind, that is different from saying that
both components are of equal distinctiveness.

50 Ultimately, as I noted in Polo/Lauren Co LP v United States Polo
Association [2016] 2 SLR 667 at [17], visual similarity is assessed by
reference to the overall impressions created by the mark or signs, bearing in
mind their distinctive and dominant components. Taking into account the fact
that the Application Mark has an added distinctive component in “Dr. Wolff’s”,
and the length and structure of the marks, I am of the view that both marks
are visually dissimilar.

Aural similarity

51 In assessing the aural similarity of the marks, there are two applicable
approaches. The first considers the common dominant and distinctive elements
of the marks in question to determine if they are aurally similar (the
“Dominant Approach”): Staywell at [31]. The second involves a quantitative
assessment as to whether both marks have more syllables in common than not
(the “Quantitative Approach”): Staywell at [32]; Sarika at [28].

52 Before the IPA, parties accepted that the Dominant Approach was applicable:
IPOS Decision at [63] – [64]. In finding that the marks were aurally
dissimilar, the IPA relied on the following findings (IPOS Decision at [66]):

(a) The element “Dr. Wolff’s in the Application Mark is distinctive and is at
least of equal distinctiveness with the element “VAGISAN”;

(b) The plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks, while distinctive, only possess a normal
degree of distinctiveness;

(c) The plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks have not acquired a high level of
distinctiveness through use;

(d) “VAGI” is of weak distinctive character, and

(e) The dominant element in the Application Mark is not “VAGISAN”.

53 The plaintiff argues that the IPA erred in considering that the average
consumer would pronounce the mark as “Dr. Wolff’s VAGISAN”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [42].

They say that the average consumer is likely to recall and pronounce the
dominant component of the Application Mark, which is “VAGISAN”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [46].

I disagree. In examining aural similarity, it is permissible for the court to
examine the distinctive components of the competing marks in both the
technical and non-technical senses: Staywell at [31]. Given my finding above
that “Dr. Wolff’s” is of equal distinctiveness with “VAGISAN”, I am of the
view that the average consumer would likely pronounce the Application Mark as
“Dr. Wolff’s VAGISAN”.

54 Where the Quantitative Approach is concerned, doubt has been raised as to
the applicability of this approach in cases involving composite marks with
different elements of widely varying degrees of distinctiveness: Guccio Gucci
S.p.A. v Guccitech Industries (Private Ltd) [2018] SGIPOS 1 (“Guccio Gucci”).
The reason for this is that it would allow a party to distinguish a later mark
from another party’s distinctive earlier mark incorporated in it by adding
sufficient matter of a descriptive nature to overwhelm the distinctive element
that comprises the distinctive earlier mark: Guccio Gucci at [27].

55 These concerns, however, do not apply in the present case. As I have found,
“Dr. Wolff’s” is of equal distinctiveness with “VAGISAN”. This is not a case
where the applicant has added words of a descriptive nature to overwhelm the
distinctive element of an earlier registered mark incorporated in the later
mark.

56 In applying the quantitative assessment, it is clear that both marks are
aurally dissimilar. Both marks do not have more syllables in common than not
because of the defendant’s addition of “Dr. Wolff’s”.

Conceptual similarity

57 In the earlier invalidation proceedings, the PAR had found that the
Application Mark and “VAGISIL” Marks were conceptually neutral. This finding
was not challenged on appeal as parties agreed that they were conceptually
neutral: Combe International Ltd at [44]. The plaintiff argues that the
addition of “Dr. Wolff’s” in the Application Mark does not render it
conceptually distinguishable and dissimilar from the Plaintiff’s “VAGISIL”
Marks. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [48].

This is because the effect of adding “Dr. Wolff’s” to “VAGISAN” merely
suggests that “VAGISAN” belongs to Dr Wolff, whoever he or she may be. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [48].

It does not add or convey any new or alternate meaning. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [48].

58 In that vein, the plaintiff says that the IPA erred in finding that the
Application Mark was conceptually dissimilar as it suggested a product owned
or created by a Dr. Wolff: IPOS Decision at [72]. They say that the IPA’s
reasoning ignores the fact that “VAGISAN” is an invented word that has no
meaning. The plaintiff further argues that if the IPA’s reasoning is taken ad
absurdum, traders would be able to circumvent any finding that a mark is
conceptually similar to an earlier mark by simply adding a possessive
identifier. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [48].

59 Where conceptual similarity is concerned, the inquiry is directed at the
idea behind, or informing the understanding of, the mark: Festina Lotus SA v
Romanson Co Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 552 at [38]. For example, in Sarika, the Court of
Appeal found at [34] that the words “Nutello” and “Nutella” were invented and
meaningless, with no particular idea underlying each of them.

60 However, where a composite word mark is concerned, greater care is needed
in considering what the conceptually dominant component of a composite mark is
as the idea connoted by each component may be very different from the sum of
its parts: Staywell at [35].

61 Considering the Application Mark as a whole, I was of the opinion that it
was conceptually dissimilar from the “VAGISIL” Marks. This was because the
idea behind the Application Mark was that there was a medical professional,
viz, a Dr. Wolff, who either created, owned or endorsed the product named
“VAGISAN”. The addition of “Dr. Wolff” gave rise to the idea that the product
in question was developed with the expertise of medical professionals.

62 As for the plaintiff’s contention that such reasoning would enable traders
to circumvent an earlier finding that the marks were conceptually similar by
adding a possessive identifier, I was of the view that such concerns were
unfounded. The whole point of a trade mark is to serve as a badge of origin,
or as some modern observers would point out, as an indicator of quality: see
Scandecor Developments AB v Scandecor Marketing AV [2001] 2 CMLR 30 at [12] –
[13]. To that end, it stands to reason that the trade mark register should not
contain similar trade marks as that might confuse the average consumer as to
either the origin or quality of the goods: see Weir Warman Ltd v Research &
Development Pty Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 1073 at [41]; Neil J. Wilkof & Daniel
Burkitt, Trade Mark Licensing (Sweet & Maxwell, Second Ed, 2005) at [2-20] –
[2-22]. But this does not mean that once a court or tribunal has invalidated a
mark on grounds that they were similar with an earlier mark, or refused the
registration of a mark on the same grounds, that the proprietor of that mark
cannot make changes to that mark in order to better distinguish it from any
other mark on the register, and attempt to have it registered again. The court
would then have to assess the modified mark and determine whether its
registration should be refused, or whether the changes have rendered it
sufficiently dissimilar from the earlier mark, such that there is no
likelihood of confusion.

63 Having found that the Application Mark is visually, aurally, and
conceptually dissimilar to the plaintiff’s VAGISIL Marks, I turn now to
examine the likelihood of confusion between the marks.

Likelihood of confusion

64 The similarity of marks inquiry is one that must be satisfied before the
court proceeds to consider whether there is a likelihood of confusion:
Staywell at [15]. Although this threshold requirement is not fulfilled in the
present case, I proceed to analyse whether there is a likelihood of confusion
given that the factors considered here may also be considered in whether there
has been misrepresentation, where the tort of passing off is concerned: see
[82] below. Because the similarity of goods was not an issue in the present
case, I only need to consider the impact of mark-similarity on consumer
perception.

65 In determining whether there is a likelihood of confusion, the test is
whether a substantial portion of the relevant public will be confused: Sarika
at [57]; Digi International at [172]. The relevant public comprises of the
actual or potential purchasers of the goods or services of the plaintiff and
defendant, and those who deal with these goods: Digi International at [174]
citing Ng-Loy Wee Loon, Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) at para 21.5.27.

66 Who the actual or potential purchasers of the goods are does have a bearing
on whether there is a likelihood of confusion. In Mediacorp, I noted at [50]
that the average consumer in respect of Class 35 services (which generally
dealt with consultancy and advisory services relating to businesses) would be
business organisations and not ordinary or retail customers. Such business
enterprises were discerning in making their choices and would be careful
especially when choosing their service provider for services relating to
publicity and/or business-related information. It was therefore unlikely that
these consumers would confuse the trade source of one mark for the other.

67 This is also the case where health-related products are concerned. In
Miragan [2001] UKIPO O/414/01, opposition proceedings were taken out against
the trade mark “MIRAGAN” which was sought to be registered in respect of Class
5 (“Pharmaceutical preparations for the treatment of glaucoma”). The Hearing
Officer at [17], in assessing the likelihood of confusion, opined that such
pharmaceuticals could only be available on a doctor’s prescription or through
a pharmacist, and that such professionals would be more observant and
circumspect than others. However, the Hearing Officer proceeded on the basis
that the products were made directly available to the general public as there
was no evidence that a prescription was required to obtain the products.

68 The average consumer in the present case would obviously be women given
that the products in question are intimate feminine care products. Here, I
respectfully agree with Hoo J’s finding at [54] of Combe International Ltd
that the following two factors would militate against a finding of a
likelihood of confusion:

…First, while the relevant goods are relatively inexpensive, I was mindful
that the nature of the goods would tend to command a greater degree of
fastidiousness and attention on the part of prospective purchasers. The goods
in question are highly personal self-care products for women, which require
greater care in selection: Consolidated Artists BV v THEFACESHOP Co Ltd [2017]
SGIPOS 7 (“THEFACESHOP”) at [123]. In concluding that there was no likelihood
of confusion, the Registrar at [120] observed that, while the goods in Class 3
for body and face care were not very expensive and were purchased off the
shelf, consumers “will be cautious about what they are purchasing”.
Furthermore, such a purchasing decision would not be made “lightly” as it was
a “choice with possible adverse consequences if the wrong products are used,
e.g. allergies or acne breakouts”: see [120]. Similarly, the Federal Court of
Australia in August Wolff (AU) ([9] supra) opined at [68] that “[t]he
proposition that a woman is likely to pay little attention to the particulars
of any product that she might put in her vagina or on her vaginal area
inherently lacks credibility”. Female consumers in Singapore would likely pay
at least a medium level of attention before or during the purchase of the
products in question. Accordingly, I agreed with the PAR (at [65] of the GD)
that the relevant segment of the public would not simply purchase the goods in
question in a hurry without putting in some care and attention into the
purchase process.

Second, while a portion of consumers would purchase the relevant products
online, it seemed to me that, at present, consumers still normally purchase
these goods in brick-and-mortar shops. In THEFACESHOP, the Registrar held at
[123] that although the facial and body care products were self-service items,
“specialists abound to assist in the purchase, having regard to the deeply
personal nature of the same”. Furthermore, the Registrar held at [122] that
“consumers will be more particular about the origin or marks of such goods, as
they are likely to trust certain brands more than others” [emphasis in
original]. This applies with equal if not greater force to purchases of
intimate care products. Notwithstanding that intimate care products may be
self-service items, when purchased from shops, decisions to buy these items
are likely to be made with the assistance of specialists…

69 The plaintiff however, argues that there is a likelihood of confusion
because of the following factors: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [56].

(a) The Application Mark is similar to the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks to, at
least, an average degree.

(b) The plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks have a respectable degree of reputation.

(c) The Application Mark is sought to be registered in respect of goods that
are similar or identical to the goods for which the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL”
Marks are registered.

(d) The relevant segment of the market for goods covered by the Application
Mark and “VAGISIL” Marks are the same.

(e) Taking into consideration the imperfect recollection of the consumer, the
fact that the consumer has done prior research into the product does not
negate the likelihood of confusion.

(f) The goods in question are relatively inexpensive and thus the consumer
will not pay much attention when purchasing the products. Further, consumers
may be embarrassed in purchasing the product given the condition it treats,
and thus will not linger when selecting the product.

70 I have found that the marks are dissimilar. But even if I were - wrong on
that point, I would hold that there is a low degree of similarity between the
marks because of the addition of the element “Dr Wolff’s”.

71 As for the reputation of the plaintiff’s “VAGISIL” Marks, the greater its
exposure and use, the greater its reputation is likely to be, and therefore
the greater the protection that should be afforded to it: The Polo/Lauren (CA)
at [34]. The IPA had found that the “VAGISIL” Marks did not have a strong
reputation because they were not well known. He based his conclusion on the
fact that the sales of “VAGISIL” products peaked in 2012, declined thereafter,
and have not recovered since: IPOS Decision at [85] – [86]. The plaintiff, in
their statutory declaration, relies on two examples of third-party references
to “VAGISIL” to demonstrate the strong reputation of the mark. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s Statutory Declaration at [17].

The first was an article published in June 2010 titled, “Questions About
Vaginal Health Answered” at the following link:
www.herworld.com/mensex/questions-about-vaginal-health-answered. The article
is in a question-and-answer format with a Dr Douglas Ong and a Dr Christopher
Ng. While both doctors answered questions related to vaginal health in the
article, they made no reference to, nor do they recommend the plaintiff’s
“VAGISIL” products. The only reference to “VAGISIL” comes at the end of the
article in the form of what appears to be an advertisement:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

72 Given how “VAGISIL” was referred to in this article, it is clear to me that
it was indeed in the form of an advertisement, and thus did not necessarily
demonstrate that the “VAGISIL” Marks enjoyed a strong reputation in Singapore.

73 The second was an article published in April 2010, “Vigil over V-Spot” in
The New Paper and subsequently reposted on the National University Hospital’s
website. This article reported that Singaporean women were more informed about
vaginal infections, and contained short quotes from various doctors, along
with the following reference to “VAGISIL”:

Available over the counter

…Vagisil claims the kit is the first of its kind that is available over the
counter. The kit is easy to use and can show users the results quickly. (See
report, right) But doctors said that women who come to them with symptoms of
vaginal infections are usually made to go for laboratory tests which take some
time. They do not issue vaginal infection self-screening kits and caution
against relying too much on such kits. Dr Chew fears that women who use the
kit may end up self-medicating and delay proper treatment as a result. He
added that the results may not necessarily point the user to the exact type of
vaginal infection she has…

…Dr Chew said he would “evaluate the kit” before allowing his patients to use
it. Ms Cheryl Soh, marketing manager of Corlison which distributes the Vagisil
Screening Kit for Vaginal Infections, explained that the kit actually
“prevents self-medicating”…[emphasis added]

74 I did not think this article lent support to the plaintiff’s assertion that
the “VAGISIL” Marks enjoyed a strong reputation in Singapore. The context in
which “VAGISIL” is mentioned in the article suggests that this too was
possibly another attempt to market a “VAGISIL” product. Apart from Dr Chew,
none of the other doctors quoted made reference to “VAGISIL”.

75 I further note that both articles were published in 2010. The plaintiff has
not adduced any more recent evidence, ie, in the form of consumer surveys or
otherwise, to demonstrate that the “VAGISIL” Marks enjoys a strong reputation
in Singapore. I thus agree with the conclusion that the IPA reached, that the
reputation of the “VAGISIL” products is a neutral factor in considering the
likelihood of confusion. It is clear from the declining sales figures that the
“VAGISIL” Marks may not enjoy a strong reputation in Singapore. After all, if
the “VAGISIL” Marks did have such a strong reputation, one would expect to see
strong sales year after year.

76 I turn now to deal with the rest of the plaintiff’s contentions. While
factors listed by the plaintiff do lean towards a finding of the likelihood of
confusion, viz, similarity of the goods and that the market for the products
are the same, I am of the view that the nature of the products are such that
the consumer would be more careful in making their purchases, notwithstanding
the fact that the products in question are cheap, such that there is no
likelihood of confusion.

77 The plaintiff attempted to adduce evidence in the form of a survey,
conducted in conjunction with the plaintiff’s #BlogHer18 Health event held in
New York in January 2018 to show that because women were too embarrassed to
discuss vaginal issues even with their doctors, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Statutory Declaration at [27].

they would therefore hastily purchase intimate health products without paying
much attention to the associated trade mark which increases the likelihood of
confusion. However, I was not persuaded by this. In interpreting statistical
data, it is important to understand what the data actually represents. For
one, the sample size of the survey is rather small, with only 1,276 responses
being received, out of which 553 were complete responses. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Vol 1 at p 291.

Even if one accepts that the sample size is sufficiently large to be
statistically significant, and reflects the viewpoint of the average
Singaporean woman, all it says is that 45% of women are too embarrassed or
ashamed to discuss vaginal issues even with their doctor. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Vol 1 at p 291.

It is therefore clear that the survey results did not reflect consumer
attitudes towards purchasing intimate care products.

78 Even accepting the survey results, which showed that women were
uncomfortable talking about vaginal issues, the inference drawn is that when
confronted with such issues, women may be more likely to self-medicate than
see a doctor. But this means that it is more likely that they would take the
time to research the various available products so that they could make an
informed decision before making their purchase. Or they may be drawn towards
purchasing the product online so as to avoid the risk of being seen purchasing
such products in a brick-and-mortar shop. In any case, absent evidence
demonstrating consumer habits when it came to purchasing intimate care
products, it seemed eminently logical, and indeed, even common sensical to me
that women would pay more attention when purchasing such products.

79 Accordingly, for the reasons given above, I find that there is no
likelihood of confusion.

Section 8(7)(a) Trade Marks Act

80 Section 8(7)(a) of the TMA provides that a trade mark should not be
registered if, or to the extent that, its use in Singapore is liable to be
prevented by any rule of law, which in this case, is the law of passing off.
The three elements of passing off are: goodwill, misrepresentation and damage
to goodwill: Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216
(“Amanresorts”) at [37].

81 It is not disputed that the plaintiff has acquired goodwill in its business
in Singapore under the VAGISIL Marks in respect of the goods in question. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [59].

The plaintiff, however, argues that the IPA erred in finding that, because the
use of the Application Mark was unlikely to result in consumers being deceived
or confused into thinking that the Applicant’s goods are, or emanate from a
source that is linked to the “VAGISIL” Marks, there was no misrepresentation:
IPOS Decision at [101] – [102].

82 As the IPA rightly noted (IPOS Decision at [91]), the test for
misrepresentation under the tort of passing off is substantially the same as
the “likelihood of confusion” under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA. As noted in Hai Tong
(at [115]), in an action for passing off the court is not constrained in the
same way that it would in a trade mark infringement action (and similarly, in
trade mark opposition proceedings) in identifying the factors it may take into
account.

83 For example, in Amanresorts, the court pointed out (at [83]) that it would
have been a relevant consideration in increasing the likelihood of confusion
if the appellant had been found to have had fraudulent intentions in using the
“Amanusa” name for its project (ie, if the appellant had set out to deceive
those with goodwill towards the “Aman” names). This is not a factor which the
court can, or should take into account where opposition proceedings are
concerned.

84 The rationale for the difference in the sort of factors that the court can
take into account when considering whether there has been misrepresentation
under passing off, and whether there is a likelihood of confusion, is readily
apparent when one examines the respective interests protected by passing off
and trade marks. On the one hand, passing off protects the plaintiff against
damage caused to the goodwill attached to its business, goods or services by
the defendant’s misrepresentation: Amanresorts at [94]. In that vein,
misrepresentation is the gist of passing off, and while the defendant’s state
of mind in making the misrepresentation is generally irrelevant, “evidence of
a dishonest or deliberate attempt to misappropriate another’s goodwill is
always relevant, for the court will not be astute to say that he cannot
succeed in doing that which he is straining every nerve to do”: Gary Chan, The
Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) at [14.081]
citing Slazenger & Sons v Feltham & Co [1889] 6 RPC 531, 538.

85 On the other hand, trade mark law mainly protects consumers by allowing
them to differentiate between goods and services sold: Mediacorp at [50], Tan
Tee Jim SC, Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore Vol 1 at [2.004].
This inquiry here focusses on the similarity of the marks, the similarity of
the goods or services, and whether there is a likelihood of confusion on the
part of the consumer.

86 Given that I have found that there is no likelihood of confusion, it
therefore follows, for the same reasons at [64] – [79] above, that the element
of misrepresentation is not established. I therefore find that the grounds of
opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA are not made out.

Conclusion

87 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the appeal with costs to the
defendant.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Goh En-Ci Gloria, Soon Jia Ling Amanda, Lim Yong Sheng (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the plaintiff;

Tang Li Ling Yvonne, Ruby Tham, Edsmond Cheong Qi Yi (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 07 Apr 2022 (15:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

