Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 70

Criminal Case No 9 of 2022

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
And

| Juandi bin Pungot  
---|---  
|  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law — Offences — Property — Criminal misappropriation of property]

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Prevention of Corruption Act]

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other
Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Juandi bin Pungot

  

[2022] SGHC 70

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 9 of 2022  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
8 February 2022

31 March 2022 Judgment reserved

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 The accused is one of the masterminds of a large-scale conspiracy which
operated for more than a decade to misappropriate gas oil worth around S$128m
belonging to Shell Eastern Petroleum Private Limited (“Shell”) from its
facility at Pulau Bukom (the “Pulau Bukom facility”).

2 There are 85 charges against the accused. He has pleaded guilty to 36 of
them as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Schedule of Offences (“SOO”).

(a) 20 charges under s 408 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, Rev Ed
2008) (“PC”) and s 124(4) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”), for abetment by engaging in a conspiracy to commit criminal breach of
trust as servant (“CBT charges”). The total value of the gas oil involved is
S$93,835,793.49.

(b) Ten charges under s 47(1)(b) punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A) (“CDSA”), with five of the charges read with s 124(4)
of the CPC, for converting or transferring or removing out of the jurisdiction
the benefits of criminal conduct (“CDSA charges”). The total sum involved is
S$2,684,908.43.

(c) Six charges under s 6(b) read with s 29(a) of the Prevention of Corruption
Act (Cap 241) (“PCA”), with five of the charges read with s 124(4) of the CPC,
for engaging in a conspiracy to corruptly give gratification to surveyors,
involving a total sum of US$145,000 and S$10,000 (“PCA charges”).

3 The remaining 49 charges are to be taken into consideration for the purpose
of sentencing. This is my decision on sentence.

Facts

4 I begin by setting out the pertinent portions of the Statement of Facts. For
Shell, the Pulau Bukom facility is its largest petrochemical production and
export centre in the Asia Pacific region.

5 The accused is a 45-year-old Singaporean. He joined Shell on 1 June 2004. At
the material time, he was deployed as a Shore Loading Officer, assigned to
Team D, at the Pulau Bukom facility. In that capacity, the accused was
primarily tasked to facilitate the transfer of Shell’s petroleum products to
client vessels. The accused tendered his resignation on 5 December 2017, but
this was superseded by his termination with effect from 28 December 2017. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at paras 1, 2 and 98.

The CBT charges

6 Between 2007 and 2018, the accused was part of a conspiracy with his co-
conspirators from Team D to dishonestly misappropriate gas oil from the Pulau
Bukom facility by illegally transferring gas oil out of the facility onto
vessels. Each instance of misappropriation was often referred to as an
“illegal loading”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF at para 11.

7 Generally, to broker a deal to sell misappropriated gas oil, a Shore Loading
Officer of the syndicate engaged with the captain of a vessel to discuss the
sale and purchase of the gas oil. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at para 28.

The misappropriated gas oil was sold at a price lower than its prevailing
estimated market value as derived from the S&P Global Platts index. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at para 27.

Broadly, the criminal proceeds were split amongst all co-conspirators even if
they were not present during the illegal loading, so as to prevent any
unhappiness among the co-conspirators. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at paras 25 and 26.

8 When the accused became involved in the dishonest misappropriation of gas
oil in 2007, the fellow mastermind was Abdul Latif bin Ibrahim (“Latif”).
Further co-conspirators were recruited. They were Muhammad Ashraf bin Hamzah
(“Ashraf”), Tiah Kok Hwee (“Tiah”) and Muzaffar Ali Khan (“Muzaffar”). With
the involvement of Ashraf, Tiah, and Muzaffar, Latif and the accused were able
to expand the scheme to involve more bunker ships. Subsequently, it was
discovered that Latif had retained approximately half of the proceeds prior to
splitting the remainder with the accused and the other co-conspirators. The
parties fell out, and the scheme came to a halt. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at paras 13 – 18.

9 In mid-2014, the accused, with the remaining co-conspirators, resumed their
criminal activities without Latif. They established contacts with other
vessels willing to participate in the illegal loadings. They also successfully
recruited three other colleagues, namely Muhamad Farhan bin Mohamed Rashid,
Cai Zhizhong, and Koh Choon Wei, into the scheme. Between 2014 and 2017, the
accused and his co-conspirators entered into agreements to perform illegal
loadings for various vessels, including those belonging to Sentek Marine &
Trading Pte Ltd, Sirius Marine Pte Ltd and Prime Shipping Corporation (“Prime
Shipping”) which is based in Vietnam. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at paras 19 – 24.

One other colleague, Sadagopan Premnath (“Sadagopan”), also joined the
syndicate. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at paras 4 and 23.

10 To evade detection over the long period of time, the accused and the co-
conspirators relied on a combination of methods. These included configuring
the flow of misappropriated gas oil through routes that avoided custody
transfer meters, ensuring that multiple pumps and tanks were moving at the
same time (including unnecessary tank-to-tank transfers) to mask the
misappropriation, hiding the misappropriation of gas oil from a tank by
shifting production of gas oil into the same tank (such that the level in the
tank appeared balanced or even to be increasing while the misappropriation was
taking place), and timing the misappropriation of gas oil vis-à-vis the
legitimate loading of gas oil. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at para 29.

11 Relying on their combined in-depth knowledge of Shell’s internal systems
and processes, the accused and the co-conspirators took further steps to avoid
detection by their supervisors and colleagues. These measures included
tampering with the bunker meter (if the misappropriated gas oil was being
transferred to a bunker ship), stationing a co-conspirator at the control
panel to mask the movement of misappropriated gas oil by manipulating the
control panel, and tampering with the orientation of the CCTV cameras to
ensure that their illegal activities were not recorded. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF at para 30.

For many of the transactions, the accused also paid off independent surveyors
to turn a blind eye to the excess misappropriated gas oil being loaded onto
the vessels. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF at para 31.

12 The details of the CBT charges, including the period of the offence, the
volume of gas oil misappropriated, the value of misappropriated gas oil, the
vessels, the number of illegal loadings and the co-conspirators involved are
set out at Annex A. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 33.

The total volume of misappropriated gas oil in the CBT charges is 143,157
metric tonnes, with a total value of S$93,835,793.49. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOO.

No restitution has been made to Shell for the offences. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF at para 35.

13 As stated at [5] above, the accused left Shell in December 2017. In part,
this was because he had heard rumours that there were investigations into the
misappropriation of gas oil. Nonetheless, he continued to be involved in the
syndicate and assisted in the collection and distribution of the proceeds from
the illegal loadings. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOF at paras 98 – 99.

The CDSA charges

14 Investigations revealed that the accused obtained criminal benefits of at
least S$5,630,398.68 through the scheme. Between 2012 and 2018, the accused
converted, transferred or removed a sum of S$3,417,201.32, which in whole
represented the benefits from criminal conduct, by spending the criminal
proceeds on local and overseas properties, foreign exchange trading, vehicles,
as well as investments in local and foreign businesses. Substantial assets
have been seized or frozen. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOF at paras 70 – 71.

The total amount in the CDSA charges involves S$2,684,908.43, and the details
are set out at Annex B. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOF at paras 36 – 37.

The PCA charges

15 Between 2014 and 2017, the accused and Muzaffar engaged the assistance of
surveyors from Intertek Testing Services Pte Ltd (“Intertek”) and SGS Testing
& Control Services Singapore Pte Ltd (“SGS”) to facilitate their
misappropriation of gas oil. Surveyors from SGS and Intertek were engaged by
Shell to conduct inspections of the quantity of gas oil supplied to vessels by
Shell. Following these inspections, the surveyors would prepare ullage reports
for Shell and their respective employers to show the amount of cargo loaded
onto the vessel. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOF at paras 72 – 74.

16 Together with Muzaffar, the accused approached the surveyors and entered
into an arrangement to pay them cash in exchange for their forbearing to
accurately report the amount of cargo loaded onto their vessels. The surveyors
would either turn a blind eye to the unauthorised loading of cargo or omit to
inspect the non-nominated tanks of the vessels which had received
misappropriated gas oil. Non-nominated tanks were tanks which were not
designated to receive any cargo. Payment was made to all the surveyors even if
they did not perform the inspection of the specific vessel to keep them quiet
about the misappropriation of the gas oil. The moneys were deducted from the
proceeds of the sale of the misappropriated gas oil. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOF at paras 76 – 77.

17 The PCA charges involved six surveyors (five were employed by Intertek and
the remaining surveyor was employed by SGS), and a total gratification sum of
US$145,000 and S$10,000. The details are set out in Annex C.

Impact on Shell

18 Shell expended significant efforts to identify the reason for the
unidentified oil loss at the Pulau Bukom facility. Between 2015 and 2017,
Shell engaged: (a) a group of Hydrocarbon Mass Balance experts from Shell’s
other offices to conduct a technical and process review at the facility; (b) a
third-party consultant known as Trident Management Consulting Inc to review
its hydrocarbon loss; and (c) a global multidisciplinary team of Shell
analysts to monitor tank movements. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOF at paras 95 – 96.

On 1 August 2017, Shell lodged a police report regarding the unidentified loss
of fuel. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOF at para 7.

Since then, Shell has taken numerous measures to improve its processes at the
facility. By the end of 2020, the estimated costs incurred and to be incurred
by Shell to manage the consequences of the long-term misappropriation is in
the region of S$6m. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOF at para 97.

Conviction

19 The accused admitted to the facts set out in the Statement of Facts. As I
found that the elements of the CBT charges, the CDSA charges and the PCA
charges have been established beyond a reasonable doubt, I convicted the
accused of the 36 charges.

Charges taken into consideration

20 The accused admitted to having committed the offences in the 49 remaining
charges. The Prosecution and the accused consented to these being taken into
account for sentencing (“TIC charges”). The charges are as follows:

(a) 20 charges under s 408 read with s 109 of the PC and s 124(4) of the CPC,
for abetment by engaging in a conspiracy to commit criminal breach of trust as
servant, involving gas oil with a total value of S$33,903,610.74;

(b) 21 charges under s 47(1)(b) punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA for
converting or transferring the benefits of criminal conduct, and one charge
under s 47(1)(c) punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA for using the
benefits of criminal conduct, involving a total sum of S$732,292.89; and

(c) seven charges under s 6(b) read with s 29(a) of the PCA, with five of the
charges read with s 124(4) of the CPC, for engaging in a conspiracy to
corruptly give gratification, involving a total sum of US$43,000 and S$10,000.

The parties’ sentencing positions

21 In relation to the global sentence, the Prosecution argues for 359 months’
imprisonment (a month short of 30 years) to be imposed, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions (“PSS”) at para 4.

while the Defence submits that 180 months’ imprisonment (15 years) is
appropriate. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plea in mitigation (“PIM”) at para 6(g).

The CBT charges

22 For offences under s 408 of the PC, the Prosecution proposes the adoption
of a five-step harm-culpability sentencing framework which mirrors the
frameworks set out in Logachev Vladislav v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 609
(“Logachev”) and Huang Ying-Chun v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 606 (“Huang
Ying-Chun”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PSS at para 21.

Broadly, the proposed framework comprises five steps: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PSS at paras 22 – 29.

(a) Step 1: Consider the offence-specific factors and identify the level of
harm caused and the level of the offender’s culpability. The factors that go
towards harm include, inter alia, the amount involved and the involvement of a
syndicate. The factors that go towards culpability include, inter alia, the
level of sophistication and the duration of offending.

(b) Step 2: Identify the applicable indicative sentencing range. The proposed
sentencing matrix is as follows:

CulpabilityHarm | Low culpability| Medium culpability| High culpability   
---|---|---|---  
Slight harm| Up to 15 months’ imprisonment | 15 to 45 months’ imprisonment| 45 to 90 months’ imprisonment   
Moderate harm| 15 to 45 months’ imprisonment| 45 to 90 months’ imprisonment|
90 to 135 months’ imprisonment  
Severe harm| 45 to 90 months’ imprisonment| 90 to 135 months’ imprisonment|
135 to 180 months’ imprisonment  
  
(c) Step 3: Identify the appropriate starting point within the indicative
sentencing range.

(d) Step 4: Make adjustments to the starting point to account for offender-
specific factors, such as a guilty plea or relevant antecedents.

(e) Step 5: Make further adjustments to take into account the totality
principle.

23 On an application of the proposed sentencing framework, the Prosecution
argues the following:

(a) Step 1: The harm caused by the accused’s offences is severe and his
culpability is high. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PSS at para 31.

(i) For harm, the Prosecution highlights that the value of property
misappropriated is immense, that the offences were committed against a
strategic industry which is a pillar of Singapore’s economy, that the offences
were a syndicated group offence involving transnational elements, and that the
offences were exceptionally difficult to detect. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PSS at paras 32 – 47.

(ii) For culpability, the Prosecution contends that the accused was one of the
masterminds of the conspiracy, that the accused profited significantly from
his crimes, and that he betrayed his employer’s trust. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PSS at paras 48 – 55

(b) Step 2: Based on the harm caused and the culpability of the accused, the
broad indicative sentencing range for each of the charges would range from 135
to 180 months’ imprisonment, ie, under high culpability and severe harm. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PSS at para 56.

(c) Step 3: Within the indicative sentencing range of 135 to 180 months’
imprisonment, the Prosecution locates the indicative starting points for each
charge based on the value involved. These are set out below at [26].

(d) Step 4: The Prosecution has identified one aggravating and one mitigating
factor. The aggravating factor is the other 20 similar charges the accused has
consented to be taken into consideration for sentencing. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PSS at para 62.

The mitigating factor is the accused’s early plea of guilt, for which the
Prosecution has proposed a substantial reduction of 40% from the starting
points. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PSS at para 65.

Accordingly, the Prosecution submits for the sentences set out below at [26].
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PSS at para 65.

(e) Step 5: By s 307(1) of the CPC, at least two sentences are to run
consecutively. On an application of the one-transaction rule and the totality
principle, the Prosecution is seeking three sentences for the CBT charges to
run consecutively.

24 The Defence agrees with the sentencing framework proposed by the
Prosecution but disagrees with the Prosecution’s submission that the harm
caused was severe and that the accused’s culpability was high. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PIM at paras 8 – 10.

For harm, the Defence argues that the severe harm was only caused in the
charges involving more than S$4.61m, while moderate harm was caused in the
remaining charges. In terms of culpability, the Defence submits that the
accused’s culpability was only medium. There was no transnational element to
the offences, and the accused was only one of the masterminds. The Defence
further highlights that Latif recruited the accused to join the scheme in
2007. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PIM at para 11.

25 Based on the above, the Defence proposes a different set of indicative
starting points. The Defence further agrees with the substantial reduction of
approximately 40% to be applied to the indicative starting points based on the
accused’s plea of guilt. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PIM at paras 17 – 18.

26 The parties’ submissions on the individual CBT charges are as follows:

Charge number| Date| ValueUS$(S$)| Prosecution| Defence  
---|---|---|---|---  
Starting point| Proposed sentence| Starting point| Proposed sentence  
2 | December 2017 | 4,953,033.17 (6,656,840.81)| 165 months| 99 months| 115 months| 69 months  
3| November 2017 | 6,517,196.40(8,833,894.05)| 170 months| 102 months| 130 months| 78 months  
4 | October 2017 | 4,253,608.15(5,766,851.75)| 160 months| 96 months | 105 months| 63 months  
5 | September 2017 | 3,903,368.91(5,286,958.13)| 155 months| 93 months| 100 months| 60 months  
6 | August 2017 | 4,324,915.44(5,893,619.70)| 160 months| 96 months | 105 months| 63 months  
7 | July 2017 | 3,282,409.51 (4,506,342.96)| 155 months| 93 months| 85 months| 51 months   
8 | June 2017 | 4,310,757.36 (5,958,116.56)| 160 months| 96 months | 110 months| 66 months  
9 | May 2017 | 2,880,729.88(4,007,369.01)| 150 months | 90 months | 80 months| 48 months  
10 | April 2017 | 4,600,035.36 (6,408,242.94)| 160 months| 96 months | 112 months| 67 months  
11 | March 2017 | 3,521,471 (4,922,997.80)| 155 months| 93 months| 90 months| 54 months  
12 | February 2017 | 3,513,309.66 (4,953,855.87)| 155 months| 93 months| 90 months| 54 months  
15 | November 2016 | 2,284,346 (3,237,393.17)| 145 months| 87 months| 70 months| 42 months  
16 | October 2016 | 2,105,346.25 (2,894,268.67)| 145 months| 87 months| 65 months| 39 months  
17 | September 2016 | 2,114,595.86 (2,858,164.81)| 145 months| 87 months| 65 months| 39 months  
19 | July 2016 | 2,608,291.98(3,507,561.20)| 150 months| 90 months| 73 months| 44 months  
20 | June 2016 | 3,305,700.86 (4,444,936.51)| 150 months| 90 months| 83 months | 50 months  
22 | April 2016 | 2,774,806.21 (3,732,977.14)| 150 months| 90 months| 75 months| 45 months  
35 | February 2015 | 3,048,224.74 (4,121,631.57)| 150 months| 90 months| 80 months | 48 months  
39 | September 2014 | 2,428,091 (3,052,359)| 145 months| 87 months| 67 months| 40 months  
40 | August 2014 | 2,245,773.64 (2,791,411.86)| 145 months| 87 months| 63 months | 38 months  
  
The CDSA charges

27 The Prosecution relies on the precedents of Chong Kum Heng v Public
Prosecutor [2020] 4 SLR 1056 (“Chong Kum Heng”) and Public Prosecutor v Ho Man
Yuk and others [2017] SGDC 23 (“Ho Man Yuk”). The Prosecution highlights that
the accused spent his criminal proceeds on various assets of value or with the
potential to appreciate or ones that were difficult to trace. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PSS at para 77.

The Defence also relies on Ho Man Yuk but argues that a 40% discount, as
applied for the CBT charges, ought to apply.

28 Accordingly, the Prosecution 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PSS at para 74.

and the Defence seek the following sentences: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PIM at para 21.

Charge number| Date| Value| Prosecution| Defence  
---|---|---|---|---  
41 | 12 April 2013 to 2 January 2018 | S$432,678 (payment for a condominium unit at Regentville, 6 Hougang Street 92, #05-04, Singapore) | 18 months | 7 months  
42| 17 August 2017 to 2 January 2018 | S$199,114.14 (conversion into US$ for forex trading) | 12 months| 6 months  
43 | 20 June 2017 to 27 December 2017 | S$123,588 (purchase of Mercedes Benz GLC250) | 11 months| 6 months  
44 | 13 February 2017 to 10 November 2017 | S$252,000 (deposit of sums into two OCBC corporate accounts) | 14 months| 6 months  
45 | Between April to October 2017 | S$173,637.95 (handing cash to Lim Choon Keong for renovations at Malaysian restaurant which the accused invested in) | 12 months| 6 months  
46 | September 2017 | S$100,000 (handing cash to Tan Siew Choon as capital for investment product)| 10 months| 6 months  
47 | November 2015 to 2017 | S$480,000 (handing over the sum to Sriwasuth Chayanuch for purchase of property in Thailand) | 18 months| 7 months  
48 | 29 July 2014 to 3 May 2017 | S$140,426.79 (purchase of Toyota Harrier) | 11 months| 6 months  
49 | 4 January 2012 to 1 May 2016 | S$552,185 (purchase of casino chips for gambling) | 20 months | 8 months  
50 | 1 October 2013 to 11 March 2016 | S$231,278.55 (remittance of money to purchase another property in Thailand) | 13 months| 6 months  
  
The PCA charges

29 Turning to the PCA charges, the Prosecution argues that the accused’s
offences fall squarely within Category 2 as identified in Public Prosecutor v
Syed Mostofa Romel [2015] 3 SLR 1166 (“Romel”). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PSS at para 78.

Relying on Romel and Lim Teck Chye v Public Prosecutor [2004] 2 SLR(R) 525
(“Lim Teck Chye”), the Prosecution seeks the sentences which are set out at
[30] below. Similarly, the Defence submits that the offences fall within
Category 2 of Romel but argues for a different set of sentences.

30 In summary, the parties seek the following sentences: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PSS at para 79 and PIM at para 24.

Charge number| Date| Bribe amount| Prosecution| Defence  
---|---|---|---|---  
73 | Between 2014 and 2015 | US$15,000 | 12 months| 7 months  
75 | Between 2014 and 2015 | US$15,000 | 12 months| 7 months  
76 | 2014 | S$10,000 | 10 months| 7 months  
78 | Between 2014 and 2015 | US$15,000 | 12 months| 7 months  
80 | Between 2016 and 2017 | US$90,000 | 30 months | 15 months  
85 | Between 2015 and 2017 | US$10,000 | 10 months| 7 months  
  
The global sentence

31 Turning to the global sentence, the Prosecution argues for six sentences to
run consecutively. In brief, this consists of the sentences for three CBT
charges, two CDSA charges and one PCA charge as follows:

Charge number| Offence| Date| Value| Proposed sentence  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 | CBT | December 2017 | US$4,953,033.17S$6,656,840.81| 99 months  
6 | CBT | August 2017 | US$4,324,915.44S$5,893,619.70| 96 months  
10 | CBT | April 2017 | US$4,600,035.36 S$6,408,242.94| 96 months  
41 | CDSA | 12 April 2013 to 2 January 2018 | S$432,678 | 18 months  
49 | CDSA | 4 Jan 2012 to 1 May 2016 | S$552,185| 20 months  
80 | PCA | Between 2016 and 2017 | US$90,000 | 30 months  
Global sentence | 359 months’ imprisonment  
  
32 The Prosecution submits that such a global sentence adequately reflects the
totality of the accused’s criminal conduct. In seeking the sentences for the
three CBT charges to run consecutively, the Prosecution argues that this
reflects the duration and severity of offending, the numerous aggravating
factors and the accused’s role as a mastermind. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PSS at para 84(a).

As for the sentences for the two CDSA charges and one PCA charge to run
consecutively, this is necessary to reflect the violation of separately
protected legal interests. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PSS at para 84(b).

To round off, the Prosecution submits that the global sentence is not
crushing, and is warranted for the accused’s exceptionally serious offences.

33 In contrast, the Defence is submitting that only sentences for three CBT
charges should be ordered to run consecutively, as follows:

Charge number| Date| Value| Proposed sentence  
---|---|---|---  
2| December 2017 | US$4,953,033.17S$6,656,840.81| 69 months  
5| September 2017 | US$3,903,368.91 S$5,286,958.13| 60 months  
7| July 2017 | US$3,282,409.51 S$4,506,342.96| 51 months  
Global sentence | 180 months’ imprisonment   
  
34 The Defence contends that the sentences for the PCA and CDSA charges should
run concurrently as the moneys involved in these charges flow from the CBT
charges. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PIM at para 27.

The Defence further argues that the global sentence sought by the Prosecution
is in breach of the totality principle. It is crushing, not in keeping with
the accused’s past conduct, and substantially above the normal level of
sentences for the most serious of the individual offences committed. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PIM at para 28.

Based on the Prosecution’s sentencing position, had the accused claimed trial,
it would have resulted in a sentence of almost 60 years’ imprisonment which is
wholly manifestly excessive. As such, the Defence argues that the Prosecution
has not properly applied the discount of 40%. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PIM at paras 30 – 31.

35 The Defence also highlights the following mitigating factors: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PIM at paras 32 -– 35.

(a) The accused has been cooperative with the authorities throughout the
investigations. This led to the voluntary disclosure of the accused’s assets
from criminal proceeds which were then surrendered.

(b) The accused is a first-time offender who is sincerely remorseful and has
given his undertaking not to commit the offences again.

(c) The accused’s personal circumstances, such as his familial and health-
related problems.

Decision

36 By way of an overview, the offences committed were exceptionally serious.
The massive scale of offending is unprecedented. The length of offending is
substantial. A sophisticated syndicate was involved. Foreign buyers were
involved. The offending hit at the heart of the bunkering and petrochemical
industry, a key component of Singapore’s economy. As the Prosecution submits,
the offending affects Singapore’s reputation as a commercial hub. Given these
factors, I agree with the Prosecution that general deterrence is the
predominant sentencing principle: Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2
SLR(R) 814 (“Law Aik Meng”) at [25(b)] and [42] in relation to offences
involving syndication and a transnational element; Ding Si Yang v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 229 at [41] in relation to offences
which affect Singapore’s international standing. Furthermore, as the offences
were premeditated, specific deterrence is also a relevant sentencing
consideration: Law Aik Meng at [21] – [23]. Finally, the sentencing principle
of retribution is also engaged, as it is trite that the punishment must
reflect and befit the seriousness of the crime: Public Prosecutor v Tan Fook
Sum [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 at [16]. With that, I go to the sentences for the
different groups of offences.

The CBT charges

37 The prescribed punishment under s 408 read with s 109 of the PC is
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 15 years and liability to a fine.

Whether to adopt the proposed sentencing framework for s 408 of the PC

38 I begin with the issue of whether to adopt the proposed sentencing
framework for s 408 of the PC. Without citing actual statistics, when queried,
the Prosecution submits that there is an increasing prevalence of financial
crimes. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 8 February 2022, p 49 line 29 to p 50 line 5.

On a prima facie basis, this appears to suggest that it would be appropriate
for a framework to be established. More specifically, the Prosecution has
highlighted three reasons for establishing a sentencing framework. First, a
framework provides a principled approach to determine the appropriate sentence
in a manner that will engage the full spectrum of punishment. Second, the
existing sentencing precedents are of limited assistance due to the
unprecedented scale and complexity of the present case. Third, a framework
will ensure consistency and parity in sentencing for the other co-
conspirators. Two of the accused’s co-conspirators, Ashraf and Sadagopan, have
pleaded guilty and have been sentenced in the State Courts (based on the
application of the proposed sentencing framework). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PSS at paras 18 – 20.

As I stated earlier, the Defence did not raise any objections to the
Prosecution’s proposed sentencing framework.

39 Having considered parties’ arguments, I decline to adopt the proposed
sentencing framework. Taking the third point first, I agree that there is a
need to ensure consistency and parity in sentencing the co-conspirators in the
criminal enterprise. However, to achieve this, it is not necessary for a
sentencing framework to be adopted. At its nub, the principle of parity is an
“important aid to the sentencing court to ensure that sentencing of co-
offenders is done in a manner that is broadly consistent and fair”. What is
consistent and fair, in turn, depends on the facts of the case at hand: Chong
Han Rui v Public Prosecutor [2016] SGHC 25 at [52]. Even in the absence of a
sentencing framework, consistency and parity remain key principles in the
sentencing of the other co-conspirators who have yet to be dealt with.

40 In Lim Bee Ngan Karen v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 1120 at [58], the
High Court observed that in cases where the sentencing of co-offenders takes
place before different sentencing judges, it is pertinent for the Prosecution
to place before the court “all relevant material pertaining to the sentences
meted out to earlier-sentenced co-offenders”. Albeit made in a different
context, I find the comments to be apposite. While Ashraf and Sadagopan have
been sentenced in the State Courts based on the proposed sentencing framework,
what is material is that I have access to the full details and reasons for
those decisions. These are set out in Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Ashraf bin
Hamzah [2021] SGDC 265 (“Ashraf”) 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

The appeal in MA 9230 of 2021 was withdrawn on 8 December 2021.

and Public Prosecutor v Sadagopan Premnath [2021] SGDC 186 (“Sadagopan
Premnath”), 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

The appeal in MA 9162 of 2021 was withdrawn on 18 February 2022

which have been duly furnished by the Prosecution. A sentencing framework is
not the only response to this concern raised by the Prosecution.

41 Regarding the second point, while the present case is unprecedented in
scale and complexity, this does not render the existing sentencing precedents
otiose. As amply demonstrated by the Prosecution in explaining the first step
of the proposed framework, there are well-established sentencing factors that
go towards assessing the harm and culpability for offences under s 408 of the
PC. I would further add that on the Prosecution’s argument, the fact that
there are few sentencing precedents militates against the establishment of a
sentencing framework. Without the aid of a larger pool of sentencing
precedents, there is a risk of arbitrarily setting the sentencing ranges, and
the further risk of arbitrarily locating cases within the proposed indicative
sentencing ranges. As observed by the High Court in Lau Wan Heng v Public
Prosecutor [2021] SGHC 240 at [37]:

37 ... Where there are few sentencing precedents, there may be difficulty in
obtaining a sense of the prevailing sentencing practice, especially for newer
or less commonly encountered offences. Specifying a sentencing framework under
such circumstances may be an exercise in abstraction. This is particularly so
where the offence in question can be committed in factually diverse situations
involving varying degrees of harm and/or culpability.

[Emphasis added]

42 Indeed, I note that at the end of the day, both the Prosecution and the
Defence rely on the amounts involved to suggest indicative starting points
within the proposed indicative sentencing ranges. For the Prosecution, this
involves various indicative starting points within the high culpability-severe
harm range of 135 to 180 months’ imprisonment. For the Defence, this involves
various indicative starting points within the medium culpability-moderate harm
range of 45 to 90 months’ imprisonment and the medium culpability-severe harm
range of 90 to 135 months’ imprisonment. However, there are insufficient
precedents involving similar amounts to guide this process.

43 Turning lastly to the first point, the Prosecution does not go any further
beyond stating common observations regarding the benefits of a sentencing
framework. I note that the Prosecution is not arguing that the courts have not
been using the full range of sentences as prescribed nor has provided any
cases to demonstrate so. There is also no suggestion by the Prosecution that
the existing body of sentencing precedents reflect serious inconsistencies or
anomalies. This is unlike the state of affairs encountered in Huang Ying-Chun,
which the Prosecution relies on. There, the High Court observed (at [33]) in
the context of s 44(1)(a) of the CDSA that the “various sentences which have
been ordered in previous cases do not sit well or easily with each other”.

44 In sum, I am not persuaded by the Prosecution’s submissions in justifying
the need for a sentencing framework. I should add that in oral submissions,
the Prosecution argues that while the modus operandi of offences under s 408
of the PC may vary, the essence of the offence does not vary -– essentially,
trust is placed in an individual who thereafter abuses the trust. However, in
my view, the offences under s 408 of the PC are factually diverse. This is
apparent on an examination of the substratum of s 408 of the PC, ie, criminal
breach of trust (“CBT”) under s 405 of the PC. The constituent elements of s
405 of the PC are that the accused must have been entrusted with a property or
have dominion, and that the accused must have committed one of the following
acts: (a) misappropriated; (b) converted; (c) used or disposed in violation of
a direction of law; (d) used or disposed in violation of a legal contract; or
(e) suffering any other person to do any of (a) to (d): Stanley Yeo, Neil
Morgan, and Chan Wing Cheong, Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2018) at para 14.23. On an analysis of the actus reus of
s 405 of the PC, it is evident that CBT offences lend themselves to numerous
permutations that could occur in varying settings. Further complications are
introduced by the different categories of agents or clerks in an offence under
s 408 of the PC. To this end, I have some reservations whether a single
sentencing framework would adequately address the offences under s 408 of the
PC. With that, I turn to the factors relevant for my determination.

Aggravating and mitigating factors

45 In relation to CBT offences, the value of the property misappropriated is
the starting consideration for sentencing: Public Prosecutor v Lam Leng Hung
and other appeals [2017] 4 SLR 474 (“Lam Leng Hung”) at [367]. All other
things being equal, the larger the amount dishonestly misappropriated, the
greater the culpability of the offender and the more severe the sentence of
the court: Wong Kai Chuen Philip v Public Prosecutor [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361 at
[18]. Based on the value of the gas oil misappropriated, ranging between
S$2.79m to S$8.83m, it is clear that stiff sentences are warranted for each
charge. By any measure, the sums involved are substantial.

46 While the value of the property misappropriated is primary to the
sentencing of CBT offences, the sentences to be imposed do not have to bear a
relationship of linear proportionality with the sums involved: Public
Prosecutor v Tan Cheng Yew [2013] 1 SLR 1095 (“Tan Cheng Yew”) at [184]. In
the exercise of its discretion, the court is never restricted to the
application of a mathematical formula based on the amount in question.
Instead, the appropriate sentence to be imposed is arrived at having regard to
the totality of the circumstances: Lam Leng Hung at [368].

47 Apart from the high value of the gas oil misappropriated, the facts and
circumstances disclose at least six aggravating factors. Given the overlapping
nature of some of the considerations, I subsume certain matters, especially
the duration of offending and the difficulty in detecting the offences, within
these factors.

48 First, the offences were premeditated, planned and sophisticated in nature.
Exploiting their in-depth knowledge of Shell’s systems, the accused and the
co-conspirators were able to conceal their offending for a prolonged period of
time. The steps undertaken, such as configuring the flow of gas oil to avoid
routes with custody transfer meters, demonstrate a deviousness in evading
detection. Their efforts to cover their tracks clearly paid off as Shell had
to invest a significant amount of effort to uncover the unexplained oil
losses.

49 Second, the offences were committed as part of a criminal syndicate.
Syndicate involvement raises the spectre of organized crime which has a
deleterious effect on Singapore as a whole: Logachev at [54]. It stands alone
as an aggravating factor. Here, it is apparent that the element of syndication
enabled the accused and his co-conspirators to execute and sustain the well-
oiled machinery of criminality over time, through the coordination and
participation of various individuals.

50 Third, there was a transnational element involved because of the sale of
the misappropriated gas oil to foreign vessels, such as the Vietnamese vessels
from Prime Shipping. What is material is that the scheme has a transnational
element; it is not necessary for the accused to cross borders to execute the
scheme: Huang Ying-Chun at [113]. This disposes of the Defence’s objection to
this aggravating factor, which rests on the fact that the loading of the gas
oil occurred within Singapore’s territorial waters. In Huang Ying-Chun, the
High Court found that a transnational element was involved where the accused
was involved with a syndicate based in Taiwan but had committed offences under
s 44(1)(a) of the CDSA in Singapore. As the Prosecution contends, the
transnational element of the scheme has complicated detection and enforcement
efforts. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PSS at para 41.

51 Fourth, the accused was one of the key masterminds behind the scheme. That
said, I accept the Defence’s contention that the accused was not the sole
mastermind. The Defence also highlights that the accused was roped into the
scheme by Latif. I place little weight on this. The fact remains that the
accused continued with the criminal activities in 2014, after the interlude
following the dispute with Latif. Pertinently, thereafter, the accused
continued to play a significant and directing role in the syndicate, by
recruiting colleagues and entering into agreements with captains of vessels to
perform illegal loadings. Indeed, he continued to participate in the scheme
even after leaving Shell in December 2017.

52 Fifth, the offences hurt a strategic industry which is a pillar of
Singapore’s economy. As explained by the Prosecution, the bunkering and
petrochemical industry is a vital component of Singapore’s economy. Offending
of such a scale would erode our international reputation and status as a
global port for maritime trade and industry. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PSS at para 37.

53 Sixth, another 20 similar charges are taken into consideration for
sentencing. It is trite that where the TIC charges are of a similar nature, a
court may enhance the sentence that would otherwise be meted out: Public
Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR 500 at [38]. Indeed, taking into account the TIC
charges, the total volume of gas oil misappropriated was 203,403 metric tonnes
worth a staggering figure of around S$128m.

54 I note that the Prosecution highlights that the accused betrayed his
employer’s trust. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PSS at paras 52 – 53.

The crux of the Prosecution’s argument is that the accused was in a
supervisory role while some of the co-conspirators took directions from the
other members of the syndicate. In my view, there is nothing to suggest that
the accused was entrusted with any special level of responsibility in his role
that enabled his misappropriation: Kavitha d/o Mailvaganam v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 4 SLR 1349 at [18]. Without more, the accused was no different from any
other Shore Loading Officer employed by Shell. The fact that he abused the
trust reposed in him is sufficiently reflected in the charges that he faces,
which attracts a higher maximum punishment compared to a charge for CBT
simpliciter. Furthermore, as discussed at [51] above, I have recognised his
role in the scheme to be that of a mastermind.

55 In the accused’s favour, as accepted by parties, his admission of guilt is
a clear mitigating factor. The accused’s plea of guilt has saved substantial
resources that would have been expended if a trial had proceeded, especially
considering the complexity of the offences, the length of time of the
offending, and the numerous witnesses and possible experts required. On this
basis, the Prosecution suggested a substantial reduction in sentence of
approximately 40% from the sentences that would otherwise have been imposed.

56 As a matter of principle, the appropriate discount to be accorded to an
offender who pleads guilty is a fact-sensitive matter depending on multiple
factors: Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Ng Kean
Meng Terence”) at [71]. However, in cases that are especially grave and
heinous, the sentencing considerations of general deterrence, retribution and
protection of public would take on great importance, which cannot be
significantly displaced because of a plea of guilt: Ng Kean Meng Terence at
[71]. As the Prosecution contends, the sheer scale of offending requires the
sentencing considerations of deterrence and retribution to take centre stage.
Thus, it is difficult to reconcile the 40% discount the Prosecution applies
with their assessment of the case. Nonetheless, I agree that mitigating weight
ought to be placed on the accused’s plea of guilt for evincing remorse.

57 I should also touch on four other aspects. First, while the accused is
untraced, I accord little weight to this as the offending took place for more
than 10 years: Public Prosecutor v Koh Seah Wee [2012] 1 SLR 292 at [56].
Second, I am mindful that as the sale proceeds were distributed among the co-
conspirators, the accused gained S$5,630,398.68 (approximately 4.41% of the
total value of gas oil involved in all the CBT offences). Nonetheless, this is
a significant sum, and it remains the case that the harm caused to Shell
amounted to S$128m. Third, substantial assets of the accused acquired from the
criminal proceeds were seized by the authorities. However, again, this is of
little mitigating weight because the accused did not make any voluntary
restitution (which would be indicative of the accused’s genuine remorse):
Shaik Farid v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 1081 at [58]. My last point is
that the personal and familial circumstances of the accused, namely his health
problems and the general hardship caused to his family, are unexceptional and
do not carry any mitigating weight: Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor
[1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at [11].

Precedent cases

58 Having set out the relevant factors, I turn to the precedent cases
involving misappropriation of property of high value. Apart from the cases
tendered by the Prosecution, I also had sight of three other precedents that I
found to be of assistance. I summarise their salient facts.

59 In Public Prosecutor v Ismawi bin Ismail [2019] SGDC 38 (“Ismawi”), 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

The appeal in MA 9024/2019/01 against sentence was dismissed.

the offender pleaded guilty to a single charge under s 408 of the PC for
misappropriating 129 tonnes of nickel cathode plate worth about S$2,088,000
and six charges under s 6(b) of the PCA. The offender was employed as a
warehouse supervisor. For the CBT offence, the court accepted the
Prosecution’s sentencing position of seven years’ imprisonment for the charge
under s 408 of the PC but reduced the sentence to six years and seven months’
imprisonment to account for the five months the offender had spent in remand
(at [44]).

60 In arriving at the sentence, the court surveyed certain sentencing
precedents which demonstrated that a sentence of five to six years’
imprisonment was typically imposed for cases of s 408 of the PC involving sums
between S$800k and S$1.7m (at [42]). In particular, the court referred to
Public Prosecutor v Lee Han Boon Adrian (DAC 911016/2014, unreported), where
the offender misappropriated a sum of approximately S$1.4m of company funds
while he was employed as a senior manager of finance and human resources of
the company. A sentence of six years’ imprisonment was imposed. Similarly, in
Public Prosecutor v Tan Wei Shen (DAC 922900/2016, unreported), a sentence of
five years’ imprisonment was imposed for the offender who had misappropriated
46 watches with a total value of approximately S$1.3m over a period of six
months.

61 In Public Prosecutor v Yeo Kay Keng Matthew [2011] SGDC 425 (“Yeo Kay
Keng”), 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

The offender’s appeal against sentence lapsed.

the offender pleaded guilty to two charges under s 408 of the PC for
misappropriating 3,085 mobile handsets from his employer which he converted to
his own use by selling the mobile handsets for over S$2m. The offender also
pleaded guilty to seven other charges under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA. While the
value of the mobile handsets in each CBT charge is not clearly specified in
the grounds of decision, the court imposed a sentence of five years’
imprisonment for each charge on the basis of the total value of the
misappropriated handphones being over S$2m. A global sentence of six years’
imprisonment was ordered, with one charge under s 408 of the PC running
consecutively with one charge under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA (where a sentence
of one year’s imprisonment was imposed) (at [49]).

62 In Public Prosecutor v Ng Ting Hwa [2008] SGDC 147, the offender faced 18
charges and pleaded guilty to two charges under s 408 of the PC. Employed as a
customer service supervisor, the offender had raised debit and credit notes as
well as invoices to one of the company’s customers and misappropriated a sum
of approximately S$1.9m sale proceeds received from the customers. A sentence
of four years’ imprisonment was imposed for each of the two charges under s
408 of the PC. I should add at this juncture that the offender had pleaded
guilty to charges framed under the 1985 Penal Code, where the offence of CBT
as servant was punishable with mandatory imprisonment of up to seven years.

Starting point and range of imprisonment terms

63 In my view, these precedents are significant in showing a flavour of the
sentences to be imposed for CBT as servant offences involving large amounts.
There is sufficient coherence and consistency among the sentencing precedents
to peg an indicative starting point of six years’ imprisonment for an offence
involving about S$2m under s 408 of the PC. Beyond the sum of S$2m, however,
there are insufficient decisions to guide this process. That said, the
indicative sentence of six years’ imprisonment for a sum of about S$2m
provides a useful starting point from which I calibrate the individual
sentences. I explain further below.

64 Based on the discussion from [45] to [57] above, I am of the view that,
broadly, the aggravating factors outweigh the mitigating weight to be accorded
to the plea of guilt. To account for this, on balance, I apply an uplift of a
year to the starting point of six years’ imprisonment for sums around S$2m.
The lowest value in the proceeded charges is S$2.79m, and the highest value in
the proceeded charges is S$8.83m. To accommodate these sums, I find that the
appropriate range of sentences to be imposed should fall between seven to 10
years of imprisonment. The increments to the sentences reflect the general
principle I set out above that the higher the quantum, the heftier the
sentence (see [45] above).

65 While I am mindful of the caution sounded in Tan Cheng Yew at [184] not to
treat this as a mechanical mathematical exercise (see [46] above), in the
present case, it is important to give accord to the differences in the value
of gas oil misappropriated in the charges. At this juncture, I digress to
observe that each of the CBT charges covers a period of a month and reflects
the level of criminal activity by way of the number of illegal loadings and
volume of gas oil misappropriated. This is set out at Annex A. While the
sentences do not have to progress in a linear manner based on the value of
property misappropriated, there should be a recognition of the level of
criminal activity by adjusting the sentences based on the value of gas oil
misappropriated.

66 I should add that the observation in Tan Cheng Yew was made in the context
of refuting the suggestion that the sentences imposed therein were manifestly
inadequate as there were sentencing precedents with proportionately higher
sentences imposed for smaller sums. Read in its proper context, Tan Cheng Yew
is a reminder that differences in sums alone cannot be the sole factor in the
court’s determination of the appropriate sentence. In the present case, having
considered factors beyond the quantum misappropriated, I impose a range of
sentences to reflect the varying levels of the culpability of the accused
albeit within the same scheme of offending, involving the same modus operandi
and criminal structure, borne out by the different frequencies of illegal
loadings over the months.

67 Indeed, from what I have set out of the parties’ sentencing submissions
above, they have based their proposed individual sentences primarily on the
value of the gas oil misappropriated. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PSS at para 58; see also PIM at paras 16 and 18.

Otherwise, it appears that the parties consider the remaining aggravating or
mitigating factors to apply uniformly across the charges. Neither the
Prosecution nor the Defence suggests that certain charges were more or less
aggravated than others for any other reason.

68 Therefore, taking the aggravating and mitigating factors to apply
uniformly, the primary differentiating factor between the individual sentences
is the value of gas oil involved in each charge.

Sentences

69 Accordingly, I impose the following sentences:

Chargenumber| Date| Value involved| Sentence of imprisonment  
---|---|---|---  
2 | December 2017 | US$4,953,033.17 S$6,656,840.81| 9 years   
3| November 2017 | US$6,517,196.40 S$8,833,894.05| 10 years   
4 | October 2017 | US$4,253,608.15S$5,766,851.75| 8 years 6 months  
5 | September 2017 | US$3,903,368.91 S$5,286,958.13 | 8 years 6 months   
6 | August 2017 | US$4,324,915.44 S$5,893,619.70| 8 years 6 months  
7| July 2017 | US$3,282,409.51 S$4,506,342.96 | 8 years   
8 | June 2017 | US$4,310,757.36 S$5,958,116.56| 8 years 6 months  
9 | May 2017 | US$2,880,729.88S$4,007,369.01| 8 years   
10 | April 2017 | US$4,600,035.36 S$6,408,242.94| 9 years   
11| March 2017 | US$3,521,471 S$4,922,997.80| 8 years   
12 | February 2017 | US$3,513,309.66 S$4,953,855.87| 8 years   
15 | November 2016 | US$2,284,346 S$3,237,393.17| 7 years 6 months   
16 | October 2016 | US$2,105,346.25 S$2,894,268.67| 7 years   
17| September 2016 | US$2,114,595.86 S$2,858,164.81 | 7 years   
19| July 2016 | US$2,608,291.98S$3,507,561.20| 7 years 6 months   
20 | June 2016 | US$3,305,700.86 S$4,444,936.51| 8 years   
22 | April 2016 | US$2,774,806.21 S$3,732,977.14| 7 years 6 months  
35 | February 2015 | US$3,048,224.74 S$4,121,631.57| 8 years   
39 | September 2014 | US$2,428,091 S$3,052,359| 7 years 6 months  
40 | August 2014 | US$2,245,773.64 S$2,791,411.86 | 7 years  
  
70 In my view, these sentences are also largely congruent with those imposed
in Ashraf and Sadagopan Premnath. In Ashraf, the court imposed sentences
between 48 months’ imprisonment and 72 months’ imprisonment for the nine CBT
offences involving sums approximately between S$1.8m and S$4.1m. Another nine
CBT offences were taken into consideration for sentencing. In Sadagopan
Premnath, sentences between 40 months’ imprisonment and 54 months’
imprisonment were imposed for the four CBT offences involving sums
approximately between S$5.1m and S$7.8m. A further five CBT offences were
taken into consideration for sentencing.

71 In comparison to Ashraf and Sadagopan Premnath, I have imposed higher
sentences for charges involving similar amounts. This accounts for the
accused’s greater culpability in the criminal scheme. The accused played a
directing and presiding role in the conspiracy to commit the offence. The same
cannot be said of Ashraf or Sadagopan. Ashraf primarily took directions from
the other co-conspirators and was neither at the bottom nor the top of the
conspiracy’s hierarchy: Ashraf at [67]. Sadagopan, on the other hand, played a
comparatively limited role in the syndicate compared to most of the co-
conspirators: Sadagopan Premnath at [48]. Moreover, the accused was involved
in the scheme for over a decade. Sadagopan was only part of the scheme for
less than a year: Sadagopan Premnath at [3]. Ashraf was involved for
approximately two years: Ashraf at [3]. Lastly, the total value of gas oil the
accused was involved in misappropriating is also vastly greater than the value
of gas oil Sadagopan or Ashraf was involved in misappropriating.

The CDSA charges

72 I turn next to the CDSA charges. The prescribed punishment under s 47(1)(c)
punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA is a fine not exceeding $500,000 or
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years or both.

73 As set out above, both the Prosecution and the Defence rely on Ho Man Yuk.
In that case, one of the offenders was sentenced to 10 months of imprisonment
for CDSA offences involving $100,000, as well as 12 and 13 months of
imprisonment for amounts of $300,000 and $500,000 respectively. In reaching
this position, the court set out sentencing ranges for other amounts starting
from amounts less than S$5,000 (at [141]). In Chong Kum Heng, the High Court
at [71] relied on Ho Man Yuk as a starting point and adopted the ranges for
amounts below S$40,000. I broadly agree with the approach, and for present
purposes, I make reference to the following two sentencing ranges set out in
Ho Man Yuk at [141]:

(a) 10 to 11 months’ imprisonment for amounts of S$100,000 to S$300,000, and

(b) 12 to 13 months’ imprisonment for amounts from S$300,000 to S$500,000.

74 While the Prosecution relies on Ho Man Yuk, the Prosecution contends that
there should be higher sentences in the present case. First, the primary
offences in Ho Man Yuk involved opportunistic exploitation of glitches in the
casino. Second, the CDSA offences in Ho Man Yuk were committed over a short
period of time. In the present case, the predicate offences were far more
serious and the offending under the CDSA occurred over a sustained period.

75 Turning to the Defence, the Defence further argues that a 40% discount,
akin to that proposed by the Prosecution for the CBT offences, ought to be
applied to the sentencing ranges in Ho Man Yuk. As observed at [56], the
extent of a sentencing discount for a guilty plea is a fact-sensitive exercise
dependent on numerous factors. Indeed, I am unable to find any basis for the
deep discount of 40% proposed by the Prosecution even for the CBT charges.

76 In my view, the present case is more egregious than Ho Man Yuk. This is so
for two reasons. First, the value of the CDSA charges in the present case is
significantly greater than that in Ho Man Yuk. In the present case, the value
of the proceeded charges is S$2,684,908.43. When the amounts in the TIC
charges are included, the total amount stands at S$3,417,201.32. In Ho Man
Yuk, of the three offenders, the highest total value involved was
S$1,355.135.23 (at [147]). Second, the period of offending in the present case
was far more prolonged than that in Ho Man Yuk. The offences occurred over a
week in Ho Man Yuk (at [2] -– [4]). Accordingly, an uplift from the ranges set
out in Ho Man Yuk is warranted. In doing so, I am mindful that the offenders
in Ho Man Yuk claimed trial while the accused has pleaded guilty.

77 Keeping in mind the relevant aggravating and mitigating factors, I impose
the following sentences:

Charge no.| Date| Value involved| Sentence  
---|---|---|---  
41 | 12 April 2013 to 2 January 2018 | S$432,678 | 17 months  
42 | 17 August 2017 to 2 January 2018| S$199,114.14 | 12 months  
43 | 20 June 2017 to 27 December 2017 | S$123,588| 11 months  
44 | 13 February 2017 to 10 November 2017 | S$252,000 | 14 months  
45 | Between April and October 2017 | S$173,637.95 | 12 months  
46 | September 2017 | S$100,000 | 11 months  
47 | Between November 2015 and 2017 | S$480,000 | 18 months  
48 | 29 July 2014 to 3 May 2017 | S$140,426.79| 11 months  
49 | 4 January 2012 to 1 May 2016 | S$552,185 | 20 months  
50 | 1 October 2013 to 11 March 2016 | S$231,278.55 | 13 months  
  
The PCA charges

78 I move on to the PCA charges. The prescribed punishment for an offence
under s 6(b) of the PCA is a fine not exceeding $100,000 or imprisonment for a
term which may extend up to five years or both.

79 Parties accept that the accused’s actions fall within Category 2 of Romel.
The accused had given gratification to the various surveyors for the surveyors
to forbear from doing what they were supposed to do, ie, to accurately report
the cargo on board vessels. These offences typically attract custodial
offences: Romel at [28].

80 In arriving at their proposed sentencing positions, the parties primarily
rely on Romel and Lim Teck Chye. The Prosecution argues that there should be
an uplift from the six months’ imprisonment term imposed in Romel on the basis
that the accused had initiated the scheme, that the amount of gratification
was higher, and the number of surveyors bribed was greater. As for Lim Teck
Chye, the Prosecution contends that there should be a substantial uplift from
the sentence of two months’ imprisonment and S$40,000 fine per charge (for
sums ranging from S$500 and up). The Defence has not sought to distinguish the
precedents from the present case.

81 In Romel, the offender faced three charges under s 6(a) of the PCA for
soliciting bribes to issue favourable inspection reports in respect of
vessels. Two charges were proceeded with, and one charge was taken into
account for the purpose of sentencing. The offender’s sentences were six
months’ imprisonment per charge with the sentences to run concurrently. The
offending acts were carried out over a period of three months, involving a
total sum of US$7,200. Similar to the present case, the offences were
premeditated and deliberate, and involved a strategic industry (at [51]).
However, in Romel, the offender’s act compromised the safety of the oil
terminal as well as the workers at the terminal (as vessels with defects
classified as “high risk” were allowed into the oil terminal). Even then, I
find the present case to be more aggravated than Romel. There was an extensive
web of corruption in the present case, where the accused was in cahoots with
Muzaffar and had bribed 13 surveyors in total (including those in the TIC
charges). The offending acts were committed over a period far longer than that
in Romel. The amount of gratification was also far greater (being US$145,000
and S$10.000 for the PCA charges, and US$188,000 and S$20,000 when the amounts
in the TIC charges are included).

82 Turning to Lim Teck Chye, the offender faced six charges, for paying
gratification sums ranging from S$500 to S$1,600 to three marine surveyors to
falsely certify that his company had supplied the correct quantity and quality
of marine oil to their clients’ vessels. The offending acts took place over a
year. The offender was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment and S$40,000 fine
for each charge, with three of the imprisonment terms to run consecutively.
Therefore, the global sentence was six months’ imprisonment and a total fine
of S$240,000. The court observed that that the actions of the offender had the
potential to adversely affect public confidence in the independence of marine
surveyors and Singapore’s bunkering industry (at [68]). On the facts, I,
again, find the present case to be more egregious than Lim Teck Chye. The
accused’s offending involves a far greater number of surveyors. The accused
faces a significantly greater number of charges (considering both the
proceeded and TIC charges) than the offender in Lim Teck Chye.

83 Apart from Romel and Lim Teck Chye, I find the following precedents to be
of some assistance. The facts are not on all fours with the present case but
provide some useful guidance, especially given the amounts of gratification
involved.

84 In Public Prosecutor v Lu Sang [2017] SGDC 199, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

The appeal against the decision in MA 9170/2017/01 was dismissed by the High
Court on 3 November 2017.

the offender was convicted after trial for 24 charges under s 6(a) of the PCA
involving sums between S$1,300 and S$23,252. A total sum of S$246,666.70 was
received. The offender was an assistant sales manager of a company who had
initiated kickback arrangements with suppliers for over five years. A range of
sentences between two to eight months’ imprisonment was imposed. Pertinently,
for sums between S$10,022 and S$10,425.10, a sentence of five months’
imprisonment was imposed. In arriving at the sentences, the court noted that
the bribes amounted to a staggering sum (at [139]), that there was a
systematic and consistent pattern of the accused obtaining bribes (at [140]),
that the offences were committed over more than four years (at [140]), and
that the accused had initiated the kickback arrangement (at [141]). A global
sentence of 20 months’ imprisonment was imposed.

85 In Public Prosecutor v Toh Hong Huat [2016] SGDC 198, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

The appeal against the decision in MA 9075/2016/01 was dismissed by the High
Court on 6 January 2017.

the offender was convicted after trial for 29 charges under s 6(a) of the PCA
involving sums between S$918 and S$9,000. A total sum of S$62,701 was received
by the accused. A range of sentences between one to five months’ imprisonment
was imposed. In particular, a sentence of five months’ imprisonment was
imposed for sums involving S$9,000. The court observed that the offender faced
multiple offences and that they were committed over a relatively lengthy
period (at [88]).

86 On a holistic assessment of the cases, I find the accused’s culpability and
the resulting consequences of his offences to be greater than the precedents.
In particular, I note the close nexus between the accused’s PCA offences and
the CBT offences, with the PCA offences being committed to cover up his
commission of the CBT offences. Accordingly, I impose the following sentences:

Charge number| Date| Value involved| Sentence  
---|---|---|---  
73 | Between 2014 and 2015 | US$15,000 | 10 months  
75| Between 2014 and 2015 | US$15,000 | 10 months  
76 | 2014 | S$10,000 | 8 months  
78 | Between 2014 and 2015 | US$15,000 | 10 months  
80 | Between 2016 and 2017 | US$90,000 | 24 months  
85| Between 2015 and 2017 | US$10,000 | 9 months  
  
The global sentence

87 The Prosecution submits that the proposed global sentence of 359 months’
imprisonment (comprising the sentences of three CBT charges, two CDSA charges
and one PCA charge) does not offend the totality principle for the primary
reason that this reflects the totality of the accused’s criminal conduct.
During oral submissions, the Prosecution explained that the three proposed CBT
sentences reflect a period where the accused’s criminality was at its peak, in
terms of the amount of oil misappropriated and the number of conspirators
involved. For the CDSA offences, the sentences for the two most serious
charges were chosen. Finally, for the PCA offences, the most serious charge
was chosen to reflect the accused’s overall criminality. In contrast, the
Defence seeks a global sentence of 180 months’ imprisonment (based on the
proposed sentences for three CBT charges) and argues that the sentences for
the PCA and CDSA charges ought to run concurrently because the moneys involved
arose from the CBT charges.

88 As a starting point, I agree with the Prosecution that the sentences for
the offences under the CDSA and PCA ought to run consecutively with the
sentences for the CBT charges. While the moneys involved in the CDSA and PCA
offences flow from the CBT charges, the CDSA and PCA offences relate to
distinct protected legal interests. In particular, for the CDSA offences, the
legal interest consists of the public interest in making it as challenging as
possible for criminals to dispose of their criminal proceeds: Zhou Haiming v
Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2017] 4 SLR 247 at [45]. Consequently,
the sentences for the CDSA and PCA offences should not run concurrently with
the sentences for the CBT charges.

89 In arriving at the appropriate aggregate sentence, I consider the
precedents of Public Prosecutor v Teo Cheng Kiat [2000] SGHC 129 (“Teo Cheng
Kiat”) and Public Prosecutor v Ewe Pang Kooi [2020] 3 SLR 851 (“Ewe Pang
Kooi”) to be instructive. In Teo Cheng Kiat, a global sentence of 24 years’
imprisonment was imposed. The offender pleaded guilty to six charges under s
408 of the 1985 Penal Code for misappropriating a total of S$35m. A sentence
of six years’ imprisonment was imposed for each charge, with four of the
sentences ordered to run consecutively. In Ewe Pang Kooi, after trial, the
offender was convicted of 50 charges under s 409 of the PC for
misappropriating S$41m. The prescribed punishment is life imprisonment or 20
years’ imprisonment. A global sentence of 310 months’ imprisonment
(approximately 25.8 years’ imprisonment) was imposed by ordering three
sentences to run consecutively.

90 In my view, the overall criminality of the present case is greater than the
precedents, even when keeping in mind that the offender in Ewe Pang Kooi had
claimed trial. Looking alone at the value involved in the CBT offences, it is
significantly greater than the quantum involved in either of the cases. Beyond
the value involved, the number and type of charges in the present case also
far surpass those in the cases. Pertinently, the accused was at the centre of
a giant web of criminality of a massive scale. The giant web encompassed those
who were co-conspirators to the scheme, those who purchased the
misappropriated gas oil and those who assisted in concealing the misdeeds. An
appropriate global sentence would necessarily be one that is greater than
those imposed in the precedents.

91 Further, I am mindful of the global sentences imposed on Ashraf and
Sadagopan, the two co-conspirators sentenced in the State Courts. For
Sadagopan, a global sentence of 80 months’ imprisonment was imposed, with the
sentences of two CBT charges ordered to run consecutively. As for Ashraf, the
sentences of two CBT charges were similarly ordered to run consecutively,
giving rise to a global sentence of 114 months’ imprisonment. Again, it is
clear that the criminality of the accused far surpasses that of Sadagopan and
Ashraf for reasons similar to those highlighted at [90]. Not only does the
accused face more charges compared to Sadagopan and Ashraf, the accused also
played a materially more significant role than the duo in the scheme. Based on
the principles of consistency and parity, a far higher global sentence ought
to be imposed.

92 Based on the above, I am of the view that an aggregate imprisonment term of
29 years is just and appropriate. I order the following sentences to run
consecutively:

Charge number| Offence| Date| Value| Sentence of imprisonment  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 | CBT| December 2017| US$4,953,033.17 S$6,656,840.81| 9 years   
9 | CBT| May 2017 | US$2,880,729.88S$4,007,369.01| 8 years   
35 | CBT | February 2015| US$3,048,224.74 S$4,121.631.57| 8 years   
42 | CDSA | 17 August 2017 to 2 January 2018| S$199,114.14| 12 months  
45 | CDSA| Between April and October 2017| S$173,637.95| 12 months  
80 | PCA | Between 2016 and 2017 | US$90,000 | 24 months  
Global Sentence: |  29 years’ imprisonment  
  
93 In my view, the three sentences for the CBT charges adequately reflect the
accused’s persistence in offending across the years. The sentence for the PCA
charge (charge 80), which involves the highest sum, is demonstrative of the
severity of the PCA offences considering that the accused had given bribes to
at least 13 surveyors. As for the two sentences for the CDSA charges (charges
42 and 45), the two charges reflect the breadth of the accused’s offending in
the CDSA charges, not only in the value of moneys involved but in his disposal
of proceeds through assets that are difficult to trace. In this instance,
charge 42 involves the use of the criminal proceeds in a forex trading account
while charge 45 concerns renovations to a restaurant in Malaysia which the
accused invested in.

94 I now turn to apply the totality principle to the global sentence. This is
to ensure that the aggregate sentence is sufficient and proportionate to the
offender’s overall criminality: Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018]
5 SLR 799 at [98(c)]. In this regard, I note that while the accused is
untraced, he can hardly be described as a first-time offender given the
numerous offences committed across the years. Although the global sentence is
almost twice in length of the prescribed maximum punishment for the most
serious of the offences (being the CBT as servant offence), it is wholly
proportionate to the overall criminality of the accused. I therefore do not
see the need to make adjustments to these individual sentences. The remaining
sentences are to run concurrently.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Christopher Ong, Stephanie Chew, Ryan Lim and Gerald Tan (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Noor Mohamed Marican and Mohd Munir Marican (Marican & Associates) for the
accused.

Annex A: Details of CBT charges

Charge number| Period of offence| Volume of gas oil (metric tonnes)| Value of
gas oil (US$/S$)| Vessels and number of incidents| Co-conspirators  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
2 | December 2017 | 8861 | US$4,953,033.17S$6,656,840.81 | Gaea (2) Prime Sands (1) Prime Sky (1) Sentek 22 (3) | Muzaffar Ali Khan bin Muhamad AkramTiah Kok HweeCai ZhizhongKoh Choon WeiSadagopan PremnathQuek Rong Hong   
3 | November 2017 | 12116 | US$6,517,196.40 S$8,833,894.05 | Griffin (1) Prime Sands (2) Prime Sky (2) Sentek 22 (4) Sentek 26 (2) | Muzaffar Ali Khan bin Muhamad AkramTiah Kok HweeCai ZhizhongKoh Choon WeiSadagopan Premnath.   
4 | October 2017 | 8459 | US$4,253,608.15S$5,766,851.75 | Aulac Fortune (1) Prime Sands (2) Prime South (2) Sentek 22 (2) Sentek 26 (2)  
5 | September 2017 | 7791 | US$3,903,368.91 S$5,286,958.13 | Aulac Vision (1) Hai Linh 03 (1) Prime Sands (1) Prime Sky (1) Prime South (1) Sentek 22 (1) Sentek 26 (1)   
6 | August 2017 | 9354 | US$4,324,915.44S$5,893,619.70 | Prime Sands (1) Prime Sky (2) Prime South (1) Sentek 22 (3) Sentek 26 (4)   
7| July 2017 | 7297 | US$3,282,409.51 S$4,506,342.96| Petrolimex 11 (1) Prime Sands (2) Prime South (2) Sentek 22 (1) Sentek 26 (1)   
8 | June 2017 | 10122 | US$4,310,757.36 S$5,958,116.56 | Petrolimex 10 (1) Prime Sands (2) Prime Sky (1) Sentek 22 (3) Sentek 26 (3)   
9 | May 2017 | 6356 | US$2,880,729.88 S$4,007,369.01 | Prime Sands (1) Prime South (1) Sentek 22 (3) Sentek 26 (3)   
10 | April 2017 | 9593 | US$4,600,035.36 S$6,408,242.94 | Aulac Angel (1) Petrolimex 08 (1) Prime Sky (1) Prime South (1) Prime Synergy (1) Sentek 22 (2) Sentek 26 (2) | Muzaffar Ali Khan bin Muhamad AkramTiah Kok Hwee,Cai Zhizhong Koh Choon Wei  
11 | March 2017 | 7550 | US$3,521,471 S$4,922,997.80 | Petrolimex 11 (1) Prime Sky (2) Prime Sun (1) Prime Synergy (1) Sentek 22 (1) Sentek 26 (2)   
12 | February 2017 | 7086 | US$3,513,309.66 S$4,953,855.87 | Petrolimex 08 (1) Petrolimex 09 (1) Prime South (2) Sentek 22 (3)   
15 | November 2016 | 5426 | US$2,284,346 S$3,237,393.17 | Khatim (1) Petrolimex 08 (1) Petrolimex 11 (1) Petrolimex 18 (1) Sentek 26 (1) | Muzaffar Ali Khan bin Muhamad AkramTiah Kok HweeCai ZhizhongKoh Choon Wei Muhamad Farhan bin Mohamed Rashid  
16 | October 2016 | 4645 | US$2,105,346.25 S$2,894,268.67 | Great Ocean (1) Prime Sky (1) Sentek 22 (1) Sentek 26 (1)   
17 | September 2016 | 5237 | US$2,114,595.86 S$2,858,164.81 | Aulac Vision (1) Khatim (1)   
19 | July 2016 | 6482 | US$2,608,291.98S$3,507,561.20 | Alli (1) Khatim (1) LongHung 2 (1) Prime Sun (2)   
20 | June 2016 | 7639 | US$3,305,700.86 S$4,444,936.51 | Great Ocean (1) Khatim (3) Petrolimex 11 (2) Sentek 22 (2)   
22 | April 2016 | 7799 | US$2,774,806.21 S$3,732,977.14 | Aulac Angel (1) Aulac Vision (1) Khatim (3) Petrolimex 12 (1) Prime Sailor (1) Prime Sun (1) Sentek 26 (1)   
35 | February 2015 | 5818 | US$3,048,224.74 S$4,121,631.57 | Glory Ocean (1) Great Ocean (1) Petrolimex 09 (1) Petrolimex 10 (2) Vinalines Glory (2) | Muzaffar Ali Khan bin Muhamad AkramTiah Kok HweeCai ZhizhongKoh Choon WeiMuhammad AshrafMuhamad Farhan bin Mohamed Rashid.   
39 | September 2014 | 2930 | US$2,428,091 S$3,052,359 | Aulac Jupiter (2) Great Ocean (1) Petrolimex 06 (2)   
40 | August 2014 | 2596 | US$2,245,773.64 S$2,791,411.86 | Dai Minh (1) Petrolimex 16 (1) Sentek 22 (1)   
  
Annex B: Details of CDSA charges

Charge number | Period of offence| Description   
---|---|---  
41 | 12 April 2013 to 2 January 2018 | Convert property, namely, cash amounting to the sum of S$432,678, into the down payment and monthly repayments of a condominium unit at Regentville located at 6 Hougang Street 92 #05-04, Singapore, which charge is amalgamated pursuant to s 124(4) CPC   
42 | 17 August 2017 to 2 January 2018| Convert property, namely, cash amounting to the sum of S$199,114.14, into US dollars amounting to 142,770.   
43 | 20 June 2017 to 27 December 2017 | Convert property, namely, cash amounting to the sum of S$123,588, into a Mercedes Benz GLC250 bearing registration SLV5807Z   
44 | 13 February 2017 to 10 November 2017 | Transfer property, namely a sum of S$252,000, by depositing the said sum into two OCBC corporate accounts 588132258001 and 588132266001   
45 | Between April 2017 and October 2017 | Transfer property, namely, cash amounting to the sum of S$173,637.95, by handing over the said sum to one Lim Choon Keong   
46 | September 2017 | Transfer property, namely, cash amounting to the sum of S$100,000, by handing over the said sum to one Tan Siew Choon   
47 | Between November 2015 and 2017 | Transfer property, namely, cash amounting to the sum of S$480,000, by handing over the said sum to one Sriwasuth Chayanuch, which charge is amalgamated pursuant to s 124(4) CPC   
48 | 29 July 2014 to 3 May 2017 | Convert property, namely, cash amounting to the sum of S$140,426.79, into a Toyota Harrier   
49 | 4 January 2012 to 1 May 2016 | Convert property, namely, cash amounting to the sum of S$552,185, into casino chips over 175 occasions, which charge is amalgamated pursuant to s 124(4) CPC   
50 | 1 October 2013 to 11 March 2016 | Remove from jurisdiction, property, namely a sum of S$231,278.55, by remitting the said property to Bangkok, Thailand via three Telegraphic Transfers from your UOB account no. 3551283087, for the purchase of a condominium unit at IDEO Q – Ratchathewi Unit No. 27-01 Bangkok, Thailand, which charge is amalgamated pursuant to s 124(4) CPC   
  
Annex C: Details of the PCA charges

Charge number | Period of offence| Recipient | Amount of gratification   
---|---|---|---  
73 | Between 2014 and 2015 | A Duraisamy | US$15,000   
75 | Between 2014 and 2015 | Jasbir Singh s/o Paramjit Singh | US$15,000   
76 | 2014 | Anand s/o Omprekas | S$10,000   
78 | Between 2014 and 2015 | Noruliman bin Bakti | US$15,000   
80 | Between 2016 and 2017 | Muhammad Ali bin Muhammad Nor | US$90,000   
85 | Between 2015 and 2017 | Rizal bin Zulkeflee | US$10,000   
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Mar 2022 (16:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

