Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 160

Criminal Case No 25 of 2022

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Muhammad Hakam bin Suliman  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Muhammad Hakam bin Suliman

[2022] SGHC 160

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 25 of 2022  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
8 April 2022

7 July 2022

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 The accused pleaded guilty to and was convicted of a charge of having not
less than 499.99g of cannabis in his possession for the purpose of trafficking
under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“MDA”). The charge read as follows:

That you, MUHAMMAD HAKAM BIN SULIMAN, on 27 September 2018, at about 8.25
p.m., in the vicinity of Kian Teck Road, Singapore, did traffic in a “Class A”
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), to wit, by having in your possession for the
purpose of trafficking 23 blocks and 5 packets containing not less than
499.99g of vegetable matter which was analysed and found to be cannabis,
without authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations made thereunder, and
you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section
5(2) and punishable under section 33(1) of the MDA.

2 A second charge of possession of a controlled drug under s 8(a) of the MDA
was taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. For completeness,
I should add that the accused originally faced a third charge of having not
less than 6,639.15g of cannabis mixture in his possession for the purpose of
trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA. However, the
Prosecution applied for a discharge amounting to an acquittal in respect of
the third charge, and I ordered the discharge accordingly. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript, 8 Apr, p 23 lines 3–7 and p 24 line 3.

3 I sentenced the accused, 25 years of age at the time of sentencing, to 24
years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. The accused has appealed
against his sentence. I now set out the detailed grounds of my decision.

Facts

4 The accused was 21 years old at the time of the offence. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at para 1.

He and two other involved persons were arrested on 27 September 2018 at about
8.25pm in the vicinity of a coffeeshop located at 21 Kian Teck Road,
Singapore. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF at para 3.

The three of them had been in a green car bearing licence plate number SGU
3327U (the “Green Car”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at para 4(b).

When officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) searched the Green
Car, they found, amongst other things, 23 blocks and 5 packets of vegetable
matter. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at para 5.

These were subsequently analysed by the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) and
found to contain, inter alia, not less than 499.99g of cannabis. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at para 10.

5 A total of five individuals were involved in the transactions that led to
the accused’s arrest. These individuals were the accused, one Thomas Henrix
Mathewson (“Thomas”), one Dean Fadriel Mohamed Rizal (“Dean”), one Muhammad
Zulhusni bin Abdul Ghani (“Zulhusni”) and one Kumaran s/o Kannan (“Kumaran”)
(collectively, the “involved persons”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at para 2.

The Tampines transaction

6 Sometime in the morning on 27 September 2018, the accused met up with Thomas
and Dean at Veerasamy Road, Singapore. At around the same time, arrangements
were made for Zulhusni to drive the group around in a rented car. Zulhusni
agreed to the arrangement in exchange for being allowed to use the rented car
for the weekend. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at para 11.

Subsequently, Kumaran met Zulhusni and brought the latter to rent the Green
Car in Zulhusni’s name. Kumaran paid the rental fee. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at para 12.

7 At about 4.00pm that same day, the accused, Thomas and Dean took a Grab taxi
to Bedok Mall. Zulhusni drove the Green Car, with Kumaran accompanying him, to
Bedok Mall. There, all five involved persons met and boarded the Green Car. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at para 13.

8 Later that day, at about 6.30pm, the involved persons drove to Block 299B,
Tampines Street 22, Singapore (the “Tampines Block”). At about 6.33pm, Kumaran
went up the Tampines Block via the staircase. Five minutes later, at about
6.38pm, the accused went up the Tampines Block via the staircase. There, the
accused collected a large blue recycling bag. The large blue recycling bag
contained two blue cooler bags. The accused placed the large blue recycling
bag in the boot of the Green Car with Dean’s assistance. Shortly after that,
Kumaran returned from the Tampines Block to the Green Car. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF at para 14.

All five involved persons then entered the Green Car and left the vicinity of
the Tampines Block. Kumaran and Dean alighted somewhere in the vicinity of
Tampines. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF at para 15.

The Lok Yang Road transaction and arrest

9 After Kumaran and Dean had been dropped off, Zulhusni drove the accused and
Thomas to Lok Yang Road in the Green Car. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 16.

While in that vicinity, at about 8.20pm, the accused received an off-white
plastic bag from an unknown rider of a motorcycle bearing a Malaysian licence
place. The off-white plastic bag contained, inter alia, nine blocks of
vegetable matter, later ascertained to be cannabis. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF at para 18.

The accused placed the off-white plastic bag containing the nine blocks of
cannabis in the boot of the Green Car. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF at para 19.

10 Zulhusni then drove the Green Car to a coffeeshop at 21 Kian Teck Road.
Upon arrival, the accused, Thomas and Zulhusni alighted from the Green Car.
Shortly thereafter, they were arrested by CNB officers. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOF at para 20.

Drug analysis

11 A search of the Green Car was conducted by CNB officers. The following
items, among others, were seized from the boot of the Green Car: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOF at para 5.

(a) one off-white plastic bag with tape containing nine blocks of vegetable
matter (later marked as “A1A1A”, “A1B1A”, “A1C1A”, “A1D1A”, “A1E1A”, “A1F1A”,
“A1G1A”, “A1H1A” and “A1J1A” respectively);

(b) one blue cooler bag containing, inter alia, seven blocks of vegetable
matter (later marked as “A2A1A”, “A2B1A”, “A2C1A”, “A2D1A”, “A2E1A”, “A2F1A”
and “A2G1A” respectively) and five packets of loose vegetable matter (later
marked as “A2H1”, “A2J1”, “A2K1”, “A2L1” and “A2M1” respectively); and

(c) one blue cooler bag containing seven blocks of vegetable matter (later
marked as “A3A1A”, “A3B1A”, “A3B2A”, “A3C1A”, “A3C2A”, “A3D1A”, and “A3D2A”
respectively).

12 Analysis of the blocks and packets of vegetable matter listed above (the
“Drugs”) revealed that they contained the following quantities of cannabis: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOF at paras 7–8.

Marking| Quantity of Cannabis (g)  
---|---  
A1A1A| 373.70  
A1B1A| 44.67  
A1C1A| 340.90  
A1D1A| 26.89  
A1E1A| 186.00  
A1F1A| 119.60  
A1G1A| 258.60  
A1H1A| 71.47  
A1J1A| 54.11  
A2A1A| 247.80  
A2B1A| 151.00  
A2C1A| 68.42  
A2D1A| 322.60  
A2E1A| 182.60  
A2F1A| 175.20  
A2G1A| 65.93  
A2H1| 15.88  
A2J1| 16.80  
A2K1| 14.81  
A2L1| 15.98  
A2M1| 20.09  
A3A1A| 252.40  
A3B1A| 129.30  
A3B2A| 56.62  
A3C1A| 84.45  
A3C2A| 33.05  
A3D1A| 81.35  
A3D2A| 53.00  
  
13 The Drugs collectively contained 3,463.22g of cannabis. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOF at para 10.

The parties’ cases

The sentencing framework

14 Under s 33(1) of the MDA read with the Second Schedule to the MDA, the
prescribed punishment for the offence in the charge was a minimum of 20 years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane and a maximum of 30 years’
imprisonment or imprisonment for life and 15 strokes of the cane. As may be
observed, the charge attracted a mandatory 15 strokes of the cane.

15 It was not disputed that the applicable sentencing framework for drug
trafficking and importation offences was set out in Vasentha d/o Joseph v
Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha”), which was endorsed by the
Court of Appeal in Suventher Shanmugam v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 115
(“Suventher”). The sentencing framework requires the court to first consider
the quantity of drugs trafficked and arrive at an indicative starting point
based on that. Then, upward or downward adjustments are to be made to the
starting point based on the offender’s culpability, and any aggravating or
mitigating factors: Vasentha at [44]; Suventher at [28]–[30].

16 At the first stage, the gravity of the offence is considered by having
regard to the quantity of the controlled drugs. This is because the drug
quantity reflects the degree of harm to society. The Court of Appeal in
Suventher laid down (at [29]) the applicable sentencing guidelines for the
unauthorised import or trafficking of cannabis as follows:

(a) 330g to 380g: 20 to 22 years’ imprisonment.

(b) 381g to 430g: 23 to 25 years’ imprisonment.

(c) 431g to 500g: 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment.

17 At the second stage, the offender’s culpability and any aggravating or
mitigating factors are taken into account to adjust the indicative starting
sentence upward or downward. The High Court in Vasentha set out a non-
exhaustive list of indicia (at [51]) for assessing an offender’s culpability
as follows:

Culpability| Indicia  
---|---  
Higher| • Directing or organising drug trade on a commercial scale (eg, having
regular clientele or offering wide variety of drugs)• Involving others in the
operation whether by pressure, influence, intimidation or reward• Being
motivated by financial or other advantage, whether operating as part of a drug
syndicate or alone (eg, to sustain offender’s own drug habits) • Taking active
steps to avoid detection of the offence  
Lower| • Performing only a limited function under direction• Being engaged by
pressure, coercion and intimidation, or being involved through naivety and
exploitation  
  
18 Finally, the court may, where appropriate, take into account the time that
the offender had spent in remand prior to the conviction, either by backdating
the sentence or discounting the intended sentence: Vasentha at [44(c)].

The Prosecution’s submissions

19 Regarding the first stage, the Prosecution took the view that the
appropriate indicative starting point should be 29 years’ imprisonment. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions on Sentence (“PWS”) at para 5.

This was because the quantity of cannabis in this case, namely, 499.99g, was
at the furthest end of the weight bracket (see [13] above). This, in turn,
according to the Prosecution, warranted an indicative starting point at the
far end of the corresponding sentencing range. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PWS at para 4.

20 Moving to the second stage, the Prosecution submitted that the accused’s
culpability was moderate because there was nothing to suggest that the accused
had committed the offence as a result of pressure, coercion, intimidation,
naivety or exploitation. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PWS at para 7.

The Prosecution accepted that mitigating weight ought to be placed on the
accused’s plea of guilt, as well as his agreement to cooperate with the
authorities and provide information on the other individuals involved in drug
dealings after pleading guilty. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PWS at para 9.

In respect of the accused’s early plea of guilt, the Prosecution clarified at
the hearing that this meant that the accused had pleaded guilty once he was
offered a non-capital charge. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, 8 Apr, p 11 lines 30–32 and p 12 line 1.

However, the Prosecution also pointed out that an uplift in sentence was
warranted given the second charge which was to be taken into consideration for
the purposes of sentencing. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at para 9.

Having taken into account these factors, the Prosecution submitted that a
downward adjustment from the indicative starting point to a sentence of about
26 years’ imprisonment was appropriate. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PWS at para 10.

21 The Prosecution also submitted that a sentence of 26 years’ imprisonment
would be in line with sentencing precedents. This was because, according to
the Prosecution, after the sentencing guidelines had been laid down in
Suventher, sentences in the range of 25 to 28 years’ imprisonment had been
imposed on offenders convicted of charges involving the trafficking of not
less than 499.99g of cannabis. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PWS at para 12.

I address the cases cited by the Prosecution in more detail at [36]–[38]
below.

22 Finally, the Prosecution had no objection to the sentence being backdated
to the date of the accused’s arrest, which was 27 September 2018. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PWS at para 2.

The Defence’s submissions

23 The Defence made no specific submission as to the appropriate indicative
starting point, but instead focussed on the mitigating factors and sentencing
precedents in their submissions that a sentence of 23 years’ imprisonment
would be appropriate. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mitigation Plea at para 39.

24 The Defence submitted that the accused had committed the offence out of a
“sense of misplaced friendship/loyalty” because Dean and Kumaran, whom the
Defence said were very close friends of the accused, had requested the accused
to help to collect the cannabis. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mitigation Plea at paras 7 and 12.

The Prosecution, in oral submissions, stated that it did not challenge this.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 8 Apr, p 11 line 15.

The Defence also emphasised the accused’s relatively young age of 21 at the
time of the offence. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Mitigation Plea at para 8.

25 In terms of mitigating factors, the Defence stressed that the accused was
remorseful, and this was evidenced by his early plea of guilt. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mitigation Plea at para 16.

Another mitigating factor was the accused’s cooperation with the authorities.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Mitigation Plea at para 30.

These mitigating factors were, as already mentioned (at [20] above), accepted
by the Prosecution. As for the accused’s culpability, the Defence submitted
that bearing in mind the indicia set out in Vasentha (see [17] above), the
accused’s culpability was on the lowest end. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mitigation Plea at para 23.

This was because he had only performed a very limited function on the
instructions of Dean and Kumaran. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mitigation Plea at para 23.

He did not organise the drug transaction, he was not part of a drug syndicate,
he did not involve anyone else, he was not motivated by financial gain and he
also took no steps to avoid detection. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mitigation Plea at paras 24–25.

26 In terms of antecedents, the accused had a clean record except for having
been placed on drug supervision once in 2017. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mitigation Plea at para 28; Transcript, 8 Apr, p 8 lines 22–23.

The Defence emphasised the difference between being placed on drug supervision
as opposed to drug rehabilitation, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript, 8 Apr, p 16 lines 1; 20–24.

the latter being a programme for high-risk abusers. The Defence submitted that
the accused was placed under supervision following a one-off incident where he
consumed drugs, but that in truth, he was never a drug addict. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, 8 Apr, p 16 lines 14; 20–24.

The Defence also pointed out that the accused had since been going for his
supervised urine tests and had been testing negative. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mitigation Plea at para 28; Transcript, 8 Apr, p 16 lines 12–13.

The Prosecution confirmed that, at the time of his arrest, the accused’s urine
tested negative for drugs. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, 8 Apr, p 14 lines 6–7.

27 The Defence also raised two cases in which the accused persons were charged
with having trafficked quantities of drugs at the high end of the non-capital
limit of Class A controlled drugs and received sentences of around 23 years’
imprisonment. I deal with these cases in more detail at [39]–[40] below.

28 Finally, the Defence also urged the court to backdate the sentence to the
accused’s date of arrest 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mitigation Plea at para 39.

to which, as earlier mentioned (at [22] above), the Prosecution had no
objections.

Decision

29 Deterrence is the primary sentencing consideration when dealing with the
offence of drug trafficking. At the same time, there must be proportionality
in relation to the severity of the offence committed and the culpability of
the offender in each case: Vasentha at [35].

30 I first considered the indicative starting point for the charge. The
sentencing framework in Suventher (set out at [15] above) provided a sentence
of 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment for trafficking of 431g to 500g of cannabis.
Applying the sentencing framework to the present facts, I agreed with the
Prosecution that the indicative starting point was 29 years’ imprisonment. The
quantity of cannabis in this case warranted an indicative starting point at
the upper limit of the sentencing band. This was consistent with the approach
taken by the Court of Appeal in Murugesan a/l Arumugam v Public Prosecutor
[2021] SGCA 32 (at [8]):

Where someone has been found trafficking between 13.01 and 15 grams of
diamorphine, the starting point is between 26 and 29 years of imprisonment.
The present case involves trafficking in not less than 14.99 grams of
diamorphine, which in turn represents the furthest end of the 13.01 to 15 gram
bracket. Accordingly, it warrants a custodial starting point that lies at the
far end of the corresponding sentencing range. In our view, 29 years of
imprisonment should be the indicative starting point.

31 I turned next to an assessment of the accused’s culpability. It appeared
that his role involved the tasks of transferring the cannabis from the
Tampines Block, and from the rider of the Malaysian motorcycle, to the Green
Car. However, beyond these acts, there was no suggestion that the accused was
further involved in the drug transaction or the trafficking. He did not direct
or organise the drug transaction that day. There was no suggestion that he was
operating on a commercial scale or that he was motivated by financial gain.
There was also no suggestion that the accused was part of any drug syndicate.
He also did not take any active steps to avoid detection.

32 The Defence submitted that the accused was acting on the instructions of
Kumaran and Dean, his two good friends, to assist them in relation to the
drugs collected. I noted that this was not challenged by the Prosecution (see
[24] above). While I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that the accused
was not acting under any pressure, coercion or intimidation, one could say
that he acted out of naivety arising from a misplaced sense of friendship and
loyalty. Applying the indicia set out in Vasentha (see [17] above), I found
that the accused’s role in the present case was quite limited. As such, I
found his culpability to be on the lower end of the scale.

33 Next, I considered the offender-specific aggravating and mitigating
factors. There was one charge of drug possession being taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing. In terms of antecedents, I noted
that the only blemish on the accused’s record was that he had previously been
placed on drug supervision in 2017. However, the Defence emphasised that the
accused was not a drug abuser, and that he was not consuming drugs at the time
of his arrest in respect of the charge in this case. As already mentioned, it
was common ground that the accused tested negative for drugs upon his arrest
(see [26] above). The Defence argued that the accused was not a drug addict
and that was why he was only placed on drug supervision in 2017, and not sent
to the Drug Rehabilitation Centre. Since then, as the Defence pointed out, the
accused had been passing his drug tests without any issues. These assertions
that the accused had not been consuming drugs since 2017, and was not a drug
addict at the time of the offence, were not challenged by the Prosecution. In
these circumstances, I gave limited weight to the fact that the accused was
previously placed on drug supervision.

34 I found that the aggravating factors in this case were outweighed by two
key mitigating factors. First, the accused pleaded guilty at an early stage
once the offer of a non-capital charge was made to him. Secondly, the accused
agreed to cooperate with the authorities. Indeed, the Prosecution accepted
that mitigating weight had to be placed on the early plea of guilt as well as
the fact that the accused had agreed to cooperate with the authorities and
provide information on the other persons involved in drug dealings after
pleading guilty. These factors demonstrated the accused’s remorse.

35 Before arriving at an appropriate adjustment from the indicative starting
point, I considered the sentencing precedents cited by the Prosecution and the
Defence. As earlier mentioned (at [21]), the Prosecution submitted that the
range of 25 to 28 years’ imprisonment had been imposed on offenders convicted
of charges involving the trafficking of not less than 499.99g of cannabis. I
found that the case at hand was distinguishable from those cases cited by the
Prosecution and warranted a lower sentence.

36 On the highest end of the range, the accused in Public Prosecutor v
Poopathi Chinaiyah s/o Paliandi [2020] 5 SLR 734 (“Poopathi Chinaiyah”) was
sentenced to 28 years’ imprisonment in respect of a charge for possession of
not less than 499.99g of cannabis for the purpose of trafficking. There, it
was a significant aggravating factor that the accused had a previous
conviction for trafficking in cannabis and re-offended about three years after
his release: Poopathi Chinaiyah at [22(c)] and [27]. Further, the accused in
Poopathi Chinaiyah had a more involved role compared to the accused’s role in
the present case, and he was motivated by financial reward. He received,
stored and delivered consignments of drugs under the instructions of one
“Mala” on multiple occasions in exchange for money: Poopathi Chinaiyah at [11]
and [22(b)]. The relevant considerations in Poopathi Chinaiyah were clearly
different from those in the present case.

37 In Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Nur Azam bin Mohamad Indra and another
[2020] 4 SLR 1255 (“Muhammad Nur Azam”), the accused was sentenced to 26
years’ imprisonment in respect of a charge for importation of not less than
499.99g of cannabis. There, the fact that the accused was paid for bringing
cannabis into Singapore pointed towards a higher sentence: Muhammad Nur Azam
at [35]. Further, there were two charges taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing, one of which was for importation of methamphetamine.
That increased the culpability of the accused compared to someone who faced a
single charge: Muhammad Nur Azam at [34]. In the present case, the accused did
not profit financially and only had one charge for unauthorised possession of
a controlled drug taken into consideration. That charge was less serious as
compared to a charge for importation of methamphetamine.

38 Finally, in Kannan s/o Birasenggam v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 15
(“Kannan s/o Birasenggam”), the accused was sentenced to 25 years and 7
months’ imprisonment in respect of a charge for trafficking in not less than
499.99g of cannabis. The accused’s plea of guilt, the limited role he played
in the transaction and the fact that he did not receive any monetary reward
were taken into account as mitigating factors. However, it was an aggravating
factor that the accused had committed the offence while on bail. This resulted
in the reduction of his sentence from the indicative starting point of 29
years’ imprisonment to 26 years’ imprisonment: Kannan s/o Birasenggam at [7].
The sentence was further reduced from 26 years’ imprisonment to 25 years and 7
months’ imprisonment to take into account the accused’s earlier period of
remand: Kannan s/o Birasenggam at [7]. The present case is distinguishable in
that there is the absence of the aggravating factor of offending while on
bail.

39 The Defence, on the other hand, drew my attention to cases in which accused
persons charged with trafficking quantities of drugs at the high end of the
non-capital limit of Class A controlled drugs were sentenced to around 23
years’ imprisonment. In Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Nor Haiqal bin Shaman
[2017] SGHC 292 (“Muhammad Nor Haiqal”), the accused was sentenced to 23
years’ imprisonment in respect of a charge for having not less than 249.99g of
methamphetamine in his possession for the purpose of trafficking. The accused
was 20 years old at the time of offending and was a drug addict. His role was
limited to acting solely on one Jivan’s instructions, which involved receiving
parcels of drugs sent to Jivan, and repacking and delivering them. The accused
did this in part to feed his own addiction and in part to secure a roof over
his head: Muhammad Nor Haiqal at [5]–[6].

40 In Parthiban a/l Kanapathy v Public Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 847 (“Parthiban
Kanapathy”), the accused’s sentence of 23 years and 9 months’ imprisonment in
respect of a charge for importation of not less than 14.99g of diamorphine was
upheld by the Court of Appeal. The accused was 20 years old at the time of
offending. He was motivated by financial advantage and took steps to conceal
the drugs in his motorcycle, which were both indicia of higher culpability:
Parthiban Kanapathy at [24].

41 The Prosecution highlighted that Muhammad Nor Haiqal and Parthiban
Kanapathy were distinguishable from the present case as the offenders in those
cases were below the age of 21 at the time of offending. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 8 Apr, p 12 lines 11–13.

In this case, the accused was 21 years of age at the time of the offence.
While the accused was an adult at the time of offending, his relatively young
age as an adult could be taken into consideration in sentencing (see eg,
Public Prosecutor v Pham Duyen Quyen [2016] 5 SLR 1289 at [58] and Soh Qiu Xia
Katty v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 568 at [69]), as was rightly accepted
by the Prosecution. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 8 Apr, p 13 lines 7–9.

Accordingly, I took this factor into account when considering the appropriate
sentence.

42 It appeared, from the sentencing precedents cited by the Prosecution and
the Defence in their submissions, that sentences ranging from 23 to 28 years’
imprisonment were meted out for offenders convicted of charges involving the
trafficking of quantities of drugs at the high end of the non-capital limit of
Class A controlled drugs. For the reasons stated above, the case at hand was
distinguishable from the cited cases. The present case did not involve certain
aggravating factors and indicia of higher culpability that were present in the
cases cited by the Prosecution, but, unlike the cases cited by the Defence,
the accused was an adult at the time of offending (albeit a relatively young
one). Having regard to all the aggravating and mitigating factors, on a
holistic assessment of the facts of this case, I found that a discount of 5
years was fair. This brought the sentence down from the indicative starting
point (of 29 years’ imprisonment) to 24 years’ imprisonment.

43 As for the sentence of caning, as earlier mentioned (at [14] above), the
charge attracted the mandatory 15 strokes of the cane.

Conclusion

44 For these reasons, I sentenced the accused to 24 years’ imprisonment and 15
strokes of the cane. The Defence had asked, and the Prosecution did not
object, that the sentence was to be backdated to the date of arrest. I ordered
the sentence to be backdated to the date of the accused’s arrest, which was 27
September 2018.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Anandan Bala, Chin Jincheng and Pavithra Ramkumar (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and Rabi Ahmad s/o Abdul Ravoof (I.R.B
Law LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Jul 2022 (16:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

