Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 28

Criminal Motion No 55 of 2021

Between

| Suresh s/o Krishnan  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Criminal Review] — [Application to review High Court’s
decision] — [Whether leave should be granted]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Suresh s/o Krishnan

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 28

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Motion No 55 of 2021  
Vincent Hoong J  
24 November 2021

8 February 2022 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by Suresh s/o Krishnan (“the applicant”) under  
s 394H of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) seeking leave
to have his concluded appeal in HC/MA 9791/2020 (“MA 9791”) reviewed.

2 Having considered the applicant’s affidavits and the respondent’s written
submissions, pursuant to s 394H(7) read with s 394H(8) of the CPC, I refuse
the applicant’s leave application in Criminal Motion No 55 of 2021 (“CM 55”),
and provide the reasons for my decision.

Factual and procedural background

Joint-trial

3 The applicant had claimed trial to one charge under s 7 read with s 12 of
the Misuse of Drugs Act 1973 (2020 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for abetting by engaging in
a conspiracy with Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam (“Adai”) to import not less than
402.7 grams of vegetable matter which was analysed and found to be cannabis
(“the Drugs”), an offence punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA. The grounds of
decision of the applicant’s joint trial with Adai can be found in Public
Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 (“the
Judgment”), and I will only recount the pertinent facts here.

4 On 22 November 2014, Adai was arrested at Woodlands Checkpoint for having
the Drugs in his possession. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[29] – [36].

On 26 November 2014, the applicant was arrested at his residence, for having
conspired with Adai to import the Drugs. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[40] and [53].

At trial, the Prosecution proceeded against the applicant on the basis that he
had possessed the drugs under s 18(4) of the MDA, and had actual knowledge of
the nature of the Drugs. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[54] – [56].

5 During the course of the trial, the applicant’s first counsel discharged
himself from representing the applicant on 26 September 2017. The applicant
subsequently absconded on the day of closing submissions. Adai was convicted
and sentenced on 22 November 2017. The applicant was only re-arrested in 2018.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[10] – [12].

After the applicant was re-arrested, the trial against him resumed with a new
counsel. At that juncture, the applicant’s new defence counsel sought to
recall Adai as a witness for further cross-examination on the basis that the
applicant was not represented when he cross-examined Adai on the stand. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[163].

However, the district judge (“DJ”) disallowed the application to recall Adai 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[171].

as he found that the applicant had the opportunity to put his case clearly to
Adai, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[165] – [166].

that the significance of cross-examination was explained to him, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[167].

and had ample time to conduct the cross-examination. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[168].

6 At the conclusion of the trial, the district judge (“DJ”) found that Adai’s
possession of the Drugs was with the “knowledge and consent” of the applicant,
as the applicant had a) ordered the Drugs, b) transferred the $1000 to Adai,
and c) instructed Adai on where to deliver the Drugs. Accordingly, the Drugs
were deemed to have been in the applicant’s possession under s 18(4) of the
MDA. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[72] – [73].

7 The DJ found that the applicant had actual knowledge of the nature of the
Drugs and that he had also failed to rebut the presumption of knowledge under
s 18(2) of the MDA. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[114].

Notably, the DJ had found that Adai’s long statements were voluntarily given,
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[128]

and held that they were sufficiently compelling as to incriminate the
applicant. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[143].

Further, the DJ also found that the applicant had an agreement with Adai, for
Adai to import the Drugs into Singapore and to deliver the Drugs to the
applicant. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[115].

8 The applicant was convicted on the proceeded charge. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[172].

Following his conviction, he decided to plead guilty to four other charges,
and consented to having another two charges taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[173] – [174].

The applicant was sentenced to a term of imprisonment for 25 years and 16
months (backdated to 21 February 2018), 15 strokes of the cane, and
disqualified from holding or obtaining all classes of driving licences for a
period of 12 years from the date of his release from prison. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Public Prosecutor v Adaikalaraj a/l Iruthayam and another [2020] SGDC 141 at
[292].

MA 9791

9 In MA 9791, the applicant appealed against both his conviction and sentence.
The applicant’s position at the appeal was that:

(a) the DJ had erred in not recalling Adai; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 27(a), 30 – 68.

(b) the DJ had erred in finding that the applicant had possessed the Drugs
under s 18(4) of the MDA; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 27(b), 69 – 75.

(c) the DJ had erred in relying on the evidence of the Central Narcotics
Bureau officers, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 27 (c), 76 – 100.

and the evidence of Adai; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 27(d) – 27(e), 101 – 152.

(d) the DJ had erred in finding that the applicant had ordered the Drugs
rather than cigarettes, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 27(g), 153 – 169.

and placed too much weight on the fact that the applicant had failed to
mention the alleged loans to Adai in his long statement; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 170 – 176.

(e) the applicant did not have actual knowledge of the nature of the Drugs,
nor was the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA triggered; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 177(b) – 177(c).

(f) there was no conspiracy to import the Drugs in Singapore; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at para 177(d).

(g) the sentence was manifestly excessive, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at para 188.

and that the sentence of 22 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane was
appropriate considering the amount of cannabis involved, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at para 204.

the applicant’s culpability, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at para 205.

and the application of the parity principle; 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 208 – 220.

and

(h) the DJ had not taken into account the six months the applicant had spent
in remand from 27 November 2014 to 19 May 2015. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at para 222 – 227.

10 Having heard MA 9791 on 24 February 2021, I affirmed the DJ’s decision and
dismissed the applicant’s appeal against his conviction and sentence.

The present application

11 On 2 June 2021, the applicant filed the present application supported by a
handwritten affidavit (“Application Affidavit”). On 13 July 2021 and 16 July
2021, the applicant made requests for an adjournment of CM 55, pending the
hearing of Adai’s appeal in MA 9358/2017 (“MA 9358”). Following a case
management conference (“CMC”) conducted by an assistant registrar on 19 July
2021, I allowed an adjournment of CM 55 and granted leave to the applicant to
file a further affidavit.

12 On 19 October 2021, the applicant filed his first set of additional
submissions (“First Additional Submissions”). On 29 October 2021, Adai’s
appeal was heard and allowed in part, with his sentence reduced from 25 years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane to 24 years’ imprisonment and 15
strokes of the cane. At a CMC conducted on 5 November 2021, the applicant
requested to file another set of additional submissions based on the outcome
of Adai’s appeal (“Second Additional Submissions”). I granted the applicant
leave to rely on his First Additional Submissions and leave to file his second
additional submissions, as well as leave for the Prosecution to file further
reply submissions. The applicant filed his Second Additional Submissions on 10
November 2021.

13 The applicant is not represented in the present application.

The parties’ arguments

The applicant’s case

14 In his Application Affidavit, First Additional Submissions, and Second
Additional Submissions, the applicant raises seven arguments in his
application for leave to review: First, that he was not afforded a fair trial
as he was not allowed to recall Adai as a witness and did not receive
assistance from the court in lieu of his own counsel. Second, that the
Prosecution had breached its obligations under Muhammad bin Kadar v Public
Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (the “Kadar obligations”) in that he was denied
disclosure of Adai’s statements. Third, that he was wrongly convicted as he
had ordered illegal cigarettes, not cannabis. Fourth, that the sentence was
manifestly excessive as the Court had failed to consider the offence-specific
and offender-specific factors, as well as the sentencing guidelines laid down
by the Court of Appeal in Suventher Shanmugam v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR
115. Fifth, that the Prosecution’s refusal to disclose the psychiatric report
of Adai was in breach of its Kadar obligations. Sixth, that his Adai’s
statements could not be relied upon. Seventh, that Adai’s culpability was
higher than his, and as the former had received a reduction in sentence on
appeal, he should similarly be afforded a review of his appeal and sentence.

The respondent’s case

15 The Prosecution’s case is that the applicant’s arguments have not met the
cumulative requirements laid out in s 394J of the CPC 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondent’s Submissions (CM 55) at paras 17 – 18.

in that:

(a) the applicant’s argument that he was treated unfairly at trial by the DJ’s
decision not to allow him to recall Adai, is being raised for the third time,
and is also wholly unmeritorious; 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondent’s Submissions (CM 55) at paras 20 – 29.

(b) the applicant’s allegation that he did not receive assistance from the DJ
is false and premised on a misconception on the DJ’s role in court; 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s Submissions (CM 55) at paras 31 – 34.

(c) the applicant’s allegation that the Prosecution had breached its Kadar
obligations is unfounded; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s Submissions (CM 55) at paras 35 – 44.

(d) the applicant’s arguments against his conviction had been canvassed
before, and considered both by the DJ and this court; 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s Submissions (CM 55) at paras 46 – 49.

and

(e) that the applicant’s arguments against his sentence had been canvassed
before, and considered both by the DJ and this court; 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s Submissions (CM 55) at paras 50 – 55.

My Decision

Applicable principles

16 In Kreetharan s/o Kathireson v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2020] 2
SLR 1175 (“Kreetharan”) at [17] – [20], the Court of Appeal stated that under
s 394J(2) of the CPC, in order for leave to be granted under s 394H of the
CPC, the applicant in a review application must satisfy the appellate court
that there is sufficient material, whether evidence or legal arguments, on
which the appellate court may conclude that there has been a miscarriage of
justice in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision was
made.

17 For arguments based on evidence, “sufficient” material is defined in  
s 394J(3) of the CPC, under which the following requirements must be
cumulatively satisfied (see Kreetharan at [18]):

(a) before the filing of the application for leave to make the review
application, the material has not been canvassed at any stage of the
proceedings in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision
was made (s 394J(3)(a) of the CPC);

(b) even with reasonable diligence, the material could not have been adduced
in court earlier (s 394J(3)(b) of the CPC);

(c) the material is compelling, in that the material is reliable, substantial,
powerfully probative, and capable of showing almost conclusively that there
has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which
the earlier decision was made (s 394J(3)(c) of the CPC).

18 For legal arguments, under s 394J(4) of the CPC, in addition to satisfying
the three requirements in s 394J(3)of the CPC, the arguments must be based on
a change in the law that arose from any decision made by a court after the
conclusion of all earlier proceedings relating to the criminal matter in
respect of which the earlier decision was made (see Kreetharan at [20]). As
stated in Murugesan a/l Arumugam v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 118 at [9],
“[i]f an application for leave fails to meet any of the cumulative
requirements above (as set out in s 394J(3) of the CPC and, in respect of new
legal arguments, the additional requirement in s 394J(4) of the CPC), leave
will not be granted” [emphasis added].

19 These stringent requirements reflect the fact that ss 394H and 394I of the
CPC procedure do not provide a second tier of appeal, and are meant to ensure
applicants do not raise arguments which have been already been raised at least
twice in concluded proceedings (see Kreetharan at [19]). As the Court of
Appeal explained, “the introduction of a leave stage for applications to
reopen concluded appeals would better balance the rights and interests of all
persons who made use of scarce judicial resources and allow unmeritorious
applications for review to be weeded out at an early stage. This would allow
only those applications which disclosed a legitimate basis for the exercise of
the court’s power of review to proceed” (see Kreetharan at [17]).

20 I now turn to consider the arguments raised by the applicant seriatim.

Argument regarding not being fairly treated at trial

21 The applicant’s first argument concerns the refusal of the DJ to allow him
to recall Adai as a witness. This argument was already canvassed by the
applicant’s then counsel in MA 9791, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 30 – 68.

and accordingly would not meet the requirement under s 394J(3)(a). As regards
the allegation that the applicant had not received assistance from the court
during the trial, while this was not specifically canvassed on appeal, there
was no reason why it could not have been reasonably addressed at the appeal,
and it was clearly an issue the applicant (through his counsel) was aware of,
as indicated by the reference in the applicant’s appeal submissions to the
guidance provided by the DJ to the applicant during cross-examination. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at para 58.

Argument regarding the Prosecution’s Kadar obligations

22 The applicant’s second argument concerns an alleged breach of the Kadar
obligations by the Prosecution. While this was not an argument that had been
canvassed earlier, it appears that the applicant had admitted a
contemporaneous statement from Adai as “D1”, which was provided to the
applicant as part of the Criminal Case Disclosure bundles. Accordingly, while
the Prosecution has candidly admitted that it no longer retains record of the
service of those documents, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s Submissions (CM 55) at para 45.

this does not in and of itself show that there had been a miscarriage of
justice such as to satisfy the requirement under s 394J(3)(c).

Argument regarding the applicant’s wrongful conviction

23 The applicant’s third argument alleges his wrongful conviction by the DJ,
as he had ordered illegal cigarettes not cannabis. This was an argument that
had already been fully canvassed in MA 9791, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 153 – 169.

and would not meet the requirement under s 394J(3)(a).

Argument regarding the applicant’s sentence

24 The applicant’s fourth argument is that the sentence was manifestly
excessive. This was similarly fully canvassed in MA 9791, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 185 and 205.

and would not meet the requirement under s 394J(3)(a).

Argument regarding the non-disclosure of Adai’s psychiatric report

25 The applicant’s fifth argument is that Adai’s psychiatric report was not
disclosed to him. As stated in Lee Siew Boon Winston v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 4 SLR 1184 at [167] – [175], there is a presumption that the
Prosecution has complied with its Kadar obligations owed to the court, and the
onus is on the Applicant to show reasonable grounds for belief that the
Prosecution had failed to comply with its Kadar obligations. After which, the
burden would shift to the Prosecution to show that it had not in fact breached
those obligations. In the present case, the applicant has not pointed to any
reason why Adai’s psychiatric report would have been exculpatory for him, such
that it fell within the scope of the Prosecution’s Kadar obligations.
Furthermore, the Prosecution has stated that Adai’s psychiatric report does
not provide anything additional in terms of information already available in
Adai’s long statements which were admitted into evidence at trial, and does
not contain any information which would undermine its case or strengthen the
applicant’s case. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s Submissions (CM 55) at para 44.

26 As such, while this particular argument was not canvassed at the trial
below or in MA 9791, I do not see how this report would have been capable of
showing that there has been a miscarriage of justice in the applicant’s
criminal matter.

Argument regarding the DJ’s reliance on Adai’s statements

27 The applicant’s sixth argument is that Adai’s statements cannot be relied
upon. This was extensively covered in MA 9791, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at paras 101 and 152.

and would not meet the requirement under s 394J(3)(a).

Argument regarding Adai’s sentence on appeal

28 The applicant’s seventh argument is that he was less culpable than Adai,
and that he should similarly receive a reduction in his sentence, especially
given that Adai had his sentence reduced on appeal.

29 While the relative culpability of the applicant and Adai was canvassed in
MA 9791, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Appellant’s Submissions in MA 9791/2020 at para 207.

I accept that the fact that Adai received a one year reduction in sentence on
appeal was a fact that would not have been available to the applicant at any
stage of the criminal proceedings prior to the hearing of CM 55.

30 Nonetheless, I do not see how this latest development would have been
capable of showing that there had been a miscarriage of justice. First, in
Adai’s appeal (ie, MA 9358), Sundaresh Menon CJ had specifically revised
Adai’s sentence downwards on account of the assistance Adai had extended to
the authorities. There is no evidence that the applicant had provided any
similar assistance. Second, as I had found in the applicant’s appeal, the DJ
was justified in having found that the applicant’s culpability was higher than
that of Adai on account of how the applicant had exerted significant control
over Adai and had provided the latter with the funds to purchase the Drugs.
Third, an uplift in the sentence of the applicant over Adai would also be
appropriate, considering the fact that the applicant had absconded whilst on
bail, and had pleaded guilty to four other charges with another two taken into
consideration. In my view, the difference in sentences between the applicant
and Adai does not occasion a miscarriage of justice, even after accounting for
the further reduction that Adai had received on appeal.

Conclusion

31 Before I conclude, I would make a brief observation that the applicant had
filed numerous arguments in this application, many of which attempt to rehash
the same issues canvassed both in the trial below and the appeal before me. In
this regard, the observations of Tay Yong Kwang JCA in Mohammad Yusof bin
Jantan v PP [2021] SGHC 82 at [30] are instructive:

… Applicants in recent applications for leave to make review applications
appear to have misunderstood altogether what the new review provisions in the
CPC are meant to achieve. They seem to perceive the CPC review provisions as
giving them a second chance to appeal and, as suggested by the applicant’s
request in this application, perhaps an opportunity also to re-argue their
case before another Judge. Such perceptions are obviously wrong and lead to
unnecessary wastage of time and effort in reviving and reviewing concluded
cases …

[emphasis added]

While the courts would generally afford a litigant-in-person a certain amount
of latitude, it does not mean that he is allowed to revisit every contention
with impunity.

32 For the reasons set out above, I dismiss the application.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Applicant in person;

Regina Lim and Samuel Yap (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Feb 2022 (10:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

