Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 43

Civil Appeal No 3 of 2022

Between

| Loy Wei Ezekiel  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Yip Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Summons No 26 of 2022

Between

| Loy Wei Ezekiel  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Yip Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 836 of 2020

Between

| Yip Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Loy Wei Ezekiel  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Appeals — Admission of further evidence on appeal]

[Civil Procedure — Judgments and orders — Setting aside regular default
judgments]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Loy Wei Ezekiel

  
v

  
Yip Holdings Pte Ltd

and another matter

[2022] SGHC(A) 43

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 3 of 2022 and Summons
No 26 of 2022  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JCA, Woo Bih Li JAD and Hoo Sheau Peng J  
20 July 2022, 11 August 2022

6 December 2022

Hoo Sheau Peng J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 AD/CA 3/2022 (“AD 3”) is an appeal brought by the appellant, Mr Loy Wei
Ezekiel (“Mr Loy”), against the decision of the Judge of the General Division
of the High Court (the “Judge”) in HC/RA 154/2021 (“RA 154”) upholding the
decision of the assistant registrar (“AR”) not to set aside a judgment in
default of appearance obtained against Mr Loy by the respondent, Yip Holdings
Pte Ltd (“Yip Holdings”), in HC/S 836/2020 (“Suit 836”). For the purpose of AD
3, Mr Loy also applied for leave to adduce further evidence by way of AD/SUM
26/2022 (“SUM 26”). We heard and dismissed the application and the appeal on
11 August 2022. These are the reasons for our decision.

The facts

Background

2 To begin with, we highlight that HC/S 703/2017 (“Suit 703”) is a related
action, and it forms the backdrop to this appeal. The trial of that action was
heard by Chan Seng Onn J (as he then was), with judgment delivered on 28 April
2020 in Yip Fook Chong (alias Yip Ronald) and another v Loy Wei Ezekiel and
another [2020] SGHC 84 (“Yip v Loy”). For convenience, we draw on some of the
undisputed facts as set out in Yip v Loy.

3 Yip Holdings is a company incorporated in Singapore. Its present directors
and shareholders are Mr Loy and Mr Yip Fook Chong @ Yip Ronald (“Mr Yip”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim at para 1.

Mr Loy is the majority shareholder with 105,000 shares (being 52.5% of the
shares), while Mr Yip holds 95,000 (being 47.5% of the shares). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Yip v Loy at [6].

4 Mr Loy first met Mr Yip sometime in or around December 2015. At that time,
Mr Yip was a 73-year-old retiree. He was the sole director and shareholder of
Yip Holdings which was a dormant company. As for Mr Loy, he was a 22-year-old
businessman. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Yip v Loy at [4]-[5].

5 Mr Yip owned and lived on a property at 130 Lorong J Telok Kurau Singapore
425958 (the “Telok Kurau property”). Originally, the Telok Kurau property was
mortgaged to Coutts & Co Ltd (“Coutts”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim at para 2.

As Coutts was winding down its operations, it pressured Mr Yip to pay back the
outstanding loan of $2,625,000. This led Mr Yip to look for an alternative
source of funds to pay off Coutts. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Yip v Loy at [9]–[10].

6 On or around 20 April 2016, Mr Loy was appointed a director of Yip Holdings,
and 52.5% of the shares in Yip Holdings were transferred to Mr Loy between 20
to 21 June 2016. The notification of his appointment as director and the
notifications in relation to the share transfers were lodged with Accounting
and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) from 22 to 23 September 2016 (the
“Notifications”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Yip v Loy at [7].

In Suit 703, Mr Yip challenged the validity of the Notifications and the
underlying transactions.

7 Then, on 17 November 2016, Yip Holdings entered into a loan agreement with
Ethoz Capital Ltd (“Ethoz”) for the sum of $4m, secured by the Telok Kurau
property (the “Ethoz Loan”). Of the loan amount of $4m, a sum of $281,500 was
retained by Ethoz as interest for the first year of the loan, facility fee and
commitment fee, while another sum of $2,450,000 was paid to Coutts to
discharge the mortgage over the Telok Kurau property. As for the remaining sum
of $1,268,500 (the “Balance Sum”), it was deposited into Yip Holdings’ bank
account. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim at para 3.

It was not disputed that subsequently, the interest that had to be paid to
Ethoz attributable to the Balance Sum amounted to $76,110 (the “Interest”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim at para 4.

8 On 18 November 2016, Mr Loy transferred the Balance Sum to the bank account
of Yip & Loy Pte Ltd (“YLPL”). Mr Loy is the sole shareholder and director of
YLPL which was subsequently renamed Property Street Pte Ltd (“PSPL”).
Thereafter, by way of three transactions on 18 November 2016, 22 November
2016, and 30 December 2016, the Balance Sum was transferred out from YLPL’s
bank account into Mr Loy’s personal bank account. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim at para 5.

The prior action – HC/S 703/2017

9 On 2 August 2017, Mr Yip and Yip Holdings commenced Suit 703 against Mr Loy
and PSPL. Mr Yip and Yip Holdings alleged, inter alia, that: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (S 703) at paras 4 – 15, 20 – 32.

(a) Mr Yip did not appoint Mr Loy as a director of Yip Holdings, and Mr Loy
was not duly appointed as a director of Yip Holdings;

(b) Mr Yip did not transfer the shares to Mr Loy, and that Mr Loy was not a
shareholder of Yip Holdings;

(c) Mr Loy wrongfully accessed the ACRA online filing system to lodge the
Notifications;

(d) Mr Loy caused Yip Holdings to enter into the Ethoz Loan;

(e) The transfer of $1,268,500 to PSPL was wrongful;

(f) Mr Loy and/or PSPL had been unjustly enriched, and Mr Yip and/or Yip
Holdings had the right to recover the sum from Mr Loy and/or PSPL in
restitution.

(g) Further or alternatively, the transfer of $1,268,500 was in breach of
trust and/or fiduciary duty by Mr Loy, and that the sum should be repaid to Mr
Yip and/or Yip Holdings.

(h) Mr Loy and/or PSPL should pay the Interest to Mr Yip and/or Yip Holdings.

10 In their defence, Mr Loy and PSPL claimed that between April to September
2016, an alleged oral agreement was entered into between Mr Loy and Mr Yip.
The alleged oral agreement comprised the following parts: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) (S 703) at paras 7 – 10. Yip v Loy at [106].

(a) Mr Yip agreed to appoint Mr Loy as a director of Yip Holdings, to transfer
52.5% of the shares in Yip Holdings to Mr Loy, and for Mr Loy to run the
operations and finances of Yip Holdings;

(b) Mr Yip agreed to enter into the Ethoz Loan;

(c) Mr Yip agreed to give a sum of $175,000 to Mr Loy for reducing the amount
payable to Coutts from $2,625,000 to $2,450,000 (the “haircut sum”);

(d) Out of the loan sum of $4m, Mr Yip agreed for $281,500 to be retained by
Ethoz, and for $2.45m to be used to discharge the mortgage in favour of
Coutts. Further, Mr Yip agreed to the use of the Balance Sum for investments
to grow the capital of Yip Holdings. We shall refer to this as the “Investment
Agreement”. Once the capital had been grown sufficiently, Loy would transfer
the funds back to Yip Holdings’ account and the profits would then be used to
provide funds for a redevelopment project along Rangoon Road (the
“redevelopment project”).

(e) Concurrently, Mr Yip would also sell the Telok Kurau property, to provide
more funds for the redevelopment project.

11 In response, Mr Yip and Yip Holdings denied the existence of any oral
agreement. In the alternative, should the court find that Mr Yip agreed to any
aspect of the oral agreement, they pleaded that any such aspect would not be
valid or enforceable, and that they should not be bound, inter alia, on the
ground of unconscionability or because Mr Yip had special disabilities, as a
result of “necrotizing fasciitis, and was hospitalised from 14 July to 4
August 2016 undergoing 3 surgeries and a period of prolonged ICU stay”, that
Mr Loy took advantage of. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Reply (S 703) at para 5.

12 In Yip v Loy, Chan J made the following findings:

(a) Mr Yip agreed to appoint Mr Loy as a director, to transfer the shares, and
allow Mr Loy to run the operations and finances of Yip Holdings (at
[147]–[164]).

(b) Mr Yip agreed to the Ethoz Loan. In fact, it was not disputed by Mr Yip
that he signed the loan documents knowingly, and that he agreed to the Ethoz
Loan (at [165]).

(c) Mr Yip did not agree to give Mr Loy the haircut sum (at [166]–[171]).

(d) Mr Yip did not agree to the Investment Agreement. He also did not agree to
sell the Telok Kurau property to fund the redevelopment project (at
[172]–[188]).

(e) While there was evidence from Dr Mervyn Koh (“Dr Koh”) from Tan Tock Seng
Hospital that Mr Yip was suffering from some mental impairment before and
after his hospitalisation, as well as post-ICU delirium on 14 September 2016,
Mr Yip signed the relevant resolutions in relation to the appointment of Mr
Loy as director and the share transfers “with full knowledge of the nature of
those documents”. In fact, these documents were signed around the same time as
the documents for the Ethoz Loan (which Mr Loy did not challenge). Further, Mr
Yip did not specifically plead non est factum to contend that he did not know
and understand what he was signing at the relevant time (at [144]–[146]).

(f) Given the view taken of the medical evidence, there was insufficient basis
to find that Mr Yip had been exploited by Mr Loy (at [190]–[196]).

(g) The transfer of the Balance Sum out of Yip Holdings’ account was
unauthorised and was for Mr Loy’s personal use and benefit (at [198]).

(h) Given the finding that share transfers were valid, Mr Loy is a majority
shareholder of Yip Holdings. As the minority shareholder of Yip Holdings, Mr
Yip did not have locus standi to commence the action without the consent of Mr
Loy. Mr Yip also failed to obtain leave to pursue a derivative action.
Accordingly, the claim against Mr Loy for breach of fiduciary duty was
dismissed (at [199]–[205]).

(i) The loss of the Balance Sum was suffered by Yip Holdings and not by Mr Yip
as he had no proprietary rights to it. The failure of Mr Yip to pursue
derivative action to sue as a minority shareholder of Yip Holdings meant that
Yip Holdings was no longer a party to Suit 703 and the claim in unjust
enrichment was dismissed (at [218]–[220]).

13 Accordingly, Chan J dismissed the claims in Suit 703.

Application for leave to commence a derivative action – HC/OS 526/2020

14 Following the outcome in Yip v Loy, on 5 June 2020, Mr Yip filed HC/OS
526/2020 (“OS 526”) for leave to commence an action against Mr Loy in the name
and on behalf of Yip Holdings pursuant to s 216A of the Companies Act 1967
(2020 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”). Mr Loy attended two pre-trial conferences on
25 June 2020 and 16 July 2020, but he was absent for the final pre-trial
conference on 6 August 2020. When Pang Khang Chau J granted the application at
the hearing on 28 August 2020, he was also absent.

The present action – HC/S 836/2020

15 On 3 September 2020, Yip Holdings commenced Suit 836, claiming, inter alia,
breach by Mr Loy of his duty of care and/or his statutory duty and/or
fiduciary duties owed to Yip Holdings as director in misappropriating the
Balance Sum, and for recovery of the Balance Sum and the Interest being a
total amount of $1,344,610. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim at para 7.

16 On 13 September 2020, Yip Holdings obtained leave for substituted service,
and duly served a copy of the Statement of Claim and the Writ of Summons by
posting them on the front door of Mr Loy’s address on 16 September 2020. As Mr
Loy did not enter an appearance, on 28 September 2020, Yip Holdings obtained a
default judgment pursuant to O 13 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”)
against Mr Loy for the payment of $1,344,610.00, interest at 5.33% per annum
from the date of writ to date of judgment and costs of $3,499.50 (the “O 13
Judgment”). On 14 January 2021, Yip Holdings commenced garnishee proceedings.
On 28 January 2021, Mr Loy applied to set aside the O 13 Judgment by way of
HC/SUM 457/2021 (“SUM 457”).

The setting aside application – HC/SUM 457/2021

17 In support of SUM 457, Mr Loy filed a brief affidavit dated 19 March 2021
(the “Setting Aside Affidavit”). To explain the four-month delay before the
application, Mr Loy stated that he and his mother were embroiled in criminal
proceedings in the State Courts on charges involving misappropriation of the
Balance Sum (the “State Courts proceedings”). Having exhausted his funds in
legal proceedings, he had “absolutely no funds” to pay for legal
representation to set aside the O 13 Judgment. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of LWE dated 19 March 2021 at paras 4 to 9.

18 Mr Loy proceeded to state that he had a prima facie defence. He asserted
that “[Mr Yip] and [he] had an agreement for [him] to manage the S$1,268,500
and to invest the money so as to increase the assets of the [Yip Holdings]”.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of LWE dated 19 March 2021 at para 18.

Mr Loy said that he had “set out relevant matters relating to this agreement
in paragraphs 69 and 89 of [his] AEIC in [Suit 703].” Mr Loy’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief of 24 April 2019 in Suit 703 (the “AEIC”) is then exhibited
to the Setting Aside Affidavit as “LWE-2”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of LWE dated 19 March 2021 at para 19.

On that basis, Mr Loy denied that he misappropriated the Balance Sum, or
breached any duties to Yip Holdings. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of LWE dated 19 March 2021 at para 21.

We shall refer to this as the “Intended Defence”.

19 At para 69(c) of the AEIC, Mr Loy stated that Mr Yip agreed that the
Balance Sum would form the capital of Yip Holdings, and Mr Loy would manage
Yip Holdings’ finances and work towards increasing its capital through
investments. At para 69(d) of the AEIC, Mr Loy stated that Mr Yip agreed that
Mr Loy would invest:

(a) approximately $900,000 in a property located at Lucky Plaza (the “Lucky
Plaza property”);

(b) approximately $200,000 in shares; and

(c) approximately $100,000 in a mobile application called “Property Street”.

20 Turning to para 89 of his AEIC, we note that it falls under the sub-heading
“Haircut”. There, Mr Loy stated that “[h]aving utilised the S$4m [of the Ethoz
Loan] in the manner set out in the paragraphs above”, there was insufficient
money left to pay him the haircut sum of $175,000 but he did not press Mr Yip
for payment of the difference. Paragraph 89 thus refers to the preceding
paragraphs generally without specificity. However, it was clear to us that for
the Intended Defence Mr Loy relied on an agreement to invest the Balance Sum
on terms as per the Investment Agreement as set out at para [19] above.

21 In addition to raising the Intended Defence, based on Mr Yip’s mental
incapacity, Mr Loy questioned the validity of these proceedings. According to
Mr Loy, sometime in early March 2021, Dr Jerome Goh (“Dr Goh”), a psychiatrist
from the Institute of Mental Health, gave evidence in the State Courts
proceedings that Mr Yip was unfit to testify in court because of significant
cognitive deficits. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 18 – 19.

In fact, Dr Goh examined Mr Yip on 21 September 2020 and stated his findings
in his medical report dated 18 October 2020. Therefore, Mr Loy concluded that
there was “a serious issue to be tried as to the instructions received by [Yip
Holdings’ lawyers] in this case and the veracity of the matters pleaded in the
Statement of Claim”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Affidavit of LWE dated 19 March 2021 at paragraphs 11 to 16.

22 On 27 May 2021, the AR dismissed SUM 457. In the AR’s view, the Intended
Defence was but a collateral attack on the decision in Suit 703, and to allow
Mr Loy to relitigate the issue again would be an abuse of process. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Decision in SUM 457 at paras 10 – 13.

As regards Mr Loy’s arguments regarding Mr Yip’s mental capacity, the AR held
that Mr Yip’s daughter, Ms Yip Li-Fen (“Ms Yip”), was validly appointed as Mr
Yip’s donee under a valid lasting power of attorney and that there was no
triable issue in relation to the validity of the proceedings. Therefore, there
were no triable issues in the case. By way of RA 154, Mr Loy appealed against
the AR’s decision.

The appeal to the Judge - HC/RA 154/2021

23 On 2 August 2021, the Judge dismissed RA 154. Agreeing with the AR, the
Judge found that the Intended Defence relied on the very same evidence Mr Loy
had given in Suit 703. The Judge was of the view that Chan J, having
considered the evidence before him, as well as the credibility of the
witnesses, had made specific findings of fact that there was no Investment
Agreement between Mr Yip and Mr Loy, that Mr Loy had breached his fiduciary
duty to Yip Holdings, and that the transfer of the Balance Sum was
unauthorised. The Intended Defence did not give rise to any triable issues,
and it was no more than a collateral attack on the findings by Chan J in Suit
703.

The appeal

Mr Loy’s case

24 On 2 September 2021, Mr Loy filed AD 3. In the Appellant’s Case dated 25
March 2022, Mr Loy raised three main arguments. First, Mr Loy argued that the
Judge’s decision that there is an abuse of process is “misconceived because in
these proceedings, [Mr Yip] is claiming against [him] for breach of his duty
of care and/or statutory duty and/or his fiduciary duties owed to [Yip
Holdings] as a Director, and for the sum of $1,355,610 that he caused [Yip
Holdings] to suffer by his breaches... [emphasis added]”. These “issues” were
not decided in Suit 703 “because no derivative action had been brought
[emphasis added]”. There is “no basis for the [Judge] to suggest that there is
an abuse of process if [Mr Loy] is allowed to defend the claim brought by [Yip
Holdings] [emphasis added]”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s Case at pp 2 – 3.

25 Second, Mr Loy submitted that there was additional evidence to be
considered in support of the Intended Defence. Such additional evidence fell
within four categories: (a) “many more new witnesses” who would support Mr
Loy’s contentions that he was authorised by Mr Yip “to utilise the $1,344,610
for investments to grow [Yip Holdings’] funds” for the redevelopment project;
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s Case at p 3; Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at para 10.

(b) evidence “detailed in paragraphs 9 to 17 of his affidavit filed on 26
November 2021 for CA/SUM 76/2021 (“the 26 November 2021 affidavit” and “CA/SUM
76” respectively)”; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s Case at p 5; Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at para 12.

(c) proceedings involving Mr Yip’s brother in an unrelated lawsuit that
allegedly entailed an allegation of mental incapacity (which cast doubt on Mr
Yip’s denial of the Investment Agreement based on post-ICU delirium); 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s Case at pp 10-12.

and (d) a document which Mr Loy had “recently found” which Mr Yip had signed
consenting to Mr Loy’s use of the Balance Sum to grow Yip Holdings’ funds (the
“Written Agreement”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s Case at p 4.

To sum up, Mr Loy contended that there was more than sufficient evidence to
suggest that “it [was] not safe or appropriate” to rely on Chan J decision to
conclude that Mr Loy had no prima facie defence to the claim in these
proceedings. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Case at p 13.

26 Third, Mr Loy relied on the fact that Mr Yip lacked mental capacity to
testify in the State Court proceedings. According to Mr Loy, Mr Yip’s
cognitive deficits called into question the instructions received by Yip
Holdings’ lawyers for the proceedings.

Yip Holdings’ case

27 In response, Yip Holdings contended that in arguing that the Judge’s
application of abuse of process is “misconceived” because the claims in the
two sets of proceedings are different, Mr Loy appeared to have confused cause
of action estoppel with abuse of process. For abuse of process to apply, there
is no requirement that the causes of action in the two sets of proceedings be
the same. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 28, 29 and 59.

On the present facts, abuse of process was available to Yip Holdings.

28 Further, Yip Holdings disputed the admissibility, relevance and/or the
weight to be accorded to the four categories of additional evidence relied on
by Mr Loy to support the Intended Defence. Yip Holdings contended that as the
Intended Defence is but a repeat of Mr Loy’s defence in Suit 703, it is not a
triable defence, and there is an abuse of process. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s Case at para 19.

Furthermore, Yip Holdings added that issue estoppel arose to prevent Mr Loy
from raising the Investment Agreement. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 49 – 58.

29 In relation to the challenge to the validity of the proceedings based on Mr
Loy’s lack of mental capacity, Yip Holdings submitted that the matters pleaded
in the Statement of Claim were largely based on indisputable facts as stated
in Yip v Loy, and no triable issue arose from this. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 42 and 63.

Application for leave to adduce further evidence for the appeal: AD/SUM
26/2022

30 Before we deal with the appeal, we address SUM 26. On the day of the
hearing for the appeal, Mr Loy’s counsel made an application to adjourn the
proceedings in order to file a formal application to admit the Written
Agreement which we referred to at [25] above.

31 We pause to observe that in the Appellant’s Case dated 25 March 2022, Mr
Loy stated that “[the Written Agreement] will be the basis of an application
…to introduce fresh evidence for the appeal”. The “new evidence” would be
critical as it would demonstrate that Chan J was wrong in coming to his
conclusion in Suit 703 that the Investment Agreement did not exist. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s Case at p 4.

However, from 25 March 2022 to the hearing on 20 July 2022, no application was
filed. In fact, in the Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions filed on 12 July 2022,
no mention was made of the Written Agreement. Mr Loy’s counsel acknowledged
the delay was on the part of Mr Loy, explaining that the Written Agreement had
been misplaced, and that Mr Loy’s mother found the document again the night
before the hearing. After hearing the parties, we allowed the adjournment, and
Mr Loy duly filed the application on 27 July 2022.

32 According to Mr Loy, Mr Yip signed the Written Agreement on 12 November
2016. The document states: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Affidavit of Loy Wei Ezekiel (SUM 26) at para 7 and Exhibit “LWE-1”.

YIP HOLDINGS PTE LTD

(UEN: 199004904D)

130 Lorong J Telok Kurau

Singapore 425958

12th November 2016

It is hereby agreed for the balance of the Ethoz loan of $1,268,500 shall be
utilised;

1\. $300,000 to be set aside as costs of acquiring the Ethoz loan, costs with
regards to the Coutts repayment settlement, initial redevelopment costs
including miscellaneous costs.

2\. $20,000 to be reimbursed to Ronald Yip Fook Chong.

3\. The balance funds to be invested in investments managed by Loy Wei
Ezekiel.

Ronald Yip Fook Chong

[signature]

[handwritten name: Ronald Yip Fook Chong]

33 In his affidavit filed in support of the application, Mr Loy explained that
after the Ethoz Loan was disbursed sometime in October 2016, Mr Yip started
making “bizarre suggestions” about how the Balance Sum should be used. To
prevent any misunderstanding, Mr Loy thought it best to have a written
agreement drawn up. Thus, he prepared two copies of the agreement for Mr Yip
to sign. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Affidavit of Loy Wei Ezekiel (SUM 26) at paras 9, 12 and 13.

34 Sometime on 12 November 2016, Mr Loy gave Mr Yip a lift and asked Mr Yip to
sign the two copies in the car. The first copy was signed “awkwardly and
badly” as the car was in motion. This is the Written Agreement produced before
us. A second copy was signed after the car had stopped (“the second signed
copy”). Mr Loy then placed the second signed copy in the boot of his car and
placed the Written Agreement in the back seat of his car to be discarded. The
Written Agreement was subsequently placed in the flat that he shared with his
parents and brother. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Affidavit of Loy Wei Ezekiel (SUM 26) at paras 14 to 22.

35 When Mr Loy was arrested on 16 August 2017, the police seized the second
signed copy from the boot of his car along with a bundle of other documents
(the contents of which are not relevant to the present case).Mr Loy repeatedly
asked the police to return the documents to him, but they refused his
requests. In Suit 703, Mr Loy did not mention the existence of any written
agreement as he had been advised by his previous lawyers that he could not say
this because he was not in possession of the second signed copy, and he
believed that the Written Agreement had been disposed of. It was only in early
2022 that Mr Loy’s mother discovered the Written Agreement while she was
clearing out the flat. However, his mother then misplaced the Written
Agreement again due to subsequent police raids. It was only on the eve of the
appeal hearing that she managed to locate it again. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Affidavit of Loy Wei Ezekiel (SUM 26) at paras 23 to 28.

36 In response, Ms Yip and Ms Puno Lynneth Jamolong (“Ms Puno”), the domestic
helper who takes care of Mr Yip, sought to cast doubt on Mr Loy’s version on
how the Written Agreement came about. In their affidavits, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Reply Affidavit of Yip Li-Fen (SUM 26) and Reply Affidavit of Puno Lynneth
Jamolong (SUM 26).

they alleged that sometime on 31 August 2021 at about 11.50am, an unidentified
man went to Mr Yip’s residence to deliver mooncakes. He insisted that Mr Yip
personally sign for the mooncakes and write his name below his signature. As
Mr Yip was unable to write his name, Ms Puno wrote the words “Ronald Yip” and
the words “Fook Chong” were added by the unidentified man. Ms Puno was unable
to see the top portion of the document which was covered by the unidentified
man. However, Ms Puno alleged that the signature in the Written Agreement was
that signed by Mr Yip on 31 August 2021, and the words “Ronald Yip” were
written by her. Through messages sent to Ms Yip, Ms Puno informed Ms Yip about
what had happened. At about 3.00pm, the same man returned to Mr Yip’s
residence to deliver a single mooncake and asked Mr Yip to sign for it again.
Ms Puno found the request rather odd and took a picture of Mr Yip signing the
second mooncake delivery form. Yip Holdings submitted that the bottom half of
the Written Agreement looked very similar to the delivery form shown in the
photograph. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Respondent’s Submissions (SUM 26) at para 36.

The parties’ arguments

37 Mr Loy’s arguments were threefold. First, Mr Loy submitted that as the O 13
Judgment was obtained by default, the three requirements set out in Ladd v
Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v Marshall”) for adducing fresh evidence on
appeal should not be applied. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions (SUM 26) at paras 16 – 17.

As the Written Agreement was highly relevant and cannot be said to lack
credibility, it should be admitted for the purposes of this appeal. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions (SUM 26) at para 18.

38 Second, Mr Loy argued that the Ladd v Marshall requirements were met in the
present case. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions (SUM 26) at para 20.

In any event, he argued that should the first criterion of prior non-
availability not be met, the court should exercise its discretion to act in
the interests of justice. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions (SUM 26) at para 21.

Third, he argued that the Written Agreement itself provided a prima facie
defence to Yip Holdings’ claim.

39 Yip Holdings’ position was that the application should be dismissed because
Mr Loy had not satisfied all three limbs of Ladd v Marshall. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions in SUM 26 at paras 26 – 41.

First, given that Mr Loy had been in possession of the document but believed
that he had misplaced it, the requirement of prior non-availability was not
met. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions in SUM 26 at paras 26 – 27.

Second, in light of the contrasting accounts as to how the Written Agreement
came to be signed, there were serious questions about its credibility. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions in SUM 26 at paras 34 – 41.

Third, the Written Agreement was inconsistent with the Intended Defence. This
meant that the Written Agreement was of little relevance. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions in SUM 26 at paras 19 – 25 and 33.

Our decision on SUM 26

40 The three cumulative requirements to adduce further evidence on appeal set
out in Ladd v Marshall are as follows:

(a) First, the evidence could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence
for use at the hearing below (the “prior non-availability requirement”).

(b) Second, the evidence, if given, would probably have an important influence
on the result of the case, though it need not be decisive (the “materiality
requirement”).

(c) Third, the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in
other words, it must be apparently credible, though it need not be
incontrovertible (the “credibility requirement”).

41 Further, in Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Stock Joint
Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341 at [57]–[59], the Court of Appeal set out these
propositions. If the appeal concerns a decision made in a trial or hearing
bearing the characteristics of a trial, the requirements in Ladd v Marshall
should apply in its full rigour. Otherwise, the court is guided by the
requirements in Ladd v Marshall but may not apply them strictly. Even if it is
determined that the requirements in Ladd v Marshall are to be applied
strictly, the court should then determine if there are any other reasons for
which the Ladd v Marshall requirements should be relaxed in the interests of
justice.

42 As pointed out by Mr Loy, the appeal arose out of the decision not to set
aside the O 13 Judgment (which did not involve the taking of evidence). While
we did not agree with Mr Loy’s position that the Ladd v Marshall conditions
should not be applied, we accepted that they need not be stringently applied.
In any event, for the reasons that follow, we found that the Written Agreement
was inadmissible in this appeal as it did not meet any of the Ladd v Marshall
requirements.

43 First, we were unpersuaded by Mr Loy’s unsubstantiated account that for the
purpose of Suit 703, he was unable to procure the return of the second signed
copy from the police and that he believed that the Written Agreement had been
disposed of. Mr Loy has not produced any evidence to show that he had
contacted the police about obtaining the second signed copy or that the police
had refused to return it to him upon his request. There is also no logical
reason why Mr Loy’s previous lawyers would have advised him not to mention the
written agreement throughout the trial for Suit 703. Besides, Mr Loy’s claim
as to the alleged advice from his previous lawyers was only a bare allegation.
Further, we found it unbelievable that Mr Loy’s mother found the Written
Agreement “earlier this year”, but that thereafter, she could not locate it
until the eve of the appeal hearing. Indeed, we reiterate that in the
Appellant’s Case dated 25 March 2022, it was clearly stated that Mr Loy had
recently found the document. However, for a good four months thereafter, no
steps were taken to apply to adduce the document. Even if the prior non-
availability requirement was not applied strictly, the fact that Mr Loy had
failed to produce the Written Agreement both at the trial of Suit 703 and at
the two hearings below, should clearly be taken against him.

44 Second, the Written Agreement contains terms that are fundamentally
different from those of the Investment Agreement in three broad areas:

(a) First, the Written Agreement provides that out of the Balance Sum, a sum
of $300,000 is “to be set aside as costs of acquiring the Ethoz loan, costs
with regards to the Coutts repayment settlement, initial redevelopment costs
including miscellaneous costs.” This deduction of $300,000 from the Balance
Sum is absent from the Investment Agreement. If so deducted, there would be a
balance of $968,500.

(b) Second, the Written Agreement provides for a further sum of $20,000 to be
reimbursed to Mr Yip out of the Balance Sum. Again, this is absent from the
Investment Agreement. If so deducted from $968,500, there would be a balance
of $948,500.

(c) Third, and most significantly, by the Investment Agreement, the Balance
Sum was to be used as follows: (i) approximately $900,000 to be invested in
the Lucky Plaza Property; (ii) approximately $200,000 to be invested in
shares; and (iii) approximately $100,000 to be invested in the development of
a mobile application. In contrast, the Written Agreement does not mention any
of these three specific investments. Rather, it refers generally to ploughing
the “balance funds”, ie, $948,500 (instead of the Balance Sum, ie, $1,268,500)
into “investments managed by [Mr Loy]”. Not a single investment is identified.

45 The stark differences between the Written Agreement and the Investment
Agreement meant that the former was of no relevance to the determination of
the key issue in the appeal, which was whether the Intended Defence based on
the Investment Agreement formed a prima facie defence. The Written Agreement
did not support the Investment Agreement. In fact, it was inconsistent with
the latter. The introduction of the Written Agreement would mark a shift in Mr
Loy’s case. As articulated in UJN v UJO [2021] SGCA 18 (“UJN”) at [7], the
court should be disinclined to allow a party to adduce fresh evidence on
appeal if that evidence is in aid of a position which is inconsistent with the
position below. This also weighed against allowing Mr Loy’s application.

46 Third, even setting aside the suspicion raised by the accounts of Ms Yip
and Ms Puno that Mr Yip’s signature on the Written Agreement was
surreptitiously procured under the pretext of obtaining his acknowledgement
for the delivery of mooncakes, we had genuine concerns about the credibility
of the document. In and of itself, the emergence of such an important document
almost six years after it was signed was unbelievable. What perturbed us more
was Mr Loy’s convoluted explanation of how two copies were signed to explain
the extremely poor quality of Mr Yip’s signature on the Written Agreement. In
our judgment, the purported provenance cast serious doubt on the reliability
of the document.

47 Finally, in terms of the contents of the Written Agreement, Mr Loy claimed
that Mr Yip signed it on 12 November 2016, after the Ethoz Loan was disbursed.
However, as Yip Holdings had pointed out, the Ethoz Loan was actually
disbursed on 17 November 2016. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (SUM 26) at para 41.

Relatedly, on 12 November 2016, the Balance Sum would not have been known.
Therefore, it was odd that the Written Agreement sought to deal with the
Balance Sum. Again, these aspects caused us to question the credibility of the
Written Agreement.

48 For the foregoing reasons, we dismissed SUM 26.

Our decision in respect of the appeal

The applicable legal principles

49 Returning to the substantive appeal, we touch briefly on the applicable
legal principles. Judgments granted under O 13 of the ROC fall broadly into
those entered regularly, and those entered irregularly: see Mercurine Pte Ltd
v Canberra Development Pte Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 907 (“Mercurine”) at [43]. The
court’s discretionary power to set aside a default judgment is found in O 13 r
8 of the ROC. To set aside a regular judgment, such as the one in the present
case, a defendant must be able to establish a prima facie defence, in the
sense of showing that there are triable or arguable issues: Mercurine at [60].
The assessment of whether there is a prima facie defence is not an exercise of
discretion, but an evaluative assessment of the merits of the defence based on
the evidence, albeit on a preliminary basis. If a prima facie defence exists,
there then arises a question of discretion. In exercising the discretion, the
court will balance the existence of the prima facie defence against other
factors such as the period of and reason for any delay in applying to set
aside including the prejudice that the plaintiff would suffer if the judgment
were to be set aside: see U Myo Nyunt (alias Michael Nyunt) v First Property
Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 816 at [64] (“U Myo Nyunt”).

The issues

50 Based on the parties’ respective cases set out at [24]–[29] above, these
were the issues raised for our determination:

(a) Whether the Intended Defence raised triable issues;

(b) Whether in relation to the Intended Defence, the extended doctrine of res
judicata (or abuse of process) is applicable. Connected but distinct from this
is the question whether issue estoppel arose to bar Mr Yip from raising the
Intended Defence; and

(c) Whether Mr Yip’s lack of mental capacity formed a triable issue.

51 For completeness, we note that the parties did not submit on the question
of the exercise of the court’s discretion. In particular, Yip Holdings did not
take issue with the delay of four months by Mr Loy before bringing SUM 457
(see [17] above) or state that any prejudice had been caused to it.

Whether the Intended Defence raised triable issues

52 We begin then with the Intended Defence. The test in deciding whether a
defendant can establish a prima facie defence is akin to the test for
obtaining leave to defend in a summary judgment application under O 14 of the
ROC (Mercurine at [60]; U Myo Nyunt at [64]). This means that a defendant must
satisfy the court that he has a fair or reasonable probability of showing a
real or bona fide defence, ie, that his evidence is reasonably capable of
belief: see Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de Naray and
Christopher John Walters [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 21 at 23; Goh Chok Tong v Chee
Soon Juan [2003] 3 SLR(R) 32 at [25]; and Lee Kuan Yew v Chee Soon Juan [2003]
3 SLR(R) 8 at [24] and [25].

53 It is trite that leave to defend would not be granted on the basis of a
mere assertion, even if it were contained in a sworn affidavit (M2B World Asia
Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR 325 at [19]), and there must
be some evidence, direct or indirect, to support the assertions made (Calvin
Klein, Inc and another v HS International Pte Ltd and others [2016] 5 SLR 1183
at [45]). In fact, the defendant’s position must be articulated with
“sufficient particularity and supported by cogent evidence” (B2C2 Ltd v Quoine
Pte Ltd [2018] 4 SLR 1 at [50]). The court is to “independently assess, having
regard to the evidence as a whole, if the defence is credible” (JP Choon Pte
Ltd v Lal Offshore Marine Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 115 at [15]). These
amplifications of the test are particularly significant in the court’s
consideration of the question whether Mr Loy had demonstrated that his
Intended Defence is real or bona fide.

The Setting Aside Affidavit

54 In the Setting Aside Affidavit, Mr Loy asserted there was an agreement by
Mr Yip for him to manage and invest the Balance Sum, and then adopted in its
entirety the matters set out in paras 69 and 89 of the AEIC (see [18] above).
Therefore, the Intended Defence rested on the Investment Agreement raised in
Suit 703.

55 In this connection, it is pertinent to observe that while there are 19
exhibits to the AEIC, para 69 of the AEIC itself makes no reference to any of
the exhibits. Turning to paras 77 to 88 of the AEIC, there is only one exhibit
adduced in support of the alleged investment in the Lucky Plaza property. This
is an e-mail from Mr Yip to Mr Loy dated 17 November 2016, with Mr Yip asking
Mr Loy to lend Mr Yip a sum of $5,000 so that Mr Yip can “go to Lucky Plaza to
remit this S$5,000 to Mariko”. At para 78 of the AEIC, Mr Loy explained that
the e-mail showed that Mr Yip frequently visited the Lucky Plaza development
to remit sums to his “mistress”. As Mr Yip was familiar with the development,
Mr Yip then wanted to invest in the Lucky Plaza property. Having perused the
e-mail, and considered Mr Loy’s explanation, in our view, this piece of
evidence is completely tangential to the claim of an agreement to invest in
the Lucky Plaza property. As for the other 18 exhibits, Mr Loy did not
identify any of them (nor did we consider any of them) to be pertinent to the
Intended Defence.

56 In the absence of any supporting evidence, much less cogent evidence, Mr
Loy was doing no more than to point to his own bare assertions as to the
existence of an oral agreement with Mr Yip to invest the Balance Sum (which
was a substantial amount of $1,268,500) in certain investments, ie, as per the
Investment Agreement. We did not have to take the contents of the Setting
Aside Affidavit and the AEIC at face value. The mere assertions in Mr Loy’s
affidavits did not suffice to give rise to triable issues.

57 Significantly, from Yip v Loy, we note that there appeared to be some other
documentary evidence produced in support of the Investment Agreement at the
trial of Suit 703. In particular, there were records adduced in relation to
the three forms of investments mentioned in the Investment Agreement. Having
evaluated such evidence, Chan J observed as follows:

(a) That the manner in which the funds were allegedly moved out of Yip
Holdings’ bank account for the payment for the Lucky Plaza property (including
the use of Mr Loy’s mother’s two bank accounts) was suspicious. This indicated
that there was no agreement for the use of the Balance Sum to purchase the
Lucky Plaza property (Yip v Loy at [79] and [112]).

(b) That Mr Loy’s Central Depository (“CDP”) account statements contradicted
his evidence at trial as to how the $200,000 was used for various share
investments as agreed with Mr Yip (Yip v Loy at [132]–[133] and [181]).

(c) That the invoices for the alleged mobile application only amounted to
$28,500 and not the $100,000 Mr Loy claimed he had invested in “Property
Street” (Yip v Loy at [181]).

58 For the purposes of the appeal, it is unnecessary for us to express any
view on the correctness of Chan J’s assessment of such evidence, or the
soundness of his finding that the Investment Agreement did not exist (based,
inter alia, on the observations above). The point we wish to make is this. Mr
Loy had to convince us based on cogent evidence that he had a prima facie
defence based on the Investment Agreement. This he woefully failed to do. As
discussed at [57] above, there appeared to be some documentary evidence,
including bank records, CDP account statements and invoices, concerning the
purported transactions. But Mr Loy did not think it fit to present a
comprehensive affidavit in support of his case, properly exhibiting all
necessary evidence for consideration by the court. At the risk of repeating
ourselves, in the Setting Aside Affidavit, Mr Loy chose to cursorily cross-
refer to two paragraphs in the AEIC (with one e-mail exhibit of little
relevance) to support the Intended Defence.

59 This left us to seriously ponder whether Mr Loy acknowledged that in any
event, the records would not have supported the Intended Defence. Further, we
observe that such records do not even form part of his bid to introduce four
categories of further evidence by way of the Appellant’s Case (see [60] below
onwards). This reinforced our concern. In such circumstances, based on the
Setting Aside Affidavit, Mr Loy was unable to persuade us that he had a prima
facie defence.

The further evidence

60 It seemed to us that having lost the appeal before the Judge, Mr Loy then
recognised the evidential hurdle he faced. In the Appellant’s Case, Mr Loy
contended that there was additional evidence falling within four categories in
support of the Intended Defence (see [25] above). Given that the Written
Agreement was the subject matter of SUM 26, we shall deal with it separately
from the first three categories. For the reasons which follow, we found that
this approach did not assist Mr Loy in shoring up the Intended Defence.

(1) Purported new witnesses

61 Apart from the statement in the Appellant’s Case that there were new
witnesses he could rely on in support of the oral agreement with Mr Yip, Mr
Loy did not provide any details as to who these witnesses were or what
evidence they might proffer. Such an assertion was vague and unsubstantiated.
More fundamentally, in the Setting Aside Affidavit, Mr Loy did not mention
that he had new witnesses. Mr Loy did not seek leave to file any further
evidence on this point, nor did he seek leave for any affidavit to be filed by
any of the purported witnesses under O 56A r 17 of the ROC. As Yip Holdings
pointed out, this was tantamount to evidence being given from the bar.
Accordingly, we were unable to accord any weight to this submission.

(2) Evidence in the 26 November 2021 affidavit

62 Mr Loy also relied on the contents of paras 9 to 17 of the 26 November 2021
affidavit, concerning matters which had emerged in the State Courts
proceedings. Some of the points raised by Mr Loy are as follows: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ROA Vol 3B at pp 220 - 221.

(a) Mr Yip had admitted to the police on 21 August 2017 that he had engaged a
debt collector called “Benny” to collect money from Mr Loy. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ROA Vol 3B at p 221, Reply Affidavit dated 26 November 2021 at para 11.

(b) The Ethoz Loan was meant for PSPL. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROA Vol 3B at pp 221 – 222, Reply Affidavit dated 26 November 2021 at para 12.

(c) Yip Holdings’ counsel had been able to gain access to the files belonging
to the Prosecution and investigating officers involved in the State Courts
proceedings. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ROA Vol 3B at p 223, Reply Affidavit dated 26 November 2021 at paras 16 – 17.

(d) There were inconsistencies between the accounts of Ms Yip and Dr Koh in
Suit 703 as to the reason for Mr Yip’s hospitalisation. While Ms Yip claimed
that the reason for her father’s admission was for necrotising fasciitis, Mr
Yip was actually hospitalised for a motorbike accident. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Reply Affidavit dated 26 November 2021 at p 5.

63 We noted that Yip Holdings objected to Mr Loy’s reference to this
affidavit, and its inclusion in the record of appeal. The affidavit was filed
in CA/SUM 76 which was an application by Yip Holdings to strike out CA/CA
51/2021 (“CA 51”), the initial appeal against the Judge’s decision, for having
been wrongly filed to the Court of Appeal. While CA 51 has since been
transferred to this court, the affidavit was not properly placed before this
court for the appeal. We agreed with Yip Holdings that Mr Loy should have
applied for leave under O 56A r 17 of the ROC to adduce further evidence for
the purpose of this appeal.

64 Be that as it may, having considered the contents of the affidavit, we were
of the view that nothing contained in it strengthened the credibility of
Intended Defence.

65 First, as regards the issue concerning “Benny”, in Suit 703, Mr Loy had
explained that after the Balance Sum was transferred out of Yip Holdings, he
ceased contact with Mr Yip as he had been afraid of “Benny” who was allegedly
a debt collector. Chan J rejected the explanation, and found Mr Loy’s
“disappearance” to be suspicious. However, even if it were to be accepted that
Mr Yip had engaged “Benny” to collect the money from Mr Loy, this entire area
was quite peripheral to the question of the existence of the Investment
Agreement.

66 Second, in relation to Mr Loy’s claim that the Ethoz Loan was meant for
PSPL rather than Yip Holdings, this was simply not supported by the loan
facility document which states that Yip Holdings was the borrower.

67 Third, as regards the allegations made by Mr Loy against Yip Holdings’
counsel, even if proven true, we failed to see their relevance. These
allegations also related to events that had occurred in August 2019, before
the commencement of the trial of Suit 703, but Mr Loy did not even deem it
necessary to raise or canvass them there.

68 Fourth, as regards the alleged inconsistencies relating to why Mr Yip was
hospitalised, Mr Loy’s claim is contradicted by the medical report of Mr Yip
by Tan Tock Seng Hospital which he had appended in his affidavit, stating that
Mr Yip was hospitalised for “[l]eft forearm necrotising fasciitis with septic
shock”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Reply Affidavit dated 26 November 2021 at p 22.

Besides, any inconsistencies concerning the reason for Mr Yip’s
hospitalisation did not change the fact that Mr Yip subsequently developed
issues with his mental faculties as a result of his hospitalisation.
Therefore, it was not clear how any inconsistencies would give rise to any
triable issues in relation to the Investment Agreement.

(3) Proceedings involving Mr Yip’s brother

69 Mr Loy had also referred to the proceedings in HC/S 1148/2017 (“Suit 1148”)
where Mr Yip’s brother who was sued based on a personal guarantee on a loan
had raised a defence of unsoundness of mind. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Appellant’s Case at p 10.

Mr Loy argued that there was a parallel with Mr Yip’s claim in Suit 703 that
Mr Yip was mentally impaired when he dealt with Mr Loy. This indicated that Mr
Yip was likely the “mastermind” who had come up with the broadly similar
arguments premised on an unsoundness of mind, and that there was a “familiar
ring to the Yip family’s modus operandi in deceiving their fellow partners and
invoking the defence of mental incapacity. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Appellant’s Case at p 11; Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 24.

Putting aside the question whether the evidence was properly introduced for
the appeal, the relevance of the conduct of Mr Yip’s brother in Suit 1148 was
highly questionable. Given that there was medical evidence concerning Mr Yip’s
poor mental state at the material time, it was completely far-fetched to
allege that any invocation of mental incapacity was a scam. The effect of any
such mental incapacity, of course, was a separate matter. We did not think
that these allegations assisted Mr Loy at all.

(4) Conclusion

70 To sum up, albeit belatedly, Mr Loy had sought to formally apply to adduce
the Written Agreement by way of SUM 26. In our view, the fact that he did not
do so in respect of any of the other categories, especially the evidence from
the purported new witnesses, reflected his lack of conviction that such
evidence is material. Indeed, the further evidence put forth was either vague
and unsubstantiated (ie, new witnesses), or pertained to peripheral or
irrelevant matters (ie, the evidence in the 26 November 2021 affidavit, and
proceedings involving Mr Yip’s brother). Nothing struck us to be of substance.
In our judgment, even if we were to allow Mr Loy to rely on such evidence
(which had not been properly put before us), there was nothing to make the
Intended Defence more credible. This brings us then to the Written Agreement.

The Written Agreement

71 The entire saga surrounding the Written Agreement not only detracted from
the credibility of the Intended Defence, but also seriously undermined Mr
Loy’s credibility as a witness. As analysed at [44] above, in material
aspects, the terms of the Written Agreement were inconsistent with the
Investment Agreement. Significantly, the Written Agreement did not provide for
any specific investment to be made. If the Written Agreement had been admitted
into evidence, rather than strengthening Mr Loy’s Intended Defence, it would
have weakened his case based on the Investment Agreement (see [58] above).
Furthermore, to our minds, Mr Loy’s entire affidavit in support of SUM 26
beggared belief. In particular, we were highly sceptical of a series of
incredible claims made by Mr Loy in it. These included the explanation of how
the Written Agreement was signed in the car by Mr Yip accounting for the poor
quality of the signature, that Mr Loy was advised by his previous lawyers not
to mention the Written Agreement at all at the trial of Suit 703, that the
Written Agreement was found around the time of the filing of the Appellant’s
Case but then it was misplaced, and that it miraculously emerged again at the
doorstep of the hearing of the appeal (see [46] and [47] above). Thus, we were
fortified in our conclusion that Mr Loy was unable to demonstrate that there
was a prima facie defence based on the Investment Agreement.

Conclusion

72 To round off, the fact of the matter is that Mr Loy had failed to present a
credible defence. He failed to offer any credible evidence in support of the
Intended Defence. He had not shown that the Intended Defence disclosed any
triable issues to constitute a prima facie defence.

Whether extended doctrine of res judicata is applicable, or whether issue
estoppel arose against Mr Loy

73 We move on to Mr Loy’s argument that the Judge’s application of abuse of
process was “misconceived” (see [24] above), which then gave rise to a cluster
of issues relating to res judicata (see Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others
[2007] 1 SLR 453; The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro
Bank NV) v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others,
other parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104).

74 In this connection, we acknowledge Yip Holdings’ submission that the
existence of the Investment Agreement was an issue that was canvassed in Suit
703. Having reviewed the evidence, and having considered the credibility of
the witnesses including Mr Yip, Mr Loy and Ms Yip, Chan J found that the
Investment Agreement did not exist. That said, it is equally important to note
that in dismissing the claims for the Balance Sum and Interest, Chan J held
that Mr Yip did not have locus standi to bring the claims (see [12(h)] and
[12(i)] above).

75 Based on these findings, the parties argued whether Mr Loy should be
precluded from raising the Intended Defence by the extended doctrine of res
judicata (or abuse of process). Further, Yip Holdings submitted that Mr Loy
seemed to be labouring under the misapprehension that it was relying on cause
of action estoppel, but it clarified that it was not. However, in addition to
abuse of process, Yip Holdings argued that issue estoppel also applied in its
favour. Mr Loy did not respond to the two latter points.

76 Be that as it may, in arriving at our conclusion that the Intended Defence
is not a prima facie defence for Suit 836, we did not need to rely on Chan J’s
finding that the Investment Agreement did not exist. In our analysis, we
focused entirely on the fundamental question whether the evidence put before
us by Mr Loy was reasonably capable of belief. In this regard, our reasoning
differed from that of the AR and the Judge. In light of our approach, there is
no need for us to engage the res judicata issues.

Whether Mr Yip’s lack of mental capacity raised a triable issue

77 We proceed to address Mr Loy’s submission that Mr Yip currently lacked
mental capacity, therefore bringing into question whether the matters pleaded
in the Statement of Claim were accurate, or if Yip Holdings’ lawyers had
received proper instructions.

78 In our judgment, whether Mr Yip lacked mental capacity did not raise any
triable issue as regards to this case. First, Mr Loy did not contest Mr Yip’s
lack of mental capacity when Mr Yip applied for leave to commence derivative
action in OS 526. As set out at [14] above, Mr Loy was fully aware of the
proceedings. He attended two pre-trial conferences. He had the opportunity to
raise his objection then, as Mr Yip’s mental condition was already in issue at
the trial of Suit 703. He did not do so. Moreover, he did not attend the
hearing of OS 526 itself. The order was properly obtained by Mr Yip. Since
then, it has not been set aside by Mr Loy.

79 Second, it was not disputed by Mr Loy that Ms Yip, who has taken over Mr
Yip’s affairs, was properly appointed as Mr Yip’s donee by way of a valid
lasting power of attorney. Ms Yip has filed an affidavit explaining that she
has the authority to act on Mr Yip’s behalf to give instructions to Yip
Holdings’ lawyers in relation to these proceedings. Mr Loy did not challenge
the validity of the lasting power of attorney.

80 Third, and in any event, the matters pleaded in Suit 836 are substantially
the same as those pleaded in Suit 703. Most of the background facts are
uncontroversial and are set out in Yip v Loy. Hence, it did not matter that Mr
Yip now no longer has the capacity to speak on these matters from his personal
knowledge, as Yip Holdings has essentially relied on the facts put forward in
Suit 703.

81 Accordingly, we were of the view that the fact that Mr Yip now lacked
mental capacity did not raise a triable issue.

Conclusion

82 For the reasons given above, we dismissed SUM 26 and AD 3. Having
considered the parties’ costs submissions, we ordered Mr Loy to pay costs of
$24,000 (all in) to Yip Holdings. The usual consequential orders were to
apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Justice of the Court of Appeal | Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the appellant;

Yeoh Oon Weng Vincent (Malkin & Maxwell LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Dec 2022 (11:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

