Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 240

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9106 of 2022

Between

| Sabrina Sim Xin Huey  
---|---  
|  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Statutory Interpretation — Construction of statute]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sabrina Sim Xin Huey

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 240

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9106 of 2022/01  
Vincent Hoong J  
27 September 2022

27 September 2022

Vincent Hoong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This appeal concerns the scope of the court’s discretion to impose a
disqualification order under s 43B(1) of the Animals and Birds Act (Cap 7,
2002 Rev Ed) (“ABA”). In particular, whether, as the appellant contends, a
court ought to only impose a disqualification order “in the most serious cases
of animal abuse” and where an offender intentionally inflicts harm on an
animal.

2 The appellant, Sabrina Sim Xin Huey, pleaded guilty to one charge under s
41C(1)(a)(iii), read with s 41C(2), and punishable under s 41C(3)(a)(i) of the
ABA (“the Charge”). A second charge, also preferred under the same provisions,
was taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. Broadly, the
charges pertained to the appellant’s failure to take reasonable steps to
ensure that two dogs under her care were not confined in a manner that
subjected them to unnecessary pain and suffering.

3 The District Judge (“DJ”) imposed a fine of $8,000 on the appellant and
disqualified her from being a person in charge of any animal or class of
animals in the course of any employment with any animal-related business for
six months (“the DQ Order”). The appellant appeals against the DQ Order. She
contends that the DJ erred in principle in imposing the DQ Order or,
alternatively, that the DQ Order was manifestly excessive. The DQ Order was
stayed pending the hearing of this appeal.

Background facts

4 The appellant was a dog trainer. Sometime in January 2020, the complainant
engaged the appellant to train her two dogs (“the Dogs”). The Dogs resided
with the appellant during this engagement. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Facts dated 5 May 2022 (“SOF”) at paras 1–3 (Record of
Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 5).

5 On 25 August 2020, the appellant drove the Dogs from her residence to
Veragoo Close to conduct a training session. This concluded at approximately
1.45pm. Thereafter, the appellant placed the Dogs in the boot of her car and
drove home. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF at para 4(a) and (b) (ROP at pp 5–6).

6 The appellant arrived home at approximately 2.30pm. She parked her vehicle
in an unsheltered spot in an open-air carpark. Distracted by a social media
post, the appellant exited her vehicle without the Dogs in tow. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF at para 4(c) and (d) (ROP at p 6).

7 She realised that she had left the Dogs in the boot of her car approximately
one and a half hours later. By the time she attended to the Dogs, they were
unresponsive, which prompted the appellant to bring the Dogs to a veterinary
clinic in the vicinity. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at para 4(d) and (f) (ROP at p 6).

8 The Dogs were, however, dead by the time they arrived at the clinic. A post-
mortem conducted on one of the Dogs three hours later established that the
“cause of death was heat stress”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at paras 4(f)–(h), Annex C (ROP at pp 6, 10–11).

The DJ’s decision

9 The detailed grounds of the DJ’s decision can be found at Public Prosecutor
v Sabrina Sim Xin Huey [2022] SGDC 151. In summary, the DJ considered that s
43B of the ABA, which grants the court the discretion to impose
disqualification on offenders in certain circumstances, was enacted to further
the ends of deterrence. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Grounds of Decision (“GD”) at [15] (ROP at p 70).

10 The present case called for a disqualification order. First, although the
appellant’s offence was one marked by negligence, her conduct led to a grave
outcome, namely, the deaths of the Dogs. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

GD at [16]–[18] (ROP at pp 70–72).

Second, a disqualification order would impress upon the appellant that she
owed a duty of care to persons who entrusted their dogs to her care and that
the present incident could have been avoided if she had implemented checks. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

GD at [19] (ROP at p 72).

Third, a disqualification order would send a signal to other persons involved
in animal-related businesses to provide proper care for the animals under
their charge. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

GD at [20] (ROP at pp 72–73).

11 The DJ pegged the appropriate length of disqualification at six months.
This balanced the fact that the appellant’s negligence resulted in the death
of the Dogs with the fact that she had not intended the harm which
materialised. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [23] (ROP at p 74).

The parties’ submissions

The appellant’s submissions

12 The appellant accepts that a court has a discretion to impose a
disqualification order under s 43B(1) of the ABA. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions dated 16 September 2022 (“AS”) at para 19.

That said, she contends that Parliament only intended for disqualification
orders “to be meted out in the most serious cases of animal abuse” and where
an offender deliberately inflicts harm on an animal. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AS at paras 23–24, 36.

13 Alternatively, if a court has a discretion to impose disqualification
orders in cases other than “the most serious cases of animal abuse”, the
present case did not call for one. The offence was rooted in the appellant’s
negligence. Deterrence, however, has a reduced role to play in cases involving
a lack of premeditation. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AS at paras 30–35, 37–63.

Further, a disqualification order is not necessary to serve a protective
function. The present offences were a blemish in the appellant’s otherwise
clean record as a dog trainer and more than two years had elapsed since the
incident. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AS at paras 68–71.

To this it may be added that imposing the DQ Order in conjunction with the
fine was unduly harsh. The appellant has compensated the owner of the Dogs and
suffered a tarnished reputation. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AS at paras 73–75.

14 In the further alternative, the DQ Order is manifestly excessive because
the appellant had not acted intentionally. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AS at paras 76–82.

It should also be backdated to treat the disqualification period as spent on
the basis that the appellant is fully rehabilitated, had officially stopped
her business after the incident and had her reputation damaged by the media
coverage of the incident. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AS at para 83.

The Prosecution’s submissions

15 On the other hand, the Prosecution submits that there is nothing in s 43B
of the ABA or the statute which limits the imposition of a disqualification
order only to cases involving “the most serious cases of animal abuse”. The
parliamentary debates on the Animals and Birds (Amendment) Bill (Bill No
40/2014) (“the Bill”) – through which Parliament introduced s 43B of the ABA –
merely illustrated that the amendments to the ABA sought to make the law more
responsive and preventive in addressing the welfare of animals as well as
instil responsible behaviour in all stakeholders who play a part in an
animal’s life cycle. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Prosecution’s Submissions dated 16 September 2022 (“PS”) at paras 37–39.

16 Rather, s 43B of the ABA was introduced to allow the court to impose
disqualification orders as a social deterrent to offenders. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PS at paras 21–23.

In this connection, specific and general deterrence are both germane on the
facts of the present case. In so far as the death of the Dogs was a direct
result of the appellant’s actions, the DQ Order would impress upon her the
duty of care she owes to her clients as a professional dog trainer. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PS at paras 24–29.

The DQ Order also serves to remind other similarly situated persons not to be
lackadaisical in dealing with animals under their care. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PS at paras 33–36.

17 Relatedly, the length of the DQ Order was appropriate. Little weight should
be accorded to the impact of the disqualification on the appellant’s
livelihood or the negative publicity she received. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PS at paras 40–47.

My decision

18 I deal first with the appellant’s contention that a court ought only to
impose disqualification orders under s 43B(1) of the ABA “in the most serious
cases of animal abuse” and where an offender intentionally inflicts harm on an
animal. I do not accept that the court’s discretion under s 43B(1) of the ABA
is so restricted.

19 For ease of reference, I set out s 43B(1) of the ABA:

Disqualification orders

43B.––(1) Where a person is convicted of an offence under section 41C(2),
42(1) or 43(3), the court before which the person is convicted of that offence
may, in addition to the punishment provided for that offence ––

(a) in the case where the person commits the offence in the course of carrying
on, or employment or purported employment with, an animal-related business,
disqualify the person from ––

(i) carrying on any animal-related business or class of animal-related
businesses; or

(ii) being a person in charge of any animal or class of animals in the course
of any employment with any animal-related business; or

(b) in any other case, disqualify the person from owning any animal or class
of animals,

for a period not exceeding 12 months starting on such date as the court may
specify.

20 To begin, the plain wording of s 43B(1) of the ABA does not support the
appellant’s interpretation of the provision. The first step of statutory
interpretation is to ascertain the possible interpretations of the statutory
provision, having regard to both the provision in question as well as the
context of the text within the written law as a whole (Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [37]).

21 Nowhere in s 43B(1) of the ABA is there any suggestion that a
disqualification order can only be imposed “in the most serious cases of
animal abuse” and where an offender deliberately inflicts harm on an animal.
On the contrary, the court is empowered to impose a disqualification order if
a person is convicted of an offence under ss 41C(2), 42(1) or 43(3) of the
ABA, which offences are not limited to intentional acts. To illustrate, a
person may commit an offence under s 41C(1)(c) read with s 41C(2) of the ABA
if he fails to make reasonable efforts to recover a missing animal. Similarly,
s 42(2) of the ABA makes it clear that an owner shall be deemed to have
permitted cruelty to an animal under s 42(1) of the ABA where “he has failed
to exercise reasonable care and supervision in respect of the animal”. The
appellant’s proposed interpretation of s 43B(1) of the ABA reads a limitation
into the provision that is clearly not provided for. Hence, I find that it is
not a tenable interpretation of the provision and falls at the first stage of
the Tan Cheng Bock framework.

22 Whilst the appellant contends that the parliamentary debates on the Bill
support her interpretation of the ambit of s 43B(1) of the ABA, I find to the
contrary. The appellant points to an extract of the debate on the Bill in
which then Member of Parliament for Ang Mo Kio Group Representation
Constituency, Mr Yeo Guat Kwang (“Mr Yeo”), observed that “[t]he Bill also
proposes to empower the [c]ourt to disallow offenders, where warranted, from
owning or being in charge of any animal while working or being employed in any
animal-related business, or from engaging in or carrying on an animal-related
business, for a set period of up to a one year” and “such a penalty need only
be meted out in specific cases in line with the intent and severity of the
abuse, and would be able to serve as a social deterrent to offenders” (see
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (4 November 2014) vol 92). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AS at para 23.

23 I am mindful that the court should guard against the danger of finding
itself construing and interpreting statements made in Parliament rather than
the legislative provision that Parliament has enacted (Tan Cheng Bock at
[52(b)]). The parliamentary debates cannot overcome the fact that s 43B(1) of
the ABA makes no mention that disqualification orders ought to be limited to
the most serious cases and where an offender intentionally inflicted harm on
an animal. The law enacted by Parliament is the text which Parliament has
chosen in order to embody and to give effect to its purposes and objects.
Furthermore, the above extract does not support the appellant’s position. It
merely shows that a court should have due regard to the intent and severity of
abuse in deciding whether to impose a disqualification order.

24 Next, I do not accept that the DQ Order is unwarranted because the present
offence was rooted in the appellant’s negligence. The appellant submits that
deterrence has “limited or no efficacy in cases involving inadvertence” 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AS at para 58.

on the back of the High Court’s observations that specific deterrence “would
often be a less compelling, if not altogether irrelevant, consideration” in
situations “involving factors outside the control of the accused, or where the
accused acts on the basis of some irrational and uncontrollable impulse”
(Public Prosecutor v Loqmanul Hakim bin Buang [2007] 4 SLR(R) 753 at [26]).

25 However, with respect, this argument is premised on a misunderstanding of
negligence. While negligence does not require an offender to have knowledge or
awareness of the risk of the consequence in question ensuing but merely that
as a matter of objective assessment, there are grounds that could have led a
reasonable person in the position of the actor to foresee the consequence in
question flowing from the action (Muhammad Khalis bin Ramlee v Public
Prosecutor [2018] 5 SLR 449 at [34]), this does not mean that a negligent
offender is incapable of controlling or comprehending his acts or omissions.
Further, even if an offender did not appreciate the risk of his acts or
omissions at the time of the offence, specific deterrence is forward-looking.
It seeks to instil in a particular offender the fear of re-offending through
the potential threat of re-experiencing the same sanction previously imposed
(Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [21]).

26 Additionally, a disqualification order does not merely serve the ends of
specific deterrence. In Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v Public Prosecutor [2013] 4 SLR
1139 (“Edwin Nathen”), the High Court noted that a disqualification order
combines three sentencing objectives: punishment, protection of the public and
deterrence (at [13]). I am cognisant that Edwin Nathen concerned a
disqualification order imposed under s 67(2) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276,
2004 Rev Ed) for an offence of driving while under the influence of drink.
That said, I find that the court’s explanation of the purposes of a
disqualification order applies with equal force to disqualification orders
imposed under s 43B(1) of the ABA, with the caveat that, in the context of the
ABA, the protective principle guards the interests of animals and, where
applicable, their owners. This can be gleaned from the offences for which a
court may impose a disqualification order under s 43B(1) of the ABA, namely,
where an animal owner broadly breaches the duty of care he owes to an animal
under ss 41C(1)(a)–(c), has acted cruelly or permitted cruelty to an animal
under s 42(1) or employs or engages an unqualified individual to perform
prescribed activities and services under s 43(1). It is also supported by Mr
Yeo’s observations on the function of a disqualification order under s 43B(1)
of the ABA during the parliamentary debates on the Bill (see [22] above).

27 In other words, the DQ Order also seeks to punish the appellant for her
negligence, protect other animals and their owners by disqualifying her from
being a person in charge of any animal in the course of her employment with
any animal-related business for a period of time and sound a stern warning to
other persons that such negligent conduct will attract a significant period of
disqualification. That the appellant acted negligently in committing the
present offence does not blunt the ability of the DQ Order to serve these
purposes.

28 Finally, I do not accept that the duration of the DQ Order was manifestly
excessive. The period of disqualification should increase in tandem with the
severity of the offence, whether or not it is also accompanied by a
substantial fine. This is given that a fine and a disqualification order are
concerned with different objectives (Kwan Weiguang v Public Prosecutor [2022]
SGHC 121 at [73]) and should not generally be regarded as mutually
compensatory (Edwin Nathan at [14]). In my view, the length of the DQ Order
gave adequate weight to the fact that the appellant’s negligence led to the
death of two dogs. The impact of the DQ Order on the appellant’s personal
circumstances is insufficiently exceptional to be accorded mitigating weight
(see CCG v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGCA 19 at [6]) and the negative publicity
the appellant received is not a relevant sentencing consideration.

29 I also do not accept that the DQ Order should be backdated “to treat the
disqualification period as ‘spent’”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AS at para 83.

This would render the DQ Order wholly nugatory and undermine the objectives of
a disqualification order which I set out at [26] above, particularly as the
appellant continued taking on customers and providing dog training services
after the material incident. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AS at para 69.

Conclusion

30 For these reasons, I dismiss the appeal against the DQ Order.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Clement Julien Tan Tze Ming and Tan Yan Ming Colin (Selvam LLC) for the
appellant;

Isaac Tan and Ruth Teng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Sep 2022 (11:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

