Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCF 25

Divorce (Transferred) No 3657 of 2019

Between

WGG

… Plaintiff

And

WGH

… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Family Law — Custody]

[Family Law — Matrimonial Assets — Division]

[Family Law — Maintenance — Wife]

[Family Law — Maintenance — Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WGG

  
v

  

WGH

[2022] SGHCF 25

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred)
No 3657 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
22 July, 30 August 2022

13 September 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff wife (“the Wife”) and the defendant husband (“the Husband”)
were married on 3 August 1998. Their marriage lasted 21 years. The Wife filed
for divorce in FC/D 1818/2018 (“D 1818/2018”) on 20 April 2018 after
discovering evidence of the Husband’s extra-marital affairs. She then
discontinued the proceedings and filed a fresh suit on an uncontested basis on
30 July 2019. The parties have been separated since December 2018, when the
Husband left the matrimonial home. Interim judgment (“IJ”) was granted on 31
October 2019. The Wife is 54 years old and the Husband is 56 years old. The
Wife has professional qualifications and was an Accounts Executive but has
been unemployed since March 2022. The Husband is currently unemployed and has
a polytechnic diploma. The parties have one child to the marriage, a son who
is 20 years old this year. The issues before me are:

(1) the custody of the child;

(2) the division of matrimonial assets;

(3) the Wife’s maintenance and

(4) the child’s maintenance.

2 The Wife is seeking sole custody of the child, whereas the Husband is
seeking joint custody. The Wife says that she has been the primary caregiver
and decision-maker for the child since his birth. As the Wife currently
continues to reside in the matrimonial home with the child, giving her sole
custody of the child would ensure continuity and stability for him. Further,
she says that the Husband has been an absent parent throughout the child’s
life. As per the Joint Summary, the Husband says that the parties should have
joint custody of the child.

3 While generally, joint or no custody orders should be made, and sole custody
orders are an exception to the rule (CX v CY [2005] 3 SLR(R) 690 at [24]), I
note that in the present case, the child is entering national service this
year and will turn 21 next year. Having interviewed the child, I find that the
child is estranged from his father. The Husband has made little contact with
the child and has not met with the child since he left the matrimonial home.
Though the child is open to reconciling with his father, that is clearly not
an important priority at the moment. Given these circumstances, I will allow
the Wife to have sole custody of the child. By parties’ consent, I also order
that the Husband shall have reasonable access to the child. Since the child
still has the Husband’s mobile phone number and vice versa, they can make
access arrangements themselves.

4 In respect of matrimonial assets, so long as a property falls within the
definition of a “matrimonial asset” under s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”), it should be included in the pool
of matrimonial assets, regardless of whether it is jointly or separately
owned.

5 The parties dispute the operative date for the identification and valuation
of the matrimonial assets. The operative date for determining the pool of
matrimonial assets is the date of IJ and the operative date for determining
the valuation of matrimonial assets should be the date of the ancillary
matters hearing. However, as the Husband had started dissipating assets around
the time that the divorce was first filed, the Wife says that the court should
depart from the default position in respect of the Husband’s bank account
monies and former companies. The Wife says that the operative date to
determine both the pool and the valuation of the matrimonial assets should be
20 April 2018, the date that divorce proceedings were first commenced in D
1818/2018.

6 The Court of Appeal in ARY v ARX and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 686 held
that while the court retains the discretion to select the appropriate
operative date to determine the pool of matrimonial assets, by default, the
operative date to determine the pool of matrimonial assets should be the date
of IJ unless the particular circumstances or justice of the case warrant it
(at [31]). In TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609
(“TNL v TNK”) at [24], the Court of Appeal considered that another way to
ascertain the material gains of the marriage is to add the values of certain
assets back into the pool on the basis that a party has expended substantial
sums when divorce proceedings were imminent. In my view, although the Wife
eventually withdrew D 1818/2018, it was clear to the parties that divorce
proceedings were imminent the moment that D 1818/2018 was filed on 20 April
2018, and the Husband should not be allowed to make substantial withdrawals or
dissipate assets after this date, whether deliberately or otherwise.

7 The main dispute concerns the Husband’s 96% shareholding in his business,
[AA] Pte Ltd (“[AA]”). The Husband has divested his 96% shareholding in [AA]
on 15 April 2018 to his elderly parents and friend, and accordingly says that
this asset should be excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets to be
divided between the parties. The Husband says that his business started to
decline since 2018 and is now essentially defunct. He also relies on a more
updated valuation report which has assessed the business to be worth only
around $80,246. The Husband explains that funds amounting to $490,419 for the
purchase of a private property in [O] (the “[O] Property”) that he holds on
trust for the child mainly came from [AA], but the Wife disputes this.

8 The Wife says that the Husband had divested his shareholding after he became
aware that the Wife was commencing divorce proceedings against him, and that
this is an attempt to exclude the companies from the pool of matrimonial
assets for division between the parties and that the Husband remains the true
director of the company as he continued to sign cheques on the company’s
behalf even after August 2018. The Wife has also filed supplementary written
submissions showing that [AA] has carried on business and continues to earn
good income. She says that it continues to serve prominent customers including
SIA Engineering, and that there is no reason that [AA] would take on prominent
customers if it was genuinely winding up its business. The Wife says that the
valuation of the company should be taken as of 20 April 2018, which is around
$4,004,147.

9 The Husband admitted that he had divested his interest in [AA] upon “sensing
that divorce proceedings were imminent”. This shows that the divesting of [AA]
was the Husband’s deliberate attempt to exclude [AA] from the pool for
division. This squarely falls within the situation that the Court of Appeal in
TNL v TNK envisioned. I am of the view that the Husband was attempting a
‘scorched-earth’ campaign leaving little or nothing in the matrimonial pool
for the Wife to salvage. I thus include the Husband’s 96% shareholding in [AA]
in the pool for division.

10 As for the valuation of [AA], both parties are relying on valuations
provided by the joint valuers, Axel, Langdon & Sawyer Pte Ltd (“ALS”). ALS
provided an initial valuation premised on [AA]’s financial statements in the
years 2013 to 2018, of which the valuation of 96% of the shareholding would be
around $3,046,577.28 (“ALS’ First Valuation”). ALS later provided an updated
valuation dated 7 July 2021, valuing [AA] at $80,246 (“ALS’ Second Valuation).
The latter report considers the Husband’s act of divesting his shareholding in
[AA], which had consequential outcomes on the management of the company and
does not consider any contracts that go beyond the valuation date. As
mentioned above, the Husband had clearly divested his shareholding to keep the
company’s assets out of reach of the Wife. However, contrary to the Husband’s
claims that [AA] is “essentially defunct”, the Wife has shown that [AA]
continues to carry out regular business in 2021 and 2022, and that the company
continues to receive a steady income. In my view, if the company’s shares are
transferred back to him, and it continues on the trajectory of securing
contracts with the big customers, I think that the company will, no doubt, be
worth a substantial figure. The Husband was clearly a successful businessman
and has a reasonably high earning capacity. I therefore think that ALS’ Second
Valuation is too low. Nevertheless, I accept that the Covid-19 pandemic would
have affected the business. I will thus take the lower range of ALS’ First
Valuation as at the date of IJ, which is $2,775,844. The Husband’s 96%
shareholding will thus amount to $2,664,810.20.

11 The parties also disagree as to whether the Husband’s 50% shareholding in
[SS] Pte Ltd (“[SS]”), amounting to $20,929.25 as of 20 April 2018, is part of
the matrimonial assets. The Wife says that the Husband had transferred all his
shareholdings in [SS] to his friend on 13 May 2018, shortly after D 1818/2018
was filed. The Husband says that the Wife has no basis to insist that this
company be included in the pool of matrimonial assets.

12 I agree with the Wife that the timing of the Husband’s transfer of his 50%
shareholding in [SS] was a dubious act — part of his ‘scorched-earth’
campaign. Given that this was done at the doorstep of divorce proceedings, I
will order that the Husband’s shareholding in [SS] should be included in the
pool for division. As for the valuation in [SS], I will adopt the lower range
as at the date of IJ, as per ALS’ valuation report, in line with my
determination of the valuation of [AA] above.

13 The parties disagree as to whether the Husband’s Citibank and POSB bank
accounts should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets. As to these two
bank accounts, the Husband says that he has used the monies therein for the
[O] Property and has produced bank cheques to show that a total of $490,419
has been paid by the [O] Property.

(a) Firstly, the parties dispute whether the sum of $509,734.85 from the
Husband’s Citi MaxiGain Account Ending 9638 (the “Citibank Account”) should be
included in the pool of matrimonial assets. The Wife says that the Husband
withdrew all the monies therein and closed the account on 30 April 2018, just
two days after D 1818/2018 was served on him, and that this timing is suspect.
She also says that he was evasive with regard to the disclosure of the
Citibank Account and only accounted for this after her second interrogatories
application.

(b) Second, the parties disagree as to the amount in the Husband’s POSB
Account No. ending 4800 (the “POSB Account”) to be included in the pool of
matrimonial assets. The Wife says that the correct figure should be taken as
of 20 April 2018, which is $8,485.34. She also says that a further sum of
$61,663.98, which the Husband had withdrew, should be included in the pool.

14 In respect of the Husband’s Citibank Account, I accept that the Husband had
withdrawn all the monies and closed the account at a suspect timing. I am thus
of the view that the value of the Citibank Account should be put into the pool
of matrimonial.

15 Having perused the documentary evidence relating to the Husband’s POSB
Account, I find that as of 31 October 2019, which is the date of IJ, the
Husband had $6,617.28 in his POSB Account. I will include this sum in the pool
of matrimonial assets. As for the substantial withdrawals that the Husband
made from his POSB account, I will remind the parties that where one spouse
expends substantial sums of money after divorce proceedings became imminent,
the other spouse cannot be expected to share in it, though what constitutes a
substantial sum is not intended to include daily, run-of-the-mill expenses:
TNL v TNK at [24]. I will thus add $31,706.55 into the matrimonial pool, as
these were sums that were withdrawn after 30 July 2019, which is the date that
the present divorce suit was commenced. This does not include the sums that
the Husband claims were used to make payment of bills and for his rental after
he moved out of the matrimonial home, which I accept are part of his personal
expenditures. Since the Husband has receipts amounting to $490,419 to show
that he had used funds from [AA] for the payment of the [O] Property, which
the Wife accepts is held in trust for the child, I will also deduct this
amount accordingly.

16 The parties further disagree as to the value of the Great Eastern Maxgrowth
Enhanced Policy No Ending 9050 (“GE Maxgrowth Policy”). The Husband says that
the policy was sold or assigned for $34,551. The Wife says that the Husband
had attempted to dissipate the GE Maxgrowth Policy as he had assigned it away
on 30 September 2021, exactly a day after her third request for discovery was
served on him. The Husband’s act of assigning away the GE Maxgrowth Policy
well after the date of interim judgment is an act of wrongful dissipation. In
my view, the full value of the policy should be included in the matrimonial
pool.

17 The Wife also says that the Husband’s two motor vehicles, the Toyota
Harrier and the Mercedes Benz, should be included in the pool of matrimonial
assets for division between the parties. The Husband has included the cars in
his Joint Summary, they are therefore included as matrimonial assets.

18 The parties disagree as to how much the Wife had paid towards the purchase
of her condominium unit at [C] (“[C] Property”). The Wife says that this was
an investment made between her and her cousin and that the Husband did not
contribute to this purchase at all. She had personally paid a sum of
$275,702.00 as at 2019 towards the [C] Property and only this sum forms part
of the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided. The Husband says that the net
value of the property (less the mortgage) should be included in the pool for
division. Given that this is a shared investment between the Wife and her
cousin, I agree with the Wife that only her contribution should form part of
the matrimonial pool.

19 The parties also disagree as to whether loans taken out by the Wife from
her insurance policies should be included in the matrimonial pool. The Husband
does not agree to share in this liability. I note that these loans were taken
out after the date of interim judgment and that in her Affidavit of Assets and
Means, the Wife has listed these loans as “Loans(s) for divorce proceedings”.
I agree with the Husband that these should not be included in the pool for
division.

20 The Wife asks that I draw an adverse inference against the Husband for his
lack of full and frank disclosure of his bank account monies. She says that he
has two OCBC bank accounts which had a total of at least $508,026.30, and
other undisclosed bank accounts from which he made payments of $536,781 for
the [O] Property. She says that to give effect to this adverse inference, the
court should add these sums back in the matrimonial pool. For a court to draw
an adverse inference, there must be some evidence that establishes a prima
facie case against the person whom the inference is to be drawn. It must also
be shown that the person against whom the inference is to be drawn has some
particular access to the information he is said to be hiding: Chan Tin Sun v
Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR 195 at [62]. I accept the Wife’s documentary
evidence of the OCBC account, and I am thus drawing an adverse inference
against the Husband for failing to disclose that account. Accordingly, the sum
of $508,026.30 should be added into the pool for division. As for the sums
paid towards the [O] Property, I think that the Husband was not dissipating
these sums in a suspicious manner but was making legitimate payments towards
the [O] Property in the child’s name. I therefore will not add the sum of
$536,781 into the pool.

21 In view of my findings above, the total value of the matrimonial asset pool
is as follows:

S/N| Manner of Holding| Asset| Net Value / in SGD  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | Joint Assets| Matrimonial Home| 665,000.00  
2\. | Husband’s Name| Toyota Harrier 2.0A Elegance | 30,609.00  
3\. | Mercedes Benz C180 AvantGarde| 20,500.00  
4\. | POSB Account No Ending 4800 | 38,323.83  
5\. | CPF Accounts| 295,577.32  
6\. | Shares and investments| 5,455.40  
7\. | 96% shareholding in [AA]| 2,664,810.20  
8\. | 50% shareholding in [SS] | 18,665.00  
9\. | Great Eastern Maxgrowth Enhanced Policy No. Ending 9050| 60,291.50  
10\. | Great Eastern Flexilife 20 (Series 3) Policy No. Ending 0229| 6,340.94  
11\. | Great Eastern Preferred Living Assurance with Special CRB Policy Ending 5041| 24,962.39  
12\. | Great Eastern Supreme Living Assurance with RB Policy No. Ending 7665| 21,732.01  
13\. | Great Eastern Whole Life with ERB Policy Ending 3744| 34,414.10  
14\. | Citibank Bank Account| 509,734.85  
15\. | OCBC Bank Account | 508,026.30  
16\. | Withdrawals from POSB Account for [O] Property| \- 490,419  
Sub-total for assets under Husband’s name| 3,749,023.84  
1\. | Wife’s Name| Standard Chartered Bank Bonus$aver Account No. Ending 3106| 2,520.52  
2\. | OCBC Bank Statement Savings Account No. Ending 6001| 1,785.22  
3\. | OCBC Bank Savings Accounts No. Ending 8937| 1,221.36  
4\. | POSB eSavings Account No. Ending 6532| 2,180.34  
5\. | Maybank Islamic Berhad (Malaysia) Account No. Ending 1768| 255.36  
6\. | ePOSBkids Account No. Ending 5506| 26.04  
7\. | CPF Monies| 266,175.02  
8\. | CDP Securities Account No. Ending 8765 | 2,440.88  
9\. | Great Eastern Living Assurance Policy with CRB Policy No. Ending 1738| 4,353.03  
10\. | Great Eastern Living Assurance Policy Plus with CRB Policy No. Ending 8628| 3,349.13  
11\. | Great Eastern Whole Life with ERB Policy No. Ending 3036| 3,598.66  
12\. | Monies utilized by Wife towards purchase of [C] Property| 275,702.00  
Subtotal for assets under Wife’s name| 563,607.56  
Total assets| 4,977,631.40  
  
22 This is a dual-income family, and the principles in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR
1043 should apply. I first turn to the issue of the parties’ direct financial
contributions. The parties dispute their direct contributions to the
matrimonial home. The Husband says that he contributed $85,000 and the Wife
did not contribute anything. The Wife says that they had spent $65,000 in
total and that both parties contributed equally. She has also adduced receipts
evidencing payments for various furnishings and other renovation items. The
Husband, on the other hand, has no receipts or documents evidencing that he
contributed $85,000 to the renovations of the matrimonial home. In the light
of the documentary evidence adduced by the Wife, which also shows that she had
contributed to the renovations, I think that the Wife’s estimation of their
contributions is fair.

23 The parties’ direct contributions to the total pool of matrimonial assets
are thus as follows:

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Sub-total of agreed direct contributions| $3,749,023.84| $563,607.56  
Matrimonial home | $405,599.70| $267,095.62  
Total| $4,154,623.54| $830,730.18  
Ratio| 83.33% ≈ 85| 16.67%≈ 15  
  
24 In view of my findings above and adopting a broad-brushed approach, I find
that the parties’ overall direct contributions to be 85:15 in favour of the
Husband.

25 I now address the issue of the parties’ indirect contributions. Although
both parties held full time jobs and had a part-time helper, the Wife says
that she was also the one responsible for the bulk of the household chores.
She also says that she bore a significant portion of the expenses for the
matrimonial home. Most importantly, the Wife says that she was the child’s
primary caregiver since his birth, which the Husband does not deny. When the
child had an accident, she was also the one primarily caring for him and
taking care of his hospitalization and rehabilitation needs. The Husband says
that the indirect contributions should be apportioned equally as the parties
had a domestic helper. The Wife had also not been supportive, and her actions
had caused the demise of his business.

26 In my view, the Wife contributed more to the upbringing and care of the
child. I also find that the Husband kept little contact with the child after
he left the matrimonial home in end 2018. Nonetheless, I acknowledge that the
Husband had contributed to the household expenses. While the parties do not
dispute that they had a part-time domestic helper, I find that the Wife was on
the whole, more involved in the day-to-day management of the household. I am
of the view that the indirect contributions should be apportioned 65:35 in
favour of the Wife.

27 Using a broad-brush approach, averaging the direct contribution ratio and
indirect contribution ratio above results in an average ratio of 60:40 between
the Husband and Wife.

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions| 85| 15  
Indirect contributions| 35| 65  
Average Ratio| 60| 40  
  
28 The parties should work out the consequential orders between themselves. I
make the following orders to reflect the parties’ respective entitlement to
the matrimonial pool:

(a) each party to retain assets under his/her own name;

(b) the Husband’s right, title and interest in the matrimonial home to be
transferred to the Wife within six (6) months from the date of this judgment;
and

(c) the balance sum to be paid by the Husband to the Wife by cash.

29 On the issue of the Wife’s maintenance, the Wife says that the Husband is
earning a true income of at least $14,000 to $16,000. As her take-home monthly
income is insufficient to cover her reasonable personal monthly expenses, she
says that it is reasonable for the Husband to pay her maintenance in the sum
of $2,700 per month, being the shortfall between her take-home income and
reasonably monthly expenses. The Husband says that the Wife’s take-home income
of $4,900 is more than sufficient to maintain herself, and that her
application for interim maintenance was previously dismissed by the Family
Justice Courts.

30 The basis of maintenance for a former wife under s 113 of the Women’s
Charter is for financial preservation and to even out any financial inequities
that arise from having been economically disadvantaged by the role taken in
the marriage. In the present case, the Wife has a high earning capacity.
Although she resigned from her job in March 2022 with the intention of “taking
a break”, she was working throughout the marriage and would be able to
transition easily back into the workforce. In the circumstances, there shall
be no maintenance for her.

31 On the issue of the child’s maintenance, the Wife estimates that the
child’s monthly expenses are $7,323.26. She says that the Husband should be
responsible of 75% of his expenses, which amount to $5,500. The Husband says
that the current maintenance order as per MSS 1239/2021 is that he should pay
$1,200 for the maintenance of the child. He further says that he is not in a
good financial situation and cannot afford to pay the child more.

32 In my view, the estimate set out by the Wife is unreasonable and too high.
Items such as “Monthly tuition fees” are no longer applicable since the child
has graduated from polytechnic and is about to enter national service.
Furthermore, the child is about to begin his national service and will receive
an income. In these circumstances, the maintenance order as per MSS 1239/2021
is adequate.

33 Separately, the Wife also says that the Husband has not yet paid for the
child’s maintenance and for conservancy fees since September 2021. If the
Husband has yet to do so, the Husband is to pay these sums from his share of
the matrimonial assets.

34 Each party is to bear its own costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Charlene Nah Xiang Ling (PKWA Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Kelvin Lee Ming Hui (Wnlex LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 19 Oct 2022 (10:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

