Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2022] SGHCF 5

District Court Appeal No 67 of 2021

Between

VWQ  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VWR  
---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISIONS

[Family Law — Husband and wife — Consent orders — Variation of consent order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VWQ

  
v

  

VWR

[2022] SGHCF 5

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 67 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
13 January 2022

21 January 2022

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Husband applied by Summons 4150 of 2019 to the District Judge (“DJ”) to
vary a Consent Order made on 18 May 2015 (“the Consent Order”). The DJ
dismissed the application but varied certain clauses in the Consent Order. The
Husband has since appealed against the DJ’s decision.

2 The Husband is a Singapore national who is 45 years old this year. He is
working as a safe-entry ambassador. The Wife is a Singapore Permanent Resident
and citizen of the People’s Republic of China. She is 39 years old this year
and is working as a part-time assistant manager at a café. There is one child
to the marriage who was born in 2011 and is a primary school student in
Singapore.

3 The Parties married on 6 October 2009 in Singapore. The Husband commenced
divorce proceedings on 2 October 2014 and interim judgment was obtained on 24
December 2014. Following a mediation, the Parties agreed to the Consent Order
with respect to issues of custody, care and control, maintenance and
matrimonial property.

4 The Consent Order provided for the joint custody of the Child with care and
control to the Wife (“Clause 3(a)”), with reasonable access to the Husband
(“Clause 3(b)”). The Husband is to pay the Wife a sum of $700.00 per month for
the Child’s maintenance (“Clause 3(c)”) and $500.00 per year for Chinese New
Year allowance (“Clause 3(d)”). The Husband was also required to pay $1.00
nominal maintenance to the Wife, with an additional $200.00 per month for
every $500.00 increment in salary (“Clause 3(e)”). The Wife could stay at the
matrimonial flat (“the Flat”) for as long as she desires, and if the Flat is
sold, the Husband will ensure that the Wife and Child have alternate lodging
(“Clause 3(f)”). Upon the Child reaching 21 years of age, the Husband shall be
required to transfer his share of the Flat to the Child, but if the Flat is
sold before that and another property is purchased, the Husband would instead
be required to transfer his share in that property to the Child (“Clause
3(g)”).

5 In Summons 4150, the Husband sought to vary Clauses 3(a), 3(b) and 3(c) of
the Consent Order to reverse care and control of the Child from the Wife to
himself and for the Wife to pay him $700.00 per month for child maintenance.
The DJ dismissed the Husband’s application but varied Clause 3(b) to grant the
Husband liberal access to the Child during weekdays and weekly weekend
overnight access to the Child.

6 The Husband also wants to rescind or delete Clauses 3(d) and 3(e) of the
Consent Order relating to the Wife’s maintenance and Chinese New Year (CNY)
allowance on the ground that he had been unemployed because of his health
conditions, but counsel says that he is now a Safe Distancing Ambassador. The
DJ rejected the Husband’s application, but in relation to the maintenance for
the Wife, the DJ varied Clause 3(e) on the ground of impracticability. The
variation allows the Husband to pay the Wife $200.00 a month for maintenance
if he is employed and earns at least $3,500.00 a month.

7 The Husband also sought to rescind Clauses 3(f) and Clause 3(g) relating to
the living arrangements in the Flat and the transfer of his shares in the Flat
to the Child. The Husband says that the matrimonial flat is jointly owned by
his mother and him and that the said clauses affect third party rights. The DJ
rejected the Husband’s argument, distinguishing the case from UDA v UDB and
another [2018] 1 SLR 1015 (“UDA v UDB”) and finding that the clauses only
pertained to the Husband’s shares in the property. With the consent of the
parties, the DJ deleted the first sentence of Clause 3(f) which allowed the
Wife to stay in the Flat for as long as she desired since the Wife had already
moved out of the matrimonial flat.

8 The Husband appealed against the DJ’s decision. The Husband has raised three
main points on appeal:

(a) Firstly, the Husband argues that the DJ erred in refusing to reverse care
and control of the Child from the Wife to him. The Husband contends that there
has been a material change in circumstances because the Wife has moved out of
the flat with the Child, disrupting the Child’s living arrangements. The
Husband further contends that there is a lack of evidence on the Child’s
present caregiving arrangements, and it is in the welfare of the Child for
care and control to be given to him.

(b) Secondly, the Husband says that the DJ erred in refusing to vary Clauses
3(c) and 3(d) concerning the maintenance of the Child and the Wife. The
Husband contends that there has been a material change in circumstances
because he stopped working as a sales manager at a Chinese restaurant in 2019
because of his diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol. The Husband
further contends that in November 2019, he was diagnosed with a growth in his
large intestine and would require lifelong medication which impedes his
prospect of securing a job.

(c) Thirdly, the Husband says that the DJ erred in allowing Clause 3(g) to
stand. The Husband contends that Clause 3(g) should be rescinded on the ground
of impracticality because, as a joint tenant of the flat he does not own any
“divisible share” in the Flat and therefore cannot transfer “his shares” of
the Flat to the Child.

9 Although the court has broad powers under ss 73, 119 and 129 of the Women’s
Charter 1961 (2020 Rev Ed) to vary agreements on issues of custody and
maintenance, such powers should be exercised sparingly and only in exceptional
circumstances (AYM v AYL [2013] 1 SLR 924). Generally, a consent order is a
contract negotiated and agreed upon by parties, and the courts would be slow
to re-write their contract. Privately settled terms negotiated by the parties,
especially in family matters are to be encouraged. As such, they should be
respected, and not lightly changed. Otherwise, one party may lead the other to
believe that obtaining a consent order would end their dispute, only to call
in aid the provisions in the Women’s Charter to vary their agreement (TOC v
TOD [2016] SGHCF 10) when they feel that the bargain was not to their liking
subsequently.

10 I now turn to the merits of the issue of care and control in this appeal.
The mere fact that the Wife had moved out of the Flat with the Child is not a
material change in circumstances that justifies the reversal of care and
control. The Specific Issues Report (“SIR”) directed by the DJ shows that the
Child’s new accommodation was secure, clean, and adequately appointed and that
the Child was observed to be emotionally stable and well-adjusted. The Wife
has been the main caregiver of the Child from infancy. Thus, letting her
continue to be the main caregiver will provide the child with the same
stability in this living arrangement. Furthermore, the DJ has already varied
Clause 3(b) of the Consent Order to give the Husband liberal and weekend
overnight access. Therefore, I am of the view that there is no compelling
reason to reverse care and control in favour of the Husband.

11 Since the Husband’s prayer for the reversal of care and control is not
granted, the Husband’s prayer that the Wife pay him $700.00 per month for
child maintenance would necessarily fail. The Husband has not provided any
other justifiable reason for the reversal of the $700 maintenance payment.

12 Turning to the issue of wife maintenance, I take the view that the
Husband’s loss of employment did not amount to a material change in
circumstances in the present case. I accept that the Husband’s medical
conditions may have caused him inconvenience in finding jobs in the food and
beverage industry, his conditions are not so severe as to render him incapable
of working. As I mentioned, the Husband had since found a job as a safe-entry
ambassador.

13 Lastly, in relation to the Husband’s prayer to rescind Clause 3(g) on the
ground of impracticality, the mere fact that the Flat is jointly owned by the
Husband and his mother does not prevent the Consent Order from being carried
out. It is true that in a joint tenancy, each co-owner is entitled to the
whole interest of the property jointly and nothing severally, it does not
follow that the individual co-owners are prohibited from disposing of their
share of the property. Furthermore, Clause 3(g) does not affect the rights of
the Husband’s mother as a joint owner of the property. The learned DJ is
correct in finding that the present case can be distinguished from UDA v UDB.
In that case, the wife’s mother applied for leave to intervene in the divorce
proceeding as she disagreed with the husband’s claim that an immovable
property she owned was held on trust by her for the couple. In that context,
Justice Debbie Ong ordered a stay of the hearing to determine the ownership of
the disputed property in a civil action. In the present case, Clause 3(g) only
pertains to the Husband’s interest in the Flat and does not affect the
Husband’s mother’s interest. Therefore, I reject the Husband’s argument that
Clause 3(g) should be rescinded because it is unworkable.

14 Accordingly, I dismiss the Husband’s appeal against the DJ’s order
regarding the variation of the Consent Order. I make no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Navinder Singh and Farah Zainudin (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the husband;  
Alice Tan-Goh and Susan Tan (A C Fergusson Law Corporation) for the wife.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Jan 2022 (08:55 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

