Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 40

Civil Appeal No 59 of 2022

Between

Ee Hoong Liang  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

1\. | Panircelvan s/o Kaliannan   
---|---  
2\. | Teo Khim Ho   
3\. | Koh Hwee Ben Erin   
4\. | Ng Yim Har  
5\. | Chang Mun Kum Christina  
6\. | Tan Hock Seng   
7\. | Roger Teo Kok Wei   
8\. | Tong Lay Yeen Giovanna   
9\. | Koh Thong Juay   
10\. | Tong Siew Geok   
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 858 of 2021

Between

1\. | Panircelvan s/o Kaliannan   
---|---  
2\. | Teo Khim Ho   
3\. | Koh Hwee Ben Erin   
4\. | Ng Yim Har  
5\. | Chang Mun Kum Christina  
6\. | Tan Hock Seng   
7\. | Roger Teo Kok Wei   
8\. | Tong Lay Yeen Giovanna   
9\. | Koh Thong Juay   
10\. | Tong Siew Geok   
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Ee Hoong Liang

… Defendant

ex tempore judgment

[Civil Procedure –– Foreign judgments]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ee Hoong Liang

  
v

  

Panircelvan s/o Kaliannan and others

[2022] SGHC(A) 40

General Division of the High Court (Appellate Division) — Civil Appeal No 59
of 2022  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JCA and Kannan Ramesh JAD  
30 November 2022

30 November 2022

Kannan Ramesh JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 AD/CA 59/2022 concerns a judgment (“the US Judgment”) obtained against the
Appellant in proceedings in the US (“the US proceedings”) brought by the
Respondents. The Respondents commenced the US proceedings in the North Dakota
District Court (the “US District Court”) to recover losses arising from their
investments with North Dakota Developments LLC (“NDD”), a company incorporated
in North Dakota. The Appellant allegedly acted as an agent for the sale and
marketing of the investments by NDD. The Respondents filed a Motion for
Summary Judgment (the “Summary Judgment Motion”) in the US proceedings. The US
District Court allowed the Summary Judgment Motion and granted the US
Judgment, ordering the Appellant to pay a sum of US$852,638.81 and interest to
the Respondents.

2 Thereafter, the Respondents commenced a common law action in the General
Division of the High Court to enforce the US Judgment and pursuant thereto,
filed an application for summary judgment. The Assistant Registrar allowed the
application in respect of the outstanding sum under the US Judgment. The
Appellant’s appeal before the Judge below was dismissed. The Judge issued his
Grounds of Decision in Panircelvan s/o Kaliannan and others v Ee Hoong Liang
[2022] SGHC 190 (“the GD”). The appeal before us seeks to set aside the
summary judgment on two substantive grounds. Both relate to whether the US
Judgment should be recognised and enforced here. The grounds are:

(a) Fraud: the Appellant contends that the US Judgment was tainted by fraud as
a result of non-disclosure by the Respondents in the US proceedings of
settlement payouts they received (“the Settlement Payouts”) pursuant to a
class action suit (“the Class Action Suit”) commenced, inter alios, by the
Appellant and Respondents in the US against NDD’s attorneys, Pearce & Durick.

(b) Breach of natural justice: the Appellant contends that the US Court of
Appeal for the Eighth Circuit (“the US Court of Appeal”), on appeal from the
US District Court, failed to consider evidence that the Appellant purportedly
raised in dismissing the appeal.

3 We do not find the grounds raised by the Appellant meritorious and dismiss
the appeal in its entirety. We address the grounds in turn. But before we do
that, a primary question arises in relation to the first ground raised by the
Appellant. And that is whether the Appellant has demonstrated that disclosure
of the Settlement Payouts in the US proceedings was necessary. We consider
that question first.

The Primary Question

4 The Appellant contends that there was non-disclosure of the Settlement
Payouts in the US proceedings, and that such non-disclosure was dishonest. If
disclosed, credit would have been given in the US proceedings for the
Settlement Payouts resulting in judgment for a lesser sum than that awarded in
the US Judgment.

5 The Respondents accept that the Settlement Payouts were not disclosed in the
US proceedings. However, they contend that there was no need for disclosure as
the causes of action and damages/loss in the Class Action Suit and the US
proceedings were different. Consequently, under the applicable law of the
claim which was North Dakota law, the Respondents was entitled to the full sum
awarded in the US Judgment.

6 The Judge was of the view that the Respondents did not adduce any evidence
to explain their failure to disclose the Settlement Payouts. He observed that
counsel for the Respondents was only able to refer to the assertion in the 1st
affidavit of the 1st Respondent filed in the application for summary judgment
that the US Judgment was based on all amounts that the Respondents were
entitled to under the law applicable to the US proceedings ie North Dakota law
(see [18] of the GD). Accordingly, the Judge proceeded on the assumption that
there was dishonest intention behind the non-disclosure, as stated in [19] of
the GD.

7 We have reservations with the Judge’s view that the Respondents had failed
to provide any evidence to explain their non-disclosure. The Judge’s view
assumes that proving fraud is the Respondents’ burden. We respectfully do not
agree. This is a burden of the Appellant, as the party alleging fraud by
reason of the non-disclosure of the Settlement Payouts in the US proceedings.
In order to discharge this burden and show cause in the application for
summary judgment, the Appellant must first show that disclosure of the
Settlement Payouts was required in the US proceedings. This turns on whether
the causes of action and loss/damages in the Class Action Suit and the US
proceedings were the same or similar, thereby necessitating disclosure. Thus,
the Appellant ought to have adduced expert evidence on North Dakota law in the
application for summary judgment that points to this. Counsel for the
Appellant accepted during oral submissions that this was not done. Merely
asserting that there was dishonesty because the Settlement Payouts were not
disclosed in the US proceedings is insufficient as it assumes the very fact
that the Appellant must establish ie, that disclosure was required in the
first place.

8 Accordingly, the correct view is that the Appellant has failed to discharge
his burden of showing dishonesty. It was therefore not necessary for the Judge
to have proceeded on the assumption that there was dishonesty because of the
Respondents’ failure to adduce evidence to explain their non-disclosure of the
Settlement Payouts in the US proceedings. It follows from this that the second
requirement that the fraud was material to the outcome in the US proceedings
did not arise. Materiality would again turn on whether the Settlement Payouts
were relevant to the claim in the US proceedings. The first ground raised by
the Appellant therefore fails in limine on this basis alone.

Fraud

9 As the Appellant has made submissions on the basis that the non-disclosure
was dishonest and material at length and the Respondents have duly replied
with the same degree of rigor, we shall despite our decision on the primary
question, proceed to consider them. The Appellant’s submissions turn on
whether the dishonesty is properly characterised as either intrinsic or
extrinsic fraud. If either basis is properly established on the facts, the US
Judgment should not be recognised and enforced here.

10 The salient authorities on the recognition and enforcement of foreign
judgments where fraud is alleged are the judgments of the Court of Appeal in
Hong Pian Tee v Les Placements Germain Gauthier Inc [2002] 1 SLR(R) 515 (“Hong
Pian Tee”) and Ong Ham Nam v Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 1248
(“Borneo Ventures”). These authorities recognise the dichotomy between
intrinsic and extrinsic fraud. However, notwithstanding these authorities, the
Appellant argues that this court should follow the judgment of the Court of
Appeal in Façade Solution Pte Ltd v Mero Asia Pacific Pte Ltd [2020] 2 SLR
1125 (“Façade”). We therefore first address the relevance of the decision in
Façade.

11 We are of the view that Façade is not relevant for the purpose of the
appeal. Façade concerned the setting aside of a domestic judgment, an
adjudication award under the Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed), and not the enforcement of a foreign
judgment by a common law action, which is what this appeal is about. A common
law action on a foreign judgment raises question of recognition and
enforcement. Comity is a pertinent consideration in this context: see Hong
Pian Tee at [30]. As noted in Hong Pian Tee at [28], “the enforcement forum is
not an appellate tribunal vis-à-vis the foreign judgment.” Thus, where the
alleged fraud relates to the merits ie, intrinsic fraud, the grounds upon
which enforcement is not permissible are circumscribed. Such considerations do
not apply in relation to the setting aside of a domestic judgment as the court
has original, supervisory or appellate jurisdiction, as the case be, over the
judgment in question.

12 On the other hand, where the fraud relates to the jurisdiction of the
foreign court ie, extrinsic fraud, the considerations are quite different. In
such a situation, there is no question of the enforcement court sitting in an
appellate capacity over the foreign judgment as the foreign court was not
properly seised of jurisdiction by reason of the fraud.

13 The other authorities cited by the Appellant, for instance, Takhar v
Gracefield Developments Ltd and others [2019] UKSC 13 are also of no
assistance as they similarly deal with the enforcement of a domestic judgment.

14 Accordingly, the relevant authorities for the purpose of the appeal are
Hong Pian Tee and Borneo Ventures.

Intrinsic or extrinsic fraud

15 Much of the debate in the appeal turns on whether the fraud was intrinsic
or extrinsic. If the fraud ie the non-disclosure of the Settlement Payouts was
intrinsic, the Appellant must show that evidence concerning the fraud could
not have come to light with reasonable diligence on his part. On the other
hand, if the fraud was extrinsic, this requirement does not arise. The
Appellant contends that the fraud is extrinsic.

16 It is evident that the fraud is intrinsic. The non-disclosure of the
Settlement Payouts does not go to the jurisdiction of the US District Court.
Instead, it goes to the merits as the Appellant’s argument is that the US
Judgment should have been entered for a lesser sum than that awarded to take
into account the Settlement Payouts. Extrinsic fraud would typically apply to
bribery of solicitors, collusion and perjury during the discovery process,
typifying situations where the counterparty did not have an opportunity to
examine and challenge the fact that is alleged to be fraudulent. On the other
hand, intrinsic fraud applies where such opportunity exists, for example,
where false statements are made at trial: see Borneo Ventures at [49].

17 The Appellant latches on to the fact that there was no trial here – as the
US Judgment was obtained following the Summary Judgment Motion – to argue that
this is a case of extrinsic fraud. The Appellant analogises the Summary
Judgment Motion to a default judgment citing, inter alia, Eleven Gesellschaft
Zur Entwicklung Und Vermarktung Von Netzwerktechonologien MBH v Boxsentry Pte
Ltd [2014] SGHC 210 (“Boxsentry”) in support. In Boxsentry, the court found
that the failure to disclose background facts in a default judgment
application in proceedings in Germany was extrinsic rather than intrinsic
fraud because of the lack of contest. However, unlike the default judgment
application in Boxsentry, the Summary Judgment Motion was an application that
could have been contested by the Appellant. It is this fact that is key. A
contest need not always manifest itself in the shape of a trial. The Appellant
had the opportunity to contest the Summary Judgment Motion and challenge the
amount claimed but chose not to do so. If he had done so, the non-disclosure
of the Settlement Payouts would have come to light and considered by the US
District Court. Thus, Boxsentry does not support the Appellant’s contention
that this is a case of extrinsic fraud.

18 The Appellant also submits that the Respondents were well aware that he did
not respond to the US proceedings for close to one year prior to the Summary
Judgment Motion. This made the Summary Judgment Motion akin to a default
judgment application. The analogy that the Appellant draws is clearly and
wholly inappropriate. That aside, it must be pointed out that after the
receipt of the Summary Judgment Motion and the supplement to the Motion, the
Appellant wrote to the US District Court twice to ask for an extension of time
to file his response. He was asked by the court to file a Motion for an
Extension of Time, and he intimated by email to the US District Court on 2
October 2018 that he would do so within three weeks. However, no motion was
filed. More than two months later, the US Judgment was entered. Thus, it is
evident that while the Appellant initially intended to contest the Summary
Judgment Motion, he subsequently failed to do so. The failure was of his own
making.

19 Thus, the appeal concerns intrinsic fraud. This raises the question of
whether the non-disclosure of the Settlement Payouts could have come to light
if the Appellant had exercised reasonable diligence. We turn to this issue
next.

Reasonable diligence

20 The Judge found that the Appellant knew that the Respondents:

(a) were party to the Class Action Suit (the GD at [47(a)]); and

(b) would have received Settlement Payouts thereunder, though he might not
have known the specific amounts (the GD at [47(c)]).

21 On appeal, these findings are accepted by the Appellant. The primary point
made by the Appellant is that it was not apparent from the claim in the US
proceedings whether the Respondents had set off the Settlement Payouts. This
was because the claim was not properly particularised. The Appellant only
discovered that the Respondents did not set off when the action below was
commenced.

22 The Appellant's submission is without merit for two reasons. First, the
test is not whether the Appellant had actual knowledge of the non-disclosure.
Instead, it is whether he could have uncovered the non-disclosure with
reasonable diligence. As the Appellant knew that the Settlement Payouts had
been received by the Respondents, had he properly engaged in the US
proceedings, he would have been able to uncover the non-disclosure. He chose
not to do so after his Motion to Dismiss the Claim filed in the US proceedings
was denied. If he had continued to participate in the US proceedings, he would
have been able to uncover the non-disclosure.

23 Second, there is no real difference in the manner in which the claim was
presented in the US proceedings from that in the Statement of Claim (Amendment
No. 1) in the action below. Counsel for the Appellant accepted this during
oral submissions. The Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) similarly does not
plead a set-off. Thus, it is not readily apparent how the Appellant was able
to realise the non-disclosure in the action below, and yet was not able to do
so in the US proceedings.

24 It is therefore clear that the non-disclosure of the Settlement Payouts in
the US proceedings could have been uncovered with reasonable diligence.

25 For the reasons above, the first ground of appeal is without merit. We turn
to the second ground concerning an alleged breach of natural justice.

Breach of Natural Justice

26 The essence of the complaint is that the US Court of Appeal failed to
consider key issues and evidence that the Appellant had raised. The
information that was allegedly disregarded by the US Court of Appeal was
contained in the Appellant’s Answer, which appears to be similar to a Defence,
and the Motion to Dismiss the Claim. The US Court of Appeal was of the opinion
that the US District Court was correct in not relying on these documents
because they were unsworn. The US Court of Appeal accepted that the US
District Court was correct in relying on the Deemed Admissions of the
Appellant. The Deemed Admissions were a result of a Request for Admissions
that the Respondents’ US solicitors had served on the Appellant on 26 January
2018, to which he had not responded. The Appellant asserts that he did not
receive the Request for Admissions. Apart from the fact that this is not
credible as the Request for Admissions was sent to the same SingNet Email
Address which the Appellant had used to communicate with the US District
Court, two further points are pertinent. First, the Appellant did not assert
before the US Court of Appeal or the US Supreme Court (see below at [31]) that
he did not receive the Request for Admissions and therefore it was incorrect
for the court to rely on the Deemed Admissions. Second, and more importantly,
the Request for Admissions and the Deemed Admissions were part of the papers
filed in support of the Summary Judgment Motion and both were sent together to
the same SingNet Email Address. There is no dispute that those papers were
received by the Appellant. As such, the Appellant could have taken issue with
the Deemed Admissions if he had challenged the Summary Judgment Motion. He
chose not to do so.

27 To address the point that the relevant documents were not sworn, the
Appellant points to the fact that he had subsequently filed sworn declarations
that contained the same information. He asserts that the sworn declarations
were before the US Court of Appeal.

28 However, it is unclear whether the sworn declarations were indeed before
the US Court of Appeal. The sworn declarations were filed in support of the
Appellant’s Motion for Relief in the US District Court. The Motion was filed
following the grant of the US Judgment to essentially seek a stay of
enforcement, and was subsequently dismissed. There was no appeal from the
dismissal. Thus, it does not seem that the sworn declarations were part of the
papers before the US Court of Appeal in the appeal from the US District
Court’s decision to award the US Judgment.

29 That aside, the more fundamental issue with the Appellant’s argument is its
challenge on the merits of the US Court of Appeal’s decision to dismiss the
appeal. The Appellant relies on cases concerning the setting aside of arbitral
awards for breach of natural justice. Such reliance is misplaced. A court
determining a challenge to an arbitral award does so in exercise of
supervisory jurisdiction conferred by relevant statutes. On the other hand, in
a common law action on a foreign judgment, the enforcement court does not
exercise supervisory jurisdiction over the judgment of the foreign court.

30 Ultimately, where recognition and enforcement of a foreign judgment is
resisted on the grounds of natural justice, the key question is whether due
process was accorded to the Appellant in the US proceedings. As noted by the
Court of Appeal in Paulus Tannos v Heince Tombak Simanjuntak and others and
another appeal [2020] SGCA 85, natural justice and due process concerns
whether the Appellant was given notice of and the opportunity to be heard in
the US proceedings. There is no question that was indeed the case.

31 The Appellant’s true complaint is that the US Court of Appeal should have
had regard to the sworn declarations in determining the appeal. The US Court
of Appeal saw it differently. To take issue with that decision is to mount a
challenge on the merits. This is impermissible. We should add that the
Appellant had also filed a petition to the US Supreme Court for an order for
certiorari to quash the decision of the US Court of Appeal. The petition was
dismissed by the US Supreme Court. If there were indeed due process issues,
that would surely have been raised before the US Supreme Court. Indeed, the
point about the US Court of Appeal’s refusal to consider the sworn
declarations and reliance on the Deemed Admissions were raised in the
petition. That the US Supreme Court dismissed the petition speaks to there
being no breach of natural justice on the part of the US Court of Appeal.

32 Accordingly, there is also no merit in the second ground of appeal raised
by the Appellant.

Conclusion

33 We therefore dismiss the appeal in its entirety. The Respondents submit
costs of $25,000 and reasonable disbursements in the event the appeal is
dismissed, while the Appellant submits costs of $18,000 and reasonable
disbursements as regards the appeal if it is allowed. We award costs of the
appeal to the Respondents fixed at $25,000 all in.

34 The usual consequential orders apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean Kannan Ramesh

Justice of the Court of Appeal Judge of the Appellate Division

Tan Shangwei and Dorcas Ong (WongPartnership LLP) for the Appellant;  
Sim Chong and Senthil Dayalan (Sim Chong LLC) for the Respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Nov 2022 (17:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

