Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 61

Tax Appeal No 16 of 2020

In the matter of Order 55 of the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, Rule 5)

And

In the matter of Section 54 of the Goods and Services Tax Act (Cap. 117A)

And

In the matter of Goods and Services Tax Board of Review Appeals No. 1 & 2 of
2018 and a Decision delivered on 8 October 2020 ensuing therefrom

And

In the matter of the assessment of Dynamac Enterprise under the  
Goods and Services Tax Act (Cap.117A)

Between

Comptroller of Goods and Services Tax

… Appellant

And

Dynamac Enterprise

… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue Law — Goods and Services Tax (GST) — zero rated supply]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Comptroller of Goods and Services Tax

  
v

  

Dynamac Enterprise

[2022] SGHC 61

General Division of the High Court — Tax Appeal No 16 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
28 February 2022

18 March 2022 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The respondent, a partnership, is an exporter of electronic products such
as, mobile phones, tablets, and notebooks. It was registered under the Goods
and Services Tax (“GST”) regime since 1994. The facts in this appeal are based
on the respondent’s sales to its Malaysian customers. The customers collect
the goods from the respondent’s place of business, and hand-carry them to
Malaysia by motor vehicles.

2 The goods are liable to Goods and Services Tax, and under s 8 of the Goods
and Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 2005 Rev Ed) (“GSTA”), the taxable rate
applicable for goods and services in Singapore is subject to GST at the
standard rate of 7%. However, for supplies of goods or services that are
exported overseas, the Comptroller of Goods and Services (“the Comptroller”)
can exercise his discretion, under s 21 of the GSTA, to zero-rate the supply,
that is to say, allow a waiver of payment of the GST.

3 In January 2016, the Comptroller conducted an audit on the respondent (“the
2016 audit”) in the course of investigating Missing Trader Fraud, that is, a
type of fraudulent trade practice with the intention to evade GST payment or
claim GST refunds. In this audit, the Comptroller found that the respondent
had not furnished certain documents that were required in the IRAS e-tax guide
entitled “GST: Guide on Exports” (“ETG”), issued in 2009. Specifically, the
respondent did not maintain the Declaration Form prescribed in the ETG and did
not record the carrier’s Vehicle Numbers in its export permits. It is not the
Comptroller’s case that the respondent was involved in a Missing Trader Fraud,
and the respondent was not charged for any offence.

4 But, based on non-compliance with the above requirements, the Comptroller
takes the view that the respondent should not be entitled to a zero-rating
relief for electronic goods exported to Malaysia from April 2013 to October
2016 (“the Disputed Supplies”). Accordingly, the Comptroller issued Notices of
Assessment (“NOA”) to tax the Disputed Supplies at 7% GST, resulting in an
aggregate GST of $26,957,061.05 (“the Disputed Assessments”).

5 The respondent disputes the NOA. It avers that it had maintained all the
export evidence that the Comptroller specifically directed it to maintain in
his letter dated 6 September 2006 (“the Specific Directions”) to it. It is
undisputed that the respondent has been complying with the Specific Directions
directed by the Comptroller for all its supplies since 2006, including the
Disputed Supplies made between April 2013 and October 2016. This includes
maintaining:

(a) tax invoice showing the models and quantity of the goods sold, the
Malaysian customer’s name and address, and the price of the goods;

(b) export permit indicating the quantity of goods to be exported;

(c) delivery order or collection note signed by the carrier (together with the
carrier’s passport number) indicating the date of collection and details of
goods collected;

(d) photocopy of carrier’s passport showing personal details and immigration
endorsements for their entry into and exit from Singapore on the day of
collection;

(e) evidence of receipt of payment from Malaysian customer; and

(f) signed and stamped confirmation of receipt from Malaysian customer
certifying that the goods were received in order.

6 The respondent also says that after the Specific Directions were imposed,
the Comptroller audited the respondent on two occasions in May 2007 (“2007
audit”) and in April 2013 (“2013 audit”). After reviewing the export evidence
maintained by the respondent in accordance with the Specific directions, the
Comptroller affirmed the respondent’s right to zero-rate its supplies to
Malaysian customers on both occasions. Since the Comptroller did not dispute
that the respondent had complied with the Specific Directions in both audits,
the respondent says that the Comptroller must have accepted that the Specific
Directions were the only applicable export evidence requirements for the
respondent for the Disputed Supplies.

7 The respondent thus appealed against the Disputed Assessments to the GST
Board of Review (“the Board”). The Board agreed that the respondent should not
be denied zero-rating because it had complied with the Specific Directions
issued by the Comptroller in 2006 which were not revoked by the subsequent
audits or the revised ETG in 2009. The Board took the view that it had the
jurisdiction to ascertain whether the ETG was validly issued, but decided not
to rule on the validity of the ETG, given that the issue was rendered academic
by its finding that the Specific Directions, and not the ETG, applied to the
respondent.

8 The Comptroller appealed to this court against the Board’s decision pursuant
to s 54(2) of the GSTA. The Comptroller raises three main points on appeal:

(a) The Board made a fundamental error of law in failing to decide whether s
21(6) of the GSTA or reg 105 of the Goods and Services Tax (General)
Regulations (“GSTR”) applied to the Disputed Supplies (“Applicable Provision
Issue”);

(b) The Board has no jurisdiction to determine the applicable export evidence
requirements because the discretion to impose conditions for export evidence
is vested solely in the Comptroller (“Jurisdiction Issue”); and

(c) Even if the Board had jurisdiction to decide on the applicable export
evidence requirements, the applicable requirements in this case should be the
requirements under the ETG which the respondent had failed to comply with
(“Applicable Export Evidence Issue”).

9 First, on the Applicable Provision Issue, the matter was advanced before the
Board, and the Board concluded that it was unnecessary to determine whether s
21(6) of the GSTA or reg 105 of the GSTR applied since both provisions
prescribed common requirements for zero-rating.

The relevant portions of s 21(6) GSTA are as follows:

21.—(6) A supply of goods is zero-rated where the Comptroller is satisfied
that the person supplying the goods —

(a) has exported them; or

(b) …

and, in either case, if such other conditions or restrictions (if any) as may
be prescribed by the Minister in regulations or as the Comptroller may impose
are fulfilled.

The relevant portions of reg 105 GSTR are as follows:

105.—(1) Where the Comptroller is satisfied that goods supplied by a taxable
person are to be exported, the supply shall be zero-rated if the taxable
person —

(a) has obtained the prior approval of the Comptroller in relation to that
supply;

(b) produces such evidence of export as the Comptroller may require generally
or in any particular case; and

(c) complies with such other conditions or restrictions as the Comptroller may
impose for the protection of the revenue.

10 The Board took the view that the two provisions prescribed two common
requirements for zero-rating. First, the taxpayer must maintain export
evidence to satisfy the Comptroller that the goods have been exported (s 21(6)
GSTA) or were to be exported (reg 105 GSTR). Second, the taxpayer must
maintain any export evidence imposed by the Comptroller as statutory
conditions for zero-rating either under s 21(6) GSTA or reg 105(1)(b) GSTR.
Therefore, the Board concluded that it was unnecessary to determine which
provision applied since the case will turn on the factual finding of whether
the Specific Directions or the ETG were the applicable export evidence
requirements for the Disputed Supplies.

11 On appeal, the Comptroller says that the Board was wrong for failing to
determine whether s 21(6) GSTA or reg 105 GSTR applied because the latter has
a “prior approval” requirement which is materially different from the former.
The Comptroller further argues that since the Disputed Supplies are indirect
exports, reg 105 GSTR should apply, and the respondent is not entitled to
zero-rating because it failed to obtain “prior approval” for the Disputed
Supplies

12 I disagree with the Comptroller’s position. The Comptroller had by its own
practice, deemed “prior approval” automatically, if the taxpayer had
maintained the export evidence that the Comptroller required. Therefore, the
determinative issue in this case is whether the Specific Directions or the ETG
contained the export evidence that the Comptroller required. If the Specific
Directions contained the applicable export evidence requirement, it would
stand to reason that the respondent would be granted deemed “prior approval”
since it complied with the Specific Directions.

13 Hence, I am of the view that the Board was not wrong in finding that it is
unnecessary to determine whether s 21(6) GSTA or reg 105 GSTR applied.
Regardless of which provision applies, the central issue is whether the
applicable requirements that the respondent must comply with, had in fact been
complied with.

14 Turning to the Jurisdiction Issue, the Comptroller says that the Board had
no jurisdiction to substitute its views on the applicable export evidence
requirements for the Comptroller. The Comptroller further says that the Board,
in finding that the Specific Directions applied instead of the ETG conditions,
has effectively usurped the administrative discretion that is vested solely in
the Comptroller under reg 105 GSTR.

15 I disagree with the Comptroller. I am of the view that the Board has
jurisdiction to determine the applicable export evidence requirement in this
case. Regulation 105 GSTR requires taxable persons to maintain export evidence
“as the Comptroller may require generally or in any particular case”. The
Board was entitled to make a factual finding that the Specific Directions
prescribed the export evidence required by the Comptroller in the case of the
Disputed Supplies. Just because the Board’s factual finding was not in favour
of the Comptroller does not mean that the Board usurped the Comptroller’s
statutory discretion to impose conditions on export evidence. The Board is not
deciding what export evidence should be needed for zero-rating but rather,
which set of export evidence requirements applied on the present facts.

16 The Comptroller seeks to re-characterise the respondent’s argument as one
engaging the doctrines of substantive legitimate expectation (“SLE”) and
estoppel which the Board lacks supervisory jurisdiction to hear. I disagree
with this characterisation of the respondent’s argument. The respondent’s only
argument before the Board was that the Specific Directions were the only
statutory conditions imposed for the Disputed Supplies and that the
respondent’s compliance with these conditions entitled it to rely on the
statutory right of zero-rating. It is not the respondent’s case that even
though the Specific Directions were not the applicable conditions, the
respondent is nevertheless entitled to zero-rate the Disputed Supplies due to
the Comptroller’s representations during the audits. Therefore, the
respondent’s argument does not engage the doctrine of SLE and estoppel, and
the Board has jurisdiction to make a determination of the applicable export
evidence requirements imposed for the Disputed Supplies.

17 I now turn to address the Applicable Export Evidence Issue. The Comptroller
says that even if the Board has jurisdiction, the Board erred in finding that
the Specific Directions applied instead of the ETG. As a preliminary point, I
note that s 54(2) GSTA only allows for appeals on questions of law or mixed
law and facts. The Comptroller cited Comptroller of Income Tax v AQQ [2014]
SGCA 15 (“AQQ”) in which the Singapore Court of Appeal held that “when the
court considers an appeal from the Board on a finding of fact, the question
that the court asks itself is whether ‘no reasonable body of members
constituting an Income Tax Review Board could have reached the findings
reached by the Board’” (at [123]). AQQ therefore highlights the high threshold
that must be crossed before this court can review a finding of fact by the
Board.

18 In the present case, it cannot be said that “no reasonable body of members
constituting the Goods and Services Tax Board of Review” would have concluded
that the Specific Guidelines were the applicable export evidence requirements
that the respondent had to comply with. On the contrary, it seems to me that
the Board was correct. Therefore, I will not disturb the Board’s finding of
fact.

19 For completeness, even if I were to “consider the entire ream of evidence”
to determine the applicable export evidence requirements, as the Comptroller
suggests, I would have arrived at the same conclusion as the Board for two
reasons. First, it is undisputed that the respondent had tendered documents
complying with the Specific Directions in both the 2007 audit and 2013 audit,
and on both occasions, the respondent was permitted to zero-rate its exports.
This was even when the 2013 audit was conducted after the publication of the
ETG in 2009, which suggests that the ETG did not supersede the applicability
of the Specific Directions.

20 The Comptroller seeks to avoid this conclusion by characterising the 2013
audit as a “partial audit” that did not scrutinize the export documents
tendered by the respondent. However, before the Board, the Comptroller did not
call the officer who conducted the 2013 audit to give evidence as to the scope
and details of the 2013 audit. The only officer called was the officer who
conducted the 2016 audit who admitted that she had no personal knowledge of
what transpired in the 2013 audit. This is especially when the officer who
conducted the 2013 audit attended the hearing before the Board itself and
there was no impediment in calling him as a witness. Under these
circumstances, the Board was right to draw the adverse inference that the 2013
audit was not a “partial audit” and that the ETG did not supersede the
applicability of the Specific Directions. I should point out that “adverse
inference” in this context merely meant that the absence of needed evidence
had led the Board to the logical conclusion that the matter had not been
proven.

21 Second, the publication of the ETG did not impose legally binding
conditions that override the Specific Directions. Our courts have consistently
held that e-tax Guides are merely guidelines and are not law (Zhao Hui Fang v
Comptroller of Stamp Duties [2017] 4 SLR 925 at [113]). They may illuminate
the practice of tax authorities, but practice is not law (Comptroller of
Income Tax v GE Pacific Pte Ltd [1994] 2 SLR(R) 948 at [35]).

22 In the present case, the aim of the ETG is expressly stated to “provide
general guidance to assist GST-registered businesses to comply with the zero-
rating provisions on exports of goods”. Furthermore, there is also an express
disclaimer stating that “IRAS shall not be responsible or held accountable in
any way for any decisions made … in reliance upon the Contents in this e-tax
Guide”. These suggest that the nature of the ETG is more of a “guide” than
“conditions”. I agree with the Board’s opinion that “the authority of the
state, so delegated to the Comptroller, should be exercised in an open,
transparent, and unambiguous manner”. If the Comptroller intends to impose
legally binding statutory conditions, there should minimally be some explicit
reference in the document which states that it contains conditions issued
pursuant to a specified statutory provision, by a specified statutory
authority (Asia Development Pte Ltd v Attorney-General [2020] 1 SLR 886 at
[16]). These elements were all absent in the ETG. Therefore, I am of the view
that the ETG did not impose legally binding conditions and did not override
the Specific Directions issued by the Comptroller to the respondent in 2006.

23 Given my findings above, I am of the view that the Specific Directions were
the only export evidence requirements imposed for the Disputed Supplies and it
was not superseded by the ETG issued in 2009. Therefore, the respondent should
be entitled to zero-rate the Disputed Supplies and the Comptroller’s appeal
should be dismissed.

24 Finally, I will deal with the consequential issue of the interest order.
The Board below has ordered for the Comptroller to refund the amount of
$4,623,962.88 to the respondent with interest. Section 19(11) of the GSTA
provides that the Comptroller must pay interest if input tax refunds are not
paid on time, at 5.5% per annum (reg 64 GSTR). The Comptroller appeals against
the interest order on the ground that s 19(11) did not apply because the
$4,623,962.88 was “additional tax payable” assessed by the Comptroller. This
amount was set-off against the input credits of $5,206,980.08 claimed by the
respondent and $583,017.20 was duly refunded to the respondent in 2017.

25 I am of the view that s 19(11) of the GSTA applies. The Comptroller, by
setting off the $4,623,962.88 from the input tax claimed by the respondent,
wrongfully withheld $4,623,962.88 from the respondent. Even if the Comptroller
seeks to characterize the $4,623,962.88 as “additional tax payable”, the
effect of the set-off is that $4,623,962.88 worth of input tax credit was not
refunded to the respondent in a timely fashion. The annulment of the Disputed
Assessments means that the respondent should be restored to the position as if
the Disputed Assessments had never been issued (TYC Investment Pte Ltd v Chan
Siew Lee Jannie [2018] 4 SLR 293 at [32]). Therefore, interest should be
payable to the respondent from the date the input tax refunds were due to the
respondent up until the date the Comptroller eventually paid the refunds.

26 Under s 19(10) GSTA, read with reg 63 GSTR, the Comptroller is required to
pay input tax refunds within a period equivalent to the applicable prescribed
accounting period (“PAP”), commencing on the date one day after the GST return
for that PAP has been filed. In the respondent’s case, the PAP is one month.
Therefore, the interest should be payable from one month after the GST was
filed by the respondent for each corresponding PAP, until 9 February 2021,
when the Comptroller finally repaid the input tax refunds.

27 The Comptroller then seeks to rely on reg 63(2) GSTR which provides that
where the Comptroller makes reasonable requests for information, the
Comptroller is only required to make payment within three months of receipt of
all information requested. Although it is undisputed that the Comptroller had
requested for additional documents from the respondent, the respondent has
consistently indicated that it did not have, and was not required to produce
the requested documents since they are not part of the requisite export
evidence. Under these circumstances, I am of the view that reg 63(2) GSTR is
not applicable in this instance. Otherwise, it will mean that the Comptroller
can, theoretically, postpone the statutory timeline to pay input tax credits
indefinitely since it will never receive “all information requested” when the
taxpayer disputes the relevance of the documents in the first place.

28 Therefore, I am of the view that the appeal should be dismissed. Interest
should be payable, at 5.5% per annum, from one month after the GST return was
filed by the respondent for each corresponding PAP, up until 9 February 2021
when the Comptroller finally paid the refunds. I will hear questions of costs
at a later date if parties are unable to agree costs themselves.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Pang Mei Yu, Rajiv Rai and Adam Liew Wei Loong (Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore) for the appellant;  
Stephen Phua Lye Huat, Kuan Cheng Tuck and Tneu Jia Jin (RHTLaw Asia LLP) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Mar 2022 (14:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

