Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 288

Criminal Case No 33 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Haridass s/o Mohan  
---  
  
JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Haridass s/o Mohan

[2022] SGHC 288

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 33 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn SJ

24–26 April, 8–11 May 2018, 2–4 April, 3, 29–30 May, 9 September, 7 November
2019, 3, 4 March, 27 April, 31 August, 1 September, 4 October and 6 October
2021 (Main Trial)

23–27 May, 4–8, 12, 15, 18–22 July, 6–9, 12, 13, 15 September, 27 October 2022
(Ancillary Hearing)

16 November 2022 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn SJ:

Introduction

1 Haridass s/o Mohan (the “accused”) was charged with abetting by way of
conspiracy with one Babu s/o Suppiah (“Babu” or the “co-accused”) to traffic
in three bundles of drugs containing not less than 38.98 grams of diamorphine
(“three bundles”), and in pursuance of that conspiracy, the accused took
possession of the three bundles on 11 September 2014 at Blk 106 Commonwealth
Crescent, Singapore.

2 Babu was charged in turn with abetting by way of conspiracy with the accused
in the offence stated above. Mr Ramesh Tiwary (“Mr Tiwary”) represented the
co-accused as his lead counsel throughout the trial. Mr Satwant Singh was the
assisting counsel.

3 Babu was tried jointly with the accused until he (ie, Babu) pleaded guilty
midway during the joint trial.

4 The accused had an unusually large number of changes of assigned counsel
during his trial as can be seen from the table below and at certain periods of
time, he was representing himself:

S/No| Name of assigned counsel| Period of assignment| Reason for discharge  
---|---|---|---  
1| Mr Nandwani Manoj Prakash as main counsel (“Mr Manoj”)Mr Dhanaraj James
Selvaraj as assisting counsel| 14.7.2015 to 11.12.201511.11.2015 to
11.12.2015| Accused discharged counselAccused discharged counsel  
2| Accused acting in person| 12.12.2015 to 26.5.2016| NA  
3| Mr Low Cheong Yeow as main counselMr Satwant Singh as assisting counsel|
27.5.2016 to 11.10.201623.6.2016 to 24.6.2016| Counsel discharged
himselfCounsel discharged himself  
4| Mr Singa Retnam as main counselMr Sunil Sudheesan as main counsel (“Mr
Sunil”)Mr Mohamed Baiross as assisting counselMr Krishna Sharma as junior
assisting counsel| 11.10.2016 to 25.10.201616.11.2016 to 9.5.201718.10.2016 to
9.5.201711.10.2016 to 27.3.2017| Accused discharged counselCounsel discharged
himselfCounsel discharged himselfCounsel discharged himself  
5| Accused acting in person| 10.5.2017 to 18.5.2017| NA  
6| Mr Johan Ismail as main counsel (“Mr Johan”)Mr A Revi Shanker as assisting
counsel (“Mr Revi Shanker”)Mr Melvin Loh as junior assisting counsel (“Mr
Melvin”)| 19.5.2017 to 12.7.201926.5.2017 to 12.7.201926.5.2017 to 12.7.2019|
Counsel discharged himselfCounsel discharged himselfCounsel discharged himself  
7| Accused acting in person| 13.7.2019 to 22.7.2019| NA  
8| Mr B Rengarajoo as main counselMr Maheswari Rani d/o Krishna as junior
assisting counsel| 23.7.2019 to 20.9.20195.8.2019 to 20.9.2019| Counsel
discharged himselfCounsel discharged himself  
9| Accused acting in person| 21.9.2019 to 29.9.2019| NA  
10| Mr Hassan Esa Almenoar as main counsel (“Mr Hassan”)Ms Balakrishnan Chitra
as junior assisting counsel (“Ms Chitra”)| 30.9.2019 to date30.9.2019 to date|
NA  
  
5 When the present counsel Mr Hassan and Ms Chitra (collectively also his “new
counsel”) came on board to represent the accused, many allegations of
inadequate legal assistance (“inadequate representation”) and complaints were
raised against his previous lead counsel, Mr Johan, and assisting counsel, Mr
Revi Shanker (collectively also his “previous counsel”), both of whom
represented him from May 2017 to 12 July 2019. The accused alleged that his
previous counsel’s failure to follow his instructions had essentially
compromised his defence. Presumably on the advice of his new counsel, the
accused wanted not only to recall various Prosecution witnesses for further
cross-examination but also give further evidence-in-chief of certain matters
not dealt with earlier.

6 It must be pointed out that when snippets of these allegations first
surfaced, the accused’s cross-examination by Mr Tiwary had not been completed,
his new counsel had not commenced re-examination of the accused and the case
for his defence was far from being closed. As the accused’s new counsel had
not completed taking full instructions from the accused and were not ready to
deal with the accused’s allegations against his previous counsel, I proceeded
to finish the main hearing first and have the defence close its case before
dealing separately with these allegations.

Background

7 On 12 July 2019, Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker discharged themselves from
acting for the accused, whilst the accused was still being cross-examined by
Mr Tiwary. At the discharge application, Mr Johan informed the Senior
Assistant Registrar (“SAR”) of the following reasons for seeking a discharge:
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit 1T-R5 - Minutes of 12 July 2019 Pre-Trial Conference; Exhibit 1T-R1 -
Mr Johan’s letter dated 2 July 2019 to the Registrar seeking a discharge.

(a) When the accused was cross-examined by Mr Tiwary, he made certain
allegations as to instructions which he purportedly gave to Mr Johan’s team
but Mr Johan’s position was that they never received those instructions.

(b) On 1 July 2019, Mr Revi Shanker informed Mr Johan that when he was in
Changi Prison interviewing another person, Mr Revi Shanker was informed of
allegations that they were sabotaging the accused’s defence in cahoots with Mr
Tiwary. Mr Johan could not see the accused as he was still on the witness
stand but they could not accept these allegations.

(c) Mr Johan and his team simply could not continue to act for the accused as
they were of the view that the relationship between solicitor and client was
broken.

After hearing the parties, the SAR granted their application for discharge.

8 The present counsel, Mr Hassan and Ms Chitra, who were appointed much later
on 30 September 2019, were not allowed permission to speak with the accused
and take instructions from him because the accused was still in the midst of
cross-examination by Mr Tiwary. The accused informed the court that there were
a lot of things that he wished to inform his new counsel of. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 7 November 2019 pg 12 lines 22 to 24.

I told the accused that he could speak with and give instructions to his new
counsel after his cross-examination was completed and his new counsel could
then re-examine him. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE 7 November 2019 pg 12 lines 26 to 32.

This was to ensure that the accused’s cross-examination (including the cross-
examination by the Deputy Public Prosecutor Mr Terence Chua Seng Leng (the
“DPP”)) could continue unimpeded and uninterrupted.

9 Mr Tiwary continued with his cross-examination of the accused on 3 and 4
March 2021. The trial was part heard. Before the trial resumed, Babu succeeded
in his fresh representations to the Prosecution to have his drug charge
reduced from trafficking in not less than 38.98 grams of diamorphine to a
substantially reduced amount of not less than 9.99 grams. Babu pleaded guilty
before Ang Cheng Hock J on 9 April 2021 to a substantially reduced charge of
trafficking in not less than 9.99 grams of diamorphine and was sentenced to 15
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 1 lines 25 to 32.

10 When the trial resumed on 27 April 2021, continued cross-examination of the
accused by Mr Tiwary (ie, on the basis that Babu was entirely not involved
with the offence and that the accused was lying when he implicated Babu as the
person who ordered the drugs) was no longer necessary as the co-accused, Babu,
had been dealt with. The DPP then commenced his cross-examination of the
accused. At the completion of the DPP’s cross-examination and before the
accused’s re-examination, Mr Hassan asked for an adjournment of the trial to
take instructions from the accused as this would be his first opportunity to
do so since his appointment as counsel in September 2019, some 19 months
earlier. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE 27 April 2021 pg 45 lines 1 to 8.

11 On 31 August 2021 when the trial resumed after it was again part-heard, Mr
Hassan requested for all the documents (including the statement of facts) in
relation to Babu’s plea of guilt to the reduced charge. The DPP acceded to the
request. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 2 lines 3 to 21.

The DPP indicated that he intended to call Babu later as a Prosecution
witness. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 3 lines 9 and 10.

Mr Hassan then commenced his re-examination of the accused. Presumably based
on instructions from the accused first received by Mr Hassan only after
completion of the accused’s cross-examination, an incident in the Supreme
Court lock-up (“lock-up”) came to light during the accused’s re-examination
where Mr Johan, Mr Revi Shanker, Mr Tiwary and their assisting counsel had a
meeting with the accused in the lock-up. Certain disturbing evidence also
surfaced. The accused testified as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 11 line 23 to pg 12 line 30; NE 31 August 2021 pg 13 line
4 to pg 15 line 11.

Q Okay, so now, so that is clear now. Ramesh said that. You were now---you
were talking about going down to the lock-up, right? Now, can you tell the
Court what actually happened in the lock-up?

A Your Honour, why this happened was there were some things going on in this
case, Your Honour. What things is prior to this incident where the lawyers
came down to see me at the lock-up, when the---my former counsel Mr Revi
Shanker came to interview me with regards to this trial via video link, what
Revi told me is I spoke to Ramesh and Ramesh told me to take the rap. If I
don’t, then five people will come there and they will kill me. Then I told my
lawyer, “I’m sorry, I cannot do this.” He has repeated the same thing about
two to three times to me.

Court: Who repeated?

Witness: Mr Revi Shanker.

Court: Repeated what?

Witness: Revi told me that Ramesh told him ask Hari, Haridass, to take
everything, Your Honour, that means the ownership of the drugs and everything,
and to let Babu go off. And if I let---if I were to let Babu go, then Babu
will be out, and he will come back as a defence witness to speak in support of
me. My former lawyers have also spoken to my family with regards to this. My
family members are also aware of this matter. Just before the trial, just
before the start of the trial, Mr Revi Shanker, Mr Johan Ismail, all my
lawyers came to see me to interview me. That was the week of the trial. When
my lawyers came to interview me in the interview room, there’s a door there,
Your Honour. There’s a vanguard sheet, and I did see Mr Ramesh speaking to
someone. And I saw ra---Mr Revi leave the room, and he was speaking to Ramesh
Tiwary outside the interview room. When my lawyers were interviewing me about
my case, I was telling them a lot of things about my case, but my counsel, Mr
Johan Ismail, didn’t like it. And Mr Revi is aware that Mr Johan Ismail and
myself get into arguments quite often. The trial had started that week. The
trial had already started in 2018. After my lawyer, Mr Johan Ismail, had
finished his cross-examination of the IO Mr Shafiq, he told me this. The---my
lawyer told me this. Mr Johan Ismail told me that Mr Revi had told him that I
had opened all the doors and now Ramesh is going to close all those doors. And
before Mr Ramesh Tiwary cross-examined the IO, Revi came and told me that
Ramesh wanted to speak with me.

…

Q Okay, fair enough. Now you tell the Court, please, what happened when Ramesh
was in front of you? What did he say to you?

A All of them were there, Mr Satwant Singh, Revi Shanker, Ramesh.

Q Okay, never mind. We heard that. What did Mr Ramesh tell you?

A Ramesh told me, “I heard you wanted to speak with me.” Then I told Ramesh,
“No, I didn’t want to speak with you. Revi said you wanted to speak with me.”
I’m going to narrate what happened, what we spoke about. Ramesh Tiwary told
me, “I’m Ramesh Tiwary. I know what I’m doing. You don’t mention Babu. You let
Babu go, don’t mention his name.” He---in a way, he’s telling me to protect
Babu. He said, “Your lawyers know about me. If you let Babu go and if you need
any help, I will get help and---through your lawyers. My hair is all white, I
have been a lawyer for the past 20, 30 years.” Then he gestured---he put his
hand into his jacket pocket and say he has got the evidence with him. Then I
told him, “I’m only narrating the truth of what happened.” There was a point
of time I got angry because I just felt that they were scheming something,
that there was something behind this. And because I got angry, I told Ramesh
Tiwary to leave. Then after that, I cried and I told my lawyers, “I’ve been
telling you all these years about my case, what are you all doing?” Then the
Chinese lawyer, Melvin Low[sic] or something, ask me, “So what is your
instructions now? To fight the case, right?[”] Then I told him, “Yes, that’s
what I’ve been telling you all to do.[”] Then my counsels told me, “Yes, then
we’ll carry on.” After that, we left the lock-up.

Q Okay, alright. You mentioned just now that whilst you were talking to Mr
Ramesh, you got angry. Remember you mentioned just now? Why did you get angry?

A Because many things are going on in this case.

Q No, I---listen, mister---tell the Court please, why did you get angry when
you were talking to Mr Ramesh?

A Because I felt that Ramesh Tiwary was protecting Babu and trying to make him
get away and making me take responsibility for everything.

Q Okay. That’s why you got angry. You also mentioned somewhere earlier that
you were crying.

A Yes.

Q Can you please tell the Court, tell His Honour why were you crying?

A No, because Babu is very involved in this case, Your Honour, but the way
I’ve been questioned and the way the lawyer is questioning me makes it seem
like he’s got nothing to do with it and every responsibility is on my head,
Your Honour. So I got very angry with that. I feel very stressed and
frustrated when all this is happening, Your Honour. I’m not saying I didn’t do
this, Your Honour, but he is very much involved in this. That’s my point.
Because he tells me the drugs were---was not found on him per se so he don’t
---he tells me that he can get away with it and he won’t be charged because he
was not found with the drugs. Just because he was not found with the drugs, he
thinks he can get away with it. Your Honour, and as my counsels, they should
be fighting for me, Your Honour, and when Mr Ramesh Tiwary stands up and
cross-examines me, I expect them to object and to make noise, Your Honour, but
there I see them sitting down there and laughing with each other, Your Honour.
I’m the one suffering, watching all this and I feel that I’m the one who is
prejudiced, Your Honour.

Q Alright. Going back to your transcript, and I will move on soon after that.
You said Ramesh had told you, “You take all the things and then you let Babu
go off”, right?

A Yes.

Q And there at that point, this was an outburst or hoo-ha by you, is there
anything else you want to add to this portion?

A Your Honour, I had mentioned him to be dishonest, Your Honour. Why I said
that was I know as a lawyer he’s defending his client, that’s his duty, but
there seems to be some scheme against me, Your Honour, in the way he is
defending. That’s why I got angry and I---my outburst was I called him
[referring to Mr Tiwary] a dishonest lawyer because I felt that the way he
went about doing it seemed to be like that.

Q Okay. You also mentioned that he---you understand that he is the lawyer for
Babu and he has to do his best for his client to defend his client. So what
did he do wrong?

A Your Honour, I get it that the lawyer is trying to protect him. What
essentially they are saying is asking me to take responsibility for the whole
thing and Babu is to go out and then he’s supposed to help me. But I feel that
that’s not right, Your Honour. The manner in which I’ve gotten to know him and
the way we both became friends and how close he was, he did all this, I feel
that he is actually backstab me and he is just killing me, Your Honour, asking
me to take the rap and he’s nicely going to walk away and not be involved at
all. So I feel that it is not right. that is the part that I feel is not
right.

12 In the above extract, there is a reference to an outburst where the accused
called Mr Tiwary a dishonest lawyer. This had happened some months earlier on
4 March 2021 during the accused’s cross-examination by Mr Tiwary when the
accused (who had all along been giving oral evidence in the Tamil language)
suddenly shouted at Mr Tiwary in English saying: “I am not blaming. You
understand or not? … You came down below in the lock-up. You tell me. You take
all the things [meaning the drugs]. And then you let Babu go off.” 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE 4 March 2021 pg 29 line 31 to pg 30 line 4.

This could be heard on the audio recording of the trial proceedings on 4 March
2021 just prior to the adjournment of the court for the day. The accused said
that he had gotten upset and angry as the things that Mr Tiwary was saying and
putting to the accused were untrue 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 27 April 2021 pg 32 line 29 to pg 33 line 4.

. I note that Babu had since pleaded guilty to drug trafficking in conjunction
with the accused in this case (see [9] above). Babu was therefore involved
with the accused in trafficking of the drugs just as the accused had stated.
Accordingly, what had been put to him by Mr Tiwary, ie, that the accused was
lying about Babu’s involvement, was clearly untrue.

Events leading to the ancillary hearing

13 After Mr Hassan and Ms Chitra had finished re-examining the accused, the
DPP raised the following issue before me: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 36 lines 1 to 16.

The second thing is, Your Honour, that the allegations that he [ie, the
accused] makes against Mr Tiwary in terms of his conduct, these are very
serious allegations. So I’m wondering---I’m seeking confirmation from my
learned friend whether or not he’s suggesting---especially since his
allegations extend to Mr Revi Shanker as well, is he suggesting that there was
inadequate or---inadequate representation during the conduct of this trial?

If he’s alleging that, Your Honour, there are certain consequences that can---
must flow from that. Because under the Legal Profession Rules, if he puts this
in writing, then the solicitor with---against whom the allegation was made
against must be given a chance to respond, must be put on notice. So that
leads to a whole different set of consequential events. So I just need to
confirm with my learned friend whether he’s making such an allegation against
counsel.

14 I then checked with the DPP if he just wanted to confirm whether there was
any allegation that the accused was not adequately represented by his previous
counsel. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 38 lines 15 to 19.

Mr Hassan said that since the DPP raised an allegation of misconduct by the
lawyers, the lawyers should have a chance to respond but he was not sure that
applied in criminal cases. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 38 line 30 to pg 39 line 4.

In disciplinary matters, that would be applicable, but it would not follow for
criminal cases. The DPP disagreed. The DPP referred me to the Court of Appeal
case of Mohammad Farid bin Batra v Public Prosecutor and another appeal and
other matters [2020] 1 SLR 907 (“Farid”) and mentioned that the Court of
Appeal remitted the matter back to the trial judge to take further evidence to
determine whether or not instructions that were given to the counsel were
carried out or not carried out as the case might be. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 39 at lines 5 to 15.

I informed the parties that we would not want to have this become a retrial as
that would be very wasteful in resources. To avoid that, we could recall the
accused to ask him whether there was any issue with his representation by
counsel during the conduct of the trial prior to Mr Hassan and Ms Chitra
coming on board as his present counsel. If the accused confirmed that he was
not making any such allegation, then it would be alright. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 39 lines 16 to 29.

However, if the accused was making such an allegation and assuming there was a
problem between the accused and his previous counsel that compromised his
examination-in-chief, then there would be a complication. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 39 line 27 to pg 40 line 4.

I said that the remedy was to have the accused return to give any other
evidence that he wished to give to remedy the possible inadequacy in his
representation by his previous counsel. With Mr Hassan now as his new lead
counsel, the accused could have an opportunity to give all the evidence that
he wanted to give in evidence-in-chief, as opposed to being limited to a re-
examination of what he had been previously cross-examined upon. Then there
could be further cross-examination and we would just finish one more round of
that process. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 40 lines 6 to 13.

I said that would probably be the best way forward to remedy that problem in
the event that the accused said that his evidence-in-chief was compromised
because of the difficulty in giving proper instructions to Mr Johan and his
team before they were discharged to which both the DPP and Mr Hassan agreed.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 40 lines 14 to 25.

I further stated that as far as misconduct was concerned, that was another
separate issue because evidence pertaining to such possible misconduct may be
referred to later on for further action. If the relevant authorities deemed it
fit to investigate, they could do that, and the persons concerned would have a
chance to respond to whatever that was being alleged and I emphasised that I
would not deal with any alleged misconduct in this trial because that was
really a separate matter. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 40 line 31 to pg 41 line 8.

15 I expressed my concern as follows: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 41 lines 7 to 27.

Court: …. What I’m more concerned is had there been inadequate representation
which resulted in some prejudice to his examination-in-chief. I’ll rather
remedy it now with Mr Hassan Almenoar being the counsel now in charge so that
it won’t be limited only to what has happened in the re-examination. You see,
if his evidence-in-chief is compromised, then obviously his cross-examination
[ie, his counsel’s cross-examination of prosecution witnesses] which is based
on that would have been affected.

Chua: Yes.

Court: And then you---then you’re limited to what you can re-examine and the
whole thing becomes a problem. So the only way is to give him another chance
to say what he needs to say in evidence-in-chief on the assumption that
between Mr Hassan Almenoar and him, there is no more prejudice in terms of
representing him.

Chua: Yes, Your Honour. I’ve got no issues with that.

Court: Okay.

Chua: He just has to---Mr Almenoar has to---

Court: So then we need Mr Almenoar to check with him now.

Chua: Yes.

16 As Mr Hassan also agreed with that approach, I stood down for ten minutes
for Mr Hassan to take instructions from the accused. Mr Hassan then raised an
additional problem that the conduct of the cross-examination of the
Prosecution witnesses by previous counsel would be compromised as well. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 42 lines 11 to 16.

Then I said that such deficient representation could be remedied by recalling
those Prosecution witnesses to be further cross-examined by Mr Hassan. In a
sense, it would be a new retrial in a limited way in the present proceedings.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 42 line 17 to pg 43 line 7.

The DPP agreed that was the most practical solution at this point to avoid a
retrial. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 31 August 2021 pg 43 lines 18 to 28.

17 As Mr Hassan had to take further instructions from the accused on his
allegations of inadequate representation which might have prejudiced the
cross-examination of the Prosecution witnesses and the accused’s examination-
in-chief after his defence was called, this issue had to be deferred to a
later date. Meanwhile, I proceeded to hear evidence of a psychiatrist Mr
Munidasa Winslow (“Mr Winslow”) called by the defence. After Mr Winslow’s
evidence was completed, Mr Hassan said that that was the case for the defence
except for the few other things that were outstanding, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 8 lines 3 and 4.

namely, the issue of inadequate representation.

18 Since the DPP wanted to call Babu as a Prosecution witness to rebut
specific portions of the accused’s evidence under s 230 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 168, 2012 Rev Ed), 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 23 lines 25 to 28.

particularly to rebut the accused’s evidence that Babu told him there was one
packet ordered and not three, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 24 lines 7 to 11.

I ruled against the objection of Ms Chitra that the Prosecution was not
entitled to call Babu as a rebuttal witness in the case. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 31 lines 9 to 20.

I proceeded immediately to hear Babu’s evidence-in-chief to avoid further
delays to the trial. After Babu’s evidence-in-chief in rebuttal was completed,
Mr Hassan was supposed to cross-examine Babu but he was not ready to do so. Mr
Hassan needed to take instructions and requested the cross-examination of Babu
to be deferred to the next tranche of the trial. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 52 lines 13 to 17.

19 Before the trial was adjourned to the next tranche, the DPP raised the
matter of allowing the accused the opportunity to give evidence-in-chief
again, out of recognition of the prejudice to his defence due to inadequate
representation by his previous counsel. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 52 line 28 to 32.

The DPP resiled from his previous position (after having reviewed it) and now
submitted that the accused should not be allowed to give evidence-in-chief
again on the basis of the allegedly inadequate representation that had
compromised his defence unless that inadequate representation had first been
proved as a fact by the accused. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 53 lines 1 to 24.

To do that, the DPP said that the accused’s allegations pertaining to
inadequate representation should be set out in an affidavit by the accused and
his previous counsel should have the opportunity to reply. The previous
counsel should also be made to give evidence to determine whether or not the
previous counsel’s representation was in fact inadequate, and the court would
have to make a finding of fact on that before the accused would be allowed to
have a second bite of the cherry in giving his evidence-in-chief for a second
time. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 53 line 27 to pg 54 line 15.

I agreed with the DPP that it would be very “messy” if the accused were
allowed to redo his examination-in-chief without first having proved that his
previous counsel’s representation was inadequate, to which the DPP added that
it was unfortunate but as a matter of principle, the court should not simply
give the accused the benefit of doubt that there was inadequate
representation. The DPP submitted that the court would have to determine one
way or another whether the accused’s allegations were correct or not before he
is given a second bite. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 55 lines 4 to 20.

That would mean having to conduct a lengthy ancillary hearing on the issue of
inadequate or deficient legal representation (including on whether the
accused’s instructions were carried out) and then making a finding after
hearing submissions. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 55 lines 24 to 31.

I was reluctant to embark on an ancillary hearing and would have preferred to
allow a simple recall of the accused to testify on those matters that he said
were left out because instructions to his previous counsel were not carried
out by his counsel. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 59 line 20 to pg 60 line 22.

20 However, I decided to follow the course of action the DPP had proposed, ie,
to hold an ancillary hearing. I asked counsel to ascertain once more whether
the accused was indeed complaining about deficient representations and if so,
to set the accused’s complaints out in an affidavit properly and serve the
affidavit on his previous counsel, who may then respond on affidavit. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 62 lines 5 to 27.

Thereafter, an ancillary hearing would be held with oral evidence being given
and witnesses being cross-examined accordingly.

Ancillary hearing on inadequate legal representation

21 An ancillary hearing was thus held to determine if the accused’s
allegations of inadequate legal representation were borne out. The accused
waived his legal privilege in relation to his instructions to his previous
counsel for the purposes of the ancillary hearing. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 6 October 2021 pg 9 line 31 to page 12 line 18.

22 The following witnesses testified at the ancillary hearing:

For the Accused  
---  
1| The accused (His affidavit was affirmed on 20 January 2022.)| 1T-CW1  
2| Mr Bachoo Mohan Singh (“Mr Bachoo Mohan”)| 1T-CW2  
3| Ms Siroshini Sivaperumal (“Ms Siroshini”)| 1T-CW3  
4| Mr Sunil | 1T-CW4  
5| Ms Kavitha Gopyhadhan (“Ms Kavitha”)| 1T-CW5  
For Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker  
1| Mr Johan (His affidavit was affirmed on 10 April 2022.)| RW1  
2| Mr Revi Shanker (His affidavit was affirmed on 11 April 2022.)| RW2  
3| Mr Tiwary| RW3  
  
Complaints of the accused and his evidence

23 In the affidavit filed for the purpose of the ancillary hearing (the
“accused’s affidavit”), the accused complained that his previous counsel had
refused to follow his instructions on the following matters: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Affidavit of Haridass s/o Mohan affirmed on 20 January 2022 (the “accused’s
affidavit”) at para 6.

(a) his defence;

(b) the involvement of his co-accused, Babu;

(c) cross-examination of the Prosecution witnesses;

(d) his examination-in-chief; and

(e) his previous counsel’s improper engagement with the co-accused counsel and
his family members.

24 The accused alleged that his previous counsel failed to: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

The accused’s affidavit at para 53.

(a) take full instructions on his defence;

(b) render independent legal advice to him;

(c) determine what the Prosecution’s case against him was;

(d) provide him with the Agreed Bundle and opening address on time;

(e) address his concerns; and

(f) refrain from discussing his defence with the co-accused’s counsel.

25 The accused felt that his previous counsel did not run his defence in the
way he wanted it. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 42 lines 4 to 9.

In the course of the accused’s lengthy evidence-in-chief during the ancillary
hearing, the accused’s complaints were distilled to ten specific complaints as
set out below.

26 Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker deny the allegations made by the accused in
his affidavit, in particular, those set out in Appendix 1 of the accused’s
affidavit including the ten specific complaints that the accused alluded to in
his evidence-in-chief.

Complaint No 1 – Accused’s further statement dated 6 February 2015 made to the
Investigating Officer not admitted into evidence as instructed

27 The accused complained that his previous counsel did not follow his
instructions to lead evidence during his evidence-in-chief to highlight the
fact that he had made a further voluntary statement on 6 February 2015 (“6
February Statement”) to the Investigating Officer Mr Shafiq Basheer (“IO”).
The accused wanted the 6 February Statement admitted into evidence so that the
accused could explain in court why he had given this statement implicating
Babu which was different from (a) his earlier handwritten statement where he
stated to the contrary that Babu was not involved; and (b) his statement to
the Senior Assistant Registrar (“PTC Judge”) at the Pre-Trial Conference
(“PTC”) in December 2014 that Babu was not involved.

28 The accused wanted to have all the circumstances that eventually led him to
provide the 6 February Statement to be admitted in evidence so that the court
could better understand why he had changed his story in relation to Babu’s
involvement. He wanted to be able to testify that Babu had pressured him into
making a further statement to the IO to say that he (ie, Babu) was not
involved. That was why at the December 2014 PTC, the accused said that Babu
was not involved. As a result, the PTC judge directed a further statement to
be taken to confirm the accused’s position. But when the further statement was
eventually taken on 6 February 2015 some two months later, the accused changed
his mind and did not follow through with his earlier story to the PTC judge.
Instead, the accused told the truth to the IO to say that Babu was in fact
involved and to state that it was fear and pressure from Babu, which caused
him to say that Babu was not involved on previous occasions. More
specifically, the accused wanted his further statement to the IO admitted into
evidence to show that he had in fact mentioned that Babu had pressured him
into making earlier statements that his co-accused was never involved. This
was not done by his previous counsel.

29 After having provided his 6 February Statement, the accused maintained that
Babu was involved in subsequent PTCs. He stood by that story. In other words,
the only time his story was different was earlier in December 2014.

30 I asked the accused to explain what happened between December 2014 and
February 2015 that caused him to change his story from not implicating the co-
accused (not being the Babu whom he dealt with) to one that implicated the co-
accused as the Babu whom he dealt with in the drug transaction. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 14 line 26 to pg 21 line 6.

31 The accused explained that during that period, he was unrepresented. Other
inmates had advised the accused that Babu was trying to make the accused take
the rap and put the blame entirely on the accused. He had thought about it.
The accused came to the realisation that Babu was using him and was trying to
play him out. He then decided to come out with the truth in his 6 February
Statement. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 21 lines 7 to 28.

Circumstances after the 6 February Statement leading to the appointment and
subsequent discharge of Mr Manoj, and the creation of the accused’s
handwritten statement on 3 March 2016 that exonerated Babu

32 Although the accused did not tell Babu that he had implicated him in his 6
February Statement, the accused did inform other inmates. The accused said it
was very frustrating to be inside the prison all alone. When people showed him
concern and asked about him, he ended up telling them that he had implicated
Babu because there was no one else to speak to. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 25 lines 1 to 12.

33 The accused explained that Babu kept pressurising him and kept telling him
to do various things. The accused suspected that Babu realised that the
accused had incriminated him in the 6 February Statement either after Babu had
obtained the bundle of documents or after his lawyer told him about it. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 24 lines 8 to 23.

34 The accused said that his girlfriend Ms Kavitha used to visit him every
day. Then he realised that she was seeing another inmate caught for a drug-
related matter. Babu told the accused that when he had a face-to-face visit
with his family, he noticed Ms Kavitha meeting another inmate for a face-to-
face meeting. The accused also heard from his own family that Ms Kavitha was
seeing someone. Apparently, Ms Kavita was having an affair with that inmate
but the accused did not know about it at that time. The accused learnt about
it later in prison after he was told of it by Babu and the accused’s family
members. Another inmate at a video link PTC informed the accused that Babu
told him that the accused’s girlfriend had two-timed the accused. Upon hearing
that at that point of time, the accused was so heartbroken that he in fact
cried. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 26 line 16 to page 29 line 20.

The accused became depressed over what his girlfriend had done. He was on
medication for his depression. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 65 lines 16 to 25.

The accused said: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 30 lines 6 to 15.

\---I started to listen to what Babu said. I said okay. Babu wants me to take
the rap and just die, right? Take the rap and then---and that’s when I started
having suicidal thoughts, Your Honour. I told myself I’m going to die anyway.
I’ll just take the rap and do whatever they ask me to do, and just get on with
it. And that’s when I started talking a lot of nonsense, Your Honour. …

…

And because he told me discharge your lawyer, I said I’ll discharge my lawyer
and just take the rap and just go to the ultimate of dying, Your Honour, for
this charge.

35 Mr Manoj came to represent the accused subsequently on 14 July 2015. But he
was discharged by the accused sometime in November 2015 because Babu told him
to do so. The last time Mr Manoj saw the accused was on 12 November 2015. I
asked the accused to explain the circumstances that led him to follow Babu’s
instructions to discharge Mr Manoj when the accused was not unhappy with Mr
Manoj as his counsel. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 23 line 29 to pg 24 line 4.

36 The accused said that he had suicidal thoughts. He discharged his lawyer on
Babu’s instructions. He also did not want to speak to the IO or any lawyer and
decided that he would just take the rap and carry on with what Babu wanted him
to say or do. He would speak to Babu’s lawyer so that he could give him a
statement to get Babu off. He would do everything that Babu wanted. That was
what he told Babu when they met at one of the video link PTCs. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 30 line 16 to pg 31 line 13.

37 As the accused had said in that PTC that he wanted to see Babu’s lawyer,
Babu told him to write in so that his lawyer could see him. So, in that very
month after the PTC, the accused filled up a lawyer interview form to request
to meet Babu’s counsel, Mr Tiwary. The co-accused’s counsel made a booking to
visit the unrepresented accused on 28 December 2015. But that was cancelled.
Mr Tiwary eventually made a tele-visit to the accused in prison on 21 January
2016. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 34 line 12 to page 37 line 10.

According to the accused, he and Mr Tiwary started off with a casual
conversation. The accused said: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 37 lines 20 to 25.

Mr Tiwary told me that he had come to take a statement from me. And before
that, we just had a casual conversation. The lawyer told me, ‘I know Babu is
involved. But I’m his lawyer. You have said that you will make---you will be
giving a statement, so let’s do your statement.’ Then I told the counsel, Mr
Tiwary, I heard that Babu has made a statement, but I don’t see is statement
in the bundle [committal bundle].

The accused further said: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 38 lines 1 to 6.

I said, ‘I have made all my statements and now you want Babu out. If you want
Babu out, let me have a look at his statements first,’ I told Mr Tiwary that.
Mr Tiwary then told me, ‘I can’t do that, but I can pass over Babu’s
statements to him and how he wants to hand over to you, within the prison
ward, I leave that to you both.’ So that interview ended as that, Your Honour,
and there was a subsequent interview.

38 Mr Tiwary visited the accused a second time on 25 January 2016 to interview
him. It was ascertained to be another tele-visit. Mr Tiwary asked what
happened on the day of the accused’s arrest. The accused narrated to him what
happened. He told Mr Tiwary the truth about Babu’s involvement and that Babu
was his boss (ie, for the drug transactions). However, the accused also said
to Mr Tiwary that he had asked him for Babu’s statement and why did Mr Tiwary
not give to him. Mr Tiwary replied that he could not give Babu’s statement to
the accused and that the accused had to ask Babu for that. The interview ended
with the accused not giving any statement to Mr Tiwary because the accused had
not received Babu’s statement as he had requested. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 39 line 31 to pg 42 line 5.

During that visit, Mr Tiwary also told the accused as follows: “You---let’s
get Babu out of the picture. Once Babu is out of the picture, then I can
represent you”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 42 lines 11 and 12.

The accused understood the words “out of the picture” to mean that the charge
against Babu would be dropped and Babu would go out a free man. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 42 lines 19 to 20.

Mr Tiwary also told the accused: “After you give me the statement, don’t do
anything else, just remain as it is. Don’t say anything else.” 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 43 lines 23 and 24.

Mr Tiwary also said to the accused: “Look, Hari, you have given statements A,
B and C. There should not be a D statement, otherwise they will say that you
are inconsistent.” 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 42 lines 25 to 27.

The accused understood Mr Tiwary to be saying that he should not make any
further statements to the IO after he had given his statement to Mr Tiwary. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 47 lines 26 to 30.

39 Somehow Babu had gotten wind of the accused’s conversation with Mr Tiwary
that the accused was requesting for Babu’s statement from Mr Tiwary. Babu
subsequently confronted the accused and said, “Why are you asking for my
statement? I already you whatever I said. You know, you agree to make a
statement, just make that statement. Why are you asking for my statement?” 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 40 line 31 to pg 41 line 8.

According to the accused, Babu’s motive was to get out of the charge totally
and then he would use his lawyer Mr Tiwary to represent the accused. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 42 lines 13 to 14.

40 During a face-to-face meeting with Mr Tiwary in prison on 2 April 2016, the
accused handed to Mr Tiwary a handwritten statement dated 3 March 2016
(“handwritten statement”) telling him that this was the statement that his
client wanted and he had written it. The accused did not tell Mr Tiwary that
he had produced his handwritten statement by copying it from another document
that had been handed to him by Babu. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 48 line 23 to pg 53 line 12.

41 The last visit by Mr Tiwary was 15 April 2016. At this tele-visit, the
accused recalled the following: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 63 lines 23 to 29.

Mr Tiwary told me, ‘Okay, Hari, I’ve gotten your statement. For now, we will
just use the statement and try to resolve the issue at hand and then later we
will see.’ Then I told Mr Ramesh Tiwary, “Even if things get resolved, I don’t
want you to represent me. I will get another lawyer.

42 The accused went on to say:

After that I left the room and asked Babu to go in. So it was his time to
visit Mr Tiwary. But after Babu went into the cubicle, I didn’t go back to my
cell. I waited at the holding room, just outside the cubicle. Beside the door.
I could clearly hear the conversation between Babu and his counsel. I heard Mr
Tiwary telling Babu, ‘I’ve gotten the statement. I’ve gone to see the DPP and
they have agreed to charge you for possession.’ When I heard this, I got very
angry and I got up and it’s a screen like this, Your Honour, where I can see
them. So, I---I knocked on the glass and I told Babu, ‘I thought you didn’t
have anything to do with it so now why is this possession that you are going
to be charged with possession?’ Then Babu told me to go away and he will talk
to me later. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 63 line 30 to pg 64 line 8.

After he spoke to his counsel, he came out and we both were in the holding
room. We were seated next to each other, side-by-side. I told him, ‘You told
me that you have nothing to do with this. I don’t even know what is in your
statements. You are going in for possession because there were five packets
found in the Toa Payoh residence. And my DNA has been found on those items as
well in the Toa Payoh residence. If someone were to ask you, how would you
explain my DNA being in those items?’ He said, ‘I’m your big brother, I’m your
Anneh. I’m definitely not going to squeak(?) on you. I will never mention your
name.’ 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 64 line 9 to 17.

…

[Babu] told me that he is my big brother. He asked me, ‘If they were to give
you life imprisonment, won’t you accept it?’ I said, ‘I won’t.’ He told me,
‘Don’t worry. Even if you were sent to the gallows, you will come out of it.’
When he told me that, I got very angry. Then I asked him, ‘Are you trying to
fix me up here?’ He told me, ‘Don’t worry, I know what story to tell.’ Then I
asked him, ‘I thought you said if I help you, you will get me a lawyer.’ He
told me that he was arranging and preparing for the monies and told me to just
hold on. And we left the holding room with that. And I subsequently got a
lawyer. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 64 line 21 to 30.

…

[The lawyer was] Mr Bachoo Mohan Singh. And this was arranged by Babu’s
family. And when this counsel came to see me, he said some lady came to pay
fee in his office and asked me why I had appointed him. I explained to Mr
Bachoo what happened, what happened on the 11th of September, the day of
arrest, and the whole story and that I had made a statement to the lawyer.
Then Mr Bachoo turned around and told me, ‘If you want to die, then you
continue doing what you have done.’ Since as a senior counsel, he was advising
me that, I told him I was doing all these because of the pressure I was
getting from Babu. Then Mr Bachoo said, ‘If you want me to help you, then you
have to tell me the truth.’ Then I told Mr Bachoo, ‘If I were to tell the
truth, my family doesn’t have the means to engage you. But if I were to tell
things to help him, then he will pay you your fee.’ That’s all I told Mr
Bachoo. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 65 lines 3 to 14.

43 The accused said that he slowly came to the realisation that Babu was
“play[ing] him out” because he heard from some others that Babu had mentioned
him in his statement though he never saw Babu’s statement. The accused’s
family was also “sort of leaving” him. With the help of medication for
depression, he saw things more clearly, and did not harbour thoughts of ending
his life. He thought things through and that was when he decided that he was
not going to let Babu “play [him] out”. The realisation struck him during the
tele-visit of 15 April 2016 when he overheard the conversation between Babu
and his lawyer, Mr Tiwary, that Babu was going to get away with possession and
that “things [were] going to change”. That was when he came to the realisation
that Babu had used him and was going to “fix [him] up”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 66 lines 9 to 26.

Complaint No 2 – Handwritten statement of the accused dated 3 March 2016 not
admitted into evidence as instructed

44 The handwritten statement 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Exhibit 1T-C1.

signed by the accused was tendered in evidence at the ancillary hearing. In
the statement, the accused mentioned amongst other things that:

(a) The Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers told him to cooperate with
them and made him say that Babu was the one who gave him the drugs. Otherwise,
they would send him to the gallows. He did as he was instructed as he was
scared.

(b) The statement he gave to the CNB officers was false as he was induced and
threatened by the CNB officers many times.

(c) On 2 December 2014, he told the court during his video-link hearing that
Babu was not involved and he was working for a Malaysian boss by the name of
“Boy” as he was in debt.

(d) He wanted to tell the truth now and confess that Babu was innocent. Babu
had nothing to do with the drug activity.

45 The accused instructed his previous counsel to adduce as evidence his
handwritten statement that exonerated Babu but they did not do so during his
examination-in-chief. He wanted to have the opportunity to explain the
circumstances that led him to make the handwritten statement and to give that
to Babu’s counsel. He wanted the court to know the full picture. He wanted to
testify that he produced the handwritten statement due to the fear and the
pressure that Babu was applying on him since 2014. To enable the accused to
prepare the handwritten statement, Babu forwarded to the accused a folded note
from which the accused was to copy the contents. The accused adhered to Babu’s
instructions. The accused testified that the contents were written by him but
whatever was there in the contents was what Babu wanted him to say. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 49 lines 12 and 13.

The accused prepared the handwritten statement in his cell. He flushed the
folded note down the toilet after he finished copying from it because Babu had
told him to get rid of it once the accused had finished with it. Furthermore,
if he was caught with it by the prison officers doing their checks, there
would be issues according to the accused. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 49 lines 18 to 23; 25 May 2022 pg 6 lines 7 to 10.

46 The accused insisted that he had made clear to his previous counsel the
reasons why he wanted his handwritten statement to be produced in court
despite the fact that it implicated the accused and exonerated Babu. To his
previous counsel, it obviously made no sense to adduce an incriminating
statement as evidence. His previous counsel might not have fully grasped the
underlying reason as to why the accused simply wanted to explain to the court
that he had good reasons for his earlier different position exonerating Babu
and his later position implicating Babu in the offence, just so that the
accused could demonstrate to the court why he should not be treated or brushed
aside as a witness who could not be believed due to his differing stances. The
accused testified that: “If this statement did not go in, then I will make---
be made to look like a liar. So I insisted that this handwritten statement has
to go in.” 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 26 May 2022 pg 17 lines 14 to 16.

When the accused insisted on putting into evidence his handwritten statement,
the accused testified that his previous counsel told him, “no, … Mr Ramesh
Tiwary was not going [to] use the statement and so it will not be admitted. …
If we admit this statement, then we have to put Mr Tiwary on the stand and
question him. And how is that going to happen when Babu has paid him?”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 13 line 31 to pg 14 line 6.

The accused further testified that his previous counsel had also told him:
“Ramesh is not using that statement so there’s no need for it. So we’ll just
leave it alone.” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 26 May 2022 pg 18 lines 7 to 9.

His previous counsel (apparently referring more specifically to Mr Johan)
would say: “I am your lawyer. You have to listen to me. You don’t tell me what
to do. I know what to do.” 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 21 lines 28 and 29.

, “You think you’re very smart? Then you defend yourself. You want to
discharge me? Go ahead.” 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 22 lines 18 to 20.

And “I’m your lead counsel; you listen to what I tell you.” 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 27 lines 1 to 3.

Whatever the accused insisted, they would show their tantrums to him. For
instance, Mr Johan would throw down his pen or raise his voice. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 21 line 29 to pg 22 line 22.

Besides Mr Johan would speak to him in a very arrogant and rude manner
whenever he spoke to him. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 26 lines 14 and 15.

He had also complained about Mr Johan’s overbearing conduct in Tamil to Mr
Revi Shanker, who would listen and calm the accused down. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 27 line 27 to pg 28 line 5.

In short, the accused’s repeated requests to have his handwritten statement
admitted were brushed aside by his previous counsel. The accused felt that his
previous counsel were not really trying to help him. He felt that his previous
counsel were reluctant to believe him or do as he told them to do.

47 The accused also mentioned that he had also shown his handwritten statement
to Mr Sunil 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 15 lines 5 to 18.

and told him that he wanted his handwritten statement to be admitted as
evidence. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 15 line 19 to pg 16 line 2.

Mr Sunil told him that if the accused wanted to use the statement, then Mr
Tiwary could not act for Babu. As Mr Tiwary was his friend, he could not do
this. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 15 lines 8 to 18.

When he insisted that he wanted his handwritten statement to be in, Mr Sunil
told him that as Mr Tiwary was his friend, he could not do this, and then, Mr
Sunil discharged himself. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 16 lines 9 to 12.

48 However, I note that part of the evidence of the accused in relation to Mr
Sunil is contradicted by Mr Sunil who testified that he received no express
instructions from the accused to admit the handwritten statement. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 11 lines 13 to 18.

Previous counsel advising the accused to exonerate Babu in exchange for his
support at the trial

49 It also appeared to the accused that something else was happening in the
background as there was a point of time when Mr Revi Shanker told him: “Look
here, I’ve spoken to Mr Tiwary and Mr Tiwary says we should do this”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 28 lines 22 and 23.

Mr Revi Shanker said that Mr Tiwary had told him to ask the accused to let
Babu go, take the rap and Babu would help the accused. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 28 lines 25 to 27.

The accused further remembered that in one tele-visit, Mr Revi Shanker told
the accused not to mention Babu’s name and that Babu would help him. The
accused testified that:

I told Mr Revi Shanker, ‘None of Babu’s statements are in the bundle, and it’s
not admitted, and then now you’re telling me that he’s going to help me. How
are you sure of this?’ Then he told me, ‘Only if you do this, it’s good for
you.’ To me, it sounded---it was absurd to me, because he’s supposed to be my
lawyer, and he was listening to the co-accused’s lawyer, and I felt that he
was not doing me justice. I told Mr Revi Shanker to look at the statement
properly, to look at Babu’s statement properly to say that Babu is not going
to help me. The statement clearly shows Babu will not help me. So I told him
to look at the statement properly. What Babu actually wanted was to get out
scot-free, otherwise, get a minimum sentence. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 72 line 22 to pg 73 line 3.

…

He told me that in my statement, it’s not clearly stated how many bundles I
had expected and how many bundles I was to take. It’s not clear there how many
bundles I was to take and to store. So at that point of time, Babu was still
denying the charge, and Babu was not opening his mouth. Essentially, what my
counsel was telling mo---me was, ‘Okay. You admit to having to collect one
bundle. We’ll go with that one bundle. Once Babu goes out, he will come there
and say that---Babu will’---once Babu goes out, he will come back as a witness
to say I had actually ordered only one. Somewhere, another two extra came. He
would come and testify that. But it was as if I was the one who made all the
orders and did all the arrangements. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 73 lines 8 to 17.

50 When the accused informed his previous counsel of his defence that he was
not expecting to collect two extra packets but was assisting to collect only
one packet, his previous counsel gave the accused one solution: “If you do
like what has been told to you to do, you will get support from Babu.” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 30 lines 19 to 21.

The accused explained as follows:

In essence, Your Honour, Babu would have become my witness to say that I and
Boy were involved in this and that Boy had asked for payment for one bundle
and mistakenly two bundles had come. He would come to testify that in my
favour. I felt that this was happening behind my back, this---this scheme was
going on to get Babu out of the picture and Babu would help me in this manner.
But I would be the scapegoat. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 30 lines 23 to 29.

51 His previous counsel (and mainly Mr Revi Shanker) advised him: “It’s your
life. Why you put your life at stake? Or and why but must both of you all
fight over it? Let one person go and somehow he will help you to escape the
gallows.” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 31 lines 2 to 8.

Mr Revi Shanker told the accused: “If you do as I say, then definitely you
won’t face the gallows. You’ll only get punishment.” 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 31 lines 20 to 21.

At another part of the accused’s evidence, the accused said that Mr Revi
Shanker had told him: “Ramesh says don’t pull Babu into this. Babu has got
nothing to do with this. This is all yours. Leave him out of this. He will
come out and help you.” 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 54 lines 16 to 18.

Mr Johan put to the accused in cross-examination that all of that did not
happen (ie, Mr Revi Shanker did not say those things to the accused) to which
the accused disagreed. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 55 lines 15 to 21.

The accused was worried about discharging his previous counsel due to numerous
changes of counsel

52 How the multiple changes of legal counsel representing the accused for the
capital trial affected the accused was explored when the accused gave his
evidence at the ancillary hearing.

53 Even before Mr Johan was engaged to defend the accused, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 62 lines 1 and 2.

the accused recalled bring told at a PTC by one of the PTC judges that “If you
keep changing like this, we may not even end up assigning you a lawyer and you
would have to do the case yourself.” 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 61 lines 2 to 8.

The accused felt all this was against him. He felt there was nothing else he
could do and he had no one else to turn to for advice. He was therefore afraid
to discharge Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker and had to hang on to them because
he was worried that he might end up having to defend himself after the
numerous changes of counsel. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 60 lines 4 to 12.

54 It was put to the accused by Mr Johan that the accused was well-advised
about this handwritten letter, which bore an admission of the accused and the
accused instructed his previous counsel not to admit this letter 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 10 lines 21 to 23.

. The accused disagreed to having been advised against having the letter
admitted because it incriminated him. The accused testified that all they told
him was that Mr Tiwary was not using this statement, so he did not have to
worry about it. The accused said, however, that he had told his previous
counsel: “Even if Tiwary is not using it, it’s important to me. I want it
admitted.” 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 13 lines 1 to 4.

55 The accused clarified that when Mr Johan told him that Mr Tiwary was not
using the statement, he kept quiet because he could not talk to Mr Johan but
was not happy. He never said he was agreeable to not having the statement
admitted, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 13 lines 16 to 17.

thus essentially denying the put question that he had explicitly given his
instruction not to admit the handwritten statement of his. He further
disagreed with the put questions that he was very happy and relieved upon
hearing Mr Johan tell him that Mr Tiwary was not using the statement, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 19 lines 1 to 10; pg 20 lines 21 to 23.

and that he was at peace and was prepared to have the statement not being used
at all by counsel. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 31 line 21 to pg 32 line 16.

At another part of the cross-examination by Mr Johan, it was further put that
Mr Johan told the accused that the DPP also would not be using it. Again the
accused disagreed. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 32 lines 17 to 22.

Complaint No 3 – Babu’s statement not admitted into evidence as instructed

56 During cross-examination by Mr Johan, the accused testified that Babu’s
statements were given to him by his previous solicitor Mr Sunil, who was his
solicitor prior to Mr Johan. The accused agreed that Babu’s statement
incriminated him. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 3 line 28 to pg 4 line 9.

When asked if he was angry after reading Babu’s statement, the accused said he
was heartbroken 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 33 line 25.

and that his relationship with Babu “came to nothing” because Babu had stated
in the statement that (a) he was the one who introduced Boy to the accused;
(b) the accused was involved with drug activities with Boy, who was the
accused’s drug supplier; and (c) the accused in turn supplied Babu with drugs
for his consumption whereas he (ie, Babu) had nothing to do with it (ie, the
drugs in this case). 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 34 lines 11 to pg 35 line 20.

Babu further stated in his statement that the accused mentioned Babu’s name
because of threats and inducements from the CNB officers. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 34 lines 14 to 16.

57 The accused complained that the accused’s previous counsel failed to follow
his instructions to adduce Babu’s statement. His previous counsel could have
admitted Babu’s statement during the Prosecution’s case through the IO and/or
interpreter who were present at the recording of Babu’s statement.

58 The accused wanted Babu’s statement to be admitted as evidence to show that
his handwritten statement closely mirrored Babu’s statement. When questioned,
he could then explain how he came to write the handwritten statement and the
court would then know the role that Babu played. After realising that Babu was
making use of him to escape totally and let him take the rap, he no longer
wanted to allow Babu to manipulate him anymore and decided that he wanted to
live. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 25 lines 7 to 14.

He wanted the court to have a full picture of what happened. The accused
insisted that a comparison of the two statements was needed to buttress the
accused’s evidence that Babu had given the accused a written document and
instructed the accused to copy it to produce a statement in the accused’s own
handwriting. If Babu had not given those instructions, the contents of the
accused’s handwritten statement could not have closely tracked the contents of
Babu’s statement to the CNB officers. The accused had that strategy in mind.
However, his previous counsel told him that Babu’s statement was not in the
Agreed Bundle and the Prosecution was not using Babu’s statement. Accordingly,
there was no need for it. Mr Johan told him that when Babu was on the stand,
they would hear oral evidence from him.

59 In cross-examination, Mr Johan put to the accused that he did not tell Mr
Johan to put Babu’s statement into evidence in court, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 48 lines 20 to 26; pg 49 lines 1 to 14; NE 27 May 2022 pg 50
lines 24 and 25.

or ask Mr Johan to put Babu’s statement in the greed bundle, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 50 lines 15 and 16.

to which the accused disagreed.

Complaint No 4 – Accused’s handwritten comments on the call logs in the Agreed
Bundle not dealt with

60 The fourth complaint concerns the previous counsel’s failure to follow
through with the accused’s instructions to admit into evidence a handwritten
document wherein the accused had written down what he could remember of the
various calls based on the call logs in the Agreed Bundle. The accused wanted
to show to some degree of detail the relationship between himself and Babu.
According to the accused, the call logs contained the following: 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 57 line 27 to pg 58 line 17.

(a) There was a particular message which showed that Babu was in communication
with one Alan, who was a customer of Babu’s, and who was coming to collect the
drugs.

(b) The messages would also show that Alan apparently went missing after
collecting the drugs, but that Alan was still in communication with Babu.

(c) One message showed that Alan said he would pay the money owing. The
accused told his previous counsel to look at the sequence of the messages, and
to look at them to see how much drugs that Alan had ordered and was receiving
from Babu.

61 According to the accused, the call records would also show that in his
first transaction, he had dealt with two bundles and that Babu had given him
certain specific instructions that Babu had ordered two packets of drugs which
he asked the accused to collect. The call records would also show that there
were three or four drug transactions. The accused further testified that the
call records would demonstrate that all the earlier transactions had always
involved one or two packets, and that the “regular customer” was always Alan.
For the last transaction, Alan had simply taken the drugs before going
missing. The accused said he had told all of this to his previous lawyers. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 58 lines 19 to 30.

62 The accused further explained as follows: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 58 line 31 to pg 59 line 6.

I asked my lawyers to look into the reason why if Babu had been ordering only
one or two packets, why the need to order three and why Alan being the regular
customer for these drugs would take the drugs and go missing, and why would
there be a need for Babu to order three packets. My defence has always been
that I expected only one bundle to come, but suddenly there were three bundles
and I know that Babu said he only ordered one. And how three bundles came
about, I didn’t know. That’s always been my defence.

63 The accused testified that he had given the document he prepared in
relation to the call logs to his previous counsel and asked them to admit it
into evidence, but Mr Johan dismissed it as “rubbish”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 41 lines 8 to 20; 45 lines 3 to 6.

Mr Revi Shanker reassured the accused, saying: “It’s okay when you go on the
stand, I will have this admitted in Court.” 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 41 lines 22 to 24.

The accused complained that, however, when he went on the stand, Mr Revi
Shanker never did what he had promised to do.

64 The accused described the difficult situation he faced as follows: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 43 lines 4 to 19.

And with---the manner in which Mr Johan Ismail conducted himself, showing his
tantrum and anger to me, I didn’t want to aggravate the situation and make him
more angry. What if he discharged himself? Then I will not have a lawyer to
represent myself.

…

So it’s so difficult to approach Mr Johan. And then---

…

Mr Revi Shanker came into the picture, I told him all that I could not tell Mr
Johan, I told Mr Revi Shanker.

…

And Mr Revi Shanker said ‘Don’t worry, we’ll do it, we’ll do it’ but at the
end---in the end, both don’t end up doing it.

…

And Mr Revi Shanker is well-aware that every time we have an interview
together, Mr Johan and I end up in an argument.

Complaint No 5 – Procuring the call logs of three telephone numbers not
carried out as instructed

65 The fifth complaint is about the previous counsel’s failure to follow the
accused’s instructions to obtain the call logs of: (a) two local telephone
numbers 84790320 and 84322980 (one of which was the phone number of Babu’s
girlfriend, Ms Siti Suriayanti binte Ali (“Ms Suriayanti”), and the other was
Babu’s); and (2) one Malaysian telephone number 60149817958. Babu used to
communicate with the accused using the Malaysian telephone number when he was
in Malaysia and this was the same number that Babu used to communicate with
Boy. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 36 line 8 to pg 40 line 5.

The accused said that one of the telephone numbers belonging to Babu which he
provided was not discovered during investigations. The accused explained that
the purpose of the call logs was to evidence communication between Babu and
the other person in Malaysia which would prove that Babu was “very involved”.
The accused testified that Babu’s involvement in drugs began even before the
accused’s own involvement, ie, before the “Hari Raya period at that point of
time”, and that Babu’s phone records would demonstrate this. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE, 25 May 2022, pg 36 lines 15 to 21.

66 The previous counsel’s response in their submissions was that no
instructions at all were received from the accused in relation to obtaining
the call logs. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Submissions of Johan Ismail & Revi Shanker dated 13 October 2022 (“Previous
counsel’s submissions”) at paras 10.5.2 and 12.8; see also NE 12 September
2022 pg 69 line 26 to pg 70 line 3.

Complaint No 6 – Failure to extract the CCTV camera footages as instructed

67 The sixth complains pertains to the accused’s counsel’s failure to obtain
certain closed circuit television (“CCTV”) camera footages, despite the
accused’s instructions to do so. As the accused found it easier to communicate
with Mr Revi Shanker than with Mr Johan, he instructed Mr Revi Shanker to
obtain the CCTV camera footages of the lift landing on the 11th floor of the
Toa Payoh flat and the lift landings on the 7th and 8th floor of the
Commonwealth flat. Mr Revi Shanker’s initial response was that he would go
back and look into it. But when Mr Revi Shanker came back and the accused
raised the subject of the CCTV camera footages again, he told the accused all
that was not necessary and said, “What you have should be enough”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 46 line 10 to pg 47 line 12; see also NE 26 May 2022 pg 37
lines 7 to 28.

The accused complained that in essence, Mr Revi Shanker did not do anything
about the CCTV camera footages although the accused had insisted on obtaining
them. To the accused, they appeared to be telling him not to bother about the
CCTV camera footages and just focus on what he already had. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 48 lines 20 to 23.

68 The accused said he could not express his unhappiness because his greatest
fear was that if he did so, his previous counsel might decide to discharge
themselves, to his prejudice. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 48 lines 29 to 31.

The accused, however, did show his frustration by repeatedly asking why they
could not find it or why it could not be done. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 49 lines 1 to 10.

69 Mr Johan denied this and testified that no such instructions were given by
the accused to obtain the CCTV footages. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Previous counsel’s submissions at para 12.7.2.

Complaint No 7 – Failure to respond to the accused’s queries on Ms Suriayanti

70 The seventh complaint pertains to the accused’s previous counsel’s failure
to respond to the accused’s queries about Ms Suriayanti. The accused asked his
previous counsel if charges were preferred against Ms Suriayanti (also known
as Farah to the accused), who was the girlfriend of Babu and whether any
statement was taken from her. The accused said that he needed to see her
statement. However, according to the accused, his previous counsel did not
respond to the accused. Neither did they make any effort to find out if she
had given any statement. Moreover, the accused said he had initially noticed
that Ms Suriayanti was listed as a witness of the Prosecution, and wanted his
previous counsel to find out why the Proecution was not interviewing Ms
Suriayanti; he said he wanted to find out “why was she seeing the defence
counsel and also if she is a [P]rosecution witness, she would know something
about the drugs”. Although the Prosecution did not call Ms Suriayanti as a
witness and his previous counsel advised that it was favourable to the accused
that she was not called, the accused nevertheless wanted to find out what was
in her statement. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 54 line 25 to page 57 line 9.

The accused could not accept his previous counsel’s advice because he thought
that her statement might be helpful to his defence. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 57 line 23.

71 The accused said that drugs were found in Ms Suriayanti’s house and she was
arrested for that. The accused also said that Ms Suriayanti: (a) was aware of
the drug dealings between the accused and Babu; (b) knew who “the boss” was;
(c) knew the role of the accused; and (d) was aware that the accused was
helping Babu out. She could therefore shed light about the accused’s role. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 51 line 30 to pg 52 line 4.

72 The previous counsel denied that the accused had given such instructions to
obtain Ms Suriayanti’s statement from the CNB. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Previous counsel’s submissions at para 10.7.1; see also NE 12 September 2022
pg 69 lines 1 to 7.

Complaint No 8 – Failure to find out what transpired between Ms Suriayanti and
the co-accused’s counsel

73 The accused informed his previous counsel that Ms Siti Suriayanti had
spoken to the co-accused’s counsel, Mr Tiwary. The accused asked his previous
counsel to find out what their conversation was all about or at least raise
the issue that such an incident had taken place. His previous counsel did not
respond to the accused on this request.

74 The previous counsel denied that the accused had given such instructions.
128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Affidavit of Johan Bin Ismail affirmed on 10 April 2022 (“Mr Johan’s
affidavit”) at para 70; Affidavit of A Revi Shanker K Annamalai affirmed on 11
April 2022 (“Mr Revi Shanker’s affidavit”) at para 61; Previous counsel’s
submissions at para 10.8.1.

Complaint No 9 – Inaccuracies in the accused’s long statements to the CNB
officers not properly dealt with

75 The accused told his previous counsel that there were certain omissions and
inaccuracies in his long statements to the CNB officers. The accused said that
his previous counsel did not advise him on how to deal with them, nor did they
cross-examine the IO on certain inaccuracies. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 60 lines 17 to 20.

76 When the accused was giving his evidence-in-chief, his previous counsel
failed to question him on some of the inaccuracies that he had brought to
their attention. The accused felt that his previous counsel did not question
him properly and bring out the accused’s reasoning for the inaccuracies. The
accused said that he had explained to them that things did not happen in the
way that was stated in the statement, and that he had told them how it
actually happened. His previous counsel seemed to disregard what he told them.
He sensed that they did not really take him seriously. According to the
accused, every time the accused pointed out some inaccuracies, his previous
counsel would dismiss him and say: “No, no need, go to the next one. This one
not necessary.” The accused found his previous counsel to be dismissive of
him. Accordingly, these inaccuracies in his statement were not properly dealt
with when he was on the witness stand. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 61 line 6 to pg 63 line 26.

77 One of the inaccuracies was in relation to Babu telling him what the drug
shipment was going to be like, what was the amount, how much to expect and how
much would be coming in. Another inaccuracy was that the statement had stated
that the accused only came to realise the quantity of drugs which actually
arrived after collecting the drugs. However, the accused testified that he had
not said it like that, and that was not how the events actually happened. The
accused also highlighted that there were inconsistencies in the statement in
relation to Babu ordering the bundles whilst he was in Singapore. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 60 line 21 to pg 61 line 5.

78 The accused said that there were also omissions from the statement. He had
told the IO about the earlier drug transactions that he had done for Babu, the
shipment quantity, how much Babu told him to collect and how much would come.
The accused had pointed out to his previous counsel that those pieces of
information were missing from his statement. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 64 lines 23 to 27.

79 The accused had instructed his previous counsel that he wanted to have a
chance in court to rectify the inaccuracies and omissions in his long
statements to the CNB officers.

80 In the previous counsel’s submissions, it was pointed out that the
accused’s affidavit failed to particularise which parts of his statements were
inaccurate and that these allegations were not put to the previous counsel
when they were cross-examined. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Previous counsel’s submissions at para 10.9.

Complaint No 10 – The Agreed Bundle was received very late

81 The accused complained that he received the Agreed Bundle very late. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE 25 May 2022 page 64 lines 5 to 8.

The Prosecution clarified that the Agreed Bundle was identical to the
Preliminary Inquiry (“PI”) bundle except that the service letters from pages 1
to 58 were taken out from the PI bundle when compiling the Agreed Bundle. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE 26 May 2022 page 43 lines 14 to 19.

82 The previous counsel stated in their affidavits that the Agreed Bundle was
received by them on 2 April 2019. A copy was immediately handed over to the
accused. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Mr Johan’s affidavit at para 73; Mr Revi Shanker’s affidavit at para 63.

Previous counsel asked the accused not to implicate Babu in his defence

83 During the ancillary hearing, the accused gave extensive evidence in
relation to the previous counsel’s improper conduct when they were
representing him.

84 According to the accused, his previous counsel had asked him to take
responsibility for all the three bundles of drugs, which were found in the
accused’s possession. They told the accused that if he were to take
responsibility as suggested, then the co-accused (ie, Babu) would give
evidence to say that he had ordered only one bundle (and not three bundles) of
drugs. Mr Revi Shanker also told the accused to say that the CNB officers had
induced the accused to implicate the co-accused in his statements.

85 The accused did not agree with his previous counsel’s various proposals as
the co-accused was involved and he did not feel it was at all fair that he
should take full responsibility for the drugs when the co-accused as the
mastermind would be totally exonerated. The accused did not agree to exonerate
the co-accused entirely by testifying that he was liaising with a different
person called Babu (who was not the co-accused) for the delivery of the drugs
to him.

86 The accused basically wanted the co-accused to support his defence that the
co-accused had only ordered one bundle of drugs and had arranged for delivery
of only one bundle (and not three bundles) of drugs to the accused. However,
the supplier inadvertently delivered three bundles of drugs to the accused. If
the accused were to help exonerate the co-accused by testifying that the co-
accused was not the Babu in question, then the accused believed that the co-
accused would be in no position to help him in turn by testifying that there
was an order of only one bundle of drugs.

87 The accused said that the co-accused’s counsel, Mr Tiwary, and his previous
counsel were all trying to persuade him to take full responsibility for the
three bundles of drugs to exonerate the co-accused. Mr Revi Shanker also
suggested that the co-accused would say that one bundle of drugs was ordered,
and that the co-accused would get other witnesses to say that the additional
two bundles of drugs were like “extras” not to be trafficked in.

88 The accused testified that his previous counsel had further informed him
that the co-accused’s counsel had told them that if the accused did not assist
the co-accused, then the co-accused would call at least five witnesses to give
evidence at the trial that the accused had ordered three bundles of drugs. On
this, the accused said that he felt that the threat emanated from the co-
accused, who relayed the threat his own counsel, Mr Tiwary, who in turn
informed the accused’s previous counsel, who in turn relayed it to him. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 93 lines 17 and 18.

However, the accused said he was not frightened by the threat because the
accused said that it did not happen (ie, he did not order three bundles of
drugs), 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 92 lines 30 and 31; pg 94 line 1.

and there would be no witnesses to come forward to say that he did. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 94 lines 8 to 10.

In other words, as far as the accused was concerned, he was not afraid as it
amounted to an empty threat because there could not possibly be five witnesses
who would come forward to testify that the accused in fact ordered three
bundles of drugs. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 94 lines 11 to 19.

The accused added that he felt it was not right of Mr Revi Shanker to have:
(a) relayed the message that there would be five witnesses who would testify
against the accused; and (b) expected the accused to be frightened by it and
do what Mr Tiwary wanted the accused to do, ie, to exonerate the co-accused.
141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 95 lines 3 to 14.

Mr Johan in cross-examination put to the accused that Mr Revi Shanker did not
convey any threat from Mr Tiwary to the accused, to which the accused denied.
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 96 line 31 to pg 97 line 9.

89 The accused also claimed that the previous counsel told the accused that if
the accused “killed” the co-accused, the co-accused’s counsel would “kill”
him, which the accused understood to mean that if the co-accused was to be
convicted on the accused’s evidence, then the co-accused’s counsel would
ensure that the same would be done to the accused.

90 Mr Johan finally put to the accused that all his allegations about his
previous counsel trying to change his evidence to support Babu were “all
untrue, absurd, ridiculous” to which the accused disagreed. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE 26 May 2022 pg 120 lines 22 to 25.

Mr Revi Shanker suggested to the accused to say that CNB officers induced him
to implicate Babu in his statements

91 When he was being cross-examined by Mr Johan, the accused further testified
that Mr Revi Shanker even suggested to him that he should say that the CNB
officers induced him to implicate Babu in his CNB statements: 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 81 lines 20 to 29

Q Alright. Let’s go on to this paragraph 13. ‘Mr A Revi Shanker even said to
me that the CNB induced me to implicate the co-accused.’

A Yes.

Q Can you tell us when was this?

A Some---during our interviews as and when, Revi would ask me ‘Did CNB induce
you to say things? Did they induce you or not? If they induced you, you say
that you were induced.’ Then when I said no, I was not induced, then during
the tele-visit where he tells me Ramesh Tiwary---'I’ve spoken to Ramesh
Tiwary, ‘You’re supposed to do this and that’, and then he will say ‘Why you
don’t say you were induced? Just say you were induced.’

92 The accused later further elaborated that, “Mr Revi [Shanker] was trying to
get me to say that CNB officers had induced me when, in fact, that didn’t
happen.” 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 86 lines 10 and 11; see also lines 25 to 31.

93 Mr Johan put to the accused that Mr Revi Shanker never said such things to
the accused. The accused disagreed. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 82 lines 16 to 21.

The accused firmly asserted that, “That the CNB induced me is not true.” 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 82 lines 22 to 24; lines 25 to 30.

The accused then commented that, “With Mr Revi [Shanker] telling me to do
this, and with Mr Ramesh Tiwary questioning me saying that I was induced by
CNB officers to implicate Babu in my statement, to me, it seems like they were
all in this together.” 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 83 lines 11 to 14.

94 The accused later elaborated that Mr Revi Shanker had first told him that
Mr Tiwary wanted him to say that the accused had implicated the co-accused due
to an inducement by the CNB officers. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 87 lines 15 to 21; pg 88 lines 10 to 12 and lines 17 to 18.

Later, Mr Revi Shanker himself also told him, “Why don’t you just say that you
were induced and you gave that statement that way. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 88 lines 20 to 22; pg 87 line 12 to pg 88 line 30.

The accused clarified that there were two parts to his communications with Mr
Revi Shanker: 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 88 lines 23 to 30

At first Mr Revi Shanker simply acted as a post-box to convey the message from
Mr Tiwary. Then Mr Revi Shanker himself suggested to the accused to say he was
induced by the CNB officers to implicate Babu in his CNB statements.

Mr Tiwary’s direct dealings with the accused when he was unrepresented

95 The accused testified that when he was unrepresented, Mr Tiwary as the co-
accused’s counsel visited him on six occasions: 28 December 2015, 21 January
2016, 25 January 2016, 2 April 2016, 15 April 2016 and 21 April 2016. The
accused gave his handwritten statement dated 16 March 2016 to Mr Tiwary during
one of these visits (see [40] above).

96 The accused said that the co-accused had handed a handwritten note to the
accused for him to copy down and produce a fresh statement in the accused’s
own handwriting (see [45] above). This is exhibited as “1T-C1”. By this means,
the co-accused ensured that the accused’s fresh handwritten statement would be
aligned with the statements of the co-accused. At this time, the accused was
depressed and had given up the will to live as he had learnt that his
girlfriend was seeing someone. He therefore agreed to take the blame and
exonerate the co-accused (see [34]–[36] above).

Meetings leading up to the meeting in the lock-up in the Supreme Court

97 The accused gave evidence of the meetings (conveniently referred to as the
1st, 2nd and 3rd meetings) leading up to the meeting in the lock-up in the
Supreme Court.

1st meeting: tele-visit meeting on 23 February 2019

98 This 1st meeting was a tele-visit involving only Mr Revi Shanker and the
accused on 23 February 2019. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 77 lines 13 and 14.

It lasted for less than half an hour. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 90 lines 18 and 19.

99 The accused testified that Mr Revi Shanker told the accused that he had
spoken to Mr Tiwary over the phone. The accused was asked not to ‘bite’ Babu
and not to get Babu involved in this case and when Babu goes out, Babu would
help him. This was the first time that the accused heard Mr Revi Shanker
telling him of it and that Babu would help the accused with his defence. That
was when the accused became angry that his own lawyer was asking him to
support a co-accused and was not doing anything to help him. The accused then
asked Mr Revi Shanker whether he had read Babu’s statement and because Babu
had said something different to the accused, and there was no way that Babu
could help the accused in the manner that Mr Revi Shanker was promising him
then. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 88 lines 23 to 31.

The accused told Mr Revi Shanker, “Babu was just as involved in this case as I
was. Let him come and tell the truth.” 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 90 lines 1 and 2.

Then Mr Revi Shanker told the accused, “Hari, just relax, just listen to what
I say.” 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 90 line 3.

This made the accused angry. The accused knocked on the door to call the
prison officer to ask if that meeting between Mr Revi Shanker and himself
could be recorded. Then the prison officer told the accused, “We don’t record
these interviews, only the Court will do that.” There was nothing the prison
officers could do. Since the accused was angry, Mr Revi Shanker left. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 90 lines 4 to 8.

100 At a later part of his evidence during cross-examination, the accused
amplified his evidence by saying that Mr Revi Shanker had further told him
that Babu would come to the witness stand to say that the two extra bundles
were supposed to be returned to the courier by the accused, 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 39 lines 14 to 16.

provided that the accused did not involve Babu in the case. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 40 lines 1 to 18.

Mr Revi Shanker also conveyed threats from the co-accused’s side to the
accused by telling him they would bring five other witnesses and ensure that
the accused would be convicted and face the gallows. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 41 lines 1 to 4.

Mr Johan then put to the accused that what he attributed to Mr Revi Shanker
were blatant lies, to which the accused disagreed. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE 27 May 2022 pg 41 lines 14 to 21.

2nd meeting: face-to-face meeting on 23 March 2019

101 The 2nd meeting was a face-to-face meeting in prison on 23 March 2019.
Present were Mr Johan, Mr Revi Shanker and two other lawyers, Mr Melvin and Mr
Ruben. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 91 lines 1 to 13.

They went through the statements and discussed the accused’s case. The accused
also explained to them that he was told to collect only one bundle and was
expecting only one bundle, which was for a regular customer, Alan, who would
only buy a small amount. So, there was no way Alan would order/buy three
bundles. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 93 lines 11 to 17.

102 At this meeting, the accused gave his previous counsel the “homework” that
the accused did earlier pertaining to the telephone call logs. The accused
reminded his previous counsel about going through the document that the
accused had prepared on the telephone call logs. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 92 lines 23 to 27.

103 The accused highlighted an event which took place during this 2nd meeting
as follows: 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 91 lines 15 to 24.

While the lawyers and I were discussing my case, suddenly Mr Ramesh Tiwary
peeped, looked into the room, to the glass panel. I saw Mr Ramesh Tiwary’s
face. After a few minutes, after we saw Mr Ramesh Tiwary’s face, Mr Revi
Shanker got up and left the room. I saw Mr Revi Shanker walked in the
direction of where Mr Ramesh Tiwary had gone. After about 5 to 10 minutes, Mr
Revi Shanker came back to the room and he spoke to me in Tamil; he asked me to
think about what he spoke to me about. I didn’t bother about what he [Mr Revi]
spoke to me about. We continued discussing about my case with the other
lawyers.

104 After the discussion, the lawyers left. The meeting lasted less than an
hour. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 92 lines 10 to 13.

3rd meeting: Lock-up meeting on 3 April 2019 and the discussions immediately
preceding it

105 I will refer to the 3rd meeting which occurred on 3 April 2019 as the
“lock-up meeting”. According to the accused, after Mr Johan had finished
cross-examining the IO and just before Mr Tiwary started his cross-examination
of the IO, Mr Johan approached the accused and told him: “I’ve already asked
all the questions from the IO and finished him. When you come on the stand,
then you sing your song.” 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 93 lines 25 to 27.

After that Mr Revi Shanker approached the accused, who was then still in the
dock and told the accused: “Listen to me carefully … Ramesh wants to see you.
Ramesh Tiwary wants to see you.” 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 93 lines 28 and 30.

The accused asked Mr Revi Shanker why Mr Tiwary wanted to see him. Mr Revi
Shanker then told the accused, “You have to hear it for yourself and you have
to be the one to decide.” 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 94 lines 2 and 3.

The accused told Mr Revi Shanker: “You are my lawyer and you know that there’s
a war going on between him and me. You have to ask him what is it you want---
he wants and tell me.” And “You have to ask him what he wants to say to me.”
170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 94 lines 9 to 13.

The accused testified that Mr Revi Shanker kept insisting that the accused
should listen to Mr Tiwary himself and that the accused would have to be the
one to speak to him. Mr Revi Shanker kept pestering the accused and the
accused was wondering why he was doing that. The accused said he had no wish
to speak to Mr Tiwary and he really did not know what was happening. However,
since Mr Revi Shanker kept insisting, the accused said, “Okay, let’s see what
he has to tell me.” 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 94 lines 13 to 19.

106 Earlier, the accused gave testimony on the same event and it was broadly
consistent with his later testimony. The accused earlier testified that Mr
Revi Shanker had told the accused: “Listen properly, Ramesh Tiwary wants to
see you.” 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 69 lines 4 and 5.

The accused said to Mr Revi Shanker: “We are both fighting against each other.
Why should his lawyer come to see me?” 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 69 lines 5 and 6.

Then Mr Revi told the accused: “You have to listen to what he has to say and
take the decision.” 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 69 lines 8 and 9.

107 The accused was thereafter brought down to the lock-up. Present were Mr
Johan, Mr Revi Shanker, Mr Melvin, Mr Ruben, Mr Tiwary and Mr Satwant Singh.
175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 70 lines 1 to 5.

108 The accused recalled the gist of the meeting as follows: 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE 25 May 2022, extracts from pg 70 line 23 to pg 72 line 7.

Once the door opened, all the lawyers came into the room. Tiwary was standing
in front of me on the side. I was waiting for them to tell me what was
happening, so I waited for one of them to talk. Then, since no one was saying
anything, I asked Mr Ramesh Tiwary, ‘I heard you wanted to see me.’ Then Mr
Ramesh Tiwary said, ‘Of course, Haridass. Only if you talk, then I can talk to
you.’ Then I asked, ‘What’s the matter?’ Ramesh told me, ‘I’ve got nothing to
do with your case. You listen to me. You say on top fellow.’

…

Okay, so Ramesh told me that, ‘You---I got nothing to do with your case. You
say you’re working for the top fellow’, which is he referring to Boy.

…

Mr Tiwary said, ‘You are saying you’re working for the top fellow’, and he’s
referring to Boy, Boy, Your Honour.

...

‘You don’t bite my client. I have nothing to do with you.’ And then he said,
‘I have evidence. I have evidence in my pocket.’ And then he pulled out his
jacket---

…

\---and put in his hand and gestured to say that he had evidence with him.

...

He moved his jacket and put his hand to say he has got evidence. …

He said, ‘Did you---do you see my hair? It’s all grey. I have’---he said
something like he has got 20 or 30 years’ experience. He said---he says---he
said, ‘I’m wise. Your lawyers know about me very well. If I have anything, I
will tell your lawyers so that they can help you.’ Basically, what he was
trying to tell me is, ‘Let’s not get Babu involved in this.’

…

He said, ‘Don’t bite him. You take everything. He will come in support of your
defence.’ By meaning bite, he means don’t implicate him.

109 I note that in substance the above evidence the accused gave on 25 May
2022 at the ancillary hearing is largely consistent with the evidence on the
same matter that the accused gave some nine months earlier on 31 August 2021
during the main trial (which I have set out at [11] above).

110 In the lock-up, in the presence of previous counsel, Babu’s counsel told
the accused to let off Babu, by taking responsibility for all three bundles of
drugs. Babu’s counsel said that his client had nothing to do with the drugs.
Despite knowing that Babu and his counsel had been asking the accused to let
off Babu, the accused’s previous counsel permitted Babu’s counsel to speak to
the accused. The accused said that no one took any meeting notes of what was
said.

111 Due to some confusion, the accused had to repeat his evidence at a later
point in time about what happened at this lock-up meeting and he testified as
follows: 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NE 25 May 2022 pg 99 line 17 to pg 100 line 16.

When they were all seated, I looked at Ramesh Tiwary, and I told him, ‘I heard
you wanted to speak to me.’ He said, ‘Of course, Haridass. Only if you speak
to me, I can speak to you.’ He says, ‘Can you see my hair? It’s all white. I’m
wise. Your lawyers know about me. I have nothing to do with you. You don’t
bite my client. You say you’re working for the supplier above.’ Then he
gestured, putting his hand into his jacket, saying, ‘I have evidence in my
pocket. I have clients in the death row, but does not mean all clients will
end up in the death row. You let him go. He will come and give evidence in
your favour. Your lawyers know me. If there’s anything, I’ll let your lawyers
know, and your lawyers will deal with it.’ Once he told me that, I was very
angry and didn’t want to talk to him. I just told him, ‘You get out from this
room.’ And after he left, that’s when I cried and spoke to my lawyers. I told
my lawyers, ‘You all have been with me for more than 2 years. I have---I tried
to tell you my case. I’ve been telling you my case from in---but when I tell
you my case and you show---you show my ten---your tantrums to me, then I speak
to Mr Revi, and Mr Revi says, “Be calm. I know you won’t get into an argument.
Just be calm.” And now you all---he’s doing this, and you all are my lawyers.
How can you all let this happen?’ That’s when Melvin asked me, ‘So what is
your instructions?’ Then I said, ‘Let’s go with the---my defence. Let’s fight
this case as we originally planned to.’ Then when I---I was already very
angry, very upset, so when I came up and I saw Babu, I was very angry. I
scolded him and told him, ‘You’re coming and pretending here. You want me to
take the---everything, and you’re trying to escape.’ I scolded him. And Revi
pretended nothing happened and kept asking me, ‘What happened? What happened?’
I didn’t say anything and kept quiet.

112 This version is broadly consistent with his earlier evidence on the lock-
up meeting given on two previous occasions.

Previous counsel’s recollection of the lock-up meeting and the discussions
immediately preceding it

113 However, a different version of the events on the day of the lock-up
meeting was proffered by the previous counsel. According to the accused’s
previous counsel, Mr Revi Shanker informed Mr Johan that the accused wanted to
see the co-accused’s counsel on this occasion because the accused wanted to
know what the co-accused’s defence was before the accused commenced giving his
evidence-in-chief. Mr Johan agreed as that was the accused’s instructions. It
was not the case that the co-accused’s counsel wanted to speak to the accused.
In the lock-up, the accused asked the co-accused’s counsel whether he was
going to cross-examine him. The co-accused’s counsel said, “My defence is that
[my] client had nothing to do with the 3 bundles”. The co-accused’s counsel
then left. The accused then told his previous counsel to fight on. The
previous counsel denied asking the accused to let off the co-accused and take
responsibility for the three bundles or to say that the co-accused was not
involved.

Mr Revi Shanker’s written notes of the lock-up meeting

114 In his affidavit, 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Exhibit 1T-R10; Mr Revi Shanker’s affidavit at pages 28–30.

Mr Revi Shanker exhibited his written notes of the meeting in the lock-up. It
recorded the time and date as 11.45 am on 3 April 2019. Parties present were
Mr Johan, Mr Revi Shanker, Mr Melvin, Mr Tiwary, Mr Satwant Singh, and Mr
Ruben. Mr Revi Shanker took notes of the meeting and recorded the following:

Haridass want to see Ramesh to ask him about Babu’s defence before he start
his EIC [examination-in-chief].

Haridass ask Ramesh whether he will cross-examine him.

Ramesh told Haridass that he will cross-examine him, if Haridass implicates
Babu’s involvement in ordering three bundles.

Haridass asked Ramesh whether his client [ie, Babu] will say that he [ie,
Babu] ordered one bundle upon his [ie, Babu’s] instructions.

Ramesh says that his client has nothing to do with any ordering of bundles –
that is his defence.

Ramesh told Hari that if Hari maintained his evidence that Babu ordered the 3
bundle and implicate Babu in any other way, he will cross examine Hari to show
him Hari is a liar.

Hari says okay to Ramesh’s saying. Ramesh left the room.

Hari then instructed us to proceed with his case @ EIC.

Hari told us to follow his instruction in respect of his defence.

Johan and Revi told Hari that he will be cross-examine[d] by Ramesh after his
EIC complete.

He must be prepared to answer Ramesh cross.

Hari said OK. He will know what to do.

115 The accused disputed this version of events as recorded by Mr Revi
Shanker. The accused denied that he asked Mr Tiwary whether his client [ie,
Babu] would say that he [ie, Babu] ordered one bundle upon his [ie, Babu’s]
instructions. Neither did the accused ask about Babu’s defence. The accused
explained that he already knew of Babu’s defence because he had been denying
any involvement all along. Mr Tiwary did not say that he would cross-examine
him if he implicated his client. Mr Tiwary said: “Don’t bite him. If you do,
then I will get four or five witnesses to make sure that they will testify
against you.” The accused said that his previous counsel had also already
known of Babu’s defence prior to the lock-up meeting. In other words, there
was no need to have a meeting in the lock-up just to ask what Babu’s defence
was as stated in the lock-up meeting notes of Mr Revi Shanker because it was
already known to both the accused and his previous counsel. The accused said
he knew about Babu’s defence much earlier and that was before the committal
hearing on 30 October 2015. As early as 2014, the accused had already heard
that Babu’s defence was that he had nothing to do with this matter, ie, that
he was not involved at all. The accused recalled an incident in December 2014,
when during a video link PTC session, he personally met Babu for the first
time as they were seated next to each other at the holding room whilst waiting
for their video link to start for the PTC session. At that first personal
meeting, Babu told him to accept all the blame and to leave him out of it.
Babu told the accused, “Okay, let’s fight this case together but when you are
referring to your boss, don’t say that I am the boss, say it’s a Malaysian
boss, refer to the boss as the Malaysian boss”. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 5 lines 4 to 7.

At that video link session, the accused did as instructed by Babu because the
accused knew that Babu wanted to get out of the charge. Accordingly, the
accused mentioned at the video link session that “The Babu I had been
referring to is not this Babu”. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 3 lines 8 and 9.

The accused therefore exonerated Babu and accepted blame. Babu later hugged
the accused and thanked the accused for doing so.

116 The accused did not have any reason to believe that Babu’s position in
relation to his defence would change from his initial position with the
passage of time. In other words, the accused disputed his previous counsel’s
version of events. The accused maintained that it was not true that the
accused had wanted to see Mr Tiwary in the court lock-up to ask him about
Babu’s defence before he started his examination-in-chief because the accused
already knew Babu’s defence prior to the lock-up meeting, contrary to what is
stated in Mr Revi Shanker’s written notes of the lock-up meeting. Furthermore,
it was confirmed during the lock-up meeting that Babu’s defence remained that
he had nothing to do with the drugs. The accused said he was aware of Babu’s
defence of total non-involvement with the drugs as early as 2014 and until the
date of the lock-up meeting on 3 April 2019, he knew that Babu’s defence
remained unchanged because of Babu’s messages through other people, which were
relayed to the accused. According to the accused: “Everywhere I go, for
interviews or any places that I go to, people, random inmates, even special
ward inmates walked up to me and tell me, ‘Why are you involving him in his,
why don’t you take the rap and let him go?’ So I get this kind of messages
quite often.” 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NE 26 May 2022 pg 2 lines 27 to 30.

117 The accused said that Babu had been putting pressure on the accused since
2014 by sending people to ask him to accept all responsibility and admit to
the charge. The accused testified: “…all the inmates that belong to Babu’s SS
[Secret Society] group would embarrass me inside ... saying that I was doing
the work of a ghost and say humiliating things to embarrass me. They were
pressuring---pressurising me to accept all responsibility and to make sure
that I vindicate Babu from it and accept all blames for this drug case.” 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 2 lines 17 to 28.

The accused said that he had even fought with the inmates who shared the same
cell as Babu. The accused was frustrated because he ended up fighting with
these people who came and disturbed him, asking him to let Babu off and
nothing was being done about it by his previous counsel. When he told Mr Revi
Shanker about it, Mr Revi Shanker would tell him there was nothing he could do
as it was happening in the prison and the prison had to look into it. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE 26 May 2022 page 3 lines 3 to 12.

Failure to cross-examine certain Prosecution witnesses

118 In para 24 of Appendix 1 of the accused’s affidavit, the accused alleged
that his previous counsel failed to cross-examine other Prosecution witnesses
for example:

(a) DSP William Tan

(b) SSI David Ng

(c) SSS Alwin Wong Kah Hung

(d) SSgt Sunny Chien Lik Seong

(e) Sgt Muhammad Helmi Abdul Jalai

(f) Sgt Dadly Bin Osman

119 The response from Mr Johan was that the accused gave instructions not to
cross-examine any other Prosecution witnesses except for three Prosecution
witnesses as indicated in Mr Johan’s letter dated 16 March 2018 to the accused
confirming the accused’s instructions that he wished his counsel to cross-
examine only three of the Prosecution witnesses namely: 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Mr Johan’s affidavit at para 90 and page 58.

(a) Tony Ng Tze Chian (“Mr Tony Ng”)

(b) Yogaraj s/o Ragunathan (“Mr Yogaraj”); and

(c) Shafiq Basheer (“Mr Shafiq Basheer”).

Questions not asked of Mr Shafiq Basheer

120 In relation to Appendix 2 of the accused’s affidavit on the questions that
were not asked of Mr Shafiq Basheer, Mr Johan did not think that those
questions were relevant. Mr Johan testified that he had asked Mr Shafiq
Basheer all the relevant questions that were needed to be asked as he thought
fit to do so. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 88 lines 4 to 12. Mr Johan’s affidavit paras 92 to 94.

121 Each time Mr Johan completed his cross-examination of the Prosecution
witnesses, he would check with the accused whether there were any other
questions that he needed Mr Johan to ask. Once there was clear indication from
the accused that there were no further questions that need to be asked, Mr
Johan would then inform the court that he had no further questions. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Mr Johan’s affidavit at para 97.

Questions not asked of Mr Tony Ng and Mr Yogaraj

122 His previous counsel did not ask Mr Tony Ng about what the accused had
told Mr Tony Ng about the drugs found in the Toa Payoh Flat. The accused
testified as follows: 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE 26 May 2022 pg 79 lines 1 to 29.

… And in my conversation with Tony, I never said that the drugs found in Toa
Payoh was placed there by me but in Tony’s statement, it said so like that. So
I wanted my lawyer to ask Tony about it. And in one of the photos, one of the
photo exhibits, you can see a picture of Tony writing something in his little
book, Your Honour, pocketbook. And I asked my counsel to question Tony about
what he was writing down. Even that, he didn’t do. This was just outside the
Toa Payoh flat.

…

When Tony was questioning me in the room in the Commonwealth flat, I was
telling Tony that I didn’t know how come there were three bundles. I was told
only one bundle was coming and I was supposed to deliver that one bundle and
there was a mistake about the two bundles and I was waiting for the phone call
to clarify about it. I was explaining all this to Tony and I told this to my
lawyers. It’s written in the field book that I was supposed to only collect
one bundle, Your Honour, traffic one bundle. And what I told, explained to
Tony was written in the field book as such, that I was only to---expecting to
traffic in one bundle. And Tony was aware that I informed him that I was not
going to traffic the two bundles but that is not stated in the field book. So
I asked my lawyers to ask question from Tony about it, how come he only wrote
part of what he asked me and left out the other part. When the MDP was taken
from me, I had mentioned Babu but they didn’t---at that point of time when the
MDP was taken from me, they didn’t show Babu’s photo, but Babu’s photo is
identification because that was the first thing they showed me when I was
arrested in the room at Common---and brought to the room at Commonwealth. But
in the pocket book statement that when they take from---took from me, for the
last question number 5, they showed me Babu’s photo again and then---and there
I mentioned Babu’s name. So all this I told my lawyers to question that I was
only shown the photo twice.

123 His previous counsel also failed to question Mr Yogaraj on what the
accused had told Mr Yogaraj when the accused was with him in the room in the
Commonwealth flat for about 45 minutes. According to the accused, the
following was told to Mr Revi Shanker as to what he had said to Mr Yogaraj in
the Commonwealth flat: 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE 26 May 2022 pg 81 lines 24 to 27.

Honestly I was only supposed to only get one bundle. I do not know how two
bundles came about. If you want, I give you this number. You can call this
number and find out because I myself I’m waiting for the call.

124 When Mr Yogaraj was on the witness stand, Mr Revi Shanker was not present
in Court. Mr Johan was the one who questioned Mr Yogaraj. Mr Johan did not ask
Mr Yogaraj about it. Implied herein by the accused is a lack of coordination
between Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker.

Evidence of Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker

125 In the affidavits of Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker, they affirmed that they
had advised the accused after going through the accused’s written
instructions. The accused accepted their advice. The accused further told them
to ignore all his written instructions and focus instead on his defence that
he was supposed to, and expected to receive, one bundle of heroin, but instead
three bundles were delivered, which the accused put inside a red pail of rice.
This defence was led in his evidence-in-chief and was in accordance with the
accused’s instructions. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Mr Johan’s affidavit at para 10; Mr Revi Shanker’s affidavit at para 9.

126 I pause to note that the accused confirmed during his cross-examination by
Mr Johan that the “gist” of his defence as characterised by Mr Johan was that
he expected to receive or collect one bundle but three came instead. Out of
those three bundles, one was for the accused to repack and send to Toa Payoh
and he was waiting for instructions in relation to the other two bundles. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NE 26 May 2022 pg 92 lines 6 to 18.

However, I wonder if the identity of the person who ordered the drugs and the
identity of the person who was going to give further instructions to the
accused on what to do with the other two bundles should also form a part of
the “gist” of the accused’s defence, having regard to the fact that the
accused had insisted during the ancillary hearing that Babu was that person.
In any case, I note at this juncture that the accused admitted when he was
cross-examined by Mr Revi Shanker that Mr Revi Shanker did not compromise his
defence during the trial but the accused testified that Mr Revi Shanker wanted
the accused to run his defence in a certain manner such as to exonerate Babu
by saying that Babu was not involved. The accused said that that was not the
truth, and that asking the accused to do something in favour of Babu was not
Mr Revi Shanker’s “work” because Mr Revi Shanker, as counsel assigned to the
accused, should have acted only in the accused’s interest. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE 5 July 2022 pg 58 line 22 to pg 59 line 7; 6 July 2022 pg 42 lines 3 to 8.

127 When Mr Revi Shanker was cross-examined, it was put to Mr Revi Shanker
that the accused had told him to follow the accused’s written instructions and
that the accused never told him to ignore the accused’s written instructions.
This was emphatically denied by Revi Shanker. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 57 lines 3 to 8.

Both Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker reaffirmed in their oral evidence what they
stated in their affidavits and were firm in their testimony that the accused
told them to ignore all his written instructions during the lock-up meeting.
193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 52 line 8 to 9; pg 91 lines 28 to 29 (for Mr Johan’s
testimony); NE 13 September 2022 pg 54 lines 22 to 28 (for Mr Revi Shanker’s
testimony); see also Mr Johan’s affidavit at para 6 and Mr Revi Shanker’s
affidavit at para 5.

128 I pause to note here that according to the evidence of the accused’s
previous counsel, the accused’s instructions to ignore all of the accused’s
written notes and focus on running his defence (ie, that he was supposed to
receive only one bundle of drugs) were given orally to them at the lock-up
meeting which took place soon after the accused was called to elect whether he
wanted to give evidence in his own defence upon the close of the Prosecution’s
case (ie, the standard allocution was administered). 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE 3 April 2019 pg 10 line 3 to pg 12 line 14.

The accused elected to give evidence. The court then adjourned at 11.33 am on
3 April 2019 on the application of Mr Johan. The previous counsel asked for
permission to see the accused which was granted. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE 3 April 2019 pg 12 lines 6 to 10.

The lock-up meeting commenced at 11.45 am on 3 April 2019 according to the
notes of the meeting taken by Mr Revi Shanker (see [114] above). Crucially the
alleged instructions to ignore all the accused’s written notes were given
towards the end of that lock-up meeting, which was immediately preceding the
commencement of the accused’s evidence-in-chief at 2.30 pm on 3 April 2019.
196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 13 lines 1 to 20.

If true, this would be impactful on how the accused’s evidence-in-chief would
be led.

129 Upon realising the implications of their emphatic evidence that the
accused had asked them to ignore all his instructions just prior to giving his
testimony, Mr Revi Shanker subsequently clarified that it was not that he
ignored all the accused’s written notes or that whatever notes the accused had
given to the previous counsel were not relevant. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 58 lines 6 to 9.

130 I pause again to note that the emphatic evidence of his previous counsel
in their affidavits and oral testimony to ignore all the accused’s written
instructions is directly contradicted by the minutes taken by Mr Revi Shanker
of the lock-up meeting, which recorded:

… Ramesh left the room.

Hari then instructed us to proceed with his case @ EIC.

Hari told us to follow his instruction in respect of his defence.

Johan and Revi told Hari that he will be cross-examine[d] by Ramesh after his
EIC complete. …

[Emphasis added in bold]

This is important on the issue of credibility.

131 I pause again to observe that nothing in Mr Revi Shanker’s notes indicates
or suggests that the accused had instructed his previous counsel to ignore all
or any part of his written instructions.

132 Both of the previous counsel denied that they refused to take any of the
accused instructions as alleged by the accused in his affidavit. They denied
asking the accused to take responsibility for all the three bundles of drugs.
They also denied having any improper engagement with Babu’s counsel or with
the accused family members. They denied taking any instructions from Babu’s
counsel. Mr Johan denied having communicated the accused’s defence with Mr
Tiwary. Mr Revi Shanker also denied telling the accused to say that the CNB
officers induced the accused to implicate the co-accused. Mr Revi Shanker
denied telling the accused that Babu would say that only one bundle of drugs
was ordered, and that Babu would get other witnesses to say that the
additional two bundles of drugs were “extras” that were not to be trafficked
in. The further allegations in paragraphs [24] and [88] above were also denied
by previous counsel. The previous counsel maintained that the accused never
told them that Babu’s counsel wanted to speak to the accused about assisting
Babu or that Babu only wanted to be let off.

133 When asked whether he told the accused that he wanted to save Babu’s life
as well, Mr Revi Shanker initially said he could not remember, 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 13 lines 2 to 4.

and that he might have said it. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 13 lines 15 to 19.

However, Mr Revi Shanker eventually accepted, after some prevarication, that
he did tell the accused that he wanted to save Babu’s life based on the audio
recording and the transcript 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Exhibit C14.

of his conversation with Ms Kavitha and Ms Siroshini. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 13 lines 20 to 27.

Later in his evidence, Mr Revi Shanker was clear that he had previously told
the accused that he wanted to save both the accused’s life and Babu’s life,
and he had also told the accused again in the lock-up meeting that he wanted
to save both the accused’s life and Babu’s life. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 22 lines 16 to pg 23 line 28.

Mr Revi Shanker sought to explain that it was his strong Christian belief that
no life should be taken away and he wanted to save lives. He wanted to save
both lives. But it did not mean that he would sacrifice the accused or
compromise the accused’s defence or position to save Babu. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 13 lines 5 to 14; pg 13 line 28 to pg 14 line 2; pg 22
lines 1 to 11.

Mr Revi Shanker emphasised that they did run the defence of the accused in
court and the accused’s defence was that he was supposed to receive only one
bundle but he received three bundles. The accused did not know why there were
two extra bundles and he did not know what to do with them. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 11 line 30 to pg 12 line 4.

The accused’s instructions were that it was Babu who had ordered the bundle.
205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 12 lines 11 to 13.

Mr Revi Shanker agreed that he would have to prove that part of the accused’s
instructions that Babu had ordered the drugs. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 12 lines 11 to 26

134 On the question whether Mr Revi Shanker had told the accused how he would
save both the lives of both the accused and Babu, Mr Revi Shanker was adamant
that he did not tell the accused how he would do it, in spite having had
several meetings with the accused. Whereas in the audio recording, Mr Revi
Shanker could be heard telling Ms Kavitha and Ms Siroshini how he would save
both the accused’s and Babu’s lives despite after only meeting them once. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 23 line 26 to pg 25 line 9.

135 Mr Revi Shanker also accepted that Mr Tiwary had told him that he (ie, Mr
Tiwary) wanted to bring Alan, the accused’s customer, as a witness if the
accused were to implicate Babu as the one who ordered the drugs. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 28 lines 8 to 19.

Whenever Mr Tiwary saw Mr Revi Shanker in court, Mr Tiwary would say: “This is
what I will do. You know, I’m going to bring these people, you know”. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 29 lines 4 to 6; lines 8 to 12.

As it was of concern to both Mr Revi Shanker and Mr Johan, Mr Revi Shanker
said that he conveyed Mr Tiwary’s message to the accused, 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 29 lines 11 and 12.

and they needed basically to protect the accused’s defence. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 28 lines 24 to 31.

Mr Tiwary gave an assurance that if the accused did not pinpoint or implicate
Babu, then Mr Tiwary would not go after the accused. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 37 line 26 to pg 38 line 6.

136 With respect to the handwritten statement of the accused, the previous
counsel said that the accused wanted to know if Babu’s counsel would use the
handwritten statement to cross-examine him. Mr Johan checked with Mr Tiwary.
Mr Tiwary informed the previous counsel that he would not be using the
handwritten statement to cross-examine the accused. Mr Johan conveyed that
information to the accused. The accused was satisfied and had no complaints
about it. They then checked with the accused whether Mr Tiwary could continue
to act for Babu and the accused had no objections.

137 Mr Revi Shanker had asked the accused at the conclusion of the accused’s
evidence-in-chief, whether he had anything to say or tell the court besides
what he had testified to earlier on both days that he was giving his evidence-
in-chief and the accused answered “No”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NE 4 April 2019 pg 32 lines 23 to 26.

Further, the Prosecution witnesses were cross-examined by Mr Johan based on
the accused’s instructions. At the conclusion of the cross-examination of each
of the Prosecution witnesses, the accused was asked if there were any other
questions to be asked and the accused did not express any reservations or
complaints at that time.

138 At this juncture, it is pertinent to refer to the accused’s explanation.
The accused explained in his evidence at the ancillary hearing that when he
was asked if he had anything to say, he was at a loss. Many things were not
asked although the accused had already brought those things to the attention
of his previous counsel, but they were repeatedly dismissive of him. The
accused felt so frustrated that he did not want to say anything else. So he
just left it as that.

Evidence of Mr Tiwary

139 Mr Tiwary basically denied having engaged improperly with either Mr Johan
or Mr Revi Shanker although he had spoken to them about the case. Mr Tiwary
also asserted that Mr Revi Shanker and Mr Johan had not communicated 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 28 line 19.

or discussed 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 26 line 16 to 19.

the accused’s defence with Mr Tiwary.

140 Mr Tiwary said that he had never given any instructions (including
instructions to speak to the family members of the accused) to the accused’s
previous counsel. Mr Tiwary said he had not told them that his client, Babu,
would give evidence to say that he ordered one bundle of drugs or that if the
accused did not assist Babu, then Babu would call at least five witnesses to
give evidence at the trial that the accused had ordered the three bundles of
drugs. While Mr Tiwary claimed not to have told the accused’s previous counsel
anything along those lines, he accepted that he had subpoenaed a number of
witnesses (three in total) from Changi Prison for the accused to identify when
the accused was being cross-examined by him. Mr Tiwary denied having asked the
accused to let Babu off.

141 With regards to the meeting at the lock-up, Mr Tiwary said that Mr Revi
Shanker told him that the accused wished to see him in the lock-up and Mr
Tiwary said: “Okay. I will meet him in the lock-up with you and Johan
privately.” 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 12 lines 18 to 20.

142 Initially, Mr Tiwary said that he did not tell Mr Revi Shanker anything
else. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 12 line 24 to pg 13 line 1.

Then when I asked Mr Tiwary why he agreed so readily without even asking Mr
Revi Shanker why the accused wanted to see him in the lock-up, Mr Tiwary
corrected himself and said he did ask why, and Mr Revi Shanker told Mr Tiwary
that the accused wanted to see him in the lock-up to find out what Babu’s
defence was. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 13 lines 2 to line 6.

I was puzzled why Mr Tiwary would even want to tell the accused so readily
what Babu’s defence was because Mr Tiwary should simply cross-examine the
accused without telling the accused what Babu’s defence was going to be. Mr
Tiwary explained that he was prepared at that stage to be upfront about his
cross-examination because he knew that he was going to ask him very difficult
questions, put things to him and basically do his job as best as he could. Mr
Tiwary did not want to do it in a cloak and dagger manner and he did not want
to hold it back and spring the accused a surprise. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 13 lines 26 to 30.

143 Mr Tiwary recalled the lock-up meeting to be follows: 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 19 lines 20 to 29.

So I went in and the first thing I asked Mr Haridass was whether he wanted to
see me. And I think he said yes or he wanted to talk to me, Your Honour. The
exact words I cannot be sure. He wanted to see me or he wanted to talk to me.
He said yes. I did tell him my client’s defence …

…

I told him what my defence --- my client’s defence was.

144 Mr Tiwary further told the accused that he would have to cross-examine him
and prove that the accused was lying but he (ie, Mr Tiwary) could not go into
details. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 20 lines 2 to 5.

The accused did not say anything in response to Mr Tiwary. Mr Tiwary then left
the lock-up meeting, telling the accused, “You speak to your lawyers about
this.” 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 20 lines 7 and 8.

145 According to Mr Tiwary, his purpose was actually to tell the accused what
he (ie, Mr Tiwary) had to do and it was not something he enjoyed doing because
he was damaging another person’s defence. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 20 lines 8 to 11.

He wanted the accused to understand that it was not personal but that he was
just doing his professional duty and that the accused’s lawyers could do “the
similar thing” to Babu. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 20 lines 20 to 24.

Submissions of various parties

Legal principles with respect to inadequate legal assistance

146 The DPP submits that the legal principles with respect to inadequate legal
assistance from trial counsel have been set out by the Court of Appeal in
Farid. Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker agree with the DPP.

147 The Court of Appeal held that a two-step approach should be adopted for
assessing claims by the appellant of inadequate legal assistance raised
against the appellant’s previous trial counsel when seeking to overturn an
appeal against conviction. The first step is to assess counsel’s conduct of
the case and the second step is to assess whether the conduct affected the
outcome of the case, in that it resulted in a miscarriage of justice.

148 For the first step, the court held at [135] to [137] that:

135 An appellant seeking to overturn his conviction on the basis that he did
not receive adequate legal assistance must show that the trial counsel’s
conduct of the case fell so clearly below an objective standard of what a
reasonable counsel would have done or would not have done in the particular
circumstances of the case that the conduct could be fairly described as
flagrant or egregious incompetence or indifference. In other words, the
incompetence must be stark and glaring. Certainly, it will not be enough to
show that some other counsel, especially eminent or experienced ones, would
have taken a different approach or perhaps would have been more combative
towards the Prosecution’s witnesses. As long as counsel, whether at trial or
on appeal, are acting in accordance with their clients’ instructions, and in
compliance with their duty to the court and their professional obligations,
they must be given the deference and latitude in deciding how to conduct the
case after studying all the evidence and the applicable law. Legitimate and
reasonable strategic or tactical decisions do not come within the very narrow
class of cases where inadequate assistance of counsel can be said to have
occurred.

136 These considerations apply equally to counsel’s conduct in the entire
spectrum of his professional duties to his client in a criminal case –
advising a client on whether to plead guilty or to claim trial, whether to
accept an offer made as part of plea bargaining, on matters prior to and
during trial and also on whether to appeal and the grounds for doing so. It
must be remembered that allegations made against previous counsel could
subsequently also be made against present counsel if the present counsel are
not able to secure the desired outcome for the client. In this manner, such
collateral attacks against court decisions could go on almost indefinitely.
They are collateral attacks because they do not engage the merits of the court
decisions on the evidence or the submissions made but seek to impugn the
decisions indirectly by alleging that the court did not have the full evidence
before it or was given wrong information because of inept counsel. The court
must therefore be astute to ensure that its processes are not abused by
incessant applications to retry or to re-open concluded matters by using such
collateral attacks on court decisions through the device of complaints against
previous counsel for alleged incompetence and/or indifference.

137 Natural justice applies to the previous counsel of course and so, like
anyone else accused of some wrong, he must be given notice of the allegations
made against him and must have a reasonable opportunity to respond in writing
and, where necessary, to attend and make submissions at the hearing where his
conduct as counsel is an issue. …. [I]t is incumbent on the client to
particularise the alleged failure on the part of his former counsel and to
persuade the court that there is a real point that warrants remittal to the
trial court. If the court is satisfied that the client’s allegation against
his former counsel has no substance in fact or does not meet the high
threshold set out at [134]–[136] above, there will be no reason at all to
exercise its power under s 392 of the CPC.

[emphasis added in italics]

149 For the second step, the court held at [138]–[139] that:

138 If inadequate legal assistance from previous counsel is proved under the
first step in the inquiry, the second step is to show that there is a nexus
between the counsel’s conduct of the case and the court’s decision in the
matter in order to demonstrate a case of miscarriage of justice. The suggested
standard required to show miscarriage of justice included “reasonable
possibility” and “real possibility”. …

…

139 … Our present situation involves an appellant contending on appeal that
his trial counsel had failed him. As set out at [134]–[136] above, an
appellant making such allegations against his former counsel has a high
threshold to cross. We think therefore that we need only to adopt the standard
of “real possibility” in s 394J(6)(a) for such an appellant to meet in order
to satisfy the court at the second step of the inquiry. An appellant who has
established a case of inadequate legal assistance from his previous counsel
must therefore also show that there is a real possibility that such inadequate
assistance has caused a miscarriage of justice on the particular facts of the
case.

150 The DPP submits that the above legal principles, and caution, laid down in
the context of an appellant seeking to overturn his conviction on appeal are
similarly applicable in cases such as this case, where the accused is now
trying to rely on alleged inadequate legal assistance to: (a) be allowed to
recall several Prosecution witnesses; and (b) have a “do-over” at giving
evidence-in-chief in the main trial. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions (“DPP’s reply submissions”) at para 5.

151 Mr Hassan and Ms Chitra in their submissions on behalf of the accused
(hereafter referred to as the “accused’s submissions”) accept that the accused
had to show that the conduct of Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker amounted to
flagrant or egregious incompetence or indifference, or in other words, that
their incompetence was stark and glaring. The accused submits that the
evidence before the court shows that the conduct of the accused’s previous
counsel had fallen below the objective standard of what a reasonable counsel
would have done or would not have done within the meaning as set out in Farid,
in the particular circumstances of the case. The accused submits that his
previous counsel’s conduct can indeed be described as flagrant or egregious
incompetence or indifference, and their incompetence was stark and glaring.
226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Submissions by the accused (“Accused’s submissions”) at para 17.

152 However, the accused submits that the second step appears to be irrelevant
in the ancillary hearing as the present court has not made a “decision in the
matter in order to demonstrate a case of miscarriage of justice”. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Accused’s submissions at para 15.

153 In the joint reply submissions of Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker, the
previous counsel argue that if this second step is irrelevant then the accused
could not say that there was inadequate legal assistance given to him. That is
because a miscarriage of justice will have to be shown for the accused’s
defence to have been affected. As the accused had admitted that the previous
counsel did run his defence, there could not have been inadequate
representation. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Reply Submissions of Johan Ismail & A Revi Shanker (“Previous counsel’s reply
submissions”) at para 4.

154 The DPP’s response to the accused’s submissions on this point is that the
attempt to circumvent the second step entirely by asserting the irrelevance of
the second step is based on a reading of Farid that is so narrow that it
raises the question of what this entire exercise of a trial-within-a trial was
for in the first place. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 6.

The DPP adds that at this stage of the trial, it is unclear what exactly the
additional evidence-in-chief from the accused will be, or how it will be
relevant to his defence. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 7.

According to the DPP, the accused is essentially asserting that inadequate
representation by Farid’s standards, even if it did not impact the conduct of
the case in court such as to result in any miscarriage of justice, is enough
to allow him, “in the parlance of golf, to take a mulligan.” 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 8.

The DPP submits that either Farid is applicable in its entirely, or it is not.
The second stage – an assessment of whether there was a miscarriage of justice
– flows naturally from the findings of the court in the first stage. If there
is no need to find a miscarriage of justice, then one must ask on what basis
the accused is seeking a do-over of his evidence. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 9.

155 The DPP’s position is that in any trial, once the Prosecution and defence
have closed their respective cases, that is usually the end of the evidence.
The calling of any evidence or witnesses after the close of the case must be
based on the interests of justice. Section 283(2) of the Criminal Procedure
Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “CPC”) clearly states that the court must summon
and examine or recall and re-examine such a person if it thinks the person’s
evidence is essential to making a just decision in the case. Flowing from
this, inadequate legal assistance must give rise to a real possibility of a
miscarriage of justice to ground such an application. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 10.

Without an assessment of how alleged inadequate representation impacts the
prior conduct of the case, there is no reason for the court to reset the trial
to an earlier stage and go through the whole of the evidence again from that
point. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 11.

The DPP emphasises in any event that, as noted by the Court of Appeal in Farid
at [135], legitimate and reasonable strategic or tactical decisions do not
come within the very narrow class of cases where inadequate assistance of
counsel can be said to have occurred. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 12.

Accused’s failure to particularise previous counsel’s actions complained of

156 The DPP submits that the accused has failed to particularise how exactly
any of the previous counsel’s actions were starkly or glaringly incompetent,
or had fallen outside of legitimate and reasonable strategic or tactical
decisions. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 13.

Even if the accused’s previous counsel had indeed rendered inadequate legal
assistance, the accused has failed to demonstrate how this has resulted in a
real possibility of miscarriage of justice to him specifically or has
adversely impacted his defence. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 14.

In this connection, the DPP submits that from the evidence in the ancillary
hearing, the accused’s defence is clearly that he was only supposed to collect
one bundle of drugs, but three bundles arrived. The DPP submits that the
accused has conceded at para 36 of his submissions that his previous counsel
ran precisely this defence at trial. In the circumstances, there exists no
possibility of a miscarriage of justice in relation to his defence. Any
concerns he might have about showing that Babu was involved in the transaction
are irrelevant to his essential defence and, in any case, were clearly
canvassed prior to the close of the Defence’s case. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 15.

The DPP urges the court to reject the accused’s application to recall some of
the Prosecution witnesses, and to give further evidence-in-chief in the main
trial. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

DPP’s reply submissions at para 16.

Ineffective communication between the accused and his previous counsel

157 The accused submits that there was ineffective communication between him
and his previous counsel because of their approach and attitude, 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Accused’s submissions at para 19.

which led to deficient legal services being rendered to him. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Accused’s submissions at para 23.

The accused submits that when he was conveying his instructions to Mr Johan,
Mr Johan would often throw tantrums and show his anger. Mr Johan would also
threaten him. For example, Mr Johan threw a pen and said “[y]ou think you’re
very smart? Then you defend yourself. You want to discharge me? Go ahead.” 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Accused’s submissions at para 20.

158 The previous counsel’s response is that these allegations were not put to
Mr Johan in cross-examination. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 7.

159 The accused submits that Mr Johan was also dismissive towards the accused.
The accused wanted a document setting out the links in the call logs to be
tendered into evidence. When the accused gave the document to Mr Johan, Mr
Johan said that it was “rubbish”. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Accused’s submissions at para 21.

160 The previous counsel’s submission in reply was that the document setting
out the links in the call logs were given to Mr Revi Shanker and not to Mr
Johan. Mr Johan denied he had told the accused that it was “rubbish”. These
allegations were similarly not put to his previous counsel during their cross-
examination. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at paras 8 and 9.

Further, the previous counsel submits that the accused had instructed his
previous counsel at the lock-up meeting to ignore all his notes (which
therefore included the document in question that he had given to them) and to
fight on with his defence. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Previous counsel’s submissions at para 10.4.3; NE 12 September 2022 pg 52
lines 7 to 20.

161 The accused submits that he felt more comfortable speaking to Mr Revi
Shanker and he gave most of his instructions to him because Mr Revi Shanker
could converse in Tamil and acted as the “peacemaker” between the accused and
Mr Johan. Mr Revi Shanker would say, “Okay, just give me whatever you want me
to do, I’ll look into it”. But when the accused subsequently asked Mr Revi
Shanker about it, he would either ignore his question or state that it was not
necessary without any explanation. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Accused’s submissions at para 22.

162 In the previous counsel’s reply submissions, these allegations are denied
as the accused in his own evidence had stated that he met up with Mr Johan and
not Mr Revi Shanker for most of the interviews. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 10.

Accused deterred from discharging his previous counsel

163 When questioned on why he did not discharge his previous counsel if he was
not satisfied with the legal services they provided, the accused replied that
he was warned during a Pre-Trial conference that, “If you keep changing like
this, we may not even end up assigning you a lawyer and [you] would have to do
the case yourself.” 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Accused’s submissions at para 25.

There were several changes of counsel (see [3] above) before Mr Johan and Mr
Revi Shanker were appointed as the accused’s assigned counsel. Therefore, the
accused submits that he was afraid that if he discharged his previous counsel,
he would not be assigned any lawyers and he would be unrepresented in the
capital case. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Accused’s submissions at para 26.

164 The previous counsel respond in their reply submissions that the accused’s
fear was totally unfounded as the accused had on his own accord discharged Mr
Rengarajoo after Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker had discharged themselves. This
was before the accused was assigned his new counsel. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 12.

Lack of co-ordination between his previous counsel

165 The accused submits that because his previous counsel would often not
attend the interviews with the accused together, instructions conveyed by the
accused to one counsel, which must be communicated to the other counsel, were
often not shared with the other counsel. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 27 and 28.

The accused refers to the following cross-examination of Mr Johan: 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 12 lines 22 to 30.

Cross-examination of Mr Johan

Witness: There---there---there are things---there are certain things I do not
know.

Court: Okay.

Witness: Okay. There are certain things like---let’s took---let’s think about,
for example, the audio recording. There was a meeting at Mr Revi Shanker’s
office. I did not know that that it transpired, there was an arrangement. I do
not know. I called---

Court: So in short, some you know, some you don’t.

Witness: Some, yah, correct.

166 The accused submits that this was far from satisfactory, if not
unsatisfactory, and amounts to deficient legal services rendered. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 27 and 29.

What made it worse is that the previous counsel were going in different
directions in terms of the accused’s defence: 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Accused’s submissions at para 30; NE 12 September 2022 pg 47 line 27 to pg 49
line 28.

Cross-examination of Mr Johan

Court: Okay. So you have this accused person. Mr A comes and say this
strategy; Mr B comes and say a different strategy. You get this accused
dealing with two defence counsel, two different strategy. What am I going to
do?

Witness: Your Honour, when---when I do my cross-examination, I have already
established what I want. The---the---the framework is being---satisfied. I
mean, my view, Sir. I have already laid all the foun---foundation. As far as
what is recorded here, it’s recorded out of Court. I do not know. I---I won’t
dare to comment on this but as far as I heard whatever evidence in Court led
by his evidence-in-chief, it’s different. It’s different from what we see
here, Your Honour, what we read here; it’s different. Evidence-in-chief---

Court: Whose is different? You mean the Haridass evidence-in-chief is
different?

Witness: Evidence---evidence-in-chief runs to---according to the instruction,
it’s different, yes.

Court: Yes, according to instructions because---yes.

Witness: Correct. It’s in sync, Sir, if I may say.

Court: Because according to Haridass, he decided not to follow Mr Revi
Shanker’s alternative strategy, you see.

Witness: That’s what he says.

Court: That’s why it came up to your strategy. He had to choose.

Witness: Yah.

Court: One to persuade him, one counsel say strategy A, one counsel, strategy
B, and his evidence is actually the facts are more in line with strategy B. So
eventually he didn’t want to go for strategy A and that’s why he came to Court
and come up with B which was what he says happen---

Witness: Which is---

Court: ---which is according to what was instructions to you.

Witness: ---my strategy, Sir---my strategy, Sir, my---my cross-examination and
my put.

Court: Yes.

Witness: Yes. That I cannot comment, Sir, because I do not know what
transpired in this---this meeting with---you know, based on what we read, yes.

Court: But you agree that will be a problem if one counsel A says---strategy A

Witness: Correct.

Court: ---to accused person, another one goes to strategy B---

Witness: I’m finished, Sir.

Court: ---the accused eventually has to decide on one anyway.

Witness: Yes. It’s even worse for my case, Sir. I mean I do not know---then my
put all for doing cross-examination will be all shattered, if Mr Revi Shanker
were to go on a different---then a different line, Sir. It will not be the
same as---it will not be in sync, Sir. It will even be worse. It will be a
disaster.

167 The accused submits that he was advised in two directions. One would
obviously undermine the other. Mr Revi Shanker allegedly did not inform Mr
Johan about his direction of asking the accused to exonerate Babu. The accused
submits that it is plain that the legal services rendered were deficient given
the completely different directions that the two previous counsel were
embarking on. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 31 and 32.

168 The previous counsel assert in their reply submissions that there were no
different directions taken by them in conducting the cross-examination of the
Prosecution witnesses and the evidence-in-chief of the accused. Both were
conducted along the same lines, ie, the accused was supposed to receive one
packet of drugs but three came instead. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 16.

No complaints were raised during the trial proper by the accused when he was
giving his evidence-in-chief or when he was being cross-examined by Mr Tiwary.
258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 17.

No evidence was adduced in court to show that Mr Revi Shanker had asked the
accused to exonerate Babu. The accused had already implicated Babu in his
statements to the IO. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 18.

Mr Johan’s cross-examination of the Prosecution witnesses during the trial and
the evidence-in-chief of the accused were synchronised. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 19.

Essentially, the submissions of the previous counsel are that the accused’s
defence was not compromised in court because his previous counsel had run the
accused’s defence in court as the accused instructed (as conceded by the
accused in his submissions) 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Accused’s submissions at para 36.

and implicated Babu at the trial. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 20.

Lack of interest in adducing background evidence of Babu as the mastermind

169 The accused further submits that his previous counsel were not interested
in showing any background as to how and why the three bundles of drugs were
found in the accused’s possession, which would in turn show that the accused
was merely taking instructions from the mastermind, Babu. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 37 and 38.

The accused’s handwritten statement written on the instructions of Babu had a
bearing on Babu’s role as the mastermind. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Accused’s submissions at para 39.

His previous counsel also failed to tender another document prepared by the
accused showing links in the call logs (“call logs document”), which would
show the extent of Babu’s involvement in drug trafficking activities. Not only
did Mr Johan tell him that the call logs document he prepared was “rubbish”;
when the accused instructed Mr Revi Shanker to tender the call logs document
in evidence, Mr Revi Shanker said he would tender it during the accused’s
evidence-in-chief but he failed to do so. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Accused’s submissions at para 41.

The previous counsel’s response in their reply submissions is that the accused
had instructed them to ignore the document. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 24.

Previous counsel’s verification with accused when his evidence-in-chief ended

170 In so far as Mr Revi Shanker had asked the accused in court if he had
anything else he wished to say during his evidence-in-chief (to which the
accused had answered there was none), the accused submits that his previous
counsel did not inform him that they would be asking such a question. Being
unprepared for it and with no prior explanation as to what to expect during
his evidence-in-chief, the accused would not have an in-depth understanding of
the question. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 42 and 43.

Failure to cross-examine the Prosecution witnesses on the recording of the
accused’s statements

171 The accused in his submissions sets out at length some of Mr Tiwary’s
questions to show that the accused was consistently questioned on why certain
matters were not mentioned in his statements. The accused said that he had
informed the recording officers of those matters, but they did not record them
down. He did not know why they were not recorded down or why his previous
counsel did not cross-examine the recording officers accordingly. The cited
portions of Mr Tiwary’s cross-examination of the accused are as follows:

Cross-examination of the accused by Mr Tiwary 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

NE 3 May 2019 pg 52 line 25 to pg 53 line 15.

Q Did you tell the CNB officer, ‘Babu then told me to repack one of the
packet’?

A I did.

Q What else did you tell the CNB at paragraph 23?

A I even told the officer that Babu told me to keep---hold on to the other two
packets and he will tell me what to do.

Q Okay. Now this part that you told the CNB officer, the recording officer,
that you told Babu that you had picked up three, and Babu told you to repack
one and to keep two to await his instructions. All that is not in paragraph
23, do you agree with me?

A I’m aware that what I have---I had mentioned to the officer is not here in
paragraph 23.

Q When did you become aware that it is not in paragraph 23?

A After I received this bundle.

Q Before the commencement of this trial.

A Yes, after the PI---when I got my PI bundle.

Q Can you explain why this part is not in the statement?

A I---I did tell the IO and I wasn’t aware whether the IO had included it in
the statement. I think the IO must be asked why he didn’t include it.

Q IO must be asked. Only the IO wasn’t asked why in Court, do you know that?

Interpreter: Sorry?

Q IO wasn’t asked why?

A I had explained all these to my lawyers early on.

Cross-examination of the accused by Mr Tiwary 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

NE 3 May 2019 pg 61 lines 7 to 20.

Q Yes, but it says here ‘from Babu.' So did you say ‘for Babu’ or did you say
‘from Babu’?

A I told him in Tamil that I was taking all these for Babu.

Q I see.

A I don’t know how he recorded it in English.

Q I see. So, actually, you told Mr Yogaraj you were taking it for Babu, but Mr
Yogaraj for some reason connived to say ‘from Babu’?

A Yes.

Q Yes. And you were speaking in Tamil?

A That’s right.

Q When Mr Yogaraj gave evidence, there was no such evidence. He was not
questioned on this at all, do you know?

A I don’t know why it was not asked of him. I already explained to my lawyer,
whether my lawyer asks him or not, I don’t know.

Cross-examination of the accused by Mr Tiwary 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

NE 3 May 2019 pg 74 line 8 to pg 75 line 1.

Q We know that and you have parroted it often enough. But let me ask you
what’s in the statement. Is there anywhere in this statement, ‘I did not know
how many I was going’---'I did not know I had to collect so many’, anywhere in
this statement?

A Nothing like that has been recorded.

Q So the IO told you this but---you told the IO this but it’s not recorded?

A Yes, I told the IO I was only expecting one.

Q Now did you tell the IO – ‘he’ referring to Babu – did not say about the
amount of heroin---

A I---

Q ---or the number of packet of heroin he had arranged for? Did you say this
to Mr Shafiq Basheer?

A I did not say this.

Q You never said this to the investigating officer at all?

A I didn’t say it to mean it such.

Q Never mind what you mean it such or mean it such not. Did you say this to
the investigating officer? Mr Haridass, stop prefabricating.

A I did not say this.

Q That’s the truth of the matter, according to you in Court now, right?

A I didn’t say this.

Q So the IO inserted this – Mr Shafiq Basheer?

A How can I answer for him? How am I to say whether he inserted it or not?

Q If you didn’t say and it’s there then the IO must have inserted it, it
cannot appear there by magic.

A Then you must ask him that.

Q I’m sure your lawyers will do that. I don’t have to do that.

Cross-examination of the accused by Mr Tiwary 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

NE 29 May 2019 pg 51 line 27 to pg 52 line 10.

Q So my question is: When you were giving this statement to the IO, did you
tell the IO ‘Babu told me I would only get 5 years’ imprisonment’?

A Yes, I did tell him.

Q Okay, but that is not recorded in paragraph 5.

A That’s right.

Q Fine. Can you explain how this does not appear in paragraph 5 if you did
tell the IO this?

A Maybe the IO left it out.

Q Right. So you don’t know why the IO left it out?

A I---I don’t know why he did it, what was the reason.

Q So my question to you is that when the IO was giving evidence in Court, you
heard his evidence, you knew that this part was not in the statement, but the
IO was never asked this question why this part was left out of paragraph 5?

A I---I have already discussed the matters with my lawyers. I can’t recall
whether they asked him this question. So I---I cannot answer that.

172 Due to his previous counsel’s failure in asking the recording officers on
their omissions in putting down what the accused had told them in his
statements, the accused submits that the above is clear evidence of deficient
legal services 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Accused’s submissions at para 65.

that had greatly affected the accused’s defence and credibility. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Accused’s submissions at para 66.

173 In response, the previous counsel submit that the new counsel did not lead
evidence at this ancillary hearing to establish what were the inaccuracies
with regard to the accused’s statements. No documents were admitted to show
where the previous counsel had faltered with respect to the alleged
inaccuracies of the accused’s statements. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 35.

Meeting in the Supreme Court’s lock-up on 3 April 2019

174 Relying on the accused’s own version of events, the accused submits that
it is completely inappropriate for his two previous counsel to have agreed to
and arranged the meeting with Mr Tiwary in the lock-up at the High Court as
their respective defences were “cut-throat” defences. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 45, 46, 50 and 57.

It was a last ditch effort by the previous counsel to persuade the accused to
exonerate Babu. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Accused’s submissions at para 49.

175 The previous counsel submit, based on their version of events, that the
meeting at the lock-up took place at the request of the accused and Mr Tiwary
had corroborated this. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 30.

The accused’s instructions were that he wanted to know from Mr Tiwary what
Babu was going to say. At the lock-up, the accused heard from Mr Tiwary that
Babu was not going to support the accused’s defence. After Mr Tiwary left the
lock-up, the accused thereafter told his previous counsel to fight on with the
accused’s defence that he was supported to receive one bundle of drugs but
instead three bundles came. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 29.

176 The accused submits that the previous counsel’s testimony that the lock-up
meeting was arranged because the accused wanted to speak to Mr Tiwary to find
out Babu’s defence is illogical. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Accused’s submissions at para 47.

There is no need for the accused to ask Mr Tiwary because the accused already
knew what Babu’s defence was. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Accused’s submissions at para 48.

177 The accused’s submissions set out briefly the various versions from
different witnesses of what transpired at the lock-up meeting:

(i) The accused’s version – Mr Tiwary had informed the accused not to
implicate Babu. If he does not implicate Babu, Babu will then come to support
the accused’s defence. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Accused’s submissions at para 51(i).

(ii) Mr Johan’s version – Mr Tiwary did all the talking, saying that if the
accused implicated Babu, he would cross-examine the accused and show that the
accused was a liar. Thereafter, Mr Tiwary left. The accused told Mr Johan to
fight on and to ignore all of his notes. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Accused’s submissions at para 51(ii).

(iii) Mr Revi Shanker’s version – Mr Revi Shanker took attendance notes of the
meeting. His attendance notes stated that the accused had asked Mr Tiwary what
Babu’s defence was. Mr Tiwary replied that his client had nothing to do with
the drugs; and if the accused implicated his client, he would cross-examine
the accused to show that he is a liar. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 83 line 26 to pg 84 line 5.

In cross-examination, Mr Revi Shanker claimed that the accused told them to
run his defence and that they had all his notes. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Accused’s submissions at para 51(iii).

Mr Revi Shanker testified that after Mr Tiwary left, the accused said “Run my
defence. You know all my notes, carry on”. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 84 lines 7 to 14.

(iv) Mr Tiwary’s version – The accused did not say anything to Mr Tiwary. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

NE 15 September 2022 pg 21 lines 4 and 5.

He informed the accused of his client’s defence. Thereafter, he told the
accused to speak to his lawyer and left. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

Accused’s submissions at para 51(iv); NE 15 September 2022 pg 19 line 28 to pg
20 line 14; pg 21 lines 4 to 10.

178 In analysing which version of events is to be believed, the accused
submits that at some point of time prior to the lock-up meeting, there was a
discussion for the accused to exonerate Babu. If it were otherwise, there
would be no point in Mr Tiwary telling the accused not to implicate Babu,
which was just before the start of the accused’s evidence-in-chief, when at
all material times the accused was going to implicate him. . 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 52 and 53.

Why was there a need for Mr Tiwary to inform the accused that if (see [177]
above) he did implicate Babu, he would cross-examine the accused to show that
he is a liar? The accused submits that the word “if” suggests that there was
an alternative, ie, for the accused to exonerate Babu. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Accused’s submissions at para 52.

179 Mr Johan’s version of events is that the accused had told them to ignore
his notes and fight on. However, the accused submits that it is illogical for
the accused to tell Mr Johan to ignore his written notes (given to his
previous counsel as instructions) when there was no change in his defence. His
written notes would be relevant to his defence. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Accused’s submissions at para 54.

Notably, the attendance notes recorded by Mr Revi Shanker omitted this crucial
detail of an alleged instruction from the accused to ignore all of his written
notes. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Accused’s submissions at para 55.

180 The accused submits that it is more than likely that the said meeting was
arranged to persuade the accused not to implicate Babu. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

Accused’s submissions at para 56.

If the versions of the previous counsel are to be believed, there is
absolutely no need for the lock-up meeting as it would serve no purpose. The
accused already knew what Babu’s defence was.

Grave Misconduct on the part of Mr Revi Shanker as evidenced in the audio
recording

181 It is not disputed that Ms Siroshini had secretly recorded on her
handphone a conversation between Mr Revi Shanker, Ms Kavitha and herself that
took place in the office of Mr Revi Shanker on 1 April 2019, which was before
the lock-up meeting on 3 April 2019. Although Ms Siroshini insisted based on
her memory of the events that the recording was done after the lock-up meeting
and the reason for her secretly recording the conversation was because of what
had emanated from the lock-up meeting, that turned out to be untrue.

182 With events that occurred so long ago, I am not surprised that Ms
Siroshini misremembered the date of the lock-up meeting and was confused on
this part of her evidence. Fortunately, Ms Kavitha was able to testify
confidently based on her handphone records that the meeting with Mr Revi
Shanker took place on 1 April 2019. In my view, what is most important is not
the accuracy of the actual date of the audio recording, but the contents of
the audio recording of that meeting, which remain undisputed. Mr Revi Shanker,
after considering the matter, rightly decided not to challenge the
authenticity of the audio recording of what transpired at that meeting,
although he took issue with the fact that it was recorded without his
knowledge.

183 At my direction, the contents of the audio recording were transcribed and
interpreted (where necessary) by the Supreme Court Interpreters’ Section.

184 The accused submits that the audio transcript clearly evidences grave
misconduct on the part of Mr Revi Shanker (ie, amongst other things, in
advising the accused not to implicate Babu when the accused’s instructions to
his counsel were that Babu was involved in the drug transaction and that Babu
– not the accused – had ordered the drugs from one “Boy”) amounting to
deficient legal services being rendered to the accused. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

Accused’s submissions at para 68.

In the transcript, the “Male Speaker” refers to Mr Revi Shanker. “Female
Speaker 1” is Ms Kavitha and “Female Speaker 2” is Ms Siroshini. The parts
highlighted in green refer to Mr Revi Shanker speaking on the mobile phone
with Mr Johan separately, and the parts highlighted in yellow refer to the
Female Speakers 1 and 2 speaking with each other while Mr Revi Shanker was
still on his mobile phone talking to Mr Johan.

185 When Mr Hassan cross-examined Mr Johan, Mr Johan insisted that he was
unaware of the conversation that Mr Revi Shanker had with Ms Kavitha and Ms
Siroshini on 1 April 2019 before the secret audio recording surfaced and that
Mr Revi Shanker never told him about it. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 17 line 17 to pg 18 line 25.

Based on this, the accused submits that he was advised by his two previous
counsel in two different directions (one of which was Mr Revi Shanker’s advice
to the accused not to implicate Babu in exchange for support from Babu, which
Mr Johan claims he was completely ignorant of at all material times). 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

Accused’s submissions at para 72.

In these circumstances and given the transcript of the audio recording and the
oral evidence, the accused submits that clear evidence has been shown of
deficient legal services. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

Accused’s submissions at para 74.

186 Mr Johan admitted in his testimony that the accused’s instructions to him
were that the accused never ordered the drugs from “Boy”. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 12 lines 18 to 22.

Yet in the audio recording, Mr Revi Shanker could be heard telling Ms Kavitha
and Ms Siroshini that: “Eventually, he (ie, the accused) [is] going to die. If
he now gonna cooperate, saying that yes, I ordered it from Boy, then Babu can
support him”. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

Exhibit C-14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 lines 9 to 11.

Accused’s handwritten statement dated 3 March 2016

187 The accused submits that as early as 16 November 2016, the accused had
informed another of his previous counsel, Mr Sunil, of the existence of the
accused’s handwritten statement that the accused had given to Mr Tiwary. Mr
Sunil testified that he had recorded in his own notes dated 16 November 2016
following a tele-visit that the accused had a copy of the handwritten
statement that he gave to Mr Tiwary. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 6 lines 8 to 19.

188 Mr Sunil said that the accused had not told him that he wanted this
handwritten statement admitted in court as they did not get that far in the
instructions. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 6 lines 20 to 25.

Mr Sunil also could not remember any explicit instruction from the accused to
have his written statement admitted as evidence. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 7 lines 12 to 15.

189 Upon reviewing his file and based on his notes, Mr Sunil testified that
the accused was trying “to flush out Babu”. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 6 lines 27 to 29.

The accused told Mr Sunil that Babu played him out, and that Babu was the
controlling mind behind the handwritten statement and persuaded the accused
person to write it. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 6 line 29 to pg 7 line 11.

This handwritten statement basically exonerated Babu completely of the
offence.

190 The accused submits that he wanted to rely on the handwritten statement to
show that Babu was the mastermind; and that he was coerced by Babu into making
the handwritten statement in order to exonerate him (ie, Babu). That was why
the accused had informed Mr Sunil that he wanted to “flush out Babu”. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Accused’s submissions at para 77.

The accused wanted the handwritten statement to be admitted as evidence. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

Accused’s submissions at para 76.

191 When asked why he had discharged himself from acting for the accused on 4
May 2017, Mr Sunil explained as follows:

On the 29th of April 2017, the accused person and I met for a Prison visit,
and he told me that there will allegations that he wanted to make against Mr
Ramesh Tiwary. And he gave me the details of the meetings he had with Ramesh
Tiwary. Ramesh Tiwary is a personal friend of mine, and as a result of that,
given the nature of what he was disclosing on the 29th of April 2017, I told
him that I would have to discharge. That’s why we applied before Your Honour
actually. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 7 lines 19 to 25.

…

…

Mm, from what I recall, the accused person said he met Ramesh Tiwary on four
occasions, and there were various discussions during those four occasions, and
it would require me having to, well, put---cross-examine Mr Ramesh Tiwary
about those particular meetings. I didn’t want to go there. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 8 lines 10 to 13.

…

192 Mr Sunil read out the following from his notes taken on 29 April 2017 and
said that he would have needed to cross-examine Mr Tiwary on (a) why Mr Tiwary
was seeing the accused 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 9 lines 28 and 29.

when the accused was not represented; 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 25 line 30 to pg 26 line 4.

(b) Mr Tiwary’s involvement in obtaining the handwritten statement exonerating
Babu from the accused; 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 10 lines 8 and 12; pg 25 lines 15 to 25.

and (c) the circumstances that led to the statement being written by the
accused 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 19 line 7 to pg 20 line 4.

on the instigation of Babu and based on information fed to the accused by
Babu: 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 25 line 15 to pg 26 line 1.

Mr Sunil reading out in court his written notes taken on 29 April 2017

‘Tiwary came to see the accused person on four occasions. Mm, the point that
came up was that Babu was giving the idea about the letters. Mm, the accused
person told me that---that he told Ramesh Tiwary that Babu gave the idea for
the statements. Ramesh Tiwary was aware that Babu told Ramesh Tiwary:

“Once Babu out of capital charge, then Ramesh Tiwary would act for the
accused.”

Ramesh Tiwary told the accused that’---

I---I can’t---I can’t decipher this. I wrote here:

‘RT told A.’---full stop---'Babu also told A.’---full stop---'Ramesh’---'The
accused person also told me that Ramesh Tiwary said he would go to the DPP and
convince the DPP to drop against Babu and help the accused person after. The
accused asked:

“What fight for?”

And Ramesh Tiwary said:

“Take case, then see.”

But the intention was to save Babu by Ramesh Tiwary.” 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 9 lines 12 to 27.

…

‘The main thing is for Ramesh Tiwary to get the statements. Babu
gave’---context of---sorry---'Babu gave content. Babu, during video-link
started brainwashing accused. Babu said “Cannot say not yours”, and asked the
accused person to take the blame.’

I wrote here:

‘A pulled back in para 92.’

I can’t remember what ‘92’ means.

‘Babu said he will help the accused, but the accused heard that Babu will get
help and get Ramesh Tiwary if accused person accepted drugs.’

And then after that, he said:

‘Babu, bastard me.’

That means, ‘played out’. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 26 lines 9 to 22.

193 The accused refers to the following portions of the notes of evidence to
submit that at the material time, he wanted his handwritten statement to be
admitted into evidence given the nature of his discussions with Mr Sunil that
led eventually to Mr Sunil applying to discharge himself: 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Accused’s submissions at para 81.

Examination-in-Chief of Sunil 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

NE 8 September 2022 pg 15 line 13 to pg 17 line 12.

Court: Okay, let me ask Mr Sunil this: You see, you discharged yourself
because you might have to cross-examine Mr Tiwary. Right?

Witness: I would have to.

Court: Would have to. And for that, it would all be all about the statement,
right? And if the statement doesn’t come into the picture, there would have
been no need to cross-examine Mr Tiwary and there would have been no need for
you to discharge. Correct? [S]o if I ask myself this question---I need to ask
myself this question: You discharged yourself because you might have to cross-
examine Mr Tiwary. And so, would the statement have to go in?

Witness: Looks like it.

Court: So therefore, from that logic, then obviously, the accused would want
the statement to be in, in the sense that he would want you to cross-examine
Mr Tiwary on it. So it’s all linked up, right? You can’t have one without the
other. Right? The fact that you discharged because you had to cross Mr Tiwary
is a known fact, you know. So then the fact that is floating is, whether or
not the statement would have to go in. You put the two and two together, would
the statement have to go in? It seems so, right?

Witness: Seems so.

Court: So therefore, the logic is that, the statement that he would have
wanted you to cross Mr Tiwary on, and therefore, he would have wanted the
statement to go in. From that logic, right? Try to recall, would that not be
the case? Because it’s one known fact, you see, and from one known fact, you
postulate. Because the other fact is a floating one. But it’s tied. It’s like
the hour hand and the minute hand. One has to run, and the other one has to
run at the same time. I mean, you know, it’s related in a certain way. So I am
trying to think of it from that---through another way of analysis, to ask you
the question.

Witness: But, ultimately, Your Honour, I think this statement, if it were to
go in, it will be for the accused to explain why he made the statement, and
whether what he stated inside the statement is true or not.

Court: Yes, yes, yes. But the statement will have to come into Court, right---

Witness: Yes.

Court: ---to explain all these things, you know, about why Mr Tiwary was---
would be involved, to be cross-examined. What would Mr Tiwary be cross-
examined on? On the statement that was given to him, and therefore, the
statement would have to come to the Court, right? So did the accused tell you
that he also wants Mr Tiwary to be cross-examined, and that’s why you had to
discharge?

Witness: No, he didn’t. I told him that based on what he told me, I would need
to cross-examine Tiwary.

Court: And for that, you told him that you would have to cross Mr Tiwary?

Witness: If I have to cross---

Court: From what he tells you?

Witness: Yah, that’s right, Your Honour.

Court So he did---did he or did he not specifically tell you he wants Mr
Tiwary to be cross-examined, and all the whole---or is it your own analysis of
what you might have to do?

Witness: Your Honour, this is my analysis. I mean, the case theory is that, if
there is this statement that was induced from him by whatever reasons, and it
is not truthful, he needs to explain it. The circumstances behind the deriving
of this statement would need to be gone into. That involves the four meetings
that the accused person had with Tiwary, and therefore, I must cross Tiwary.

194 The accused submits that he had maintained the same position with his
previous counsel (ie, Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker) in wanting the handwritten
statement admitted into evidence, but his previous counsel failed to follow
his instructions to do so. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

Accused’s submissions at para 82.

The accused submits that Mr Johan’s evidence that the accused did not instruct
Mr Johan to admit the handwritten statement in evidence is not believable. The
accused submits that he wanted the handwritten statement admitted in court to
show that he had written the statement on the instructions of Babu and in that
way, he sought to show that Babu was the mastermind and that he had been
acting on Babu’s instructions on the day of his arrest. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 85 and 86.

195 On the other hand, the previous counsel submit that no instructions were
given by the accused to admit his handwritten statement. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Previous counsel’s submissions at para 13.3.1; NE 13 September 2022 pg 43
lines 1 and 2.

196 Mr Johan testified that the accused just told him that he had given a
statement to Mr Tiwary and that was all. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 53 lines 24 to 26.

Mr Johan said that the accused did not instruct him to admit the handwritten
statement and was in fact happy that neither the Prosecution nor Mr Tiwary
would be relying on it. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 64 lines 21 to 25.

197 The previous counsel submit that after Mr Johan had confirmed with the
Prosecution and Mr Tiwary that they did not intend to use the handwritten
statement, it became a “non-issue or non-starter”. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

Previous counsel’s submissions at para 12.16.4.

198 According to Mr Johan, he had told the accused: “Don’t put it (ie, the
handwritten statement) in”. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 63 line 29.

However, it is unclear whether the accused had in fact first asked Mr Johan to
put it in, but Mr Johan advised him against it. The previous counsel contend
that the accused was advised on the implication of admitting the handwritten
statement and that the accused was “happy with it” because Mr Tiwary was not
using the handwritten statement. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

Previous counsel’s submissions at para 12.2.1; NE 12 September 2022 pg 63 line
29 to pg 64 line 9; pg 64 lines 21 to 25.

If the accused had insisted on using his handwritten statement, Mr Johan said
he would “know what to do” (ie, discharge himself) but he did not tell the
accused that. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

NE 12 September 2022 pg 64 lines 1 to 7.

In the end, the handwritten statement was not adduced in evidence.

199 The previous counsel submit that if admitting the accused’s handwritten
statement as evidence was so important to the accused, it is curious why the
accused did not raise it during his evidence-in-chief. They highlight that
when Mr Revi Shanker had asked the accused whether he had anything else to say
at the conclusion of the accused’s examination-in-chief, the accused said no.
326

##### Foot Note 326

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 44.

Babu’s statement

200 The previous counsel submit that the accused had not given any
instructions to incorporate Babu’s statement into the Agreed Bundle. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

Previous counsel’s submissions at para 12.6.1; NE 12 September 2022 pg 74
lines 6 to 14.

Furthermore, the previous counsel said they did not have a say on
incorporating Babu’s statement into the Agreed Bundle. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

Mr Johan’s affidavit at para 74 and Mr Revi Shanker’s affidavit at para 64.

The question should be directed to the co-accused’s counsel and the
Prosecution.

Concluding submissions

201 The accused submits that in all the circumstances, the previous counsel
had rendered deficient legal services by ignoring the accused’s instructions
and not rendering proper legal advice. They were simply indifferent towards
the accused. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

Accused’s submissions at para 61.

In conclusion, the accused submits that the deficient legal services were
interlinked and cover a wide range, including the lack of proper communication
with the accused, a failure to take the accused’s many instructions and
advising the accused on running two inconsistent defences. An aggravating
factor is the severity of the charge the accused was facing. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Accused’s submissions at paras 91 and 92.

The undisputed audio recordings and its transcript are self-explanatory and
represent plain and clear evidence of deficient legal services rendered by the
previous counsel. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

Reply by the accused (“Accused’s reply submissions”) at paras 8 and 11.

Both previous counsel were equally responsible for the deficient legal
services given their roles as lead counsel and assisting counsel then acting
for the accused. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

Accused’s reply submissions at para 12.

They were liable jointly and severally and vicariously according to the
accused. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

Accused’s reply submissions at para 13.

202 In response, the previous counsel both jointly submit that the allegations
of the accused are baseless and were afterthoughts that arose when, amongst
other things, Babu’s charge was reduced to trafficking in not less than 9.99
grams of diamorphine (which Babu accepted), whereas the offer to the accused
by the Prosecution was to charge the accused for trafficking in not less than
14.99 grams of diamorphine. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 47.

The previous counsel submit that the accused was essentially unhappy that the
Prosecution did not give him an offer to plead guilty to the same reduced
trafficking charge as Babu. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

Previous counsel’s reply submissions at para 48.

My decision and findings

203 After evaluating the testimonies of the various witnesses in the long
ancillary hearing (which I have set out in detail in this judgment) and after
considering the submissions of the various parties (which I have also set out
in detail in this judgment), I now make my findings and explain my decision to
allow the accused to recall certain Prosecution witnesses for further cross-
examination, to give further evidence-in-chief and to call additional
witnesses (if any) to testify in his defence.

Relevant legal principles

204 I do not agree that (a) the legal principles and the legal standards as
set out in Farid with regards to establishing inadequate legal assistance as a
ground of appeal; and (b) the two-step approach for assessing claims by an
appellant of inadequate legal assistance when seeking to overturn an appeal
against conviction, are applicable to a situation of an on-going trial, where
no decision has yet been rendered by the trial court. Understandably, there
will have to be a relatively high threshold when seeking to overturn a trial
court’s decision as in Farid. But I do not think that the same high threshold
should similarly be imposed on the accused. Unlike the case of Farid, the
accused here is not seeking to overturn his conviction. He is still in the
process of adducing evidence in support of his defence at the trial. His case
has not closed yet.

205 At trial, the situation is frequently very fluid. Not every situation can
be anticipated. There can be many genuine reasons why a party may apply to
recall witnesses. I will give some examples:

(a) Counsel may have forgotten to deal with certain evidence and later
realises that he needs to recall certain witnesses to deal with them.

(b) An accused person may not realise or appreciate the relevance of certain
evidence until much later. He then discloses them to counsel after his
testimony is over. His counsel may decide to recall witnesses or the accused
to testify.

(c) Upon reviewing the case afresh, new counsel appointed may decide to adopt
a different defence strategy, which then requires a different set of facts to
be adduced as evidence.

(d) At trial, unexpected evidence may suddenly be uncovered. Witnesses may
have to be recalled in relation to such evidence.

(e) Despite best efforts, counsel may not have fully taken all relevant
instructions. After taking further instructions, gaps in the evidence may
later be discovered, requiring a recall of witnesses.

(f) There is also the possibility of deficient or inadequate legal
representation resulting in instructions not being followed and relevant
evidence being omitted.

(g) Errors in earlier evidence may later be discovered, which would require
witnesses to be recalled for clarification and correction of those errors.

(h) Witnesses may have to be recalled to elaborate on and clarify aspects of
their evidence which appear to be inaccurate as a result of the testimony of
other witnesses.

206 Certainly, when counsel and the accused work together to engineer a false
reason grounded on false facts in order to justify a recall of a witness or
witnesses, it will amount to an abuse of process and the application for
recall should be disallowed. That is quite apart from other consequences that
may follow. But I do not think that there should be an extensive ancillary
hearing (as has happened in the present case) each and every time to ascertain
the truth of those reasons just to be absolutely sure that they are genuine. I
do not think it is necessary to do so. It is for the trial judge to probe and
assess the situation. Unless there are good reasons to suspect that the
reasons provided are untrue and therefore that the applicant may be abusing
the process of the court, the trial judge may proceed to allow the application
pursuant to s 283 of the CPC if he thinks that the evidence proposed to be
adduced through the recalled witnesses is relevant. The principal governing
question is therefore whether the evidence to be adduced through the recalled
witnesses is going to be relevant. There is no necessity for the applicant to
prove at this stage that the evidence will definitely be relevant. It is
sufficient that the applicant through his counsel explains the gist of the
evidence that will be led to satisfy the court that the evidence, if led by
recalling the witness, has some relevance to the issues at the trial. If it
actually turns out that the evidence given is not relevant, no harm is caused
as the court, when finally deciding on the matter at the conclusion of the
trial, can simply ignore that irrelevant evidence. It must be recognised that
before the whole case is over, the court may not always be able to know for
certain whether the further evidence proposed to be adduced is relevant or
not. In the early stages of the trial and before the accused has given his
defence, it may not always be clear what is going to be relevant. Under these
circumstances, it may be better to err on the side of caution, rely on
counsel’s good judgment that it is relevant, and allow the further evidence to
be given first since the court is unsure of its relevance. If irrelevant, the
further evidence can simply be disregarded when the court is making its
decision. The only downside is that some extra time would inevitably be
expended for the hearing. But the risk of injustice or a mistrial will be
minimised. It is preferable to adopt a flexible and pragmatic approach which
best ensures a fair trial so that relevant admissible evidence is not
inadvertently shut out of the trial.

207 I note in this case that the accused’s complaints surfaced suddenly whilst
the accused was being cross-examined by Mr Tiwary. He was unrepresented at
that time. When Mr Hassan and Ms Chitra, his new counsel, were able to obtain
instructions from the accused, it was after the completion of his cross-
examination. His re-examination had not started. The accused’s case had not
closed. Neither did Mr Hassan delay informing the court that the accused had
certain complaints against his previous counsel. Mr Hassan wanted to recall
certain witnesses of the Prosecution for further cross-examination and have
the accused give further evidence-in-chief to admit into evidence, amongst
other things, his handwritten statement. Due to the DPP’s objections on the
basis of Farid, a long ancillary hearing ensued.

208 I will now deal with the factual evidence adduced at the ancillary
hearing.

Accused’s handwritten statement dated 3 March 2016

209 I find it difficult to decide which of the two versions is closer to the
truth: the accused’s version that his previous counsel failed to follow his
instructions to admit his handwritten statement or the previous counsel’s
version that no such instructions were given.

210 The handwritten statement given by the accused to Mr Tiwary which states
that Babu was innocent, and that the accused was induced and threatened by the
CNB officers to falsely implicate Babu is, in my opinion, likely to be made at
the behest of Babu based on what Babu told the accused to write. I note of
course that no one called Babu as a witness to give his version of the events
in this ancillary hearing. However, given the available evidence before me, I
believe the accused on this point.

211 What is clear to me is that the accused had a lot of discussions, and
perhaps even arguments, with his previous counsel on what is to be done with
the handwritten statement. Those discussions probably revolved around whether
the handwritten statement should be admitted or not. I am inclined to believe
that after the DPP and Mr Tiwary confirmed that they were not using the
handwritten statement, the accused was probably persuaded eventually by his
previous counsel not to admit the handwritten statement, although the accused
initially wanted his handwritten statement to be admitted into evidence.

212 Since then, unforeseen developments have arisen. The Prosecution called
the co-accused, Babu, as a rebuttal witness in the main trial after Babu
pleaded guilty mid-way though the joint trial. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 10 lines 11 to 15.

Babu testified that after he ordered three packets of drugs from Boy, Babu
informed the accused of the number of packets he had ordered 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 44 lines 23 to 27; pg 47 lines 13 to 17.

so that the accused could check the quantity when the accused collected the
drugs on his behalf. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 47 lines 15 to 20.

Babu ordered three packets because he had customers (later clarified to be one
Alan) waiting for three packets. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 44 lines 30 and 31.

Babu said that the accused was supposed to collect three packets. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 39 lines 27 to 30.

The accused subsequently called Babu to say that he had collected three
packets. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

NE 1 September 2021 pg 41 lines 26 and 27.

213 Clearly, Babu’s evidence, if accepted, will completely demolish the
accused’s defence that he only expected one bundle to arrive (see [62] above)
(the “one bundle defence”).

214 After Babu had completed his evidence-in-chief, Mr Hassan informed me that
he was not ready to cross-examine Babu and to date, Babu’s cross-examination
has not begun.

215 In my view, even if the accused’s handwritten statement may not have been
particularly relevant to the defence prior to Babu being called as a rebuttal
witness, now that Babu has given very incriminating evidence against the
accused by directly contradicting the accused’s one bundle defence, I am of
the view that (a) the accused’s handwritten statement being penned at the
behest of Babu and written in the way that Babu wanted; and (b) the evidence
of various steps taken by Babu to persuade the accused to lie and exonerate
him, have become crucially relevant to the accused’s overall defence to show
not only a lack of credibility on the part of Babu but also that Babu had even
tried to suborn the accused, who is no doubt an important witness at the joint
trial. Furthermore, the fact that Babu failed to stop the accused from
incriminating him may lead to a line of cross-examination by the accused’s new
counsel on Babu’s credibility, and importantly on whether Babu is now lying in
his evidence to exact revenge on the accused for refusing to co-operate and
exonerate him. To disallow the admission of the accused’s handwritten
statement as well as evidence of the circumstances leading to the creation of
that handwritten statement will, in my view, prejudice the accused’s defence
as Mr Hassan will be impeded in his cross-examination of Babu to rebut Babu’s
incriminating evidence against the accused.

216 As a point of principle and in fairness, a trial court should allow all
evidence which it thinks is relevant to making a just decision, especially
evidence which is material in nature, to be admitted into evidence, even if
this has to be done by way of a recall of witnesses (including the accused)
very late during the trial stage. This is in any event allowed (and even
mandated where the evidence is essential to making a just decision) under s
283 of the CPC, which states as follows:

Power of court to summon and examine persons

283.—(1) A court may, on its own motion or on the application of the
prosecution or the defence, at the close of the case for the defence, or at
the end of any proceeding under this Code, summon a person as a witness or
examine a person in attendance as a witness, whether or not summoned, or
recall and re‑examine a person already examined.

(2) The court must summon and examine or recall and re‑examine such a person
if it thinks the person’s evidence is essential to making a just decision in
the case.

(3) The exercise by a court of its power under subsection (1) is not a ground
for appeal, or for revision, unless the appellant or the applicant (as the
case may be) shows that the examination has led to a failure of justice.

217 In my view, it will not be conducive to making a just decision on the
unusual facts of this case to refuse Mr Hassan’s application to recall the
accused to give further evidence-in-chief of the events leading to the
creation of the accused’s handwritten statement and to admit the accused’s
handwritten statement for the purposes of the main trial. Further, it will
also not be conducive to making a just decision to disallow the accused from
giving further evidence-in-chief of all the other various measures taken by
Babu (one of which I set out below at [218] to [221]) to induce and pressure
the accused to exonerate him at the trial. The accused’s evidence-in-chief of
those measures taken by Babu will provide an evidential basis for Babu’s
cross-examination later on, especially on Babu’s reliability as a rebuttal
witness and on whether Babu is now giving false evidence to destroy the
accused’s one bundle defence out of vengeance because the accused had given
evidence at the main trial incriminating him as the one who ordered the drugs.
The above evidence proposed by Mr Hassan to be adduced through the recall of
certain witnesses appear to be highly relevant to the accused’s case and
should be allowed into evidence as part of the main trial.

Babu arranged for Mr Bachoo Mohan Singh (“Mr Bachoo Mohan”) to interview the
accused in prison

218 One of those measures taken by Babu to pressure the accused to exonerate
him at the trial appears to be instructing Mr Bachoo Mohan (via
intermediaries) and paying his fees for him to interview the accused with a
view to representing the accused if he should agree to exonerate Babu at the
trial. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

NE 24 May 2022 pg 64 line 21 to 30; pg 65 lines 3 to 14.

The accused obviously could not afford to pay the fees. I do note that the
accused had to be provided with assigned counsel all along whereas Babu could
afford to have Mr Tiwary as his briefed counsel. It is clear to me who has the
financial means to engage Mr Bachoo Mohan.

219 The accused first made a written request on 9 April 2015 for an interview
with Mr Bachoo Mohan 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

Exhibit 1T-C7.

on the instructions of Babu. The accused made a second request on 16 February
2016. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

Exhibit 1T-C4.

On 9 March 2016, Mr Bachoo Mohan wrote to the accused that his firm required a
non-refundable payment of his fee before they would be able to despatch a
lawyer to interview him and requested that he instruct a relative or a friend
to attend at their office to make payment for their fees. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

Exhibit 1T-C5.

An Indian lady turned up at the office without prior appointment and
subsequently paid $1000. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

NE 21 July 2022 pg 39 lines 4 to 8 and lines 20 to 21.

An invoice dated 9 April 2016 which was addressed to one Mdm Theresa Ragasvari
D/O Anthony (“Mdm Theresa”) 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

Exhibit 1T-C6.

was prepared for her. It stated that the agreed professional fees were $1,000
for the interview and taking of initial instructions. Mr Bachoo Mohan
ascertained the Indian lady’s identity and address from her identity card. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

NE 21 July 2022 pg 40 lines 22 to 29.

220 However, Mr Baboo Mohan could not enlighten the court on who this Indian
lady is related to. After Mr Hassan told the court that the accused knows who
she is, I allowed the accused to be recalled on this. The accused testified
that the Indian lady, Mdm Theresa, is known to him. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

NE 7 September 2022 pg 53 lines 17 to 25.

She used to work at the accused’s mother’s place and was a casual friend of
his mother. His mother and Mdm Theresa worked as cleaners. Babu knew Mdm
Theresa’s husband as they used to work together. Babu was familiar with her
though her husband. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

NE 7 September 2022 pg 53 lines 27 to 32.

The accused had gone previously with Babu to visit Mdm Theresa and they got to
know each other well. She was very close to Babu. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

NE 7 September 2022 pg 53 line 32 to pg 54 line 2; pg 56 lines 15 and 16.

If Babu had not brought the accused to Mdm Theresa’s place, a one-bedroom
rental flat, he would not have known where Mdm Theresa stayed. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

NE 7 September 2022 pg 54 lines 20 to 26.

According to the accused, the last time he visited Mdm Theresa was sometime in
2013. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

NE 7 September 2022 pg 55 lines 4 and 5.

221 The accused had given evidence that neither he nor his relatives paid Mr
Bachoo Mohan to interview him. It was Babu who arranged for Mr Bachoo Mohan to
see the accused. I note again that no one called Babu or Mdm Theresa to give
evidence at the ancillary hearing. But based on the available evidence before
me, I find that Babu had likely arranged for Mdm Theresa to procure the
services of Mr Bahoo Mohan to interview the accused with a view to act for the
accused on the condition that the accused was agreeable to exonerate Babu at
the joint trial.

222 This step taken of engaging Mr Bachoo Mohan to interview the accused also
fits the accused’s narrative that Babu had been using all kinds of methods
(and the accused had given extensive evidence of them) to induce and pressure
the accused to exonerate him at the joint trial; getting briefed counsel to
act for the accused is just another one of those measures.

No instructions to ignore the accused’s written instructions

223 Both Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker were emphatic in their evidence that the
accused told them not to follow his written instructions at the end of the
lock-up meeting. However, Mr Revi Shanker’s own written notes at the lock-up
meeting contradict that, stating: “Hari told us to follow his instruction in
respect of his defence.” (see [114] and [130] above). The accused denied that
he told his previous counsel to ignore his written notes.

224 I believe the accused that he had never told his previous counsel to
ignore his written notes. If indeed his previous counsel misheard the accused
instructing them to ignore his written notes, then there is a real possibility
of prejudice to the conduct of the accused’s defence.

Difficulty giving instructions to Mr Johan

225 There is clear evidence in support of my finding that the accused had
difficulty communicating his instructions to Mr Johan, his lead counsel.

226 In the audio recording, Mr Revi Shanker could be heard telling Ms Kavitha
and Ms Siroshini that the accused and Mr Johan could not get along, 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 10 lines 14 to 15.

and that they were always fighting. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 10 lines 16 to 18.

227 On Mr Johan’s personality, Mr Revi Shanker agreed that Mr Johan sometimes
could be very vocal and would lose his temper with the accused, resulting in
Mr Revi Shanker seeing the accused without Mr Johan on occasions, (which, in
my view, may have led to other possible problems of a lack of co-ordination
between the lead and assisting counsel): 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

NE 13 September 2022 pg 32 line 12 to pg 33 line 6.

Witness (Mr Revi Shanker): With due respect to you [ie, Mr Johan], I know that
I have seen Haridass---Mr Johan also, Mr Johan---the reason you know why---you
know the reason why. Because you have told in Court that basically Mr Johan
sometimes can be very vocal. He’s trying to show his face, sometimes he throws
his pen. You see, he can become angry faster but for me, different. I’m more
on the---submissive. I listen to them and I’m able to talk to him in Tamil.
That’s the reason I have seen him; otherwise I will not because normally we go
together. Sometimes lead counsel will go normally on their own, anyway we
discuss is this case, defence. Sometimes he will tell me---he don’t tell me
everything but he tell me they discussed based on the agreed bundle.

Q Since you are on the issue of Mr Johan’s personality, so he---in your
presence, he did throw his pen, lose his temper or show his face, in your
words, to Mr Haridass?

A That’s his style. If he’s---Haridass---

Q No, I’m just saying. Did he? Yes or no?

A Yah, yah, I have seen, nothing wrong with that.

Q Yes. I didn’t ask you whether it’s right or wrong but have you seen it?

A Yah, it’s nothing wrong with that because when a client talking nonsense,
maybe his personality is like that. My personality is different. I would be---
listen. Sometimes I also scold my clients.

Q No. I’m just saying did he---

Court: Factually, have you seen---

Witness: Yah, yah, I have seen, I have seen.

228 During the ancillary hearing, the accused unsurprisingly expressed his
confusion and the frustrations that he felt when giving his instructions to Mr
Johan. When Mr Johan cross-examined the accused on whether he and Mr Revi
Shanker were logical in their advice to him, he disagreed that they were
logical and said: 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

NE 26 May 2022 pg 93 lines 25 to 31.

Because when I tell you, Mr Johan, some things, you don’t seem to like it. And
when I---and then you will turn around and tell me, ‘I’m your lawyer. You
listen to me; I don’t have to listen to you.’ When you tell me this, I get
frighten. And within me, I have this confusion, ‘He’s my lawyer, he’s supposed
to act for me. And if he tells me such a thing, what am I supposed to do?’ As
far as I’m concerned, every time I open my mouth to say something, you throw
your tantrums and scold me. You yourself know that.

229 I believe the accused that despite his difficulties in giving his
instructions to Mr Johan, he was afraid to discharge Mr Johan and Mr Revi
Shanker because he already had numerous changes of counsel. He was worried
that he might end up having to represent himself in the capital trial.
However, it turns out that it was Mr Johan and Mr Revi Shanker who discharged
themselves from acting for the accused whilst the accused was in the midst of
being cross-examined by Mr Tiwary.

230 In my view, the accused’s difficulties in communicating his instructions
to Mr Johan (which he expected Mr Johan to follow), whether these difficulties
were due to (a) a personality clash; (b) overbearing conduct on Mr Johan’s
part; (c) Mr Johan’s dismissive attitude towards the accused with regard to
what the accused wanted to be done; or (d) Mr Johan’s insistence that the
accused must always listen to him as he is the accused’s lawyer, are indeed a
genuine cause for concern. In light of the frequent fights and arguments
between the accused and Mr Johan when the accused was giving his instructions
to Mr Johan, there is a real risk of the accused being intimidated and
inhibited when giving his instructions. This is another reason why I am
allowing the application of Mr Hassan to recall certain Prosecution witnesses,
who were earlier cross-examined by Mr Johan. Hopefully, this will be
sufficient to remedy the situation and avoid the risk of injustice to the
accused in this ongoing trial.

Accused’s depression affecting the accused’s state of mind

231 I believe the accused that he suffered from depression at the material
time and was taking medication. His depression was precipitated by the news he
received that his girlfriend was having an affair.

232 With the accused’s depression, it is not surprising that he was not in the
right frame of mind. That affected how he conducted himself, for instance: (a)
in changing his position a few times on who in fact ordered the drugs, which
may have an impact on his credibility generally and perhaps also on whether
the court will believe his one bundle defence; and (b) in making a handwritten
statement which was not true and which exonerated Babu completely based on
what Babu had told him to say, and handing that handwritten statement over to
Mr Tiwary.

233 Some leeway must therefore be given to the accused because the accused
might not have had the opportunity to instruct his counsel properly and
comprehensively at the material time, given his depression and the pressures
he was labouring under.

234 Therefore, if new counsel for the accused apply for a recall of the
accused and certain Prosecution witnesses to cover areas which were not
previously canvassed during the main trial, I will be slow to refuse the new
counsel’s application. I cannot see any abuse of the court’s process if the
application for recall is allowed under the circumstances. Rather it would be
an injustice and a prejudice occasioned to the accused at trial if the new
counsel’s application for recall is denied.

Audio recording and the transcript evidencing misconduct and improper legal
advice

235 In the audio recording (which has been transcribed and translated as parts
of the conversation were in Tamil and Malay), Mr Revi Shanker can be heard
telling Ms Kavitha and Ms Siroshini that if the accused cooperates by saying
that the accused ordered the drugs from “Boy”, then Babu can support the
accused. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 lines 9 to 11.

Further Mr Revi Shanker explains that what Mr Tiwary is trying to say is that
they can “support” the accused on the accused’s defence of one “batu” (ie, one
bundle). 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 5 lines 7 to 10; pg 6 lines 7 to 9.

Mr Tiwary does not want the accused to say that Babu is the one who ordered
the drugs. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 9 lines 16 to 18.

Mr Revi Shanker says that if the accused implicates or “pinpoint[s]” Babu,
Babu and Mr Tiwary are going to bring five witnesses who are both the
accused’s and Babu’s friends 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 6 lines 13 to 15.

to testify against the accused and “kill” the accused, and that the accused
will “die”. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 6 lines 10 to 12.

Mr Revi Shanker reiterates at a later part of the conversation that Mr Tiwary
is going to bring five witnesses. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 6 line 21.

Mr Revi Shanker also states that even though Babu had links with Boy (the
supplier in Malaysia), the accused also occasionally ordered from Boy
directly. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 9 lines 20 to 22.

Mr Revi Shanker tells Ms Kavitha and Ms Siroshini: “They [presumably referring
to Babu and Mr Tiwary] want to bring evidence, you know or not? Somebody will
tell he (ie, the accused) also have ordered directly from Boy and jockey (ie,
the courier from Malaysia to Singapore) have passed to him (ie, the accused).”
365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 9 lines 22 to 24.

236 Mr Revi Shanker says that unless both the accused and Babu want to help
each other, both of them will “go down” (ie, both the accused and Babu will be
convicted of the capital charge). 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 6 line 25.

Mr Revi Shanker then says: “So, if both of them [ie, the accused and Babu]
want to agree on going on one [bundle of drugs] ah, [Babu] can support [the
accused on this defence], and [Mr Tiwary] can bring people [ie, witnesses] who
can support [the accused].” 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

Exhibit C14 – Audio File Reference  at pg 6 lines 28 to 30.

Mr Revi Shanker essentially elaborates that under this defence, of the three
bundles of drugs, two bundles were supposed to be given back to the supplier
and were not intended for trafficking. This will in turn mean that the offence
will be one of possession, and the trafficking amount will be reduced to one
bundle, with no death penalty involved. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 6 line 30 to pg 7 line 5.

Mr Revi Shanker says that if the “one packet theory” happens to work out, the
accused will escape the death penalty. 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 1 lines 29 to 31.

Mr Revi Shanker emphasises: “We want to save both lives. I also must save---
see I also must save---I also must save Babu. Both.” He goes on to state:
“Two, you see, two lives to save. Not enough just to save one life, cannot
just say save one life, isn’t that wrong? It’s wrong. For me, both lives must
be saved.” 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 7 lines 5 to 12.

Mr Revi Shanker then says that that is his thinking, but the problem is that
the accused is not thinking in the same way because he is angry with Babu. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 7 lines 12 to 14.

237 When Ms Siroshini protests that the accused cannot trust Babu in relation
to working together on the defence that only one bundle was meant to be
trafficked, since Babu has denied his involvement and is not going to “work
for the one [bundle]”, 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 9 line 32 to pg 10 line 11.

Mr Revi Shanker says: 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 10 line 12 to 23.

Yes, I know, Ramesh is basically---I---they won’t play you out. If you---life.
You understand or not? He [ie, Mr Tiwary] already gave assurance. Definitely
he would---now at least they want to go. Because he know---Ramesh know if Babu
---if Hari going to vomit [ie, implicate Babu as the one who ordered the
drugs], he---his client also finished. Both will go in. So, to save both of
them, go on one batu [ie, one bundle]. At least we support each other, if we
get the two batu [ie, the other two bundles] out of the way, we save the life.
You understand or not? Maybe 10 years, 15 years, nothing more than that. Both
of them will come out. If both of them are fighting, both of them bye---bye-
bye. You know, what death sentence. That’s it. They’re finished, you know.
Appeal also---

238 Ms Siroshini then asks whether Mr Revi Shanker and Mr Tiwary are going to
fight the case on the basis that only one bundle was meant to be trafficked.
374

##### Foot Note 374

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 10 line 24.

Mr Revi Shanker assures her: “I’m definitely---we’re fighting one book (ie,
one bundle).” 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 10 line 25.

Mr Revi Shanker then goes on to say: 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 10 line 27 to pg 11 line 2.

Ramesh, once Babu put in---once Hari pinpoint Babu, Ramesh would have denied
completely. Deny completely, you know. They will not fight for one batu [ie,
one bundle]. I’m telling you now. They will not. He say no. He’s going to
completely deny. He’s saying everything is---for that transaction, you know,
this transaction is totally Hari’s. He [ie, Babu] will go and deny because
statement---his [ie, Babu’s] statement also like that, what. Right?

239 Mr Revi Shanker also reveals that Mr Tiwary had already told him many
times that Mr Tiwary would “kill” the accused if the accused implicates Babu,
and would “help” the accused if the accused “support[s]” Babu: 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 3 lines 28 to 31.

That is true, that is true---he told me many times already. ‘If Hari going to
kill Babu, because I’m [ie, Mr Tiwary] going to kill him.’ Correct? ‘If Hari
going to support him, I [ie, Mr Tiwary] will help him.’

240 Mr Revi Shanker then follows by saying that if the accused goes into the
witness box, he must testify that one bundle was ordered from Boy directly
(ie, Babu did not do the ordering). 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 lines 7 to 9.

241 Ms Kavita then informs Mr Revi Shanker that if Mr Revi Shanker really
wanted, she will try to see the accused and talk things out with him, to which
Mr Revi Shanker replies that Ms Kavita cannot come to court the next day if Ms
Kavita is still contemplating becoming a witness for the accused. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 line 27 to pg 5 line 2.

I note that Mr Revi Shanker does not dissuade Ms Kavita from talking to the
accused to convince him to say that he ordered the drugs from Boy directly,
without the involvement of Babu.

242 Mid-way through the conversation with Ms Kavitha and Ms Siroshini, Mr Revi
Shanker takes a mobile call from Mr Johan. In that call, Mr Revi Shanker can
be heard telling Mr Johan 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 7 lines 10 to 17.

:

Okay, okay. Okay, now I told Ramesh--- … ---today, Ramesh okay lah--- … ---I
mean since he is not going to do it. Just in case--- … ---he’s [ie, Mr Tiwary]
going to line up five---five people, okay.

243 Mr Revi Shanker then tells Mr Johan that he is presently speaking with Ms
Kavitha. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 7 lines 18 to 19.

244 Later, Mr Revi Shanker re-assures Ms Kavitha that Mr Tiwary had assured Mr
Revi Shanker that Mr Tiwary and Babu will never ‘play out’ the accused, if the
accused admits that he (and not Babu) was the one who had ordered one bundle
of drugs: 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 2 lines 5 to 21.

Male Speaker: You understand or not? Because otherwise he’s facing death, I’m
telling you---

Female Speaker 1: But definitely if Hari is going to admit that, okay, he’s
the one who ordered the one book, Babu will definitely---Ramesh sure?

Male Speaker: He [ie, Mr Tiwary] already assured to me and they will bring
people to support him [ie, the accused] that he have told the---

Female Speaker 1: They [ie, Mr Tiwary and Babu] will never play him [ie, the
accused] out, right?

Male Speaker: No. We’re not that kind of people. Come on. We want to save
life. Ramesh also want to save. You think what? Already you---because of him
[ie, the accused], you want to kill another person? Cannot. We’re all swear on
ethics, you know. Remember or not? We want to save life. My thing is simple. I
want to save Hari. I want to save Babu also, correct? Otherwise, both of them
will go down. But he [ie, Babu] will try his---he will try their luck. If they
escape, escape. But Hari will not escape. I’m telling you. Because he was
caught in his---you understand or not? He’s admitted. You see, who is the hot
soup now? Here hot soup is Hari, not Babu.

245 Mr Revi Shanker mentions in a later part of the conversation that the
problem is what those two extra bundles were for. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 lines 14.

He says that some people need to come forward to say that those extra bundles
were not supposed to go to the accused. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 lines 20 to 23.

Ms Kavitha asks who is going to come forward to say that. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 lines 24.

Mr Revi Shanker, referring to Babu’s “game plan”, replies: “That is why. Now,
it is because of that, now, there are people to tell.” (likely referring to
the witnesses that Mr Tiwary intended to call in support of the accused). 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 lines 25 to 28.

246 Mr Revi Shanker then tells the two ladies: “oh, tell him [ie, the accused]
to tell. Why do I have to tell? Tell him to tell. That it is he [ie, the
accused] who placed an order for one batu [ie, one bundle].” 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 4 lines 29 to 31.

247 Mr Revi Shanker reminds the two ladies that Babu will not be compromising
his position that he is not involved in the offence and that he did not order
the drugs from “Boy”. Mr Revi Shanker agrees with Ms Kavitha that Babu is
smart, having had a prior trafficking record, and states that Babu would
therefore “play his game well”. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 5 lines 4 to 8.

Mr Revi Shanker reiterates that: 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 5 lines 8 to 13.

Because if you help, I will help you. I bring people to support you, you know,
regarding the one batu theory. People will support you. You want to go against
me, I come and bring people to whack you, to kill you. More. So the chances,
Hari go down is 90% he’s confirmed there.

248 Ms Kavitha then asks whether the accused knows what is going to happen if
he implicates Babu in his evidence. Mr Revi Shanker replies that he had told
the accused about it: 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 5 line 21 to pg 6 line 16.

I told him, I told him when---he said, ‘No, no, it’s okay. We will try.’ I
told him, ‘We’ll try.’ I told him, ‘You will die. They will kill you’, I told
him. That is one. Then while on the stand, they will deal with him seriously.
(indistinct) just shake, it is over. Judge not stupid. So if we put forth the
one batu theory, support will come along eventually, work along, we can win.
Not say we---I can I---we cannot say 100%. At least we got there 80% chance.
That’s okay. Possible to two batu. Okay these two to be returned. The latest
case, there is one, just recently released the case. The case which I had done
before with another lawyer. Court of Appeal had said, ‘Since you want to give
back to the same owner, you’re not considered a trafficker. Possession.’
Automatically will be reduced, no more death penalty already, what. Only for
one batu you go in. The other two batu is for possession. Okay, what.

…

You understand, Kavitha? We’re not going to --- you see, we --- all of us
don’t want to kill him or whatever, you know. We want to save. For me, I want
to save both lives. Okay. Whatever they’ve done, whatever Babu done, done
okay. Maybe he’s a bad person. Never mind. But we don’t want to kill another
person. I want to save both. I even I told Hari I want to save Babu also. At
the same time, your life also, what. I cannot be, oh, my client also must only
my client must be alive. He can go and die. Is that how I would think? No,
it’s wrong.

249 Ms Shiroshini asks Mr Revi Shanker for his help to let her talk to the
accused in Supreme Court 4C the next morning on 2 April 2019, which was the
date scheduled for the next tranche of the hearing. Mr Revi Shanker agrees.
391

##### Foot Note 391

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 7 lines 19 to 20.

Ms Kavitha wonders whether she should come and whether the accused will listen
to her. Ms Siroshini says that Ms Kavitha can help to talk to the accused, and
he may “listen to her for the one book” (ie, one bundle). Ms Kavitha is unsure
if there will be enough time for her to convince the accused, to which Mr Revi
Shanker says that they can talk to the accused for ten minutes. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 8 lines 8 to 19.

250 Mr Revi Shanker says that when the accused comes tomorrow to court, he
will talk to the accused first. He suggests that Ms Kavitha could go and apply
for leave the next day to talk to the accused and “see how one more time”. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 6 lines 21 to 24.

Ms Siroshini says that she will go with Mr Revi Shanker and talk to the
accused. 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 6 line 25.

Mr Revi Shanker says: “Talk to him, then if possible maybe come the following
day, see what happens and then check with him. Until and when he don’t go to
the stand, , [sic] think we are still okay.” 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 6 lines 26 to 28.

251 On the question of who ordered the one bundle, Mr Revi Shanker says: 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 3 lines 7 to 21.

Male Speaker: Who ordered the one batu? We do not know, until now you do not
know. Maybe Hari telling lie ah. Maybe---

Female Speaker 1: Yes. Hari don’t have this kind of thing to---he don’t have
---anybody.

Male Speaker: No. He knows Boy’s number what.

Female Speaker 1: How did he know Boy’s number?

Female Speaker 2: No, but clear cut this because---

Male Speaker: All given by Babu what.

Female Speaker 1: Ah

Male Speaker: Yes, but on that one, who ordered?

Female Speaker 2: Babu ordered because you know why, when received, he called
Babu and say, ‘Received already but I received extra two books [ie, two
bundles].’

Female Speaker 1: Yah, but I had not much---that not--

Male Speaker: But we don’t know what, actual story.

252 Finally, Mr Revi Shanker agrees with Ms Kavitha that they should try to
talk to the accused: 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 17 lines 4 to 12; Exhibit C14 -
Audio File Reference  at pg 18 lines 27 to 29.

Male Speaker: Nothing. I mean, he did something, but Ramesh trying to bring
it. But I know Ramesh tyring to play the game also, came in---but he---see,
end of the day, he also want to save his client. He knows if Hari going to
spit out things, Babu also go. What I fear is that, both of them will go. That
is what I am scared. Then, we have to save both of them. The DPP will have no
work.

Female Speaker 1: Will it help if I go and talk?

Male Speaker: We should try. I don’t know. I actually listen to him, but I
think now I think maybe don’t---don’t---don’t trust Babu.

…

Female Speaker 2: Yah, I’ll try to talk to Hari also tomorrow.

Male Speaker: See what he says.

Female Speaker 2: Can.

253 As to what will happen if they manage to persuade the accused (ie, to
testify at the joint trial that the accused directly ordered only one bundle
from Boy but three bundles were delivered to the accused by mistake), Mr Revi
Shanker says to let him talk to Mr Tiwary: 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

Exhibit C14 - Audio File Reference  at pg 19 lines 8 to 13

Female Speaker 1: If Hari says ok after talking to him?

Male Speaker: Not---I’m not going to play him out.

Female Speaker 1: (indistinct)

Male Speaker: Ramesh Tiwary, no, no, no, I---let---let me talk to Ramesh.

Female Speaker 2: Okay, thank you.

Male Speaker: Yes, good.

254 However, at para 27 of Mr Johan’s affidavit, he states: “We never asked
the accused to say that the co-accused [ie, Babu] was not involved”. At para
25 of Mr Revi Shanker’s affidavit, he states that he agrees with para 27 of Mr
Johan’s affidavit.

255 Having regard to the portions of the transcript of the audio recording
that I have set out in detail above, it is apparent that paras 25 and 27 of Mr
Johan’s and Mr Revi Shanker’s affidavits are untrue. I believe the accused’s
version of events that the accused was asked not to implicate Babu.

256 I accept the submission of the accused that the undisputed audio
transcripts evidence grave misconduct on the part of Mr Revi Shanker in
advising the accused (quite inappropriately in my view) not to implicate Babu
in order to save both the accused’s and Babu’s lives when the accused’s clear
instructions were that Babu was involved in the drug transaction and that it
was Babu who ordered the drugs from “Boy”. The audio transcripts essentially
provide strong corroboration of the accused’s testimony that Mr Revi Shanker
had told him not to implicate Babu.

257 I note that Mr Tiwary had arranged for some inmates from prison to be
identified by the accused when he was under cross-examination by Mr Tiwary.
Could these be the persons which Mr Tiwary intended to call to “support” the
accused if the accused exonerated Babu or to “whack” the accused if the
accused incriminated Babu, as referred to by Mr Revi Shanker in the portion of
the audio transcript reproduced at [247] above?

258 As the accused stood firm on his instructions, Mr Revi Shanker failed in
his attempt to persuade the accused to adopt his trial strategy to save both
the accused’s and Babu’s lives. That strategy involved the accused completely
exonerating Babu through the accused’s evidence in exchange for the accused
obtaining evidential support from witnesses to be called by Mr Tiwary for the
accused’s defence that he ordered only one bundle from Boy. Mr Revi Shanker
then led evidence-in-chief from the accused at the joint trial, which was
along the lines of the accused’s defence, ie, that the accused had an
expectation of receiving only one bundle of drugs, but three bundles were
delivered instead, and that Babu had told the accused that he ordered “a
packet of heroin” and the accused was to collect that heroin for him 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

NE 3 April 2019 pg 18 lines 6 and 7.

.

259 On balance, I also believe the accused that Mr Revi Shanker had suggested
to him to say that the CNB officers had induced him to implicate Babu in his
statements to the CNB officers, which the accused said was untrue and was not
his instructions to his previous counsel.

260 What is more important is whether there is any adverse impact resulting
from the advice and suggestions which the accused has proved on a balance of
probability to have been made to him by Mr Revi Shanker, which will make it
necessary for the accused, now represented by new counsel, to (a) be given an
opportunity to recall certain Prosecution witnesses for further cross-
examination; and (b) be allowed another opportunity to give further evidence-
in-chief on matters that were not alluded to previously by him in his
evidence-in-chief led by Mr Revi Shanker.

261 In my view, this has not directly impacted the accused’s defence because
the accused had declined to follow Mr Revi Shanker’s advice and trial strategy
of exonerating Babu and saving both the accused’s and Babu’s lives. However, I
find that what Mr Revi Shanker did, not only added to those pressures exerted
on the accused by Babu, but also affected the accused mentally and compounded
the difficulties the accused faced in giving his instructions fully and
properly to his previous counsel. It will be difficult to determine (and I do
not wish to do so) what exactly was omitted in the cross-examination of the
Prosecution witnesses and/or the accused’s evidence-in-chief, or what was not
carried out by the accused’s previous counsel based on the many instructions
of the accused given to his previous counsel over a long period of time.

262 It suffices to say that a practical solution to resolve any potential
adverse impact arising from any failure to follow the myriad instructions of
the accused to his previous counsel, and to address the many complaints of the
accused, is to allow the accused’s new counsel, Mr Hassan and Ms Chitra (who
would presumably have properly taken a comprehensive set of instructions from
the accused by now), to recall the necessary witnesses (including the accused)
or call further witnesses based on those instructions when the main trial
resumes.

Conclusion

263 For the reasons I have stated, I allow the accused’s application to (a)
recall certain Prosecution witnesses for further cross-examination; (b) give
further evidence-in-chief in support of his defence; and (c) call additional
witnesses (if any) to testify in his defence. The DPP is of course allowed to
further re-examine those Prosecution witnesses recalled by the accused and
further cross-examine the accused on his further evidence-in-chief. The
additional witnesses (if any) called by the accused to testify will be subject
to the usual cross-examination by the DPP and re-examination by the accused.
The fresh evidence to be led must, as far as possible, not be a repeat what
has been adduced as evidence earlier in the main trial. The additional
evidence must of course be relevant and legally admissible.

264 I reiterate that this case is not simply one of inadequate legal
representation where, amongst other things, there was much difficulty faced by
the accused in giving his instructions to Mr Johan and inappropriate advice
was given to the accused to exonerate Babu contrary to the instructions of the
accused. It also concerns Babu’s persistent and undue pressure on the accused
to change his evidence to exonerate Babu. It also unfortunately involves
pressure from the accused’s own previous counsel, Mr Revi Shanker, to accept
his legal advice and trial strategy to save both Babu and the accused’s own
life by testifying in court that the accused (and not Babu) had ordered the
drugs. Mr Revi Shanker’s trial strategy also entailed the accused, in return
for exonerating Babu, receiving evidential support for the accused’s own one
bundle defence which would be forthcoming from Babu’s side, and which Mr Revi
Shanker told the accused Mr Tiwary had given an assurance on. This case also
involves the Prosecution’s calling of Babu as a rebuttal witness after Babu
pleaded guilty. This event, which was not anticipated by the accused, now
precipitates the need, from the accused’s perspective, to rebut Babu’s very
damaging evidence by adducing additional evidence to demonstrate Babu’s lack
of credibility and perhaps also to establish Babu’s desire for revenge.

Chan Seng Onn  
Senior Judge|  
---|---  
  
Terence Chua Seng Leng, Nicholas Wuan Kin Lek and Kwang Jia Min (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Hassan Esa Almenoar (R Ramason & Almenoar) and Balakrishnan Chitra (Regency
Legal LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 21 Nov 2022 (09:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

