Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 236

Criminal Case No 5 of 2022

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Mohamed Ansari bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz  
---  
  
Grounds of decision

[Criminal Law — Statutory Offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Mohamed Ansari bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz

  

[2022] SGHC 236

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 5 of 2022  
Valerie Thean J  
13, 14, 18–20, 27, 28 January, 17–20 May, 22 July, 19 September 2022

3 October 2022

Valerie Thean J:

1 The accused, a 49-year-old Singaporean male, was arrested on 24 March 2016.
Officers who searched the apartment where he stayed seized substances that
contained not less than 30.23g of diamorphine. The accused claimed trial to
the following charge (“the Charge”): 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Charge sheet, 2nd Charge.

…

That you, MOHAMED ANSARI BIN MOHAMED ABDUL AZIZ,

…

on 24 March 2016 at about 2.30 pm, at unit #03-27 of Vibes @ East Coast,
located at Lorong N Telok Kurau, Singapore, did traffic in a Class "A"
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap.
185, 2008 Rev. Ed.), to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of
trafficking 77 packets containing not less than 763.2 g of granular/powdery
substance which was analysed and found to contain not less than 30.23 g of
diamorphine, without authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made
thereunder and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a)
read with section 5(2) of the MDA and punishable under section 33(1) of the
MDA, and further upon your conviction, you may alternatively be liable to be
punished under section 33B of the said Act.

2 After trial, on 22 July 2022, I convicted the accused on the Charge. On 19
September 2022, I heard parties’ submissions on sentence and found that the
accused did not meet the requirements of s 33B(2)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). I therefore imposed the death penalty.
These are my written grounds of decision.

Undisputed facts

3 On 24 March 2016, at about 12.20pm, the accused went to Lengkong Tiga to
collect a consignment of drugs. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) (19 May 2022), p 12 lines 12–22; Agreed Bundle (“AB”)
652.

He was driven there by one Jufri bin Mohd Alif (“Jufri”) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE (19 May 2022), p 12 line 30 to p 13 line 3.

and accompanied by his girlfriend, Bella Fadila (“Bella”), a 26-year-old
Indonesian female. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE (19 May 2022), p 12 lines 12–19.

4 At Lengkong Tiga, the accused collected two batu of drugs from one Murugesan
a/l Arumugam (“Murugesan”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE (18 May 2022), p 32 lines 15–21.

At this juncture, Jufri, Bella, Murugesan, and the accused were arrested by
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE (18 May 2022), p 22 lines 19–21.

5 At about 2.25pm, the accused and Bella were escorted by the CNB officers to
their rental apartment at unit #03-27 of Vibes @ East Coast, located at Lorong
N Telok Kurau, Singapore (“the Unit”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE (18 May 2022), p 22 lines 24–26; AB 654.

A search was conducted of the master bedroom of the Unit and the following
exhibits which were the subject matter of the Charge were seized:

(a) Hanging behind the master bedroom door (“Location A”), 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE (18 May 2022), p 22 line 33 to p 23 line 5; AB 664.

a bag which contained several packets of granular substance. The drugs found
at this location were marked as exhibits A1A1A2A, A1A1A3A1, A1A1A4A1,
A1A1A5A1A, A1A1A6A1, A1A1A6B1 and A1A1A7A. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions dated 4 July 2022 (“PWS”) at para 11 and
Annex B.

(b) In the wardrobe of the master bedroom (“Location B”), 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE (18 May 2022), p 30 lines 10–11; NE (19 May 2022), p 9 lines 6–8; AB
664–665.

a box of tissue paper which contained one packet of granular substance, as
well as a separate packet of granular substance lying next to it. The drugs
containing diamorphine found at this location were marked as exhibits B1A1A1
and B1D2. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PWS at para 11 and Annex B.

(c) On the floor beside the window (“Location C”), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE (18 May 2022), p 24 lines 13–19; AB 665.

a paper bag containing several packets of granular substance, two pouches
(each containing several packets of granular substance) and two weighing
scales. The drugs found at this location were marked as exhibits C1A1A1,
C1A1B1A, C1A1C1A, C1A2A1A, C1A2B1A, C1A2C1A, C1A3A1A, C1A3B1A and C1A3C1A. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PWS at para 11 and Annex B.

6 In total, 77 packets containing a total of not less than 763.2g of granular
substance were found in the Unit. The granular substance was analysed and
found to contain not less than 30.23g of diamorphine (“the Drugs”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PWS at Annex B.

Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) analysis also revealed that the accused and
Bella’s DNAs were present on numerous exhibits seized from the Unit. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence’s Written Submissions filed on 11 July 2022 (“DWS”) at paras 20 and
23.

7 The accused was charged with nine charges, two of which are of relevance.
The first of these concerned the accused’s possession of the drugs that were
found in the car at Lengkong Tiga for the purpose of trafficking under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA (“the First Charge”). The second charge is
the Charge under present consideration, for having in his possession the Drugs
for the purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA.

8 The Prosecution initially proceeded on the First Charge against the accused
and stood down the remaining charges. Joint trial commenced against Murugesan
and the accused. Subsequently, Murugesan pleaded guilty to a reduced charge
and the accused was granted a discharge amounting to an acquittal on 24 July
2020. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE in CC 37/2019 (24 July 2020), p 2 line 3.

I mention the joint trial in Criminal Case No 37 of 2019 (“CC 37/2019”) as
background as I will return to contentions made there in the course of these
grounds of decision.

Context

9 The Charge concerned ss 5(1)(a) and 5(2) of the MDA, which read as follows:

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

10 The term “traffic” is defined under s 2 of the MDA as follows:

“traffic” means —

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning.

11 The Prosecution contended that the accused was in possession of the Drugs
for the purpose of selling the same. In fulfilling its burden of proof, the
Prosecution sought to use the following ten statements from the accused: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Accused’s Statements (Volume 1) (“ASv1”) and Accused’s Statements (Volume 2)
(“ASv2”).

(a) a statement recorded on 31 March 2016 at about 10.36am, under s 22 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (the “CPC”) (the “31 March
Statement”);

(b) a statement recorded on 4 April 2016 at about 2.40pm under s 22 of the CPC
(the “4 April Statement”);

(c) a cautioned statement recorded on 9 December 2016 at about 10.26am under s
23 of the CPC in relation to the original version of the Charge which was a
joint charge involving Bella and him (the “9 December Statement”);

(d) a cautioned statement recorded on 9 December 2016 at about 10.42am under s
23 of the CPC;

(e) a cautioned statement recorded on 9 December 2016 at about 10.53am under s
23 of the CPC;

(f) a cautioned statement recorded on 9 December 2016 at about 11.01am under s
23 of the CPC;

(g) a cautioned statement recorded on 9 December 2016 at about 11.09am under s
23 of the CPC;

(h) a cautioned statement recorded on 9 December 2016 at about 11.18am under s
23 of the CPC;

(i) a cautioned statement recorded on 23 January 2017 at about 10.01am under s
23 of the CPC; and

(j) a cautioned statement recorded on 23 January 2017 at about 10.16am under s
23 of the CPC.

12 The accused disputed the admissibility of three of these statements: the 31
March Statement, the 4 April Statement and the 9 December Statement
(collectively, the “Challenged Statements”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE (27 January 2022), p 13 lines 9–23.

While the accused did not dispute the other cautioned statements recorded on 9
December 2016, these related to the third to ninth charges. The Challenged
Statements were pivotal to the case and I deal first with their admissibility.

Admissibility of the Challenged Statements

13 The Challenged Statements were given by the accused to one Station
Inspector Fathli bin Mohd Yusof (“SI Fathli”) in the course of investigations.
The accused’s case was that he had been induced by SI Fathli to make the
Challenged Statements. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence’s Written Submissions in the Ancillary Hearing dated 12 March 2022
(“DWS (AH)”) at para 1.

14 In CC 37/2019, the accused challenged the voluntariness of six statements
adduced by the Prosecution. These included the 31 March and 4 April
Statements. The six statements were:

(a) two contemporaneous statements, one recorded on 24 March 2016 at about
1.20pm in the CNB operational vehicle and another at about 3.32pm in the
bedroom of the Unit;

(b) a cautioned statement recorded on 25 March 2016 at about 3.08am under s 23
of the CPC (“25 March Statement”);

(c) a long statement recorded on 30 March 2016 at about 2.59pm under s 22 of
the CPC (“30 March Statement”); and

(d) the 31 March and 4 April Statements.

15 The accused’s version of events is recounted in Public Prosecutor v Mohamed
Ansari bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz and another [2019] SGHC 268 (“Ansari (No 1)”) at
[6]–[7]. In brief, the accused alleged that, on 24 March 2016 in the CNB
operational vehicle, he had begged Staff Sergeant Muhammad Helmi bin Abdul
Jalal (“SSGT Helmi”) to “let Bella go because she’s not involved in the case”.
SSGT Helmi responded, “It depends on what you say”. This induced him to make
the two contemporaneous statements referred to at [14(a)] above. Further, on
25 March 2016, at about 3.00am, he was taken to an interview room at the
Police Cantonment Complex Lock-up and was alone with SI Fathli in the room for
a brief moment. The accused testified that he had begged SI Fathli “to let
Bella go, Bella my girlfriend, because she’s not involved in this”. The
accused alleged that SI Fathli then said “[s]o far you have been
[cooperative]. So if you continue cooperating, we will let Bella go” (“SI
Fathli’s Inducement”). This induced the accused to make the rest of the
statements at [14(b)]–[14(d)] above.

16 After an ancillary hearing, Chan J found that the Prosecution had not met
its burden of proof for the statements at [14(a)]–[14(c)] above. Chan J was
not satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the inducements had not been made
and, if so made, had not operated on the accused’s mind. In respect of the 31
March and 4 April Statements, on the other hand, Chan J held that these were
voluntarily made: Ansari (No 1) at [39] and [61]. In contrast to the earlier
statements where he maintained Bella was not involved, the accused had
incriminated Bella in these two statements. He further admitted that he had
given the information which incriminated Bella in his bid to obtain a
Certificate of Substantive Assistance (“CSA”). Chan J held that his motive of
self-preservation had, by this time, overcome his motive to protect Bella, and
SI Fathli’s Inducement, made six and ten days prior, had dissipated: Ansari
(No 1) at [59].

17 In this trial, the Prosecution did not seek to re-open the issue of whether
an inducement occurred nor to admit the four statements that Chan J had ruled
to be involuntary. They sought to adduce the 31 March and 4 April Statements
which Chan J had admitted in the earlier proceedings. The accused, on the
other hand, challenged once again the admissibility of both these statements.
He also challenged the 9 December Statement which was not considered in Ansari
(No 1). The Prosecution initially adopted the position that the accused was
not able to re-open the already-determined issue of whether SI Fathli’s
Inducement had dissipated when the Challenged Statements were made, but
subsequently decided that the accused should not be precluded from challenging
admissibility by raising new evidence in the present proceedings.

18 In considering the new evidence, I took into account Beh Chew Boo v Public
Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 180 (“Beh Chew Boo”), where the Court of Appeal held
that the court had the inherent power to prevent the use of its procedure
which would be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it, or would
otherwise bring the administration of justice into disrepute among right-
thinking people: Beh Chew Boo at [82(a)]. The administration of justice could
potentially be brought into disrepute where manifest inconsistency arises
between the court’s findings in two separate sets of proceedings. However,
whether this amounts to an abuse of process remains a fact-sensitive inquiry:
Beh Chew Boo at [82(f)], [82(g)] and [83]. The Court of Appeal observed that
the existence of the risk of manifest inconsistency between earlier and
pending proceedings “may not, in and of itself, amount to an abuse of
process”, and that the ultimate consideration remained whether it was “unfair
and unjust to the accused person or otherwise inconsistent with the fair
administration of justice to permit the pending or intended proceedings to
continue”: Beh Chew Boo at [84].

19 In the present case, while the voluntariness of the 31 March and 4 April
Statements was the very issue Chan J had ruled on in Ansari (No 1), the issue
I considered was whether the new evidence adduced by the accused raised a
reasonable doubt as to the voluntariness of the Challenged Statements. The
burden remained on the Prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the
Challenged Statements were made voluntarily: Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public
Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 (“Chai Chien Wei Kelvin”) at [53].

The 31 March and 4 April Statements

20 The accused sought to show that, despite his incrimination of Bella, SI
Fathli’s inducement was still operating on his mind. In Ansari (No 1), the
court had not been provided with the statements during the ancillary hearing,
an approach which Chan J criticised: see [10]–[21] of Ansari (No 1). In the
ancillary hearing in this case, the court and parties referred to the text of
the Challenged Statements and the accused was also cross-examined on the same.
The text of the Challenged Statements was relevant to, and formed part of, the
consideration as to voluntariness. This approach is in keeping with the Court
of Appeal’s views in Sulaiman bin Jumari v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 557
(“Sulaiman”), where the Court of Appeal held at [85] that it would be
artificial and against common sense to determine the reliability of statements
without examining the language and nature of the responses of the accused.

21 The portions of the Challenged Statements where the accused incriminated
Bella were the following:

(a) In the 31 March Statement, the accused communicated that Bella helped to
pack some of the Drugs. In addition, he mentioned that Bella called the drugs
she was packing “Narkoba” and explained therein that “[i]t means heroin in
Indonesian language”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ASv1, p 895–896.

(b) In the subsequent 4 April Statement, when shown a metal spoon and two
digital scales found in the Unit, the accused further stated that Bella had
used the spoon to scoop the drugs into smaller packets. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB at 923.

22 In the present ancillary hearing, the accused’s explanation comprised two
strands:

(a) First, he incriminated Bella in the 31 March Statement by revealing her
involvement in packing the Drugs as, by that point, he had realised Bella’s
DNA would be found on those drugs, and thought that his answers would help
explain the presence of her DNA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 7 lines 1–22.

This was also his explanation in relation to the inculpatory nature of the 4
April Statement. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 9 lines 11–12.

Thus, the accused explained that that these statements were in fact still
exculpatory of Bella, since his position is that Bella had done more than what
he stated (“Strand 1”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 6 lines 11–31.

(b) Second, that he had “accidentally told the truth” in relation to revealing
that Bella called the drugs “Narkoba”. He had not intended to inculpate Bella
(“Strand 2”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 23 lines 1–8.

In other words, he sought to show that, contrary to Chan J’s finding, he was
attempting to exculpate Bella in the statements given on and after 31 March.
As such, SI Fathli’s Inducement remained operative.

23 Strand 1 of the accused’s evidence was not convincing due to vacillations
in his own account on why he gave answers that inculpated Bella. As summarised
above, his case on the ancillary matter was that the content of the 31 March
Statement was still exculpatory because Bella had in fact done more than what
was stated therein. Thus, the accused’s evidence was that he obscured the full
extent of Bella’s involvement with the drugs in order to exonerate her. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 6 lines 11–31; p 7 lines 1–22; DWS (AH) at para 11.

Essentially, his position was that he had lied in the 31 March Statement as to
Bella’s full involvement. However, at numerous occasions at the ancillary
hearing, the accused stated he had told the truth about Bella’s involvement
with the view of “cooperating with” SI Fathli: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 16 lines 16–31 to p 17 lines 1–7.

Q No but on the 31st of March, so why didn’t you continue, if your idea was to
protect her, why didn’t you continue saying she wasn’t involved with---you
see, because she wasn’t involved in any of this, because your answer says,
“Heroin in the car, Bella no involved but heroin in the unit, she helped me
pack”. So there is some form of involvement. So if your idea was to protect
her, why didn’t you simply say she’s not involved in the car drugs, she’s also
not involved in the unit drugs?

A Your Honour, on the 31st of March when I gave [Answer 6] I already knew that
Bella DNA could be found on the drugs at home, Your Honour. And because IO was
asking me about whether---about Bella’s involvement in either the drugs in the
car or at home, I have to tell IO the truth, Your Honour, because I was
cooperating with him, Your Honour, at that point of time.

Q But according to you, you didn’t tell him the truth, right, because you
didn’t tell him the full extent of Bella’s involvement?

A Because the IO didn’t ask me that.

Q IO didn’t ask you what?

A Okay, we focus on the 31st of March.

Q Yes, that’s what I would like to.

A Your Honour, when I gave my answer for question number 6, Your Honour, I
aware that Bella’s DNA could be found on those drugs, Your Honour. Your
Honour, I have already informed the IO that I will cooperate with him and tell
him the truth. As such, I have to give such an answer, Your Honour. If not,
the IO wouldn’t believe me, and maybe wouldn’t release Bella, Your Honour.

[emphasis added]

In the same vein, he also maintained that his account that Bella helped to
pack about 15 packets of drugs was the truth: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 19 lines 5–12, 31 to p 20 line 3.

Q I am putting to you that your answer doesn’t make sense, because if you were
trying to create a---concoct a story that was plausible, you wouldn’t have
been so specific, because at that time, you already knew there were so many
packets, much more than 15.

A Your Honour, as far as I knew, at location C, there was about a total of 45
packets there, and Bella assisted me to pack 15 packets, Your Honour. Which is
why I said 15 packets, Your Honour.

…

Q Why did you specify only 15, if you had seen the full extent of it? Yes, and
if your intention was to exonerate her for all.

A Now, as I explained earlier, Your Honour, it was at location C and she
assisted me to pack 15 packets at location C.

[emphasis added]

24 It appeared from the foregoing that the accused had subjectively understood
SI Fathli’s Inducement to “continue cooperating” as an invitation to tell the
truth, and by that measure, aid in the CNB’s investigative efforts. Based on
this vein of the accused’s evidence, he was therefore being forthright about
Bella’s involvement with the Drugs in the hope that the CNB would release
Bella in spite of her being incriminated, having honoured his end of the quid
pro quo. While this explanation, taken alone, could at least have been a
plausible account for why the accused believed the incriminatory statements
served an ultimately exculpatory end, it represented a contradiction of his
earlier evidence that he had lied and inculpated Bella to a limited degree in
order to hide her true (and larger) involvement. This contradiction cast doubt
on the accused’s account.

25 Strand 2 of the accused’s evidence was also not believable. As pointed out
by the Prosecution, it was unlikely that the accused would commit such an
error or exhibit such a lack of care if SI Fathli’s Inducement was truly
operative on his mind. Even if it were accepted that the use of the word
“Narkoba” was a slip of the tongue, it was curious that he did not retract his
statement at that point nor amend it when invited to do so on subsequent
occasions. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions in the Ancillary Hearing dated 11 March 2022
at para 9.

Instead, he even went on to explain what the term “Narkoba” meant in
Indonesian. Put in the context of the accused’s previous inculpatory
statements about Bella merely helping to pack the drugs, this presented a
further implication of Bella in so far as it suggested that Bella had
knowledge of what the drugs were. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 22 lines 20–30.

This went far beyond accounting for the presence of Bella’s DNA, which was the
nub of the accused’s case in the present ancillary hearing.

26 The accused also explained that he did not amend his statement as he feared
that SI Fathli would not believe him if he had changed it. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 32 lines 4–12.

To this, it may be relevant to consider that the accused had previously
changed his position with SI Fathli: his initial representation was that Bella
was not involved “in any of this” (referring both to the drugs in the car and
the Unit), but this had changed by the time the 31 March Statement was given.
This risk of being disbelieved did not stop the accused from changing his
position when giving the 31 March Statement. When this is considered together
with the accused’s evidence that he gave the 31 March Statement in hope of
receiving a CSA, the more convincing inference was that the accused did not
amend this answer as he had voluntarily given it, driven by self-preservation.
The accused’s other answer in cross-examination as to why he did not amend
this answer, that he “[did not] see the need to” do so, must also be viewed in
this light. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 22 lines 17–19.

27 For these reasons, the accused’s further evidence regarding the 31 March
and 4 April Statements did not raise a reasonable doubt that SI Fathli’s
Inducement operated on the accused’s mind at the time they were recorded. It
must also be remembered that six and ten days respectively had passed from the
time of SI Fathli’s Inducement to the making of the 31 March and 4 April
Statements. Chan J’s findings remained pertinent.

The 9 December Statement

28 The 9 December Statement was a cautioned statement under s 23 of the CPC
given in response to a joint charge with Bella that pertained to the Drugs.
The accused’s evidence was that there were no additional inducements made
after SI Fathli’s Inducement on 25 March 2016. Following from my finding that
any inducement made had dissipated by the 31 March Statement, no inducement
could have been in play on 9 December 2016. By this time, more than eight
months had passed since SI Fathli’s Inducement was made.

29 The circumstances of the 9 December Statement reinforce this finding. Prior
to giving the 9 December Statement, the accused was informed that both he and
Bella faced a joint charge for trafficking the Drugs. Bella’s circumstances
could not have been bleaker since she was now also facing a capital charge.
There was absolutely no reason for the accused to persist in any belief that
SI Fathli would follow through with the promise that the police would “let
Bella go”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 29, lines 16–19.

When questioned during re-examination about why he still held that belief, the
accused could only maintain that “it was promised …by [SI Fathli]”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 31 lines 8–13.

Nor did he query why SI Fathli had not delivered on his inducement. The
accused reasoned that he could not bring up the arrangement between SI Fathli
and himself because the interpreter was present in the room. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 26 lines 16–24.

Neither rationalisation was credible.

30 I therefore held that there was no reasonable doubt that the 9 December
Statement was voluntary.

Conclusion on admissibility of Challenged Statements

31 Therefore, the three Challenged Statements were admitted.

Findings on the Charge

32 I come then to the Charge. The elements of a charge under s 5(1)(a) read
with s 5(2) of the MDA are as follows (per Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v
Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at [59]):

(a) possession of the controlled drug (on a related note, the Prosecution must
prove the chain of custody of the drugs said to have been in the accused’s
possession: see Affandi bin Rosli v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2019] 1 SLR 440 (“Affandi”) at [39]);

(b) knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug; and

(c) possession of the drug for the purpose of trafficking, which was not
authorised.

I deal with each element in turn.

(1) Knowledge

33 The accused did not dispute that he had knowledge of the Drugs and what
they were.

34 In his statements he said:

(a) He knew that the packets of drugs in his brown sling bag at location A
contained heroin. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ASv1 at p 922, P197 at Photo 23, Photos 43–47.

(b) He knew that the packets of drugs in the grey compartment at location B
contained heroin as well as “Ice”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ASv1 at p 922, P197 at Photo 25, Photos 49–52.

(c) He knew that the packets of drugs on the floor at location C contained
heroin. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ASv1 at p 922, P197 at Photo 26, Photos 55–61.

(d) He knew that there was “heroin at home” and had asked Bella for her help
to “pack the heroin into the small ziplock bags” and Bella did so. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ASv1 at p 895, P195 at Answer 6; p 896, P195 at Answer 9; p 923, P197 at Photo
63.

He also repacked heroin into smaller packets by himself. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ASv1 at p 896, P195 at Answer 7, Answer 8; p 923, P197 at Photos 62–63.

(e) He had procured the heroin which was found in the Unit. He obtained his
“heroin supply” from a drug dealer called “Joie” in Malaysia. Before that, he
obtained his “heroin supply” from another drug dealer called “Eddie”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ASv1 at pp 919–921, P197 at Answer 24, Answer 29.

35 At trial, no dispute was raised as to the accused’s knowledge that the
Drugs were heroin; this was implicit in his examination-in-chief and re-
examination. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE (18 May 2022) at p 26, lines 23–24.

(2) Possession

36 The accused made two contentions regarding the element of possession:

(a) First, there was no intact chain of custody between the exhibits seized
from the Unit and the exhibits that were analysed and found to contain 30.23g
of diamorphine. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DWS at paras 66–78.

(b) Second, most of the Drugs were in Bella’s possession rather than his. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS at paras 10–65.

I deal with these in turn.

(A) Chain of custody

The Prosecution’s case

37 The Prosecution contended that there was an intact chain of custody of the
Drugs from their seizure in the Unit to their analysis at the Illicit Drugs
Laboratory of the HSA. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PWS at para 5.

Defence’s case

38 The defence raised the following concerns with the chain of custody:

(a) The Drugs were first recovered by SSGT Helmi. He then passed them to
Station Inspector Eng Chien Loong Eugene (“SI Eng”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE (13 January), p 62 lines 8–12.

Later, during recording of a contemporaneous statement from the accused, SSGT
Helmi had the Drugs in his custody again. However, he did not know who handed
him the Drugs. In court, he said that a CNB officer handed him the Drugs but
he could not remember who it was. Also, SSGT Helmi testified that after
recording the contemporaneous statement, he handed the Drugs to SI Eng.
However, in SI Eng’s statement, he said that SSGT Helmi passed the Drugs to
Station Inspector Wong Kah Hung, Alwin (“SI Wong”) who then passed them to
him. SI Wong also said in his statement that SSGT Helmi passed the Drugs to
him, before he then passed them on to SI Eng. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DWS at paras 67–71.

(b) In SI Wong’s statement, he said that the Drugs were placed in a green
duffel bag. However, in court he changed his evidence and said that the duffel
bag was black. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS at para 73.

This change in his evidence raised concerns, especially when considered
together with evidence he had given in Ansari (No 1). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DWS at para 74.

(c) SSGT Helmi initially testified that the Drugs were unwrapped and placed in
separate polymer bags at the Unit. However, when it was pointed out to him
that the photographs of the exhibits were taken much later, and in some of the
photographs the exhibits were still wrapped, he changed his evidence. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DWS at para 75.

(d) SSGT Helmi initially identified the exhibits marked as C1A2 and C1A3 as
each containing ziplock bags which in turn each contained three small packets
of brown granular substance. However, when the exhibits were photographed,
C1A2 and C1A3 were shown to only contain three small packets of brown granular
substance (ie, there were no two ziplock bags). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DWS at para 76.

(e) Finally, the field diary was not recorded chronologically, and records
were inserted after they had allegedly occurred. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DWS at para 78.

Analysis

39 The following chain was adduced through various witnesses at trial, which
showed that the Drugs were first seized by SSGT Helmi, and then passed to
various officers and then onward to analysis at the HSA. I found that the
Prosecution established this chain beyond reasonable doubt:

| From| To| Description  
---|---|---|---  
1| SSGT Helmi| Exhibits at Locations A, B and C seized. 53

##### Foot Note 53

× NE (13 January), p 61 lines 15–20, p 62 lines 3–8, 13–14.  
2| SSGT Helmi | SI Eng| Exhibits passed to SI Eng who packed and sealed them and placed them in black duffel bag. 54

##### Foot Note 54

× NE (13 January), p 62 lines 8–12.  
3| SI Eng| SI Wong| Duffel bag passed to SI Wong in the Unit. 55

##### Foot Note 55

× NE (14 January), p 6 line 32 to p 7 line 8.  
4| SI Wong| SSGT Helmi| Duffel bag passed to SSGT Helmi in the master bedroom.
56

##### Foot Note 56

× NE (13 January), p 63 lines 21–29; NE (18 January 2022), p 25 lines 15–17.
SSGT Helmi had custody of the duffel bag while he recorded a contemporaneous
statement from the accused. 57

##### Foot Note 57

× NE (13 January), p 63 lines 16–19.  
5| SSGT Helmi| SI Wong| After the statement was recorded by SSGT Helmi, duffel
bag passed to SI Wong in the Unit. 58

##### Foot Note 58

× NE (18 January), p 26 lines 4–9.  
6| SI Wong| SI Eng| Duffel bag passed to SI Eng in the Unit. 59

##### Foot Note 59

× NE (18 January), p 26 lines 4–9.  
7| SI Eng| SI Fathli| At all times between leaving the Unit and arriving at
CNB Headquarters, SI Eng had custody of the duffel bag. 60

##### Foot Note 60

× NE (14 January), p 9 lines 4–9. The exhibits were handed individually to SI
Fathli at the exhibit management room at CNB. 61

##### Foot Note 61

× NE (14 January), p 9 lines 10–16. The accused witnessed the processing and
weighing of the exhibits. 62

##### Foot Note 62

× AB at p 656, PS28 at paras 15–16; AB at pp 854–857, PS57 at paras 15–18. SI
Fathli retained custody of the exhibits. 63

##### Foot Note 63

× NE (17 May 2022), p 17, lines 7–32.  
8| SI Fathli| Dr Ong | On 28 March 2016, 24 exhibits which included the Drugs were handed to an analyst with the Illicit Drugs Laboratory of the HSA, each sealed in a tamper proof bag. 64

##### Foot Note 64

× AB at p 858–859, PS57 at para 27; AB at pp 336–359, P100–123.  
  
40 In coming to the above conclusion, I bore two points in mind. First, the
arrest of the accused and the events in the chain of custody occurred in March
2016. The trial was conducted between January and May 2022, some six years
later. This was a considerable amount of time. Yong Pung How CJ held in Md
Anverdeen Basheer Ahmed and others v Public Prosecutor [2004] SGHC 233 at [20]
that some minor inconsistencies in the evidence of two witnesses was likely
where there was a lapse of time between the incident and the hearing. As per
the oft-cited passage from Chean Siong Guat v Public Prosecutor [1969] 2 MLJ
63:

Absolute truth is, I think beyond human perception and conflicting versions of
an incident, even by honest and disinterested witnesses, is a common
occurrence. In weighing the testimony of witnesses, human fallibility in
observation, retention and recollection are often recognised by the court.

41 Second, the Court of Appeal in Affandi made clear at [41] and [56] that
speculative arguments about the possibility of a break in the chain of custody
will not be entertained. What must be raised is a reasonable doubt that there
was such a break in the chain. A fanciful notion of a theoretical possibility
will not suffice.

42 I also considered the specific issues raised at [38] by the accused:

(a) These inconsistencies at [38(a)] concerned minor details. While SSGT Helmi
could not remember which officer passed him the duffel bag before he recorded
the contemporaneous statement, SI Wong testified that it was him who passed it
to SSGT Helmi. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE (13 January), p 63 lines 16–19; NE (18 January 2022), p 32 lines 10–23.

As for who SSGT Helmi passed the Drugs to after he recorded the statement,
there were admittedly inconsistencies in the evidence. SI Eng and SI Wong
mirrored each other in their statements in saying that the duffel bag was
passed to SI Wong first who then passed it to SI Eng. SSGT Helmi omitted the
intervening detail of SI Wong, and SI Eng omitted this intervening detail in
his testimony in court as well. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE (14 January), p 7 line 28 to p 8 line 12.

However, in all accounts, the Drugs went to SI Eng. Also, SI Wong, SI Eng and
SSGT Helmi remained in the Unit at all times, along with the duffel bag. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE (14 January), p 7 lines 11–21.

The inconsistency did not detract from the key aspects of the chain of
custody: SSGT Helmi held the duffel bag while recording the statement; the
duffel bag remained in the Unit, attended to at all times; and the duffel bag
was passed to SI Eng before he left the Unit with it.

(b) SI Wong’s recollection of the colour at [38(b)] was also a minor
inconsistency. This was not a case where there were multiple duffel bags of
different colours in the Unit. Instead, the evidence was clear that there was
only one duffel bag in the Unit, and that duffel bag was in the custody of SI
Eng who handed over the exhibits within to SI Fathli at CNB Headquarters. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PWS [5].

SSGT Helmi, SI Eng and SI Wong were all consistent in their testimony in this
regard. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE (13 January 2022), p 65 lines 9–11 and 21–24; NE (14 January 2022), p 8
lines 20–26; p 31 line 25 to p 32, line 5; NE (18 January 2022), p 26 lines
26–29; p 27 lines 1–3.

In any case, SSGT Helmi was clear in his testimony that the duffel bag was
black. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE (13 January 2022), p 62 lines 10–12.

I therefore accepted SI Wong’s explanation that his description of the bag as
green in his conditioned statement was a mistake. The defence drew my
attention to SI Wong’s testimony in Ansari (No 1) to cast doubt on SI Wong’s
testimony in the present trial. The submission was that SI Wong’s evidence
should be looked at with caution, because he was prepared for the defence’s
questions in this trial after having heard the same in Ansari (No 1). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE (22 July 2022), p 7 lines 13–24.

While SI Wong may have realised the mistake in the first trial, it remained a
mistake in the conditioned statement and did not detract from the rest of the
evidence that the black duffel bag was properly retained within a secure chain
of custody.

(c) On [38(c)], after it was pointed out to SSGT Helmi that A1A was put
together in photographs that were taken after the exhibits were seized at the
Unit, he accepted that he did not unwrap A1A. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE (13 January 2022), p 72 lines 1–4.

He explained that the procedure for a recovery officer at the scene was that
they were not supposed to open up the exhibits to prevent contamination. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE (13 January 2022), p 73 lines 10–14.

He was able to give markings such as B1A1A1 to the numerous packets of
granular substance contained in exhibit B1A1 (a partially wrapped plastic with
black tape) because that is what he observed without opening exhibit B1A1
fully. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE (13 January 2022), p 72 line 24 to p 73 line 22.

I accepted this explanation.

(d) On [38(d)], SSGT Helmi eventually explained that he had incorrectly
described exhibits C1A2 and C1A3 as having contained Ziploc bags. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE (13 January 2022), p 79 lines 7–12.

The Prosecution submitted that it was essentially a “guess”, given that he did
not open up the exhibits fully. In light of SSGT Helmi’s evidence that the
protocol was not to open up exhibits, it was reasonable that this was the
case.

(e) On [38(e)], entering records into the field diary at different times did
not demonstrate a break in the chain of custody, but rather a differing
standard of punctiliousness in officers involved in updating it.

43 The facts of Affandi are a useful counterpoint to the case at hand. In
Affandi, the majority of the Court of Appeal found that the Prosecution had
failed to prove an unbroken chain of custody due to several inconsistencies in
the witnesses’ evidence that could not be reconciled. These were listed at
[48]:

… the following inconsistencies in particular stood out:

(a) The exhibits could have either been on the front passenger seat of the CNB
vehicle or locked in the boot at the time the vehicle was on the move between
MBS, Affandi’s flat and the Woodlands Checkpoint.

(b) When the arresting party were searching Affandi’s flat, the exhibits were
either held by SSI David Ng or SSShasAlwin Wong.

(c) When backscatter and K-9 searches were being conducted on Affandi’s car,
the exhibits were either inside the CNB vehicle or held by SSSgt Alwin Wong.

(d) At 10.47pm, the exhibits were either handed over to SSSgt Jenny Woo by SSI
David Ng, or they were still held by SSSgt Alwin Wong as Affandi was
participating in the live ID.

These four dichotomies could not be reconciled. In each case, each version was
supported by the robust evidence of a senior law enforcement officer. But both
could not possibly be true. Nor was any plausible explanation put forward by
the Prosecution as to how these inconsistencies were to be reconciled.

[emphasis added]

44 The Prosecution is required to establish a chain of custody “to account for
the movement of the exhibits from the point of seizure to the point of
analysis”: Affandi at [39]. As can be seen from the above, the inconsistencies
identified by the Court of Appeal in Affandi all related to the fundamental
issue of where the exhibits were at a particular point in time. The
inconsistency in the colour of the duffel bag did not. The inconsistency
regarding who SSGT Helmi passed the exhibit to after recording the statement
might have; however, it could be reconciled because the duffel bag was only
passed to SI Wong for a brief intervening moment, and this could have slipped
SSGT Helmi’s mind.

45 In the present case, the issues raised at [38] related to the care of the
duffel bag containing the exhibits at the point of arrest. The fact remains
that these individual exhibits were shown to the accused on the day of arrest,
and then subsequently identified as such by the accused in the 4 April
Statement, after the exhibits were processed and weighed at the CNB Exhibit
Management Room. When shown photographs of the exhibits, the accused
identified them as heroin, and described where they came from:

(a) When shown photographs of A1A1A2A, A1A1A3A1, A1A1A4A1, A1A1A5A1A,
A1A1A6A1, A1A1A6B1 and A1A1A7A, the accused described them as “packets of
heroin I had packed inside A1A”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

ASv1 p 922, Photos 44–47.

(b) When shown a photograph of B1A1A1 and other exhibits, the accused
described them as “packets of heroin and “Ice” which I had kept inside the
grey compartment in my wardrobe”. He described a photograph of B1D2 as also
showing “packets of heroin and “Ice” kept inside the grey compartment”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ASv1 p 922–923, Photos 49 and 52.

(c) When shown photographs of C1A1A1, C1A1B1A, C1A1C1A, C1A2A1A, C1A2B1A,
C1A2C1A, C1A3A1A, C1A3B1A and C1A3C1A, the accused described them as “packets
of heroin found on the floor beside my bed”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

ASv1 p 923, Photos 57, 59 and 61.

46 It was therefore beyond reasonable doubt that the exhibits which were
photographed in the CNB Exhibition Management Room and subsequently analysed
by the HSA to contain not less than 30.23g of diamorphine were the same
exhibits seized from the Unit.

(B) Possession of the Drugs

47 The Prosecution’s case was that the accused was in possession of the
entirety of the Drugs. They were recovered from the master bedroom which the
accused resided in. He was fully aware of the Drugs and therefore could
explain how they came to be in their respective locations in his statements.
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PWS at para 4.

48 The accused’s defence rested on an allegation that some of the Drugs were
in the possession of Bella, and not himself. Both Bella and the accused had
keys to the Unit. At Location A, all the drugs were Bella’s. At Location B,
exhibit B1A1A1 was Bella’s. Exhibit B1D2 was his but for consumption. He
conceded that the drugs at Location C were his. The amounts relevant to these
contentions may be simplified by this representation:

Exhibit| Gross Weight| Net Weight (of diamorphine)  
---|---|---  
Accused denied possession and claimed belonged to Bella  
A1A1A2A| 38.50g| 1.58g  
A1A1A3A1| 38.50g| 1.60g  
A1A1A4A1| 38.52g| 1.57g  
A1A1A5A1A| 38.48g| 1.57g  
A1A1A7A| 38.52g| 1.45g  
A1A1A6A1 | 15.43g| 0.58g  
A1A1A6B1 | 23.34g| 0.90g  
B1A1A1| 175.1g| 7.26g  
TOTAL (A)| 16.51g  
Accused accepted possession for purpose of consumption  
B1D2 | 7.61g| 0.27g  
Accused accepted possession for purpose of trafficking  
C1A1A1| 38.50g| 1.36g  
C1A1B1A| 38.65g| 1.50g  
C1A1C1A | 39.12g| 1.51g  
C1A2A1A | 38.90g| 1.51g  
C1A2B1A | 38.94g| 1.52g  
C1A2C1A | 38.85g| 1.54g  
C1A3A1A | 38.50g| 1.52g  
C1A3B1A | 38.74g| 1.48g  
C1A3C1A | 39.00g| 1.51g  
TOTAL (B)| 13.72g (13.45g not for consumption)  
  
49 I summarise the effect of the accused’s contentions. Exhibit B1D2 only
contained 0.27g of diamorphine and was of no significance to the case as a
whole. The drugs at Locations A and B1A1A1 contained 16.51g of diamorphine,
which was above the threshold applicable for capital punishment. The drugs at
Location C contained a total of 13.45g of diamorphine, which was under the
threshold applicable for capital punishment. In effect, therefore, the accused
admitted to trafficking in diamorphine, but in respect of 13.45g. With this
frame in mind, I turn to the evidence on this dispute.

(i) The accused’s statements

50 The 31 March and 4 April Statements were key to the Prosecution’s evidence
against the accused on the issue of possession. Two points were clear from the
accused’s statements.

51 First, the accused’s statements showed that he was in possession of all the
Drugs. The following are relevant extracts from his statement on 4 April 2016:

(a) When shown a photograph of Location A, the accused identified it as
showing “the place where some of my heroin was found inside my brown sling
bag”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

ASv1 p 921, Photo 23.

The accused again referred to the bag within which the exhibits from Location
A were found as “my brown sling bag which I hung behind my master bedroom
door”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

ASv1 p 922, Photo 43.

(b) When shown photographs of the exhibits found at Location A, the accused
identified it as showing “the packets of heroin I had packed…”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ASv1 p 922, Photos 44–47.

(c) When shown a photograph of Location B, the accused stated “I had kept the
heroin and “Ice” packets in it”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

ASv1 p 922, Photo 25.

(d) When shown a photograph containing exhibit B1A1A1, the accused described
it as “the packets of heroin and “Ice” which I had kept inside the grey
compartment in my wardrobe”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

ASv1 p 922, Photos 49–50.

He also stated that exhibit B1D2 was one of the “packets of heroin and “Ice”
kept inside the grey compartment”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ASv1 p 923, Photos 51–52.

(e) When shown a photograph of Location C, the accused described it as the
place “where more packets of heroin were found. I had left them there”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ASv1 p 922, Photo 26.

(f) When shown photographs of the exhibits found at Location C, the accused
described them as “packets of heroin found on the floor beside my bed”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ASv1 p 923, Photos 55–61.

52 Second, the accused’s statements also made clear that none of the Drugs
belonged to Bella. Bella’s role in relation to the Drugs was restricted to
that of packing. The following is an extract from the 31 March Statement: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ASv1 p 895–896.

Question 5: Is Bella involved in your drug trafficking activities?

Answer 5: No.

Question 6: Did you ask her to do anything involving the drugs found in the
car or at home?

Answer 6: As for the heroin in the car, Bella had no idea about it. For the
heroin at home, I had asked her to help me pack the heroin into the small
ziplock bags. I think she had only packed less than 15 packets of heroin. The
rest, I did it on my own.

Question 7: Can you elaborate on what you mean by “the rest” in you earlier
answer?

Answer 7: Firstly, after getting a fresh heroin shipment, I would open up the
plastic packet. I would then pour it into a small container. I then opened up
the small ziplock bags and use a metal spoon to pour the heroin into them.
After that, I weigh each heroin packet to make sure they weigh about 7.6
grams. From 1 batu of heroin, I can make about 60 of these small heroin
packets. I would then put 5 of these small heroin packets into a slightly
bigger ziplock bag. Because of the poor quality of the ziplock bags, I had to
double the layer. After that, I would use a black wire tape to seal the whole
packet.

Question 8: Does Bella know what the thing she was packing is?

Answer 8: She calls it “Narkoba”. It means heroin in Indonesian language.
However, she does not smoke it. She did try to advise me to go back to a
normal life. The reason why she offered to help me pack was because she saw
that I did not have enough rest due to the packing and selling of the heroin.
Sometimes, I would not sleep the whole night to repack the heroin.

Question 9: How long has Bella been helping you pack the heroin?

Answer 9: I think it is around 2 weeks. However, it was not often. It was once
in a while. She did not help me out for every shipment.

53 Thus, the only conclusion that could be drawn from the accused’s statements
was that he was in possession of all the Drugs. It was clear from his
statements that none of the Drugs belonged to Bella.

(ii) The accused’s evidence in court

54 The accused’s defence was that he was not telling the truth in the 31 March
and 4 April Statements. The accused explained that the answers in his
statements above were part of his effort to try to help his girlfriend, such
that he downplayed her full role and took full responsibility even though not
all the drugs belonged to him. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DWS at para 80.

This argument closely resembled the argument that was made during the
ancillary hearing, which I rejected in finding the 31 March and 4 April
Statements voluntary. To this, the defence submitted that “the statements may
be voluntary, but that does not make the statements the truth”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE (22 July 2022), p 10 lines 10–11.

55 Notwithstanding this, the accused’s evidence on the stand was not credible.
During the ancillary hearing and the main trial, the accused tried to explain
one of his answers to a question in the 31 March Statement (“Answer 6”).
Answer 6 was: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ASv1 at p 895.

Question 6: Did you ask her to do anything involving the drugs found in the
car or at home?

Answer 6: As for the heroin in the car, Bella had no idea about it. For the
heroin at home, I had asked her to help me pack the heroin into the small
ziplock bags. I think she had only packed less than 15 packets of heroin. The
rest, I did it on my own.

56 On its face, Answer 6 was an admission that the accused possessed all the
Drugs. “The heroin at home” must have referred to all the Drugs given that the
accused did not specify any location. He stated that Bella’s involvement was
restricted to packing fewer than 15 packets of heroin. Implicit in this is
that the all the Drugs did not belong to Bella. Instead, they belonged to the
accused who asked Bella to help him pack some, and packed the rest on his own.
When trying to explain Answer 6, the accused vacillated between two
inconsistent positions:

(a) first, accepting that Answer 6 referred to all the Drugs to remain
consistent with his overall defence that he was trying to protect Bella when
he gave his statements; and

(b) second, stating that Answer 6 only referred to the drugs at Location C to
distance himself from the drugs at Location A and B.

57 The accused adopted the first position in his examination-in-chief in both
the ancillary hearing and the main trial. In the ancillary hearing, the
accused testified that: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 7 lines 1–22.

Q …why did you say that she did what you say she did in answer 6? You
understand my question first? Because question 6 says she did certain things
with respect to drugs. Why did you say, if you are trying to help her, why did
you say that?

A Your Honour, because her DNA could be found there, Your Honour.

Q “Found there”, referring to the drugs in the house or the car?

A The drugs in the house, Your Honour.

…

Q You see, you said that you are trying to help Bella. You say that at that
time when you gave the statements, you knew that her DNA would be found there.

A Yes.

Q How does your answer 6 help to explain her DNA being there? You can look at
answer 6, if you want.

A Your Honour, because her DNA can be found in location C, Your Honour.

Q What about A and B?

A Yes, some of it.

Q Okay. So her DNA would be in A, B and C, and you were giving this answer to
try to explain it?

A  Yes.

[emphasis added]

58 Similarly, in his examination-in-chief in the main trial, the accused
offered the following explanation: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE (18 May 2022), p 35 lines 14–18.

… the drugs at location A belongs to Bella. The drugs at location C belong to
me, and Bella had helped me to pack them. With regard to the drugs at location
B for Bravo, Your Honour, some of it belong to myself and some of it belong to
Bella, which is why I gave the statement, Your Honour, because Bella’s DNA
will be found on those drugs …

He later clarified that by “those drugs” in this answer, he meant the drugs at
Locations A, B and C. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE (20 May 2022), p 1 lines 13–26.

This evidence was therefore consistent with his overall defence, that he had
understated Bella’s involvement with the drugs and lied in his statements to
protect her.

59 However, under cross-examination in both the main trial and ancillary
hearing, the accused’s position was the opposite. He adopted the second
position – that when he gave Answer 6, he was only referring to the drugs in
Location C. First, in the ancillary hearing, the accused gave the following
evidence: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 19 lines 5–18.

Q I am putting to you that your answer doesn’t make sense, because if you were
trying to create a---concoct a story that was plausible, you wouldn’t have
been so specific, because at that time, you already knew there were so many
packets, much more than 15.

A Your Honour, as far as I knew, at location C, there was about a total of 45
packets there, and Bella assisted me to pack 15 packets, Your Honour. And then
she became tired and she went to sleep, Your Honour. Which is why I said 15
packets, Your Honour.

Q But you had already seen there were packets at A, there were packets at B,
you had seen the number of packets there. So you know that 15 doesn’t---even
you estimate only the ones in location C, that doesn’t account for A and B.

A Yes. Your Honour, but Your Honour, the thing is, Your Honour, location A and
B, those drugs there don’t belong to me, Your Honour. Why would I be so
concerned about them, Your Honour?

[emphasis added]

60 At the end of his cross-examination in the main trial, he returned to this
position. The accused was asked to explain his inconsistent positions. The
accused said that: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE (20 May 2022), p 8 lines 8–20.

… the reason as to why I answered as such in my ancillary hearing is true that
Bella helped me pack those drug at location C and her DNA would be found
there. Why I zoom in on location C because it’s tied with question 6 of my
statement, Your Honour. It’s not tied with location A and B as well, as such I
answer only focusing on location C.

[emphasis added]

While it may not be fully clear what the accused meant by this, his answers in
re-examination shed some light: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE (20 May 2022), p 16 line 23 to p 17 line 15.

Q Okay. Okay. You were also asked about question 6 and answer 6, and we keep
coming back to this, but just for the last time. In your statement, you have
said what you have said and it has been read a number of times. Now, first and
foremost, in relation to location C, in location---in relation to location C,
did you know how many of those packets Bella had helped you packed? When you
gave this statement, did you know that, exactly, how many?

A (No interpretation)

Q C. Exactly, how many? Were you counting when she was helping you?

A Your Honour, I didn’t count exactly, but it was quite a lot.

Q Okay. More or less than 15 in your mind?

A More than 15.

Q Why did you say less than 15 in your statement?

A Your Honour, that was my estimation at that point of time. And, Your Honour,
what was going through my mind at that point of time was to save Bella.

Q Now, when you answered this question in this way, were you also taking into
account what was at A and B or was your mind focused only on what was at C
when you were answering the question?

A Focusing on only location C.

Q But now when you are giving evidence, and even then when you were being
investigated and your statements were being recorded, you said you knew that
Bella’s DNA would be there, right? You have said that.

A (In English) Yes.

Q And thinking back, where do you think Bella’s DNA would be? On which drugs?
A, B, C or all or some?

A All. A, B and C.

[emphasis added]

61 With this second position, by saying that he was not referring to the drugs
in Locations A and B in Answer 6, the accused sought to distance himself from
them. As mentioned at [56] above, the Answer 6 on its face meant that the
accused possessed all the drugs it referred to. However, the import of this
testimony was that the accused did not care to exonerate Bella with regard to
the drugs in Locations A and B when he gave Answer 6, even though he knew that
her DNA could be found on them. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE (28 January 2022), p 7 lines 17–22.

Instead, he chose to inculpate Bella for the drugs at Location C, that were
not hers. Thus, this was clearly inconsistent with his position taken at
[57]–[58] above, and with his overall defence regarding the statements.

62 This inconsistency went to the core of the accused’s defence and fortified
my view that his explanation that he was trying to protect Bella when he gave
the statements was an afterthought. In cross-examination, he sought to reduce
the inculpatory effect of the 31 March Statement by explaining that it did not
refer to the drugs which he now claimed were Bella’s. However, this undermined
his overall defence and diminished the veracity of his evidence. Given that
this was the case, there was no reason to disregard the information provided
by the accused in his statements.

(iii) DNA evidence

63 The accused relied on the undisputed fact that, for the exhibits found at
Location A and exhibit B1A1A1, the accused’s DNA was relatively absent as
compared to Bella’s, which was found more frequently. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DWS at para 23.

64 Ms Wong Hang Yee, a forensic scientist from the DNA Profiling Lab at HSA
(“Ms Wong”), testified that one could not tell who handled an exhibit more
based on the amount of DNA left behind. This was because the amount of DNA
left behind depended on a variety of factors, some of which were specific to a
person. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE (19 January 2022), p 34 line 18 to p 35 line 10.

As held by the Court of Appeal in Mui Jia Jun v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR
1087 at [62], there could be a variety of reasons for the absence of a
subject’s DNA from an exhibit, including degradation of the DNA samples by
intentional or unintentional means. The absence of DNA is therefore neither
conclusive nor necessarily probative. Nevertheless, the presence of DNA is
generally probative because it suggests that the subject did in fact come into
contact with the surface on which his DNA was found.

65 Thus, all that this aspect of the DNA evidence established was that Bella
touched the exhibits on which her DNA was found. This did not assist the
accused, because it was also consistent with the Prosecution’s case and
Bella’s evidence that she had helped to pack the drugs which belonged to the
accused. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE (18 January 2022), p 48 line 8 to p 49 line 3.

The comparative absence of the accused’s DNA was neither conclusive nor
probative on the issue of whether the drugs at Location A and exhibit B1A1A1
belonged to him or Bella. As the Prosecution rightly pointed out, Bella’s DNA
was also found frequently on the drugs at Location C and exhibit B1D2, which
the accused admitted to possessing. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE (22 July 2022), p 13 lines 1–10.

This reinforced the fact that it was entirely possible for Bella’s DNA to be
present on drugs which belonged to the accused.

66 Conversely, while the accused denied possession of the drugs found at
Location A, his DNA was found on exhibits A1A1A5A and A1A1A7. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DWS at para 20.

The accused’s explanation for this was that his DNA was on these exhibits
despite them not belonging to him because he returned home one day, had found
Bella packing heroin, and may have touched some of the drugs. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DWS at paras 21–22.

67 Thus, the DNA evidence, on its own, was inconclusive.

(iv) Bella’s evidence

68 Bella had, on 6 August 2018, pleaded guilty to a related charge of
possessing the Drugs with the common intention of trafficking the Drugs with
the accused under ss 5(1)(a) and 5(2) of the MDA. She had been sentenced to 26
years’ imprisonment. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE (18 January 2022), p 46 lines 23–25.

Bella was called as a witness for the Prosecution. Her evidence was that all
the Drugs belonged to the accused, and that she had helped to pack them at his
request. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE (18 January 2022), p 48 line 8 to p 49 line 3.

69 The defence challenged various aspects of Bella’s evidence. First, they
pointed out that the DNA evidence was inconsistent with her version of events.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DWS at paras 24–25.

Second, they argued that she had a propensity to lie to save herself, and that
her testimony should be given less weight accordingly. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DWS at para 43.

70 On the first argument, the defence submitted that the DNA evidence was
inconsistent with Bella’s purported limited role of packing the drugs. For
example, there would be no reason for her DNA to be found on the sticky tape
which was used to wrap all the packed drugs found in the bag from Location A
because she had testified that all she did was take brown substances from a
container and put them into small plastic bags. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DWS at para 29.

In response, the Prosecution referred to the evidence of Ms Wong. She gave
evidence that DNA could transfer from one object to another when the two
objects in question came into mutual contact. She also testified that certain
things picked up and retained DNA more easily than others, such as the sticky
side of tape. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE (19 January 2022), p 38 line 28 to p 39 line 6.

In the face of this evidence, the defence’s submission lost its force. Given
that the exhibits were packed closely together, it was possible that Bella’s
DNA transferred from surfaces which she did in fact touch to surfaces which
she did not. This was especially the case for the sticky side of the tape used
to pack the Drugs. In any case, even if Bella was more involved in packing the
Drugs than she let on, this did not necessarily raise reasonable doubt
regarding the accused’s possession of the same.

71 The defence also sought to cast doubt on the veracity and credibility of
Bella’s testimony by highlighting that she was prepared to lie to save
herself. However, by the time of trial, Bella had already been charged,
convicted and sentenced to 26 years’ imprisonment. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE (22 July 2022), p 13 lines 17–25.

Even if she was prepared to lie to save herself, that was no longer of
relevance at the time she gave evidence in these proceedings.

72 The defence also focused on Bella’s claim that the accused had told her
“not to say anything” after they had been arrested. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE (19 January 2022), p 11 lines 19–28.

Bella maintained this when she was cross-examined. The defence argued that
this was clearly a lie because. no CNB officer would have allowed Bella and
the accused to speak in private once they had been arrested, and there was no
evidence from any CNB officer that this had in fact happened. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE (22 July 2022), p 2 lines 15–22.

This point was not of real relevance because it did not relate to any material
aspect of the charge against the accused. It is settled law that there is no
rule that the testimony of a witness must be believed in its entirety or not
at all. It is open to the court to accept a witness’s evidence on key facts in
issue despite inconsistencies in his evidence: Govindaraj Perumalsamy and
others v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2004] SGHC 16 at [31].

73 Bella’s evidence that her role was limited to packing the accused’s drugs
was, on the whole, credible. In the 31 March Statement, the accused himself
indicated that Bella had no knowledge of the heroin trade. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

ASv1 at p 896.

Neither did the accused raise any evidence in these proceedings that Bella had
any clients, suppliers or handlers. Nor were any questions put to her about
any such associated persons when she was on the stand.

(v) Close connection

74 Finally, the accused’s close connection with the location in which the
Drugs were found was sufficient to infer possession.

75 First, the Drugs were found in the accused’s master bedroom. In Sharom bin
Ahmad and another v Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 541 (“Sharom bin
Ahmad”), the accused (“Sharom”) was found with keys to a flat belonging to one
“Boksenang”, where he had been staying. His personal belongings and a
haversack were found containing drugs. At trial, Sharom claimed that he had
only visited the flat a few times, and that the drugs belonged to Boksenang.
The Court of Appeal held that his close connection with the flat was a factor
showing his possession of the drugs: at [34] and [38].

76 Second, the drugs the accused disputed possessing were in close proximity
to drugs which the accused admitted to possessing. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE (20 May 2022), p 9 lines 8–10.

In Sulaiman at [106], one of the reasons cited by the Court of Appeal in
rejecting a defence that drugs were planted by someone else was that “the
drugs in question were not concealed but were found with the other drugs which
the appellant admitted possession of in the unlocked second drawer of the
wardrobe”. Here, exhibit B1A1A1 was found in the same cupboard as exhibit
B1D2, to which the accused admitted possessing.

77 Bella and the accused were the only persons with the keys. It followed that
once it was proven that none of the Drugs were Bella’s, the Drugs could only
be his.

Conclusion on possession

78 In conclusion, the accused’s statements clearly indicated that he was in
possession of all of the Drugs. His contradictory narrative in the courtroom
was not credible. I accepted Bella’s evidence that her only role was to assist
with packing the Drugs. In light of his close connection to the flat, the
inference that the accused was in possession of the Drugs was ineluctable.
Drawing together the various strands, I found that the Prosecution had proven
beyond reasonable doubt that the accused was in possession of all the Drugs.

(3) Purpose of trafficking

79 There was no dispute that the trafficking, if any, was not authorised.

80 The Prosecution relied on the presumption of possession for the purposes of
trafficking under s 17 of the MDA. Section 17 reads:

17. Any person who is proved to have had in his or her possession more than —

…

(c) 2 grammes of diamorphine;

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture, is
presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of trafficking
unless it is proved that his or her possession of that drug was not for that
purpose.

81 At trial, the accused did not dispute that he possessed the drugs at
Location C, containing 13.45g of diamorphine, for the purpose of trafficking.
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DWS at para 80.

For the drugs at Location A and exhibit B1A1A1, his defence was that they
belonged to Bella. As explained at [78] above, I did not accept this defence.
No defence was raised to rebut the presumption under s 17 of the MDA in
relation to the 16.51g of diamorphine in the exhibits found at Location A and
in exhibit B1A1A1. Therefore, in respect of a total of 29.96g of diamorphine,
there was no evidence to rebut the presumption under s 17 of the MDA.

82 The only issue raised by the defence pertained to exhibit B1D2 being for
the accused’s own consumption. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE (20 May 2022), p 16 lines 8–21.

This did not make a material difference to the case, as that component only
contained 0.27g of diamorphine. In any event, I did not find this credible for
two reasons. First, it was a change from what the accused said in his
statements. In the 4 April Statement, the accused spoke of his consumption of
heroin generally, saying he would “randomly take the heroin from any of the
packets”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

ASv1, p 925.

In his 9 December Statement, he stated that some of the Drugs were for
consumption and some for sale, and that “they were all put together”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

ASv2, p 972.

When shown a photograph of exhibit B1D2 in the 4 April Statement, the accused
did not say that it was meant for his consumption. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ASv1, p 923, Photo 52.

In contrast, when shown photographs of the exhibits containing Ice and Erimin,
he explained that he intended to consume those. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

ASv1, p 918 (at Answers 18 and 19).

Second, the accused admitted in his statement that he would sell the drugs in
“half sets”, which consisted of five small packets of heroin each weighing
around 7.6g. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

ASv1 p 896 and 918.

Exhibit B1D2 weighed 7.61g, which suggested that it could be easily grouped
with four other packets and sold as a “half set”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PWS at para 35.

Regarding the possibility raised in his statements that the accused intended
to take drugs for consumption randomly from any of the packets, this was not a
contention advanced at trial nor did any evidence reflect the same.

83 In the circumstances, I was of the view that the presumption under s 17 of
the MDA had not been rebutted in respect of the entirety of the Drugs. The
Drugs, containing not less than 30.23g of diamorphine, were in the accused’s
possession for the purposes of trafficking.

Conclusion on the charge

84 In conclusion, the elements of the charge as set out at [32] above were
made out. I convicted the accused as charged.

Sentence

85 Under s 33(1) of the MDA read with the Second Schedule to the MDA, an
offence under s 5(1) involving more than 15g of diamorphine was punishable by
death.

86 I heard submissions in respect of the alternative sentencing regime
provided by s 33B of the MDA on 19 September 2022. To rely on this sentencing
regime, the accused had to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence was restricted to:

(a) transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(b) offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(c) doing or offering to do any act preparatory or for the purpose of his or
her transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(d) any combination of the above.

87 The evidence did not permit for any such finding. In his statements, the
accused admitted to selling the heroin in half-sets containing five small
packets of about eight grams each for about $350 to $400. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

ASv1 p 918.

He named his clients and pointed out their contract numbers in his contact
list. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

ASv1 p 920.

He provided detailed information concerning his suppliers as well. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

ASv1 p 919.

At trial, he confirmed, in respect of the drugs at Location C, that he
intended to sell them. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE (18 May 2022), p 30 lines 28–31.

Thus, the weight of the evidence militated against a finding that the
accused’s role was limited to any of the above in respect of the Drugs.

88 In the circumstances, the death penalty was mandatory and I so ordered.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Terence Chua and Regina Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam (Withers
KhattarWong LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Oct 2022 (12:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

