Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION of

the HIGH COURT OF THE republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 18

Civil Appeal No 116 of 2021

Between

(1)| Metupalle Vasanthan  
---|---  
(2)| Laszlo Karoly Kadar  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Loganathan Ravishankar  
---|---  
(2)| Gunaratnam Sakunthar Raj  
  
… Respondents

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Contract — Formation — Offer]

[Contract — Formation — Acceptance]

[Contract — Assignment]

[Contract — Waiver]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Metupalle Vasanthan and another

  
v

  

Loganathan Ravishankar and another

[2022] SGHC(A) 18

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 116 of 2021  
Belinda Ang JAD, Kannan Ramesh J and Hoo Sheau Peng J  
20 April 2022

20 April 2022

Hoo Sheau Peng J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 The appellants, Metupalle Vasanthan (“Dr Vas”) and Laszlo Karoly Kadar (“Mr
Laszlo”), appeal against the dismissal by the learned Judge (“Judge”) of Dr
Vas’ claim against the first respondent, Loganathan Ravishankar (“Mr Logan”),
for the sum of US$3.05m (the “Skantek debt”). The Skantek debt was allegedly
owed by Mr Logan to Mr Laszlo, and then purportedly assigned by Mr Laszlo to
Dr Vas.

Background

2 The facts are detailed by the Judge in Metupalle Vasanthan and another v
Loganathan Ravishankar and another [2021] SGHC 238 (the “Judgment”), and we
set out those relevant for the appeal.

3 Sometime in 2013, Mr Laszlo sold his shares in SkanTek Group Limited
(“Skantek”) to Mr Logan under an oral contract for US$4m. Skantek held about
70% of the ICE Group comprising a Malaysian company, ICE Mobile Sdn Bhd, and a
Singapore company, ICE Messaging Pte Ltd. Mr Logan made payments totalling
US$950,000 towards the purchase price, seemingly leaving a balance of
US$3.05m. In a letter dated 25 June 2014, marked “without prejudice”, a lawyer
representing Mr Logan, Mr Tan Siew Bin Ronnie (“Mr Tan”) from Central Chambers
Law Corporation, wrote to Mr Laszlo to acknowledge that a balance of US$2.4m
for the transaction would be paid to Mr Laszlo in December 2014 (the “Central
Chambers Letter”). The unpaid balance, be it US$3.05m or US$2.4m, formed the
Skantek debt.

4 The parties fell out thereafter. When Mr Laszlo pressed Mr Logan for payment
of the Skantek debt, Mr Logan claimed that Mr Laszlo fraudulently
misrepresented the value of the ICE Group. He discovered, inter alia, that the
ICE Group did not have major contracts lined up with telecommunications giants
as represented by Mr Laszlo. Mr Laszlo disputed the allegations; he insisted
on payment of the Skantek debt. Sometime after 19 December 2014, there was a
telephone call between Mr Tan and Mr Laszlo (the “2014 Telephone Call”). In
respect of the call, there is a comprehensive and detailed attendance note by
Mr Tan (the “Attendance Note”). According to Mr Tan, during the call, in view
of Mr Logan’s allegation of misrepresentation, the parties had agreed not to
claim against each other. Thus, the Skantek debt had been compromised. Mr
Laszlo, however, contended that during the conversation, he proposed that the
parties should move on, but only after Mr Logan had paid him the sum of
US$2.4m. No compromise was reached. Notably, the quantum of the Skantek debt
that Mr Laszlo said he demanded is different from the US$3.05m claimed by Dr
Vas.

5 Separately, on 13 October 2015, Mr Logan lent US$350,000 to Dr Vas’s
company, Clarity Radiology Pte Ltd (“Clarity” and the “Clarity debt”). When
Clarity did not repay the money, Dr Vas signed a letter dated 30 July 2017,
personally guaranteeing repayment of the Clarity debt, as well as certain
other sums furnished to Clarity. Under the personal guarantee, Vas was to make
repayment by 30 August 2017, failing which default compound interest at 2% per
month would be payable.

6 Notwithstanding the personal guarantee, Dr Vas made no repayment to Mr
Logan. On 29 December 2017, Dr Vas and Mr Logan entered into a trust deed (the
“Logan Trust Deed”). The Logan Trust Deed recorded Dr Vas’ indebtedness to Mr
Logan in the sum of US$739,624.60, including interest calculated to 15 January
2018. It declared that Dr Vas held 7,000 shares in MyDoc Pte Ltd (“MyDoc”) on
trust for Mr Logan. If Dr Vas did not fully repay the amount by 15 January
2018, Dr Vas would transfer those 7,000 MyDoc shares to Mr Logan, who would
sell them to a third party at the best price reasonably obtainable, set-off
the proceeds of sale against the indebtedness, and return any surplus to Dr
Vas. One of the clauses increased the interest rate that was payable upon
default.

7 On 15 January 2018, however, Dr Vas emailed Mr Logan stating that he had
used those same 7,000 MyDoc shares as “leverage to pay [Mr Laszlo], as below
email, who was owed $2.4m … from yourself. With this, having bought your debt,
I hope it makes it easier for your repayment [emphasis added]” (the “15
January 2018 Email”). The email which Dr Vas forwarded was from Mr Laszlo to
Dr Vas dated 14 January 2018 (the “14 January 2018 Email”). In it, Mr Laszlo
thanked Dr Vas “for the payment of 3M usd from you, attached is the debt note
collateral from [Mr] Logan’s lawyer confirming debt”. The attachment was the
Central Chambers Letter, acknowledging that the balance of US$2.4m was due to
Mr Laszlo.

8 Mr Logan responded via email, calling Dr Vas’s conduct “unacceptable” and
that he was “coming up with a NEW SCAM”. He told Dr Vas to “please … not do
anything with Mr [Laszlo] on my behalf. You have nothing to do with this
except paying my loan to me”. They met later that day (the “2018 Meeting”).
Shortly after the meeting, Dr Vas emailed Mr Logan saying he “[understood]
that there may be a lot more behind scenes with this loan obligation to the
third party”. He stated that he had “agreed to shelve this” and would write
“separately about [his] loan obligation and settlement with Mydoc shares and
clarity asset sale”. According to the minutes of the 2018 Meeting, Dr Vas and
Mr Logan agreed to, inter alia, assign 7,000 MyDoc shares to Mr Logan,
preparatory to finding a buyer for them. However, Dr Vas failed to transfer
the 7,000 MyDoc shares to Mr Logan or to repay the monies recorded as owning
in the Logan Trust Deed.

9 On 31 July 2019, Mr Logan issued a statutory demand for the amount in the
Logan Trust Deed, which was served on Dr Vas on 1 August 2019. Dr Vas applied
to set aside the statutory demand on the basis, inter alia, that Mr Logan owed
him more than the amount demanded due to the assignment to him of the Skantek
debt. The bankruptcy proceedings were unsuccessful. Meanwhile, Dr Vas also
commenced this action. He claimed against Mr Logan for the Skantek debt on the
basis that it had been assigned to him. The amount claimed was US$3.05m. He
argued in the alternative that the amount should be set-off against the debt
of US$739,624.60 owed to Mr Logan under the Logan Trust Deed.

10 In response, Mr Logan contended that the Skantek debt had been compromised.
Mr Logan brought a counterclaim against Dr Vas for the sum of US$739,624.60
reflected in the Logan Trust Deed as damages for Dr Vas’ failure to transfer
the 7,000 MyDoc shares to him. As against Mr Laszlo, Mr Logan sought damages
for a breach of the compromise agreement between them to not claim against
each other, and/or for fraudulent misrepresentation which led to Mr Logan’s
purchase of the Skantek shares.

The decision

11 The Judge found that the Skantek debt had indeed been compromised during
the 2014 Telephone Call. In this connection, he accepted Mr Tan’s evidence on
what had transpired. He found that this was supported by the Attendance Note.
In his view, Mr Tan had the authority to bind Mr Logan to a settlement.
Thereafter, the parties considered the dispute between them resolved as a
result of the 2014 Telephone Call, and they acted on that understanding.
Further, the Judge observed that the present case was akin to Carlill v
Carbolic Smoke Ball Company [1893] 1 QB 256 (“Carlill”), where the offeror (Mr
Laszlo) did not expect or require any notice of acceptance other than
performance by the offeree (Mr Logan) of his side of the bargain.

12 While the determination of the compromise issue was sufficient to fully
dispose of the claim, the Judge proceeded, obiter, to deal with other points
raised by the parties on the basis there was no compromise. Specifically, the
Judge accepted that Mr Laszlo “did assign in equity the Skantek debt (if it
existed) on or about 14 January 2018” (see the Judgment at [66]). That said,
the Judge ruled that, in any event, Dr Vas had permanently waived the claim
for the Skantek debt at the 2018 Meeting. Accordingly, the Judge dismissed the
claim.

13 Turning to the counterclaim, the Judge assessed that the damages payable to
Mr Logan for Dr Vas’ failure to transfer the MyDoc shares was primarily the
Clarity debt with interest, amounting to US$388,281.22. The Judge dismissed
all other counterclaims. There is no appeal against the Judge’s decision on
the counterclaims.

The appeal

14 In the appeal, the appellants contend that the Judge erred in finding that
the Skantek debt had been compromised, and that Dr Vas had permanently waived
the claim for the same at the 2018 Meeting. Mr Logan argues that the
appellants have failed to show that the Judge went wrong on these matters.
Having distilled the parties’ arguments before us, there are two issues (with
two sub-issues in the second one) for our consideration:

(a) Whether the Skantek debt was compromised during the 2014 Telephone Call;
and

(b) Whether the Skantek debt was assigned to Dr Vas, and if so, whether Dr Vas
agreed to waive his claim on 15 January 2018 at the 2018 Meeting.

Whether the Skantek debt was compromised during the 2014 Telephone Call

15 On the compromise issue, essentially, the appellants run two related
arguments. First, the appellants argue that there could not have been a
settlement during the 2014 Telephone Call. Mr Tan did not have instructions to
settle to begin with at that time. In fact, Mr Tan had explicitly informed Mr
Laszlo that he would relay Mr Laszlo’s proposal to Mr Logan and would take
instructions from Mr Logan. Furthermore, Mr Laszlo had also stated, in his
email to Mr Tan requesting a call, that this would be “absolutely off the
record”. Any compromise should have been recorded in an open letter at the
very least. Second, on the premise that Mr Laszlo did offer to settle the
dispute, the appellants submit that this was never formally accepted by Mr
Logan. Silence cannot amount to acceptance. On the face of the Attendance
Note, during the call, there was merely an offer by Mr Laszlo to settle the
dispute. If there was subsequent acceptance by Mr Logan of the offer, it must
be communicated to Mr Laszlo. As Mr Tan did not communicate Mr Logan’s
acceptance to Mr Laszlo, a compromise was not reached. Connected to this, the
appellants contend that the Judge’s reliance on Carlill was misplaced.

16 In response, Mr Logan refers to a series of email correspondence between Mr
Laszlo, Mr Logan and Mr Tan, which demonstrates that Mr Laszlo clearly knew
that he was to only deal with Mr Tan, who had been engaged by Mr Logan.
Furthermore, Mr Tan had not reserved his client’s rights during the 2014
Telephone Call, or in a follow up email or letter after the same, as observed
by the Judge. The Judge had correctly considered that Mr Laszlo did not appear
to need to check for a response from Mr Tan after the latter had taken
instructions from Mr Logan. Therefore, the Judge was correct to find that Mr
Tan had authority to enter into a compromise, and that he did enter into the
compromise agreement during the 2014 Telephone Call.

17 Turning to the appellant’s first argument, we are of the view that the
Judge was fully justified in finding that the Skantek debt was compromised
during the 2014 Telephone Call. We are not persuaded that the Judge’s
assessment of the evidence and his conclusion that the Skantek debt was
compromised were plainly wrong or against the overall weight of the evidence.

18 As explained by the Judge, he accepted “Mr Tan’s evidence that an agreement
was concluded on the telephone call, with Mr Tan saying words to the effect
‘Yes, okay, you want to settle, it is settled as you say, I will bring it to
[Mr Logan] [emphasis added]’”. In the Judge’s view, this position was
“captured” in the last line of paragraph 9 of the Attendance Note where Mr Tan
recorded that “[Mr Tan] would relay whatever [Mr Laszlo] told [him] to [Mr
Logan] and take instructions from there.” Further, the Judge observed that
being a careful solicitor, if there had been no concluded compromise, Mr Tan
would have expressly reserved Mr Logan’s position. Mr Tan did not say that he
needed to take Mr Logan’s instructions, and come back to Mr Laszlo before
there was a concluded compromise. Instead, Mr Tan ended the conversation
“believing he had served his client’s interest by settling the dispute” (see
the Judgment at [37]).

19 Read in isolation, it appears to us that there is some ambiguity whether
the last line of paragraph 9 truly “captured” Mr Tan’s stance that during the
telephone call, he had concluded the compromise. Without reference to Mr Tan’s
evidence, that line could be interpreted, as Mr Laszlo contends, to mean that
Mr Tan would bring Mr Laszlo’s offer to Mr Logan, ie, relay whatever Mr Laszlo
told him, and take Mr Logan’s instructions. In this connection, we note that
Mr Tan candidly conceded that there was no mention of a binding settlement
agreement in the Attendance Note. Nonetheless, he disagreed that this was not
mentioned during the 2014 Telephone Call. That was the substance of the
conversation. This was duly considered by the Judge and he believed Mr Tan’s
testimony.

20 Having considered Mr Tan’s evidence and the Judge’s analysis, and reading
the Attendance Note in its entirety, we are of the view that the last line of
paragraph 9 supports Mr Tan’s account that he would report to Mr Logan that
the matter has been settled with Mr Laszlo (which Mr Logan confirmed he did).

21 In taking this view, we are fortified by the fact that the other portions
of the Attendance Note corroborate Mr Tan’s testimony. As we observed at [4]
above, the Attendance Note is comprehensive and detailed. It is an important
contemporaneous record of the conversation between the two men. Due weight
should be accorded to it. As the Judge observed, Mr Tan stated that during the
conversation, Mr Laszlo began “by talking at length about how much Mr Logan
owed him”, and how he and his family had suffered. After Mr Tan explained to
him that Mr Logan was furious at what he had discovered and believed he was
the victim of a fraud, Mr Laszlo “changed his position”. He said that “both
sides had lost out and should just move on with their lives, with no claims
against each other” (see the Judgment at [28]). The Attendance Note reflects
these significant aspects of Mr Tan’s testimony.

22 More importantly, the Attendance Note contradicts Mr Laszlo’s account.
According to Mr Laszlo, during the 2014 Telephone Call, he had said that the
parties should move on but only after Mr Logan had paid him US$2.4m. He ended
with the threat of taking legal action. One difficulty with this version, as
the Judge noted, is that it was not put to Mr Logan (see the Judgment at
[31]). If there is any truth in Mr Laszlo’s testimony, this was an important
omission that is not addressed in the appeal. Like the Judge, we question the
veracity of Mr Laszlo’s version of his position uttered during the
conversation. More significantly, such a position was contradicted by the
Attendance Note. There was absolutely no mention of Mr Laszlo’s alleged demand
and threat of legal action. If Mr Laszlo had threatened legal action if he was
not paid US$2.4m, undoubtedly, Mr Tan would have recorded this, and informed
Mr Logan. Otherwise, he would put Mr Logan at risk of being sued. Instead, as
pointed out above, the Attendance Note recorded that Mr Laszlo proposed, more
than once, that parties should have no claims against each other. Mr Laszlo’s
account, therefore, was undermined by this contemporaneous record.

23 Further, Mr Laszlo’s version is also inconsistent with his subsequent
inaction. Mr Logan’s evidence (which was not disputed) was that he did not
hear from Mr Laszlo for several years after the 2014 Telephone Call, until Mr
Laszlo supported Dr Vas in the latter’s reliance on the alleged assignment of
the Skantek debt. As the Judge astutely observed, “had Mr Laszlo ended the
call with how they could get on with their lives only after Mr Logan paid up,
he would surely have followed up with a demand or even commenced proceedings
against Mr Logan soon after”. His version did not fit “with the three years of
inaction on his part”. It must be remembered that the onus was very much on Mr
Laszlo. He was allegedly owed US$2.4m by Mr Logan for the Skantek shares which
he had transferred to Mr Logan. Mr Logan had not paid him or transferred the
shares back to him. Therefore, the Judge, quite rightly, rejected his version
as “wholly unbelievable” (see the Judgment at [30]).

24 We also consider some other evidential points raised by the appellants. As
the appellants point out, it is undisputed that Mr Logan did not reply to Mr
Laszlo following the 2014 Telephone Call. Also, nothing was recorded by way of
a letter from Mr Tan. Mr Laszlo had also stated, in his email dated 19
December 2014 to Mr Tan requesting a call, that this would be “absolutely off
the record” (at [15] above). However, from what we have discussed above, we
agree with the Judge’s holding that Mr Tan and Mr Laszlo had compromised the
Skantek Debt during the conversation. Moreover, Mr Logan explained that he
accepted Mr Tan’s update that the matter had been settled, and that there was
nothing more to be done about it. As against this, if Mr Laszlo had been
waiting for a response from Mr Tan after Mr Tan had taken instructions from Mr
Logan, he would have followed up to clarify, but he never did so. As noted
earlier, the onus was very much on Mr Laszlo.

25 Based on the foregoing, we reject the appellants’ first argument. For
completeness, and for the reasons stated by the Judge, we are of the view that
Mr Tan had the authority to enter into the compromise agreement on behalf of
Mr Logan (see the Judgment at [38]). We see no need to say anything more on
this question.

26 We turn to address the appellants’ second argument, and the Judge’s
reliance on Carlill. The second argument was also run before the Judge as an
alternative case. As the Judge noted, counsel for the appellants sought to
characterise the conversation during the 2014 Telephone Call “as at best an
offer by Mr Laszlo to forbear to sue, in return for a like promise from Mr
Logan, which Mr Tan did not and could not accept without first relaying the
offer to Mr Logan” (see the Judgment at [35]). Thereafter, there was no
communication of Mr Logan’s acceptance. As a preliminary observation, we make
the same point made by the Judge that the alternative case is wholly
inconsistent with Mr Laszlo’s testimony (see the Judgment at [36]). Mr
Laszlo’s evidence was that he demanded payment and threatened legal action,
and not that he offered not to sue in return for a like promise from Mr Logan.
Therefore, we agree with the Judge that counsel for the appellants cannot run
an alternative case which is palpably inconsistent with the evidence of the
client, Mr Laszlo.

27 Putting this to one side, the Judge seemed to have accepted, as an
alternative, that even if there was no concluded agreement during the 2014
Telephone Call, Mr Laszlo did not require notice of acceptance of his offer,
save for the performance by Mr Logan of his side of the bargain. In this
connection, he applied the principle in Carlill.

28 In Carlill, the Carbolic Smoke Ball Company (“Carbolic”) placed
advertisements for its remedy for influenza offering money to any person who
contracted influenza after having used one of the smoke balls under specified
conditions. Mrs Carlill bought a smoke ball, and despite using it in the
manner as specified by the company, caught influenza. She successfully sued
Carbolic. An argument raised by Carbolic was that Mrs Carlill had never
accepted its offer, and that there was no binding contract. Rejecting the
argument, the English Court of Appeal held that the offeror had impliedly
indicated that it did not require notice of acceptance other than performance
of the condition.

29 The Judge noted that while it might be argued that Carbolic had an interest
in supervising performance and so might have preferred notification of
acceptance prior to performance by Mrs Carlill, in case it wanted to check on
her use of the smoke ball, here, Mr Logan’s performance of the condition not
to sue him would be clearly known to Mr Laszlo. The Judge also found that this
was supported by Mr Laszlo’s inaction for several years (see the Judgment at
[40]–[43]). Therefore, the facts are “more compelling” than those in Carlill,
and justified an application of the principle in Carlill.

30 With respect, we are unable to agree with this reasoning. As pointed out by
Mr Laszlo, Carlill involved an invitation to treat to the general public, and
it may be inferred from the terms of the offer that performance of the
condition would be sufficient as acceptance without notification. However, if
there was no compromise agreement concluded during the 2014 Telephone Call,
and there was merely an offer of forbearance from Mr Laszlo, for a like
promise from Mr Logan, performance alone by Mr Logan forbearing to sue, in our
view, is not sufficient to constitute acceptance (notwithstanding Mr Laszlo’s
subsequent inaction). Mr Laszlo did not clearly stipulate that he would
dispense with notification of acceptance, and it could not be inferred from
the circumstances that performance by the offeree in accordance with the
condition would suffice.

31 On Mr Tan’s version of the facts (ignoring for the moment his evidence that
the compromise was reached), there was no clear intimation on Mr Laszlo’s part
that he did not wish to hear from Mr Tan. In fact, according to Mr Tan, Mr
Laszlo had “continually emphasised” that it was best for them to take it that
there should be no claims against each other. Proceeding on the premise, as
the Judge did, that there was no concluded compromise during the conversation,
there seems to be no reason to infer that Mr Laszlo would have dispensed with
the requirement of notice of acceptance. On the contrary, he would have wanted
Mr Tan to respond with Mr Logan’s decision on the proposal. Mr Laszlo’s
subsequent inaction, in our view, does not change this analysis. On this
postulation, Mr Laszlo’s offer would not have been accepted.

32 The present case is therefore unlike that contemplated by Bowen LJ in
Carlill, where since “notification of acceptance is required for the benefit
of the person who makes the offer, the person who makes the offer may dispense
with notice to himself if he thinks it desirable to do so … if the person
making the offer, expressly or impliedly intimates in his offer that it will
be sufficient to act on the proposal without communicating acceptance of it to
himself, performance of the condition is a sufficient acceptance without
notification” (at 269–270). Accordingly, we do not agree with the application
of the principle in Carlill to the present facts.

Whether the Skantek debt was assigned to Dr Vas, and whether there was waiver
by Dr Vas

33 Having determined the first issue, it is strictly not necessary for us to
deal with the second issue. Given the compromise agreement, there simply could
not have been an assignment of the Skantek debt to Dr Vas. Dr Vas said that he
obtained an assignment of the Skantek debt from Mr Laszlo on 14 January 2018
and had made payment of US$3m. As it subsequently transpired, the payment was
supposed to be by way of transfer of 7,000 MyDoc shares to Mr Laszlo valued at
US$3m. However, there was no transfer of shares as claimed. In short, there is
no evidence that supports Dr Vas’ claim that he bought the Skantek debt.
Against this backdrop, we have concerns with the Judge’s approach on the
assignment issue, albeit obiter, and therefore find it necessary to set out
our views.

34 Although the Judge acknowledged that the issue was moot, he proceeded to
accept that there was an equitable assignment of the Skantek debt (if it had
not been compromised during the 2014 Telephone Call). Specifically, the Judge
“infer[red]” that “there was a conversation prior to” the 14 January 2018
Email (this is the email from Mr Laszlo to Dr Vas acknowledging the payment of
US$3m for the debt, and attaching the Central Chambers letter) “which
constituted the equitable assignment”. The Judge proceeded to accept that “Mr
Laszlo did assign in equity the Skantek debt (if it existed) on or about 14
January 2018, and that Dr Vas notified Mr Logan of the assignment by his email
of 15 January 2018” (see the Judgment at [66]).

35 Putting aside the fact (as we have found) that the Skantek debt had been
compromised, there were many other dubious circumstances surrounding the
assignment which renders it questionable whether Dr Vas had proven his pleaded
case that Mr Laszlo “assigned the aforesaid debt” to Dr Vas “for consideration
of US$3[m]”. We raise four points.

36 First, it would seem that the very same 7,000 MyDoc shares which Dr Vas was
holding on trust for Mr Logan pursuant to the Logan Trust Deed formed the
consideration allegedly agreed on for the assignment. In the 15 January 2018
Email, Dr Vas informed Mr Logan that he used the 7,000 MyDoc shares as
“leverage” to pay Mr Laszlo, and that he had “bought” the Skantek debt. As
noted earlier, Dr Vas and Mr Laszlo deposed that the consideration for the
assignment was the 7,000 MyDoc shares, and they agreed that the MyDoc shares
would have a value of US$3m. Dr Vas should have known that it was not open to
him to use the 7,000 MyDoc shares (held on trust under the Logan Trust Deed)
to buy the debt. Also, it is difficult to understand why Dr Vas would pay
US$3m as consideration, when the attached Central Chambers Letter only
acknowledged a debt of US$2.4m.

37 Secondly, the assignment purportedly took place on 14 January 2018.
Suspiciously, this was one day before Dr Vas was obliged to repay the
outstanding amount to Mr Logan under the Logan Trust Deed, failing which the
7,000 MyDoc shares would have been transferred to Mr Logan for the purpose of
finding a buyer for the shares. It seems to us that the assignment was
contrived to offer Dr Vas some basis to resist payment of the indebtedness
under the Logan Trust Deed, as the deadline for the payment had fallen due on
15 January 2018 and Dr Vas was obliged to transfer the shares to Mr Logan for
the purpose of finding a buyer.

38 Third, there is no evidence that there were any transfers of MyDoc shares
which ought to have taken place as part of purchase of the Skantek debt. Dr
Vas and Mr Laszlo deposed that the consideration of 7,000 MyDoc shares was
later renegotiated between them to 4,000 shares which (according to Mr Laszlo)
were to be held on trust by Dr Vas for Mr Laszlo’s wife, Ms Dutt Devika Maria
(“Ms Devika”). But there is only correspondence indicating these figures, as
well as a trust deed dated 1 November 2019 between Dr Vas and Ms Devika. That
deed declares that Dr Vas will assign 4,000 of his MyDoc shares for an
estimated US$2.4m debt due from Mr Logan to Ms Devika, and that he holds these
shares on trust for her. Even if this might explain why there were no share
transfers prior to that, we note that there is no other evidence to shed light
on the status of the 7,000 MyDoc shares that were allegedly sold to Mr Lazlo
by Dr Vas in 2018. Neither is there any explanation for why the US$2.4m debt
is said to be due to Ms Devika and not Mr Laszlo, or why the deed was signed
by Mr Laszlo and not Ms Devika.

39 Fourth, a deed of assignment of the Skantek debt dated 14 January 2018
between Dr Vas and Mr Laszlo was only signed much later in 2019. This was,
inter alia, deposed by Dr Vas, and supported by a screenshot of the document
properties of the deed that was put to Dr Vas in cross-examination, which
included 18 September 2019 in its file name (see the Judgment at [33]). We
agree with the Judge that it would appear that the deed of assignment was
created on that date, and therefore intended to defeat the statutory demand
which was issued on 31 July 2019 and served on Dr Vas on 1 August 2019. On
that basis, the Judge rejected the contention that there was a valid legal
assignment. Instead, as we stated, the alleged equitable assignment on or
about 14 January 2018 was found to rest on a conversation between the parties.

40 In our view, the conclusion to be drawn from all the questionable
circumstances is that by the purported purchase of the Scantek debt, Dr Vas
sought to put the 7,000 MyDoc shares out of Mr Logan’s reach, without having
to pay what was due to Mr Logan. We appreciate that Mr Logan has not
specifically pleaded that any purported assignment was not genuine but a sham
transaction. Nonetheless, it was argued before the Judge that there was no
such transaction. The flimsy, inconsistent and unsatisfactory evidence means
that the pleaded case of a purported purchase of the Skantek debt for a
consideration of US$3m faltered at the outset. That said, we are mindful that
consideration is not required for a valid assignment of a present chose in
action (Sutherland, Hugh David Brodie v Official Assignee and another [2021] 4
SLR 752 at [24]). Our point is that we are doubtful that the transaction, as
pleaded, was proven. In particular, it seems to us that the Judge was generous
with the appellants in drawing the inference that there was a conversation
which constituted the equitable assignment. Instead, the questionable
circumstances only serve to highlight the opportunistic conduct of Dr Vas and
Mr Laszlo, as observed by the Judge, and to support the finding that there had
been a compromise agreement which puts an end to any claim based on the
Skantek debt.

41 To round off, we also have some difficulties with the Judge’s finding of a
waiver by Dr Vas. This was not pleaded by Mr Logan, who merely pleaded that Dr
Vas had admitted and agreed to not get involved with the alleged debt and to
“shelve this”; and that even if there was such a notice of assignment of the
debt, which was denied, it was “effectively withdrawn” by Dr Vas. Before us,
counsel for Mr Logan accepted this. In any case, it does not seem to us that
“waiver” is the applicable legal concept. We note that the term has been used
in at least six different ways, including as an agreed variation of a
contract, or the effect of the doctrine of abandonment of rights (Michael
Barnes QC, The Law of Estoppel (Hart Publishing, 2020) at paras 2.206 to
2.213). In our view, though, what the Judge appeared to have found was in fact
a compromise agreement whereby Dr Vas promised not to sue, and he was in turn
given more time to raise funds from the sale of some of his MyDoc shares to a
person he was comfortable with (see the Judgment at [74]). However, we say no
more on this.

Conclusion

42 By all of the above, we dismiss the appeal. Having considered the parties’
costs submissions, we order the appellants to pay costs of $38,000 (all in) to
Mr Logan. The usual consequential orders apply.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of the Appellate Division| | | Kannan Ramesh   
Judge of the High Court  
---|---|---|---  
Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court| | |   
  
Lee Ming Hui Kelvin and Ong Xin Ying Samantha (WNLEX LLC) for the appellants;

Lazarus Nicholas Philip and Elizabeth Toh Guek Li (Justicius Law Corporation)
for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Apr 2022 (09:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

