Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 297

Originating Application No 144 of 2022

Between

| Yiong Kok Kong (as the private trustee in bankruptcy of the bankrupt estate
of Goh Ming Hue Julius, a bankrupt)  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| Liu Chien Min  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Land — Sale of land — Sale under court order]

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Bankruptcy effects — Priority of creditors]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yiong Kok Kong (as the private trustee in bankruptcy of the bankrupt estate of
Goh Ming Hue Julius, a bankrupt)

  
v

  

Liu Chien Min

[2022] SGHC 297

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 144 of 2022  
Audrey Lim J  
3 August, 21 November 2022

29 November 2022

Audrey Lim J:

1 The Claimant, who is the trustee in bankruptcy of one Julius Goh (“the
Bankrupt”), applied essentially for the following orders:

(a) That he be empowered to sell the Bankrupt’s property at 120 Gerald Drive
Singapore 797765 (“the Property”), which is jointly owned by the Bankrupt and
his wife (“the Defendant”) (collectively, “the Couple”), pursuant to s 18(2)
and para 2 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969
(2020 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), and for the sale proceeds (of the portion belonging to
the Bankrupt) to be used to pay off the Bankrupt’s creditors, after deducting:
(i) the expenses connected with the sale of the Property; and (ii) the
repayment of the outstanding mortgage (“the Net Proceeds”).

(b) That he be empowered to pay out the Net Proceeds to three creditors in
priority to the other creditors of the Bankrupt, pursuant to s 352(6) of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”).

2 Having considered the parties submissions and the evidence, I granted the
order sought in [1(a)] above and made no order in relation to [1(b)] above. I
now set out the grounds of my decision.

Background

3 On 20 February 2020, the bankruptcy order (“Bankruptcy Order”) was made with
the Official Assignee (“OA”) appointed to administer the Bankrupt’s estate. On
26 January 2021, upon the application of a creditor, the Claimant was
appointed to replace the OA as the private trustee in bankruptcy of the
Bankrupt. As of 22 August 2022, 27 proofs of debts have been filed with a
total debt value of $1,873,598.87. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Yiong Kok Kong’s 2nd affidavit dated 26 August 2022 (“Yiong’s 2nd Affidavit”)
at [6].

4 The Bankrupt was directed by the OA to make a monthly contribution of $1,920
(“Monthly Contribution”) with effect from June 2020, but at the time this
application was filed on 20 May 2022, he had contributed only $4,900, with the
last contribution of $950 made on 29 April 2022. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Yiong Kok Kong’s 1st affidavit dated 20 May 2022 (“Yiong’s 1st Affidavit”) at
[7].

He is employed as a sales manager and draws a monthly salary of $3,200.

5 The Bankrupt declared his only asset to be the Property. Based on the Land
Titles Register, the Property is jointly owned by the Couple as tenants-in-
common, with the Bankrupt having a 99% share and the Defendant having a 1%
share. The Property is a three-storey semi-detached house with a 99-year lease
from 1997. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Yiong’s 1st Affidavit at [8]–[10]; Liu Chien Min’s 1st affidavit dated 20 June
2022 (“Liu’s 1st Affidavit”) at [4]–[5].

6 The Property is currently charged to the Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)
Board and Standard Chartered Bank (“SCB”). The total amount that the Bankrupt
and Defendant have to refund or repay these entities upon the sale of the
Property is $1,558,587.49, which comprises the following: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Liu Chien Min’s 2nd affidavit dated 12 August (“Liu’s 2nd Affidavit”) at
Exhibit LCM-1.

(a) The sum of about $152,107.53 (comprising $119,230.87 in principal and
$32,876.66 in accrued interest) as of August 2022, to be refunded to the
Bankrupt’s CPF account.

(b) The sum of about $27,196.73 (comprising $23,400 in principal and $3,796.73
in accrued interest) as of August 2022, to be refunded to the Defendant’s CPF
account.

(c) The sum of about $1,379,283.23 as of July 2022, being the outstanding SCB
mortgage on the Property.

The Claimant’s case

7 The Claimant sought the sale of the Property as the Bankrupt was not able to
make the Monthly Contribution and his only asset of substantial value was the
Property. On 3 March 2022, the Claimant’s solicitors wrote to the Defendant’s
solicitors (“Claimant’s Letter”) to enquire whether the Defendant would be
agreeable to the sale of the Property. However, this was rejected by the
Defendant pursuant to a reply from her solicitors on 23 March 2022
(“Defendant’s Letter”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Yiong’s 1st Affidavit at [11]–[12] and pp 20–21.

Principally, the Defendant’s Letter stated that: (a) the Property is the
matrimonial home of the Couple; (b) seven individuals resided in the Property
(the Couple and their two children aged ten and seven, the Bankrupt’s mother,
the Bankrupt’s elderly aunt and a domestic helper); and (c) a sale of the
Property would be disruptive to the schooling of the Couple’s daughter. The
Defendant’s Letter also stated that the current market value of the Property
is $1,850,000.

8 The Claimant claimed there was no evidence to support the Defendant’s
contentions. The Bankrupt’s mother and aunt jointly own a five-room HDB flat
(“HDB Flat”) which the Bankrupt’s family could live in should the Property be
sold. Further, the Bankrupt’s family could purchase a smaller property using
the refunds made to the CPF accounts (of the Bankrupt and Defendant) from the
sale proceeds of the Property and by taking out another mortgage. The Claimant
also highlighted that the Couple had previously attempted to sell the Property
(before the start of COVID-19 pandemic) at an asking price of $2.2m. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Yiong’s 1st Affidavit at [13]–[16].

9 As the Bankrupt was unable to comply with the OA’s direction to make the
Monthly Contribution and the only asset of substantial value that the Bankrupt
owns was the Property, the creditors would not be able to realise any debt
owed to them if the Property was not sold. The Claimant further claimed that
the Defendant and her family have had ample opportunity to arrange for
alternative accommodation as it had been more than two years since the
Bankruptcy Order was made. Meanwhile, the Defendant and her family continued
to reside in the Property at the expense of the creditors. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Yiong’s 1st Affidavit at [18]–[19].

The Defendant’s case

10 The Defendant claimed that she would be prejudiced should the Property be
sold as the sale would cause financial hardship to every member of the family.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) dated 27 July 2022 at [13]; Liu’s 1st
Affidavit at [13]–[14].

The Property is the Couple’s matrimonial home. The Defendant holds only one
share in the Property because she was only a permanent resident at the time
she obtained a share in the Property and she did not have much savings to pay
for the Property and stamp duty. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at [5].

11 As for the Claimant’s suggestion to purchase a smaller property, the
Defendant claimed that she would be unable to afford such a purchase. The
Defendant also asserted that the HDB Flat was being rented out for some $2,200
a month, with the rental income used to pay for the Bankrupt’s mother and
aunt’s medical expenses. Moreover, the Bankrupt’s mother and aunt are
dependent on helpers and need one room each to live in. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at [8]–[9].

The Defendant thus averred that the HDB Flat could not be used by the
Bankrupt’s family should the Property be sold.

12 Additionally, the Couple’s daughter had started primary school near the
Property (“the School”) and gained admission to the School based on its
proximity to the Property. The Defendant claimed that she is required to
reside at the Property for at least 30 months (from 30 June 2021), in
accordance with the requirements imposed by the Ministry of Education (“MOE”),
failing which her daughter’s place in the School would not be kept. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at [12]; DWS at [44].

My decision

Application to sell the Property

13 The High Court has the power to sell the Property where it “appears
necessary or expedient” to do so, pursuant to s 18(2) read with para 2 of the
First Schedule to the SCJA and this power applies equally in the context of an
application by the OA or a trustee in bankruptcy: Ooi Chhooi Ngoh Bibiana v
Chee Yoh Chuang (care of RSM Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd, as joint and several
private trustees in bankruptcy of the bankruptcy estate of Freddie Koh Sin
Chong, a bankrupt) [2020] 2 SLR 1030 (“Ngoh Bibiana”) at [21]. In deciding
whether to exercise its power of sale, the court will consider all the
relevant facts and circumstances and conduct a balancing exercise: Ngoh
Bibiana at [24]–[25]. The factors to be taken into account in this balancing
exercise could include the following:

(a) Whether the expected share of sale proceeds would be sufficient to
discharge the debts owed by the bankrupt to his creditors.

(b) Whether the co-owner resisting the sale has contributed, benefited or is
in any way related to the events that led to the bankruptcy.

(c) The potential prejudice that the co-owner(s) and any third parties might
face in each of the possible scenarios, namely, if a sale is granted and if it
is not granted. An example of such prejudice to the co-owner(s) could include
their inability to find feasible alternative accommodation once a sale is
ordered due to the low price their property might fetch.

(d) The potential prejudice that creditors might face in each of the two
abovementioned scenarios.

(e) Whether there is sufficient time and opportunity given to source for
alternative accommodation.

(f) If the property is being used as a family home, any exceptional and
irremediable hardship to the family should also be considered.

14 Having considered the relevant factors, I found the balance to be in favour
of the sale of the Property.

15 First, without a sale of the Property, the Bankrupt’s creditors would be
unable to reclaim any of the debts owed to them, as the Bankrupt has declared
his only asset of substantial value to be the Property. In this regard, the
Defendant’s counsel (“Mr Chung”) submitted that the Net Proceeds of the
Property would in any event be “inadequate to discharge the [B]ankrupt from
all his debt, after settling the mortgage loan”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DWS at [23].

But the point is not whether the assets recovered from a bankrupt’s estate
would be sufficient to repay all the bankrupt’s debts. Invariably in many
situations of insolvency, creditors would generally obtain only a proportion
of what they are owed. Here, the outstanding mortgage loan with SCB and the
amounts that would have to be returned to the Bankrupt and Respondent’s CPF
accounts if a sale is ordered, aggregates $1,558,587.49 (based on the latest
information available in July/August 2022) (see [6] above). Assuming the
current market value of the Property is $1,850,000 (based on a valuation
report of 22 March 2022 enclosed in the Defendant’s Letter (see [7] above),
there remains about $290,000 for distribution to the creditors. In this
regard, the parties agreed that the Defendant’s 1% share in the Property would
be accounted for by the refund into her CPF account from the Net Proceeds,
should the court make an order for such refund. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Minute Sheet dated 21 November 2022.

16 Whilst this remainder sum amounts to about 15% of the total value of the
proofs of debts, this is not an insignificant sum. As I noted at [15] above,
it is quite common in insolvency proceedings that creditors are unable to
recover a substantial percentage of their debts. However, this should not be a
reason in itself to tilt the balance in favour of the Bankrupt (or the
Defendant) by refusing to order a realisation of an asset to satisfy the
debts. If this were the case, creditors who are faced with a situation where
the available assets are insufficient to cover a significant portion of the
debt would find themselves being unable to make any recovery at all.

17 Mr Chung also sought to distinguish Ngoh Bibiana on the basis that the
bankrupt there was 75 years old and did not have an income from which he could
pay off his debts, while the Bankrupt is only 41 years old and capable of
repaying the debt to the creditors “through self-hard work and help from the
family”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DWS at [26]–[27].

The Defendant had also stated that she was prepared to help the Bankrupt make
good the previous shortfall in the Monthly Contributions from June 2020 and
was further prepared to undertake to ensure his continuing payment of the
Monthly Contribution. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at [7].

18 However, the evidence did not support the Defendant’s position and instead
showed the contrary. The Bankrupt was to make a Monthly Contribution of $1,920
from June 2020. However, as of 29 April 2022, he had only contributed $4,900
in total over a period of about 22 months (or a mere 11% of some $42,000 which
he should have contributed throughout this period). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Yiong’s 1st Affidavit at [7]; Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 27 July
2022 (“CWS”) at [33]; DWS at [25].

This showed that the Bankrupt had not made any serious attempts to discharge
his debts. Indeed, at the adjourned hearing before me on 21 November 2022
(after the first hearing on 3 August 2022) Mr Chung then claimed that the
Bankrupt had commenced making repayment of the Monthly Contribution from June
2022 until October 2022. There was no evidence to support his assertion made
at the last minute, and even if true, it is pertinent to note that the
Bankrupt’s attempts to restart payment of the Monthly Contribution occurred
only after this application was filed in May 2022. Even if I had accepted Mr
Chung’s claim, the Defendant would still only have contributed some 7.5 months
of Monthly Contribution out of 29 months (from June 2020 to October 2022) and
there was no evidence that he would continue to make the Monthly Contribution
from November 2022 onwards. As for the Defendant’s proposed undertaking, this
did not assist her, given her assertion that she “is working a low-salary job
to support the entire family” and that she “doesn’t have much savings left”.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS at [33]; Liu’s 1st Affidavit at p 24.

19 Mr Chung further argued that the balance sale proceeds would in any event
be insufficient to discharge all the debts of the Bankrupt. This was because
the sale would favour three creditors, who had intimated their willingness to
fund the current application in exchange for priority to the distribution of
the Bankrupt’s estate pursuant to s 352(6) of IRDA, and who account only for
16.2% of the total debt. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS at [24].

I held that this point was irrelevant to the consideration of whether the
court should exercise its powers of sale under s 18(2) read with para 2 of the
First Schedule to the SCJA, as s 352(6) of IRDA deals with a matter of
distribution of a bankrupt’s estate among the creditors after his assets have
been realised (see further at [29]–[31] below). The court’s powers invoked
under s 352(6) of IRDA necessitates a different set of considerations, which
deals with the interest of creditors inter se.

20 In the circumstances, that there was only one asset of substantial value
that could be used to satisfy the Bankrupt’s debts coupled with the fact that
the Bankrupt had not made serious attempts to satisfy the debts owed to the
creditors (having failed to pay most of the Monthly Contribution) would tilt
the balance in favour of the court ordering a sale of the Property: Ngoh
Bibiana at [37].

21 Second, I was of the view that the potential prejudice the  
Defendant and her family might face if the sale of the Property was granted
was not so exceptional as to tilt the balance in her favour.

22 The Defendant’s claim that her family could not “relocate easily as no one
amongst them is capable of purchasing a new property nor renting an
alternative premises capable of housing all of them” 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at [38].

was not supported by the evidence. As the Claimant had pointed out, several
viable options were open to the Defendant and her family (see [8] above). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CWS at [36].

23 Notably, the Couple had previously attempted to sell the Property for $2.2m
by placing an advertisement on PropertyGuru just before the start of the
Covid-19 pandemic but which advertisement was subsequently withdrawn. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Yiong’s 1st Affidavit at [15]–[16] and p 41.

The listing of the Property for sale by both the Bankrupt and Defendant
contradicted the Defendant’s assertions that her family would have
difficulties in relocating from the Property. When faced with this evidence,
the Defendant’s reply was merely to state that placing the Property for sale
on the market “has no bearing as [to] whether I am prepared to sell the
[P]roperty”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at [11].

I was not persuaded by this explanation and found that the listing clearly
demonstrated that the Bankrupt and Defendant contemplated moving out of the
Property around the period when the Bankruptcy Order was made (ie, 20 February
2020).

24 As for the Defendant’s assertion that the Couple’s daughter would be
prejudiced by the sale of the Property as her place in the School would not be
kept if she did not reside at the Property for at least 30 months (which
according to Mr Chung ends on 30 November 2023) 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at [12]; DWS at [44].

, I found that this was not made out. The Defendant produced a screenshot of
MOE’s website stating that a child who gains priority admission into a school
through the “distance category” is required to reside at the address used for
registration for at least 30 months “from the start of the P1 Registration
Exercise”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at p 57.

Contrary to what the Defendant had attempted to portray, there is no automatic
termination of her daughter’s place in the School if the 30-month minimum stay
requirement is not met. The MOE website merely states that “MOE reserves the
right to transfer the child to another school with vacancies”. As parties
accepted, the intent of MOE’s policy is to prevent parents, who register a
child for the primary school of their choice based on distance, from abusing
the admission process by taking up temporary accommodation near the school of
choice to gain priority for admission only to then relocate shortly after the
child has been accepted into that school. Mr Chung had not produced evidence
to show that a family who has to subsequently relocate due to extraneous
circumstances, such as the court making an order for the sale of the Property,
would likely face similar consequences (ie, that MOE would transfer the child
out of the school) as a family who has attempted to abuse the system.

25 Third, a substantial amount of time (of more than two years) has passed
since the making of the Bankruptcy Order on 20 February 2020 and the taking
out of this application on 20 May 2022. This is an important factor in the
Claimant’s favour in the balancing exercise: Ngoh Bibiana at [35]. Even before
this application was filed, the Claimant had also sought the Defendant’s
consent on the sale of the Property by way of the Claimant’s Letter sent on 3
March 2022. Hence, by the time of the hearing before me on 21 November 2022,
the Defendant has had sufficient notice of the Claimant’s intention to sell
the Property.

26 In Ngoh Bibiana (at [34]–[36]) the Court of Appeal accepted that where the
application for a property to be sold is made less than a year from the making
of the bankruptcy order, this might be grounds for the sale to be delayed to
give the bankrupt more time to look for alternative means of paying his debts
and to find other arrangements for housing. In the present case, the Bankrupt
and Defendant had more than two years since the making of the Bankruptcy Order
to make alternative accommodation arrangements. It thus could not be said that
the Defendant and her family would be prejudiced in having insufficient time
and opportunity to source for alternative accommodation.

27 Finally, whilst the Defendant has contributed some $24,000 from her CPF
account towards the purchase of the Property (see [6(b)] above), this was not
a significant sum as to tilt the balance in her favour. The Bankrupt had
contributed some $119,000 from his CPF account and was the one who took the
mortgage of the Property with SCB.

28 As for the Defendant’s claim that the Bankrupt’s brother (“Kelvin”) had
been making the monthly repayments to the mortgage to SCB since April 2020, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at [10]; Minute Sheet dated 21 November 2022.

this was not borne out by the evidence. The Defendant had disclosed a bank
statement from Kelvin’s bank account only for April 2020, but she did not
disclose any documents to show that Kelvin had been discharging the mortgage
on the Property from May 2020 onwards. Even if I had accepted that Kelvin was
making the monthly mortgage repayments since April 2020, this was irrelevant
and did not assist the Defendant’s case. At best, Kelvin would be a creditor
of the Bankrupt and Defendant because (as the Defendant asserted) Kelvin
expects to be repaid.

Application under s 352(6) of IRDA

29 I turn then to the Claimant’s prayer under s 352(6) of IRDA (see [1(b)]
above). I had indicated at the first hearing of this application that this
prayer was premature as no sale proceeds have been recovered given that the
Claimant had not obtained the sale of the Property. At the second hearing
before me, the Claimant then decided to withdraw this prayer and I made no
order on it. Nevertheless, it would be appropriate to mention this point
briefly as it is important to note at what stage an application under s 352(6)
IRDA should be made.

30 Section 352(6) of IRDA reads as follows:

Where any creditor has given any indemnity or made any payment of moneys by
virtue of which any asset of the bankrupt has been recovered, protected or
preserved, the Court may make such order as it thinks just with respect to the
distribution of such asset with a view to giving that creditor an advantage
over other creditors in consideration of the risks run by the creditor in so
doing.

[emphasis added]

31 It is clear from s 352(6) of IRDA that the Court cannot make an order with
respect to the distribution of an asset of the bankrupt before the asset has
been recovered, protected or preserved. This interpretation of s 352(6) of
IRDA is consistent with the interpretation given in Re Vanguard Energy Pte Ltd
[2015] 4 SLR 597 (at [53]) pertaining to s 328(10) of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (now s 204 of IRDA), which deals essentially with the similar
issue of funding by creditors in the case of a company winding up.

32 Thus, it would be inappropriate to make an application under s 352(6) of
IRDA (pertaining to the interests of creditors in relation to recovered assets
of the bankrupt) together with an application under s 18(2) read with para 2
of the First Schedule to the SCJA for the sale of the bankrupt’s property vis-
à-vis a co-owner of the property. It suffices to say also that different
considerations would apply in determining whether an order should be granted
under s 352(6) of IRDA giving priority of distribution of an asset to one
creditor over another. Such considerations were not fully articulated for the
court’s consideration by the Claimant.

Conclusion

33 For the above reasons, I allowed the Property to be sold. I was cognisant
of some inconvenience and hardship the Defendant and her family would face in
having to move out of the Property. However, the “[p]erceived hardship and
inconvenience to the other co-owners were not in themselves sufficient to
prevent the sale order from being made”: Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel
Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 at [50]. Hence, although I empathised with
the Defendant on the difficulties the sale of the Property would bring, the
present situation was one where the interests of the creditors outweighed that
of the Defendant and her family for the reasons set out above. To mitigate the
situation, I further ordered that the Defendant and her family be allowed to
reside in the Property until 25 August 2023 (some nine more months), to allow
them sufficient time to find alternative accommodation. This was also bearing
in mind that the Couple’s daughter has just started primary school this year.

34 I further ordered that the proceeds from the sale of the Property were to
be paid to the Bankrupt’s estate: (a) after deducting the expenses connected
with the sale of the Property and the repayment of the outstanding mortgage;
and (b) after refunding the Bankrupt’s and Defendant’s respective CPF
contributions to the Property (inclusive of interest). There would be no
further apportionment of 1% of the sale proceeds towards the Defendant’s share
in the Property, given that the refund of the Defendant’s CPF contribution
(even without taking into account the interest on the CPF contribution) would
more than compensate the Defendant for her 1% interest in the Property. Both
parties were agreeable to this.

Audrey Lim  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Lim Tong Chuan (Excelsior Law Chambers LLC) for the claimant;

Chung Ting Fai and Yuge Li (Chung Ting Fai & Co)

for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Nov 2022 (09:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

