Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 48

Suit No 49 of 2020

Between

| Shandong Qixia Shida Fruits Refrigeration Co., Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Yong Zeng Yuan Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And Between

| Yong Zeng Yuan Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

(1)| Shandong Qixia Shida Fruits Refrigeration Co., Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Hou Chao  
  
… Defendants in counterclaim

judgment

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties] — [Breach of fiduciary duties]

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Contracts for sale and supply of goods]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Unlawful means conspiracy] — [Whether there was an
agreement or combination between parties to harm]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shandong Qixia Shida Fruits Refrigeration Co., Ltd

  
v

  

Yong Zeng Yuan Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 48

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 49 of 2020  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
30–31 August, 1–3, 6–10, 14–17 September, 3 December 2021

7 March 2022 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 An apple supplier did business with a husband-and-wife distributor for many
years. When their marriage broke down, the wife says she suspected that the
apple supplier was in league with her husband against her. She stopped payment
for the apples, and the supplier commenced this action against the pair’s
company. She joined her husband as defendant to a counterclaim against the
supplier. Was she boxing at shadows or was there a conspiracy afoot?

Facts

Background to the dispute

2 The plaintiff in the main action, Shandong Qixia Shida Fruits Refrigeration
Co,. Ltd (“Shida”), is a company incorporated in the People’s Republic of
China (“PRC”). It is in the business of supplying fruits and vegetables which
are grown in the PRC. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1.

3 The Defendant in the main action, Yong Zeng Yuan Pte Ltd (“YZY”), is a
company incorporated in Singapore in 1995. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 3 (“3AB”) at p 1468.

It is in the business of wholesale trading of fruit. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 2.

Hou Chao (“Mr Hou”), who is the second defendant in the counterclaim filed by
YZY, is a director of YZY, and was until 2019 the majority shareholder of YZY.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 8.

Gu Xiaolan (“Mdm Gu”), who was married to Mr Hou from 1986 to 2020, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at paras 10 to 11.

is also a shareholder and director of YZY. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2 June 2021) at para 1; AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2
June 2021) at para 9.

Hou Yini (“Ms Yini”), is the daughter of Mr Hou and Mdm Gu, and has been a
director of YZY since 2012, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Hou Yini (dated 2 June 2021) at para 7.

as well as the majority shareholder of YZY after a series of share transfers
made from December 2017 to January 2018. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of Hou Yini (dated 2 June 2021) at para 8.

The validity of these transfers is the subject of separate proceedings in HC/S
1009/2019, where Mr Hou has alleged that his signatures to the transfers were
forged. That is a separate dispute and nothing turns on it for these
proceedings.

4 Between 1997 and 1999, YZY supplied apples and other fruit to National Trade
Union Congress Fairprice supermarkets (“NTUC Fairprice”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 21; AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2
June 2021) at para 16.

5 In 2002, Yantai Yinyuan Foodstuff Co. Ltd (“YY”) was incorporated in the PRC
by Mr Hou on behalf of YZY, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at paras 22 to 23.

and was used in place of YZY to procure and purchase red Fuji apples (the
“apples”) to be supplied and delivered to NTUC Fairprice. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 23; AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2
June 2021) at para 9.

Between 2002 and 2011, NTUC Fairprice would pay YY for the apples supplied to
it, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 26.

however after 2011, NTUC Fairprice would make payment for the apples directly
into YZY’s Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation (“OCBC”) bank account. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 27; AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2
June 2021) at para 19.

It was not disputed that YY was a fully-owned subsidiary of YZY between 2002
and 2012. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 16; AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2
June 2021) at paras 8 to 11.

However while Mr Hou claims that YY was sold in or around October 2012, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 30.

Mdm Gu states that she was not made aware of this until 2019. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2 June 2021) at para 11.

6 After the sale of YY, Mr Hou says that he entered into a purchasing
arrangement with Shida, on behalf of YZY, whereby Shida would supply the
apples to NTUC Fairprice, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 31.

as well as YZY itself for onward sale to Kian Seng Fresh Produce Pte Ltd
(“Kian Seng”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 33.

According to Mr Hou, even after sale of YY, the apples supplied by Shida were
packaged and delivered using boxes labelled with YY’s certifications and name.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at paras 34 to 35.

It was not disputed that the invoices for payment of the apples were issued
using YY’s invoices to NTUC Fairprice, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AEIC of Hou Chao (dated 2 June 2021) at para 36; AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2
June 2021) at para 19.

but the payments made by NTUC Fairprice for the apples were made to YZY’s OCBC
bank account in Singapore.

7 After delivery of the apples, Mr Hou would instruct Mdm Gu to pay Shida
using YZY’s OCBC bank account. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2 June 2021) at para 20.

These instructions from Mr Hou would be sent via email to either Mdm Gu or Ms
Yini. Attached to these emails would be spreadsheets calculating the amounts
to be paid to Shida. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2 June 2021) at para 21.

Sometime in January 2019, YZY stopped making payments to Shida. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AEIC of Gu Xiaolan (dated 2 June 2021) at para 22.

8 Between 16 October 2018 and 8 May 2019, Shida had supplied apples with a
total value of US$2,077,952.80, which were delivered to the consignee NTUC
Fairprice. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC at para 5.

As Shida alleges that the apples were supplied to YZY for onward sale to NTUC
Fairprice, it commenced the present proceedings seeking to claim the sum of
US$1,572,142 from YZY—after deducting the sum of US$400,000 which was already
paid by YZY, as well as a discount of US$64,251.74 and commission of
US$41,559.06 (owed to YZY). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at paras 5 to 7.

9 In its defence, YZY argues that Shida had supplied apples to YY, and that
YZY had merely provided its OCBC bank account for NTUC Fairprice to make
payment to YY as YY did not have a bank account in Singapore. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 6(a) to 6(f).

Thus, it was YY and not YZY that was obliged to pay Shida for the apples
delivered to NTUC Fairprice, Apart from this arrangement for the use of its
bank account, YZY claims that it was not involved in the purchase of apples
from Shida or the delivery of apples to NTUC Fairprice. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 6(g).

10 In its counterclaim, YZY alleges that as YZY had paid Shida US$8,829,148.20
and only received US$8,362,153.67 from NTUC Fairprice, it had overpaid
US$466,994.53 to Shida from 2017 to 2018 (the “Excess Payments”), on the
instruction of Mr Hou. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 15.

YZY also alleges breach of fiduciary and statutory duties on the part of Mr
Hou, as a director of YZY, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 17 to 18.

claiming that Mr Hou had benefited from the Excess Payments, by receiving
various sums from persons connected to Shida 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 16(a).

and also aided Shida in its business. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 16A.

Further, YZY also allege that Shida and Mr Hou had conspired to injure YZY by
unlawful means, causing YZY to make the Excess Payments, and suffer other
losses. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 23 to 28.

The parties’ cases

Shida’s Case

The main claim

(1) Relationship between Shida and YZY

11 Shida’s primary case is that it had contracted with YZY to supply the
apples, which were ultimately sold to NTUC Fairprice and Kian Seng. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 5.

Shida submits that as Mr Hou, a shareholder and director of YZY, was in charge
of the logistical and operational aspect of YZY import and export matters, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 10.

he had actual and/or implied authority to enter into the purchasing agreements
with Shida on YZY’s behalf. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 13.

In any event, whether Mr Hou did in fact have the authority to bind YZY, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 18.

or use YZY’s stamp on the purchasing agreements, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 26.

was not a matter that concerned Shida as all of this was simply an internal
matter for YZY under the “indoor management rule”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 29.

12 Shida says that all the invoices it has issued to YZY are authentic, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 36 to 51.

and were consistent with the spreadsheets compiled by Mr Hou
contemporaneously, which were in turn sent to Mdm Gu and Ms Yini, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 53.

who did not raise any issues at that time. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 57 to 60.

13 In relation to the concerns raised by YZY about the metadata in respect of
the 51 electronic invoices Shida had issued for the 2018/2019 supply cycle,
Shida argues that as there was no expert evidence on the significance of this
metadata, the allegations are just speculative. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 63 to 65.

14 Turning to the different shippers named on the bills of lading, Shida
argues that these discrepancies can be explained by the fact that Shida had
shipped the apples from a port in the PRC, and that Mr Hou (vis-à-vis YZY) had
arranged for the shipment of the apples from the PRC to Singapore. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 75 to 78.

In any event, Shida argues that YZY does not dispute that the apples were
received by NTUC Fairprice, and that NTUC Fairprice had made payment to YZY
for the apples. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 80.

(2) Relationship between YY and YZY

15 Shida submits that the evidence shows that YZY was not merely a conduit for
YY to receive payment from NTUC Fairprice, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 82 to 83

and that YZY had treated the profits and monies of YY as its own. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 89.

16 Further, Shida argues that although the contract for the supply of the
apples to NTUC Fairprice was in YY’s name (and using boxes bearing YY’s name),
YZY was the true party to the contract. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 95.

(3) Amount Shida is entitled to be paid

17 Shida argues that the price of the apples was not necessarily fixed by the
written terms of the purchasing agreements between YZY and Shida, but could
fluctuate with the market, subject to agreement between Mr Hou and Shida’s
sole director, Liu Jianghua (“Mr Liu”). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 101 to 105.

As YZY had in fact received payments amounting to US$2,555,341.66 from NTUC
Fairprice for the apples supplied, it would have made a significant profit
even after paying US$1,572,142 to Shida. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 114 to 115.

The counterclaim

18 Turning to the counterclaim, Shida argues that YZY’s counterclaim was
premised on YZY and not YY being the contracting party with Shida. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 116 to 118.

19 Shida further submits that YZY’s counterclaim wrongly assumes that all the
apples supplied by Shida had been delivered to NTUC Fairprice, when in fact
some of the apples had been supplied to Kian Seng. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 124 to 125.

After accounting for the apples supplied to Kian Seng, Shida had invoiced YZY
a total of US$9,302,323.20 (including the US$473,180 paid by Kian Seng to
Shida purportedly on YZY’s behalf), 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 131.

while YZY had collected a total of US$10,706,497 from Kian Seng and NTUC
Fairprice, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 130.

making a profit of US$1,404,163.80 for the 2016/2017 and 2017/2018 supply
cycles. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 132 and 139.

20 As for the transfers made between Mr Hou, Mr Liu Meiliang (Mr Liu’s son),
Ms Liu Panhua, and Ms Tan Lin Lin, Shida argues that YZY has not shown how
these transactions concerned monies which had belonged to YZY, or how the
transactions would have been made at YZY’s expense. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 141.

Further, the agreement dated 6 August 2019 was between Mr Hou and Mr Liu
Meiliang’s company Zhen Hao Fruit and Vegetable Cold Storage Co Ltd (“Zhen
Hao”) (the “Apple Storage Agreement”), which had nothing to do with Shida. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 142.

YZY’s Case

The main claim

21 YZY argues that as Shida’s contractual claim against YZY for the apples
supplied to NTUC Fairprice arises from the same apple supply contract under
which apples were supplied to Kian Seng, the claim for the apples supplied to
NTUC Fairprice is intertwined with its supply of apples to Kian Seng. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 47.

Accordingly, as YY had issued invoices to YZY for the apples delivered to Kian
Seng, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 112 to 120.

YY had to have been the entity which had purchased the apples from Shida for
onward sale to NTUC Fairprice. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 121.

Further, YZY submits that Shida had belatedly referred to the purchasing
agreement between Shida and YZY only in its further and better particulars
filed on 22 June 2020, casting doubt on the existence of this purchasing
agreement. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at pars 50 to 51.

In addition, YZY submits that the various sums attributed to “discounts” or
“commissions” or “warehouse charges”, were ex post facto attempts by Shida to
justify the claimed amount, and were not supported by documentary evidence. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 53 to 59.

22 In relation to YY, notwithstanding having averred in its defence that “[YY]
was sold in or around 2012”, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 6(h).

YZY submits that there is “a complete lack of any evidence to support the
assertions [of Shida] that YY was sold in 2012”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 61.

Accordingly to YZY, Mr Hou’s continued use of YY’s documents and
certifications despite having said that YY was sold in 2012, shows that Mr Hou
had concocted evidence to suit his purposes. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 70 to 71.

YZY further points to the use of YY’s name on the tender submitted to NTUC
Fairprice, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 89 to 91.

YY’s name on the bills of lading, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 96 to 98.

and the emails between NTUC Fairprice and YY, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 99 to 102.

as evidence that NTUC Fairprice had contracted with YY rather than YZY for the
supply of the apples.

23 YZY also disputes the authenticity of the purchasing agreement between YZY
and Shida, the 51 invoices for the apples supplied between October 2018 and
May 2019, the bills of lading stating Shida as the shipper, and customs
declaration forms. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 122 to 123.

The counterclaim

(1) Against Shida

24 YZY does not dispute that for its counterclaim for refund of the Excess
Payments to succeed against Shida, there would have to be a binding agreement
between YZY and Shida for the supply of the apples. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 186.

Otherwise, it would be YY that was entitled to refund of any excess payment.
This part of the counterclaim is therefore run in the alternative.

25 First, YZY argues, that according to the purchasing agreement between YZY
and Shida, the unit price for the apples is US$24 per carton, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 186.

and that while the agreement allowed for a price increase of up to 5%, the
amount Shida had invoiced was at the rate of US$30.50 per carton. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 187.

As no objective evidence of the market price was provided by Shida, YZY
submits that using the “agreed” price, the total amount invoiced should have
been US$1,635,110.40, and that the amount due to Shida would only have been
US$1,129,299.60 after accounting for the various discounts. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 187.

26 Second, YZY submits that as Kian Seng had continued to make payments to
Shida on behalf of both YY and YZY, a total of US$1,052,028 (instead of
US$473,180) had been paid by Kian Seng to Shida on behalf of YZY, and that the
amount that YZY would owe Shida should be reduced accordingly. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 190 and 213.

Adopting the sum of US$9,302,323.20 provided by Shida, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 214.

after accounting for the sum of US$8,829,143.20 YZY had previously paid Shida
and the sum of US$1,052,028 paid by Kian Seng, YZY submits that there were
ultimately Excess Payments of US$578,848 made to Shida. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 214.

At this juncture, I pause to note that in YZY’s pleaded defence, the alleged
Excess Payments of US$466,994.53 was derived only from the payments made by
NTUC Fairprice, and that the “additional” payments from Kian Seng forming part
of the Excess Payments were not part of its pleaded case. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 15.

27 Third, YZY argues that part of a sum of US$1,052,028 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 225 to 226.

that Mr Hou had gotten Kian Seng to pay Shida was an Excess Payment. Of this
sum paid by Kian Seng to Shida, it is agreed that US$473,180 was paid on YZY’s
behalf. Shida says that the balance of US$578,848 was paid pursuant to a
direct commercial relationship between Shida and Kian Seng, but YZY disagrees,
claiming that it was paid pursuant to a conspiracy between Shida and Mr Hou,
and that Shida was unjustly enriched as a result. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 215.

28 YZY points to various transactions as evidence that Shida had conferred a
benefit on Mr Hou in return for these Excess Payments,:

(a) A transfer of RMB3,410,000 from Ms Liu Panhua (a shareholder of Shida, and
the younger sister of Mr Liu) to Mr Hou; 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 227 to 235.

(b) A transfer of RMB4,000,000 from Ms Liu Panhua to Ms Tan Lin Lin (Mr Hou’s
alleged mistress) on or around 9 August 2017; 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 236 to 239.

(c) The Apple Storage Agreement which was entered into between Mr Liu Meiliang
and Mr Hou. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 240 to 245.

29 Taking these transactions as benefits conferred by Shida on Mr Hou, YZY
argues that Shida had combined with Mr Hou to cause YZY to make the Excess
Payments to Shida, in breach of Mr Hou’s fiduciary duties, and that YZY had
suffered a loss as a result. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 248.

In the alternative, Shida by receiving the Excess Payments, had been unjustly
enriched. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 250 to 252.

(2) Against Mr Hou

30 YZY’s claim against Mr Hou is that he breached his fiduciary duties owed to
YZY as its director, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at para 254.

when he had procured YZY to make Excess Payments to Shida, 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 256 to 257.

and when he had helped Shida procure smaller apples from other suppliers
instead of from YZY. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 264 to 265.

YZY also alleges that Mr Hou had procured Shida to commence the present
proceedings against YZY, and had worked with Shida to produce false documents.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October 2021) at paras 269 to 280.

Mr Hou’s Case

The main claim

(1) Relationship between YY and YZY

31 Mr Hou’s case is that while YY had been the supplier of apples to NTUC
Fairprice after incorporation, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 2.2.4.

after YY’s sale in 2012, YZY had continued supplying apples to NTUC Fairprice
using YY’s name and certifications in its tenders. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 2.2.5.

That the contractual relationship was in fact between YZY and NTUC Fairprice
was said to be shown by the fact that YZY had received payment from NTUC
Fairprice from 2012 to 2019, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 2.2.15.

that Mdm Gu did not provide any documentary evidence to show that YZY had made
any transfers to YY, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 2.2.17 to 2.2.21.

and that Ms Yini had opposed the attempted change of recipient bank account
from YZY to YY by Mr Hou. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 2.2.25 to 2.2.27.

32 Further, the fact that Mdm Gu had treated YZY’s monies as its own, shows
that the monies were paid by NTUC Fairprice to YZY and not YY, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 2.2.30.

and that YZY was not a mere conduit for payment to YY. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 2.2.33.

(2) Relationship between Shida and YZY

33 Taking the same line as Shida, Mr Hou submits that he had the authority to
enter into binding contracts with fruit suppliers on behalf of YZY, as its
managing director and majority shareholder up till December 2017. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 3.1.1 to 3.1.4.

It is under this authority that Mr Hou affixed YZY’s seal to the purchasing
agreements with Shida. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 3.3.1 to 3.3.5.

34 Mr Hou also states that the invoices issued by Shida were authentic and
that their authenticity is corroborated by the contemporaneous spreadsheets he
had sent Mdm Gu or Ms Yini detailing the shipments and amounts. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 3.4.1 to 3.4.7.

Similarly, Mr Hou submits that the bills of lading disclosed by Shida were
authentic. Any discrepancy as to the named shipper was explained by the fact
that Shida had paid for the transportation of the apples within the PRC, while
the transportation documents from the PRC to Singapore would be made under
YY’s name in order to obtain preferential pricing. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 3.5.1 to 3.5.4.

35 Mr Hou concedes that while he had instructed Shida to pack the apples using
boxes bearing NTUC Fairprice’s logo and YY’s name, the boxes had borne Shida’s
business and packing house registration number, which meant that NTUC
Fairprice had been aware that Shida was supplying the apples to it, and that
Shida was entitled to the payments made for those apples. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 3.6.1 to 3.1.4.

36 In totality, as Shida had in fact supplied and shipped the apples to YZY
for sale to NTUC Fairprice, and NTUC Fairprice had made payments to YZY for
the apples, Shida is entitled to the payments due on the apples. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 3.8.1.

Mr Hou further argued that neither Ms Yini nor Mdm Gu can deny the existence
of a contractual relationship between Shida and YZY, having acknowledged that
fact on two occasions:

(a) When Ms Yini had agreed to pay Shida provided that Mr Hou complied to a
list of conditions she had set out; 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 3.8.2.

(b) When Mdm Gu had stated in a call on 28 April 2021, that YZY had made
payments to Shida whenever they were due. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 3.8.3.

The counterclaim

37 In relation to YZY’s original claim for Excess Payments (ie,
US$466,994.53), Mr Hou submits that YZY had omitted to account for the
payments made by Kian Seng to YZY, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 3.7.2.

and that its belated attempt to allege that the payments made by Kian Seng
directly to Shida (ie, US$578,848) were Excess Payments were unpleaded and
unmeritorious. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 3.7.9.

38 As regards YZY’s claim premised on unlawful means conspiracy, Mr Hou argues
that as YZY generated a profit from the transactions, there cannot be said to
have been any Excess Payments. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 5.1.1 to 5.1.11.

39 As regards Mr Hou’s alleged breach of fiduciary duties for receiving
RMB3,410,000 from Ms Liu Panhua, Mr Hou submits that the procurement of
smaller apples for Shida was out of his own goodwill, and that ultimately
RMB3,200,000 was returned when the transaction was aborted. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 5.2.1 to 5.2.2.

In any event, Mr Hou argues that Mdm Gu had known about this transaction and
that there could not be any breach of fiduciary duties as she acquiesced to
it. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 5.2.3 to 5.2.6.

40 As regards the alleged transfer of RMB4,000,000 from Ms Liu Panhua to Ms
Tan Lin Lin, Mr Hou submits that there is no evidence to show that this
transfer had anything to do with Shida, YZY or Mr Hou. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 5.3.2.

Besides, the sum of RMB4,000,000 is already the subject of legal action taken
by Mdm Gu in the PRC, which has been dismissed by the Chinese Courts. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 5.3.7.

41 In relation to the transfer of RMB1,000,000 from Mr Liu Meiliang to Mr Hou,
Mr Hou submits that the transfer was a result of bank error, and that Mr Hou
had transferred the sum to Mr Liu Meiliang by mistake and was returned the
same sum within minutes. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 5.4.3 to 5.4.4.

42 In relation to the Apple Storage Agreement, Mr Hou first states that Shida
and Zhen Hao (and Mr Liu Meiliang) are separate legal entities, and that there
is no conspiracy between Mr Hou and Shida to injure YZY via any arrangement
with Zhen Hao. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 5.5.3 to 5.5.4.

Second, the Apple Storage Agreement was entered into in order for YZY to meet
its obligations to NTUC Fairprice after Shida had ceased the supply of the
apples following YZY’s failure to pay Shida. Accordingly, this was done in
YZY’s best interest rather with the intention to injure it. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at paras 5.5.5 to 5.5.7.

43 Finally, in relation to YZY’s allegation that Mr Hou had procured Shida to
commence proceedings against YZY, Mr Hou submits that there is no reason for
him to do so, as it compromises his own interest in YZY. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Second Defendant in the counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (dated 15 October
2021) at para 5.6.2.

Issues to be determined

44 During the hearing, I requested counsel to draw up an agreed list of
issues. I now set out that agreed list of issues:

(a) Agreed list of issues between Shida, YZY and Mr Hou:

(i) Whether Shida had contracted with YZY or YY to supply apples that were
ultimately delivered to the end-customers, NTUC Fairprice and Kian Seng;

(ii) If Shida contracted with YZY, what is the amount Shida is entitled to be
paid;

(iii) Whether YZY made Excess Payments to Shida in the 2016/2017 and 2017/2018
supply cycles;

(iv) If there were Excess Payments made by YZY to Shida in the 2016/2017 and
2017/2018 supply cycles, whether the Excess Payments were made pursuant to a
conspiracy between Shida and Mr Hou;

(v) What is the purpose of the transfer of RMB3,410,000 on or around 19 June
2017 from Ms Liu Panhua to Mr Hou, whether this transfer was for the benefit
of Mr Hou, and whether the unutilised portion of the said sum had been
returned by Mr Hou to Ms Liu Panhua;

(vi) Whether Ms Liu Panhua transferred RMB4,000,000 to Ms Tan Lin Lin on or
around 9 August 2017 on behalf of Shida, and if so, whether this was for the
benefit of Mr Hou;

(vii) Whether Mr Liu Meiliang transferred RMB1,000,000 to Mr Hou on or around
20 October 2017 on behalf of Shida, and if so, whether this was for the
benefit of Mr Hou;

(viii) What is the purpose of the Apple Storage Agreement and whether Shida
had any involvement in the Apple Storage Agreement;

(b) Agreed list of issues between YZY and Mr Hou:

(i) Whether Mr Hou had breached his fiduciary and/or statutory duties owed to
YZY;

(ii) Whether YZY's failure to pay Shida was the result of matrimonial disputes
between Mr Hou and Mdm Gu;

(iii) Whether Mr Hou procured and/or instigated Shida to commence these
proceedings against YZY.

45 I will address these issues under four main headings:

(a) Was Shida’s contract with YZY or YY?

(b) Were there Excess Payments and if so, how much were they?

(c) Did Mr Hou breach his duties to YZY, and if so, what is his liability to
YZY?

(d) Is Shida liable to YZY for any breaches of duty on the part of Mr Hou,
whether as a secondary party or as a co-conspirator?

Issue 1: Was Shida’s contract with YZY or YY?

46 YZY did not seriously challenge Mr Hou’s authority, as one of its directors
who was actively involved in its business, to contract on its behalf. Indeed,
Mdm Gu’s evidence was that she left many matters to Mr Hou to deal with,
including interactions with Shida. Rather, YZY’s case is that Mr Hou
contracted with Shida on behalf of YY, and then later, together with Mr Liu,
made up a false paper trail to pretend that he had done so on YZY’s behalf.

Was YY sold?

47 Material to answering the question whether Shida contracted with YZY or YY
is whether YY had already been sold or remained YZY’s subsidiary. Only in the
latter case is it practically possible that Mr Hou contracted with Shida on
behalf of YY rather than YZY. If YY had already been sold, then Mr Hou’s
continued use of its name in dealing with NTUC Fairprice could have been for
convenience and continuity. Nonetheless, to continue to use the name of an
entity that one has sold is unusual and requires a persuasive explanation.

48 YZY contended that YY was not sold. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions para 87.

Yet in its pleadings it had taken the position that YY was sold in 2012. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) para 6(h).

While ordinarily a party must be held to its pleading, I accept that in the
circumstances of this case YZY could be said to have relied on what Mr Hou
told Mdm Gu and Ms Yini. The question of whether YY was sold was contested
during trial and Shida did not take the pleading point. Consequently, I will
consider the evidence on this point.

49 Mdm Gu did not dispute that the instructions given to NTUC Fairprice for
payment changed from YY’s bank account in China to YZY’s account in Singapore
2011. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript (15 September 2021) p 44, ln 10 to p45 ln 1; 4 AB 1863.

This is consistent with anticipation of YY being sold. However, Mdm Gu offered
another reason for the change, namely that it was difficult to remit monies
out of China. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript (15 September 2021) p 44, ln 10-22.

50 Mr Hou conceded under cross examination that it was not a sale of YY but of
YY’s factory: an asset sale. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript (3 September 2021) p 70, ln 1-25.

He testified that he told Mdm Gu about it at the time and that he gave her the
sale and purchase agreement to retain for YZY. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript (3 September 2021) p 71, ln 19-23.

51 YZY adduced a document described (in translation) as an “Enterprise Credit
Information Publicity Report” for YY dated 12 May 2017, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

4 AB 1829-32.

which showed YZY as the only investor in YY. This would support their case
that YY was not sold. However, it is unclear what weight should properly be
given to this report, nor has YZY seen fit to adduce any expert evidence on
this.

52 Mr Hou called Mr Quek Chin Hock (“Mr Quek”), a director of Kian Seng to
testify on his behalf. Mr Quek claimed to know that YY was sold in 2012 and
that Shida supplied apples to YZY for YZY to supply to both NTUC Fairprice and
Kian Seng. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AEIC of Quek Chin Hock paras 12 and 19.

53 During cross examination, Mr Quek conceded that he was wrong on both these
points. First, he conceded that it was YY’s factory that was sold. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript (9 September 2021) p 32, ln 6-24.

Then, he retracted his evidence that Shida supplied apples to YZY for YZY to
supply to both NTUC Fairprice and Kian Seng. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript (9 September 2021) pp 63-64.

He did so after being shown an invoice issued by YY to NTUC Fairprice. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

3AB 1291.

54 I find on the evidence in these proceedings that YY was not sold by YZY,
although there may have been a sale of its assets in 2012. Accordingly, it
remains possible that Mr Hou contracted with Shida on YY’s behalf and not YZY.
To determine whether this was indeed the case, as YZY alleges, depends on the
evidence, in particular whether the purchasing agreements are genuine.

Are the purchasing agreements, invoices, bills of lading and customs
declaration forms authentic?

55 The burden is on Shida to prove the authenticity of the documents.

56 I start with the purchasing agreements. Three are relevant in these
proceedings:

(a) Purchasing agreement for October 2016 to October 2017 dated 7 October
2016. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

1 PB58-61.

(b) Purchasing agreement for October 2017 to October 2018 dated 25 September
2017. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

1 PB 62-65.

(c) Purchasing agreement for October 2018 to October 2019 dated 4 October
2018. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

1 PB 66-69.

57 Shida adduced direct evidence from Mr Liu that he signed these purchasing
agreements on behalf of Shida. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

AEIC of Liu Jianghua, paras 28-36.

Mr Hou also provided direct evidence that he signed them on behalf of YZY. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AEIC of Hou Chao para 31.

58 Their evidence is that pursuant to these purchasing agreements apples were
supplied by Shida to YZY, invoices were issued for that supply, and until this
dispute, payments were duly made by YZY.

59 YZY asserts that the purchasing agreements were created after the event for
the purpose of making a false claim against YZY in these proceedings. This is
what YZY’s counsel suggested to Mr Liu. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript (31 August 2021) p 61, ln17-19.

Much was made of various discrepancies. It was also claimed that the company
stamp purportedly of YZY that was used on the purchasing agreements was not
made on YZY’s behalf but made by Mr Hou at some later point. Consequently, far
from signifying authority to represent YZY, its use betrayed the false
backdating of these documents.

60 Thus, the question is not whether Mr Hou and Mr Liu ever signed the
documents said to be purchasing agreements, but whether these documents were
made and signed at the time of the dates stated on them or instead only
brought into existence and signed at some later point in time, and then
falsely backdated.

61 In the context of this question, YZY’s complaint 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Defendant’s closing submissions para 129.

that the originals of the purchasing agreements were not adduced into evidence
is beside the point. Originals were disclosed and inspected, including by
YZY’s expert who testified about her inspection of them. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Report of Yang Chiew Yung dated 25 June 2021, para 10, BAEIC 213; Transcript
(10 September 2021) pp 88-97.

That the copies included in Shida’s bundle of documents were true copies of
the inspected originals was not challenged, and was obviously the case. Thus,
the purchasing agreements were proved by secondary evidence, namely the
adduction of copies and by the direct evidence of the two signatories.

62 Both the signatories denied that the purchasing agreements were backdated
and attested to their being genuine agreements. YZY attacked their
truthfulness in three main ways:

(a) Mr Hou lied when he said that the stamp he used on the purchasing
agreements was one of two made by him and Mdm Gu shortly after YZY’
incorporation. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Defendant’s closing submissions paras 170 to 173.

(b) Shida did not mention the 2018 purchasing agreement in its letters of
demand and its initial pleadings. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Defendant’s closing submissions paras 49 to 51.

(c) There were inconsistencies between the purchasing agreements and the
disclosed invoices, including an increase in price nine days after the alleged
signing of the 2018 purchasing agreement. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Defendant’s closing submissions para 177.

The company stamps

63 I return to the evidence of YZY’s expert, Mdm Yang Chiew Yung (“Mdm Yang”).
Her inspection was focused on whether the stamp impressions were physically
stamped and whether those impressions were made by either of the stamps that
Mdm Gu had. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Report of Yang Chiew Yung dated 25 June 2021, para 7(a) and (b), BAEIC 212.

YZY’s expert concluded that they were indeed physically stamped but that they
were not made by the stamps in Mdm Gu’s possession. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Report of Yang Chiew Yung dated 25 June 2021, paras 29 and 20, BAEIC 219.

64 I pause to note that there was an initial confusion of terminology. The
stamps, which bear YZY’s name in English in the form of a circle with the
Chinese character for Yuan in the centre, are just rubber stamps. On
application, they leave an ink mark. YZY’s expert was inexact to call those
marks impressions as, unlike with a company seal, there is no physical
deformation of the paper. The stamps were not company seals. Company seals are
used with sealing paper when a company has to execute a deed under seal. In
some countries, the company seal continues to be essential for the conduct of
business. Not so in Singapore. With effect from 31 March 2017, Companies Act
1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) s 41B provided that a company may execute
a deed without any common seal by signature as stipulated therein.

65 I note further that the stamps did not include YZY’s registration number.
In the days before personal computers and laser jet printers, it was usual for
rubber stamps to include the company’s registration number as that then
provided a convenient means for companies which did not wish to incur the
expense of pre-printed invoices or purchase orders to comply with Companies
Act s 144(1), when using generic booklets of invoices and other trading
documents. Companies Act s 144(1A) requires the registration number of a
company to appear in a legible form on all business letters, statements of
account, invoices, official notices and publications of or purporting to be
issued or signed by or on behalf of a company. The absence of the company’s
registration number does not invalidate the document, rather it exposes the
company and any of its officers involved in issue of the document to potential
penalties.

66 The significance of this digression is that stamping the purchasing
agreements was not required for them to be binding. Thus, the only relevance
of the stamps is that if it can be shown that the stamp was not in existence
at the time when the purchasing agreements were purportedly dated then this
would be compelling evidence of backdating.

67 I accept Mdm Yang’s evidence and find that Mr Hou’s initial claim that he
had used a stamp that was one of a pair that he had made with Mdm Gu shortly
after incorporation of YZY is not true. He changed his evidence when he
testified, suggesting that the stamps were made at different times. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript (7 September 2021) pp 41-42.

68 However, I do not find that Mr Hou was deliberately lying on this point.
That he was mistaken about when or how the stamp was made does not mean that
it was made by him after the dispute arose for the purpose of creating false
documents.

The belated mention of the 2018 purchasing agreement

69 While I accept that Shida did not mention the 2018 purchasing agreement
initially, I do not agree that this shows that there was no such agreement.
The debts on which it was suing arose from the invoices that were issued for
apples actually supplied, rather than under the umbrella purchasing
agreements. It is not unusual or suspicious for letters of demand or a
statement of claim to be based on a tabulation of the invoices for goods
delivered. The most convenient way for statements of account to be kept
between traders is by reference to invoices.

Consistency between purchasing agreements and invoices

70 YZY raised numerous inconsistencies. These included whether the prices on
the invoices matched the range of price variations allowed by the purchasing
agreements. However, the purchasing agreements did contemplate possible
fluctuations in price. I was unable to find that the inconsistencies whether
taken singly or together showed that the documents were not genuine.

71 I consider that the contemporaneous internal tables that Mr Hou prepared
and sent by email to Mdm Gu and Ms Yini for the purpose of coordinating and
arranging payment to Shida, show that the invoices were genuine and the debts
real. These internal tables referred to and tabulated the invoices issued by
Shida to YZY including details of invoice numbers, dates and amounts. The
first was sent on 16 October 2017, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

1 AB 203-227 (Chinese) / 1 AB 228-252 (English translation).

more than two years before these proceedings commenced. Shida matched these
internal tables with the information set out in Shida’s invoices with the use
of demonstrative exhibits put to YZY’s witnesses at trial. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Exhibits “P2”, “P3” and “P4”.

There were some differences but these were convincingly explained by Shida’s
counsel. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s Closing submissions para 53(a)(iii), 53(b)iii) and 53(c)(iii).

72 That these tables were prepared and sent contemporaneously by Mr Hou is
highly significant. Even if, as Mdm Gu claimed, the Shida invoices themselves
were not sent by Mr Hou to her (and he said they were), 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript (7 September 2021) p 27, ln 5-21.

the tables establish that Shida had raised the invoices to YZY and YZY acted
on them, including to make payments to Shida.

73 Taking a step back and considering the matter as a whole, there are three
further points that weigh in favour of Shida’s case. Indeed, these three
points taken together raise doubt concerning whether Mdm Gu has defended these
proceedings in good faith. The first is that if YY were the true contracting
party with Shida then one would expect there to be some positive evidence of
this fact within the knowledge and control of YZY. For example, there would be
some documents recording the arrangements between YY and YZY, even if only in
ledgers and accounts of YZY. No such documents were ever produced by YZY.

74 Secondly, Mdm Gu called Mr Liu Meiliang on 28 April 2021 and in that call
spoke of YZY having done business with Shida and not previously owing money to
Shida, as well as saying that YZY would pay the money it owed to Shida. The
conversation was recorded and transcribed. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

1AB 143 to 148.

The recording was played during the hearing. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript (14 September 2021) pp 62-75.

It appears that in a candid moment Mdm Gu accepted that YZY had a contractual
relationship with Shida.

75 Thirdly, assuming that it was indeed YY that contracted with Shida, Mdm Gu
accepted that YZY had previously paid Shida on YY’s behalf from the monies YZY
received from NTUC Fairprice and Kian Seng, again on YY’s behalf. Thus, even
on her version of the relationships, there was a single pool of money that
YZY, and not YY, controlled. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript (14 September 2021) p 46, ln 5-14.

Mdm Gu was unable to explain why she did not continue to use those monies
generated from supply of apples by Shida to pay Shida. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript (10 September 2021) p 48, ln 5-21.

Instead, she paid out large sums of money to purchase a house for her daughter
Ms Yini and to the subsidiary of YZY that she had set up in the USA (where she
had relocated). 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript (10 September 2021) p 55, ln 17 to p 56, ln 3.

This suggests that Mdm Gu has made a pretence of not understanding that YZY
owes Shida for the supply of apples in order to divert the money for her own
purposes.

76 I find that the purchasing agreements, the invoices and the bills of lading
were authentic documents, which showed that Shida had entered into binding
contracts with YZY for for the 2016/2017 and 2017/2018 supply cycles.

Conclusion on Issue 1

77 I conclude that the contractual relationship was indeed between Shida and
YZY.

Issue 2: Were there Excess Payments and if so how much were they?

78 I turn to the Excess Payments. Again, it is striking that YZY did not run a
positive case on how much was owed. One would expect a trader to maintain
running accounts. Indeed, that is what Mr Hou did in the spreadsheets that he
shared with Mdm Gu and Ms Yini. Mdm Gu did not produce or point to any
alternative tabulation.

79 YZY has contended that if the agreement is held to be between YZY and
Shida, then the unit price of US$24 per carton stated in the 2018 purchasing
agreement should apply, instead of the unit price of US$30.50 stated in the
invoices. I do not agree with this contention. I accept that there may be some
fluctuations in price depending on the market and the grade and quality of the
apples. Moreover, after apples are harvested in October and November (which is
the season in China) they are then stored for periodic supply during the
remainder of the annual supply cycle.

80 The one constant is that regardless of the price paid to Shida, YZY was
able to charge a higher price to NTUC Fairprice and Kian Seng and earn a
reasonable profit margin. YZY increased its own prices to NTUC Fairprice from
US$35.80 per carton to US$37.80 per carton within the 2018/2019 supply cycle.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript (14 September 2021) pp 10-14.

81 YZY also claimed that Kian Seng had paid more than the sum of US$473,180 on
behalf of YZY to Shida, namely the larger amount of US$1,052,028. This
assertion of a higher payment amount was not supported by evidence and was
denied by Mr Quek of Kian Seng. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript (8 September 2021) p 73, ln 8-13.

I reject this claim.

82 I do not accept that there were Excess Payments. Shida is entitled to be
paid US$1,572,142 as the sum outstanding for its supply of apples.

Issue 3: Did Mr Hou breach his duties to YZY, and if so what is his liability
to YZY?

83 YZY has alleged that Mr Hou breached his fiduciary duty to YZY by causing
YZY to make excess payments to Shida, in return for which he received various
benefits, namely RMB3,410,000 from Ms Liu Panhua in June 2017 and RMB4,000,000
(paid to Ms Tan Lin Lin) from Ms Liu Panhua in August 2017. Originally, a
third benefit was pleaded, namely the transfer of RMB1,000,000 from Mr Liu
Meiliang to him, but this was not pursued in closing.

84 The first difficulty with these allegations is that there were no Excess
Payments. At most it can be said that Mr Hou tried to help Shida to obtain
what was rightfully due to it from YZY. But that is not a breach of duty to
YZY. In fact, it would be a breach of duty to a company for its director to
cause it not to pay its debts and instead embroil it in costly litigation. The
interests of a company are served by proper management of both payables and
receivables.

85 The second difficulty is that YZY has not produced evidence indicating that
these so-called benefits derived from Mr Hou’s directorship of YZY.

86 In relation to the first payment of RMB3,410,000, I accept Mr Hou’s
evidence that he helped Shida procure smaller apples and that after the first
delivery Shida was not satisfied with the quality of the apples and the
arrangement came to an end. Mr Hou’s account statements show that while he
received RMB 3,410,000 on 19 June 2017, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

1AB 169.

he returned RMB3,200,000 on 11 August 2017. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

1AB 181 – 182.

87 In relation to the second payment of RMB4,000,000 to Ms Tan Lin Lin, there
is no evidence connecting it to Mr Hou. Mr Hou denied that it had anything to
do with him, YZY or Shida. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript (3 September 2021) p 54, ln 17-22; Transcript (7 September 2021) p
71, ln 21 to p 72, ln 13;

88 I turn to YZY’s separate allegation that Mr Hou breached his fiduciary duty
to YZY by entering into the storage agreement with Zhen Hao. There is no merit
to this allegation. I accept Mr Hou’s evidence that he did so to try to
maintain the supply of apples to NTUC Fairprice when Shida stopped supply
because of non-payment. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript (3 September 2021) pp 59-60.

He was acting in the interests of YZY.

89 As for the allegation that Mr Hou instigated Shida to commence this action,
it is without merit. Shida was an unpaid supplier and commenced this action
for good commercial reasons.

Issue 4: Is Shida liable to YZY for any breaches of duty on the part of Mr
Hou, whether as a secondary party or as a co-conspirator?

90 As I have found that Mr Hou did not breach his duty to YZY, there was no
breach of duty for Shida to abet, nor was there any conspiracy between Shida
and Mr Hou.

Conclusion

91 YZY’s case has not been supported by any cogent evidence. It is largely the
supposition and conjecture of a suspicious mind. Mdm Gu has been boxing at
shadows.

92 I give judgment for Shida in the sum of US$1,572,142. I award interest
thereon at the rate of 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ until the
date of this judgment. I dismiss YZY’s counterclaims. I will hear parties on
costs.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Yeo Teng Yung Christopher and Charmaine Elizabeth Ong Wan Qi (Legal Solutions
LLC) for the plaintiff and first defendant in counterclaim;

Aw Wen Ni and Tan Kia Hua (Chen Jiahua) (WongPartnership LLP) for the
defendant and plaintiff in counterclaim;

Ng Khai Lee and Lee Shu Xian (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the second
defendant in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Mar 2022 (12:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

