Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGCA 48

Civil Appeal No 66 of 2021

Between

| Dr Goh Seng Heng  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Wang Xiaopu  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HC/Suit No 686 of 2015

Between

| Wang Xiaopu  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Dr Goh Seng Heng  
---|---  
(2)| Dr Goh Ming Li Michelle  
  
… Defendants

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Contempt of Court — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Goh Seng Heng

  
v

  

Wang Xiaopu

[2022] SGCA 48

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 66 of 2021  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, Judith Prakash JCA and Steven Chong JCA  
27 June 2022

27 June 2022

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 CA/CA 66/2021 is the appellant’s appeal against the decision of the Judge of
the General Division of the High Court (the “Judge”) in HC/SUM 5041/2020,
which was the respondent’s application for an order of committal against the
appellant. The appellant had been ordered, in HC/ORC 3219/2020 (“ORC 3219”),
to account for funds which had been paid into a specific account in China (the
“Account”). In his decision in Wang Xiaopu v Goh Seng Heng and another [2021]
SGHC 282 (the “Judgment”), the Judge found that the appellant had
intentionally withheld information from the respondent in breach of ORC 3219,
and had aggravated this contempt by lying that he could not recall the
information. The Judge therefore imposed a sentence of seven days’
imprisonment on the appellant.

2 In the present appeal, the appellant does not dispute the Judge’s decision
that he is guilty of contempt. The sole issue in question is whether the Judge
erred in handing down the sentence he did. The appellant contends that the
appropriate sentence is a fine of $25,000–$30,000.

3 In connection with this, the appellant makes the following arguments:

(a) First, the Judge erred in failing to take into account the appellant’s
best efforts to comply with ORC 3219;

(b) Second, the Judge erred in failing to take into account the context in
which the appellant had said he was “unable to recall”;

(c) Third, there are a number of mitigating factors in the appellant’s favour;
and

(d) Fourth, a sentence of imprisonment is not in keeping with precedents in
this area of law.

4 In our view, the appellant has not made out any of these arguments. We
therefore dismiss the appeal.

The appellant’s best efforts

5 The appellant’s first argument is that the Judge failed to consider his
efforts to comply with ORC 3219. To consider the validity of this argument, we
shall recount briefly the history of the appellant’s responses to ORC 3219.

6 First, in response to a query from the respondent’s counsel, the appellant
filed an affidavit on 20 July 2020 (the “July 2020 Affidavit”). In this
affidavit, the appellant stated in respect of the Account that:

The account has been closed for several years. As I am unable to recall and I
do not anymore have in my possession any physical records of past bank
statements of the account, I have written to the bank to help in tracing my
past statements. …

7 On 27 August 2020, the respondent’s counsel learned from the Official
Assignee’s office that the appellant had instead informed the Official
Assignee that all the money in the Account had been “used to pay for [his]
business obligations, debts and investment losses [he] incurred in China”. The
appellant had been declared bankrupt in March 2020. The respondent’s counsel
therefore sought clarification from the appellant as to what had happened to
the money in the Account. In response, the appellant filed a second affidavit
on 28 August 2020 (the “August 2020 Affidavit”), stating that:

I cannot remember nor recall. It has been too many years ago and I have since
retired from active professional and corporate life, being over 65 and
diabetic with poor and failing memory.

8 There followed further attempts by the respondent’s counsel to obtain
information from the appellant, and continued assertions by the appellant that
he had forgotten. In one such assertion, on 22 September 2020, he claimed that
the sums in question had been “expended to Chinese businessmen whom [he] owed
financial obligations”, though he still could not recall the details.

9 Thereafter, in bankruptcy examination proceedings in April 2021, the
respondent said – for the first time – that he had a gambling habit, and that
he had lost the entirety of the funds in the Account through gambling in
Macau. The “Chinese businessmen” he said he had owed financial obligations to
were supposedly casino junkets instead.

10 With this context in mind, we can now evaluate the appellant’s arguments as
to his best efforts. The first limb of his argument is that he had proactively
responded to the respondent’s counsel’s queries. However, as the Judge noted,
there were in fact numerous instances where the appellant failed to display
any initiative, or in fact gave disingenuous answers to the respondent (see
the Judgment at [33]–[38]). In particular, the Judge took a very different
view of what the appellant seeks now to characterise as “proactive” responses
to the respondent’s counsel: the Judge considered that the appellant acted
with so little urgency that the respondent “had to send six reminders to [the
appellant]”, with “nothing meaningful” forthcoming (see the Judgment at [38]).
Indeed, while the appellant did file the July 2020 and August 2020 affidavits
in response to the respondent’s queries, these affidavits stated that he was
“unable to recall” and disclosed little of help to the respondent in relation
to the Account.

11 Second, we do not accept the appellant’s arguments that he had, through his
email of 22 September 2020, clarified the situation by explaining that he had
expended the funds in the Account “to Chinese businessmen whom [he] owed
financial obligations”. His later evidence in April 2021 and at the committal
proceedings was that the funds in the Account had in fact been spent gambling
in Macau. Although the two statements are not strictly speaking inconsistent,
the fact remains that there is a plain disingenuousness between them. If the
funds in the Account had indeed been spent gambling in Macau, then the
response involving Chinese businessmen would have been of little use to the
respondent, and would have been liable to send the respondent on a wild goose
chase searching for these supposed Chinese businessmen rather than Macanese
casinos. Indeed, in a response by the respondent’s counsel dated 24 September
2020, the respondent sought to enquire as to the identities of the Chinese
businessmen.

12 Finally, the appellant also argues that he has taken numerous steps to
retrieve documents to enable him to provide accounts. We note that the Judge
did consider these actions, though he ultimately deemed them not to have
purged the appellant’s contempt (see the Judgment at [40]).

13 In the circumstances, it cannot be said that the Judge had erred in failing
to consider the appellant’s best efforts: the Judge did consider them, and if
he did not do so in the glowing terms in which the appellant now seeks to
portray them, that is only because those glowing terms are unfounded in fact.

The appellant’s statements that he was “unable to recall”

14 The second main argument which the appellant mounts is that the Judge erred
in failing to appreciate the context of his statement that he was “unable to
recall”. In particular, he focuses on the statement given in his July 2020
affidavit concerning the Account (see [6] above). He submits that the proper
interpretation of this statement is that he was not stating that he did not
recall the general event of having spent the money in the Account; rather, he
was unable to recall the details of his spending.

15 This interpretation, however, is undermined by his August 2020 affidavit.
In that affidavit, he once again avowed that he “cannot remember nor recall”,
despite having – just the day before – informed the Official Assignee that he
had used the funds in the Account to pay off obligations, debts and investment
losses in China.

16 Even if the benefit of the doubt were once again to be extended to the
appellant in respect of the August 2020 affidavit, in that he should be
understood to have meant that he could not recall the details, the Judge’s
point remains: why did he not at least tell them about the broad strokes of
his losses, whether to Chinese ventures or gambling in Macau? That he found
the respondent’s counsel to be “adversarial” was, as the Judge put it, “not a
legitimate defence” (see the Judgment at [27]). In our view, the Judge did not
err in dismissing this as irrelevant. In an account, all information should be
given, even if incomplete; as the Judge aptly put it, “it is antithetical to
the accounting process to allow the obligor to pick and choose how and when he
or she wishes to comply” (see the Judgment at [27]).

17 Indeed, when placing the statements of the July 2020 and August 2020
affidavits in the overall context of the appellant’s non-compliance, it is
plain that the Judge was entitled to conclude, as he did, that those
statements were clear lies. The appellant’s story, as disclosed on the
documents, evolved from an inability to recall, to having spent the money in
the Account paying off Chinese debts, to actually having spent the money in
the Account gambling in Macau. Two things are worthy of note here. The first
is that – as the Judge found – the appellant has yet to purge his contempt:
notably, he has not furnished evidence showing that he had in fact lost the
money in the Account gambling, or that he was indeed someone with such a habit
that it was feasible for him to so lose the money in the Account (see the
Judgment at [40]). The second is that, from the grant of ORC 3219 in June
2020, it took the appellant ten months (up to the examination proceedings in
April 2021) to present this incomplete picture to the respondent. We hold that
the Judge was entitled to find, given this history of vagueness and non-
compliance, that the respondent had in his July 2020 and August 2020
affidavits deliberately given the impression that he was “unable to recall”
what happened to the funds in the Account and so lied. The Judge did not err
by failing to appreciate the context of the appellant’s statements.

Mitigating factors

18 The appellant also raises a series of mitigating factors, none of which is
persuasive.

19 First, he states that this contempt is his first offence. However, it is
trite that while the presence of relevant antecedents is aggravating, a lack
of such antecedents is of no mitigating value.

20 Second, he submits that he had breached only one order of court, namely ORC
3219. However, it is difficult to see how this is in any way a mitigating
circumstance. What matters in the present case is that ORC 3219 was
persistently breached. The appellant did not avail himself of the numerous
opportunities available to him to come clean. Further, as the Judge found, the
contempt was deliberate and has not been purged (see the Judgment at [40] and
[42]).

21 Third, he states that he had not missed any court hearings in respect of
ORC 3219 and that he had always appeared in court when required, whether by
himself or through counsel. Court attendance is an obligation, and the fact
that a litigant shows up in court should not in any way discount the severity
of any other disobedience of the court’s orders on his part.

22 Fourth, the appellant states that he was not legally represented at the
time he prepared the July 2020 and August 2020 affidavits. The respondent
argues that this is untrue, in so far as the July 2020 affidavit is concerned:
the appellant’s legal team only discharged itself on 12 August 2020.
Nonetheless, even if the appellant had indeed ceased consulting his legal team
even for the July 2020 affidavit, we do not see how this would be relevant.
This was not a case of a confused and inexperienced litigant failing to
comprehend a complicated court order, resulting in inadvertent disobedience.
Rather, as the Judge found, the appellant had deliberately lied in the face of
a direct order of court (see the Judgment at [42]).

23 Fifth, the appellant suggests that the delay in his response to the
respondent was due to delays on the bank’s end in relaying information on the
Account to him. However, as the respondent rightly points out, the issue at
the heart of the appellant’s contempt was his failure to disclose all the
information available to him at the earliest possible time. Notwithstanding
his inability to access the details of the Account, his version of events as
to the gambling was only revealed much later, and he can blame no one but
himself for that.

Precedents

24 Finally, the appellant cites three precedents to suggest that his
punishment of seven days’ imprisonment is excessive: Ho Seow Wan v Ho Poey Wee
and others [2015] SGHC 304 (“Ho Seow Wan”); Shanghai Afute Food and Beverage
Management Co Ltd v Tan Swee Meng and another [2021] SGHC 149 (“Shanghai
Afute”); and Rohrlach, Nicholas Robert Adam v Qantas Airways Ltd and another
[2021] SGHC 281 (“Rohrlach”). The appellant argues that these cases indicate
that a fine of $25,000–$30,000 would be sufficient. However, the appellant has
not explained the relevance of these precedents.

25 Ho Seow Wan involved two contemnors’ breach of a court order regarding the
affairs of a company. The contemnors were fined $25,000 and $20,000
respectively. The court found to be aggravating factors the fact that the
contemnors had deliberately breached the court order, and the fact that as
directors of the company a higher standard of care had to be expected from
them. However, this was weighed against the “strong” mitigating factors that
the breaches had been committed to ensure that the company’s business could
continue expediently, and that the plaintiff had been using the court order as
a means to “get back” at the defendants (at [12]–[16]).

26 Shanghai Afute concerned a contemnor’s breach of an injunction restraining
him from using various confidential recipes. The court weighed the contemnor’s
apparent attempts at moving away from the recipes against the prejudice caused
to the plaintiff and the deliberation shown by the contemnor in moving away
from the confidential recipes only gradually. Ultimately, it considered that
imprisonment was unnecessary, and imposed only a fine of $30,000 (at [45]).

27 Rohrlach involved a contemnor’s breaches of an injunction restraining him
from involving himself in the business of a company. The court found that the
contemnor had acted deliberately, without external pressure or influence, and
with high culpability. However, it was not clear what prejudice had been
occasioned to the plaintiff. In the circumstances, the court imposed a fine of
$25,000.

28 The present case is distinguishable from these cases. As the Judge found,
the most prominent factors in relation to the sentence to be imposed on the
appellant were the prejudice to the respondent and the protracted and cynical
manner of the appellant’s contempt (see the Judgment at [42]). This elevates
the seriousness of the conduct in the present case above that in Rohrlach,
where no prejudice had been occasioned to the plaintiff; and above that in Ho
Seow Wan and Shanghai Afute, where the contempt, while deliberate, had not
been as aggravated, and had in any event been tempered by mitigating factors.
Further, as the respondent points out, a mere fine would not have a punitive
impact on the appellant, who is already bankrupt. We therefore hold that the
term of seven days’ imprisonment is not manifestly excessive.

Conclusion

29 We dismiss this appeal against sentence. The appellant has not shown any
error in the Judge’s reasoning, and has not raised any valid mitigating
factors at all.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal| Judith Prakash  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
  
Chu Hua Yi, Goh Jia Jie and Tan Jinwen Mark (FC Legal Asia LLC) for the
appellant;

Jimmy Yim Wing Kuen SC, Lee Soong Yan Kevin, Dierdre Grace Morgan and Chloe
Shobhana Ajit (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Jun 2022 (12:20 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

