Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 4

Suit No 1140 of 2018 (Summons No 5465 of 2021)

Between

(1)| Yong Khong Yoong Mark  
---|---  
(2)| Emily Hwang Mei Chen  
(3)| Medivice Investment Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Ting Choon Meng  
---|---  
(2)| Chua Ngak Hwee  
  
… Defendants

ORAL JUDGMENT

[Civil Procedure — Costs — Principles]

[Civil Procedure — Costs — Taxation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yong Khong Yoong Mark and others

  
v

  

Ting Choon Meng and another

[2022] SGHC 4

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1140 of 2018 (Summons No 5465 of
2021)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
12 January 2022

12 January 2022

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 In my judgment on 29 October 2021, I ordered that “[t]he plaintiffs [were]
to pay costs to the defendants, to be taxed if not agreed” (Yong Khong Yoong
Mark and others v Ting Choon Meng and another [2021] SGHC 246 (“the Judgment”)
at [325]).

2 The defendants filed Summons No 5465 of 2021 on 25 November 2021, seeking: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions, HC/SUM 5465/2021 (“DWS”), p 3 at para 1.

(a) the award of a certificate pursuant to Order 59 rule 19 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) certifying that costs for getting up
the case by and for attendance in court of more than two solicitors (“a
Certificate of Three Counsel”) be allowed;

(b) in the alternative, that the award of a certificate pursuant to O 59 r 19
of the ROC certifying that costs for the attendance and get up of two
solicitors be allowed (“a Certificate of Two Counsel”);

(c) that the court fixes costs in lieu of taxation;

(d) that costs be awarded on an indemnity basis; and

(e) that costs of this application be paid by the plaintiffs to the
defendants.

My decision

Certificate of Three Counsel

3 At the hearing on 29 October 2021, I read out the extracts of my judgment to
explain briefly the reasons for dismissing the plaintiffs’ case. I further
ordered the plaintiffs to pay costs to be agreed or taxed if the parties are
unable to agree. Immediately thereafter, the defendants made an oral
application for the costs of two solicitors. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions, HC/SUM 5465/2021 (“PWS”), p 4 at para 9(c).

I informed parties to resolve this issue failing which to refer this matter to
me for determination. The plaintiffs appealed against my judgment. The
defendants did not appeal against the costs order but took out this
application, seeking prayers as stated above (see [2]).

4 I shall now consider the defendants’ application for a Certificate of Three
Counsel.

5 Order 59 r 19(1) of the ROC provides that “the costs for getting up the case
by and for attendance in Court of more than 2 solicitors for a party shall not
be allowed unless the Court so certifies”. Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol
1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) (“White Book”) states the
applicable test at para 59/19/2:

Whether the court would allow a certificate for more than two counsel depends
on whether the services of more than two counsel are reasonably necessary for
the adequate presentation of the case … Such exceptional circumstances would
include cases which involve a high degree of complexity of facts and/or law,
or where there are many issues of both fact and law and trial is lengthy.

[emphasis added]

6 Paragraph 1(2) of Appendix 1 to O 59 of the ROC further sets out the
following factors to be considered when determining whether the use of more
than two solicitors is reasonable (see Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata
Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another
appeal [2009] 4 SLR(R) 155 at [36]):

(a) the complexity of the item or of the cause or matter in which it arises
and the difficulty or novelty of the questions involved;

(b) the skill, specialised knowledge and responsibility required of, and the
time and labour expended by, the solicitor;

(c) the number and importance of the documents (however brief) prepared or
perused;

(d) the place and circumstances in which the business involved is transacted;

(e) the urgency and importance of the cause or matter to the client; and

(f) where money or property is involved, its amount or value.

7 Having regard to the above factors and all the facts and circumstances of
the present case, I find that there are no exceptional circumstances which
warrant the grant of a Certificate of Three Counsel for the following reasons:

(a) While the trial took more than 19 days (inclusive of closing submissions),
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PWS, p 2 at para 6.

the present case is not of such exceptional length and complexity as to
warrant the use of more than two solicitors. This hearing is a far cry from
the 82-day hearing in Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and
others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third parties) [2011] 1 SLR 582
(“Raffles Town Club”), which was one of the longest civil trials in Singapore
(Raffles Town Club at [41]). Raffles Town Club also involved complex issues.
In those circumstances, Chan Seng Onn J found at [41] that the use of more
than two solicitors was reasonably necessary for the adequate preparation and
presentation of the case and granted a Certificate of Three Counsel.

(b) In a similar vein, the fact that there were more than 31 volumes of
documents does not mean that the case was of such exceptional complexity as to
warrant a Certificate of Three Counsel, especially when compared to the 300
volumes of bundles of documents in Raffles Town Club (see Raffles Town Club at
[41]).

(c) I find that the facts of the present case are closer to that in Parakou
Shipping Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Liu Cheng Chan and others [2017] SGHC 91
(“Parakou”), which took 14.5 days of trial and had 19 volumes of documents
totalling 12,171 pages. Chua Lee Ming J found that the case, “although
complex, was not of such a high degree of complexity as to warrant a
certificate for costs for three solicitors” (Parakou at [15]).

(d) Further, the factual and legal issues in this present case were not so
complex as to justify a Certificate of Three Counsel. I further note that
there was significant overlap in the authorities referred to by both the
plaintiffs and the defendants in their closing submissions. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PWS, pp 8-9 at para 21.

There was no real dispute on the law, and the dispute was confined within the
four walls of established authorities on misrepresentation and unlawful means
conspiracy in Singapore. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PWS, p 8 at para 20.

(e) The quantum of the plaintiffs’ claim, at S$5 million, is also not so
exceptionally large as to warrant a Certificate of Three Counsel.

8 Accordingly, I decline to grant a Certificate of Three Counsel as requested
by the defendants.

Certificate of Two Counsel

9 The defendants have argued, in the alternative, for an award of a
certificate pursuant to O 59 r 19 of the ROC certifying that costs for the
attendance and get up of two solicitors be allowed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DWS, p 3 at para 1.

For the same reasons that I dismiss the application for a Certificate of Three
Counsel, I am of the view that it is not reasonable to warrant a certificate
for two solicitors as the facts and issues in this case of fraudulent
misrepresentation and conspiracy to defraud are not extraordinary. Hence, I
dismiss the defendants’ application for a Certificate of Two Counsel.

Costs on the indemnity basis

10 Order 59 r 27(4) of the ROC provides that “[w]here the Court makes an order
for costs without indicating the basis of taxation or an order that costs be
taxed on any basis other than the standard basis or the indemnity basis, the
costs shall be taxed on the standard basis” [emphasis added]. Since I already
ordered on 29 October 2021 for costs “to be taxed if not agreed” (at [325] of
the Judgment), the costs should be taxed on the standard basis. There are no
special or exceptional reasons for the court to award costs against the
plaintiffs on an indemnity basis.

11 It is trite that the court will only award costs on the indemnity basis in
exceptional circumstances (White Book at para 59/27/4). As Chan Seng Onn J
observed in Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd v PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd
[2016] 5 SLR 103 (“Airtrust”) at [17], “an order of costs on the indemnity
basis is the exception rather than the norm and requires justification”.
Exceptional circumstances may exist where a party’s conduct reflects a “high
degree of unreasonableness” and is not “merely … wrong or misguided in
hindsight… the extent of a party’s dishonest and unscrupulous intentions and
actions, where present, will be relevant factors for the court to take into
account” (Airtrust at [50]).

12 The defendants have asserted, inter alia, that (a) the plaintiffs had
advanced a case that they knew was completely baseless; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DWS, p 34 at para 72.

(b) the plaintiffs and their witnesses took inconsistent positions and were
untruthful during the trial; 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DWS, pp 35-42 at paras 76-82.

and (c) the plaintiffs made disparaging allegations against the defendants’
character. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DWS, pp 42-44 at paras 83-88.

13 I do not think that there are exceptional circumstances which warrant an
order for indemnity costs, ie, that the plaintiffs’ conduct rose to such a
level of unreasonableness which would warrant such an order. In GTMS
Construction Pte Ltd v Ser Kim Koi (Chan Sau Yan (formerly trading as Chan Sau
Yan Associates) and another, third parties [2021] SGHC 33 (“GTMS
Construction”), I ordered that the defendant pay the plaintiff costs on an
indemnity basis. In that case, the defendant had made serious allegations of
fraud against the plaintiff for which he was unable to provide any shred of
evidence in support (GTMS Construction at [16]). The defendant in that case
had made highly unreasonable and exaggerated claims against the plaintiff and
the first third party, and had, during trial, raised new evidence and new
allegations that had not been set out in his pleadings or AEICs (GTMS
Construction at [18]).

14 In this case, while the plaintiffs amended their pleadings on two
occasions, this was prior to the start of the trial. Further, I do not think
that the conduct of the plaintiffs before or during the trial constitutes an
abuse of process, or belies an intention to advance an action in bad faith or
one that is “clearly without basis” (Airtrust at [23]). The plaintiffs’
conduct did not reach a level of unreasonableness that could be considered as
exceptional circumstances which warrant an order for indemnity costs.

15 I, therefore, dismiss the defendants’ application for costs on the
indemnity basis.

Conclusion

16 For the above reasons I dismiss Summons No 5465 of 2021.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Nair Suresh Sukumaran and Bhatt Chantik Jayesh (PK Wong & Nair LLC) for the
plaintiffs;

Khan Nazim, Kuan Chu Ching and Kunal Haresh Mirpuri (UniLegal LLC) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Jan 2022 (13:23 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

