Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE HIGH COURT

OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2022] SGHC 268

Companies Winding Up No 86 of 2019 (Summons No 1497 of 2022)

| In the Matter of the Section 253(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50)AndIn the
Matter of Midas Holdings Limited  
---|---  
  
Between

| Xu Wei Dong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Midas Holdings Limited  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Brief remarks

[Insolvency Law — Administration of insolvent estates]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Xu Wei Dong

  
v

  

Midas Holdings Ltd

[2022] SGHC 268

General Division of the High Court — Companies Winding Up No 86 of 2019
(Summons No 1497 of 2022)  
Aedit Abdullah J  
22 August 2022

31 October 2022 Judgment reserved

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These are brief remarks, conveying my decision, which I will add to, if
needed. Having considered the submissions and evidence, I am satisfied that
the order sought by the liquidator of Midas Holding Ltd (in liquidation) (the
“Company”), Mr Yit Chee Wah (the “Liquidator”), should be granted, namely, an
order under s 285 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) that the
documents relating to audits carried out by Mazars LLP (“Mazars SG”) and
Mazars CPA Limited (“Mazars HK”) on the Company for the financial years
(“FYs”) ended 2012 to 2017 be disclosed (the “Documents”).

2 The application is brought by the Liquidator against Mazars SG and Mazars HK
(collectively, the “Auditors”). Separate but largely aligned submissions were
made by the Auditors.

Brief background

3 The Company is incorporated in Singapore and was formerly listed on the
Singapore Stock Exchange, with a secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. It operates as a holding company of a group of companies (the “Midas
Group”), some of which are incorporated in Singapore and others in the
People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Yit Chee Wah’s affidavit dated 12 April 2022 (“YCW-1”) at paras 7 to 10.

4 The Auditors are accounting and professional services firms. Mazars SG was
appointed as the external auditor of the Company (and its respective
Singapore-incorporated subsidiaries) on 26 November 2012 and remained so until
the end of FY 2017. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

YCW-1 at para 12.

For the FY 2012 to FY 2016, Mazars SG issued auditors’ reports with
unqualified opinions (“Audit Reports”). These audits were prepared with the
assistance of Mazars HK, which performed the role of “component auditors” and
audited the subsidiaries of the Midas Group incorporated in the PRC. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ming Chiu Or’s affidavit dated 15 August 2022 (“MCO-1”) at para 13; see also
Chan Hock Leong, Rick’s affidavit dated 14 July 2022 (“CHL-1”) at para 6.

5 Sometime in February 2018, the Company instructed Mazars SG to stop work on
the audit for FY 2017. Mazars HK had discovered certain potential
irregularities relating to the bank accounts of the subsidiaries incorporated
in the PRC and informed the Company. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CHL-1 at para 6.

Further investigations into these irregularities were carried out. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

MCO-1 at para 20.

On 26 April 2018, Mazars SG informed the Company that the Audit Reports could
not be relied on due to certain discrepancies uncovered. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

YCW-1 at paras 16 and 17; MCO-1 at para 20.

6 Since then, there were various correspondences between Mazars SG and Mazars
HK with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore
(“ACRA”) and the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong (“SFC”)
respectively. No action as of the date of the hearing has been taken by ACRA
or SFC against the Auditors. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

YCW-1 at paras 23 to 37; see also MCO-1 at paras 21 and 22.

7 Subsequently, on 24 June 2019, the Company was placed under liquidation. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

YCW-1 at para 38.

Various requests were made of the Auditors to provide the Documents. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

YCW-1 at paras 42 to 48.

Mazars SG provided some documents to the Liquidator but resisted production of
the remaining documents. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CHL-1 at para 8.

Mazars HK similarly resisted production of the documents. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

MCO-1 at para 27; YCW-1 at paras 49 and 50.

8 On 20 December 2021, the Liquidator instructed the Company’s solicitors to
file a Writ of Summons in HC/S 1036/2021 (“Suit 1036”) against the Auditors.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of Yit Chee Wah dated 11 August 2022 (“YCW-2”) at para 31.

In around January 2022, the Liquidator also obtained court approval for a
funding arrangement with a third-party commercial litigation funder. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

YCW-1 at para 51.

Brief summary of parties’ cases

The Liquidator’s case

9 The Liquidator argues that the two-stage test outlined by the Court of
Appeal in PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and others v Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation) [2015] 3 SLR 665 (“Celestial (CA)”) in respect of s
285 of the CA (described at [20] below) is fulfilled. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Liquidator’s written submissions dated 15 August 2022 (“LWS”) at paras 49 to
58.

Emphasis was placed on the second stage of the test in Celestial (CA). In
particular, the Liquidator argues that a writ having been filed against the
Auditors does not bar the grant of the application, and that the present
application is neither oppressive nor an abuse of process. The Liquidator
further contends that PRC law does not prohibit the Auditors from disclosing
the Documents. Four points are made. One, PRC law does not apply to the
Documents; two, the Documents are unlikely to contain any Chinese state
secrets; three, the Auditors are not restricted by PRC law from disclosing the
Documents; and four, the Auditors may have overstated the penalties that may
be imposed if the Documents are disclosed. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

LWS at paras 105 to 153.

10 Additionally, with respect to Mazars HK, the Liquidator argues that s 285
of the CA has extra-territorial effect, that is, it may be exercised against a
party based outside of Singapore. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

LWS at para 61.

The Liquidator highlights that the court in In the Matter of the Companies Act
Chapter 50 And In the Matter of Thye Nam Loong (Singapore) Pte Ltd (RC no
196500242G) [1998] SGHC 27 (“Thye Nam Loong”) rejected the argument that s 285
is limited territorially. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

LWS at para 61.

The Liquidator also highlights that while the position under s 236 of the
Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (“IA”) (the English equivalent of s 285 of the
CA) is equivocal, the English courts have shown a willingness to move away
from the position that s 236 of the IA lacks extra-territorial effect in
acknowledgment of the modern commercial environment. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LWS at paras 62 to 65.

11 In oral submissions, the Liquidator highlighted that a low threshold is
involved in the first stage of the Celestial (CA) test, and that insufficient
documents have been provided to him to discharge his duties. As for the second
stage of the test, the Liquidator submitted that the Court should adopt his
proposed framework of analysis of PRC law, under which there would be no
prohibition on the disclosure of the Documents.

Mazars SG’s case

12 Mazars SG relies on three grounds to resist the application. First, the
Documents sought are not reasonably required. This is evidenced by the fact
that the Liquidator has already filed suit against the Auditors, and as such
does not require the Documents to decide whether to do so. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mazars SG’s written submissions dated 15 August 2022 (“Mazars SG”) at paras 34
to 39.

Explanations and documents have also been provided to the Liquidator to
account for the conduct of the audit, which the Liquidator has not shown are
inadequate for his purposes. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mazars SG at paras 40 to 49. Also see Mazars SG at paras 97 to 101.

Pertinently, the Liquidator has no basis for the view that Mazars SG was
responsible for failing to discover the discrepancies in the Company’s
accounts. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mazars SG at paras 50 to 90.

Even if the order is granted, Mazars SG does not possess all the documents
sought to enable the Liquidator to reconstruct the accounts. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mazars SG at paras 91 to 96.

13 Second, the grant of the application would be oppressive. Disclosure of the
Documents would expose Mazars SG to a real risk of criminal sanction under the
laws of the PRC. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mazars SG at paras 103 to 104.

The Documents may only be disclosed with the approval of the Ministry of
Finance of the PRC (“MOF”). Till date, no approval has been granted by the
MOF. Without such approval, Mazars SG would be in breach of PRC law. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mazars SG at para 105.

Finally, the scope of the orders is too wide and unnecessary. Many of the
categories of documents requested are also duplicative. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mazars SG at paras 145 to 159.

14 In oral submissions, Mazars SG reiterated that the laws of the PRC prohibit
the disclosure of the Documents. Additionally, its lawyers in the PRC have
informed it that the MOF has not provided the necessary sanctions. There is
thus a real risk of criminal penalties if the Documents are disclosed.

Mazars HK’s case

15 Mazars HK argues that s 285 of the CA does not possess extra-territorial
effect. The presumption against extra-territoriality operates in respect of s
285. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mazars HK’s written submissions dated 15 August 2022 (“Mazars HK”) at paras 38
to 47.

To find that it has extra-territorial effect would result in problems relating
to enforcement and international comity. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mazars HK at para 48.

Additionally, the weight of the English authorities regarding s 236 of the IA
(which s 285 of the CA bears similarity with) suggests that the provision
lacks extra-territorial effect. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mazars HK at para 50.

16 Even if s 285 has extra-territorial effect, the balance of interests comes
down against the grant of the application. Oppression is made out on the facts
for two reasons. First, Mazars HK conducted audits on the Company’s PRC
subsidiaries and generated working papers that have to be stored within the
PRC. They may not be removed without the approval of the MOF. To do so would
result in breach of PRC law and expose Mazars HK to the real risk of severe
sanctions. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mazars HK at paras 66(a) and 68 to 101.

Moreover, there are other means under PRC law to obtain the Documents. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mazars HK at paras 102 to 106.

Second, the application is an abuse of process. The Liquidator is not merely
conducting general investigations but is using the application to strengthen
his case against the Auditors. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mazars HK at paras 107 to 118.

17 In oral submissions, Mazars HK maintained that s 285 of the CA does not
have extra-territorial effect. Further, if s 285 of the CA has extra-
territorial effect, it should be exercised only when there is a sufficiently
strong connection between the subject of the order and Singapore. Mazars HK
does not have such a connection with Singapore. It is a third party with no
contractual relationship with the Company. The application is also an abuse of
process, as evidenced by the writ filed in Suit 1036 as well as the
liquidation funding obtained.

The issues

18 The application having been made under s 285 of the CA, the equivalent of
which is s 244 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020
Rev Ed), the issues to be determined are:

(a) Whether s 285 of the CA applies extra-territorially in respect of persons
and documents located abroad.

(b) Whether the orders sought under s 285 of the CA should be granted. In
particular, whether the grant of the orders would be oppressive, given the
filing of the writ in Suit 1036 and the information already available to the
Liquidator as well as the possible contravention of PRC law.

The requirements under s 285 of the Companies Act

19 Section 285(1) allows the court to summon a person to appear who may have
information relating to the affairs of a company, who may be examined under
oath under subsection (2), and who may be required under subsection (3) to
produce books and papers in his custody or power. In practice, often what is
desired is just the production of the books and papers, rather than an actual
examination of persons, as is the case presently.

20 The principles governing the exercise of the power under s 285 were laid
down in Celestial (CA) in a two-stage test: firstly, the establishment of a
reasonable basis for the belief that the examinee can assist in providing
information or documents, which are reasonably required (at [43(a)]); and
secondly, a balancing of the interests of the liquidation, namely the
liquidator’s discharge of his functions on one hand, and on the other that the
order is not unreasonable, unnecessary or oppressive (at [43(b)]).

Whether s 285 operates extra-territorially

21 I am satisfied that s 285 has extra-territorial effect, from the plain
words of the section as well as from consideration of its objective and the
application of local case law.

22 The Liquidator relies on both the local authority of Thye Nam Loong, and on
English cases interpreting ss 236(2) and 236(3) of the IA as well as s 25(1)
of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 (c 59) (UK) (“BA”) which reached the same
conclusion, that s 236 of the IA and s 258 of the CA have extra-territorial
effect. Mazars HK, on the other hand, argues against the Liquidator’s analysis
of the English authorities, and relies also on the general presumption against
extra-territoriality. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Mazars HK at paras 37 to 65.

The English position

23 Section 285 of the CA is phrased similarly to s 236 of the IA and s 25(1)
of the BA.

24 The starting point is In re Tucker (RC) (A bankrupt) [1990] 1 Ch 148 (“Re
Tucker”), which held that s 25(1) of the BA did not have extra-territorial
effect. Firstly, s 25 was concerned with the summoning of persons before an
English court to be examined on oath and to produce documents (at 158D). This
was not consonant with the general practice of international law and the
relevant English civil procedure rules (at 158D). Secondly, s 25(6) of the BA,
which gave the court a power to order an examination out of England of “any
person who if in England would be liable to be brought before [the English
court] under this section”, showed that a person not in England would not be
liable to be brought before the English court (at 158H).

25 Re Tucker was followed in In re MF Global UK Ltd (in special
administration) (No 7) [2016] 2 WLR 588 (“Re MF Global”) as well as In re
Akkurate Ltd (in liquidation) [2020] 3 WLR 1077 (“Re Akkurate”). In both
cases, the court held that s 236 of the IA lacked extra-territorial effect as
Re Tucker was binding, since s 236 (as well as s 237(3)) of the IA was
materially similar to s 25 of the BA. What is noteworthy is that in both
cases, there were statements that if not for binding authority, there was much
to be said for giving s 236 extra-territorial effect (at [53] of Re Akkurate
and [32] of Re MF Global).

26 On the other hand, in Official Receiver v Tristram Michael Norriss [2015]
EWHC 2697 (Ch) (“Norriss”), the court concluded that s 236 of the IA had
extra-territorial effect, as unlike s 25 of the BA, s 236 conferred a
freestanding power to order the production of documents (at [14]). On this
basis, the court in Norriss declined to follow Re Tucker. Similarly, the court
in In re Carna Meats (UK) Ltd [2020] 1 WLR 1176 (“Re Carna Meats”)
distinguished Re Tucker on the basis that it was primarily concerned with
enforcing the attendance of persons before the court (at [54(i)]), while the
applicant in Re Carna Meats only sought the production of documents (at
[54(iii)]. The presumption against extra-territoriality, a rule of
construction of English statutes, did not operate so strongly in such
situations.

The Singapore position

27 In Thye Nam Loong, the court considered Re Tucker, noting that while s 25
of the BA was similar to s 285 of the CA, it was not in pari materia and
declined to follow Re Tucker (at [22]). Additionally, the words “any person”
contained in s 285 were wide enough to extend to the examinee in that case,
who was resident in Malaysia (at [13]). The court was thus not prepared to
find that s 285 of the CA is limited territorially to Singapore (at [22]). The
extra-territorial effect of s 285 was also tacitly considered in BNY Corporate
Trustee Services Ltd v Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 331 (“Celestial
(HC)”). There, the liquidator’s application involved three individuals in the
PRC who were legal representatives of the company’s subsidiaries. These
persons did not appear at the hearing and the court granted the orders against
them (at [3]). However, the issue was not fully argued in Celestial (HC).

The determination of the issue

28 I am satisfied that the provision operates extra-territorially. While
reliance was placed on the English authorities indicating that s 236 of the IA
lacked such effect as well as the general presumption against extra-
territoriality, the better view is that the provision does allow orders to be
made in respect of overseas persons and documents.

29 Firstly, I have not been persuaded by the approach taken in the English
cases starting with Re Tucker that have found s 236 of the IA to lack extra-
territorial effect. Re Tucker is not persuasive. Section 25(6) of the BA was
taken in that case as lacking extra-territorial effect (at 158H). There is,
however, no equivalent of s 25(6) of the BA (or s 237(3) of the IA) in the CA.
Moreover, the judgment in Re Tucker was primarily concerned with the
difficulty of summoning a person abroad to appear before an English court to
be examined on oath. Such a concern would not arise to an application seeking
only the production of documents, as in the present case. Neither Re MF Global
nor Re Akkurate added more in terms of principle to the position against
extra-territorial effect; these cases were decided in the way they were due to
the doctrine of precedent. Both found themselves bound by Re Tucker. Re
Tucker, however, is not binding on this court. Both Re Akkurate and Re MF
Global, in fact, noted in obiter that in the absence of authority, which is
understood to be Re Tucker, there would be good reason s 236 to have extra-
territorial effect.

30 Secondly, the presumption against extra-territoriality is displaced. The
presumption against extra-territoriality was endorsed by the Court of Appeal
in JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 391
(“JIO Minerals”). Under the presumption, a statute is to only apply to
activities in Singapore if it is silent on its geographical scope. It may be
displaced if there is clear indication of Parliamentary intention that the
statute should apply extra-territorially. The intention need not be stated
expressly. On the face of it, the presumption of territoriality applies to s
285. It is silent on its geographical scope as compared to, for instance, s 37
of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed), which was cited in
JIO Minerals at [103] and which applies in respect of Singapore citizens
“outside as well as within Singapore”. It is, however, notable that the
language of s 285 does not restrict its operation in any way. Section 285 is
couched in sufficiently wide terms to cover a person or entity based in a
foreign jurisdiction.

31 The strength of the presumption is not immutable. As observed by Tay Yong
Kwang J in Huang Danmin v Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board
[2010] 3 SLR 1108 (“Huang Danmin”), it would be “more accurate to speak of
degrees of extra-territoriality than to think of extra-territoriality as a
discrete category” (at [20]). In determining the strength of the presumption,
this would depend on the extent to which the extra-territorial effect is
claimed (at [20]). A similar observation was made by the Court of Appeal in
Burgundy Global Exploration Corp v Transocean Offshore International Ventures
Ltd and another appeal [2014] 3 SLR 381 (“Burgundy Global”). In responding to
the observations of the House of Lords in Masri v Consolidated Contractors
International (UK) Ltd (No 4) [2010] 1 AC 90 that the presence of public
interest was an appropriate basis to determine which laws should have extra-
territorial effect, the Court of Appeal noted that while all penal statutes
implicate public interests, the “presumption against extra-territoriality
applies with particular force to criminal law” (at [91]). There are gradations
in the strength of the presumption, albeit that it should not be based on the
presence (or lack thereof) of public interest.

32 Here, the statute is said to operate extra-territorially because the
documents come from an entity based overseas, as observed at [19] above. This
is in contrast to an application for the attendance of a person abroad, as was
the case in Re Tucker. The distinction between the two types of orders was
noted in Re Carna Meats at [49], where it was noted that the presumption of
territoriality would presumably be stronger in respect of applications
requiring attendance before the court. The application here is also not made
in the context of criminal proceedings, where the presumption ought to apply
with extra force, as observed in Burgundy Global: the criminal law
jurisdiction of the court is after all the epitome of territorial power. The
strength of the presumption is thus not that strong.

33 In determining whether the presumption is rebutted, it is not enough to
show, as Mazars HK asserts, that there is nothing in the parliamentary
material to suggest that s 285 of the CA is to apply extra-territorially. As
observed in Burgundy Global, which was similarly concerned with the
presumption against extra-territoriality, the fact that “the rule-maker did
not consider whether a rule would apply in a particular situation (even though
the language of the rule might be wide enough to cover that situation) does
not, without more, supply a basis for excluding it from the ambit of the rule”
(at [90]). Instead, the “proper approach is to consider the object of the rule
and then decide whether its object would be promoted if it were interpreted to
cover the situation at hand” (at [90]). This is consistent with the approach
outlined at [102] of JIO Minerals.

34 The purpose of s 285 shows that it is meant to operate extra-territorially.
Section 285 serves a “wider purpose in enabling liquidators to get documents
and/or information for the purpose of determining the reasons for the
company’s demise”: Celestial (CA) at [34]. The Court of Appeal observed that
the scope of s 285 should be cast expansively, such that the power should be
“invoked to assist in the accumulation of facts, information and knowledge
that would enable or facilitate a liquidator to better discharge his statutory
function” (at [42]). Section 285 therefore is intended to assist the
liquidator in determining the events that led to a company’s demise and to
take steps to maximise returns to the company’s creditors (at [1] of Celestial
(CA)). That objective of s 285 of the CA would be served through extra-
territorial application. It is doubtful that in this day and age, where
commercial transactions are often international in nature, extra-
territoriality must be stated expressly in all contexts. Groups of companies
will span across borders, and listings, as is the case here, often involve
foreign businesses and entities. The global nature of commerce, the presence
of listed entities from overseas, and even data storage practices mean that
information is often located elsewhere. Limiting the operation of s 285 to
material and persons within the territory will hamper the proper operation of
liquidation, whereby a liquidator’s investigation into a company would be
easily thwarted by the person removing himself from the jurisdiction. It is
telling as well that in Re Akkurate, Sir Geoffrey Vos C acknowledged that
there were “compelling reasons for thinking that section 236 ought, in the
contemporary commercial environment, to have extraterritorial effect” (at
[52]). Similarly, in Re Carna Meats, Mr Adam Johnson QC (sitting as a deputy
High Court judge) noted that “[i]n the modern world of cross-border business
practices, it is natural to construe [s 236(3) of the IA] as extending to any
of the categories of person identified, whether within or outside the
jurisdiction” (at [54(iii)]).

35 The counterarguments against extra-territorial application, namely the need
for comity, and the requirements of enforcement, do not have any traction. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mazars HK at para 48.

In both Thye Nam Loong and Celestial (HC), orders with extra-territorial
effect were made, as elaborated at [27] above, without any apparent calamity.
Additionally, as noted by Tay J in Huang Danmin, there are “different degrees
of extra-territoriality and correspondingly varying degrees of problems with
enforcement and comity issues” (at [27]). Mazars HK compares the present
situation to that of Huang Danmin, where the mode of enforcement under the
relevant statute could be effected unilaterally. Huang Danmin, however, is not
an appropriate comparison. There, the issue was whether a penalty that was to
be imposed on the party who had infringed the statute may be imposed
effectively (at [27]). As for comity, Mazars HK highlights that s 285(5) of
the CA empowers the court to cause a person to be apprehended and brought
before the court for examination. This, however, is not the present situation.
The Liquidator does not seek such an order.

36 Finally, the local case law is clear that the provision does indeed operate
extra-territorially, as observed in Thye Nam Loong and Celestial (HC) at [27]
above.

37 It is further argued by Mazars HK, if s 285 of the CA has extra-territorial
effect, that there should be some clear connection to Singapore before an
extra-territorial order is made. In my view, the fact of the matter is that
the liquidation and the potential litigation being in Singapore is enough to
establish a connection and basis for the court to exercise its powers under s
285.

Whether the order under s 285 of the CA should be granted

38 Before an order under s 285 can be granted, the court should be satisfied
that the documents were reasonably required and if there is a reasonable
belief that they could be provided by the auditors, and that the balance of
interest lies in favour of such an order. I am satisfied that these
requirements have been met.

Whether the Documents were reasonably required, and whether there was a
reasonable belief that the Auditors could provide them

39 The Documents are reasonably required by the Liquidator for the carrying
out of his duties, namely, to understand how the audits were conducted and the
Auditors’ basis for issuing the Audit Reports. There is also a reasonable
belief that the Auditors would be able to assist, given that Mazars SG was the
Company’s statutory auditor for the relevant period and prepared the Audit
Reports with the assistance of Mazars HK.

40 Mazars SG raised several objections that were not persuasive. Broadly,
Mazars SG claims to have already explained the basis of the audit and to have
provided some of the Documents. Mazars SG also points to its correspondence
with ACRA and, in particular, to the fact that ACRA has to-date not taken any
action against Mazars SG. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Mazars SG at para 43.

The fact that ACRA has not taken any action against Mazars SG is, in itself,
not an indication of Mazars SG’s liability (or lack thereof) vis-à-vis the
Company. The concerns of the Liquidator are distinct from that of ACRA. As for
the contesting claims between Mazars SG and the Liquidator concerning the
adequacy of documents, it is apposite to note the observation in Celestial
(CA) that there is a “general predisposition in favour of the liquidator’s
views” (at [43(a)]). Even though Mazars SG has provided an explanation of how
the audit was conducted and provided some of the Documents, the Liquidator
remains entitled to test these claims.

41 Additionally, Mazars SG claims that it is not responsible for the various
discrepancies in the Audit Reports. This is irrelevant at this juncture.
Whether Mazars SG bears any responsibility for the state of the Audit Reports
is something to be determined by the Liquidator upon receipt and review of the
Documents.

42 As no valid objections have been raised against the Liquidator’s arguments,
the first stage of the test in Celestial (CA) is fulfilled.

Whether the balance of interests weighs in favour of the disclosure of
Documents

43 The central disagreement at the second stage of the test of Celestial (CA)
concerns whether the grant of the orders would result in oppression to the
Auditors. The Auditors rely on two key grounds. First, the application is
unnecessary. The Liquidator has enough documents in hand as evidenced by the
filing of the writ (see [8] above). Second, the disclosure of the Documents
would result in the contravention of PRC law and expose the Auditors to a real
risk of sanctions.

44 Oppression is not established through either the application being
unnecessary or the Auditors’ possible contravention of PRC Law.

(1) Whether the application was unnecessary

45 Mazars HK argues that the application was unnecessary as the Liquidator has
enough documents in hand and has formed a view concerning the misconduct of
the Auditors, as evidenced by the litigation funding obtained and the filing
of the writ in Suit 1036. The Liquidator argues though that the writ was only
protective to preserve certain causes of action, and that the Documents are
still required. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

YCW-2 at paras 31 and 34.

I am satisfied that the Documents remain reasonably required. Just because the
Liquidator had obtained funding and filed the writ did not mean that he has
everything required to pursue the claims. It is entirely consistent and
reasonable to do both, on a preliminary understanding of the facts, especially
in order to preserve the liquidated company’s position. The present situation
is different from that in Re Sasea Finance Ltd (in liq) [1998] Ch 103, a case
Mazars HK relies on, in which the English court denied an application by
liquidators of a company for interrogatories. A crucial reason was that the
interrogatories, which comprised 100 questions, were clearly for the purpose
of extracting damaging admissions for use in the prospective suit by the
liquidators (at 113D). The clear inference in that case was that the
liquidators there already had more than enough to go on. That is not the case
here.

(2) Whether the disclosure of the Documents would contravene PRC law

46 Possible contravention of PRC law was established through expert opinion,
but it was not shown that oppression would result.

47 Parties have provided expert opinions concerning PRC Law, namely
prohibitions under the Provisions of the China Securities Regulatory
Commission, the State Secrecy Bureau and the State Archives Administration on
Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration Relating to Overseas
Issuance and Listing of Securities (Regulation 29 of 2009) (PRC) (“Regulation
29”) and the Interim Provisions on the Audit Services Provided by Accounting
Firms for the Overseas Listing of Mainland Chinese Enterprises (No 9 of 2015)
(PRC) (“Interim Provisions”). The Auditors also claim that they require the
MOF’s permission to disclose the Documents.

48 Mazars SG argues that Regulation 29 prohibits its disclosure of the
Documents. This is on the basis that the Company falls under Article 11 of
Regulation 29. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mazars SG at para 113.

According to Article 11, an entity whose majority equity shareholding is held
by a mainland Chinese national will be treated as a foreign listed Chinese-
funded holding company (and thus be subject to the same rules regulating
foreign listed companies). The Company is one such entity, as its controlling
shareholder at the point of listing was a Chinese national. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Affidavit of Song Ying dated 7 July 2022 (“SY”), Exhibit SY-2 at paras 17 and
18.

49 The Liquidator’s expert disagrees. In his opinion, Article 11 is directed
at the domestic entity which owns a controlling stake in foreign-incorporated
companies which are listed outside of the PRC. It is not directed at the
overseas listed company itself. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Affidavit of Gary Gao dated 11 August 2022 (“GG”), Exhibit GG-1 at para 18.

The Liquidator’s analysis coheres better with the text of Article 11 of
Regulation 29. A plain reading suggests that Article 11 is directed at PRC-
incorporated entities with an overseas listing, and not the overseas-listed
Chinese-controlled company. This is further consistent with the title of
Regulation 29.

50 In respect of Mazars HK, there is similarly doubt over whether Regulation
29 applies. Mazars HK’s expert claims that Regulation 29 is brought into play
by Article 12 of the Interim Provision. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mazars HK at para 81(a).

Article 6 of Regulation 29, in turn, requires all archives, such as working
papers, to be stored within mainland China. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Affidavit of Yanhua Lin dated 20 July 2022 (“YHL”), Exhibit YL-1 at para 21.
See also Mazars HK at para 81.

It is equivocal whether Article 12 of the Interim Provision applies to Mazars
HK. Article 12 extends the operation of Regulation 29 to “[m]ainland Chinese
enterprises and accounting firms that provide audit services for overseas
listing of Mainland Chinese enterprises”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SY, Exhibit SY-2, Appendix C.

Mazars HK, however, does not appear to be a mainland Chinese enterprise or
accounting firm. As noted by the Liquidator, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

GG, Exhibit GG-1 at para 28.

Hong Kong is a separate legal jurisdiction and while part of the PRC, is not
within the territory of mainland China. Moreover, as the Liquidator
highlights, Article 10 of Regulation 29 suggests that Regulation 29 does not
apply to the Company. Article 10 states that “overseas listed companies shall
refer to domestic companies limited by shares that issue foreign shares listed
overseas”. The Company is not such an entity; it was incorporated in Singapore
and is not a domestic company with an overseas listing. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

GG, Exhibit GG-1 at para 18.

A similar finding was made in Celestial (HC), which was concerned with the
self-same provision. The respondents there relied on Regulation 29 to resist
production of documents vis-à-vis the company, which was incorporated in
Bermuda. This was rejected by the court on the basis of Article 10 of
Regulation 29 (see [54] of Celestial (HC)).

51 The next objection raised by the Auditors concerns the absence of MOF
sanction, without which the Auditors may not disclose any Documents. Mazars SG
points to correspondence with the MOF, specifically, to the absence of express
approval from the MOF. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mazars SG at para 105.

Mazars HK relies on the self-same correspondence between Mazars SG and the
MOF. Against this, the Liquidator points to several indications that the
Documents do not contain state secrets. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

GG, Exhibit GG-1 at paras 33 to 42.

The Auditors’ claim founders on the basis that the correspondence they rely on
is a memorandum provided to Mazars SG by its Chinese lawyers. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SY, Exhibit SY-2, pp 91 to 92.

It is a report of what the MOF had allegedly informed Mazars SG’s Chinese
lawyers. It is not a formal communication from the MOF indicating that the
Documents may contain state secrets. Mazars SG is not even able to produce the
communications with the MOF because they were conducted verbally.

52 Turning finally to the Interim Provisions, I accept and prefer the
Auditors’ expert opinions over that of the Liquidator as to the scope of
application of the Interim Provisions. The Auditors’ experts have shown that
the Interim Provisions would cover businesses listed outside the PRC. This was
stated in the MOF’s official press briefing detailing the scope of the Interim
Provisions. Specifically, foreign entities registered outside of China with
operations and administrative institutions predominantly located in mainland
China, such as the Company, would be governed by the Interim Provisions. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SY, Exhibit SY-2, Appendix D, pp 124 to 125.

However, it is questionable whether there was a breach here of the Interim
Provisions. Reliance is placed on Article 5, which stipulates that “audit
working papers generated within [mainland PRC] shall be kept in [mainland PRC]
by the Mainland Chinese accounting firm”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

YHL, Exhibit YL-1 at para 20. SY, Exhibit SY-2, p 112.

No evidence has been provided to suggest that the working papers were
generated in mainland PRC. The available evidence suggests that the papers
created by Mazars SG were created in Singapore. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SY, Exhibit SY-2, Annex C, p 96 (at Q5(a)).

As for Mazars HK, it appears that its audit working papers were located in
Hong Kong. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SY, Exhibit SY-2, Annex C, p 97 (at Q5(b)).

In so far as the Auditors wish to rely on Article 5 of the Interim Provisions,
it is their burden to demonstrate that the audit working papers were generated
in mainland PRC.

53 In any event, taking the Auditors’ case at its highest that the disclosure
would result in the contravention of the Interim Provisions, it has to be
shown that oppression would result. The consequences of contravention have to
be examined to see whether oppression is sufficiently made out, and if it
outweighs the interest of ensuring that the liquidator is able to discharge
his statutory functions. The second stage of the test in Celestial (CA)
involves a balancing exercise. It would not be decided alone by the possible
contravention of a law. Here, the Auditors have not shown the consequences of
such a contravention. As observed, it is similarly not clear that state
secrets are contained in the Documents, particularly given the reticence of
the PRC authorities when queried by the lawyers acting for Mazars SG.

No other reason to bar the application

54 No other issues would bar the granting of the application. The scope of the
documents asked for, which broadly relates to all documents received by the
Auditors in connection with or for the purposes of the Audit Reports, was not
beyond what was reasonably required. As observed in Celestial (CA), it is not
uncommon for courts to grant orders requiring parties to disclose all
documents in their possession, custody or control relating to the insolvent
company in question (at [67]). This was the case in Celestial (CA). In this
regard, Mazars SG’s complaint that it does not possess all the documents
sought falls away. The Liquidator seeks what is in their custody, power or
control. What they do not have is to be attested to by way of affidavit. It is
not a bar to the grant of the application. No abuse of process is made out
either. The application was not sought to gain undue advantages in the
litigation process, as observed at [45] above.

Conclusion

55 The orders sought are accordingly granted. Cost directions will be given
separately.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Tay Kang-Rui Darius and Teo Zhiwei Derrick Maximillian (BlackOak LLC) for the
liquidator;

Seah Yong Quan Terence, Ong Huijun Christine and Chong Xiu Bing Denise (Virtus
Law LLP) for Mazars LLP (first non-party);

Prakash Pillai and Charis Toh Si Ying (Clasis LLC) for Mazars CPA Limited
(second non-party).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Oct 2022 (12:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

