Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 278

HC/OS 1139/2020 (Summons No 2703 of 2021)

Between

| La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Company Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Zhang Lan  
---|---  
(2)| Grand Lan Holdings Group (BVI) Limited  
(3)| Qiao Jiang Lan Development Limited  
(4)| Success Elegant Trading Limited  
  
… Defendants

HC/OS 1140/2020 (Summons No 2704 of 2021)

Between

| La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Group Holdings Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Zhang Lan  
---|---  
(2)| Grand Lan Holdings Group (BVI) Limited  
(3)| Success Elegant Trading Limited  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure — Judgments and orders — Enforcement — Equitable execution —
Appointment of receivers]

[Evidence — Proof of Evidence — Admissions]

[Gifts — Donors]

[Trusts — Resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Co Ltd

  
v

  

Zhang Lan and others and another matter

[2022] SGHC 278

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1139 of 2020
(Summons No 2703 of 2021) and Originating Summons 1140 of 2020 (Summons No
2704 of 2021)  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
28, 29 September 2022

2 November 2022 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 Where a judgment debtor’s interest in property was only equitable, such that
execution at law against that property was not possible, there developed in
equity a means for the judgment creditor to have recourse to that equitable
interest in satisfaction of the judgment, namely by the appointment of a
receiver. The court’s discretionary power to appoint a receiver has been put
on a statutory footing in the form of s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020
Rev Ed), which provides:

Injunctions and receivers granted or appointed by interlocutory orders

(10) A Mandatory Order or an injunction may be granted or a receiver appointed
by an interlocutory order of the court, either unconditionally or upon such
terms and conditions as the court thinks just, in all cases in which it
appears to the court to be just or convenient that such order should be made.

2 The appointment of a receiver in aid of enforcement of a judgment is an
interlocutory one, even though made after final judgment. It is inherently
temporary and comes to an end once the judgment debt is paid.

3 The judgment creditors in this case seek the appointment of receivers over
two bank accounts in the name of a company on the alternative grounds either
that the judgment debtor is the beneficial owner of the moneys in the bank
accounts or had effective control over the bank accounts tantamount to
ownership in equity. They contend that receivers may be appointed even where
the judgment debtor is not the beneficial owner so long as there is such
effective control over the asset against which recourse is sought.

4 In my judgment, while effective control may evidence an equitable interest,
receivers may not be appointed over property where the judgment debtor has no
equitable interest, and has no enforceable right in relation to it that a
receiver upon appointment may exercise in the debtor’s stead. However, in this
matter, I am satisfied that the judgment creditors have proven on a balance of
probabilities that the moneys in the bank accounts belong beneficially to the
judgment debtor and that it is just and convenient for receivers to be
appointed in aid of satisfaction of the judgments.

5 I will now explain my determination.

Background facts

The parties

6 La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Company Limited (“LDV”) and La Dolce Vita Fine
Dining Group Holdings Limited (“LDV Group”) are the plaintiffs in Originating
Summonses 1139 of 2020 (“OS 1139”) and 1140 of 2020 (“OS 1140”) (collectively,
“Summonses”) respectively. They are both limited liability companies
incorporated in the Cayman Islands. LDV Group wholly owns LDV. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Cosimo Borelli’s 1st Affidavit dated 10 November 2020 (“1CB”) at paras 5–7
(Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 2 (“2AB”), p 501).

7 The first defendant in the Summonses is Mdm Zhang Lan (“Mdm Zhang”). She is
a citizen of St Kitts and Nevis. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1CB at para 8 (2AB, p 502).

8 Mdm Zhang wholly owns the second defendant in the Summonses, Grand Lan
Holdings Group (BVI) Limited (“Grand Lan”) as well as the third defendant in
OS 1139, Qiao Jiang Lan Development Limited (“Qiao Jiang Lan”). Grand Lan and
Qiao Jiang Lan are companies incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
(“BVI”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1CB at paras 9–10 (2AB, p 502).

9 Success Elegant Trading Limited (“SETL”) is the fourth defendant in OS 1139
and the third defendant in OS 1140. SETL is a BVI company incorporated on 2
January 2014. Mdm Zhang was the owner of the sole share in SETL from the point
of incorporation until 4 June 2014 when she transferred the share to AsiaTrust
Limited (“AsiaTrust”) – trustee of the Success Elegant Trust – by way of a
Deed of Addition of Assets to the Success Elegant Trust (“Deed of Addition”).
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ang Chiang Meng’s 7th Affidavit dated 24 January 2022 (“7ACM”) at pp 2052–2053
(Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 4 (“4AB”), pp 2052–2053).

AsiaTrust remains the owner of this share. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

7ACM at paras 16–17 (4AB, pp 1983–1984).

Mdm Zhang was appointed the sole director of SETL on 12 February 2014 but was
replaced by ATP Directors Limited, an affiliate of AsiaTrust, on 3 March 2015.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

7ACM at p 133 (4AB, pp 2110–2111).

10 The Success Elegant Trust is a family trust settled by Mdm Zhang for the
benefit of her son, Mr Wang Xiaofei (“Mr Wang”) and his children and remoter
issue. The declaration of trust is dated 3 June 2014. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

7ACM at pp 42–73 (4AB, pp 2019–2050).

Procedural history

11 LDV and LDV Group are judgment creditors of Mdm Zhang, Grand Lan and Qiao
Jiang Lan under two Hong Kong judgments dated 20 May 2020 (“HK Judgments”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Cosimo Borelli’s 4th Affidavit dated 9 June 2021 (“4CB”) at para 8 (Agreed
Bundle of Documents, Volume 3 (“3AB”), p 1309).

The HK Judgments recognised and enforced two partial awards on liability and
quantum rendered by the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration
Commission on 28 April 2019, which in turn concerned the plaintiffs’
acquisition of shares in companies beneficially owned by Mdm Zhang (“the
Acquisition”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1CB at paras 30–31 (2AB, pp 510–511).

12 LDV and LDV Group were granted leave to register the HK Judgments in
Singapore and obtained registration orders on 11 November 2020 (“Singapore
Orders”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Cosimo Borelli’s 2nd Affidavit dated 26 February 2021 (“2CB”) at paras 13–14
(2AB, pp 1055).

The Credit Suisse and the Deutsche Bank accounts

13 As part of the Acquisition, the plaintiffs paid US$254,419,156 into Mdm
Zhang’s bank account held with Bank Safra Sarasin Hong Kong (“Safra Sarasin
Account”) between 16 December 2013 and 13 June 2014. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

4CB at page 46 (3AB, p 1348).

14 US$142,051,618 in cash and securities was transferred from the Safra
Sarasin Account to a Credit Suisse AG bank account (“CS Account”) held in
SETL’s name between 10 March 2014 and 21 July 2014. Of this sum, US$85,225,000
was transferred from the CS Account to SETL’s bank account with Deutsche Bank
AG (“DB Account”) between 27 March 2014 and 27 November 2014. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

4CB at page 46 (3AB, p 1348).

15 At present, the CS Account and the DB Account (collectively, “the Bank
Accounts”) contain approximately US$22,005,981 and US$33,373,585 respectively.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions in HC/SUM 2703/2021 dated 21 September 2022
(“PWS”) at para 14.

These sums have been frozen by Credit Suisse AG (“CS”) and Deutsche Bank AG
(“DB”) since March 2015 when the banks were served freezing orders directed
only against Mdm Zhang granted by the Singapore High Court (“SG Freezing
Orders”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Cosimo Borelli’s 7th Affidavit dated 10 December 2021 (“7CB”) at paras 10–11
(3AB, pp 1929–1930).

16 I observe that the awards were of damages for negligent misrepresentation.
The plaintiffs had sought rescission for fraudulent misrepresentation but did
not succeed in this. Thus, even though the funds in the Bank Accounts came
from the proceeds of sale, no question of tracing arises.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

17 The plaintiffs seek to enforce the Singapore Orders via the appointment of
receivers over the moneys and securities held in the Bank Accounts.

18 They contend that it is just and equitable for this court to appoint
receivers by way of equitable execution over the Bank Accounts under O 51 r
1(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“2014 ROC”) for the
following reasons.

19 First, Mdm Zhang is the beneficial owner of the assets in the Bank Accounts
by reason of a resulting trust. She is identified as the beneficial owner of
the Bank Accounts in the bank documents, which include the form to open the CS
Account dated 11 February 2014 (“CS Opening Form”) and DB’s Client Investment
Risk Profile Form dated 7 March 2014 (“DB Profile Form”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at paras 49–56.

Mdm Zhang’s contention that she is so identified because of anti-money
laundering (“AML”) and know-your-client (“KYC”) requirements is artificial. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS at paras 73–75.

On the flip side of the coin, there is no documentation to show that SETL or
the beneficiaries of the Success Elegant Trust are the beneficial owners of
these assets. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PWS at paras 57–63.

20 Consistent with the above, CS and DB considered that the Bank Accounts fell
within the scope of the SG Freezing Orders when these orders were directed
only against Mdm Zhang. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PWS at paras 64–66.

It is also significant that between 6 March 2015 and 30 March 2015, Mdm
Zhang’s then-solicitors, Reed Smith Richards Butler (“Reed Smith”) and DB’s
solicitors exchanged letters showing that both parties regarded Mdm Zhang as
the beneficial owner of the DB Account (“the Letters”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PWS at paras 67–71.

21 To this, the following may be added: (a) SETL took no steps to set aside
the SG Freezing Orders for more than seven years; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PWS at para 72.

(b) when Cornucopiae Asset Management Ltd (“CAM”) – an asset management firm
advising Mdm Zhang 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Zhang Lan’s 1st Affidavit dated 13 September 2021 (“1ZL”) at para 16 (3AB, pp
1582–1583).

– informed CS that Mdm Zhang transferred the sole share in SETL to AsiaTrust
in October 2014, it failed to mention that Mdm Zhang had also transferred her
beneficial ownership of the assets in the CS Account to SETL; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PWS at paras 76–79.

and (c) Mdm Zhang authorised and directed the transfer of approximately
US$32.3m from the CS Account (“CS Transfers”) and US$35,832,587 from the DB
Account (“DB Transfers”) to parties including herself and Mr Wang even after
purportedly divesting her share in SETL. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PWS at paras 81–93, 100–110.

22 Second, in so far as Mdm Zhang’s interest in the assets in the Bank
Accounts is equitable, the plaintiffs are not able to rely on the traditional
modes of legal execution to enforce the Singapore Orders against the Bank
Accounts. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS at paras 35–39.

It is not feasible for the plaintiffs to commence garnishee proceedings as it
is unclear whether SETL owes a debt in equity to Mdm Zhang. Nor are the assets
in the Bank Accounts liable to execution by way of a writ of seizure and sale.
The appointment of receivers over the moneys and securities in the Bank
Accounts is the most direct and effective way of enforcing the Singapore
Orders. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at paras 40–46.

23 In the alternative, if this court does not find that Mdm Zhang is the
beneficial owner of the assets in the Bank Accounts, she exercised a level of
control over these assets tantamount to ownership. Mdm Zhang could transfer
the moneys in the Bank Accounts to any party she desired. On the strength of
JSC VTB Bank v Skurikhin and others [2015] EWHC 2131 (Comm) (“Skurikhin No.
1”), this level of control suffices to warrant the appointment of receivers by
way of equitable execution over the Bank Accounts.

Mdm Zhang’s case

24 Mdm Zhang contends that neither the Bank Accounts nor the moneys in them
belong to her beneficially, and hence no question of appointing receivers over
them can arise. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions in HC/SUM 2703/2021 and HC/SUM 2704/2021
dated 22 September 2022 (“1DWS”) at para 33.

Before me, counsel for Mdm Zhang, Mr Kevin Cheng, clarified that while Mdm
Zhang previously stated on affidavit that the beneficial ownership of the Bank
Accounts passed to Mr Wang after she established Success Elegant Trust and
transferred her share in SETL to AsiaTrust, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1DWS at para 44; Zhang Lan’s 2nd Affidavit dated 2 July 2022 (“2ZL”) at para
34 (4AB, p 2692).

she now adopts the position that the assets in the Bank Accounts were held for
the benefit of Mr Wang and his issue the moment they were transferred from the
Safra Sarasin Account.

25 In support of this, Mdm Zhang submits that the CS Opening Form and the DB
Profile Form pre-date the transfer of her interest in SETL to AsiaTrust and
hence shed limited light on whether she retained beneficial ownership of the
assets in the Bank Accounts. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1DWS at paras 36–38.

On the other hand, the documents disclosed by Safra Sarasin Bank support the
inference that Mdm Zhang transferred the moneys from the Safra Sarasin Account
to the CS Account to fund the Success Elegant Trust. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1DWS at paras 52–54.

26 CS and DB’s decisions to freeze the Bank Accounts were rooted in prudence
and not a belief that Mdm Zhang held a beneficial interest in the account. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1DWS at paras 41, 55–61.

Moreover, the Letters have to be viewed in light of the fact that SETL’s then-
solicitors, Zhong Lun Law Firm (“Zhong Lun”), subsequently wrote to DB to
state that Mdm Zhang did not hold any beneficial interest in the DB Account.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1DWS at paras 39–40.

27 Next, the CS Transfers were made on the advice of Ms Xiao Yanming (“Ms
Xiao”), Chairman of CAM and Mdm Zhang’s personal friend, and Mr James Chen
(“Mr Chen”), a lawyer from K&L Gates Straits Law LLC who assisted Mdm Zhang
with the setting up of the Success Elegant Trust. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1DWS at para 45.

Furthermore, Mdm Zhang authorised the CS Transfers because Mr Chen had failed
to remove Mdm Zhang as the sole signatory of the Bank Accounts. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1DWS at para 46.

The CS Transfers were either made to Mr Wang in accordance with the terms of
the Success Elegant Trust 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1DWS at para 47.

or pertained to moneys which SETL ought not to have held in the first place.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1DWS at para 48.

28 As for the DB Transfers, these post-dated the formation of the Success
Elegant Trust, at which point Mdm Zhang no longer had an interest in the
material assets. In any event, there are valid explanations for the DB
Transfers. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1DWS at paras 70–81.

SETL’s case

29 Mdm Zhang had intended to set up a family trust to benefit Mr Wang and his
children since 2010. To this end, Ms Xiao advised Mdm Zhang to set up an
investment holding company in the BVI and have this company first hold the
assets to be eventually held by the family trust. As it took some time to set
up the family trust, the contemplated arrangement would allow CAM to provide
its expertise and services regarding the investment of the assets as soon as
possible. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Success Elegant Trading Limited’s Written Submissions in HC/SUM 2703/2021 and
HC/SUM 2704/2021 dated 22 September 2022 (“SETL WS”) at paras 23–24, 130.

The BVI company and the family trust eventually took the form of SETL and
Success Elegant Trust. SETL submits that this shows that Mdm Zheng parted with
ownership of the assets held in the Bank Accounts to SETL absolutely for the
purpose of setting up the Success Elegant Trust. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SETL WS at paras 33, 37, 71–80.

30 SETL submits that its case is consistent with the contemporaneous documents
surrounding the constitution of the Success Elegant Trust. For example, two
Certificates of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax
Withholding and Reporting (“W-8 BEN Forms”) dated 11 February 2014 and
submitted by SETL to CS provide that SETL is the beneficial owner of the
income in the CS Account. These W-8 BEN Forms should be contrasted with a
separate W-8BEN Form Mdm Zhang submitted in respect of her personal account
with CS. In the latter form, Mdm Zhang declared that she was the beneficial
owner of the income in her personal account. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SETL WS at paras 109–113.

31 Separately, SETL takes issue with the plaintiffs’ reliance on several
documents or certain evidence to prove that Mdm Zhang is the beneficial owner
of the Bank Accounts under a resulting trust:

(a) The DB Profile Form, DB Client Investment Risk Profile form dated 28 March
2014 (“DB Risk Profile Form”), 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

4CB at page 30 (3AB, p 1954).

Bank Safra Sarasin Hong Kong remittance forms dated 10 March 2014, 13 March
2014, 24 March 2014 and 21 July 2014 (“the Remittance Forms”) and the invoice
from AsiaTrust to Mdm Zhang dated 5 February 2015 (“the AsiaTrust Invoice”) 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Cosimo Borelli’s 11th Affidavit dated 20 September 2022 (“11CB”) at p 43
(Agreed Bundle of Documents, Volume 5 (“5AB”), p 2816).

constitute inadmissible hearsay and, further, cannot be relied upon to
contradict the Deed of Addition of Assets to the Success Elegant Trust under
the parol evidence rule. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SETL WS at paras 62–66.

(b) The CS Opening Form, the DB Profile Form, SETL’s CS Account Mandate dated
11 February 2014 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

4CB at para 26(b), pp 82–85 (3AB, pp 1315, 1384–1387).

and SETL’s Application to open the DB Account 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

4CB at para 26(b), pp 87–89 (3AB, pp 1389–1391).

were prepared for the purpose of AML and KYC checks. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SETL WS at paras 90–99.

A beneficial owner for the purpose of these checks is not necessarily the
beneficial owner of the property in law. In any event, these documents pre-
date the transfer of Mdm Zhang’s interest in SETL to AsiaTrust. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SETL WS at para 100.

(c) The Letters must be set against SETL and Mdm Zhang’s consistent positions
that the Bank Accounts are legally and beneficially owned by SETL. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SETL WS at para 102.

(d) Three of the four Remittance Forms pre-date Mdm Zhang’s transfer of her
share in SETL to AsiaTrust and would naturally indicate that Mdm Zhang owned
SETL. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SETL WS at para 131(a).

Bank Safra Sarasin Hong Kong prepared the final remittance form dated 21 July
2014 without Mdm Zhang’s input. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SETL WS at para 131(b).

(e) CS and DB’s decisions to comply with the SG Freezing Orders are of limited
probative value. Neither party was aware of Mdm Zhang’s intentions when she
transferred the assets from the Safra Sarasin Account to the Bank Accounts. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SETL WS at paras 136–143.

For the same reasons, little weight can be placed on SETL’s decision not to
challenge the SG Freezing Order. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SETL WS at paras 144–147.

(f) The CS Transfers and the DB Transfers shed limited light on Mdm Zhang’s
intentions at the time she transferred the moneys from the Safra Sarasin
Account to the CS Account. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

SETL WS at paras 116–119, 129.

In any event, most of the CS Transfers were made for the benefit of Mr Wang 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

SETL WS at paras 122, 124.

and the DB Transfers were authorised or ratified under the terms of the
Success Elegant Trust. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

SETL WS at para 104.

That Mdm Zhang remained the sole signatory to the Bank Accounts stemmed from
administrative delays on the part of AsiaTrust and Mr Chen. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

SETL WS at para 123.

Likewise, even if Mdm Zhang had transferred assets out of the CS Account for
her benefit, this did not necessarily mean that she is the beneficial owner of
the assets in the Bank Accounts. Mdm Zhang could have been acting in breach of
her fiduciary duties. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SETL WS at para 121.

32 Finally, SETL submits that if Mdm Zhang is found not to possess beneficial
ownership of the assets in the Bank Accounts, this court cannot appoint
receivers over the Bank Accounts on the basis of her purported control over
the assets. Skurihkin No. 1 represents a flawed extension from precedent and
is inconsistent with established equitable principles.

Issues for determination

33 The issues for my determination are broadly as follows:

(a) Whether in law receivers may be appointed over property in which the
judgment debtor has no equitable interest but does have effective control.

(b) Whether Mdm Zhang beneficially owns the moneys in the Bank Accounts.

34 The second issue involves the determination of an evidentiary sub-issue,
namely whether the DB Profile Form, the DB Risk Profile Form, the Remittance
Forms and the AsiaTrust Invoice constitute inadmissible hearsay or are to be
excluded by the parol evidence rule.

Issue 1: Whether in law receivers may be appointed over property in which the
judgment debtor has no equitable interest but does have effective control

35 The plaintiffs rely on Skurikhin No. 1 where at [45] the English High Court
accepted the judgment creditor’s submission summarised at [38] and [39],
namely that a receiver by way of equitable execution may be appointed over
whatever may be considered in equity as the assets of the judgment debtor, and
that specifically:

… property subject to trust or analogous foreign arrangements would be
regarded in equity as assets of the judgment debtor if he has the legal right
to call for those assets to be transferred to him or to his order, or if he
has de facto control of the trust assets in circumstances where no genuine
discretion is exercised by the trustee over those assets.

36 The plaintiffs contend that this extends the reach of receivership by way
of equitable execution to situations where the judgment debtor has de facto
control of the trust assets even if he has no legal right of control or legal
power to direct how those assets are dealt with. In this judgment, I use the
terms “de facto control” and “effective control” (neither of which are terms
of art) interchangeably.

37 First of all, it is not clear to me that the court in Skurikhin No. 1 was
doing more than noting that de facto control of trust assets may, in
appropriate circumstances, be sufficient evidence from which to infer on a
balance of probabilities that the judgment debtor either has a beneficial
interest in those assets or has a legal right of control over those assets.

38 My more limited reading of this passage appears to be how the question was
approached in a later decision in the same litigation made by a different
Deputy Judge of the English High Court, namely JSC VTB Bank (a company
incorporated in Russia) v Skurikhin and others [2019] EWHC 1407 (Comm)
(“Skurikhin No. 2”). Skurikhin No. 2 concerned the application to discharge
the receivership order made in Skurikhin No. 1. She said at [103]:

The significance of de facto control over assets is that, where it is
demonstrated to exist, that then begs the question whether those who are
submitting to that control do so because they recognise the right of the
person exercising that control to dictate to them what should be done with
those assets. Thus, proof of de facto control may justify drawing the
inference that the person exercising de facto control is the ultimate
beneficial owner of the assets (at least in a broad sense of that term) …
Unless that inference can in all the circumstances properly be drawn, de facto
control does not, in and of itself, warrant treating a third party’s assets as
belonging to a judgment debtor in equity and hence available to be enforced
against. There may be other explanations for the appearance of control which
do not justify drawing the inference.

39 At [109] of her judgment, she expressed her view that the Judge in
Skurikhin No. 1 had indeed drawn an inference from Mr Skurikhin’s de facto
control that “the trustees recognised that he had a right to issue directions
which they would be obliged to follow”. For completeness, I note that there
was an appeal from her judgment, which was dismissed. The judgment in that
appeal is reported at JSC VTB Bank (a company incorporated in Russia) v
Skurikhin and others [2021] 1 WLR 434 (“Shukrikhin CA”). Shukrikhin CA was not
cited to me by counsel, perhaps because, being focused on abuse of process, it
was not considered material to the questions before me. However, it is worth
noting that the summary of the decision in Skurikhin No. 1 at [25] of the
English Court of Appeal decision is consistent with her reading of it.

40 Thus, I do not consider Skurikhin No. 1 to be authority for the proposition
advanced by the plaintiffs.

41 The other English authorities, which were also discussed in both of the
Skurikhin decisions, do not support the plaintiffs’ proposition. They concern
rights that a judgment debtor has and which a receiver, if appointed, may then
exercise in the debtor’s stead. In Tasarruf Mevduati Sigorta Fonu v Merrill
Lynch Bank and Trust Co (Cayman) Ltd and others [2012] 1 WLR 1721, the
judgment debtor had the unfettered discretion to revoke the trust. This was a
right that could be delegated to receivers for them to exercise. In Blight v
Brewster [2012] EWHC 165 (Ch), the judgment debtor had the right to withdraw
funds from a pension upon notice.

42 The distinction between rights that a judgment debtor has in respect of
assets and a merely factual control that a judgment debtor may have is a
principled one. A receiver is appointed to stand in the place of the debtor
and do those things which the debtor should, as a matter of good conscience,
have done in order to satisfy the judgment debt. This cannot however extend to
matters requiring the cooperation of a third party not bound to obey the
debtor. Requests may be phrased as instructions, and usually acceded to by
another for reasons such as personal affection or alignment of interests, but
that does not mean that the person making the request can compel compliance.
Without a right to do so, if a receiver is appointed, the receiver will not be
able to compel compliance with any instruction he may give in place of the
debtor, and the third party will be free to withhold cooperation. Thus, while
equity presumes that what ought to be done is done, equity also does not act
in vain.

43 Accordingly, as the plaintiffs do not assert that Mdm Zhang had any right
over the moneys in the Bank Accounts other than those derived from her
beneficial ownership of them, I turn to the second issue of beneficial
ownership.

Issue 2: Whether Mdm Zhang beneficially owns the moneys in the Bank Accounts

44 The plaintiffs bear the burden of proof to establish Mdm Zhang’s beneficial
ownership on a balance of probabilities. Both they and the defendants were
content to rest on the affidavit evidence, without cross-examination of
witnesses.

45 As I have noted at [19], the plaintiffs put their case on the basis of a
resulting trust. Both they and the defendants accept that a resulting trust
arises when one person transfers property to another without the intention to
benefit the other. The plaintiffs in this case go further and rely on evidence
that they say shows that Mdm Zhang positively intended to retain beneficial
ownership of the monies. On the facts of this case, evidence of intention to
retain beneficial ownership would displace any donative intent. The defendants
contend that as Mdm Zhang transferred the moneys to the Bank Accounts
preparatory to her gifting SETL to the Success Elegant Trust, it must be
inferred that she intended SETL to have the benefit of the moneys. There would
be no point, in their submission, for her to give SETL to the Success Elegant
Trust without its having the benefit of the moneys in its own accounts.

46 In this case, the plaintiffs do not rely on any presumption of resulting
trust and I agree that there is no need nor utility to resort to presumptions
in a case like this where there is both direct and indirect evidence of the
transferor’s intention: see Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at
[52]. The court’s task is to determine on the evidence whether the plaintiffs
have met their burden. In doing so, the court objectively assesses the
transferor’s subjective intention at the time of the transfers: see Tan Yok
Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok
Koon”) at [83]. In making this assessment, evidence of subsequent conduct of
the transferor is admissible and potentially relevant, even where not closely
connected to the time of the transfers. This is regardless of whether such
evidence bears in favour of the transferor or against: see Tan Yok Koon at
[110]. I additionally note that in this case, unusually, it is the transferor
who contends before the court that her intention was donative.

47 Before assessing the evidence, I deal with the defendants’ evidentiary
objections. First, they object to admissibility of the DB Profile Form, the DB
Risk Profile Form, the Remittance Forms and the AsiaTrust Invoice. The
objection is that their contents are inadmissible hearsay as the makers of
these documents have not been called.

48 The plaintiffs rely on s 32(1)(b) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“EA”) for the admission of these documents on the basis that the statements
contained in them were made by persons in the ordinary course of business, and
the documents form part of the relevant company’s records. I accept that this
is the case, and hold that the documents are admissible. However, weight is
another matter and must be assessed carefully, especially where there is any
ambiguity or lack of clarity.

49 Secondly, they contend that these documents cannot be relied upon to
contradict the Deed of Addition under the parol evidence rule. However, the
plaintiffs do not rely on these documents to contradict the Deed of Addition.
They do not dispute that from 4 June 2014, Mdm Zhang’s sole share in SETL was
transferred to the Success Elegant Trust. Their case is that the moneys in the
Bank Accounts are not and have never been beneficially owned by SETL. The Deed
of Addition was limited on its face to her share in SETL. If she had retained
the beneficial interest in the moneys in the Bank Accounts, the Deed of
Addition made no mention of it nor purported to transfer it to the Success
Elegant Trust.﻿

50 Turning to the evidence, the plaintiffs rely on the following principal
items of evidence:

(a) An internal email of Bank Safra Sarasin dated 13 March 2014 indicating
that their understanding was that the transfers to the CS Account were “not
only for tax planning purpose, but [Mdm Zhang’s] lawyer [was] helping her to
ease the concern on the with-recourse term of her business sold to an PE”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Cosimo Borelli’s 5th Affidavit dated 24 August 2021 at para 11, p 25 (Agreed
Bundle of Documents, Volume 3 (“3AB”), pp 1479, 1498–1499).

Thus, her motive in making the transfers to accounts in the name of SETL was
to protect herself from potential claims by the plaintiffs.

(b) Mdm Zhang’s confirmations concerning beneficial ownership, as reflected in
the respective banks’ documentation:

(i) In the CS Opening Form, she declared and confirmed that she was “the
beneficial owner(s) of the assets in the account” 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

4CB at p 64 (3AB, p 1366).

and promised to “notify [CS] immediately about any changes in the beneficial
ownership of the assets in the [CS] account”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

4CB at p 65 (3AB, p 1367).

(ii) In the DB Profile Form, her role in the corporate account was identified
in three distinct ways, namely authorised signer, shareholder and “beneficial
owner”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

7CB at p 30 (3AB, p 1954).

She confirmed the accuracy of this information and undertook to notify DB
promptly of any change. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

7CB at p 33 (3AB, p 1957).

(c) Mdm Zhang’s evidence in these proceedings concerning that bank
documentation, which was that they correctly reflected the position prior to 4
June 2014. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1ZL at para 26 (3AB, p 1586).

(d) Mdm Zhang’s apparent unfettered operation of the Bank Accounts as sole
signatory after 4 June 2014 and before the Freezing Orders. The plaintiffs
rely in particular on two groups of transactions:

(i) The first comprises two transfers she made from the CS Account, first of
US$3 million on 22 September 2014 and secondly of ¥3 million on 10 February
2015, for which she has offered no explanation, offering only the excuse that
she is “unable to locate the relevant documents and information”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1ZL at para 31(c) (3AB, p 1588).

The plaintiffs point out that SETL, no doubt appreciating the significance of
its inaction in relation to these two transfers from the Bank Accounts which
it claims to beneficially own, has belatedly demanded an explanation from Mdm
Zhang and reserved the right to make a claim against her, by their solicitors’
letter dated 19 January 2022 to her solicitors. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PWS at para 87; 7ACM at pp 193–194 (4AB, pp 2170–2171).

(ii) The second is a transfer from the DB Account on 26 November 2014 to Metro
Joy International Limited, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

11CB at p 42 (5AB, p 2819).

which funds have been traced into the purchase of a condominium apartment in
New York, that has been held by the United States District Court for the
Sothern District of New York to be owned by Mdm Zhang regardless of what legal
structures were put in place. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

11CB at p 63 (5AB, p 2840).

(e) Mdm Zhang’s reaction to the Hong Kong and Singapore Freezing Orders, and
in particular two things:

(i) The transfers out of the DB Account of sums totalling US$35,832,587.
Several of the payment instructions were hand-marked “TOP URGENT” and were
given in the two days immediately following her being given notice of the Hong
Kong Freezing Orders.

(ii) Reed Smith’s confirmation dated 6 March 2015 to DB’s solicitors 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Cosimo Borelli’s 9th Affidavit dated 10 June 2022 at p 45 (4AB, p 2241).

that she maintained the bank account at that time.

51 Reed Smith’s confirmation read as follows:

1\. We act for Ms. Zhang Lan.

2\. We are instructed that Ms Zhang maintains the following account with you:

A/C Name: Success Elegant Trading Limited

A/C No.: [redacted]

3\. We are further instructed that you have frozen the aforementioned account
by reason of court orders which have been served on you. Please provide us
with copies of the relevant court orders.

4\. Ms Zhang is taking legal action to set aside the said court orders. In the
meantime, you are reminded of and requested to comply strictly with your duty
of confidentiality towards Ms. Zhang. In particular, you are not to disclose
any information and/or documents relating to Ms. Zhang and/or the
aforementioned account to any third parties without the express consent of Ms
Zhang.

52 The defendants in their counterarguments first note that there is evidence
that Mdm Zhang had considered setting up a family trust for some time, as
evidenced, for example, in a Bank Safra Sarasin client profile form of 29
November 2013, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1DWS at para 53; 1ZL at p 1832 (3AB, p 1832).

when she set up the account with Bank Safra Sarasin that would receive the
sale proceeds a few weeks later. Secondly, they suggest that the references to
beneficial ownership in the bank documentation mean ultimate beneficial
ownership for the purpose of AML regulations and so are consistent with Mdm
Zhang owning SETL until 4 June 2014 rather than having a direct beneficial
interest in the Bank Accounts. This accords with the natural inference to be
drawn that when an individual provides his funds to a company that he wholly
owns so that it may purchase a property, his intention is probably for the
company legally and beneficially to own first the money and then the property
purchased with that money: see Nightingale Mayfair Ltd v Mehta and others
[1999] All ER(D) 1501.

53 The defendants then point to the fact that some of the transfers Mdm Zhang
made out of the Bank Accounts were later ratified by SETL and AsiaTrust on
behalf of the Success Elegant Trust. In general, their contention is that Mdm
Zhang’s intention was to give the moneys to SETL for the benefit of her son
and his issue as beneficiaries of the Success Elegant Trust. Any delay in
changing the signatory for the Bank Accounts or lack of documentation of
approvals by SETL or the Success Elegant Trust for transfers from them while
Mdm Zhang was the sole signatory is not Mdm Zhang’s fault but that of her
professional advisers.

54 I infer that Mdm Zhang was motivated by a desire to protect her funds from
potential claims by the plaintiffs arising from the sale without giving up her
ability to make use of those funds for her own benefit. Given that the
plaintiffs did not succeed in the arbitrations on their claims for rescission
for fraudulent misrepresentation, no question of tracing arises and so had Mdm
Zhang gifted the funds to SETL they would indeed have been beyond the
plaintiffs’ reach. However, the evidence shows that while she instructed and
caused the setting up of the Success Elegant Trust and transferred ownership
of SETL to it, she did not intend to relinquish her beneficial interest in the
moneys in the Bank Accounts. That she retained her beneficial interest in the
moneys is reflected in:

(a) Her transferring moneys from the Bank Accounts for her own purposes prior
to the Freezing Orders without complaint from SETL until January 2022, more
than seven years after the event and long after AsiaTrust had taken control of
the board of SETL (see [9] above). I infer that Mdm Zhang considered herself
free to make use of the moneys in the Bank Accounts and further infer that
this was because she had never intended to give the moneys away to SETL and
thus remained the beneficial owner of those moneys.

(b) Her haste in transferring moneys out of the DB Account after she had
notice of the Hong Kong Freezing Orders and before the SG Freezing Orders. I
infer that she did this precisely because she considered the moneys in it to
be her own and so at risk from the plaintiffs’ claims if she did not take
steps to move those moneys.

(c) Reed Smith’s confirmation on her behalf that she maintained the DB Account
at that time. The word “maintain” when used in relation to a bank account is
not apt to describe merely being a signatory of an account. For someone to be
said to maintain an account that account must be theirs. This was a formal
communication by her lawyers in the wake of the SG Freezing Orders. There is
no basis for interpreting the word in any other way, especially when her
lawyers identified Mdm Zhang as the person to whom DB owed the duty of
confidentiality. This could only mean that she was DB’s customer in respect of
the DB Account.

55 While the W-8 BEN Forms relied on by Mdm Zhang are consistent with her case
that SETL beneficially owned the Bank Accounts from the outset, their
probative value is outweighed by the rest of the evidence, and in particular
the matters I have summarised in the preceding paragraph. Mdm Zhang’s
subjective intention at the time when she transferred moneys into the Bank
Accounts was not to make a gift of them but instead to retain the beneficial
interest in them. This is most clearly revealed by her own conduct in relation
to the Bank Accounts and the moneys in them after 4 June 2014. It could be
said that she intended to execute whatever documents she was advised to
execute so as to hinder the plaintiffs from having recourse to her assets,
while at the same time retaining full control over those assets so that she
could deal freely with them for her own benefit. In the words of Reed Smith,
this indeed meant that notwithstanding the Bank Accounts being in SETL’s name,
she maintained them.

56 Reed Smith was Mdm Zhang’s agent. Their confirmation that she maintained
the DB Account operates as an admission under ss 17 and 18 of the EA. No
evidence was proffered that Reed Smith made this admission mistakenly and I
accept it was true that Mdm Zhang maintained the DB Account as of 6 March
2015, and hence was the beneficial owner of the moneys in it. This resolves
against her any possible ambiguity in her declaration of beneficial interest
over the moneys in the account made in the DB Profile Form.

57 Neither Mdm Zhang nor SETL contended that she had any different intention
concerning the moneys in one account as opposed to the other. I find that her
intention concerning both Bank Accounts was the same, and the evidence shows
that it was to retain beneficial ownership and not give the moneys to SETL.

Conclusion

58 The defendants did not seriously contend that if the moneys in the Bank
Accounts belong beneficially to Mdm Zhang it is nonetheless not just and
convenient to make the receivership orders. Nonetheless, I briefly explain why
it is just and convenient. First, the class of assets in this case, namely
moneys held in bank accounts, is property that is amenable to execution at law
if the bank account is in the name of the judgment debtor. Secondly, the fact
that the moneys are owned beneficially by Mdm Zhang but are not in her name
raises an obvious difficulty to the use of execution processes at law such as
a garnishee order. Thirdly, the appointment of receivers over the Bank
Accounts will enable recourse by the judgment creditors to those moneys to
satisfy the judgments in a manner that is cost-effective and not unduly
burdensome.

59 I therefore grant the relief sought, namely the appointment of receivers of
the Bank Accounts. The SG Freezing Orders remain in force, pending
satisfaction of the judgments. I will hear parties both on the form of the
receivership orders and on costs. Prior to my doing so, parties are to file
within 14 days of this judgment written submissions limited to a total of 15
pages each.

Philip JeyaretnamJudge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Han Guangyuan, Keith and Angela Phoon Yan Ling (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the
plaintiffs in Originating Summons No 1139 of 2020 and Originating Summons No
1140 of 2020;

Kevin Cheng, Joshua Tan Ming En and Poh Kai Yan, Samuel (Fu Kaiyan) (Invictus
Law Corporation) for the first defendant in Originating Summons No 1139 of
2020 and Originating Summons No 1140 of 2020;

Koh Li Qun, Kelvin (Xu Liqun), Kevin Elbert, Tan Shi Ying, Crystal and Phoon
Wuei (TSMP Law Corporation) for the fourth defendant in Originating Summons No
1139 of 2020 and the third defendant in Originating Summons No 1140 of 2020;

Koh Zhen-Xi, Benjamin (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for Deutsche Bank AG (watching
brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 14 Nov 2022 (13:50 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

