Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 241

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9038 of 2022

Between

| Wham Kwok Han Jolovan  
---|---  
|  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Statutory Interpretation — Construction of statute]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wham Kwok Han Jolovan

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2022] SGHC 241

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9038 of 2022/01  
Vincent Hoong J  
9 September 2022

28 September 2022

Vincent Hoong J:

1 The appellant, Wham Kwok Han Jolovan, was convicted after trial on one
charge under s 15(2) of the Public Order Act (Cap 257A, 2012 Rev Ed) (“POA”)
and sentenced to a fine of $3,000, with 15 days’ imprisonment in default.
Having heard the parties, I dismissed the appeal against conviction and
sentence and now provide my reasons.

Background facts

2 On 13 December 2018, at about 9.08am, the appellant arrived at the former
State Courts (“State Courts”) to attend court proceedings pertaining to Xu
Yuanchen (“Xu”) and Daniel De Costa Augustin (“De Costa”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Statement of Facts dated 18 August 2021 (“ASOF”) at [2] (Record of
Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 6).

3 Outside the State Courts, the appellant took out an A4 piece of paper which
bore the words, “Drop the charges against Terry Xu and Daniel De Costa” from
his bag. He asked a woman to photograph him while he held this piece of paper
at chest-level in front of the entrance to the State Courts. The woman
complied. The spot that the appellant stood at for the photograph to be taken
is a prohibited area specified in Part III of the Schedule to the Public Order
(Prohibited Areas) Order 2009 (“the Order”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASOF at [5] (ROP at p 7).

4 The appellant entered the State Courts to attend the said court proceedings
before leaving at approximately 9.45am. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ASOF at [4] (ROP at pp 6–7).

5 Later that same day, the appellant posted the photo with the caption “‘Drop
the charges against Terry Xu and Daniel De Costa.’ Pre-trial conference
scheduled for January 8 #insolidarity” on his Facebook account. The Facebook
post (“the Post”) was public. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ASOF at [6] (ROP at p 7).

The decision below

6 The District Judge (“the DJ”) found that the appellant committed an offence
under s 15(2) of the POA.

7 He held that the appellant’s acts constituted an assembly under s 15 of the
POA. Section 2(1) of the POA makes clear that a demonstration by a person
alone for a prohibited purpose falls within the meaning of “assembly”.
Further, the appellant demonstrated support for the views and actions of Xu
and De Costa as well as his opposition to the State in prosecuting them for
their actions, which fell within the ambit of the proscribed purposes set out
under s 2(1) of the POA. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Public Prosecutor v Wham Kwok Han Jolovan [2022] SGMC 2 (“First Judgment”) at
[8]–[9], [12] (ROP at pp 180–181, 183).

8 In this connection, there was no basis to interpret “assembly” in the POA as
being confined to acts which disrupt or have the potential to disrupt public
order or as importing a de minimis requirement. Such an interpretation would
read into s 2 of the POA words that are not statutorily provided for. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First Judgment at [8], [10] (ROP at pp 180–181).

9 The DJ was further satisfied that – even as the charge brought against the
appellant was premised on constructive knowledge – the appellant had actual
knowledge that to hold an assembly outside the State Courts was prohibited by
an order under s 12(1) of the POA. Pertinently, the appellant had applied to
hold an assembly outside the State Courts to mark “Human Rights Day” (“the
Application”) but was denied permission on 5 December 2018. He additionally
appealed to the Minister for Home Affairs for permission to hold a “one person
assembly outside the State Courts” which would “last no more than [five]
minutes” (“the Appeal”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First Judgment at [4]–[7] (ROP at pp 178–180).

10 The DJ imposed a fine of $3,000 (in default 15 days’ imprisonment) on the
appellant (“the Sentence”). The DJ found that the appellant had committed the
offence with actual knowledge of its proscription. He carefully deliberated
when, where and how to broadcast his opposition to the Attorney-General’s
Chambers. He also took efforts to broadcast his actions by making the Post.
The appellant’s antecedents for similar offences were not taken into
consideration; at the time he committed the present offence, the appellant had
yet to be convicted of the said antecedents. Finally, the DJ considered that
the sentence broadly cohered with the sentence of a fine of $3,000 meted out
in Public Prosecutor v Yan Jun [2016] SGMC 24 (“Yan Jun”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Public Prosecutor v Wham Kwok Han Jolovan [2022] SGMC 2 (“Second Judgment”) at
[6]–[15] (ROP at pp 191–197).

The parties’ submissions

The appellant’s submissions

11 The appellant submitted as follows. First, in so far as the purpose of the
POA is to regulate and govern public activities that pose a risk to public
order and/or public safety, the word “assembly” in s 2(1) of the POA ought
only to encompass actions which pose more than a de minimis risk to public
order. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s Submissions dated 30 August 2022 (“AS”) at [8]–[12].

The appellant’s offence should be strictly confined to his acts outside the
entrance to the State Courts (ie, it does not extend to making the Post). This
did not engender a risk to public order and hence fell beyond the scope of s
15 of the POA. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AS at [13]–[14].

12 Second, the DJ erred in finding that the appellant had actual knowledge
that the assembly was prohibited by an order under s 12(1) of the POA. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AS at [15]–[16].

13 Third, the Sentence was manifestly excessive. The offender in Yan Jun was
fined $3,000 for committing a far more egregious offence. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AS at [17]–[20].

The respondent’s submissions

14 The respondent contended that the appellant’s proposed interpretation of
“assembly” in s 2(1) of the POA read words into the statute that were not
provided for and undermined the purpose of the provision. The definition of
“assembly” in s 2(1) of the POA provides a functional, and not an effects-
based, description of the activity. To construe “assembly” as necessitating a
requirement that the gathering, meeting or demonstration poses a real or
potential disruption to public order rewrites the statutory definition under
the guide of statutory interpretation. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 30 August 2022 (“RS”) at [28], [30]–[37].

15 Additionally, the appellant’s interpretation of “assembly” undermines the
Commissioner’s discretion to grant or refuse a permit in respect of a proposed
assembly under s 7(1) of the POA as well as the purpose of the permit scheme
which is to pre-empt and prevent instances of public disorder. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RS at [38]–[42].

16 Next, there was no scope to construe s 15 of the POA as importing a
requirement that an offender’s actions posed more than a de minimis risk to
public order and/or public safety. An offence under s 15 of the POA should be
understood as an offence against society, as opposed to an offence against an
individual. For such offences, harm may not be simply quantified. In any
event, the appellant’s actions were far from de minimis. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RS at [29], [43]–[48].

17 The respondent also submitted that the appellant had actual and
constructive knowledge that organising an assembly at the State Courts was
prohibited by the Order. This was supported by the fact that the appellant had
unsuccessfully submitted at least eight applications for permits under the POA
to hold assemblies or processions at various locations, including the State
Courts, between 2010 and 2018 (which included the Application), and also made
the Appeal. Alternatively, the appellant had constructive knowledge by virtue
of the fact that the Order was published in the Gazette. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RS at [57]–[64].

18 Finally, the Sentence was amply justified. The appellant had actual
knowledge that his acts were legally proscribed and acted with premeditation.
His actions posed a threat to public order because the proposed assembly fell
within the ambit of the Order. The Sentence was also broadly in line with the
sentence imposed in Yan Jun. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RS at [68]–[75].

My decision

Section 15(2) of the POA

19 Sections 2(1) and 15(2) of the POA respectively provide:

Interpretation

2.––(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires ––

…

“assembly” means a gathering or meeting (whether or not comprising any
lecture, talk, address, debate or discussion) of persons the purpose (or one
of the purposes) of which is ––

(a) to demonstrate support for or opposition to the views or actions of any
person, group of persons or any government;

(b) to publicise a cause or campaign; or

(c) to mark or commemorate any event,

and includes a demonstration by a person alone for any such purpose referred
to in paragraph (a), (b) or (c);

…

Offences in prohibited areas, etc.

15.––

…

(2) A person who takes part in an assembly or a procession the holding of
which he knows or ought reasonably to know is prohibited by an order under
section 12(1) or 13(1) or a notification under section 13(2), as the case may
be, shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $5,000.

20 Preliminarily, parties did not dispute that a sole demonstrator can commit
an offence under s 15(2) of the POA. This was, in any event, made clear by the
definition of “assembly” under s 2(1) of the POA (see [19] above) as well as s
3(2) of the POA which provides that “[a] reference to a person or persons
taking part in an assembly … shall include, as the case may be, a person
carrying on a demonstration by himself … for any such purpose referred to in
the definitions of an assembly … in section 2(1)”. The crux of the present
dispute was whether an assembly under s 15(2) of the POA must be a gathering
or meeting which poses a risk to public order and/or public safety.

21 The purposive interpretation of a legislative provision involves three
steps (Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”)
at [37]–[53]):

(a) First, the court should ascertain possible interpretations of the
provision, having regard to the text of the provision as well as the context
of the provision within the written law as a whole. This is done by
determining the ordinary meaning of the words and could be aided by rules and
canons of statutory construction.

(b) Second, the court should ascertain the legislative purpose of the statute.
Legislative purpose should ordinarily be gleaned from the text itself.
Extraneous material may be considered in the situations set out under s 9A(2)
of the Interpretation Act 1965 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IA”).

(c) Third, the court should compare the possible interpretations of the text
against the purpose of the statute. An interpretation which furthered the
purpose of the written text was to be preferred to one which did not.

22 Applying these principles, I found that an “assembly” under s 15(2) of the
POA is not limited to gatherings or meetings which pose a risk to public order
and/or public safety. It follows that there was no basis to interpret s 15(2)
of the POA as requiring an individual’s actions to pose more than a de minimis
risk to public order and/or public safety.

23 To begin, the plain wording of the definition of “assembly” under s 2(1) of
the POA makes no mention of a requirement for a gathering or meeting to pose a
risk to public order and/or public safety. Instead, s 2(1) of the POA
expressly defines an “assembly” with respect to its purpose. If the purpose or
one of the purposes of a gathering or meeting falls within the statutorily
enumerated purposes, that gathering or meeting constitutes an assembly. The
appellant’s proposed interpretation of “assembly” reads into the provision
limits that are not linguistically provided for. For this reason, I found that
it was not a possible interpretation of “assembly” (as the word is deployed in
the POA) and therefore falls at the first step of the Tan Cheng Bock
framework.

24 The purpose of the POA, as revealed in its name and its long title, is to
preserve and maintain public order (Wham Kwok Han Jolovan v Public Prosecutor
[2021] 1 SLR 476 (“Jolovan Wham (CA)”) at [39]). But this did not, in any way,
advance the appellant’s case. Purposive interpretation, while an important and
powerful tool, is not a basis for rewriting a statute. Judicial interpretation
is generally confined to giving a statutory provision a meaning that its
language can bear and must be done with a view toward determining the
provision’s purpose and object as reflected by and in harmony with the express
wording of the legislation (Tan Cheng Bock at [50]).

25 The parliamentary debates on the Public Order Bill (Bill No 8/2009) (“the
Bill”) – through which Parliament promulgated the Public Order Act 2009 (Act
15 of 2009) – confirmed that s 2(1) of the POA sets out a teleological
definition of an “assembly”. During the second reading of the Bill, then
Second Minister for Home Affairs, Mr K Shanmugam explained that under the POA,
“cause-based activities are regulated” and the Act “applies only to cause-
based activities”. Likewise, then Member of Parliament for Hong Kah Group
Representation Constituency, Mr Alvin Yeo, observed that the POA “provides a
separate framework for regulating assemblies and processions which are
organised for the purpose of promoting a cause or campaign” and it is “the
crucial definition of the purpose behind the activity, which makes it cause-
related and hence subject to regulation” (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (13 April 2009) vol 85 at cols 3664, 3679–3680, 3744). In
delineating what constitutes an “assembly” under the POA, Parliament’s focus
was on the purpose animating a gathering or meeting, rather than its effects.

26 Finally, to read a requirement that a gathering or meeting poses a risk to
public order and/or public safety before it may be considered an assembly sits
uncomfortably with the permit regime set out in ss 5 to 11 of the POA. I am
cognisant that the permit regime was not directly relevant to the appellant’s
offence; his offence under s 15(2) of the POA concerned an assembly in a
public place where the holding of public assemblies is prohibited by order
published in the Gazette (see s 12 of the POA). That said, the POA adopts a
single definition of “assembly” that is employed in the rest of the act, such
as in s 16(1)(a), which proscribes the organising of a public assembly or
public procession in respect of which no permit has been granted or no such
permit is in force. Hence, the extent to which the appellant’s proposed
interpretation of “assembly” undermines the operation and logic of the permit
regime was, in my view, a relevant consideration.

27 In this regard, the POA regulates which assemblies require a permit and the
grounds for refusing to grant such a permit where a permit is required
(Jolovan Wham (CA) at [16]). Section 7(2)(a) of the POA provides that upon
receiving any notice and application under s 6 of the POA for a permit in
respect of a proposed public assembly or public procession, the Commissioner
of Police (“the Commissioner”) may refuse to grant a permit if he has
reasonable ground for apprehending that the proposed assembly or procession
may occasion public disorder, or damage to public or private property. The
word “occasion” – particularly when deployed in conjunction with the clause
“damage to public or private property” – suggests that the Commissioner has to
consider whether the proposed assembly may result in public disorder. If so,
then the appellant’s proposed interpretation leads to an illogical position,
namely, that while an “assembly” invariably causes public disorder, the
Commissioner must consider if the assembly may result in public disorder in
deciding whether to refuse to grant a permit.

28 There was accordingly no scope to interpret an “assembly” under the POA as
being limited to a gathering or meeting which poses a risk to public order
and/or public safety, much less one which, additionally, poses more than a de
minimis risk to public order and/or public safety.

Whether the appellant had actual knowledge that holding the assembly was
prohibited by an order under s 12(1) of the POA

29 Moving on, I deal with the appellant’s contention that the DJ erred in
finding that the appellant had actual knowledge that holding the assembly was
prohibited by an order under s 12(1) of the POA.

30 The appellant’s submissions in this regard were two-fold. It should be
recalled that the Commissioner had, on 5 December 2018, denied the appellant
permission to hold up placards outside the State Courts for five minutes on 9
December 2018 to mark Human Rights Day and raise awareness of human rights
issues (see [9] above). The appellant first contended that his acts which
formed the subject of the present charge were “a far cry” from what he planned
and was denied permission to do on 9 December 2018 and he thus did not know
that he required a permit to perform the former acts. Second, the appellant
submitted that it was not unreasonable for him to believe that no permit was
required for taking a “quick photograph” outside the State Courts. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AS at [15]–[16].

31 The appellant’s submissions were, however, misdirected. His offence under s
15(2) of the POA related to his knowledge that the assembly was prohibited by
an order under s 12(1) of the POA. This was distinct from the question of
whether the appellant believed that he did not require a permit to perform the
acts subject of the charge. The appellant failed to show how his purported
belief that he did not require a permit to perform the acts which formed the
subject of the charge impinged upon the DJ’s finding that he knew the assembly
was prohibited by an order under s 12(1) of the POA, which was the relevant
inquiry for present purposes.

The appeal against sentence

32 Finally, I consider the appeal against sentence. The appellant claimed that
the Sentence was manifestly excessive because the offender in Yan Jun was
ordered to pay a fine of the same amount even though he committed “a far more
egregious offence”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AS at [17]–[20].

33 Yan Jun involved an offender who committed two offences under the POA, one
under s 15(2) and the other under s 16(2)(a). In respect of the former
offence, the offender stood directly opposite the main gate of the Istana and
held two placards, which broadly disparaged judicial independence in
Singapore, above his shoulders for approximately four minutes. He did so even
though his application for a permit was denied, and despite being earlier
informed by the police that the Istana was a prohibited area under the Order.

34 The appellant contended that he ought to have received a lower fine than
that meted out in Yan Jun as the Application pertained to a “materially
different event” and he was not “expressly put on notice that the State Courts
was a prohibited area” under the Order. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AS at [18].

35 It must be remembered, however, that the role of the appellate court
differs from that of a court sentencing an offender at first instance.
Appellate intervention on the ground that a sentence is manifestly excessive
is only warranted when the sentence “requires substantial alterations rather
than minute corrections to remedy the injustice” (Public Prosecutor v Siew
Boon Loong [2005] 1 SLR(R) 611 at [22]). Additionally, due to the
extraordinary range of possible factual circumstances, attempts to narrowly
distinguish sentencing precedents are ordinarily not very helpful and may
sometimes lead to missing the wood for the trees (Public Prosecutor v Leong
Soon Kheong [2009] 4 SLR(R) 63 at [32]).

36 The threshold for appellate intervention was not met in the present case.
Even if I disregarded the Post, I found the Sentence to be supported by the
subject-matter of the assembly, namely, to express opposition to the Public
Prosecutor’s exercise of prosecutorial discretion and that the appellant
intended for the assembly coincide in time and place with Xu and De Costa’s
court proceedings. Moreover, the DJ declined to place weight on the fact that
the appellant had committed the present offence while on bail and under
investigations for offences under s 16(1)(a) of the POA when this was, in my
view, an aggravating factor that could have featured in the sentencing
calculus. The DJ declined to do so on the basis that there was “no final
definitive superior court ruling … as to the proper applicability of the POA”
at the time the appellant committed the present offence. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Second Judgment at [12]–[13] (ROP at pp 194–196).

This, however, elided consideration of the fact that specific deterrence was
not the only justification for treating offending while on bail as
aggravating. An additional reason for so doing is to “send out an important
signal and deter similarly minded individuals from abusing the conditional
liberty that had been accorded to them” (Public Prosecutor v Loqmanul Hakim
bin Buang [2007] 4 SLR(R) 753 at [60]).

Conclusion

37 For the above reasons, I dismissed the appeal against conviction and
sentence.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Eugene Thuraisingam, Suang Wijaya and Johannes Hadi (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)
for the appellant;

Deputy Attorney-General Tai Wei Shyong, Jane Lim and Niranjan Ranjakunalan
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Sep 2022 (09:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

