Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 319

Originating Application No 554 of 2022

Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co Ltd  
---  
  
Between

  
… Claimant

And

Milaha Explorer Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Injunctions — Application — Proprietary injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co Ltd

  
v

  

Milaha Explorer Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 319

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 554 of 2022  
See Kee Oon J  
27, 30 September 2022

27 December 2022

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 The claimant, Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co Ltd (the “claimant”), filed the
present application without notice on 20 September 2022 for a proprietary
injunction to restrain Milaha Explorer Pte Ltd (the “defendant”) from removing
or in any way disposing of or dealing with or diminishing the sum of US$5.2m
in the defendant’s account with The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
Ltd, bearing account number 260-103908-178 (the “HSBC account”).

2 I first heard the application without notice on 27 September 2022. After
directing that the defendant be given notice and hearing the matter inter
partes on 30 September 2022, I dismissed the application with costs. As the
claimant has appealed against my decision, I furnish these grounds of decision
incorporating the brief oral remarks which I previously delivered.

Facts

The parties

3 The claimant is a company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China. It
is engaged in the business of owning and leasing ships. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chia Hock Chye Michael’s affidavit dated 19 September 2022 (“Michael Chia’s
affidavit”) at para 7.

4 The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore. It is in the business
of ship-chartering and oilfield service equipment rental services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 8; Respondent’s Submissions (“RS”) at para
10.

The defendant is a one-ship company owning an offshore jack-up rig known as
the “Milaha Explorer” (the “Vessel”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 9; RS at para 11.

The defendant’s ultimate beneficial owner is Qatar Navigation QPSC (“Qatar
Navigation”), a company listed on the Qatar Stock Exchange. Qatar Navigation
has been publicly traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange since 1997 and had a net
profit of more than US$16m as at 2020. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 10; RS at para 10.

Summary of background to the dispute

5 The claimant and defendant entered into a Memorandum of Agreement dated 31
May 2021 (the “MOA”) for the sale and purchase of the Vessel at the agreed
price of US$26m. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 3.

On 27 June 2021, the claimant, as the buyer, lodged a deposit of 20%,
amounting to US$5.2m (the “Deposit”) into the defendant’s HSBC account as
security for the correct fulfilment of the MOA. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at paras 4–5 and 18–19.

6 By Addendum No 1 dated 8 July 2021, the MOA was amended to change the
protocol for delivery of the Vessel to the claimant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicant’s Submissions (“AS”) at para 10.

A second addendum dated 30 July 2021 was allegedly entered into, but the
claimant claimed that this was not agreed between the parties. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 36; AS at para 11.

7 Owing to a dispute as to the delivery protocol, the defendant failed to
deliver the Vessel. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AS at paras 13–14.

On 4 August 2021, the claimant exercised its right under cl 14 of the MOA to
cancel the MOA upon the defendant’s default in delivering the Vessel. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 37.

The parties were unable to agree that there was an agreement to vary the MOA.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at paras 38–40.

On 12 August 2021, the defendant alleged that the claimant had breached the
MOA and as such the Vessel could be sold to other buyers. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 41; RS at para 27.

On 16 August 2021, the claimant denied these allegations and further demanded
the return of the Deposit. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 42.

Procedural history

8 The claimant commenced proceedings against the defendant on 20 August 2021.
The claimant obtained an ex parte Mareva injunction in HC/OS 849/2021 (“OS
849/2021”) restraining the defendant from disposing of its assets up to a
value of US$23,760,473, including the Vessel and the Deposit. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 11 and p 107; RS at paras 28–29.

The defendant applied unsuccessfully to the High Court Judge in HC/SUM
4226/2021 (“SUM 4226/2021”) to set aside the Mareva injunction. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at paras 12–13.

9 In the meantime, on 25 August 2021, the claimant commenced arbitration
proceedings against the defendant in London in respect of the disputes over
the MOA. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Michael Chia’s affidavit at para 70.

The arbitration proceedings were at the stage of discovery as of 29 September
2022 when the defendant filed its submissions in this application. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RS at para 30.

10 The claimant filed an appeal in CA/CA 2/2022 (“CA 2/2022”) to the Court of
Appeal and succeeded in reversing the decision of the High Court in SUM
4226/2021. The Mareva injunction was consequently set aside. The Court of
Appeal’s written grounds of decision have yet to be released at the time of
writing these grounds of decision. Nevertheless, it was noted in the Court of
Appeal’s minutes when allowing the appeal on 7 September 2022 that the
claimant “did not furnish solid evidence of a risk of dissipation by the
[defendant]”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CA 2/2022 minute sheet dated 7 September 2022.

11 On 3 December 2021, in separate proceedings, OHT Osprey AS (“OHT Osprey”)
obtained an ex parte Mareva injunction in HC/OS 1229/2021 to restrain the
claimant and defendant from diminishing the assets in the HSBC account up to
the value of US$3,883,266.54. On 20 September 2022, OHT Osprey’s injunction
against the defendant was discharged by the High Court in HC/SUM 3409/2022. By
consent, the injunction against the claimant was maintained. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RS at para 41.

12 The claimant subsequently filed the present application without notice for
a proprietary injunction over the Deposit, pending the determination of the
arbitration in London. Counsel for the claimant sought to justify the urgency
of the application by pointing to the defendant being “virtually insolvent”,
and to its refusal to accede to the claimant’s request to hold the Deposit in
the HSBC account pending the final arbitration award and/or appeal therefrom.
Counsel further maintained that there was urgency as the Deposit was made in
cash and could be dissipated by the defendant at will.

13 The application was fixed before me for hearing on 27 September 2022. I
declined to deal with the application on a without notice basis. I directed
instead that the matter be adjourned to 30 September 2022, and that the
claimant had to give notice to the defendant and serve the papers by 4.00pm on
27 September 2022 so that the defendant could have an opportunity to respond
if necessary. The defendant filed its submissions in response on 29 September
2022, along with a notice of intention to refer to affidavits from Zhang Xiao
Cong Watson, Rui Peng, Ngoo Sin Hung Justin and Shawn Lim Zi Xuan, and copies
of the said affidavits.

The parties’ cases

14 At the outset, I note that the claimant submitted that there was urgency in
the application as it was for the purpose of interim preservation of assets,
having regard to s 12A(4) of the International Arbitration Act 1994 (2020 Rev
Ed) (“IAA”). As I determined at the initial hearing on 27 September 2022 that
the application should not be heard without notice, I will not set out the
parties’ submissions on whether an urgent hearing without notice was
necessary.

The claimant’s case

15 The claimant submitted that although the arbitral tribunal had been
constituted, this was not a bar to the application. It relied on advice from
Mr Chirag Karia KC (“Chirag KC”) to the effect that an application to the
arbitral tribunal for equivalent relief would pose significant difficulties
for three reasons. First, the arbitral tribunal would not act ex parte but
only on an application made with notice to the defendant. However, as noted
above, this point was moot since I had directed that notice should be given to
the defendant. The second reason was that the arbitral tribunal would take
“considerably longer than the Court to deal with such an application”. The
third reason was that the arbitral tribunal would be unable to act effectively
as any injunctive relief granted would not be backed up by the threat of
contempt sanctions, and its jurisdiction did not extend to third parties such
as HSBC. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AS at paras 29–33.

16 The claimant’s primary case was premised on the application being one for a
proprietary injunction and not a Mareva injunction. The claimant cited
Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar and another v Accent Delight International Ltd and
another and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 558 (“Bouvier”) at [144], where the
Court of Appeal affirmed that the established principles set out in American
Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd [1975] 2 WLR 316 (“American Cyanamid”) would apply,
viz, that the claimant had to demonstrate a serious question to be tried, and
the balance of convenience lay in favour of granting the injunction. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AS at paras 37–38.

17 The claimant submitted that there was no requirement to show a risk of
dissipation. It had a seriously arguable case that it had a proprietary
interest in the Deposit until it was proved that it had breached the MOA.
Under the MOA, the Deposit was liable to being either (a) “released” to the
claimant together with interest should the claimant cancel the MOA pursuant to
cl 14 of the MOA; or alternatively (b) “forfeited” to the defendant together
with interest should the defendant cancel the MOA pursuant to cl 13 of the
MOA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AS at paras 43–44.

18 As the question of whether the claimant or defendant was in breach of the
MOA was pending arbitration in London, the claimant submitted that until such
time as the arbitral tribunal determined that the claimant was in breach of
the MOA as buyer of the Vessel, the claimant retained a proprietary interest
in the Deposit. A term should therefore be implied into the MOA to prevent the
defendant from dealing freely with the Deposit unless and until it had been
determined by the arbitral tribunal that the Deposit had been validly
forfeited in accordance with cl 13 of the MOA. The claimant further submitted
that both the officious bystander and business efficacy tests for implied
terms were satisfied. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AS at paras 45–48.

19 As a proprietary injunction seeks to preserve what may be the claimant’s
property, the claimant argued that once it showed a seriously arguable case
for a proprietary remedy, the court should be more ready to grant a
proprietary injunction.

20 In addition, the claimant contended that the Deposit was subject to a
Quistclose trust (see Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose Investments Ltd [1970] 1
AC 567) given that the purpose of the Deposit, as set out in the MOA, was to
serve as security for the correct fulfilment of the agreement. The Deposit
should therefore be held by the defendant on a resulting trust for the
claimant until it is used for its designated purpose. In particular, cll 13
and 14 of the MOA demonstrated the parties’ intent to restrict the disposal of
the Deposit by the defendant except in accordance with the two clauses, such
that the Deposit was clearly not intended to be at the free disposal of the
defendant. As the matter is before the arbitral tribunal, the claimant
submitted that there was at least a serious issue to be tried in relation to
whether a Quistclose trust arose in relation to the Deposit. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AS at paras 53–55.

21 As for the balance of convenience, the claimant submitted that this lay in
favour of granting the injunction. Should the arbitral award be in its favour,
any such award would be ineffective should the defendant deal with the
Deposit. In addition, the defendant was clearly insolvent and the only money
it had available was the Deposit. The claimant would suffer irreparable damage
if the injunction was not granted. Conversely, the defendant would not suffer
prejudice since it had operated without access to the Deposit from 23 August
2021 to 6 September 2022 when the Mareva injunction was in place, and its
operating expenses had been funded by Qatar Navigation. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AS at paras 56–60.

The defendant’s case

22 As indicated at [14] above, it is unnecessary to set out the defendant’s
submissions concerning the improper filing of the application without notice.

23 In relation to the claimant’s substantive application for a proprietary
injunction, the defendant submitted that: (a) the court should not act in aid
of the ongoing arbitration in London; and (b) the considerations in support of
a proprietary injunction were not satisfied. I set out the defendant’s
position on each point in turn.

24 First, the defendant argued that the court should not grant an injunction
in aid of a London-seated arbitration in circumstances where the arbitral
tribunal had not only been constituted but the arbitral proceedings were
already underway and at the stage of discovery. The claimant’s position that
it was seeking an injunction from the court rather than the arbitral tribunal
because the tribunal “will not act ex parte and will instead only act upon an
application made on notice to the [defendant]” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AS at para 31.

was not a reason for the court to act in aid of the claimant. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

RS at para 47(b).

It was further submitted that the application was a non-starter because the
claimant itself had relied on expert opinion from Chirag KC, who had accepted
that the arbitral tribunal had the power to grant interim relief in the form
of the proprietary injunction sought. Thus, it could not be said that the
tribunal was unable to act effectively. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

RS at para 67(e).

25 The defendant emphasised that the threshold requirement for an application
under s 12A(4) of the IAA was urgency. Further, s 12A(6) makes it clear that
where the claimant seeks the court’s assistance in arbitration proceedings,
the court can act “only if or to the extent that the arbitral tribunal … has
no power or is unable for the time being to act effectively”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

RS at para 63.

The claimant had not cleared the statutory hurdle in s 12A(6) merely by
asserting that the tribunal may take 21 to 28 days to decide an application
(even if true), especially since it had agreed to the relevant arbitral
process. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RS at paras 67(a) and 67(b).

26 With reference to the claimant’s Form 14 of Appendix B to the Supreme Court
Practice Directions 2021 which was filed to support the need for an urgent
application, the claimant’s stated reason for urgency was that the defendant
was virtually insolvent and, despite that, had refused to hold the Deposit in
the HSBC account pending the determination of the arbitral tribunal. It also
suggested that the Deposit which was in cash could be easily dissipated. The
defendant pointed out, however, that the parties had already undergone the
same exercise of examining the risk of dissipation of the Deposit before the
Court of Appeal in CA 2/2022, and the claimant had been unsuccessful in its
arguments. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RS at paras 53–56.

Moreover, even if the defendant was insolvent, that was not a basis for the
grant of an injunction since Qatar Navigation, as the defendant’s parent
company, had undertaken to meet the defendant’s liabilities as and when they
fell due. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

RS at paras 57(c) and 57(d).

27 Moreover, the arbitral tribunal was able to effect enforcement of its order
as the order could be enforced in the same manner as if it were a court order
under s 12(6) of the IAA. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

RS at para 68(a).

In this regard, s 12(6) of the IAA provides as follows:

(6) All orders or directions made or given by an arbitral tribunal in the
course of an arbitration are, by permission of the General Division of the
High Court, enforceable in the same manner as if they were orders made by a
court and, where permission is so given, judgment may be entered in terms of
the order or direction.

28 In addition, the defendant relied on the extended doctrine of res judicata
to submit that the claimant was precluded from raising the present arguments
in support of the application for a proprietary injunction, as it could have,
or ought to, with reasonable diligence, have advanced the same arguments
previously when applying for the Mareva injunction before either the High
Court or the Court of Appeal. The contentions being raised were all matters
previously known to the claimant and the claimant was thus estopped from
pursuing the present application on the same grounds. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

RS at para 71.

29 Second, the defendant contended that the claimant had failed to show a
seriously arguable case that it had a proprietary interest over the Deposit.
Clause 2 of the MOA specified that the Deposit was to be furnished as security
for the correct fulfilment of the MOA, with cl 13 setting out the defendant’s
right to forfeit the Deposit should the claimant fail to pay the purchase
price for the Vessel. Thus, the Deposit was meant to be security for the
defendant against potential breaches by the claimant, and the defendant was
free to hold the Deposit in any bank account or mix it with other moneys. It
was only after the Court of Appeal had discharged the Mareva injunction that
the claimant asserted for the first time that it had a proprietary interest in
the Deposit. The claimant had not objected even in November 2021 when the
defendant disclosed in its compliance affidavit that US$13,264.65 out of the
sums previously deposited in the HSBC account had been spent in the ordinary
course of business. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RS at paras 75(c) to 75(e).

30 As for the claimant’s submission that the Deposit was subject to a
Quistclose trust, the defendant contended that there was no evidence of any
restriction on the use of the money for any specified purpose. Rather, the
purpose of the Deposit, in line with cl 2 of the MOA, was to serve as security
for the defendant. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RS at paras 75(i) to 75(j).

31 Turning to the balance of convenience, the defendant submitted that the
Court of Appeal had already rejected the claimant’s argument premised on the
defendant’s insolvency, and the same conclusion ought to be reached in the
present case. The defendant would be prejudiced if the proprietary injunction
were to be granted, with the imposition of onerous disclosure and reporting
obligations without any concomitant undertaking from the claimant as to
damages when the claimant itself was insolvent. There would be no finality in
litigation despite the Court of Appeal having already rejected the claimant’s
primary arguments on the risk of dissipation of assets in the face of the
defendant’s insolvency. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RS at para 76.

32 Lastly, as the application had originally been filed without notice, the
claimant was duty-bound to make full and frank disclosure of all material
facts. The defendant submitted that the claimant had failed to draw the
court’s attention to the fact that its arguments on the risk of dissipation of
assets justifying urgency and the defendant’s insolvency had already been
fully considered and rejected by the Court of Appeal. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

RS at para 77.

Issues to be determined

33 Based on the foregoing, the following issues arose for my determination:

(a) whether the court should act in aid of the arbitration before the arbitral
tribunal pursuant to s 12A of the IAA; and

(b) whether the considerations in support of a proprietary injunction were
satisfied.

34 I agreed with the defendant’s submissions. I was not persuaded that the
arbitral tribunal was unable for the time being to deal with the matter, and I
was of the view that the considerations in support of the grant of a
proprietary injunction had not been satisfied. I shall elaborate on the
reasons for my decision below.

Whether the court should act in aid of the arbitration before the arbitral
tribunal

Whether the application was urgent and should have been heard without notice

35 Under s 12A(4) of the IAA, the General Division of the High Court is
empowered to make such orders as it thinks necessary for the purpose of
preserving assets in connection with arbitration proceedings where the case is
one of urgency. The claimant submitted that there was such urgency in the
application, on account of the defendant’s refusal to accede to the claimant’s
request not to “deal with, dissipate or otherwise use” the Deposit pending a
final arbitration award and/or final appeal therefrom. Further, this urgency
also necessitated the bringing of this application without notice. I was of
the view that the application was neither urgent within the meaning of s
12A(4) of the IAA, nor urgent such that it should be heard without notice.

36 The applicable law on when it would be appropriate to hear an application
on an ex parte without notice basis is clearly set out by the Court of Appeal
in Bouvier at [115]. The claimant must file an affidavit in support of the ex
parte application giving reasons for the urgency of the application, or
explain why giving notice would defeat the purpose of the application.
Pursuant to s 12A(4) of the IAA, an claimant should similarly furnish
sufficient reasons to demonstrate the urgency of the application.

37 The claimant sought to rely on WSG Nimbus Pte Ltd v Board of Control for
Cricket in Sri Lanka [2002] 1 SLR(R) 1088 (“WSG Nimbus”) in support of the
argument that the application was sufficiently urgent, because the defendant
had refused to confirm that they would not deal with the Deposit. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AS at para 28.

However, the relevant passage of Lee Seiu Kin JC’s (as he then was) judgment
in WSG Nimbus at [70] cited by the claimant appeared to contain Lee JC’s
observation arising from the facts, rather than an enunciation of a statement
of broad legal principle. In the factual context of that case, the defendant
had already taken positive steps in dealing with certain rights under the
agreement and Lee JC therefore found that there was urgency in the
application.

38 Related to the question of urgency, I also preliminarily considered the
claimant’s arguments seeking a proprietary injunction. It was apparent that
irrespective of how the claimant framed the present application, the question
whether there was a risk of dissipation remained at the core of its
submissions. To be clear, the claimant had fairly stated in its written
submissions for the without notice hearing that the defendant’s appeal in CA
2/2022 was allowed and that the Court of Appeal had found insufficient
evidence of risk of dissipation. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AS at para 22.

However, this did not alter the fact that the application appeared to be an
attempt by the claimant to relitigate the same point, while relying on the
risk of dissipation as a reason for the urgency of the application.

39 In view of the background to the proceedings, I saw no clear need for
urgency and thus declined to deal with the application on a without notice
basis. As such, I did not see the need to further address the defendant’s
submission that full and frank disclosure had not been made for the purpose of
the without notice application.

Whether the court’s jurisdiction under s 12A of the IAA was properly invoked

40 Next, I turn to consider the issue of the court’s jurisdiction under s 12A
of the IAA. I agreed with the defendant’s submission in this regard and
accepted that the court should not grant the injunction in aid of the ongoing
arbitration before the arbitral tribunal.

41 I begin by evaluating the claimant’s position that it was seeking an
injunction from the because the arbitral tribunal “will not act ex parte and
will instead only act upon an application made on notice to the [defendant]”.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AS at para 31.

This argument was neither here nor there and did not assist the claimant. In
any case, this consideration was not material as I had found that a without
notice hearing was inappropriate and had directed that notice be given to the
defendant.

42 As for the argument that the arbitral tribunal would likely take a
comparatively longer time to make a determination, this was again a neutral
point that did not advance the claimant’s case. It could not be a reason by
itself for the court to exercise its powers under s 12A of the IAA. Moreover,
the parties had agreed to refer the dispute to the arbitral tribunal. In the
absence of special circumstances, there was no reason why the court’s
jurisdiction under s 12A of the IAA had to be invoked. As the Court of Appeal
observed in NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd [2008]
2 SLR(R) 565 at [61]:

… the courts should generally decline to exercise their jurisdiction to grant
interim injunctions pending arbitration where an arbitral tribunal has
concurrent jurisdiction to make such orders and there are no special
circumstances to justify the application being made to the court instead of to
the tribunal.

[emphasis in original]

43 In the present case, it was certainly not the case that interim relief, if
warranted, could not be obtained from the arbitral tribunal. The defendant
rightly highlighted the fact that the claimant’s expert opinion, as proffered
by Chirag KC, affirmed that the arbitral tribunal had the power to grant
interim relief in the form of the proprietary injunction sought. It also could
not be said that the arbitral tribunal was “unable for the time being to act
effectively”, as specified in s 12A(6) of the IAA. There were no special
circumstances warranting the application being made to the court instead of to
the tribunal. Accordingly, I agreed with the defendant that the claimant had
not met the statutory requirement in s 12A(6) of the IAA, especially since it
had agreed to the relevant arbitral process.

44 Finally, it was incorrect for the claimant to make the sweeping suggestion
that any order made by the arbitral tribunal would be ineffective as it could
not be enforced through contempt sanctions and had no effect on third parties.
As the defendant correctly pointed out, s 12(6) of the IAA expressly provides
for the enforceability of “[a]ll orders or directions” made by the arbitral
tribunal in the course of an arbitration, subject to the permission of the
General Division of the High Court. In Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc and
another v Global Gaming Philippines LLC and another [2021] 2 SLR 1279, the
Court of Appeal further clarified (at [113(a)]) how such an order or direction
made by an arbitral tribunal could be enforced, viz, either with leave of the
court, in the same manner as orders of court; or by entering judgment in terms
of the order or direction. As for the claimant’s argument relating to the
alleged inefficacy of the tribunal’s order against third parties (such as
HSBC), this was irrelevant in the present context since the order sought
pertained only to the defendant and not HSBC. In any case, if the tribunal’s
order is registered in Singapore and enforced as a court order, third parties
who knowingly act in breach of the order would face similar sanctions.

45 For the above reasons, I was not persuaded that the court’s jurisdiction
under s 12A of the IAA was properly invoked. The application would have failed
on this ground alone, but I also gave due consideration to the claimant’s
remaining arguments in support of the application and found them to be
unmeritorious as well.

Whether the considerations in support of a proprietary injunction were
satisfied

46 The claimant submitted that the present application was premised on interim
preservation of its purported proprietary interest in the Deposit. In couching
the submission in this form, the claimant took the view that it did not need
to demonstrate risk of dissipation of assets to support its application for a
proprietary injunction. With respect, I differed from this view. Perhaps
inevitably, the claimant in fact centred its arguments on the risk of
dissipation, given that the factual premises it relied on were closely and
inextricably intertwined with the facts on which the previous application for
a Mareva injunction were grounded.

47 It appeared to me that the question of risk of dissipation was very much a
live issue in this application. It remained central to the claimant’s various
arguments. This was manifestly clear from its written submissions. At paras 46
to 55 of the said submissions, it was submitted that a term should be implied
into the MOA precluding the defendant from dealing with the Deposit and
further that a Quistclose trust was operative. At para 59, the claimant
submitted that it may suffer “irreparable damage in that there will be nothing
left of the Deposit to be repaid”. All these arguments were indisputably aimed
at showing that the Deposit was at serious risk of being dealt with and
dissipated, and that a proprietary injunction was thus necessary and
justified. However, these would have been the same arguments it could (or
would) have relied on in applying for a Mareva injunction at the outset.

48 The claimant also sought to demonstrate the urgency in the application by
pointing to the defendant’s virtual insolvency and its refusal to confirm that
it would not deal with the Deposit in the HSBC account pending the
determination of the arbitral tribunal. Once again, this argument revolved
around the risk of dissipation, despite the claimant’s efforts to suggest
otherwise.

49 The defendant submitted that the extended doctrine of res judicata applied
to preclude the claimant from raising the present arguments in support of the
application for a proprietary injunction. I found this cogent and persuasive.
It bears repeating that the claimant had already unsuccessfully canvassed the
argument of risk of dissipation of the Deposit before the Court of Appeal. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

RS at para 56.

To begin with, the defendant’s alleged virtual insolvency was not a new
development. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RS at paras 57(a) and 57(b).

It could not form the basis for the grant of an injunction since Qatar
Navigation had undertaken in its capacity as the defendant’s parent company to
meet the latter’s liabilities as and when they fell due. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

RS at para 57(d).

50 Pertinently, the claimant also did not put forward any new evidence before
me on the risk of dissipation, beyond indicating that the defendant had
declined on 9 September 2022 to provide an undertaking not to deal with the
Deposit after the defendant’s appeal in CA 2/2022 had been allowed. In my
view, the defendant’s position was perfectly legitimate and justified, given
that the Court of Appeal had set aside the Mareva injunction on the basis that
the claimant had failed to furnish solid evidence of any risk of dissipation.
There was simply no reason why the defendant had to accede to the claimant’s
request for an undertaking not to deal with the Deposit, and the defendant’s
refusal to do so could not form a basis for the present application.

51 As noted by the Court of Appeal in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly
known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate
Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR
1104, the extended doctrine of res judicata is termed as such because (at
[102]):

… it extends cause of action estoppel and issue estoppel beyond cases where
the point sought to be argued in later proceedings had actually and already
been decided by a court in earlier proceedings between the same parties … to
cases where the point was not previously decided because it was not raised in
the earlier proceedings even though it could and should have been raised in
those proceedings. As mentioned earlier, this ‘extended’ doctrine has come
also to be known by the name ‘abuse of process’ …

52 In Goldbell Engineering Pte Ltd v Etiqa Insurance Pte Ltd (Range
Construction Pte Ltd, third party) and another matter [2022] SGHC 1, Ang Cheng
Hock J helpfully summarised the relevant legal principles from existing case
law (at [90]–[92]). I need not repeat them in full for present purposes, but I
adopt Ang J’s summary, in particular his observation at [91]:

… in determining whether there is an abuse of process that attracts the
extended doctrine of res judicata, the court looks at all the circumstances of
the case and in particular, the following: (a) whether the later proceedings
is in substance nothing more than a collateral attack on the previous
decision; (b) whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-
litigation; (c) whether there are bona fide reasons why an issue that ought to
have been raised in the earlier action was not; and (d) whether there are some
special circumstances that might justify allowing the case to proceed (Goh
Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (‘Goh Nellie’) at [53]).
In this process, the court is guided by the balance to be found in the tension
between the demands of ensuring that a litigant who has a genuine claim is
allowed to press his case in court and recognising that there is a point
beyond which repeated litigation would be unduly oppressive to the defendant
(Goh Nellie at [53]).

53 The claimant appeared to maintain that even though the factual premises
remained unchanged, the relief sought in the form of a proprietary injunction
was different from the Mareva injunction sought in OS 849/2021 which was set
aside by the Court of Appeal in CA 2/2022. However, this missed the point that
the issue of risk of dissipation arising from the same factual premises had
already been determined by the Court of Appeal. As I previously noted at the
initial without notice hearing on 27 September 2022, it did not appear that
there was any new evidence on this issue.

54 Having had the benefit of hearing full submissions from the parties, I
concluded that the claimant plainly could have, or ought to have, with
reasonable diligence, advanced the same arguments pertaining to its alleged
proprietary interest previously when applying for the Mareva injunction before
the High Court and/or the Court of Appeal. This was an abuse of process, being
a thinly veiled collateral attack on the Court of Appeal’s decision to allow
the appeal in CA 2/2022. In my assessment, the claimant was estopped from
pursuing the present application on essentially the same grounds. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

RS at para 71.

55 In any case, I was of the view that the claimant had raised the argument of
having a proprietary interest in the Deposit as an afterthought. As Lord
Millett opined in the House of Lords decision of Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley and
others [2002] 2 AC 164 at [73], “[a] Quistclose trust does not necessarily
arise merely because money is paid for a particular purpose”. The question in
every case is whether the parties intended the money to be at the free
disposal of the recipient (at [74]). Based on the terms of the MOA, I saw no
basis for reading in an implied term to prohibit the defendant from dealing
with the Deposit as part of its assets. The Deposit was furnished by the
claimant to provide “security for the correct fulfilment of [the MOA]”: cl 2
of the MOA. I accepted the defendant’s submission that the MOA thus envisioned
the Deposit as security for the defendant against potential breaches by the
claimant.

56 Even if I had erred in this reasoning, and cll 13 and 14 of the MOA could
instead be validly construed in the restrictive fashion suggested by the
claimant as set out at [20] above, any force in this argument was blunted once
it was appreciated that the claimant itself was equally subject to those
clauses. If the claimant was correct that the Deposit was subject to a
Quistclose trust which was supported by those clauses, then the defendant
could, by the same token, be said to have an equivalent proprietary interest
in the Deposit by virtue of cll 13 and 14. This was of course illogical and
unlikely to have accorded with the parties’ intent as set out in the terms of
the MOA. I was not persuaded therefore that the claimant had shown a seriously
arguable case of proprietary interest in the Deposit.

57 The claimant’s arguments pertaining to whether there was a serious issue to
be tried and the balance of convenience were similarly plainly grounded in
substance on the claimant’s fear or suspicion that the Deposit was at risk of
being dissipated. I accepted the defendant’s submission that there was no
serious issue to be tried, particularly when the same arguments as those
raised in CA 2/2022 were being repeated in substance in this application. The
Court of Appeal had already rejected the claimant’s arguments as to risk of
dissipation. Pending the release of full grounds for the Court of Appeal’s
decision, the matter could be wholly res judicata or would at least give rise
to issue estoppel. I found that the balance of convenience did not lie in
favour of the claimant as it had not shown that it would suffer irreparable or
irremediable prejudice if the injunction was not granted.

Conclusion

58 For the reasons set out above, the application was dismissed. In summary,
the claimant had not succeeded in showing why the court’s jurisdiction under s
12A of the IAA ought to be invoked in aid of the ongoing arbitration
proceedings in London.

59 The claimant was in effect seeking a second bite of the cherry to obtain a
Mareva injunction under the guise of an application for a proprietary
injunction. The application was misconceived and a clear abuse of process,
thereby attracting the extended doctrine of res judicata. The defendant was
compelled at short notice to defend an application which was little more than
an attempt to go behind the Court of Appeal’s decision in CA 2/2022 allowing
the defendant’s appeal and setting aside the Mareva injunction that had
initially been ordered. Despite the Court of Appeal having categorically found
that the claimant had not provided solid evidence of the risk of dissipation
of the Deposit, essentially the same arguments as to risk of dissipation were
raised again in this application, in a vexatious attempt to relitigate the
issue where no relevant new evidence was placed before the court.

60 Having regard to the established American Cyanamid principles, the claimant
did not have a seriously arguable case founded on a proprietary interest, and
the balance of convenience did not lie in favour of the grant of an
injunction. I found that the claimant’s various arguments were unmeritorious
in all respects.

61 In the circumstances, after hearing the parties’ submissions on costs, I
was satisfied that it was appropriate to order the claimant to bear the
defendant’s costs on an indemnity basis. I ordered costs against the claimant
fixed at $35,000 all-in.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Goh Kok Leong, Daniel Tan An Ye and Nicholas Say Gui Xi (Ang & Partners) for
the claimant;

Tan Zhengxian Jordan and Leong Hoi Seng Victor (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed), Edgar Chin Ren Howe and Ch’ng Cheng Yi Samantha (Ascendant Legal
LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Dec 2022 (17:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

