Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 27

Civil Appeal No 119 of 2021

Between

| Michael Joseph Millsopp  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Then Feng  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

  
In the matter of Suit No 1104 of 2019

Between

| Michael Joseph Millsopp  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Then Feng  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Civil Procedure — No case to answer]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Millsopp, Michael Joseph

  

v

  

Then Feng

[2022] SGHC(A) 27

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 119 of 2021  
Woo Bih Li JAD, Quentin Loh JAD and Hoo Sheau Peng J  
13 July 2022

13 July 2022

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is the appellant’s appeal against the decision of a judge of the High
Court (General Division) (“the Judge”) to dismiss all of his claims against
the respondent for misrepresentation, breach of contract, conversion and
unjust enrichment.

2 On or around 7 February 2019, the appellant had transferred a sum of
£1,571,394.13 (“the Funds”) to a Singapore bank account held by Ling Capital
Pte Ltd. The transfer itself was not disputed but the nature of the agreement
between the parties, pursuant to which the Funds were transferred, is
disputed. In his pleaded case, the appellant, alleged that he had entered into
a foreign exchange services agreement with the respondent (“FX Agreement”),
under which the respondent was to convert the Funds into US dollars (“USD”)
within 48 to 72 hours after receiving them, and remit the same to a designated
UK bank account after deducting the respondent’s commission. The respondent
denied having entered into any FX Agreement with the appellant and contended
that the Funds had instead been transferred as an interest-free loan to be
repaid in British pounds (“GBP”) to the appellant’s UK bank account, and that
the respondent was merely to coordinate this loan in return for a fee. In any
event, the Funds or their equivalent were not returned to the appellant, and
the appellant thus commenced proceedings against the respondent.

3 At the close of the appellant’s case at trial, the respondent made a
submission of “no case to answer” and gave the required undertaking not to
adduce evidence. The respondent’s “no case to answer” submission was upheld by
the Judge, who found that all of the appellant’s claims were premised on the
agreement between the parties being an FX Agreement, and that the appellant
had failed to prove the FX Agreement on the evidence before the court.
Accordingly, the Judge dismissed the appellant’s claims.

4 Having considered the parties’ arguments before us, we are of the view that
the appellant has not shown that the Judge had erred in his conclusion. In our
judgment, the appellant’s entire pleaded case is inextricably intertwined with
his characterisation of his agreement with the respondent as an FX Agreement.
This is an essential factual premise of the appellant’s pleaded case.

5 This is not disputed for the appellant’s claim based on breach of contract.
Turning to the appellant’s misrepresentation claim, this is premised on the
respondent having made certain false representations which (as pleaded at
paras 6, 7 and 9 of the appellant’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated
5 July 2021 (“the SOC”)) centred around the respondent providing his foreign
exchange services to convert the appellant’s GBP to USD at a preferential
rate. The appellant alleges that these representations induced him to enter
into the FX Agreement and transfer the Funds to the respondent. Hence, the
appellant’s misrepresentation claim is also premised on the existence of the
FX Agreement.

6 The FX Agreement is also an essential premise of the appellant’s conversion
and unjust enrichment claims, as presented by the appellant. We note that in
his Appellant’s Case for the appeal, the appellant argues that the existence
of the FX Agreement is pure background and is not a necessary legal element of
an action in conversion (or unjust enrichment). However, the appellant’s
conversion claim as pleaded at para 33(b) of the SOC is premised on his having
the right to immediate possession of the Funds due to the respondent acting in
a manner repugnant to the terms of the FX Agreement by causing the wrongful
withdrawal, utilisation or transfer of the Funds, and thereby terminating the
FX Agreement. Importantly, this is reinforced by what the appellant’s counsel
admitted during his oral closing submissions before the Judge, when he said
that the conversion claim was “based on the [t]ransaction being an FX
Agreement”.

7 We turn now to the appellant’s unjust enrichment claim, which is premised on
two unjust factors: mistake of fact and total failure of consideration. The
relevant mistake, as pleaded at para 38(a) of the SOC, was the appellant’s
mistaken belief in the truth of the respondent’s representations. As we have
noted, these representations centred around the alleged agreement between the
parties being an FX Agreement. As for the aspect of the unjust enrichment
claim based on failure of consideration, the appellant contends that para
38(b) of the SOC encompassed “two independent routes to liability”, with one
being dependent on the agreement between the parties being voidable and
rescinded because of the respondent’s fraudulent misrepresentation (such that
it is the absence of the agreement that is a key factor), and the other being
a free-standing claim premised on the tort of conversion. Paragraph 38(b) of
the SOC reads:

There is a total failure of the consideration for the transfer of the Funds by
the Plaintiff [ie, the appellant], because the FX Agreement is voidable and
has been rescinded by the Plaintiff in consequence of the 1st Defendant’s [ie,
the respondent’s] fraudulent misrepresentation, and/or the 1st Defendant had
caused the Funds to be wrongfully withdrawn and/or utilised or transferred and
converted to his own use.

[emphasis added]

8 We are unable to accept the appellant’s submission based on para 38(b) of
the SOC. The words of this paragraph cannot be taken in isolation, and must
instead be read in the context of the rest of the appellant’s pleaded case on
unjust enrichment. Even if the first “route to liability” depended on the
absence of the FX Agreement (rather than its validity or continued existence),
it would be premised on the Funds having been transferred by the appellant on
the basis of the FX Agreement which then failed to materialise. Further, the
difficulty with the second “route to liability” is that it rests on the
appellant’s conversion claim, which – for the reasons we have earlier
explained – is itself premised on the FX Agreement and is not free-standing as
argued. Thus, based on the way the appellant has presented his case in his
pleadings, the FX Agreement is indeed an essential premise of the unjust
enrichment claim.

9 Furthermore, the positive case advanced by the appellant regarding the
nature and terms of the parties’ operative understanding or arrangement in
relation to the transfer of the Funds was based on the FX Agreement, and the
appellant did not initially pursue any alternative version of events (or any
alternative understanding) of why the Funds were transferred. It was only in
the appellant’s oral closing submissions before the Judge that his counsel
raised the argument that, if the court was not satisfied that the agreement
between the parties’ agreement was prima facie an FX Agreement, it could
alternatively deal with the agreement as a pure remittance agreement which did
not include any obligation for the respondent to convert the Funds from GBP to
USD, and that the court should order the respondent to repay the Funds on this
basis. We agree with the Judge that the appellant cannot now be permitted to
rely on this alternative case, which was advanced only after the respondent
had made his “no case to answer” submission at trial. The appellant refers to
part of para 8(b) of the SOC to argue that he had pleaded an alternative claim
based on a remittance agreement. However, para 8(b) refers to both a foreign
exchange aspect and a remittance aspect, and it states that the respondent
“would convert the Funds to USD (at a preferential rate which the [appellant]
now cannot recall pending discovery and/or interrogatories in this action) and
remit the same to the UK” [emphasis added]. Furthermore, we agree with the
Judge that the appellant did not refer to a remittance agreement simpliciter
in his pleadings or when he advanced his case below, up until his oral closing
submissions before the Judge. If, as the appellant contends, the “central
question” in this case is indeed whether the respondent had promised to remit
the Funds to the appellant’s UK bank account in either GBP or USD, then it is
puzzling that this assertion was nowhere to be found in his own pleaded case.

10 Therefore, at the hearing below, the appellant did not advance the case
that the FX Agreement was pure background for the claim on conversion. Nor did
he argue that his claim on unjust enrichment was based on a free-standing
allegation in conversion. It is too late for the appellant to now argue, at
the appeal stage, that absent any loan agreement, the respondent’s act of
taking the Funds and benefitting from them is the gist of the tort of
conversion and also the claim in unjust enrichment.

11 The case that the respondent had to meet was that there was an FX Agreement
between the parties. It was in response to this assertion that the respondent
made his submission of “no case to answer”. The legal framework that applies
in a civil case where a defendant makes a submission of “no case to answer” is
generally not disputed by the parties, and was most recently clarified by the
Court of Appeal in Ma Hongjin v SCP Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 304 (“Ma
Hongjin”). The starting point is that the legal burden always lies on the
plaintiff in a civil case to prove its case against the defendant on a balance
of probabilities: Ma Hongjin at [24] and [27]. Where a defendant makes a
submission of “no case to answer”, the plaintiff’s legal burden of proving its
case on a balance of probabilities will be discharged if he satisfies the
court that there is a prima facie case on each of the essential elements of
his claim: Ma Hongjin at [32]–[33].

12 We are cognisant of the principle that, in assessing whether the plaintiff
has established a prima facie case, “the court will assume that any evidence
led by [the plaintiff is] true, unless it [is] inherently incredible or out of
common sense” (Lena Leowardi v Yeap Cheen Soo [2015] 1 SLR 581 (“Lena
Leowardi”) at [24]). However, as the Court of Appeal explained in the same
case, the test of whether there is no case to answer is whether the
plaintiff’s evidence at face value establishes no case in law or whether the
evidence led by the plaintiff is “so unsatisfactory or unreliable that its
burden of proof has not been discharged” (Lena Leowardi at [23]; see also Lim
Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1004 at [206] and
[209]). The appellant suggested that these two parts of Lena Leowardi raised
two different approaches and that the latter was part of the submissions from
a party. Hence, the court should adopt the former approach. However, the
latter is indeed part of the Court of Appeal’s decision in Lena Leowardi, in
which both “approaches” are mentioned at [23]–[24] without distinction. In
other words, even though a court will assume that any evidence led by the
plaintiff is true in evaluating a submission of “no case to answer”, this is
subject to the qualification that his evidence is not inherently incredible,
out of common sense, unsatisfactory or unreliable. Furthermore, at [24] of
Lena Leowardi, the Court of Appeal cited with approval the case of Relfo Ltd
(in liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani [2008] 4 SLR(R) 657 (“Relfo”) at
[20], where again both “approaches” are mentioned without distinction. Relfo
also cites Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 10 (Butterworths Asia, 2006
Reissue) (“Halsbury’s”) at para 120.025 which states that the evidence is
subjected to a minimal evaluation, as opposed to a maximal evaluation. Again,
Halsbury’s mentions that evidence that is manifestly unreliable should be
excluded. The court must therefore consider all the evidence before it in
determining whether the plaintiff has succeeded in establishing a prima facie
case.

13 In the present case, based on all the evidence before the Judge, the
appellant has not shown that the Judge erred in finding that his evidence was
unsatisfactory and unreliable so that he had failed to establish a prima facie
case that there was any FX Agreement between the parties. For example, the
WhatsApp messages between the relevant individuals from February to June 2019
do not support, and indeed are inconsistent with, the appellant’s case. None
of these messages indicate that the original agreement or understanding
between the parties was that the Funds would be transferred by the appellant
to the respondent for the latter to convert them from GBP to USD before
sending them back to the appellant’s UK bank account. Nor was there any
indication that the appellant had intended and expected all along to
eventually receive the Funds in USD. Although there are some messages which
refer to the Funds being converted to USD, it seems to have been only in April
2019, when the appellant had yet to receive the Funds after nearly two months,
that the appellant suggested that the Funds be remitted in USD instead.
Likewise, when the appellant’s reference – in his telephone call with the
respondent on 19 June 2019 – to the respondent “convert[ing] [the Funds] to US
dollars” is viewed in the light of the parties’ preceding messages, it seems
clear to us that what the appellant meant was that even after the respondent
had said he would convert the Funds to USD in lieu of performing his primary
obligation of transferring the Funds in GBP, this payment still was not made.

14 Accordingly, the Judge did not err in concluding that the appellant’s
evidence was “unsatisfactory and unreliable” and did not rise to the level
where the evidential burden would shift to the respondent to show that the
Agreement was not an FX Agreement. The appellant has therefore not discharged
his burden of proof. In these circumstances, where the appellant has failed to
establish his own positive case even on a prima facie basis, the Judge was
under no obligation to fill in the gaps in the appellant’s case.

15 As for the appellant’s argument that an adverse inference should be drawn
against the respondent for not giving evidence, this is not a valid argument
as the respondent is entitled to make a submission of “no case to answer” in
the circumstances. If the appellant had established a prima facie case against
the respondent, the appellant would not have to urge the court to draw an
adverse inference against the respondent.

16 There is one other point we would like to mention. The appellant’s case was
advanced on the basis that because the respondent’s allegation of a loan was
untrue, it would follow that the appellant’s allegation of the FX Agreement
was true. However, it was not a binary choice: a trier of fact is not bound to
prefer one of the parties’ assertions, and where the state of the evidence is
unsatisfactory, the court may simply find that the plaintiff has failed to
discharge his burden of proving his case on a balance of probabilities (see
Tan Chin Hock v Teo Cher Koon and another and another appeal [2022] SGHC(A) 15
at [31]–[33]). In other words, the court does not have to accept either
allegation or make a finding as to what the actual agreement between the
parties was.

17 The burden of proof is still on the appellant to prove the FX Agreement.
Thus, although there was evidence that the respondent had taken the Funds in
Singapore dollars and in cash, or had played an active role in the withdrawal
of the Funds from the bank account of Ling Capital Pte Ltd, the appellant is
bound by the way he has advanced his case.

18 For these reasons, we dismiss the appeal against the Judge’s decision. We
order the appellant to pay the respondent $2,500 for his disbursements in the
appeal. There is no order on costs as such as the respondent is not legally
represented. The usual consequential orders will apply.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Tay Wei Loong Julian and Wong Wai Keong Anthony  
(Lee & Lee) for the appellant;

The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Jul 2022 (12:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

