Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC(A) 16

Originating Summons No 6 of 2022

Between

(1)| Rodeo Power Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Gorpal Singh Darshan Singh  
(3)| Straits Grid Pte Ltd  
(4)| JS Energy Holdings Limited  
  
… Applicants

And

(1)| Tong Seak Kan  
---|---  
(2)| Kensington Park Holdings Limited  
  
… Respondents

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure — Appeals — Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rodeo Power Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  

Tong Seak Kan and another

[2022] SGHC(A) 16

Appellate Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 6 of 2022  
Woo Bih Li JAD, Quentin Loh JAD and See Kee Oon J  
4 April 2022

19 April 2022

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This is an application for leave to appeal against the decision of a judge
of the General Division of the High Court (“the Judge”) given on 4 February
2022 for four interpleader summonses in respect of competing claims to shares
in various companies (“the Application”).

2 In brief, the respondents, Tong Seak Kan and Kensington Park Holdings
Limited are judgment creditors (“JC”) of the judgment debtor, Jaya Sudhir a/l
Jayaram (“JD”), pursuant to a judgment in Suit No 724 of 2014 (“the Suit”) on
30 January 2019. JC took steps which resulted in the Sheriff of Singapore
(“the Sheriff”) seizing shares in various companies registered in the name of
various persons on the basis that the beneficial owner was JD. In response,
various parties filed formal notices of claim to claim the seized shares (“the
Claimants”). The Claimants are:

(a) Rodeo Power Pte Ltd (“Rodeo Power”);

(b) Gorpal Singh Darshan Singh (“Gorpal”);

(c) Straits Grid Pte Ltd (“Straits Grid”); and

(d) JS Energy Holdings Limited (“JS Energy”).

3 On 29 October 2020, the Sheriff then filed interpleader summonses in the
General Division of the High Court.

4 On 11 May 2021, an Assistant Registrar (“AR”) gave directions on these
summonses for the claims to the seized shares, with JC being the plaintiffs
and the Claimants being the defendants.

5 On 4 February 2022, the Judge gave her decision in favour of JC on the basis
that JD was the beneficial owner of certain shares. The Claimants wished to
appeal against that decision but faced a preliminary point as their stand, for
the purpose of the Application, was that the value of all the shares seized is
less than $250,000. Hence, the preliminary point was whether they required
leave to appeal. The first prayer of the Application was for a declaration
that the Claimants do not require leave to appeal. The second prayer was an
alternative prayer seeking such leave, if leave was required.

6 Under s 29A(1)(b) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“the SCJA”) read with paragraph 2(2)(a) of the Fifth Schedule thereof, no
leave to appeal is required if the claims were required under any written law
to be decided by the General Division in the exercise of its original
jurisdiction.

7 The Claimants conceded that there was no written law requiring their claims
to be decided by the General Division in the exercise of its original
jurisdiction. Instead, the Claimants submitted that this requirement was
implied because the Sheriff had to commence the interpleader summonses in the
General Division in the main action, ie, the Suit. However, in our view, this
did not mean that the summonses had to be decided by the General Division
bearing in mind that the value of all the shares seized was less than $250,000
(which is the jurisdictional limit of the District Court (“the District Court
limit”)).

8 In any event, under s 29(2) of the State Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“the State Courts Act”), the General Division may order any interpleader
proceedings, in which the amount in dispute or value of the subject-matter
does not exceed the District Court limit, to be transferred to a District
Court. The Claimants argued that there was no application by either side for
the interpleader proceedings to be transferred to a District Court and in any
event, no such transfer took place. In our view, this was irrelevant. The
point was that the claims were not necessarily required by law to be decided
by the General Division and s 29(2) of the State Courts Act made this clear.
Therefore, in our view, the exception in paragraph 2(2)(a) of the Fifth
Schedule to the SCJA did not apply and leave to appeal was required.

9 We turn to the substantive merits of the Application, ie, whether leave
should be granted. The three grounds for granting leave to appeal are well
established: there must be (a) a prima facie case of error; (b) a question of
general principle decided for the first time; or (c) a question of importance
upon which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to
the public advantage: see UD Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd v TA Private
Capital Security Agent Limited and another [2022] SGHC(A) 3 at [21].

10 In the present case, the Claimants only relied on the first ground (prima
facie cases of error) for its Application for leave to appeal. In Engine
Holdings Asia Pte Ltd v JTrust Asia Pte Ltd [2021] SGHC(A) 14 at [10], this
court noted that the general principle is that the prima facie error must be
one of law and not of fact, though “[i]t may be that in exceptional
circumstances leave to appeal may also be granted if there is an error of fact
which is obvious from the record” [emphasis added]. As we shall go on to
explain, we found that this exception was engaged in the present case. In this
regard, we agree with the principles set out in cases such as Essar Steel Ltd
v Bayerische Landesbank and others [2004] 3 SLR(R) 25 at [26] and Bellingham,
Alex v Reed, Michael [2021] SGHC 125 at [100] that leave to appeal may be
granted for errors of fact where such errors are “clear beyond reasonable
argument … [T]he court should not have to delve into the facts in detail”.

11 We were not persuaded by the written submissions of the Claimants to grant
the Application as the matters complained of were not errors of law or on the
face of the record. However, two matters came to our attention, although these
two matters were not raised in the submissions of the Claimants for the
Application.

12 First, it appears that Gorpal is the registered owner of 100,000 shares in
Al-Rafidian Holdings Pte Ltd (“Al-Rafidian”). These shares were seized by JC.

13 However, it transpired that Gorpal was adjudicated a bankrupt under a
Malaysian court order of 17 May 2004 and again on 4 October 2010 prior to the
date of the seizure of the shares by the Sheriff or the Judge’s decision.
Although this fact was raised below, there was apparently no elaboration
whether he had been discharged as a bankrupt up to the time of the Judge’s
decision. At the hearing of the Application before us, his counsel said he was
still an undischarged bankrupt. There was no elaboration below on:

(a) the applicable statutory regime in light of Gorpal’s bankruptcy such as
whether there was statutory recognition of his bankruptcy status in Singapore
and whether anyone, apart from Gorpal and/or JC, should be notified of the
execution proceedings; and

(b) steps (if any) that Gorpal and/or JC needed to take before they could
pursue their respective claims to the Al-Rafidian shares, eg, whether leave of
the court had to be sought first (and if so, from which court) and whether the
consent of the Official Assignee of Singapore (“OA”) and/or the Director
General of Insolvency of Malaysia or the equivalent office in Malaysia had to
be first obtained.

14 We note that s 424(2) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018 (Act 40 of 2018) (“IRDA”), which took effect from 30 July 2020, is in
pari materia with s 152(2) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“BA”).
Regardless of whether the applicable law is the IRDA or the BA, it appears
that where a person is adjudged a bankrupt by a court in Malaysia, the
bankrupt’s property in Singapore vests in the Official Assignee appointed by
the government of Malaysia and all courts in Singapore must recognise the
title of such Official Assignee to such property. Again, there was no
elaboration below on the applicability of either of these provisions and their
effect.

15 Finally, it was important that, as the parties confirmed before us, the OA
was not notified of the execution proceedings and given an opportunity to
address the court on the shares held by Gorpal.

16 The second matter concerns a group of shares of which the registered
shareholding structure is as follows:

(a) Johnathan Jaya Sudhir (“Johnathan”) is the registered shareholder of the
sole share in JS Energy. He is JD’s son.

(b) JS Energy is the registered shareholder of all 1,000,000 shares in Straits
Grid.

(c) Kundadak Ramesh Kudva is the registered shareholder of all 52,700,002
shares in Rodeo Power but he has executed a declaration of trust dated 4 March
2013 which states that he holds those shares on trust for Straits Grid.

(d) Rodeo Power is one of two registered shareholders in Summit Energy Pte Ltd
(“Summit Energy”), each holding one share.

17 According to the oral judgment of the Judge, it was not disputed that the
shares in Summit Energy, Rodeo Power and Straits Grid are beneficially owned
by JS Energy. The question before the Judge was whether Johnathan or JD is the
beneficial owner of the one share in JS Energy. JC contended that the
beneficial owner is JD. The Judge decided that JD is the beneficial owner.

18 It seems to us that there may have been a confusion between beneficial
ownership and control. If JD were the beneficial owner of the share in JS
Energy, he may control the other companies down the line. However, that does
not necessarily mean that he is the beneficial owner of the shares down the
line as each company is in law a separate legal entity. Hence, it appears that
JC was wrong to proceed to seize those shares if JD is, at most, the
beneficial owner only of the share in JS Energy. This is all the more so as it
appears that JC does not dispute that JS Energy is the legal and beneficial
owner of the shares in Straits Grid, Straits Grid is the beneficial owner of
the shares in Rodeo Power, and Rodeo Power is the legal and beneficial owner
of one share in Summit Energy.

19 Furthermore, Johnathan was not a party in the proceedings below. Neither is
he a party to the Application. It appeared that:

(a) JC had seized only the shares in Summit Energy, Rodeo Power and Straits
Grid but not the share in JS Energy. The three companies are incorporated in
Singapore whereas JS Energy is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

(b) Johnathan did not file a formal notice of claim for the share in JS Energy
even if he did file an affidavit to explain the shareholding structure in
various companies.

20 In such circumstances, there appears to be an error on the face of the
record in respect of the first matter. The OA should at least have been
alerted to JC’s execution proceedings and Gorpal’s status as a bankrupt under
a Malaysian court order and given an opportunity to address the court below on
any further steps to be taken before the court decides on the ownership of the
shares held by Gorpal in Al-Rafidian.

21 As for the second matter, there appears to be an error on the face of the
record in the AR’s directions for two reasons. First, if JD is, at most, the
beneficial owner only of the share in JS Energy, then JC was not entitled to
seize the other shares down the line. Hence the AR should have dismissed JC’s
claim to the shares seized except for the shares in Al-Rafidian.

22 Secondly, it appears that his directions were intended to and did encompass
the share in JS Energy as the beneficial ownership of that share was in issue
between the parties. However, that share had not been seized. Also, Johnathan
had not filed a formal notice of claim for it. Hence the directions should not
have extended to the share in JS Energy. Consequently, there also appears to
have been an error on the face of the record when the Judge decided that JD is
the beneficial owner of that share even though it was not seized and Johnathan
was not a party before her.

23 In the circumstances, we dismissed the first prayer and granted the second
prayer which was to grant the Claimants leave to appeal against the decision
of the Judge. Costs of the Application were reserved to the court hearing the
substantive appeal. The JC was to notify the OA of the execution proceedings
regarding the shares claimed by Gorpal and his status as a bankrupt under a
Malaysian court order and inform the OA that his presence and assistance on
the matter is requested by the court for the substantive appeal.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division | Quentin Loh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
Mary-Anne Shu-Hui Chua (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP)  
for the applicants;

Josephine Chee and Low Weng Hong  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Apr 2022 (11:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

