Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 80

Originating Summons No 849 of 2021  
(Summons No 4226 of 2021)

| In the Matter of Section 12A of the InternationalArbitration Act (Cap
143A)AndIn the Matter of Order 69A, Rule 3 of the Rules ofCourt (Cap 322, Rule
5)AndIn the Matter of an Arbitration Agreement betweenPengrui Leasing
(Tianjin) Co Ltd andMilaha Explorer Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
Between

| Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Milaha Explorer Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Arbitration — Interlocutory order or direction — Court’s power — Granting of
injunction order]

[Injunctions — Mareva injunction]

[Injunctions — Discharge — Full and frank disclosure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co Ltd

  
v

  

Milaha Explorer Pte Ltd

[2022] SGHC 80

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 849 of 2021
(Summons No 4226 of 2021)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
23 August, 18 October 2021

8 April 2022

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Pengrui Leasing (Tianjin) Co. Ltd. (“Pengrui”) applied by way of an ex parte
Originating Summons No 849 of 2021 (“the OS”) for a Mareva injunction against
Milaha Explorer Pte. Ltd. (“Milaha”), prohibiting the latter, inter alia, from
removing from Singapore, dealing with or diminishing the value of its assets
which are in Singapore up to the value of US$23,760,473 (the “Sum”). This
included the vessel “Milaha Explorer” (the “Vessel”), the property and
business of Milaha’s business as well as any money in its Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited bank accounts numbered XXX178 (the “HSBC
Account”).

2 On 26 August 2021, the court heard and granted the Mareva injunction in
terms of the OS (the “Injunction Order”). Milaha subsequently applied by way
of Summons No 4226 of 2021 (the “Application”) to set aside the Injunction
Order. The court heard and dismissed the Application.

3 Dissatisfied with the court’s decision, Milaha filed a notice of appeal by
way of Civil Appeal No 118 of 2021 (“CA 118”) to the Appellate Division of the
High Court. This was procedurally incorrect, as the notice of appeal should
have been filed in the Court of Appeal in accordance with s 29C(2) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), read with
para 1(c) of the Sixth Schedule to the SCJA.

4 Realising its error, Milaha applied to transfer CA 118 to the Court of
Appeal. Pengrui objected to this application. Milaha’s application was dealt
with by the appellate court, which directed that CA 118 be transferred to the
Court of Appeal. It was accordingly renamed Civil Appeal No 2 of 2022 (“CA
2”).

5 In the light of CA 2, the court now sets out its reasons for making the
Injunction Order and dismissing the Application.

The facts

6 The facts set out below are extracted from the affidavits and exhibits filed
in the OS. Pengrui’s version of events is found in the affidavits filed by
Zhang Xiao Cong (“Zhang”), who is also known as Watson, in particular, his
first and third affidavits (“Zhang’s first affidavit” and “Zhang’s third
affidavit” respectively). Milaha’s version of events is detailed in the sole
affidavit filed by Frederick Charles Chambers (“Chambers”).

7 Pengrui is a company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China and is
engaged in the business of the ownership and leasing of ships. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Zhang Xiao Cong’s affidavit dated 3 September 2021 (“Zhang’s 1st Affidavit”)
at [6].

Milaha is incorporated in Singapore and it principally provides ship-
chartering and oilfield service equipment rental services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 33 (exhibit ZXC-1, ACRA search on Milaha).

Milaha owns the Vessel, a Singapore-registered self-propelled offshore
construction jack-up barge that was built in 2016. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [7].

Milaha’s ultimate beneficial owner is a Qatari company, Qatar Navigation
Q.P.S.C. (“Qatari Navigation”) which is listed on the Qatari stock exchange. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions at [118].

8 On 31 May 2021, Milaha entered into a memorandum of agreement (the “MOA”)
under the amended Norwegian Saleform 2012 with Pengrui, whereby it agreed to
sell the Vessel to Pengrui at the price of US$26m (the “Sale Price”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 101–113 (exhibit ZXC-1, MOA).

9 The relevant clauses under the MOA are in brief terms, as follows:

(a) under clause 2, a deposit of 20% of the purchase price amounting to
US$5.2m (“the Deposit”) was payable to Milaha within ten banking days after
execution of the MOA by the parties which would be 15 June 2021;

(b) under clause 3, a payment of the balance purchase price (together bunkers,
lubrication and hydraulic oil and other expenses) was due on delivery of the
Vessel;

(c) under clause 4, Pengrui had the right by 10 June 2021, to inspect the
Vessel’s classification records and decide whether they were acceptable;

(d) under clause 5, the Vessel would at Milaha’s option, be delivered to
Pengrui at a safe anchorage at Lube Freeport, Equatorial Guinea, Africa.
Notice of Readiness (“NOR”) would not be tendered by Milaha before 28 June
2021 while the cancelling date would be 12 July 2021;

(e) under clause 8 (“the completion clause”), completion of the sale of the
Vessel would take place when in exchange for the balance purchase price,
Milaha provided inter alia the following documentation:

(i) three copies of the original bill(s) of sale in a form recordable in
Pengrui’s nominated flag state free of encumbrances, maritime liens or any
other debts;

(ii) a class maintenance or declaration of class certificate issued within
three banking days prior to delivery;

(f) under clause 11, the Vessel would be at Milaha’s risk until she was
delivered to Pengrui;

(g) under clause 13 (“the buyer’s default clause”), should the deposit not be
paid in accordance with clause 2, Milaha had the right to cancel the MOA
immediately and Pengrui would be liable to pay compensation to Milaha. Should
the balance price not be paid in accordance with clause 3, Milaha would be
entitled to cancel the MOA and forfeit the deposit together with any interest
earned thereon;

(h) under clause 14 (“the seller’s default clause”), should Milaha fail to
give NOR in accordance with clause 5 or fail to complete the legal transfer
under clause 8, Pengrui had the option to cancel the MOA in which event the
deposit (with accrued interest) would be released to Pengrui immediately; and

(i) under clause 16 (“the arbitration clause”), any dispute between the
parties would be referred to arbitration in London.

10 By way of an addendum dated 8 July 2021 (“Addendum No 1”), 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 119 (exhibit ZXC-1, Addendum No 1).

a new clause 26 was added to the MOA. Clause 26 states:

Once [Milaha] have received the copy of the conditional payment SWIFT MT199,
[Milaha] shall sail the Vessel from port of Limbe in Cameroon to port of Luba
in Equatorial Guinea and deliver the Vessel to [Pengrui] in Luba, and [Milaha]
shall also before delivery provide the copy of the delivery documents 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See [9(e)] supra.

required by [Pengrui] including but not limited to the class certificates,
bill of sale etc, in accordance with the MOA for [Pengrui’s] review and
acceptance after receipt of the conditional payment SWIFT MT199.

Amendments were also made to clauses 3 and 5 of the MOA.

11 Pengrui did not pay the deposit by 15 June 2021 due to “procedures involved
with foreign exchange control and anti-money laundering” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [11].

but eventually paid the deposit on 27 June 2021. Although Milaha was entitled
to exercise the buyer’s default clause under clause 13 of the MOA, it did not
do so. Instead, Milaha accepted the late payment as reflected in an email from
Milaha’s agent Axis Marine Services (“Axis Marine”) to Pengrui’s broker Wang
Zuo Peng James (“Wang”) dated 30 June 2021, confirming receipt of the deposit.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 118 (exhibit ZXC-1, Email from Wang dated 30 June
2021).

12 On 28 July 2021, Milaha tendered the two days’ advance NOR via an email
from Chambers 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Zhang 1st Affidavit at p 122 (exhibit ZXC-1, Email from Chambers dated 28 July
2021).

to Zhang. In his email reply to Chambers on the same day, Zhang rejected the
NOR. Zhang pointed out that in the absence of a clean class certificate, the
NOR was invalid. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Zhang 1st Affidavit at p 121 (exhibit ZXC-1, Email from Wang dated 28 July
2021).

13 In his first affidavit, Zhang provided the following reasons explaining why
he alleged that the Vessel did not have a “clean class certificate”: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [33]–[46].

(a) In order for the Vessel to be delivered in accordance with the MOA, clause
11 requires that:

11\. Condition on delivery

… the Vessel shall be delivered free of cargo and free of stowaways with her
Class maintained without condition/recommendation*, free of average damage
affecting the Vessel’s class, and with her classification certificates and
national certificates, as well as all other certificates the Vessel had at the
time of inspection, valid and unextended without condition/recommendation by
the Classification Society or the relevant authorities at the time of
delivery.

…

(b) Since 7 June 2021, Zhang had repeatedly requested for documentation to
ascertain and confirm that the Vessel’s class was clean, to no avail. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [34]–[35].

In mid-July 2021, Pengrui was informed by a third party that an underwater
survey conducted in the presence of the classification society, American
Bureau of Shipping (“ABS”), revealed major issues concerning a torn or cracked
spud leg (“the spud leg issue”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [40(a)].

Apparently, on 30 July 2021, ABS had made repair recommendations on the spud
leg issue. Zhang submitted that for the ABS’ recommended repairs to be made,
this required a minimum of 2-3 weeks, not including ABS’ subsequent survey and
finding clearing of the Vessel. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [40(e)].

These recommendations were never disclosed to Pengrui. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [41].

(c) On 5 August 2021, Milaha sent an ABS class certificate issued on 30 July
2021 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 147 (exhibit ZXC-1, ABS Class Certificate).

(“the ABS Certificate”) to Pengrui, which stated:

This is to certify that the above has been surveyed in accordance with the
Rules of this Bureau and entered in the Record with the Class:

However, page 4 of the ABS Certificate also stated:

THIS CERTIFICATE IS NOT A CONFIRMATION OF CLASS.

(d) Zhang was therefore of the view that the ABS Certificate was not a
“Declaration of Class” or a “Class Maintenance Certificate” stipulated under
clause 8(a)(v) as set at [9(e)] above. Pengrui’s view was that the requisite
class certificate was not tendered by Milaha three days before delivery of the
Vessel and the NOR tendered on 28 July 2021 was therefore invalid.

14 Chambers responded the next day asserting that Zhang’s rejection of the NOR
was groundless and not accepted. He added that Milaha expected to receive the
MT199 confirmation within Qatar business hours that same day, in order for
Milaha to commence departure protocols and sailing to Luba. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 120 (exhibit ZXC-1, Chambers’ email dated 29 July
2021).

15 On the morning of 3 August 2021, Zhang was surprised to receive from
Chambers an email attaching another addendum dated 31 July 2021 (“Addendum No
2”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 124 (exhibit ZXC-1, Chambers’ email dated 3 August
2021).

Chambers requested Zhang to sign Addendum No 2 as Milaha had already signed
it.

16 Addendum No 2 contained amendments to clauses 1, 3, 5 and 8 of the MOA, the
deletion of clause 26 as per Addendum No 1 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See [10] supra

and two new clauses 26 and 27.

17 The new clause 26 read as follows:

When the Vessel is physically ready for sailing from Port of Limbe in Cameroon
to port of Luba in Equatorial Guinea. [Milaha] shall give [Pengrui] a three
calendar days in advance, written notice of sailing.

The new clause 27 stated:

Within one banking (1) day of [Milaha’s] issuing the notice of sailing,
[Pengrui] shall share with [Milaha] a copy of the conditional payment SWIFT MT
199 for the balance of the Purchase Price. Once [Milaha] have received the
copy of the conditional payment SWIFT MT199, [Milaha] shall sail the Vessel
from Port of Limbe in Cameroon to port of Luba in Equatorial Guinea and
deliver the Vessel to [Pengrui] in Luba.

18 As far as Zhang was concerned, Addendum No 2 was invalid and had no effect.
Prior to his receipt of the said document, there were no discussions or
negotiations for a further extension of time for the NOR and the cancelling
date. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [22].

Zhang’s position was that the cancelling date had already passed. Hence,
pursuant to the seller’s default clause of the MOA, he gave Notice of
Cancellation on 4 August 2021 by email to Chambers and requested a refund of
the deposit. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [23].

19 On 9 August 2021, Pengrui received a letter from Milaha dated 8 August 2021
(“Milaha’s 8 August letter”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 128 and p 133 (exhibit ZXC-1, Pengrui’s email dated
4 August 2021 and Milaha’s letter dated 8 August 2021).

The letter stated that a meeting between Chambers and Zhang had taken place on
2 August 2021 (“the 2 August 2021 meeting”) where for good and valuable
consideration, the parties had agreed to vary the terms of the MOA on the
following terms (“the amended MOA”):

(a) the sale price would be reduced to US$23m from US$26m;

(b) issues of Class Certificate were resolved;

(c) provisions of Addendum No 1 in respect of clauses 3 (Payment) and clauses
5 (NOR); and

(d) cancelling date extended to 12 August 2021.

The letter further stated that Pengrui had purportedly reneged and refused to
sign Addendum No 2, which was a mere formality, that Milaha had signed and
sent to Pengrui on 3 August 2021. Milaha accused Pengrui of having no
intention to perform the amended MOA. Milaha requested Pengrui to confirm by 9
August 2021, 7.00am Doha time that it intended to perform the amended MOA,
failing which Pengrui would be in breach of the terms (as amended).

20 Zhang deposed he had no knowledge of, let alone attended, the 2 August 2021
meeting. He asserted that on that day, he was in Nantong, China, for a
business meeting during the day that was completely unrelated to this matter.
On the night of 2 August 2021, he attended a dinner and entertainment session
with his client. He did not attend any meeting with Chambers on 2 August 2021.
Neither did he attend any such meeting the day before or after. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [24].

21 Consequently, on 10 August 2021, Pengrui responded to Milaha’s 8 August
letter (“Pengrui’s 10 August letter”). Pengrui, inter alia, denied there were
any discussions between Zhang and Chambers or that there was an amended MOA or
that there was the 2 August 2021 meeting. Pengrui repeated its demand for the
return of the deposit. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [26].

22 To reinforce Zhang’s disavowal of the 2 August 2021 meeting, Pengrui
procured an affidavit from its broker Wang which was filed on 7 October 2021.
The contents of Wang’s affidavit will be dealt with later 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See [42] infra

when the court considers Milaha’s version of events. At this juncture, it
suffices to say that Wang supported Zhang’s claim that Zhang did not have any
discussion(s) or meeting with Chambers on 2 August 2021.

23 Milaha responded to Pengrui’s 10 August letter on 12 August 2021 (“Milaha’s
12 August letter”), 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 136–138 (exhibit ZXC-1, Milaha’s letter dated 12
August 2021).

raising further allegations against Pengrui (which Zhang asserted were untrue)
and which again referred to the 2 August 2021 meeting. Zhang was not only
alarmed that in the letter Milaha stated that it had exercised the buyer’s
default clause to cancel the MOA, but also by the following statement: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 138 (exhibit ZXC-1, Milaha’s letter dated 12 August
2021 at [9]).

Further, TAKE NOTICE that pursuant to Clause 13 of the MOA, Sellers are now
free to sell the Vessel to other buyers.

24 Pengrui through Zhang responded to Milaha’s 12 August letter on 16 August
2021 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 140–141 (exhibit ZXC-1, Pengriu’s letter dated 16
August 2021).

denying the latter’s allegations. In response to Milaha’s statement that it
had exercised the buyer’s default clause, Pengrui replied as follows:

As to paragraphs 8 and 9 of your letter, the Sellers have no entitlement
whatsoever to cancel the MOA and have no right to exercise Clause 13 of the
MOA. The Seller is reminded of the notice of cancellation given by the Buyer
by email on 4 August 2021 which is reiterated in Buyer’s letter of 10 August
2021 and demands the Sellers compliance with its obligations in Clause 14 of
the MOA to immediately return the deposit to the Buyer with interest.

After consulting its lawyers, Pengrui filed the OS ten days later.

25 In support of the Application, Chambers filed his affidavit on 16 September
2021. Notably, Chambers is not an employee of Milaha but is a Vice President
of Milaha Group, a Qatari Public Shareholding Company. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Chambers’ Affidavit dated 8 September 2021 (“Chambers’ Affidavit”) at [1].

26 Chambers alleged that Pengrui had failed to make full and frank disclosure
of all material facts in applying for the Injunction Order and the same should
therefore be discharged or set aside. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [8]-[9].

27 Besides himself, Zhang and Wang, Chamber identified other parties relevant
to this dispute as follows: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [10].

(a) Ravi Kumar, Pengrui’s broker from Axis Marine and

(b) Ankul Trivedi (“Ankul”), Milaha’s broker from Lightship Chartering DMCC
(“Lightship”).

28 Chambers clarified that the discussions and negotiations that took place
between the parties (himself and Zhang) on or around 29 July 2021 and on 2
August 2021 were by teleconference and not physical meetings. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [13].

Chambers categorized the alleged non-disclosures by Zhang into three
categories: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [14].

(a) with respect to the background and context of the parties’ discussions and
negotiations which resulted in Addendum No 1, including, critically, what the
two days’ advance NOR meant (“Non-disclosure 1”);

(b) the purported issues with the Vessel’s class and spud leg which were not
concealed by Milaha but was discussed with Pengrui (“Non-disclosure 2”); and

(c) Zhang’s blatant untruth in asserting that he did not attend the 2 August
2021 meeting which led to the agreed terms in Addendum No 2 (“Non-disclosure
3”).

29 With respect to Non-disclosure 1, Chambers explained that Milaha decided to
grant Pengrui some leeway in relation to the deadline to make payment of the
deposit out of goodwill. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [19].

However, this also raised concerns about Pengrui’s financial stability. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [20].

Pengrui had requested, on or about 8 July 2021, that Milaha deliver the Vessel
at a later date, on 26 July 2021, citing the process of obtaining a loading
permit in the Port of Luba as the reason. In addition to this, the heavy lift
vessel, the “OHT Osprey” (the “OHT”) that Pengrui had chartered for the Vessel
was not ready to take the Vessel by the cancelling date of 12 July 2021. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [23].

Milaha however had grave concerns over the Vessel remaining at the agreed
place of delivery in the Port of Luba, as there were reports of hijackings of
vessels in the area. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [24].

30 To minimize the risk of a hijack if the Vessel continued to remain at Luba
for the duration requested by Pengrui, Milaha changed its obligation to tender
NOR when the Vessel was at the Port of Limbe in Cameroon, so that the Vessel
need not remain at Luba. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [24].

31 The change led to the amendment of clauses 3 and 5, which were reflected in
Addendum No 1. Instead of requiring that the delivery of the Vessel be made no
later than ten banking days after the date that NOR had been given, the
timeline was changed to two banking days. For clause 5, the cancelling date
was changed from 12 July 2021 to 30 July 2021. Another change to clause 5 was
on the giving of the NOR. The following words in the original clause 5

When the Vessel is at the place of delivery and physically ready for delivery
in accordance with this Agreement

was accordingly changed to:

(b) When the Vessel is at the place of port of Limbe in Cameroon and
physically ready for sailing from Port of Limbe in Cameroon to port of Luba in
Equatorial Guinea, the Sellers shall give the Buyers a two-days in advance
written Notice of Readiness for delivery.

32 Chambers explained that because clause 5 was amended to require an advance
written NOR, Pengrui’s obligation to pay the balance of the purchase price was
amended from outright payment to Milaha’s bank account following the tendering
of the NOR to conditional payment by way of a SWIFT MT199. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [28].

33 As for Non-disclosure 2, Chambers deposed that around 12 July 2021, Milaha
was informed by Ankul of Lightship that Pengrui would agree to accept the
Vessel with ABS’ class recommendation in return for a price reduction of
US$750,000 from the purchase price of the Vessel. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [31(a)].

Chambers responded on the same day, clarifying that there were no hull plates
replacement or repair works required. As far as Chambers was aware, the issue
raised by Pengrui was resolved in April 2021, even though it was still listed
as outstanding by ABS in July 2021. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [31(a)(ii)].

However, Pengrui refused to accept Chambers’ explanation. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [31(a)(iii)].

34 Pengrui raised the class issue again on or about 22 July 2021 through an
email from Lightship and requested for a discount to cover its current losses
for expenses it incurred, which included the cost of chartering the OHT. In
this regard, Zhang had emailed Wang on the same day, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 144 (exhibit ZXC-1, Email from Wang dated 22 July
2021).

indicating that Pengrui wanted Milaha to reduce the purchase price by around
US$3 to US$4m. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [31(b)].

35 On 26 July 2021, Chambers forwarded (via Lightship) an excerpt of email
received from ABS to Pengrui stating that the alleged hull issues had been
considered closed. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [31(c)].

As for the spud leg issue, Chambers understood that the repairs would not be
significant. The repairs could be done while the Vessel was onboard the OHT.
Bearing in mind the potential demurrage that Pengrui may incur in relation to
the OHT, Chambers offered to bring forward the advance NOR so that Pengrui
could take the Vessel earlier to avoid incurring demurrage. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [31(d)].

He was also prepared to give a discount on the purchase price to factor in the
cost of repair of the spud leg.

36 As Chambers did not hear back from Pengrui on the proposal described in
[35] above, Chambers notified Pengrui on 27 July 2021 that Milaha would be
tendering the advance NOR on 28 July 2021 and upon receipt of MT199, Milaha
would mobilise the Vessel to sail for delivery to the Port of Luba. Due to his
concerns regarding Pengrui’s financial stability, Chambers suggested extending
the cancelling date to 5 August 2021. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [34].

To save time, Chambers prepared Addendum No 2, which reflected the extended
cancelling date and was signed by Milaha. Chambers forwarded Addendum No 2 to
Pengrui on 27 July 2021. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [35].

37 Pengrui did not respond to Addendum No 2. Instead, on 28 July 2021, Pengrui
issued a seller’s notice of default and demanded the return of the deposit. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [36].

Chambers responded by inviting Pengrui to execute the Addendum No 2 and
followed up with tendering the two days’ advance NOR, which was rejected by
Pengrui on the same day. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [38].

38 On 29 July 2021, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [39].

parties attended a conference call. The persons present at the conference call
were Chambers and Milaha’s broker, Walter van Aarde, while Pengrui was
represented by Zhang. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [39].

During the conference call, Milaha agreed to discount the purchase price of
the Vessel by US$1m on condition that:

(a) Pengrui accepted the Vessel “as is”;

(b) Pengrui would provide MT199 no later than 2 August 2021 at 2.00pm Doha
time;

(c) the cancelling date would be extended to 5 August 2021; and

(d) the parties would execute a new addendum on 30 July 2021.

39 On 1 August 2021, Pengrui rejected Milaha’s terms in [38] that had been
relayed through Lightship and instead, asked for a discount of US$8m on the
purchase price, together with a clean certificate of class and a new
cancelling date. Chambers was not amenable to this, given the minor issues
with the vessel and requested Lightship to arrange a conference call to
discuss the next steps. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [40].

The conference call was arranged on 2 August 2021.

40 Chambers accused Zhang of misleading the court (both in his first affidavit
and by Pengrui’s counsel at the hearing of the OS) in denying Zhang’s
attendance at the 2 August 2021 meeting. Chambers confirmed that the
conference call was attended by himself, Walter van Aarde and one Mrs Nishana
Macksood on behalf of Milaha, while Zhang represented Pengrui. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [41].

41 Chambers confirmed that the parties agreed to the terms of the amended MOA
at the 2 August 2021 meeting, which was also reflected in his email of the
same date to Ankul/Lightship 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at p 68 (exhibit FC-1, email from Chambers dated 2 August
2021).

. Apart from those set out at [19] above, the key terms agreed to were as
follows:

(a) Addendum No 2 to be signed by 2 August 2021;

(b) Addendum No 2 to be dated 30 July 2021;

(c) Milaha would provide condition-free class certificate within 24 hours of
the signed Addendum No 2;

(d) three calendar days’ sailing notice to be provided by Milaha,
provisionally on 7 August 2021;

(e) MT199 to be provided by Pengrui within one banking day of the sailing
notice;

(f) one day’s NOR to be provided by Milaha when in Luba provisionally 10
August 2021;

(g) intended delivery date to be 11 August 2021;

(h) class certificate to be dated 30 July 2021; and

(i) balance payment of US$17.8m to be made on closing.

42 At this juncture, it would be appropriate to refer to Wang’s affidavit that
the court had earlier alluded to at [22] above. In his affidavit, Wang deposed
that he was the broker who acted for Pengrui in the sale and purchase
transaction between the parties. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [1].

He pointed out that Chambers was wrong to refer to Kumar of Axis Marine as
Pengrui’s broker. It was Wang and not Kumar who acted as Pengrui’s broker. As
far as he was aware, Kumar acted for Milaha. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [6]–[7].

43 Wang further disclosed that it was he and not Zhang who represented Pengrui
at both conference calls on 29 July and 2 August 2021. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [9].

He confirmed that Pengrui did not know and was not informed of the conference
calls until 3 August 2021, when the draft Addendum No 2 was sent by Chambers
to Zhang. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [10].

44 On or around 22 July 2021, Pengrui discovered the pending ABS
recommendation over the spud leg issue and instructed Wang to clarify the
condition of the spud leg with Milaha. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(c)].

Wang did not receive any clarification from Milaha. Instead, on 28 July 2021,
Milaha via Chambers sent the NOR directly to Zhang, which Zhang rejected. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(i)].

45 Wang was aware that Pengrui was greatly concerned, for if the Vessel was
not delivered to Pengrui, the latter would be liable for breach of its
downstream contract with OHT and would be liable to liquidated damages of at
least US$12m. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(e)].

By the cancelling date of 30 July 2021, neither Wang nor Pengrui knew the
status of the spud leg issue. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(f)].

46 Wang deposed that around 26 July 2021, he decided to take the initiative to
salvage the deal. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(g)].

His correspondence with Milaha, along with the 2 August 2021 meeting resulted
in Addendum No 2 which Chambers sent to Zhang on 3 August 2021. It was only
then that Wang spoke to Zhang to update him on Addendum No 2. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(h)].

Unfortunately, Pengrui did not agree to Milaha’s offer on the spud leg issue
and Pengrui served the Notice of Cancellation on Milaha on 4 August 2021. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(i)].

47 Wang added that after the Notice of Cancellation was served, he received no
further instructions from Pengrui, save for a request on 5 August to obtain
from Milaha the ABS survey status report and to ascertain if there were any
pending class conditions vis-à-vis the Vessel. Wang duly passed this request
on to Milaha. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(j)].

As Pengrui had cancelled the MOA and Wang was no longer instructed, Wang
sought to broker a deal between Milaha and a new buyer, as he was aware there
were other potential buyers of the Vessel in Tianjin. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Wang’s Affidavit at [12(k)].

48 The facts in [7] to [47] outline the state of the affidavits when the
Application was heard.

The submissions

Pengrui’s arguments

49 Pengrui’s arguments for the Injunction Order centred on the tests laid down
by the Court of Appeal in Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar and another v Accent
Delight International Ltd and another and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 558
(“Bouvier”), namely whether:

(a) there a valid cause of action over which the Court has jurisdiction;

(b) Pengrui as the plaintiff has a good arguable case on the merits as per the
test in American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd [1975] AC 396 (“American
Cyanamid”);

(c) Milaha has assets within jurisdiction; and

(d) there is a real risk that Milaha will dissipate its assets to frustrate
the enforcement of an anticipated judgment of the court or tribunal.

Pengrui submitted that all of the requirements were satisfied in this case.

Milaha’s arguments

50 Milaha on the other hand alleged that Pengrui had failed to give full and
frank disclosure of material facts and therefore, the Injunction Order should
be discharged. As alleged in Chambers’ affidavit, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See [28] to [41] infra

the gravamen of Milaha’s case was Pengrui’s alleged failure to give full and
frank disclosure via Zhang’s first affidavit. To recapitulate, Milaha
complained that Pengrui failed to:

(a) disclose the background and context of the parties’ discussions and
negotiations that resulted in Addendum No 1, which Pengrui also did not
disclose (Non-disclosure 1);

(b) disclose that the purported issues with the Vessel’s class and the spud
leg issue were matters discussed between the parties and had not been in any
way concealed by Milaha as Pengrui alleged (Non-disclosure 2); and

(c) disclose the discussions and negotiations between the parties which led to
the terms in Addendum No 2, including that Zhang had attended the 2 August
2021 meeting (Non-disclosure 3).

(a) Non-disclosure 1

51 To elaborate on its case, Milaha 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions in SUM 4226/2021 (“Milaha’s Written Submissions”)
at [75].

alleged that Zhang’s first affidavit “vaguely” introduced Addendum No 1 in the
context of the delivery protocol for the Vessel. Although he set out the
clause in the MOA (as amended by the Addendum No 1) for the two days’ advance
NOR, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [13].

Zhang failed to provide the background or context to the parties’ agreement on
that term. Milaha added that the background to the signing of Addendum No 1
was material, as it went towards the validity of the NOR tendered by Milaha.
This was directly relevant to Pengrui’s assertion that the NOR was invalid and
therefore, Milaha had not tendered the NOR by the cancelling date of 30 July
2021. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions at [76].

However, it should be noted that Zhang’s first affidavit did exhibit a copy of
Addendum No 1 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 119 (exhibit ZXC-1, Addendum No 1).

and he referred to the document and to its terms. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [13]–[21].

52 Milaha 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions at [77].

noted that Zhang’s third affidavit 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Zhang’s 3rd Affidavit at [27]–[30].

disputed Chambers’ explanation (at [29]–[31] above) of the agreed meaning of
the two days’ advance NOR. Milaha submitted that this issue, together with the
validity of Milaha’s NOR are matters to be dealt with at the arbitral
proceedings between the parties.

53 Zhang’s third affidavit disputed Chambers’ version of events and set out
Zhang’s interpretation of the two days’ NOR. He pointed out that Chambers
provided no documents to explain how Chambers came to the understanding that
the OHT was not ready to take the Vessel by the cancelling date of 12 July
2021. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Zhang’s 3rd Affidavit at [25].

Zhang deposed that the OHT was in fact, already on her way to the place of
delivery on 7 July 2021 and attached copies of the OHT’s NOR. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Zhang’s 3rd Affidavit at [24].

He added that it made no commercial sense for Pengrui to delay taking the
Vessel, as Pengrui would incur demurrage to the OHT. Zhang asserted that the
reason why the NOR was pushed back to 30 July 2021 was to accommodate Milaha
and to enable Milaha to get the Vessel with clean class. Consequently,
Addendum No 1 was to accommodate Milaha’s needs, and not those of Pengrui. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Zhang’s 3d Affidavit at [24].

(b) Non-disclosure 2

54 In response to Chambers’ allegations relating to the Vessel’s condition and
classification, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Chambers’ Affidavit at [30]–[32].

Milaha submitted that the issue is again, to be dealt with in arbitration. Its
grievance that was relevant to the Application was: (i) Pengrui’s “calculated
averments to mislead the court into thinking that there were concealments” by
Milaha and (ii) Pengrui’s failure to disclose the parties’ discussions and
negotiations on the purported issue. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions at [85].

Had it not been for such egregious conduct, it would have been clear to the
court that contrary to Pengrui’s assertions, there was no neglect or deceitful
representation by Milaha, let alone any fraudulent behaviour.

55 Milaha accused Pengrui of intentionally omitting to inform the court of
Milaha’s response to Pengrui’s email of 22 July 2021. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See [34] infra

Chambers’ denied 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

At para 31(c) and (d) and Chambers’ Affidavit at pp 51–52 (exhibit FC-1,
Chambers’ email dated 26 July 2021).

Zhang’s allegation that Milaha concealed the fact that according to the ABS’
register, the Vessel’s class was not clean due to outstanding repair works on
the hull plates and the spud leg issue. Milaha had responded by an email dated
26 July to Ankul of Lightship, referred to at [35] above.

56 Zhang stated that Pengrui was concerned by the spud leg issue. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Zhang’s 3rd Affidavit at [34]–[35].

He deposed that the Vessel, while afloat, needed to be dry docked for the
requisite repairs to be carried out, but there were no suitable dry docks
nearby. This would mean that the Vessel would have to sail to another location
where there was a suitable dry dock before any works could be carried out,
leading to further delay. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Zhang’s 3rd Affidavit at [35].

(c) Non-disclosure 3

57 Chambers alleged that Zhang had failed to disclose to the court his
attendance at the 2 August 2021 meeting where parties negotiated and agreed on
the terms of Addendum No 2. Further, Chambers alleged that Zhang had misled
the court into thinking it was a physical meeting that he did not attend
and/or could not have attended when in reality, the 2 August 2021 meeting took
place over a conference call. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Zhang’s 3rd Affidavit at [43].

58 Zhang denied that he misled the court. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Zhang’s 3rd Affidavit at [49].

Zhang pointed out that Milaha’s letter dated 9 August 2021 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

At [19] infra and Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 133 (exhibit ZXC-1, Milaha’s
letter dated 8 August 2021).

did not make it clear whether the meeting was physical or virtual. Hence, he
assumed that there was a physical meeting that took place, which he did not
attend.

The decision

59 It is trite that an applicant for an ex parte Mareva injunction is required
to give full and frank disclosure of material facts; non-disclosure per se is
not fatal. This principle was enunciated in Multi-Code Electronics Industries
(M) Bhd and another v Toh Chun Toh Gordon and others [2009] 1 SLR 1000 a case
cited by Milaha (and which the appellate court in Bouvier reviewed). 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See [49] supra

This principle was also recently reiterated by the Court of Appeal in JTrust
Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte and Others [2018] 2 SLR 159
(“JTrust”).

60 In dismissing the Application, the court was very mindful of the appellate
court’s pronouncements in Bouvier and in JTrust.

61 It would be appropriate to first set out the arbitration clause under the
MOA which was Pengrui’s basis for applying for the Injunction Order. The
relevant portion of clause 16 titled Law and Arbitration states:

This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English
law and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall
be referred to arbitration in London in accordance with the Arbitration Act
1996 or any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof save to the extent
necessary to give effect to the provisions of this Clause.

The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the London Maritime
Arbitrators Association (LMAA) Terms current at the time when the arbitration
proceedings are commenced. The place of arbitration shall be London, UK. …

62 The title of the OS made reference to s 12A of the International
Arbitration Act 1994 (“IAA”), which states:

Court-ordered interim measures

12A.—(1) This section is to apply in relation to an arbitration —

(a) (a) to which this Part applies; and

(b) irrespective of whether the place of arbitration is in the territory of
Singapore.

(2) Subject to subsections (3) to (6), for the purpose of and in relation to
an arbitration referred to in subsection (1), the General Division of the High
Court has the same power of making an order in respect of any of the matters
set out in section 12(1)(c) to (j) as it has for the purpose of and in
relation to an action or a matter in the court.

…

(4) If the case is one of urgency, the General Division of the High Court may,
on the application of a party or proposed party to the arbitral proceedings,
make such orders under subsection (2) as the General Division of the High
Court thinks necessary for the purpose of preserving evidence or assets.

The court undoubtedly has the power to grant the Injunction Order as a matter
of urgency under s 12A(4) of the IAA and as a prelude to Pengrui’s arbitration
proceedings which have since been commenced. At the hearing, the court was
informed that Pengrui had in August 2021, commenced arbitration proceedings in
London against Milaha.

(a) Non-disclosure 1

63 This first ground of the Application centred on the NOR and parties’
differing understandings of what the two days’ NOR meant. In this regard, the
court had noted that Chambers is English-speaking whereas Zhang affirmed his
affidavits in Mandarin. Zhang’s understanding or misunderstanding could be due
to misinterpretation or incorrect translation issues. The court cannot
determine based on the affidavits whose version and/or understanding of the
revised two days’ NOR is correct. Tellingly, Milaha itself agreed 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See [52] supra

that the disputed NOR is a matter to be determined at the arbitration
proceedings. That being the case, it cannot be said that Pengrui was guilty of
not making full and frank disclosure of material facts.

64 The secondary question to ask is, if indeed the court had been apprised of
the full facts surrounding the change in timelines and duration of the NOR,
would it have affected the court’s decision in granting the Injunction Order?
The answer is that it would not.

(b) Non-disclosure 2

65 It seemed to the court that Milaha had again, overstated the gravity of
Non-disclosure 2. As in the case of Non-disclosure 1, Milaha submitted 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See [54] supra

that it should be left to the arbitral tribunal to decide whether the parties
had resolved the spud leg issue and the Vessel’s repairs to accommodate class
requirements as Milaha had contended, but which Pengrui denied. Again, this
issue pertained to the parties’ understanding. Chambers may well have been
satisfied with the statement of ABS at [35] above, but Zhang clearly was not.
Zhang was also not prepared to accept repairs to the spud leg being effected
while the Vessel was on board the OHT, as finding a suitable dry dock to carry
out the requisite repairs would result in further delays. That did not mean
that Pengrui deliberately concealed the information from the court. It just
meant that each party maintained different stands vis-à-vis the Vessel’s class
requirements in relation to outstanding repairs.

66 It was clear to the court from the parties’ exchange of emails that Pengrui
wanted to use the issue of the Vessel’s necessary repairs for class
requirements to drive a hard bargain and secure a substantial discount of
US$3-4m on the purchase price of the Vessel. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See [34] supra and Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 144 (exhibit ZXC-1, Zhang’s
email to James Wang dated 22 July 2021)

If that surmise is correct, Pengrui cannot be faulted for adopting what would
be considered as standard commercial tactics.

(c) Non-disclosure 3

67 This non-disclosure was the most serious of the three alleged by Milaha. In
essence, Milaha accused of Zhang of lying when he deposed he did not attend
the 2 August 2021 meeting and had not agreed to Addendum No 2. Based on Wang’s
affidavit, the court was of the view that Zhang did not lie.

68 In this regard, it is noted that the first paragraph of Milaha’s letter
dated 8 August 2021 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See [29] supra and Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 133 (exhibit ZXC-1, Milaha’s
letter dated 8 August 2021).

states:

We write further to the formal meeting of 02/08/2021 between our Mr. Frederick
Chambers, Vice President – Procurement and your Mr. Watson Zhang wherein for
good and valuable consideration, the Parties agreed and varied the following
terms of the MOA, among others as particularized in the attached Amendment No
2, were varied:- …

69 Not only Zhang, but the court thought that the reference to “formal
meeting” in the excerpt set out at [68] above referred to a physical meeting.
It was only from Chambers’ affidavit that the court understood that the
meeting was by way of a teleconference. Since the meeting was a
teleconference, Chambers could hear but not see, the participants. He could
not see Wang at the teleconference of 29 July 2021 or at the 2 August 2021
meeting. He assumed (wrongly) that Zhang attended both meetings when it was
Wang who did so on Pengrui’s behalf. Chambers and/or Milaha did not and could
not challenge Wang’s affidavit that he was Pengrui’s attendee at both
meetings, not Zhang.

70 That being the case, Zhang did not lie or mislead the court when he deposed
that he knew nothing of the 2 August 2021 meeting nor did he agree to Addendum
No 2 – he saw the document for the first time when Chambers forwarded it to
him on 3 August 2021, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 124 (exhibit ZXC-1, Chambers’ email dated 3 August
2021).

when it had already been pre-signed by Milaha.

71 Chambers on the other hand assumed (again, wrongly) after the 2 August 2021
meeting that because Zhang (or so he thought) had attended the 2 August 2021
meeting and the earlier meeting on 29 July 2021, the parties had reached
consensus on all matters that were discussed. Hence, Chambers signed Addendum
No 2 on Milaha’s behalf and forwarded the document to Zhang. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See [15] supra and Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 126–127 (exhibit ZXC-1,
Addendum No 2).

However, Wang, as Pengrui’s attendee and broker, deposed in his affidavit that
he could not have agreed to the terms or signed Addendum No 2 without first
clearing it with Zhang. When he subsequently attempted to obtain Zhang’s
approval, Zhang rejected the document.

72 Consequently, there was no failure by Zhang to disclose the 2 August 2021
meeting as he did not attend the teleconference or participate in the
discussions that resulted in Addendum No 2.

(d) Was there a real risk of dissipation of assets?

73 The final prong in Milaha’s attack on the Injunction Order was that Pengrui
had not shown by solid evidence or objective facts that there was any risk,
let alone a real risk of dissipation of assets by Milaha.

74 The court noted that Zhang had exhibited an ACRA search (“the Search”) 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 33–38 (exhibit ZXC-1, ACRA search on Milaha).

on Milaha, a special purpose company incorporated for the purpose of owning
the vessel. As Pengrui submitted, the Search showed that Milaha has a paid-up
capital of $50,000 and its sole shareholder is another Singapore company
called Milaha Offshore Holding Company Pte. Ltd. (“Milaha Offshore”). Although
Zhang had deposed that Milaha’s ultimate owner is Qatari Navigation, this was
not reflected in the Search.

75 The annual report of Milaha for the year ended 31 December 2019 was also
exhibited in Zhang’s first affidavit. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 202–233 (exhibit ZXC-1, 2019 Annual Report of
Milaha).

It was noted therefrom 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 210 (exhibit ZXC-1, 2019 Annual Report of Milaha).

that as of 31 December 2019, Milaha suffered accumulated losses totalling
US$12,148,259. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 212 (exhibit ZXC-1, 2019 Annual Report of Milaha).

Under the header “Going Concern”, the auditors stated:

The Company is in a deficit shareholder’s fund of US$12,111,787 (2018: USD
11,007.480) and its current liabilities are in excess of current assets by USD
16,503,397 (2018: USD 14,322,540) as at 31 December 2019. Notwithstanding, the
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis because the
ultimate holding company has undertaken to provide the Company with continuing
financial and other support as is necessary to enable the Company to continue
its operations and to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due.

76 Nothing was mentioned about Milaha Offshore in any document, save that
Zhang’s first affidavit had exhibited an ACRA search on this company. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 234–236 (exhibit ZXC-1, ACRA search of Milaha
Offshore).

It was noted therefrom that its paid-up capital is S$50,000 and its
shareholder is a Qatari company called Milaha Offshore Support Services LLC.
Again, Qatari Navigation did not feature in the company’s shareholdings.

77 Pengrui’s claim against Milaha is for its loss estimated at US$23,760,473
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [57].

based on seven items in its alleged losses totalling US$49,686,397. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at [56].

Included in the breakdown was the deposit as well as two items, namely item 6,
being a design fee of US$341,085 paid to Desail Offshore & Marine Engineering
Co. Ltd. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 171 (exhibit ZXC-1, remittance advice).

and item 8, which comprised liquidated damages amounting to US$12,345,679 for
the breach of a ship leasing contract dated 25 March 2021 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 186–199 (exhibit ZXC-1, the ship leasing
contract).

(“the ship leasing contract”) made between Zhongtian Technology Ocean
Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Zhongtian”) and Nantong Brightsea Offshore Engineering
Co., Ltd. (“Nantong”).

78 Under the ship leasing contract, Nantong had tentatively leased the Vessel
to Zhongtian for one year from 30 April 2021 to 30 April 2022, at RMB14m per
month, which sum equates to S$2.8m (on an exchange rate of RMB5.00 to S$1.00).
Under Article 2 of the ship leasing contract, delivery of the Vessel to
Zhongtian was to take place at Rudong Port, Jiangsu. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 186 (exhibit ZXC-1, the ship leasing contract).

Under Article 9.2.2, should Nantong unilaterally terminate the ship leasing
contract, it had to pay Zhongtian RMB50m as the penalty and if the penalty sum
was insufficient to compensate for Zhongtian’s actual losses, Zhongtian may
file a further claim. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp 190–191 (exhibit ZXC-1, the ship leasing
contract).

79 Nantong had in turn entered into a separate contract on 10 June 2021 with
Pengrui to lease the Vessel from Pengrui (“Nantong’s lease”) 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 173 (exhibit ZXC-1, Nantong’s lease).

in order to perform the ship leasing contract “downstream”.

80 Due to the dispute between Pengrui and Milaha and the cancellation of the
MOA, the resultant non-delivery of the Vessel to Pengrui caused Pengrui to be
in breach of Nantong’s lease. This in turn, caused Nantong to breach the ship
leasing contract. Consequently, Nantong passed “upstream” to Pengrui its
liability to Zhongtian, pursuant to Article 9.2.2 of the ship leasing
contract.

81 In addition, Pengrui had a charter agreement for the OHT. Due to the
present dispute and the non-delivery of the Vessel to Pengrui, this rendered
the charter useless and Pengrui was out-of-pocket in having to pay the
termination fee and the demurrage to OHT.

82 Milaha submitted that the fact it is a special purpose vehicle and a one-
ship company in itself is no evidence of risk of dissipation (citing UCO Bank
v Golden View Maritime Pte Ltd [2003] SGHC 271 and Quek Jin Oon v Goh Chin
Soon [2020] SGHC 246). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions at [117].

Milaha added that Pengrui knew that Milaha’s ultimate owner is Qatari
Navigation, a listed company in Qatar.

83 The court has set out earlier at [74] to [76] its observations on the ACRA
searches conducted on Milaha and its sole shareholder, Milaha Explorer. If not
for the continued financial support by its ultimate holding company (according
to its auditors), Milaha would be insolvent. It is cold comfort to a creditor
to be told that a Qatari listed company is the ultimate shareholder of its
debtor when the parent company is not shown to be a shareholder of the debtor
as in this case. Hence, Milaha’s submission that “[Pengrui] is fully aware
that [Milaha] is ultimately owned by Qatari Navigation, a Qatari public
company traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange’’ is neither here nor there. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions at [118].

Should Pengrui succeed in the arbitral proceedings, Pengrui would still be at
the mercy of Qatari Navigation as to whether it wishes to bail out Milaha and
meet Milaha’s legal obligations.

84 What the court did note was Milaha’s letter dated 12 August 2021 to Pengrui
that stated: 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p 138 (exhibit ZXC-1, Milaha’s letter dated 12 August
2021 at [23] infra).

Further, TAKE NOTICE that pursuant to Clause 13 of the MOA, Sellers are now
free to sell the Vessel to other buyers.

[emphasis in original]

As such, nothing could be clearer as to Milaha’s intentions. This fulfils the
requirement of “solid evidence” to demonstrate that there is a real risk of
dissipation of assets (Bouvier at [36]). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See Bouvier at [36] quoting from Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v
Pratiwi Shipping SA [2003] 1 SLR(R) 157

Bearing in mind Milaha’s own admission that Milaha is a special purpose
vehicle and a one-ship company, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions at [117(a)] and [118].

there was reason for Pengrui to fear that if it succeeded in the arbitral
proceedings, its award would be rendered nugatory if the Vessel was sold.

85 Milaha also cited 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Milaha’s Written Submissions at [125].

Bouvier (at [66]), where the Court of Appeal said:

…. the existence of a real risk of dissipation must be assessed independently
from the prospect of the plaintiff’s eventual success (or failure) in
establishing an allegation of dishonesty. …

[emphasis in original]

86 Applying the above principle to this case, the court disregarded Pengrui’s
(hotly contested) allegations of fraudulent conduct on the part of Milaha and
focused on the issue of what would happen should the Vessel be sold – Pengrui
would have no prospect of recovery should it ultimately succeed in the
arbitral proceedings.

87 In this regard, the court had inquired of Milaha’s counsel at the hearing
as to whether Milaha would provide security if the court were to grant the
Application. He responded that he would take his client’s instructions and
added that his client had no plans to sell the Vessel. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Notes of Evidence dated 18 October 2021 at p 27.

If they did, they would pay the entire proceeds into court. However, Milaha’s
counsel did not subsequently revert on the court’s inquiry nor on his
statement on his client’s intentions. Had Milaha offered security, the court
would have discharged the Injunction Order without more.

Conclusion

88 Contrary to Milaha’s arguments, the court was of the view that based on
American Cyanamid principles, Pengrui had a good arguable case. At this
preliminary stage, it was not for the court to determine what Pengrui’s
likelihood of success is in its arbitration proceedings against Milaha. Even
if the court had accepted Milaha’s version of facts relating to the three
alleged non-disclosures, it would not have made any difference to the outcome
of the OS – the Injunction Order would still have been granted.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge  
---  
  
Henry Li-Zheng Setiono (Ang & Partners) for the applicant;

Edgar Chin Ren Howe and Samantha Ch’ng Cheng Yi (Ascendant Legal LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Apr 2022 (12:16 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

