Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 206

Suit No 692 of 2021 (Summonses Nos 1092 and 1856 of 2022)

Between

| Sophie Shen (formerly known as Sophie Luo)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Xia Wei Ping  
---|---  
(2)| Li Zhe  
(3)| Alpheus Management Limited  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Conflict of Laws — Jurisdiction]

[Conflict of Laws — Natural forum]

[Civil Procedure — Service — Service out of jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shen Sophie

  
v

  

Xia Wei Ping and others

[2022] SGHC 206

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 692 of 2021 (Summonses Nos 1092
and 1856 of 2022)  
Goh Yihan JC  
10 August 2022

29 August 2022 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 In HC/S 692/2021 (“Suit 692”), the plaintiff, Ms Sophie Shen, sued the
defendants over their alleged misappropriation of her rightful share to the
sale proceeds of a company called Western Water Corporation (“WWC”).

2 In connection with Suit 692, there are two applications before me, namely,
HC/SUM 1092/2022 filed on 18 March 2022 (“Summons 1092”) and HC/SUM 1856/2022
filed on 17 May 2022 (“Summons 1856”). Given the similarity of the orders
sought and the consistency of the facts, both Summonses were fixed to be heard
before me in the same sitting. As such, I dealt with both Summonses
collectively and heard counsel for the first and third defendants together.

3 Summons 1856 is the first defendant’s application for the following primary
orders:

(a) An order to set aside the service of the Writ of Summons dated 13 August
2021 (“the Writ”) on the first defendant, and/or a declaration that the Writ
has not been duly served on the first defendant pursuant to O 12 rr 7(1)(a)
and 7(1)(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”);

(b) An order that paragraph 14 of the Order of Court HC/ORC 4728/2021 dated 20
August 2021 (“ORC 4728”) be discharged/set aside pursuant to O 12 r 7(1)(c) of
the ROC; and

(c) An order that ORC 4728 be discharged/set aside in so far as it prevents
the first defendant from dealing with any of his property pursuant to O 12 r
7(1)(f) of the ROC.

4 Summons 1092 is the third defendant’s application for the following primary
orders:

(a) A declaration that the Writ has not been duly served on the third
defendant pursuant to O 12 r 7(1)(b) of the ROC;

(b) An order that paragraph 14 of ORC 4728 giving leave to the plaintiff to
serve the Writ on the third defendant out of jurisdiction be discharged
pursuant to O 12 r 7(1)(c) of the ROC and consequently that the orders made to
prevent any dealing with any property of the third defendant in the ORC 4728
be discharged pursuant to O 12 r 7(1)(f) of the ROC.

5 For ease of exposition, I briefly discuss the content of the plaintiff’s
claim in Suit 692, as well as the procedural history that led to Suit 692 and
the Summonses before me.

The relevant background

The parties

6 The plaintiff is a citizen of the United States of America (“US”). She is,
by her case against the defendants, the beneficial owner of around 70% of the
shares in WWC. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 4 October 2021 (“SOC”) at [1].

WWC was incorporated under the laws of Samoa. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at [2].

7 The first defendant, Mr Xia Wei Ping, is also a US citizen and the
plaintiff’s younger brother. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at [1] and [3]; Affidavit of first defendant dated 20 May 2022 (“D1’s
Affidavit”) at [1].

The second defendant, Mr Li Zhe, is a citizen of Antigua and the first
defendant’s nephew. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at [1]; D1’s Affidavit at [10].

The third defendant, Alpheus Management Ltd, is a company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at [5]; Affidavit of Rina Charles dated 6 April 2022 (“D3’s Affidavit”) at
[5].

The third defendant’s registered agent as required under BVI company law is
Vistra (BVI) Limited (“Vistra”). Accordingly, the third defendant’s registered
office is Vistra’s address. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

D3’s Affidavit at [5].

The legal representative of the third defendant, Ms Rina Charles, is an
Australian citizen. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

D3’s Affidavit at [1].

The plaintiff’s claim in Suit 692

8 By the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 4 October 2021
(“the SOC”), the first defendant is the founder of WWC, which was incorporated
in 2002 under the laws of Samoa. WWC’s primary business is the construction
and operation of wastewater treatment facilities in China. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at [7].

9 The first defendant provided the initial capital injection into WWC of
around US$500,000. However, the plaintiff alleges that this was insufficient
for WWC to commence operations. The first defendant therefore approached the
plaintiff for financial assistance. The plaintiff then invested about US$1.2m
into WWC. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at [8].

10 Notwithstanding her investment, the plaintiff alleges that the first
defendant never issued any share certificates to her. The first defendant
allegedly assured the plaintiff that WWC was a family-run business based on
trust and that the plaintiff was the largest shareholder in WWC. In
particular, the first defendant represented to the plaintiff that she owned
45% of WWC because of her investment. However, the plaintiff disputes this and
avers that she is beneficially entitled to around 70% of WWC based on her
initial capital injection. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at [9].

11 Unbeknownst to the plaintiff, WWC was fully sold to Goldwind International
Holdings (HK) Limited (“Goldwind”) for approximately US$100m (“the Sale
Proceeds”) in 2017. Before this sale, the third defendant took over WWC’s
entire shareholding. This resulted in the second defendant being the only
shareholder of the third defendant, which in turn owned 100% of WWC. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at [10].

12 The plaintiff allegedly only found out about the sale in 2018. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at [12].

She asserts that the sale of the WWC shares to Goldwind was orchestrated by
the defendants without any prior notification to, or consent from, her. The
Sale Proceeds were then deposited into the third defendant’s Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation bank account (“the OCBC Bank Account”) in Singapore. The
plaintiff says that this was done to deprive her of her rightful share of the
Sale Proceeds. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at [11].

13 The plaintiff further alleges that the first and second defendants came to
Singapore in late 2019 to further their conspiracy against her, including
discussing how to further dissipate the Sale Proceeds. The plaintiff avers
that the Sale Proceeds (or part thereof) were transferred to another Singapore
bank account with Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Goldman Sachs”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at [14].

14 Accordingly, the basis of the plaintiff’s claim against the defendants is
that the third defendant owed a fiduciary duty to her in respect of the Sale
Proceeds because of her majority shareholding in WWC. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at [16].

The third defendant has breached its duty to the plaintiff by depriving the
plaintiff of her rights to the Sale Proceeds. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at [19].

Alternatively, the plaintiff alleges that the third defendant has knowingly
dealt with the Sale Proceeds “in an unconscientious and/or unconscionable
manner such that it would be inequitable” to allow the third defendant to
assert beneficial ownership or knowingly retain the Sale Proceeds in a way
that affects the third defendant’s conscience. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at [17].

This, according to the plaintiff, thereby gives rise to a constructive trust
(institutional and/or remedial) over the Sale Proceeds in her favour.

15 Finally, the plaintiff alleges that the defendants all conspired to injure
her by depriving her of her share of the Sale Proceeds. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at [20].

In furtherance of this conspiracy, the defendants and/or their agents or
representatives opened the OCBC Bank Account for the Sale Proceeds to be
unlawfully transferred into. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at [21].

Procedural history

16 Having set out the plaintiff’s claim in Suit 692, it is helpful to recount
the procedural history leading not only to Suit 692 but also to the Summonses
before me at present.

The US Proceedings

17 The plaintiff filed the first complaint in the Superior Court of California
in the County of Santa Clara in Case No 18CV326555 on 13 April 2018 (“the 2018
Complaint”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of Chan Michael Karfai dated 17 May 2022, Exhibit CMK-1 (“CMK’s
Affidavit”) at [12].

This was a complaint against the first defendant and other persons unknown to
the plaintiff for carrying out the acts in the complaint for nine causes of
action. It is not necessary to set out the causes of action and it suffices to
say that they concern the first defendant’s alleged misrepresentations and
various breaches of duties in his capacity as a director and purported
majority shareholder of WWC.

18 The plaintiff eventually withdrew the 2018 Complaint because the first
defendant had purportedly agreed, by way of a note, to make payment of US$10m
in July 2018 on behalf of the second defendant. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [13]–[14].

19 The plaintiff filed the second complaint in the Superior Court of
California in the County of Santa Clara in Case No 19CV360975 on 30 December
2019 (“the 2019 Complaint”). This was the plaintiff’s complaint against the
first defendant and other persons unknown the plaintiff for 11 causes of
action. The 2019 Complaint was largely similar to the 2018 Complaint save for
two additional causes of action. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [15].

20 The plaintiff then filed a third complaint in the Superior Court of
California in the County of Santa Clara in Case No 20CV366271 on 27 April 2020
(“the 2020 Complaint”). This was a complaint against the same defendants in
Suit 692 for 11 causes of action. Apart from the addition of the second
defendant and third defendant, the 2020 Complaint is largely similar to both
the 2018 Complaint and the 2019 Complaint. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [16].

21 I will collectively refer to the 2018 Complaint, the 2019 Complaint and the
2020 Complaint as “the US Proceedings”.

The China Proceedings

22 On 30 July 2021, about a year after the 2020 Complaint was filed, the
plaintiff filed a court case against the first and second defendants in the
Intermediate People’s Court, City of Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, China (“the
China Proceedings”). While the first defendant was never served with the
relevant court papers, the first affidavit filed by Rina Charles on 6 April
2022 in Summons 1092 reveals that the China Proceedings are over the same
dispute in Suit 692. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

CMK's Affidavit at [18].

23 On 1 March 2022, purportedly at the request of the Chinese court, the
plaintiff applied to withdraw the China Proceedings. The Chinese court allowed
the plaintiff’s application to withdraw on 14 March 2022. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [19].

The Singapore Proceedings

24 Shortly after the plaintiff had started the China Proceedings, she
commenced Suit 692 on 13 August 2021. She also filed HC/SUM 3823/2021
(“Summons 3823”) on the same day. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [20].

25 Summons 3823 was the plaintiff’s application for leave to serve the Writ on
the defendants outside of Singapore. In the Summons 3823, the plaintiff also
sought a worldwide Mareva injunction against the defendants. The Mareva
injunction application sought to prevent the defendants from dealing with
their assets up to the value of US$100m. On 20 August 2021, a Judge granted
the Mareva injunction sought and gave leave to serve out of jurisdiction
(within 30 days of the order) (“Service Out Order”). The Judge’s decision is
recorded as ORC 4728.

(1) Service on the first defendant

26 The plaintiff attempted service on the first defendant in the following
ways. First, on 17 September 2021, the plaintiff instructed US process servers
to effect personal service of the Writ on the first defendant. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Wee Xunji’s Affidavit dated 25 February 2022 (WX’s Affidavit) at [4].

The process server left a copy of the Writ and other supporting documents at
“[US address redacted]” with “Jain Byi” as “Wife and Co-Resident”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [22].

27 On 16 November 2021, the plaintiff filed HC/SUM 5220/2021 (“Summons 5220”)
for leave to effect substituted service of the Writ (which was amended
pursuant to HC/SUM 4835/2021 to amend the first defendant’s name 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [23].

) and other supporting documents “by leaving a copy of the same at [the first
defendant’s] dwelling house in the presence of a member of the household at
least 18 years of age, who shall be informed of the contents thereof, and by
thereafter mailing a copy of the same to [the first defendant] at a place
where a copy of the same were left”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [24].

On 17 November 2021, the General Division of the High Court (“the High
Court”), through a Registrar’s Direction, directed that the plaintiff’s
solicitors file a supplemental affidavit to set out (a) where the first
defendant’s dwelling house is, (b) why the specific method of substituted
service is sought, and (c) an expert’s opinion on how the method of
substituted service does not contravene the laws of the jurisdiction where the
first defendant was located. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [25].

28 Pursuant to this direction, the plaintiff’s solicitors filed an affidavit
on 13 December 2021 stating that the first defendant’s dwelling house address
is “[US address redacted]”. The affidavit also exhibited an expert opinion on
the requirements of substituted service under the laws of California. In this
regard, the expert opined that: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [26].

… it is an accepted practice of substituted service in California where the
server tries for at least three times to serve the summons and complaint in
person at the defendant’s home or office address. On the third attempt, the
server may leave the summons and complaint with an adult member of the home …
After that, the server sends the summons and complaint by first class mail to
the defendant at the address where the substituted service was conducted,
which completes the service.

29 Subsequently, Summons 5220 was allowed by the assistant registrar. The
resulting court order is recorded as HC/ORC 7088/2021. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [29].

30 Following this, the plaintiff attempted personal service on the first
defendant on various occasions in January 2022 at “[US address redacted]”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

WX’s Affidavit at p 7; CMK’s Affidavit at [30].

However, the first defendant avers that he was not at the address at the time
and so was not aware of these attempts. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [31].

The plaintiff’s process server then attempted personal service of the
documents in February 2022 but, as with the attempts in January 2022, the
first defendant was not at the address. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [32]–[33].

31 Eventually, on 25 February 2022, the plaintiff filed HC/SUM 744/2022
(“Summons 744”) for leave to effect substituted service of the Writ, the SOC
and the supporting documents (including ORC 4728, Affidavits filed in Summons
3823, copy of the Order to be made for Summons 744) (“the Summons 744 Service
Documents”) on the first defendant using the following methods: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [34].

(a) posting a copy of the Summons 744 Service Documents on the front gate at
“[US address redacted]”;

(b) mailing the Summons 744 Service Documents by first class registered post
to “[US address redacted]”; and/or

(c) publication of a notice of advertisement in one issue of the “The
Sacramento Bee Newspaper”, an English language newspaper circulating in
California, USA.

32 The High Court then directed the plaintiff, by way of a Registrar’s
Direction on 28 February 2022, to provide certain clarifications. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [35].

The plaintiff provided the following clarifications on 4 March 2022:

(a) that the USA process servers had on 17 September 2021 served the Summons
744 Service Documents by leaving the “papers [with the first defendant’s] wife
instead of [the first defendant] personally” before the order of substituted
service was obtained and before the Writ was amended to reflect the correct
spelling of the first defendant’s name; and

(b) that the aforesaid service, although defective, could be cured since the
first defendant would not suffer any prejudice and that the first defendant
had been duly notified and was fully aware of the proceedings because the
first defendant had instructed solicitors in Singapore to inspect the case
file.

33 The assistant registrar allowed Summons 744 on 4 March 2022. The court’s
order is recorded as HC/ORC 2217/2022 (“ORC 2217”) in the following terms:

(a) service of the Summons 744 Service Documents be effected on the first
defendant by:

(i) posting a copy of the Summons 744 Service Documents on the front gate at
[US address redacted]; and/or

(ii) mailing the Summons 744 Service Documents by first class registered post
to [US address redacted]; and/or

(iii) the time for entry of an appearance in this action by the first
defendant be 21 days after service on him of the Writ (or as may be);

(b) service in the manner aforesaid shall be deemed good and sufficient
service of the Summons 744 Service Documents on the first defendant; and

(c) the aforesaid is subject to the first defendant’s right to set aside or
challenge the propriety of service by way of an application in due course.

34 Subsequently, the plaintiff’s process server on 9 March 2022 mailed the
Summons 744 Service Documents to “[US address redacted]” by way of US Postal
Service Certified Mail. A day later, on 10 March 2022, a notice was left at
that address because there was apparently no authorised recipient present. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [39]–[40].

35 On 11 April 2022, the plaintiff filed a memorandum of service which stated
that the method of service on the first defendant was by US Postal Service
Certified Mail. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [41].

(2) Service on the third defendant

36 On 16 November 2021, the plaintiff filed an ex parte application in HC/SUM
5215/2021 for an extension of time to file her memorandum of service of the
Writ on the third defendant. This was on the grounds that the Writ had been
served by way of courier delivery to the third defendant at its office in the
BVI on 20 September 2021 at 3pm, but the memorandum of service was not filed
in time by 28 September 2021 due to an oversight. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Affidavit of Wee Xunji dated 26 November 2021 at [3].

Pursuant to HC/ORC 6688/2021, the plaintiff was ordered on 30 November 2021 to
file the memorandum of service in respect of the service of the Writ on the
third defendant within seven days by 7 December 2021. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

D3’s Affidavit at [17].

37 On 6 December 2021, the plaintiff filed a memorandum of service stating
that the Writ was served on the third defendant at 3pm, 20 September 2021 at
its BVI registered address by “registered courier”. However, the third
defendant’s position is that it never received the Writ or any supporting
documents relating to Suit 692 at its registered address. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

D3’s Affidavit at [18].

38 On 25 February 2022, the plaintiff filed an application for leave to enter
judgment against the third defendant in HC/SUM 760/2022, on the basis that the
memorandum of service was filed on 6 December 2021 and the third defendant had
not entered appearance. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Affidavit of Wee Xunji dated 4 March 2022 at [6]–[7].

Subsequently, the third defendant found out about the present action and
entered appearance on 4 March 2022 to contest the jurisdiction of the High
Court over this matter. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

D3’s Affidavit at [19].

The parties’ submissions

The plaintiff’s arguments

39 The plaintiff argues that services was properly effected on both the first
and third defendant.

40 In relation to the first defendant, while the plaintiff acknowledges that
there were some hiccups, these were later resolved. In particular, while
instructions were given to the private process server in the US to serve the
Summons 744 Service Documents on the first defendant personally at his home
address, the process server did not follow the instructions and gave the
papers to the first defendant’s wife instead. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff's Written Submissions (“PWS”) at [5].

Subsequent attempts were then made by the process server to serve the papers
on the first defendant which were all unsuccessful, before an order for
substituted service was obtained. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PWS at [6].

The method of substituted service under the order was to mail the court
documents by first class registered post to “[US address redacted]”, and this
complied with California Code of Civil Procedure (US) (1872). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PWS at [7].

41 For the third defendant, the plaintiff says that the court papers were
delivered at its registered address and signed by the third defendant’s agent.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PWS at [12].

The plaintiff argues that leaving these documents at the registered office of
the company would suffice. There was no “official certificate” as the service
was effected by private means and not by any consular, government or judicial
authority. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PWS at [13].

42 Next, on the issue of jurisdiction, the plaintiff submits that Singapore
was the natural forum for the trial of the action. The factor of relevant
witnesses points to Singapore as the arrangement between the plaintiff and
first defendant was a family business, and the only relevant witnesses who can
speak about the issue are their own family members. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PWS at [20].

The governing law of the dispute also points to Singapore. The act of
conspiracy occurred in Singapore, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PWS at [24].

and as the plaintiff’s other claim is based in equity, the choice of law rules
of the lex situs are to apply. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PWS at [21].

There is also a sufficient degree of merit in the claim as the evidence shows
that the predominant purpose of opening the OCBC Bank Account was to deprive
the plaintiff of her sale proceeds and dissipate the same. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PWS at [30].

43 Lastly, the plaintiff submits that she made full and frank disclosure of
the material facts at the ex parte hearing. The plaintiff did not disclose the
China Proceedings as the issues therein related to a separate handwritten note
issue (as mentioned below at [53]). The parties in the China Proceedings were
also different and did not involve the third defendant. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PWS at [27].

All material facts in relation to the US Proceedings were also duly brought to
the court’s attention. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS at [28].

The first defendant’s arguments

44 The first defendant argues that the requirements to obtain leave of court
for service out of Singapore have not been met. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

First Defendant’s written submissions (“D1WS”) at [5].

He submits that the US is the more appropriate forum for the dispute than
Singapore. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

D1WS at [43].

This is because there is a high degree of overlap between the US Proceedings
and Suit 692 as the identities of the parties and issues raised are identical
(amongst other reasons), and the US Proceedings have progressed far ahead. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

D1WS at [44]–[53].

Further, none of the parties in Suit 692 have any connections with Singapore
as they are domiciled, resident or incorporated abroad. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

D1WS at [54]–[55].

The relevant witnesses are also not located in Singapore. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

D1WS at [70]–[73].

45 The first defendant further argues that the place of the tortious cause of
action is in the US (as the lex loci delicti), which would prima facie be the
natural forum for the dispute. The parties involved in the conspiracy have no
connection to Singapore, the place of the alleged acts of conspiracy was not
in Singapore, and the plaintiff did not suffer loss in Singapore. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

D1WS at [56]–[63].

46 The governing law of the causes of action in Suit 692 is also not Singapore
law but Californian law. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

D1WS at [65].

In relation to the conspiracy claim, the lex loci delicti is the place where
the substance of the tort took place, which is California. In this regard, the
first defendant says that the double actionability rule does not apply in
determining the natural forum as it is conceptually distinct from the latter
question. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

D1WS at [66]–[67].

The governing law for the breach of fiduciary duty claims is premised on how
the fiduciary obligation arises. This is based either on the governing law of
the equity sale and purchase agreement of WWC, or the law governing the
plaintiff’s shareholder relationship with WWC, which is WWC’s place of
incorporation – both pointing to the laws of China. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

D1WS at [68]–[69].

I pause to note that there was probably an oversight made by the first
defendant in his written submissions, as WWC was incorporated in Samoa and not
China (see [8] above). Nonetheless, this is not material as both these places
of incorporation points away from Singapore being the natural forum.

47 Further, the plaintiff has failed to demonstrate a good arguable case that
Suit 692 falls within one of the categories in O 11 r 1 of the ROC. At the
outset, the plaintiff did not even address the heads of jurisdiction
requirement in Summons 3823. None of the supporting affidavits filed had
identified the heads of O 11 r 1 of the ROC being relied upon and this was
also not addressed at the ex parte hearing. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

D1WS at [81]–[85].

48 Apart from this procedural irregularity, the first defendant argues that,
substantively, the present claim does not fall within O 11 r 1(f)(i) of the
ROC. The plaintiff has failed to show that she had a good arguable case of a
cause of action in tort and that there is an act or omission committed by the
first defendant in Singapore. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

D1WS at [88].

The documentary evidence shows that the plaintiff was not entitled to the sale
proceeds of WWC and there is no evidential basis that (a) there was any
conspiracy to open the OCBC Bank account in Singapore, (b) that the sales
proceeds were deposited into the OCBC Bank Account, and (c) the first
defendant met the second defendant in Singapore. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

D1WS at [86]–[96].

The head of O 11 r 1(f)(ii) of the ROC also does not apply as the plaintiff
suffered damage in the US instead of Singapore. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

D1WS at [97]–[99].

Lastly, O 11 r 1(o) of the ROC is inapplicable as no restitution-based claim
was being made against the first defendant. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

D1WS at [100]–[104].

Additionally, there is no serious issue to be tried in Suit 692. There is no
foundation to the allegations made for the conspiracy claim, and this was the
case for the breach of fiduciary duty claim as well, since no particulars were
provided. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

D1WS at [105]–[107].

49 In relation to the duty to make full and frank disclosure in ex parte
hearings, the first defendant submits that, with regard to the US Proceedings,
the plaintiff had failed to disclose (a) key overlapping facts underlying the
2020 Complaint, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

D1WS at [113]–[115].

(b) that she took the position that California was the natural forum for the
dispute, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

D1WS at [116]–[118].

and (c) a supplemental brief which stated that the first defendant’s positive
defence was that the plaintiff was not an equity owner of WWC when it was sold
(amongst other defences). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

D1WS at [119]–[122].

The plaintiff also failed to disclose the China Proceedings which had
overlapping issues with Suit 692. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

D1WS at [127]–[133].

50 In relation to the Summons 744 Service Documents, the first defendant
argues that the service should be set aside as it contravened California law,
which is a defect that cannot be cured by the exercise of the Singapore
court’s discretion. In this regard, the first defendant also submits that the
plaintiff failed to comply with the California Code of Civil Procedure (US)
(1872) as the sequence for substituted service was not strictly complied with
and the court documents were not successfully mailed to [US address redacted].
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

D1WS at [136]–[145].

The third defendant’s arguments

51 The third defendant argues that the Service Out Order should be discharged
as it was irregularly obtained. The plaintiff had failed to state in her
supporting affidavit the relevant limbs of O 11 r 1 of the ROC which her claim
came under, and there was also nothing in the affidavits which established why
Singapore was the natural forum for the trial. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Third Defendant’s Written Submissions (“D3WS”) at [25]–[32].

52 Next, the third defendant says that the plaintiff had failed to show a good
arguable case that the claim fell within one or more of the jurisdictional
gateways in O 11 r 1 of the ROC. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

D3WS at [36]–[38].

Regarding O 11 r 1(f)(i) and r (f)(ii) of the ROC, the plaintiff’s allegations
that there is a conspiracy are completely bare and baseless and not supported
by a shred of documentary evidence. There is also contradictory evidence
present against such a conspiracy. The damage, if any, was also likely
suffered in California and not Singapore. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

D3WS at [39]–[51].

The ground of O 11 r 1(o) of the ROC is also inapplicable. The plaintiff had
not established any basis that the third defendant owed a fiduciary duty to
the plaintiff, let alone the scope and content of this duty. The requirements
for an institutional constructive trust to arise were also not met since the
plaintiff has not alleged any facts to show how the third defendant could have
known of any factor(s) that affected its conscience as any beneficial
ownership that she had in WWC was a matter between her and the first defendant
(amongst other reasons). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

D3WS at [52]–[59].

53 The third defendant also says that Singapore was also not the natural forum
for the dispute. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

D3WS at [60].

The plaintiff’s commencement of parallel proceedings in the US and China is a
crucial factor weighing against Singapore being the more appropriate forum for
the trial. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

D3WS at [65].

The US Proceedings had issues which overlapped with Suit 692 and was at the
doorstep of trial. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

D3WS at [68].

There would be a risk of inconsistent findings if the Singapore court assumes
jurisdiction. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

D3WS at [72]–[77].

The China Proceedings were based on essentially the same alleged facts as Suit
692, despite the slight difference in issue about the handwritten note signed
by the first defendant on 25 April 2018 which the plaintiff alleged to form a
legally binding settlement in respect of the dispute (the “Handwritten Note”).
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

D3WS at [78]–[86], [93(h)].

54 Indeed, the third defendant argues that the personal connections of the
parties, location of relevant witnesses and connections to relevant events
also point away from Singapore as being the natural forum. None of the parties
are citizens, residents, or incorporated in Singapore. The potential key
witnesses are also located in the US and/or China. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

D3WS at [87]–[92].

The connections to the relevant events of the dispute took place abroad, such
as the setting up of WWC to operate water projects and contract negotiation
for the sale of WWC from the third defendant to Goldwind. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

D3WS at [93].

55 The third defendant also submits that the governing law of the various
causes of action is not Singapore law. In relation to the tort of conspiracy,
and in contrast from the submissions of the first defendant, the third
defendant argues that the double actionability rule would have to be
considered when considering the governing law of the tort claim, and as for
the equitable claims, the applicable law would be the law governing the
underlying relationship (eg, in contract or tort). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

D3WS at [96].

Accordingly, foreign law (US and/or China) would likely apply. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

D3WS at [97].

Further, the applicable law of certain contractual documents, likely governed
by US or China law, would have an impact on whether the plaintiff has any
subsisting causes of action against the third defendant. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

D3WS at [98]–[101].

These documents consisted of the Handwritten Note which potentially
constituted a settlement absolving the third defendant of liability, and a
purported declaration of waiver document dated 1 August 2019 where the
plaintiff agreed to “forever give up all the claims and rights of the benefits
such as shares or profits of [the third defendant]” (the “Waiver Document”).
91

##### Foot Note 91

×

D3WS at [93(i)].

56 Further, the third defendant argues that the Service Out Order should also
be set aside as the plaintiff failed to give full and frank disclosure of
material facts at the ex parte hearing, in failing to disclose the China
Proceedings commenced by the plaintiff and the existence of the Waiver
Document. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

D3WS at [108].

57 Lastly, the third defendant submits that the Writ and other documents
relating to Suit 692 were not duly served on the third defendant. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

D3WS at [114].

The third defendant has adduced documentary evidence to show that throughout
the whole period, the third defendant had only received documents relating to
the US Proceedings and none pertaining to the Singapore Proceedings. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

D3WS at [115].

Conversely, the plaintiff failed to discharge her burden of showing that the
Writ and/or documents for Suit 692 were validly served on the third defendant
in BVI. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

D3WS at [120].

The relevant issues

58 From the parties’ submissions, although not necessarily ordered as such,
there are essentially two issues in relation to the Summonses. First, whether
the Service Out Order should be set aside for failure to comply with the three
necessary requirements for the Service Out Order to be made in the first
place. There is also the ancillary issue of whether the Service Out Order
should be set aside on the additional ground that the plaintiff had not made
full and frank disclosure of the material facts at the ex parte stage. If the
Service Out Order were to be set aside, it follows that the Mareva injunction
also falls away since it is the Service Out Order that confers the requisite
jurisdiction in the first place.

59 Second, if the Service Out Order is not set aside, whether the service of
the Summons 744 Service Documents was still validly effected. If the service
was not validly effected, then the Writ could still be set aside on the ground
that it had not been duly served on the defendants.

60 I consider each of these issues in turn.

Whether the Service Out Order should be set aside

General overview

61 In general, the extra-territorial in personam jurisdiction of the High
Court is founded on s 16(1)(a)(ii) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969
(2020 Rev Ed). Thus, pursuant to O 11 of the ROC, where a defendant is based
overseas and the High Court’s jurisdiction cannot be established as of right,
the plaintiff can apply for leave to serve on the defendant outside Singapore.
To obtain leave to serve out of Singapore, there are three requirements the
plaintiff must satisfy:

(a) a good arguable case that its claim comes within one of the heads of
jurisdiction (or jurisdictional gateways) under O 11 r 1 of the ROC;

(b) there is a serious issue to be tried on the merits of its claim; and

(c) Singapore is the natural forum for the trial of the action.

In examining these requirements, a court is not to consider them in isolation
but must consider whether its findings in relation to one requirement is
consistent with its findings in relation to the other requirements (see the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Recovery Vehicle 1 Pte Ltd v Industries
Chimiques Du Senegal and another appeal and another matter [2021] 1 SLR 342
(“Recovery Vehicle”) at [51]).

62 In addition to these requirements, given the ex parte nature of the
application to serve out of jurisdiction, the plaintiff is required to give
full and frank disclosure of material facts (see the decision of the Court of
Appeal in Shanghai Turbo Enterprises Ltd v Liu Ming [2019] 1 SLR 779
(“Shanghai Turbo”) at [105]). Accordingly, the plaintiff’s failure to give
full and frank disclosure of all material facts may be a ground to impugn the
Service Out Order, provided that the defendant has not waived its right to
contest the court’s jurisdiction.

63 Since the Writ has purportedly been served overseas on the defendants in
the present proceedings, the first and third defendants are making the present
applications pursuant to O 12 r 7(1) of the ROC to challenge the existence of
the High Court’s jurisdiction. It is important to note that, at this inter
partes stage, the plaintiff still bears the burden of demonstrating the three
requirements discussed above at [61]. As the Court of Appeal held in Zoom
Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 500 (“Zoom
Communications”) at [72], this is considered fair and just because the court’s
exercise of extraterritorial jurisdiction over an overseas defendant is “an
imposition on him … and there is no justice in adding to his troubles the
further burden of proof”. At this stage, in the absence of abuse of process,
the plaintiff may rely on a new cause of action and/or additional O 11 r 1
heads of jurisdiction that was not included in the ex parte application,
without the need to file a fresh originating process in respect of the same
(see the UK Supreme Court decision of NML Capital Ltd v Republic of Argentina
[2011] 2 AC 495 at [74]–[75] as well as the High Court decision of IM Skaugen
SE and another v MAN Diesel & Turbo SE and another [2018] SGHC 123 (“IM
Skaugen (HC)”) at [184]–[189]). But given that the burden is on the plaintiff,
the onus falls on the plaintiff to raise such new causes of action or grounds.
Furthermore, at the inter partes stage, the court can consider subsequent
developments that are relevant to the forum non conveniens analysis and which
occurred after the ex parte leave to serve out of Singapore was granted (see
the decision of the Court of Appeal in MAN Diesel & Turbo SE and another v IM
Skaugen SE and another [2020] 1 SLR 327 (“IM Skaugen (CA)”) at [50]–[55]).

Whether the tort choice of law rules apply

64 Apart from the general observations above, I must also answer a specific
question in relation to the plaintiff’s claims in tort. This concerns the
logically anterior question of whether the tort choice of law rules (ie, the
double actionability rule in Singapore) factors into the analysis for whether
leave should be granted for service outside of jurisdiction. The double
actionability rule has been described as such (see the decision of the Court
of Appeal in JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1
SLR 391 (“JIO Minerals”) at [88]):

The choice of law rule that Singapore courts apply for torts is the double
actionability rule (see Rickshaw Investments ([63] supra) at [53]). The double
actionability rule provides that the tort must be actionable under both the
lex fori and the lex loci delicti. Exceptionally, the double actionability
rule may be displaced such that the tort may be actionable in Singapore even
though it is not actionable under either the lex loci delicti or the lex fori.
The exception may even be applied to provide that the law of a third country
is the applicable law for the tort (see Rickshaw Investments at [56]).

65 The first defendant and third defendant had taken opposing views in their
submissions, with the first defendant arguing that the double actionability
rule being irrelevant in relation to the present proceedings, while the third
defendant asserting that it should be applied (see above at [46] and [55]).
But what is in common to both the first and third defendants is that they
dispute the applicability of the double actionability rule only within the
sub-requirement of whether Singapore is the natural forum for the trial of the
action (the “Natural Forum Stage”), and not whether there is a good arguable
case that the claim comes within one of the heads of jurisdiction under O 11 r
1 of the ROC (the “Jurisdictional Gateway Stage”) (see above for the three
sub-requirements at [61]). At the oral hearing before me, Mr Wee Xunji (“Mr
Wee”) for the plaintiff accepted that the double actionability rule should
apply, contrary to the first defendant’s position. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Minute Sheet at p 2.

The parties’ differing submissions therefore compelled me to consider this
issue carefully.

66 However, being mindful of the scope of the parties’ submissions, I limit my
substantive comments to only the applicability of the double actionability
rule at the Natural Forum Stage. However, quite inevitably, my discussion of
the applicability of the double actionability rule at the Natural Forum Stage
will also touch on its application at the Jurisdictional Gateway Stage.

67 I start with a survey of the relevant cases. Here, there are High Court
authorities in Singapore that seemingly point in both directions. In IM
Skaugen (HC), Vinodh Coomaraswamy J opined that the double actionability rule
is relevant for service out of jurisdiction applications. More specifically,
Coomaraswamy J held that if the tort was committed in a foreign jurisdiction,
the court must take the further step of analysing whether the tort satisfies
the double actionability rule, ie, “that it is actionable both under the law
of the jurisdiction in which the tort was committed, ie, the lex loci delicti,
and also under the substantive law of the lex fori” (at [82]), thereby finding
the double actionability rule applicable at the Jurisdictional Gateway Stage.
This is because the plaintiff cannot establish a good arguable case in tort if
it cannot establish a good arguable case that it satisfies the double
actionability rule (at [85]), and that would be the end of the inquiry.
Further, the double actionability rule was also found to be relevant in
determining the governing law of the tortious claim (ie, the lex loci delicti)
as part of inquiry at the Natural Forum Stage (at [210]).

68 Separately, in the High Court decision of Nippon Catalyst Pte Ltd v PT
Trans-Pacific Petrochemical Indotama and another [2018] SGHC 126 (“Nippon
Catalyst”), Audrey Lim JC observed that the double actionability rule is
irrelevant for service out of jurisdiction applications. This is because the
“rule is conceptually distinct from the question of whether Singapore is the
proper forum … [and] is not intended to assist the court in locating the
proper forum; the object of the rule is one of fairness” (at [60]). Indeed,
Lim JC had rejected the plaintiff’s reliance on the double actionability rule
in that case as it had made the misplaced argument that the rule refers to
Singapore law and thus the natural forum is Singapore. This was misplaced
because, as Lim JC, with respect, rightly points out, the double actionability
rule refers partially to the law of the forum. That, in and of itself,
certainly cannot point to Singapore as the natural forum.

69 But more broadly, the applicability of the double actionability rule
considered in Nippon Catalyst related to the Natural Forum Stage (at [55]),
instead of at the Jurisdictional Gateway Stage (as was done in IM Skaugen (HC)
at [82]). This tracks more closely to disagreement that the first defendant
and third defendant have on the double actionability rule in the present case
(see above at [65]). For completeness, Nippon Catalyst was a case dealing with
O 11 r 1(f)(ii) of the ROC only (at [50]), while IM Skaugen (HC) dealt with
both limbs of O 11 r 1(f)(i) and O 11 r 1(f)(ii) (though it was found that the
double actionability rule was relevant to both limbs at [85]).

70 IM Skaugen (HC) and Nippon Catalyst therefore differ in two ways: (a) the
general applicability of the double actionability rule for service out of
jurisdiction applications, and (b) the specific stage at which to consider the
potential applicability of the double actionability rule (whether at the
Jurisdictional Gateway Stage, the Natural Forum Stage, or both). Technically,
should the double actionability rule be relevant to the issue of whether leave
ought to be granted for service out of jurisdiction, then it would permeate
both the Jurisdictional Gateway Stage and the Natural Forum Stage, albeit for
different purposes. It is relevant at the Jurisdictional Gateway Stage as the
non-justiciability of the tort in Singapore means that there is no good
arguable case that the claim falls within O 11 r 1(f)(i) or O 11 r 1(f)(ii) of
the ROC (unless the flexible exception to the rule were to apply), whereas it
is relevant at the Natural Forum Stage as a finding that the lex loci delicti
is foreign law might point away from Singapore being the natural forum for
trial. Nevertheless, the overall question remains the same: is the double
actionability rule relevant for determining if leave should be granted for
service out of jurisdiction applications?

71 The apparent deadlock between the two High Court authorities has yet to be
broken, though it appears that the general position in Nippon Catalyst has
been favoured in some High Court Registry decisions (see, for example, the
decision of Vibrant Group Ltd v Tong Chi Ho and others [2022] SGHCR 8 at
[33(a)], again only in relation to the Natural Forum Stage). On the other
hand, it appears that some academic authorities take the view that the
Singapore tort choice of law rules do apply at Jurisdictional Gateway Stage
(see, for example, Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 11/1/30), citing IM Skaugen (HC) without
criticism. Thus, Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore – Conflict of Laws Vol 6(2)
(LexisNexis, 2020 Reissue) (“Halsbury’s Laws”) states the following at para
75.054:

It has been held [in IM Skaugen (HC)] that Singapore choice of law rules
applies to determine whether a justiciable tort is made out under Order 11
rule 1(1)(f). It should follow that whether the plaintiff’s claim is in ‘tort’
raises a characterisation question for choice of law …

72 In considering the approach in Singapore, it is useful to consider the
position taken in England. In England, a predecessor rule in Ord 11 r 1(1)(f)
of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1965 (SI 1965 No 776) (UK) required that the
claim be “founded on a tort”. This has been interpreted to require that there
be an actual tort ascertained by reference to rules of English law including
its rules on the conflict of laws (see Adrian Briggs, The Conflict of Laws
(Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2019) at pp 112–113; see also, Dicey, Morris
and Collins on the Conflict of Laws vol 1 (Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) at para 11-215). In this connection, in Metall und
Rohstoff AG v Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Inc [1990] 1 QB 391, the English
Court of Appeal (at p 446) opined that the double actionability rule as laid
down by the House of Lords in Boys v Chaplin [1971] AC 356 was indeed relevant
to the analysis of whether a claim comes under the tort jurisdictional gateway
in Ord 11 r 1(1)(f) (except where the lex loci delicti was already found to be
in England).

73 Treading water in this sea of myriad views, what I have found helpful was
to refer to the commentary made in another academic article. The learned
authors acknowledged that the identification of the lex loci delicti and
application of the double actionability rule in IM Skaugen (HC) might have
been unnecessary, whilst also recognising that it may be sensible to apply it
in any event (see Joel Lee & Joel Leow, “Conflict of Laws” (2018) 19 SAL Ann
Rev 273 at 283):

11.32 … First, it is interesting that the court felt, in the face of a
possible foreign tort, that it had to embark on the substance of the tort test
and the accompanying double actionability analysis before considering the two
limbs of O 11 r 1(f).

11.33 It is possible to argue that this is unnecessary. The language of O 11 r
1(f) does not technically require the identification of the location of the
tort. Order 11 r 1(f)(i) provides for service out where “the claim is founded
on a tort, wherever committed, which is constituted, at least in part, by an
act or omission occurring in Singapore”. Order 11 r 1(f)(ii) provides for
service out where “the claim is wholly or partly founded on, or is for the
recovery of damages in respect of, damage suffered in Singapore caused by a
tortious act or omission wherever occurring”. On the face of it, both limbs
appear agnostic about needing to identify the location of the tort.

…

11.35 Having said that (and putting aside the conceptual criticism that
applying the double-actionability rule is to essentially import a choice of
law rule into a jurisdictional question), from a practical perspective, it may
be sensible for the court to identify the location of the tort and apply the
double-actionability rule now rather than to let the matter pass through at
the jurisdictional stage only to fail the double-actionability rule at trial.

[emphasis added]

I can see the force in applying the double actionability rule at the
jurisdictional stage as it will weed out claims which might eventually fail at
trial. There would be savings of time and costs. The flipside of this,
however, is that there is nothing in the text of O 11 r 1(f) of the ROC which
mandates identifying the lex loci delicti which accompanies the double
actionability rule analysis. Another concern might be that at the
jurisdictional stage, this might require substantial expert evidence on
foreign law to be produced at an early stage to determine whether the tort in
question is also actionable abroad (should the lex loci delicti be foreign
law). Indeed, it is apposite to note at this juncture that in the present
case, there has not been any submissions made whatsoever on the actionability
of the tort in a foreign jurisdiction, and no expert evidence on foreign law
has been produced.

74 In my respectful view, the broad approach in IM Skaugen (HC), that the
double actionability rule is applicable to service out of jurisdiction
applications, should be followed. Apart from the reasons of economy mentioned
above, I note that the location of the place of the tort is useful in aiding
the court to locate the natural forum for the dispute. It is trite that the
place where the tort is committed has residual relevance at the jurisdictional
stage as a good indication of the prima facie natural forum: “for tort claims,
the place of the tort is prima facie the natural forum” unless it was merely
fortuitous (see JIO Minerals at [106]). This means that the court will
ordinarily have to identify the location of the tort in any case in assessing
whether it is the natural forum for the dispute. In fact, while Lim JC
declined to apply the double actionability rule at the Natural Forum Stage in
Nippon Catalyst, regardless, she conducted the necessary pre-requisite
exercise of locating the lex loci delicti when noting that the place of the
tort is prima facie the natural forum for the trial (at [55]–[58]).

75 In so concluding, I must emphasise that I express my views mainly in
relation to the relevance of the double actionability rule at the Natural
Forum Stage, since this is where the first defendant and third defendant, as
well as the plaintiff, have differed in their submissions. Hence, I say no
more about this point in so far as it concerns the application of the double
actionability rule at the Jurisdictional Gateway Stage, and I only return to
mentioning the double actionability rule below at [116]–[122].

Whether the plaintiff has established a good arguable case that her claim
falls within one of the specified grounds of O 11 of the ROC

Overview

76 With the above discussion in mind, I turn to consider the first requirement
for leave to serve out of jurisdiction, which is that the plaintiff must
establish a good arguable case that her claim falls within one of the
specified grounds of O 11 of the ROC.

77 In considering these three heads of jurisdiction relied on by the
plaintiff, I consider that the “arguable case” standard in O 11 of the ROC
requires the plaintiff to have “the better of the argument”, which is more
than “a mere prima facie case, but is different from the standard of a balance
of probabilities given the limits inherent in the stage at which the
application is being heard” (see the decisions of the Court of Appeal in
Vinmar Overseas (Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT International Trading Pte Ltd [2018]
2 SLR 1271 (“Vinmar Overseas”) at [45] and Shanghai Turbo at [49]). In this
regard the court may grapple with questions of law but should not delve into
contested factual issues (see Vinmar Overseas at [46]).

78 Initially, as highlighted by the first defendant and third defendant (see
[47] and [51] above), respectively, none of the affidavits filed by the
plaintiff in support of Summons 3823 identified the relevant grounds under O
11 of the ROC that the plaintiff was relying on. It was only after a
Registrar’s Direction dated 16 November 2021 under HC/SUM 5024/2021 was issued
that the plaintiff’s solicitors filed an affidavit on 29 November 2021
identifying O 11 r 1(f)(i), O 11 r 1(f)(ii) and/or O 11 r 1(o) of the ROC as
the heads of jurisdiction that Suit 692 fell within. These remain the only
grounds raised by the plaintiff. Mr Wee confirmed that he was only relying on
these heads of jurisdiction. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Minute Sheet of 10 August 2022 hearing (“Minute Sheet”) at pp 2–3.

Given that the burden remains on the plaintiff to demonstrate the three
requirements for leave to serve out of jurisdiction, including the relevant
head of jurisdiction, I will confine my consideration to these heads only.

Claim in tort: Act or omission occurring in the jurisdiction

79 The first head of jurisdiction which the plaintiff relies on is that in O
11 r 1(f)(i) of the ROC, which states, “the claim is founded on a tort,
wherever committed, which is constituted, at least in part, by an act or
omission occurring in Singapore”. It is not necessary to demonstrate that
every element of the tort was established in Singapore. Instead, it is
sufficient to show that at least an act or omission occurred in Singapore, and
that the cause of action in tort is founded at least in part on such act or
omission (see Halsbury’s Laws at para 75.050).

(1) The plaintiff’s cause of action in tort

80 It is unclear from the SOC, which had focused on the third defendant’s
breach of its fiduciary duties and/or trust to the plaintiff, what the exact
cause of action in tort is supposed to be. Perhaps, the best hint of this is
at paragraph 20 of the SOC, which states that “the [defendants] had conspired
to injure the [p]laintiff by depriving her of her share of the Share
Proceeds”. Further, at paragraph 21, the SOC provides that “[i]n furtherance
of the conspiracy, the [defendants] and/or their agents and/or representatives
opened [the] OCBC Bank [A]ccount for the Sales Proceeds to then be unlawfully
transferred into”.

81 The clearest intimation of the tortious cause of action that the plaintiff
relies on is found in the plaintiff’s written submissions, where the plaintiff
appears to rely on both lawful means conspiracy and unlawful means conspiracy.
The plaintiff argues that there was a predominant purpose of opening the OCBC
account to deprive her of the WWC sales proceeds, or that the way the OCBC
account was opened was unlawful as it was procured by deceit. At the oral
hearing before me, Mr Wee submitted that the plaintiff was relying primarily
on unlawful means conspiracy as the plaintiff alleged that the opening of the
OCBC Bank Account was an unlawful act due to certain false declarations being
made. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Minute Sheet at pp 3, 8.

(2) Act or omission occurring within jurisdiction

82 The question is whether a good arguable case has been shown by the
plaintiff that an act or omission occurred in Singapore (based on a tort
wherever committed), and that the cause of action in tort is founded at least
in part on such act or omission under O 11 r 1(f)(i) of the ROC.

83 Mr Wee placed heavy emphasis on the fact that the relevant and material act
which occurred in Singapore is the opening of the OCBC Bank Account. However,
Mr Wee candidly conceded at the hearing that there was no documentary evidence
available pointing to the existence of this bank account, and that the
plaintiff only possessed anecdotal evidence. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Minute Sheet at p 2.

The problem here is that the plaintiff cannot simply rely on bare assertions
to be made good later as she still bears the burden of proof at the inter
partes stage (see Zoom Communications at [72]). Further, given that discovery
has already been obtained in the US Proceedings which has progressed much
further, it is rather surprising that the plaintiff’s powder keg remains empty
even until now. If information was still lacking, then, as Mr Nicholas Poon
(“Mr Poon”) and Mr Julian Tay (“Mr Tay”) (who appeared for the first defendant
and third defendant, respectively) argued strenuously, it was certainly open
to the plaintiff to engage in pre-action discovery procedures to gather the
necessary information. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Minute Sheet at p 5.

84 While the plaintiff pleads that the defendants had come to Singapore in
late 2019 to further their conspiracy against the plaintiff and to discuss how
to further dissipate the sale proceeds, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

SOC at [14].

the evidence for this is scant. There is nothing to show that the first
defendant and second defendant met in Singapore. If indeed the plaintiff’s
claim in tort is founded on a conspiracy (whether lawful or unlawful) between
the defendants to cause damage to her, then she bears the burden of showing
that she has good arguable case that her claim falls within O 11 r 1(f)(i) of
the ROC. However, I cannot see such an arguable case based on the affidavits
filed by the plaintiff. There is nothing exhibited in those affidavits that
point to anything more than bare assertions that a tortious act or omission
had taken place in Singapore. Indeed, Mr Wee could not point me to any
material document exhibited in the affidavits that supported the plaintiff’s
assertions. In fact, Mr Poon helpfully highlighted that the first defendant
had only travelled to Singapore once between 2003 and 2020, in December 2019,
but the second defendant was in China during this period, making it physically
impossible for them to have met. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

D1WS at [63].

85 Furthermore, as both Mr Poon and Mr Tay highlighted, the plaintiff’s own
case is contradictory. The plaintiff deposed in her affidavit that the first
and second defendants had travelled to Singapore in late December 2019 and
early January 2020 to discuss the plaintiff’s claims and to discuss possible
actions to transfer the Sale Proceeds to new accounts. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 3 August 2021 (“Plaintiff’s Affidavit”) at [15].

However, if this were the case, it would make no sense for the second
defendant to have told the plaintiff in November 2019 that he was going to
Singapore. That would have unravelled their plot entirely. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

D3’s Affidavit at p 48 at [33] and pp 117–119.

If the purpose was to conceal and secretly dissipate the plaintiff of her
share of the sale proceeds, then, as Mr Poon pointed out, the second defendant
would also not have told the plaintiff in early 2018 that the Sale Proceeds
had been transferred to Singapore, and the second defendant would not have
provided the plaintiff with information regarding the third defendant’s OCBC
Bank Account and Goldman Sachs account in Singapore. I agree with Mr Poon’s
characterisation that this would be a rather curious conspiracy. The
plaintiff’s explanations in her affidavit dated 27 April 2022 also does not
address these contradictions.

86 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff has not made out an arguable case
that her claim falls within O 11 r 1(f)(i) of the ROC.

Claim in tort: Damage suffered in the jurisdiction

87 The second head of jurisdiction which the plaintiff relies on is that in O
11 r 1(f)(ii), which states, “the claim is wholly or partly founded on, or is
for the recovery of damages in respect of, damage suffered in Singapore caused
by a tortious act or omission wherever occurring”. The provision therefore
allows the High Court to assume jurisdiction based on damage suffered in
Singapore.

88 As Professor Yeo Tiong Min (“Professor Yeo”) points out, this sub-rule
identifies two kinds of claims: claims founded on damage and claims for the
recovery of damages (see Halsbury’s Laws at para 75.051). This therefore
reflects difference in the domestic common law between torts where damage is
part of the cause of action and torts where the damage is not. In this regard,
the tort of conspiracy is only actionable on proof of damage. There will be no
basis for recovery if the plaintiff is unable to show that she has suffered
some pecuniary loss.

89 The problem for the plaintiff in relation to O 11 r 1(f)(ii) of the ROC is
that she has not made out an arguable case that she has suffered damage in
Singapore, which is essential in establishing the tortious cause of action to
begin with. The plaintiff pleads in the 2020 Complaint of the US Proceedings
that the “[p]laintiff was harmed by failing to receive her share of dividends
and profit distributions and the proceeds of the sale of WWC and failing to
receive full payment of the $902,000 of loans she provided to WWC”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit at p 32 at [71].

It was also stated that as a result of the actions of the defendants as
alleged conspirators, “their actions would have consequences in California”.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit at p 24 at [9].

By the plaintiff’s own case in the US proceedings, the plaintiff’s loss is
therefore suffered at the location of her bank accounts in the US, and not
Singapore (see also [119] below).

90 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff has not made out an arguable case
that her claim falls within O 11 r 1(f)(ii) of the ROC.

Restitutionary, equitable and other related relief

91 The third head of jurisdiction which the plaintiff relies on is that in O
11 r 1(o) of the ROC, which states, “the claim is a restitutionary one
(including a claim for quantum meruit or quantum valebat) or for an account or
other relief against the defendant as trustee or fiduciary, and the
defendant’s alleged liability arises out of any act done, whether by him or
otherwise, in Singapore”. Two types of claims are referred to: first,
restitutionary claims and second, claims for an account or other relief
against a defendant as trustee or fiduciary (see Halsbury’s Laws at para
75.055).

92 While the plaintiff’s claims are not based in restitution, there are
elements of her claim that allege the defendants to be acting as trustees or
fiduciaries. These are founded on the third defendant’s breach of fiduciary
duties and/or trust in the way it dealt with the Sale Proceeds. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

SOC at [14]–[19].

93 The hallmark of a fiduciary obligation is that the fiduciary is to act in
the interests of another person and must not exploit the relationship for his
own benefit. The fiduciary nature of an obligation would be a conclusion
reached after it was determined that particular duties were owed (see the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another
and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 at [192]–[193]). It appears that the
plaintiff is arguing that fiduciary obligations have arisen as the third
defendant was holding the WWC shares on constructive trust (institutional or
remedial) for the plaintiff. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit at [17].

94 Putting aside the controversial dichotomy between institutional and
remedial constructive trusts (for a fuller discussion under Singapore law, see
Alvin See, Yip Man and Goh Yihan, Property and Trust Law in Singapore (Wolters
Kluwer, 2018) at pp 393–394), the plaintiff has not provided sufficient facts
to show that either a remedial or institutional constructive trust has arisen.

95 In the first place, it is unclear to me if the Sale Proceeds were ever
deposited in the OCBC Bank Account, as alleged by the plaintiff. It appears
that the strongest evidence adduced by the plaintiff is the Bank of America
documents that purportedly show the dissipation of funds from the third
defendant’s bank account into the second defendant’s Bank of America account
of which the first defendant has power of attorney over. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit at pp 61–74.

The plaintiff asserts that the monies must have come from the accounts opened
in Singapore that received and dealt with the Sale Proceeds. But this says
nothing about the OCBC Bank Account in Singapore. Also, an examination of the
Bank of America account statements that were exhibited do not show monies
being deposited from accounts based in Singapore. Indeed, Mr Wee could not
point me to any documentary evidence or reference indicating so.

96 Moreover, the plaintiff has not alleged any facts to show how the third
defendant could have known of any facts that would have affected its
conscience. On the plaintiff’s own case, any alleged beneficial ownership that
she had in WWC was a matter between her and the first defendant. There is
nothing provided by the plaintiff which shows that the third defendant knew
about the plaintiff’s investment made in or around 2002 when WWC was
incorporated.

97 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff has not made out an arguable case
that her claim falls within O 11 r 1(o) of the ROC.

98 Since the plaintiff has not established a good arguable case on the heads
of jurisdiction she has relied on, it must follow that the Service Out Order
should be set aside. Notwithstanding that, I continue to examine the second
and third requirements needed for leave to serve out of jurisdiction.

Whether the plaintiff’s case has a serious question to be tried on the merits

99 The second requirement is that the plaintiff must establish that there is a
serious question to be tried on the merits. In other words, there must be a
substantial question of fact or law that the plaintiff has a genuine desire to
be tried. This is a lower standard of proof than a “good arguable case” (see
the decision of the Court of Appeal in Bradley Lomas Electrolok Ltd and
another v Colt Ventilation East Asia Pte Ltd and others [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1156
at [18]).

100 Given my conclusion earlier in relation to O 11 r 1(f)(i), O 11 r 1(f)(ii)
and O 11 r 1(o) of the ROC, all of which are concerned with the merits of the
claim, I likewise conclude that the plaintiff has not shown a serious issue to
be tried on the merits. This is all the more so since in examining the
requirements for service out of jurisdiction, a court is not to consider them
in isolation but must consider whether its findings in relation to one
requirement is consistent with its findings in relation to the other
requirements (see Recovery Vehicle at [51]).

Whether Singapore is the natural forum

The relevant law

101 I turn then to the last requirement, which is whether Singapore is the
natural forum to hear the case. In this regard, Singapore law applies the
common law principles of ad hoc allocation of jurisdiction enunciated in the
leading UK House of Lords decision of Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex
Ltd [1987] AC 460, also commonly referred to as the Spiliada test. The
Spiliada test entails a two-stage evaluation.

102 At the first stage, the court considers general connecting factors to
identify the forum with the most real and substantial connection with the
dispute (“Stage One”). The connecting factors include personal connections,
connections to events and transactions, governing law, other proceedings, and
the shape of the litigation. In Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight International
Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 265 (“Rappo Tania”), the Court
of Appeal reiterated that Stage One of the Spiliada test is not a mechanistic
exercise concerned only with the quantity of connecting factors pointing to
the competing fora; the quality of connecting factors is crucial. As the Court
of Appeal explained (at [70]):

… Parties in modern commercial litigation are often well connected, with
relational and business ties to many different jurisdictions. The task of the
court in this context is not to draw up a balance sheet of tenuous or
insubstantial points of contact with different fora in the expectation that
the jurisdiction with the largest number on its side prevails at the close of
the analysis. Rather, the search is for those incidences (or connections) that
have the most relevant and substantial associations with the dispute.

[emphasis in original]

103 It is conventional to group the connecting factors into the five
categories of personal connections, connections to events and transactions,
governing law, other proceedings, and shape of the litigation (see JIO
Minerals at [42]).

104 At the second stage, the court considers primarily if substantial justice
may be obtained in the prima facie natural forum (“Stage Two”). All factors
will be examined, and the court is to balance between justice to the parties
and considerations of international comity. Whilst the two stages are analysed
separately and sequentially, some aspects of the case may be analysed at
either Stage One or Stage Two. Importantly, the court is to bear in mind that
the aim of the whole exercise is to determine whether the case should be heard
in the jurisdiction which is more suitable for the interests of the parties
and the ends of justice (see Rappo Tania at [72]).

Application to the present case

105 Applying these principles to the present case, I am of the view that
Singapore is not the natural forum.

(1) Stage One of the Spiliada test

106 In relation to Stage One of the Spiliada test, most of the connecting
factors point to the US courts as the natural forum.

(A) Personal connections and location of witnesses

107 First, it is undisputed that none of the parties in Suit 692 have any
connection with Singapore. The plaintiff and first defendant are both citizens
of the US and reside there. The second defendant is a citizen of Antigua and
purportedly resides in China, while the third defendant is a BVI-incorporated
company. However, in disputes involving well-heeled parties who have a high
degree of mobility, the current domicile of the parties may be of little legal
significance (see the decision of the Court of Appeal in Ivanishvili, Bidzina
and others v Credit Suisse Trust Ltd [2020] 2 SLR 638 (“Ivanishvili Bidzina”)
at [83]).

108 Turning to the location of witnesses, the locations of relevant witnesses
is a factor to be considered in the determination of the natural forum for the
dispute. The significance of this factor will turn on whether the main dispute
is largely factual in nature (see the decisions of the Court of Appeal in
Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1
SLR(R) 377 (“Rickshaw Investments”) at [19] and Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar v
Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra [2019] 2 SLR 372 (“Lakshmi Anil”) at [73]). Another
equally important, if not more important consideration, is the compellability
of key witnesses who reside abroad (see Rickshaw Investments at [23] and
[25]). This is because a Singapore court cannot compel a foreign witness to
testify in Singapore Proceedings (see O 38 r 18(2) of the ROC).

109 Mr Wee argued before me that it was important for the trial to take place
in Singapore because of the issue relating to the OCBC Bank Account, where the
bank’s employees would have to be cross-examined on how the account was opened
(in relation to the tort of conspiracy). The plaintiff asserts that this
rationale applies equally to need to hear the testimonies of the Goldman Sachs
employees.

110 However, the plaintiff has eluded the point that the crux of the analysis
centres around the key witnesses to the dispute. Those key witnesses consist
primarily of the plaintiff, the first defendant, the second defendant and the
parties involved in the sale of WCC to Goldwind – all of whom either reside in
the US or China. These are the persons who can give evidence as to the
circumstances of the sale which the plaintiff has alleged as improper. In
contradistinction, any testimony from the employees of OCBC and Goldman Sachs,
while somewhat relevant, would only be peripheral to the main dispute.

111 In conducting the analysis, the court’s focus should not lie mainly on the
evidence the plaintiff needs to establish its allegations since it is the
plaintiff who wishes to pursue the claims in Singapore, and the court must
instead also consider the potential prejudice to the defendants in running
their defence (see, in the context of a stay, Ivanishvili Bidzina at [86]).
Thus, the fact that the plaintiff claims that she requires the testimony from
the employees of OCBC and Goldman Sachs to establish her claim should be given
less weight.

112 In totality, the personal connections of the parties and locations of
relevant witnesses point away from Singapore.

(B) Governing law

113 In general, at the interlocutory stage and before all the evidence is
taken, I am entitled to decide the present Summonses based on a prima facie
view on the governing law (see the High Court decision of Yeoh Poh San and
another v Won Siok Wan [2002] SGHC 196 at [15]). The basic premise behind the
governing law as a connecting factor is that it is generally preferable for an
action to be tried in the jurisdiction whose law would apply to it (see
Rickshaw Investments at [42]). The Singapore courts have taken notice, at
least for jurisdictional purposes, that the contents of foreign law may differ
from the law of the forum even in the absence of proof (see the decisions of
the Court of Appeal in EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at
[57]; JIO Minerals at [96] as well as the High Court decision of Multi-Code
Electronics Industries (M) Bhd and another v Toh Chun Toh Gordon and others
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 1000 at [49]–[50]).

114 The governing law is a significant factor in Stage One of the Spiliada
test. This flows from the argument that in general, the court which will be
called on to apply its own law is in a better position to do so for many
reasons (see Halsbury’s Laws at para 75.093). It is naturally most familiar
with its own law and least likely to get it wrong; it will be able to
determine the contents of the applicable at least cost and expense; and it
will not have to deal with conflicting expert witnesses on foreign law and
translations of foreign law from foreign languages since a foreign court will
be more adept in dealing with its own law than Singapore courts, etc. The
importance of the governing law may be calibrated downwards where the issues
at play are mostly issues of fact or whether the foreign law is not that
different from Singapore law. For example, in Lakshmi Anil, the governing law
being BVI was given little weight since it was also a common law jurisdiction
and because the key issues in dispute were factual in nature (at [55]).

115 In the present case, the issues at play are a mix of factual and legal
issues as the factual basis underlying the tortious and equitable claims must
be ascertained, but so too must the legal principles on establishing each
legal requirement. The case at hand also deals potentially with Chinese law
which is a civil law jurisdiction, and this court (or even the Singapore
International Commercial Court) would be less familiar to deal with that
aspect (see the High Court decision of Sinco Technologies Pte Ltd v Singapore
Chi Cheng Pte Ltd and another [2017] SGHC 234 at [67]).

116 In relation to the conspiracy claim, I have found above that the double
actionability rule is relevant to identify the lex loci delicti (see above at
[74]). I must first identify the place of the tort. To do this, I apply the
“substance test” which requires the court to “look at the events constituting
the tort and ask where, in substance, the cause of action arose” (see JIO
Minerals at [90] and IM Skaugen (HC) at [87]).

117 The application of the “substance test” to the tort of conspiracy is not
as straightforward as there may be “many points of contact” (see Halsbury’s
Laws at para 75.378). The key factors to consider for the tort of conspiracy
include the “identity, importance and location of the conspirators, the
locations where any agreements or combinations took place, the nature and
places of the concerted acts or means, the location of the plaintiff and the
places where the plaintiff suffered losses” (see EFT Holdings at [53] and the
High Court decision of Wing Hak Man and another v Bio-Treat Technology Ltd and
others [2009] 1 SLR(R) 446 at [26]).

118 Both alleged conspirators here have no connection to Singapore. The first
defendant is a US citizen resident in the US, while the second defendant is an
Antiguan citizen (see [7] above) (for completeness, the third defendant is a
BVI-incorporated company, though no arguments on attribution of knowledge was
made by the plaintiff). As the alleged conspirators were located abroad, it
naturally follows that any agreement forming the alleged conspiracy would have
taken place outside of Singapore (see Nippon Catalyst at [58]).

119 The place where the plaintiff would have suffered losses would also likely
be in the US and not Singapore as that was where she was resident and where
the monies from the proceeds should have gone into (ie, her US bank accounts).
As the loss here was framed as the plaintiff not receiving her share of the
sale proceeds, the place of damage would be the location of her bank accounts,
presumably in the US. As an aside, as noted in IM Skaugen (CA) at [78] (a case
concerning corporate entities), in the absence of any evidence to the
contrary, it can be assumed that the damage for the claim “is suffered in the
jurisdiction where the relevant entity is incorporated”. There is no such
default rule for natural persons, and I say no more about this.

120 Additionally, the place where the acts of the alleged conspiracy took
place was not in Singapore. The plaintiff pleaded that the defendants had
conspired to injury the plaintiff by depriving her of her share of sale
proceeds. These acts included: (a) the first defendant not issuing any share
certificates to her whilst representing to her that she owned 45% of WWC due
to her investment, (b) the defendants conspiring to allow the third defendant
to take over the entire shareholding of WWC, and (c) the defendants
orchestrating to sell WWC to Goldwind for US$100m in 2017 without notifying
the plaintiff. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

SOC at [9]–[11].

However, these pleaded acts point to locations outside Singapore. For example,
the sale of WWC to Goldwind would have taken place in Hong Kong as Goldwind is
in and incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong SAR, and that was where the
due diligence and contract negotiation took place for the sale. The sale
contract itself was executed in Hong Kong. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

CMK’s Affidavit at [64(a)]; D3’s Affidavit at [39(d)] and pp 104, 121 (at
[8]).

121 Indeed, Mr Wee accepted at the hearing before me that any potential
agreement forming part of the conspiracy would have taken place outside of
Singapore. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Minute Sheet at p 8.

However, Mr Wee argued instead that the material part of the conspiracy
relates to the coming to Singapore by the first and second defendants to
further the conspiracy and the dissipation of sale proceeds in Singapore by
opening the OCBC Bank Account. The problem with this submission is that there
is little evidential basis (if at all) that this actually occurred, which I
have already addressed above at [83]–[85].

122 Applying the “substance test”, the place of the tort is either in the US
or China. Without having to pinpoint the lex loci delicti definitively, what
is at least clear is that Singapore law is not the governing law for the tort
claim and this factor points away from Singapore being the natural forum for
the dispute. Further, in addition to the fact that the governing law is a
foreign law, it is trite that the place of the tort is prima facie the natural
forum for trial unless it is merely fortuitous (see above at [74]), and this
is a “weighty factor pointing in favour of that jurisdiction” (see Rickshaw
Investments at [40]). The place of tort being abroad is not fortuitous here
and is unsurprising given that substantially all the relevant events and
parties do not have any connections with Singapore.

123 Turning next to the breach of fiduciary duty or breach of trust claim,
despite the lack of clarity in her pleaded case, the gravamen of the
plaintiff’s complaint here essentially centres on her alleged beneficial
interest in the shares (which were then sold for the share proceeds). Any
claim in the monies in the OCBC Bank Account thereafter (if this is even
true), is merely part of the traceable proceeds flowing from the property
rights in the shares. Thus, the law governing the equitable ownership of the
shares, ie, the law of incorporation of the company, is likely to be the
relevant choice of law rule here (see Halsbury’s Laws at para 75.324, citing
the English Court of Appeal decision of Macmillan Inc v Bishopsgate
Investments plc (No 3) [1987] 1 WLR 387 and the English High Court decision in
Re Harvard Securities Ltd [1997] 2 BCLC 369). The governing law would be
Samoan law as WWC was incorporated under the laws of Samoa. Mr Wee did not
seriously dispute this point in oral submissions and accepted that the issue
of ownership of the shares should be dealt with by Samoan law. Again, the
governing law for this part of the claim points away from Singapore being the
natural forum.

(C) Connections to events and transactions

124 As to connections to events and transactions, the premise behind this
category is that it is assumed that evidence would typically be found where
these events or transactions occur. This allows the trial to be held at the
place with the least expense and inconvenience (see the High Court decision of
Best Soar Ltd v Praxis Energy Agents Pte Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 423 at [19]). Thus,
in so far as torts are concerned, the place where the tort occurred is prima
facie the natural forum for the tort claim (see Rickshaw Investments at
[39]–[40]), and this is a weighty though not decisive factor, unless it is
shown that the place of the tort was merely fortuitous (see JIO Minerals at
[106]–[107]). This presumption can be displaced when necessary, eg, where the
tortious claim is parasitic on other non-tortious claims to be determined in a
different fora (see the decision of the Court of Appeal in Oro Negro Drilling
Pte Ltd and others v Integradora de Servicios Petroleros Oro Negro SAPI de CV
and others and another appeal (Jesus Angel Guerra Mendez, non-party) [2020] 1
SLR 226 (“Oro Negro”) at [90]–[91]). In this regard, as I have already found
above at [122], applying the “substance test” in relation to the conspiracy
claim, the place of tort is either in the US or China.

125 Conversely, in relation to the plaintiff’s case on breach of fiduciary
duties/trust, the breach would have occurred on the alleged opening of the
OCBC Bank Account in Singapore and the deposit of monies within. However, I
give little weight to this factor ultimately given my conclusions in relation
to the merits of the plaintiff’s case.

(D) Related proceedings

126 The presence of related proceedings is relevant to the natural forum
analysis where there is a risk of inconsistent findings or judgments if
overlapping proceedings take place in multiple jurisdictions. The weight to be
given to this factor will depend on how far along the related proceedings have
been advanced (see IM Skaugen (CA) at [154] and Lakshmi Anil at [59]).

127 In my view, there is a high degree of overlap between the US Proceedings
and Suit 692. Not only are the parties identical in the 2020 Complaint and
Suit 692, the relevant background facts underlying both proceedings are
similar. While the pleadings in the US Proceedings do not explicitly refer to
a cause of action in the tort of conspiracy as such, as Mr Poon and Mr Tay
helpfully brought me through, there were references littered throughout
relating to conspiracy such as: alleging that the defendants were “co-
conspirators” and that “pursuant to [the first defendant’s] conspiracy with
[the second defendant] and [the third defendant], [the first defendant] acted
tortiously in California”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit at pp 23–24, at [6], [8].

Thus, great weight should be given to the fact that there are related
proceeding abroad.

128 Indeed, I find it significant that the plaintiff had agreed to give an
undertaking to stay or discontinue the US Proceedings entirely if she is
allowed to continue with her claims in Singapore. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 4 May 2022 at [9].

I agree with Mr Poon that this essentially amounts to an admission that there
is a high degree of overlap between the US Proceedings and Suit 692, and that
there is a presence of a multiplicity of proceedings, which is undesirable.
One can derive assistance by drawing an analogy to the Court of Appeal’s
observations in IM Skaugen (CA) (at [125]):

… it is telling that the respondents had initially offered, in respect of the
present appeal, to stay the Singapore proceedings in favour of the Norwegian
proceedings. While the offer was subsequently withdrawn as the liquidator of
the second respondent did not agree with it, the initial offer is revealing.
It shows that the respondents themselves appear to acknowledge that it is
undesirable for there to be parallel proceedings in both Singapore and Norway
in the light of the developments in the Norwegian proceedings after the
Judge’s decision. The Norwegian proceedings have reached an advanced stage and
concern the same claim, issues and parties.

[emphasis in original]

As the observation was made in the context of the plaintiff offering to stay
the proceedings, the rationale would apply a fortiori in the present case
where the plaintiff goes one step further in potentially discontinuing the US
Proceedings.

129 Since the plaintiff is responsible for the existence of parallel
proceedings by instituting proceedings in both Singapore and the US (and
failing to stay the US Proceedings), the plaintiff cannot now claim that the
parallel proceedings abroad is a relevant factor in the Spiliada exercise
which points towards Singapore being the natural forum (see IM Skaugen (CA) at
[158]).

130 Given that the US Proceedings would be ready for trial very soon on 10
October 2022, 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

D1WS at [7].

the US courts would be the more appropriate forum for the trial since they
have reached a very advanced stage as compared to the present Singapore
Proceedings which are just beginning. The plaintiff had made her bed by
choosing to sue in the US and allowing the proceedings to advance to the
doorstep of trial. The plaintiff is solely responsible for the current
situation resulting in parallel proceedings as she is the plaintiff in both
the Singapore and the US Proceedings (ie, a “common plaintiff scenario”) and
created the risk of inconsistent judgments (this is similar to the situation
in IM Skaugen (CA) at [158]). This factor of related proceedings therefore
points away from Singapore as the natural forum.

(E) Conclusion under the first stage

131 Given the totality of factors examined above, I conclude that Singapore is
not the natural forum.

(2) Stage Two of the Spiliada test

132 There has been some controversy as to whether Stage Two of the Spiliada
test applies to service out of jurisdiction cases where the plaintiff is
unable to show that Singapore is the prima facie natural forum under Stage One
(see Oro Negro at [80(d)]; cf, the High Court decision of Allenger, Shiona
(trustee-in-bankruptcy of the estate of Pelletier, Richard Paul Joseph) v
Pelletier, Olga and another [2022] 3 SLR 353 at [158]). Since a foreign forum
is shown to be clearly and distinctly more appropriate than Singapore for the
trial of the action, the plaintiff needs to show that there is “a real and
material risk of injustice” if the parties were to go to that foreign forum to
have their dispute resolved.

133 I accept Professor Yeo’s argument that, as a matter of principle, and
subject to procedural constraints arising from burden of proof that give rise
to some technical distinction in application, the Spiliada test should apply
in the same way in both service within and service outside jurisdiction (see
Yeo Tiong Min, “Exit, Stage 2, for the Plaintiff in Service out of
Jurisdiction?” (2021) 33 SAcLJ 1237). As he explains, there are two normative
justifications for this. First, access to justice is “an important
consideration” in both service in Singapore cases and service out of Singapore
cases. This consideration justifies the Singapore court hearing a case even
though it is not the prima facie natural forum, if it is shown that
substantial justice would otherwise be denied. Second, the Spiliada test
requires an “even-handed treatment of the plaintiff and the defendant”. More
broadly, Professor Yeo points out that “the modern global trend in common law
systems is to enlarge the scope of extraterritorial jurisdiction, subject to
control by the natural forum doctrine”, and any asymmetric application of the
Spiliada test would thus require justification beyond mere procedural
constraints.

134 However, even if I accept that Stage Two applies in the present
circumstances, the plaintiff has not shown why substantial injustice would be
occasioned to her if the action were to be tried abroad. In any event, the
court must proceed cautiously before it pronounces that a litigant will
experience a deprivation of substantial justice if left to seek recourse in an
appropriate foreign forum (see the decision of the Court of Appeal in Good
Earth Agricultural Co Ltd v Novus International Pte Ltd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 711 at
[27]). This is particularly so where the foreign forum operates a well-
established and well-recognised system of justice (see Rappo Tania at [110]),
in line with the principle of international comity. Here, even if there was a
suggestion made by the plaintiff that the US or China courts will be unable to
try the dispute in a manner which is fair, what can be observed is that these
two jurisdictions operate well-established and well-recognised courts of
justice which should not be lightly impugned.

135 For all these reasons, I agree with the defendants that Singapore is not
the natural forum. Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff has not discharged
the burden of demonstrating the three requirements to serve out of
jurisdiction. It follows that I set aside the Service Out Order.

136 Given my conclusion, I need not consider if the plaintiff had made full
and frank disclosure at the ex parte application.

Whether the Writ was validly served

137 Likewise, I also do not need to consider if the Writ was validly served on
the first and third defendants, even as I note that both parties have adduced
conflicting expert opinion in favour of their respective cases.

Conclusion

138 For all these reasons, I set aside the Service Out Order contained in ORC
4728. It therefore follows that the Mareva injunction in ORC 4728 is similarly
of no effect since the High Court’s power to grant the injunction is
conditional upon the court having in personam jurisdiction over the foreign
defendant in the first place (apart from the plaintiff having a reasonable
accrued cause of action in Singapore) (see the decision of the Court of Appeal
in Bi Xiaoqiong (in her personal capacity and as trustees of Xiao Qiong Bi
Trust and the Alisa Wu Irrevocable Trust) v China Medical Technologies, Inc
(in liquidation) and another [2019] 2 SLR 595 at [62]).

139 I am grateful to all parties, especially Mr Poon and Mr Tay, and their
respective teams who did not address me, for their helpful oral and written
submissions. Unless the parties can agree on the appropriate cost order, they
are invited to write in with their submissions on costs within seven days of
this judgment.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Wee Xunji (CK Tan Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Poon Guokun Nicholas and Chan Michael Karfai (Breakpoint LLC ) for the first
defendant;

The second defendant unrepresented and absent;

Tay Wei Loong Julian, Wong Wai Keong Anthony and Kang Su-Lin (Lee & Lee) for
the third defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 07 Sep 2022 (21:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

