Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCR 6

Admiralty in Rem No 16 of 2021 (Summons No 5040 of 2021)

Admiralty action in Rem against the vessel “STI ORCHARD”

Between

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Owner and/or Demise Charterer of the vessel “STI ORCHARD”  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Winson Oil Trading Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Intervener

JUDGMENT

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Bills of lading] — [Delivery of cargo against
presentation of bills of lading]

[Civil Procedure] — [Summary judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The “STI Orchard” (Winson Oil Trading Pte Ltd, intervener)

[2022] SGHCR 6

General Division of the High Court — Admiralty in Rem No 16 of 2021 (Summons
No 5040 of 2021)  
Navin Anand AR  
15 March 2022

23 May 2022 Judgment reserved.

Navin Anand AR:

Introduction

1 Bills of lading play an essential role in trade financing. As a document of
title to the goods, it is common for banks to take the bills of lading as
security for the financing advanced to their customer to purchase the goods.
Save for unusual or exceptional circumstances, case law has generally upheld
the financing bank’s right to assert its security in the face of a defaulting
customer, and to call for the delivery of the goods to which the bill of
lading relates. This has serious implications for a shipowner responsible for
the carriage of goods, as it is settled law that a shipowner who delivers the
goods without production of the bills of lading does so at his peril and is
typically liable for any consequential losses suffered by the holder of the
bills of lading: see The “Star Quest” and other matters [2016] 3 SLR 1280 at
[4].

2 The present case arises from the collapse of Hin Leong Trading (Pte) Ltd
(“HLT”), formerly one of Asia’s top oil traders, and is one of the many
pending actions by a financing bank seeking to rely on the security apparently
afforded to it by bills of lading in its possession. The Plaintiff, Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”), financed HLT’s purchase of a
cargo that was shipped on board the Defendant’s vessel “STI Orchard”
(“Vessel”) under a set of three bills of lading dated 28 February 2020 (“Bills
of Lading”). HLT defaulted on its obligation to reimburse OCBC, and OCBC
commenced the present suit against the Defendant, STI Orchard Shipping Company
Limited, (“Owner”) for delivering the cargo to HLT without presentation of the
Bills of Lading.

3 In this application, OCBC seeks summary judgment against the Owner in the
sum of US$13,608,000, being the invoice value of the cargo, or alternatively,
for interlocutory judgment to be entered against the Owner with damages to the
assessed.

4 After hearing the parties, I have decided to grant the Owner unconditional
leave to defend. The issues in this case merit further investigation, the
chief of which is whether the Bills of Lading were intended to be relied on as
security for OCBC’s financing in the underlying transaction. I set out my full
grounds below.

Background Facts

The Parties

5 OCBC is a Singapore bank that asserts its rights in this suit as the holder
of the original Bills of Lading issued in respect of 36,016.480mt of Gasoil
10ppm Sulphur (“Cargo”) shipped on board the Vessel for carriage from Mailiao,
Taiwan, to Singapore (“Voyage”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim at paras 12 and 19. 3rd Affidavit of Chua Tiong Nam Martin
dated 5 November 2021 (“Chua’s 3rd Affidavit”) at pp185-186.

6 HLT is OCBC’s customer, and is in the business of oil trading. HLT’s oil
trading business included the sale and purchase of oil, wherein it bought
various grades of oil that were blended into bunker grade oil and on-sold to
HLT’s customers. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2nd Affidavit of Tung Ching Ching dated 23 December 2021 (“Tung’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at p167.

7 The Owner is the registered owner of the Vessel. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at p192.

At the material time, the Owner had time-chartered the Vessel to Scorpio LR2
Pool Ltd (“Scorpio”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2nd Affidavit of Brian Lee dated 3 January 2022 (“Lee’s 2nd Affidavit”) at
para 12.

Scorpio in turn voyage-chartered the Vessel to the Intervener, Winson Oil
Trading Pte Ltd (“Winson Oil”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ibid.

The Sale Contract and Letter of Credit

8 The Voyage itself arose out of an international sale of goods between Winson
Oil and HLT. By way of a sale contract dated 19 February 2020 (“Sale
Contract”), HLT purchased 780,000 barrels of Gasoil 10ppm Sulphur from Winson
Oil on a Delivery Ex-Ship (DES) basis. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at pp78-83.

Payment under the Sale Contract was by an irrevocable letter of credit. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lee’s 2nd Affidavit at para 14.

The Cargo that is the subject of the present suit constituted around one-third
of the total product purchased under the Sale Contract. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Intervener’s Written Submissions (“IWS”) at para 15.

9 OCBC extended trade facility financing to HLT as evidenced by the following
documents:

(a) a credit facilities letter dated 17 July 2019 (“Facilities Letter”); 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at pp37-44.

(b) OCBC’s Terms and Conditions for Letter of Credit (“LC T&Cs”); 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ibid at pp46-47.

and

(c) OCBC’s Standard Terms and Conditions governing Banking Facilities. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ibid at pp49-61.

10 The LC T&Cs purported to give OCBC extensive rights against HLT, including
among other things, a pledge over bills of lading, the right to direct HLT to
procure the indorsement of bills of lading in favour of OCBC, and the
appointment of OCBC as HLT’s agent to do all acts as OCBC deems desirable to
perfect its security over the financed goods. The salient terms of the LC T&Cs
read as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ibid at pp46-47.

1\. [OCBC] may, at its discretion, issue the letter of credit issued pursuant
to [HLT’s] application (‘the Credit’) …

….

3.(a) Without prejudice to any security credited herein and by general law,
[HLT] irrevocably and unconditionally agree to pledge and do hereby pledge to
[OCBC] as security for the payment obligations and/or liabilities arising
under or in connection with the Credit as well as any other actual, future or
contingent liabilities that may be owing by [HLT] to [OCBC], any and all
documents (including but not limited to, bills of lading … ) received by
[OCBC] under the Credit (hereinafter, ‘the received documents’) … Such
security shall not be affected even if the presented documents or Goods are
released to or upon [HLT’s] order on trust receipt.

(b) [HLT] hereby recognise and admit [OCBC’s] special property in and
unqualified right to the possession and disposal of the received documents and
in and to the Goods. …

…

10\. [HLT] undertake, where required by [OCBC], to procure and obtain the
necessary blank or special endorsement of bills of lading presented under or
in connection with the Credit … in [OCBC’s] favour.

…

13\. [HLT] irrevocably appoint [OCBC] … to be [HLT’s] agent and in [HLT’s]
name to execute and deliver all documents and do all acts as [OCBC] … deems
desirable for perfecting [OCBC’s] security over the goods …

…

22\. … [HLT] further undertake to forthwith execute all documents and take all
actions upon [OCBC’s] request with a view to protecting [OCBC’s] interests in
the Goods. …

…

11 On the morning of 6 March 2020, HLT applied for a letter of credit from
OCBC in favour of Winson Oil for the sum of US$16,500,000 (“LC Application”).
Two points ought to be noted from the LC Application.

(a) First, HLT provided OCBC with copies of: (i) the Sale Contract, and (ii) a
contract dated 3 December 2019 by which HLT agreed to sell Gasoline 92 RON
Unleaded to PT Pertamina (Persero) (“Pertamina”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ibid at pp69-109.

HLT’s staff stated that these two contracts were “[p]urchase and sales
contract for LC issuance to [Winson Oil]”. Gasoline 92 RON Unleaded is a
different product from the Cargo (Gasoil 10ppm Sulphur), and it appeared that
HLT intended to blend the Cargo and on-sell it (as Gasoline 92 RON Unleaded)
to Pertamina.

(b) Second, OCBC’s letter of credit application form allowed the customer to
select the document(s) required from the seller to receive payment under the
letter of credit (see Figure 1 below). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ibid at p126.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAeAB4AAD/4REQRXhpZgAATU0AKgAAAAgABAE7AAIAAAAXAAAISodpAAQAAAABAAAIYpydAAEAAAAuAAAQ2uocAAcAAAgMAAAAPgAAAAAc6gAAAAgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAE5hdmluIEFOQU5EIChTVVBDT1VSVCkAAAAFkAMAAgAAABQAABCwkAQAAgAAABQAABDEkpEAAgAAAAM1NQAAkpIAAgAAAAM1NQAA6hwABwAACAwAAAikAAAAABzqAAAACAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMjAyMjowNDoyOCAxNjo1NDoxNQAyMDIyOjA0OjI4IDE2OjU0OjE1AAAATgBhAHYAaQBuACAAQQBOAEEATgBEACAAKABTAFUAUABDAE8AVQBSAFQAKQAAAP/hCylodHRwOi8vbnMuYWRvYmUuY29tL3hhcC8xLjAvADw/eHBhY2tldCBiZWdpbj0n77u/JyBpZD0nVzVNME1wQ2VoaUh6cmVTek5UY3prYzlkJz8+DQo8eDp4bXBtZXRhIHhtbG5zOng9ImFkb2JlOm5zOm1ldGEvIj48cmRmOlJERiB4bWxuczpyZGY9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkvMDIvMjItcmRmLXN5bnRheC1ucyMiPjxyZGY6RGVzY3JpcHRpb24gcmRmOmFib3V0PSJ1dWlkOmZhZjViZGQ1LWJhM2QtMTFkYS1hZDMxLWQzM2Q3NTE4MmYxYiIgeG1sbnM6ZGM9Imh0dHA6Ly9wdXJsLm9yZy9kYy9lbGVtZW50cy8xLjEvIi8+PHJkZjpEZXNjcmlwdGlvbiByZGY6YWJvdXQ9InV1aWQ6ZmFmNWJkZDUtYmEzZC0xMWRhLWFkMzEtZDMzZDc1MTgyZjFiIiB4bWxuczp4bXA9Imh0dHA6Ly9ucy5hZG9iZS5jb20veGFwLzEuMC8iPjx4bXA6Q3JlYXRlRGF0ZT4yMDIyLTA0LTI4VDE2OjU0OjE1LjU0NjwveG1wOkNyZWF0ZURhdGU+PC9yZGY6RGVzY3JpcHRpb24+PHJkZjpEZXNjcmlwdGlvbiByZGY6YWJvdXQ9InV1aWQ6ZmFmNWJkZDUtYmEzZC0xMWRhLWFkMzEtZDMzZDc1MTgyZjFiIiB4bWxuczpkYz0iaHR0cDovL3B1cmwub3JnL2RjL2VsZW1lbnRzLzEuMS8iPjxkYzpjcmVhdG9yPjxyZGY6U2VxIHhtbG5zOnJkZj0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMTk5OS8wMi8yMi1yZGYtc3ludGF4LW5zIyI+PHJkZjpsaT5OYXZpbiBBTkFORCAoU1VQQ09VUlQpPC9yZGY6bGk+PC9yZGY6U2VxPg0KCQkJPC9kYzpjcmVhdG9yPjwvcmRmOkRlc2NyaXB0aW9uPjwvcmRmOlJERj48L3g6eG1wbWV0YT4NCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAKICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAKICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAKICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAKICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAKICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAKICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAKICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIAogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgPD94cGFja2V0IGVuZD0ndyc/Pv/bAEMABwUFBgUEBwYFBggHBwgKEQsKCQkKFQ8QDBEYFRoZGBUYFxseJyEbHSUdFxgiLiIlKCkrLCsaIC8zLyoyJyorKv/bAEMBBwgICgkKFAsLFCocGBwqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKioqKv/AABEIAj0DxAMBIgACEQEDEQH/xAAfAAABBQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EAACAQMDAgQDBQUEBAAAAX0BAgMABBEFEiExQQYTUWEHInEUMoGRoQgjQrHBFVLR8CQzYnKCCQoWFxgZGiUmJygpKjQ1Njc4OTpDREVGR0hJSlNUVVZXWFlaY2RlZmdoaWpzdHV2d3h5eoOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4eLj5OXm5+jp6vHy8/T19vf4+fr/xAAfAQADAQEBAQEBAQEBAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EQACAQIEBAMEBwUEBAABAncAAQIDEQQFITEGEkFRB2FxEyIygQgUQpGhscEJIzNS8BVictEKFiQ04SXxFxgZGiYnKCkqNTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqCg4SFhoeIiYqSk5SVlpeYmZqio6Slpqeoqaqys7S1tre4ubrCw8TFxsfIycrS09TV1tfY2dri4+Tl5ufo6ery8/T19vf4+fr/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/APpGiiq9/qFppdlJeajcx21vGMvJK2AP8+lAFiivNdQ+OXhu1mMdlb3t6B/y0SMIp+m4g/pVjR/jT4Y1O4WC7+06azEAPcoDHn/eUnH1IAoA9CopkUsc8KSwSLJG43K6NkMPUEdafQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAI7rHGzyMFVQSxPQCvmD4geNrnxjrzusjLpsDFbSHoMdN5H949fbpXv3j+4e1+HutyRbt32R0+XqA3yk/ka+VqAJba2nvLlLezgkuJ5DhIokLMx9AByakvtNvtLuBBqdncWcxXcI7iJo2I9cEDjiu98CWy+GPDN34yvFHnyN9i0xWHWRuGcfTn8mqT45/8jvaf9eCf+hvRL3bf15hHW4fCPx1Po2tRaHqEzPp164SLcf9RKemPQE8Eepz65+gelfG0cjRSLJGxV0IZWB5BHevsK1mNxp0MzcNJErn6kZpN2VwOAm+Pvw0t55IZfEoDxsUYCxuTgg4PIjwa7Dw/wCKdC8VWbXPh3VbXUYlwHMEgJQkZAYdVPsRXhH7OnhfQNfsvFEmu6HpupvFqAWNry0jmKAg5ALA4pviTRbX4TftEeGLrwov2Ow111huLJGOwbnCMAPT5lYDsRVRV3GL3lb72rhLTma6X/B2Po+ivGvGvxB8Y6z8S5PAHwx+x215awiW91G7XcIjgHABDAABlH3WJLdBjNVvDPj/AMdeFPidYeCfifJY6h/aibrXUbVAnzHO0cKoIyNuNoIyKUfet57eYS92/lv5Ht1FeH65488f+NviRqvhP4Wz2GmQaMdt1qN2gbc4OCPmVgBuyAApPyk5xWj4q8RfEPwh8DdV1LxBd2UPiKzuY44b2zjR0ljLxjftZcZOWH3R9BSv7vN/XYdve5T1+ivM7/xfrcH7N6+KYrwLrJ0mO4+0+Uh/eHbltuNvc8YxXL678SPFNl+zRo/iy31MJrVxMiy3P2eI7wXcH5Cu0cAdBVS91tPo0vvJj71rdb/ge6UV86+KfHnxj0HQbLx1df2TZ6HMyY0hUEjhHztMhK7uePusO3yjmn+JvH/xesfC9r8QY10nTvD8hjZdJC+dIY3OEaRiuecj7rKeRxS2372fkNa7ddT6Hory/wAe/F0+GvhbpHiLTbWJtQ12OL7HFO2I42dNxZzkcL+HbpXnL/Frxz4MvLTVPEPi/wAJ+KdNubhUn0/SrqGSa3U5JxsVTx0ySw4Geuadnzcr72+Yvspr1PpaivHfi58RvEvhLxl4Qt/Cqi7i1RZA9gyoPtTkqsY3kEry3YisK78dfFLwB8QNCi8fXOl32l67MIhBYxjbb5KqQG2q24bgeSwPPNEU5W83b5g3ZX8r/I9wv9d0nSrm2t9U1Sysp7ttlvFc3CRtM2QMIGILHJHA9RV+vmD4/wBj4u/4Wx4eY6paG3ubpRoabBm1fMQYyfJzl8Hktx+Vdp428a+PPhr8N9Jh1u/02+8R6jetbvqezFvAnUHARRkD1XHB60lrDm87f1+pTVpWPa6K84+Go+JCXznxtrOja9pM9uZbe+04rkPlcL8qICCNxzg/WvQL+V4NOuZYzh44mZTjoQCaJe6rsUfedkT0V88fDXxp8XPiPp1rLp17YQWmnXY+3391EitegtkxIqxlVwh7AHkfNWl49+K3iG8+IN74R8Ga5oXhtNOQfadU1meOMPJwSibww4zj7pPXpim1Zpf16gne7PdaK8d+EvxP1nWfFmo+EPFd9perXlnB9oh1XSpFeGdRt3ZK4BPzDoB3BFYeneO/ij8S/E+q3Xw5uNL0/Q9Jn8tI72MH7Z6AttZskDPBQAMOe9FtV9/yDo2e/UV4x8J/iN4p8XeM/F9p4jC2q6bGoisAiEWsgJVxvCgtyvcmtD4AeNdf8b+EdTvfE999tuIL8xRv5Mce1NinGEUDqT70JXV/K/6A9Pvt+Fz1C+uvsOnXN15Ty+RE0nloPmfAzge5xXI/C34if8LK8NT6t/ZEml+TctB5bzeaHwAchtq+uOlcn8HvHniLxVB4zbXr8XR0y5KWn7iNPLXD8fKoz90dc1neBPiN4p1n9nzxP4m1LUhNq9gbgW9z9njXZtjVl+UKFOCT1FJaKTfRJ/eG7S82vuPcqK8T+F/iT4pePP7E125uLC08OwEw3iSIvnaiQCGlGI8KN3YFeh61ia38WvFfivxXqth4N8U+GvCem6XOYVuNYuYkku2BIJUOr8ZHZR255xTkrOwLVXPoekdtkbN12gmvJvhf8XLnxBoXiNfFJtJL3w2Gknu7Bg0NzEAx3qQcH7h5HByK5bwz4y+Mnjmzu/F2grpC6JFI6R6PMoVrhV6hX27t2DjJdRkdKmV1dLtca8+9j0n4WfEtfiZpOoXo0o6b9iuvs+w3Hnb/AJQd2dq4+n611Wva1aeHPD97rGpMy2tlC00u0ZJAHQD1PSvF/wBlQlvCOvlhgnUQSPT5BXRftC2niSf4bXMug6hbW2mwxu2qQyqC9xHldoQ7Tgg+6/WnW91adl+Q4WlO3S7/ADL/AMNfitd/EPUbhD4R1DSdOETS2mozEtFcAMFIzsADc9AW6H0r0evBvha/jjQfghqWs3+sWcumR6NJNosEUSmS2ZQ5y+YxnkDqWqT4YeKfit8QING1b7Tp9todnMIr95o1E2o4b52UCPC4BA428g8ntbS5uVdP+DuZpvl531/yWx7rRXhupePPiF8QPHmseHvhbPp+lWWiv5dxqN4gYyOCVI5VwASDgBc/LnPOK0vhx8RPFQ+Id78P/iKlrJqtvD5sF7bLtE4ABPAABypyCAOhGKiPvfPUqXu/I9gor548P+Ovix4z1zxP4f8AC9zp6vp+oSgapfRootog7KkSqqEFjtJywbpzjrTfCPxF+LnjM6l4T0yPSYda0uRku9ZuRtWMAlduxVKlywOCFIwPu96FqvlcHp+R9E0V5N8F/iB4j8Salr/hvxqIZNW0OUI1zEgTzPmZTkAAcFeCAMg9K7zxv4hk8KeB9W12C3FzLY2zSpETwxHTOO3c+1ErRXN03BJt8vXY3aK8K+Hev/FnxTcaf4iHiDw9qeiXMyC70yDaJbWMsA3RAQwGTgufoau/E74p6zaeOV8FeD9T0fRbpIBLd6rq8yRxQkjIQbsjOCD0Y89ODTaasuoLW9j2iuH8L/EgeJPiN4j8KDSzbf2Jj/SvtG/z+cfc2jb+Zrifhn8UPEEvxCXwX4v1fRvEMlxbma11XR5UdCwyxRigC9Af4QRgdc5qP4X/APJx3xF/z/GKVvfS6NN/cTJ2g2t00vvO6+G3xIHxD/trGlnT/wCyrw23Nx5vm9fm+6uOnTn613FfP/wH1e20Dw/8QtXviRb2N+88mOpChzge/FYifFf4heILOTxJp3jHwdolohdo9CuruETyKpPBDKWyen3lz2AzSurL0TfzRVnr6tfcz6boryf/AIWhqGu/s63/AIz0vbp+qwW7KxVA6xyqwUlQ2QQc5AOetU/hhr3xQ8azaL4h1KfT7Tw15Zint2QCe9IQqZh8nALjOAVGOx61fK+Zx7CuuVS/rQ9koooqRhRRRQAUUUUAFFFcp4z8SXHhq70yeIeZDIzrNEf4l+Xp6EUAdXRVTS9UtNYsEvLCUSRP+anuCOxq3RsAUVFLd28EsUU88UUkx2xo7gFz6AHrTbu+t7FY2upPLEsixJwTudjgDigCeioIb63uLq4toZN0tsVEq4PykjI56dKnoAKKgt723u5riO3k3vbv5co2kbWwDjJ68EdKnoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKjjuIZZZI4pY3kiIEiqwJQkZGR2oAkooooAKKKKACiiigAoqOK4hn3+RLHJ5blH2MDtYdQcdD7Uy4vbe1nt4Z5Nsly5SJQpO4gZ7dOB3oAnooooAKKr3t9b6dbG4vJPLj3Bc7S2STgDA56mrFABRRRQAUUUUAFFQXl7b2EKyXUmxGdY1IUtlmOAMD3p888drbyTztsiiUu7HsAMk0ASUVHb3Ed1bR3EBLRSqHQlSMgjI4PNSUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAZ+vaYNa8O3+mk7ftVu8QY/wAJIIB/A18kXNtNZ3UttdRtFNC5SRG6qwOCK+x680+JHws/4SWZ9X0IpFqW397C3yrcY757N2yeDx060Aea2HxNvbfSNP0q70XRL20sQFiN3aNIy/7X3sZ9wKu/FjxjpfifUbWPRBa3EEcas14Ldkm3Zb92WYA7eQcY6nrXIah4Z1vSpzDqGk3kDg4+aFsH6EcH8KsaP4M8Q67cLFp2lXLBjzK8ZSNfqx4/rQ9dwWmxX8M6JN4i8SWWlwKSbiUByP4UHLN+Aya+tdoSLagwqrgD0rjfh78PLbwXaNPO63OqTrtlmA+VF67E749T3wK7Sk1dWA+S/hH8XdC+GQ8Q2ev2WpTy3d95ifZIkYLtyCG3OuDmuy0Sx8RfGH4xaZ4u1TRbnRvDmh4a1S7Uq8zA7lwCOSWwSRwAMZJr6CoqouzTe6/ysEve5ktn+rufO/iO8vfg/wDHzVPGWp6ReX3h/Wbfa9zaJu8knZkEnChtyDgkZDcUum3998avjXoHiXSdIvbHw3oSbxdXkYUysGJwCCQSWwMAnABJ9K+h6KI+7y/3dv6+YS96/nufNkOvTfAr4weKL3xHo9/c6Jr0pmt7u1jDZJZnABYhSRuYEZB4z0rs/F2qXfxe+AuvT6Jol/ZlnVrSC6TEtykZSTcqjPUZAwTnHWvYKKm14cr6bFc3v86+Z8tn4nS658Bp/Bek+F9Vm1DT9P8As+oXDIBBbRxcs5bOc4X7pA545qx4oU/8MZ6Dwf8AXxnp/wBNZK+nKKc/evfq0/uIj7rXlf8AE8U+NoI/ZrtAQeEsc+3C1H8R1I/ZHtAQcjTtPyMdOY69vopy95S82n9wQXLy+SsfOnxC8G6l4j+AHgbUNKsH1CTSbSCSa0jDF5ImiXdgDk/dGcc4ya5rT9Q+DmqXEdhpPwt1+61jIV7UXM21GyAckTMwAJxkrX1hRTcrzcu7v/TC3updlY8I+MkIi+Mfwvjhj2xpdhVVRwAJYuPyqX9ohSfEPw/wCf8AiakdP9qKvcqKSdlFdncOrfdW/Bo8H/aQgu7HVvBviZLOa5sNJu2e6aJc7PnjYZPbOwjJ4zWr4u+KPhbXPhzYatr3g7VdT8N6lJIkgeBfMtymAr8Nhc5OGDg8e9ex0VNvd5fO5d/eTPm/4EQvL8UNRvfA9prFn4IktmJj1E/KZeAAuCQSCDzkkDIJr6G1TnSLzH/PB/8A0E1aopz96PL5WJj7suY8V/ZaBHwtvMjGdUkx/wB+464Dx14a0fwd8Ytb1j4heFb7WvDOqEzwXNm8i+TIxGclXUZzkYLdwRX1TRTk+aal5W/Cwoq0XH5niHwcTwFq3iK6vfAngfVNIiWzZf7UvpZCr7mAKIDI654PIOflrkfh54xuPgnrGueD/EXh7Vr2e5vDLp/2KEObg4wCASMqQFOVzjnivp2ii+una343H0a87/hY+dPgBNd6n8TPH82o2psbu5YtNbk5MLtK+Vz7E4rI+Fvje5+Esut+C9W8M6vf6zLeNLaQ2cQbzTjbzkg7TtBDANwfavV/h58N9V8I/ETxdr+o3VnLa61OZLZIHcuoMjN84KgA4I6E16XQvhXpZjlrKXrdfcfPn7PcV3FZfEJL+3NvdC6Imhzny3xJuXI64PFZXwxU/wDDKHjTg8tdY4/6YpX0xRSeqku6S+4S0afZt/eec/ANf+LIaCCMZWb/ANHPXg0mgeFvhz4v1yz+K/g7UtTsprkvpt/ZySKpQkkAYkRWyMdyQQa+v6Kc3zTc+4oq0OU8U+Hmh+FfEvg3xXD4H8IX/hu31Kz+yx3V/JIzXW9HwVDMwCjIPysc59q5L4afE2+8B+GJvh/feE9Wu/ElvNKtpbQxja+45+ck5AyT8wBGOc19MUUnq32asNbLydzwz9l23ntPDfiSC7j8qeLVPLkTOdrhACM+xruvjQCfgz4lxz/on/swruaKVT31byt+A4vllfzv+NzyTw4p/wCGTcYOT4fuOMf7L1a/Z0H/ABZPS/8ArtP/AOjWr1Gircryk+//AASUrQjDt/lY+adI8RTfAT4keKV8U6NqFxo+s3HnWt7aRhg3zOygFiqk4YgjOQV6Gt34dQ6r8QvjhdfEeXSrnTNEhtfIsftSbWnym0EdjwWJIyOQMmveaKUdLX6K36fkOXvX89Twv9nxSPGvxHyCP+Jrjp/00mqH4EAj4tfErII/04/+jpa96ooTs0+yt+X+QPVNd3c8N+ECkfHj4lZBH+k+n/TVq9Y8YaqNF8I39+2ky6wkUY8yxhXc0yEhWAGDngk474raoqbe4o9lYd/fc+7ufItlcaLr3xO0S7+Cmh67o96t2p1FHGLdIywJztdtq8NkEgY4Arf+LXhay0D4zzeKfF/hq817wrqMCmY2jOpt5FRVySrLg/KDgkAhj6V9N0U+it0v+Iurv1/Q8D+EjfDbWPHFvd+A/AOrWLW8Ujf2reyyGOJsYKgGR1LENjqDVv4XqR+0d8Rcg9u3+2K9xop/aT8mvvJavFrzT+4+cfhJoM3iXwH8TdGgISa9u5YYi/ADkNjP44rhvDzfDrw1pyaL8Tvh7rj+I45GUvBJKvngsQp2+cg9vlBBxmvseipWn3JfcV/m3954pqlpplv+y3rbaF4cuPDlrNDLIthcs7Sr+9A3sX5yQoPfArs/gwCPgz4ayMf6GP8A0I13FFVfVvvb8L/5itt5X/G3+QUUUUhhRRRQAUUUUAFcX4+0O81+60m0sk53SF5D92Nfl5NdpRQO9jL0DQLPw9pwtbIEk8ySt96RvU/4VpswRSzEBQMkntS1S1ewfVNOezS4NuspAkZVySmfmUcjGRxmh3YlZHH6rv1C3PimTcI7e6h+xqeMQhwGb/gROfoBW/rB+1eJdEsxtKo8l04PbYuF/Vv0p9/4R0e702a1g0+ztpJIyqTpbLuQ9j2P61MujONTN810GlFkLVP3f3TnJfrzk449utG239af5hv/AF/XQreFP39tf6gcH7ZeyupHdFOxf/QaVbu81bVL+O0u2srWxYRb0RWMsmMnO4H5RkDAwT61oaRpy6Ro9tYo/mCBNpfGNx7nHbJrOfw5Mv8AaUVpqBgt9QdpHURZdXYYOG3fdOOmM+hFD8uwIx9E1C7TS7OOCSP7frV3NM0pT5UQHlgv0AwD61oy6vPomsXdte3Ul7bRWBu98qorqQ2NvygAg9uKs/8ACN+TBpf2G5WG50yMxxyPFvVwVw2VyDzjPB4p7+HIrm1v1v52nuL+Py5ZlXZtUdAi84A68k+5ND8v67AvP+tdR2mx6lNbwX95qBUyKJJLURL5aqRnaDjdkepJ+lZa67fDwDNqzy/6TMz/AGchF+XdJtQYxg4461tWlhepb+TfX6zxiLygIoPLyMYySWYk/TA9qzE8KzGxsLOfUt9vYTI8aJBt3hTkBvmOT78D2p6X8gV7D7m71KXxNa6VZ3XlolmZbqQopPJABHHXg+3PQ9KoJqWsPomsXL6gY49OkmSGYRJvn2dN2V247cAZ9q6C30swa1e6i83mNcpGiLsx5aqDxnPOSc9qojwyR4UbRvtnMjFpJ/K+9l9zfLnv060un9d/0D+vwK02v3Es1nZbpreRrVLi6ltrVp2QsOFUBWAycnLDoKiutT1qz8OyM5YXc16sFk8yKrsjMMF1AwDjd2/CtabRp01dtQ0y7jt5JIVhkSaEyIwX7pADKQRn1p9zpEl5Lpr3N35n2OYzODEP3rYIHTpjPvT6/wBd/wDIXT+u3+ZTiudQg8VRafNeefHNZtNIPLVREwYAFMDOOejE1n+GobtNL1LV7e5nupJ5p3ihZYwJ9vyqThQc/L2IHtW+mlAa9calJLuMsCwIgXGxQSTznnJPoOlVtL0a80rSRY2+oR7Yj+4Y2/IGScP83zde22l0/ruPr/XYZ4cvX1CHzm1R7mQKBcW0kKxtBJ6YABA6jnOfWjXb6+j1XSrDS5FjluZHaRnUMBGq8/qR0x061b0/Smtb65vrqdZ7u5Cq7JHsQKvQBcn17k05tM3+IY9TebIitzCkWz7pLAls59gMYp9UHQyLSfVZ9W1SwOosLWz2EXRiTzclM7R8u3A652k/zqG21zUbjQvD7mRVur+5VJGCD5oxuJOOgyAPzrVh0N4LPVYku/3uoyySeb5f+r3LgDGecAe1Ml8PEQ6ULK5WGbTF2xs8W9HBXacqGH86S/y/4IP/AD/4Akuo3beJ7i1tTvitrHzTFgfPIzHaM9egP51X0PUJdQspJp9XkE6RH7VbNAiNbPj+EFcjHP3twNWrPQp7KbULiPUGe5vHRvNeIHbtHQjPI69McfnTo9CMk95c39yJrm7t/s7NDH5aonPQZJzz1JNLoPqUfBFnNHocd5LdTObxnnaJlTblmyGyFByRjvj2o1Rbi98bafbWsgj+y20kzyYBKbjtBAPfg4z9eela2jWE+maZFZz3Ec6wqI42SIp8oGBn5jk+/H0qrLot2NbuNTstQSKSeNYtklvvVVA/3gc5Oc5x7Gqdr6bErYy/+Eku7Gzv4pWN3cQ3ws7aQx5LkgHLKg52jOdo5xV/TJ9Sk1hQJrq4sDETLJd2wg2yZGAg2q2OvXP1p0nhiL+zoIbe5eO5gufta3LKGLy85LDjIOenFadnFeRl2vrqOdmxtWKHy1X8CzH9aS/r7hv+vvKOs308GpaTZ2shje6uT5hCg5jVSWHP4VTi1K5n8RXFnc372EqS4trYwrsuIwAS24jLE88KRitSfTPtGuW2oNNgW0LxpHs/ibGWzn0GMYqu+jXN3d2supXyzpaSeZCscHlsWwQCx3EHr2AFCBlOLUrmfxFcWdzfvYSpLi2tjCuy4jABLbiMsTzwpGKnsNWmln1y4uJM2tlMY4lCgbdiAtz35PepW0e4ury1l1K9S4js5PNhWODy2LYIBY7jnr2Ciqc/haeSx1Cxi1PyrW9leYgQ5cM3UFt3K+2AffFLpb+ug9LlaPX7xNI0eGWSR72/jM0syWxkaKPrkIi9eQBxjuac2sapp9neSuJriN5IobBryIRSSO/B3KAvyg88gHrWpc6I7Xdld6fcrb3FpEYV8yLzEdDjgqCD2HQ0l/os2padHFd3oNzFOtxHMsOFVlPA2Z5X2Jzz1qtL/wBd/wDInUy9Rtr3+39EsbnUWu0kmNxIrxKu0xrnjaB8uSODk+9aviW/n0/Q5JLN9lzI6RRNgHDMwHQ8d6bb6HKviBdWvL37RMtuYRGI9iJk5JUZOBx0OTz1qzqmmf2m1nulCJbXKzsuzO/bnA68cnPfpS7f1/Wg/wCv6+ZnG61G88VXGn2t35Fpa2yec4RS/mMSQVyCM4HfI9qs+F7+51LQ0uLxxI/mSIJAAN6qxAJA4zx2qW00lrWfU5xcBpr6TcG8vHlgKFUdecfhUukacukaPbWKP5ggTaXxjce5x2yaFsBdooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACisDS73WNYt5bqC4sreDz5EiV7R3JVWIBJ8wdcelX5tcsLW5ktZpy1xCqs8ccTu2D3AUEnp2zjvQBoUVTOr2K6bHf/AGlTbSAeW4BO/PQAdSfbGaZba1YXlw8EE5M0aGR43jZGQf7QYDH0PNAF+iua0/U7q80OwmudR+zXF9dExFYA5ZNxIQDGB8o+8ela66zYteG2WZmkD+WWWJigf+7vxtz7ZzQBeornYvEccOs6t9uuiLW1dI40SEvswuXZioJAycZPAxXQo6yRq8bBlYZVgeCKOlwFormNU1t49avbW41BtMgtIEkjMaIz3DNnpuByMjGAM571saJNe3GiWsuqxiK7dMyJjGPTI7HGOKN1cNnYv0VUvNTtbBkS4dvMkyUjjjaR2A6kKoJwPXFJLqtlDbRTvNlJv9UEQs0n+6oBJ/AUAXKKz/7d07+zpL43G2CF9khaNgyNkDBUjcDkjjFOt9asLq6NvBMWl2eYo8tgHX+8pIww/wB3NAF6isLQ/EJ1e/vojFIkUU5jgb7NKuQoG7cxGAc9jg+1XtVnMf2WGO++xyzzqiEQ+YZMclfQZAPJ6UdgL9FZc3iPSoGnD3JJtnKTBInby8dScA4HPXp71po6yRq8bBlYZVgeCKAForOuNf022lkSW4P7ptsrpE7pEfRnAKr+JFSXWr2NlPFDczhJJlLRqFLFwMdMDk8jjqe1AF2iqdtqtldWct1FOBDCWWVpAUMZHUMGAIx70211mxvLr7PBI4lK71WSF496+q7gNw9xmgC9RWT4jvriz0+FbGQR3NzcxQRsQDjc3PB9gamutc0+zmeKaZi8YzL5UTyeUPVyoIX8cUAaFFYWueIhpy6eLJTO15MgDCF5F8s8kjaOTgcAc98VtRSrNCsiBgrDIDoVP4ggEfjQA+iub0nxNA8dzLqN2SrXjpCREdsabtqhmUYXJHVjzmtyG/tp7y4tYpN01tt81NpG3cMjnvx6UdALFFQWV7b6hai4s38yJiQG2kZwcHGfcdarza3YW9y8EkzFoyBIUidljJ/vsAQv4kUAX6KoXetWFlM0U0rtIi7nWKJ5TGvq20HaPc4qRtUslFoftCkXjbbcqC3mHGeMew60AW6Kr/b7b7bLaeZ+/ijErrtPyqc4OcY7HiqkWv6dc2sk9tcMYkhMpm8h9iqBnrjGf9nOfagDTorLt9RistKtGv757uWZMrItuQ82eciNRnoR2471J/bmnf2f9uNyFtxIIizKwKvnG0gjIOT3HFAGhRUFpeQ3sZkt/MKA4y8TJn3G4DI9xxU9ABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFVNWuxY6NeXR/wCWMLv+Qq3RSaurDWjucp4Vj0WLT9Pht9UEt4IgxgTUmYbsZb92Hx68YpLCWOOLxLrj7STLJGjn+5GuAPzBrrKKctbiWljiLSNNKfwuuossFpDau5eRsIJiowCemcFsfjSTah5kfinV0VkxGlpCHXBJ29ce5ccV1t5DfSOrWF5FBxhlmg8xT7jDKQfxx7U3S9Nj0y2eNHaWSWVppZWABd2PJwOn0oet7+YLSxhCBbbXtEsjxHplg88iqCecBBwOp+9SaZcLZ68LfRr1L7TbgyzXCDDfZG6/fHqT90811dFO/UVtLHDD5Ph1qF6EX7Rqsjtx1YyPtUfkRXYxRGz01IoE3NDCFRfUgcCrFFLpZD63PPFkjNpa6wt15/iWN90lpJlnbJwYvL6oADwccde9dP4Wme6srm6uJCbqe4ZpoCTm3PQR4PTAA+uc1uUUwOX8RzwwXpvtP1AQavbRGNLVl3faVODs2Hk5Pden4VXu5iPFgn1bUH0gCxQQPmMKWJzIoaRSM5x0wcCuwopAchqllZPZabp9mWlj1PUBLM0ud0wXLMTn/dHtV7Hn+PmZFBWx08LgdmduB+S10NFH9fhYP6/G5zngieKXQMCVGumlkkuYww3I7O3DDseKfqDCfxrpsZb5LO2luXGemcID/Ougoo6gcKg8v4caheBR9o1WR2z3YyPtUfka7FIWtdLWG3A3xQhEB9QuBVmih7WDrc4e0uopPAX9kWpEuq3MbRyWwP7xZHJ3M46qBknJrR020R/GMm4iRdJsIrdS38Ltkkj32gfnXT0U+tw6WPPmVpfDq3TO8Vpfay09xMgB2RbiAxyCMZVeoIrqNKh0+6v2vYNRfVLiFPLE7MrKit1C7FC54571s0Ulp/XyB6/18zA1b/SvFmjWgAZYfNunHphdqn82rK0vUY7Xw3fW0xD6zPNPvtB/rXkZiB8vXbjHPTHeu0opW0sO+tzjvJTSdT8M2eoypHFaWznzHbCtLtCgAnvycCun1O6+xaTdXX/PGF3/ACGatUU5aoS0ZwcS29x4ItNA08h765KC4jA+aE7gzu46jGD168Yq1rElxZ+Kp7XT1Y3Oq2SRRMOiFWIZyfZTmuyrPtNK8nVrnUbmb7RPMNkfy7RDGP4Bye/JPenuw1SJ7S0TTtNitLUfJBGEQHvgVheD7+1j0aG1mmX+0pJJGuIcfvA5YkllHI+p9q6ail1uHSxyGlanDp9jqqXbA6rLdzN9lH+tlPRNq9SMYwemKggt10S98M2+qSrDHa28rNI7YUykAbQfXk4rtqKFoBxBv2fTfFOsKHjMjC1hDjBG1Qo47ZL9K0NctRpvgNNMt8I8ixWigdyzAH+ZNdPRR/wPwDrc4+cx23i66/tDVJNKjjtYo7R8xqsifxAF1POcdMHpT7+xsz/Yum2YZoby9N1L5uS0oUFiWzzycV1tFAf1+FgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKbJIkMTySsFRFLMx6ADqaNgHUV5nbeK/iJ4ut11bwNpGg2uiM7fZ5Nbmm868jB4dVjGEBwcbs9jXcWOqTw+HI7/wAVR22jzIha6VrlWiiwTz5hwMEDPOOvNGy1DrZGpRVLS9a0rXLY3Gi6lZ6jADtMtpOsqg+mVJFV7jxR4ftI1kutc02BHnNurSXcahpQcGMEn7wPBXrQBq0VQuNd0iz1C3sLvVbKC8uv9RbS3CLJN/uqTlvwqa41KxtLhILu9t4JpEaRI5ZVVmVcbmAJyQMjJ7ZoAs0VmQ+JtBuNIk1W31vTpdOiz5l4l3G0KY65cHA/OrllfWmpWcd3p11Dd20o3RzQSB0ceoYcGgCeistPE+gyawdJTW9ObUlODZC7jMw/4Bnd+lWrnVNPs7gQXd9bQTGJphHLMqt5akBnwT90ZGT0GRQBaoqppmr6brVmLvRtQtdQtiSomtZllQkdRuUkVaZlRCzsFVRkknAAo2AWivPvF3jpBJ4ZbwjrlndRXevwWN41pJFODGysWQnnaeB0wa7LVde0jQYUl1zVbHTY3baj3lykKsfQFiMmjpf+uj/UOtvn+a/Qv0VHb3MF3bpcWk0c8Mg3JJEwZWHqCODVG18R6HfanJptlrOn3F9F/rLWG6R5U+qA5H5UdbB0uaVFVrTUbHUIpZbC8t7mOGRopHhlVwjr95SQeCO47VDFrukzWNvew6pZSWt1IIredLhCkzkkBVbOGOQRgelAF+is+08QaNqEl1HYatY3T2ZxcrDco5g/3wD8v40/TNZ0zW7Y3GjajaahArbTLaTrKoPplSRmgC7RWbd+I9EsNSi0+/1jT7a9m/1VtNdIkkn+6pOT+FWrjULO0nhhu7uCCWfcYo5JQrSbRltoJ5wOTjoKALFFUNO17R9XtpbjSdVsb6CAlZZba5SRYyOSGKkgfjXNeE/ihoHivWNS023v9Pjntb1ra0Rb+OR75FUN5qKMEjk9M/dPNC1dg6XO0orP/t/R/wC2P7J/tax/tLG77F9pTzseuzO79K0KACiiigAooooA5+zuZ2+JOs2rTSG3j0mwkSIudis014GYDoCQignvtHoK43xnqnjO4+MGn+G/CviCPSrWfSvtLrJaRyguHkBOWUnoqjGccV11j/yVPXf+wLpv/o++rmNS/wCTldI/7ATf+hy0AP8A+EZ+Kn/Q+2f/AILYv/iKP+EZ+Kn/AEPtn/4LYv8A4ivSKKAPGbXW/HugfHPwx4X8Q+JotTsNTt55pY4rKKMHbFKQMhAw+ZAeDXsU88NrA89zKkMUYy8kjBVUepJ6V5H4t/5Or8Bf9g+6/wDRU9dL8VtAv9d0TTHsdPGsW9hqEd1eaSXC/bYgCCvPBIJDBTwcUmNHWaXruka5btPomqWWowocNJaXCSqp9CVJqxZX9nqVqt1p11Bd27EhZYJA6Eg4IBHHBBH4VxPw/u/Ad/e3k3hLR4dE1aOIR32nNZfY54h1AeIAA/7wyPesrQ/Hz6f8H7fWbPQ7CK6m1F7C1sLJfs9uZWuGjUnrtB6k+ufWqt+n4iV7f12uepUV5dpXiT4nQ/EjTfDviaHwmlvdW73bvYi5LtGhAZVLHAcFl6jGO9R2vjj4g+JdQ1+z8I6PoajRtSltTdalLIqSKvRFVCSX7liVXkcdaXn/AFo7B/X36nqtFeeL8V7dPhND4vurJYLiaX7KLOW4VEFx5hjIMh4CBgSW7KCax9A+K2pr4q0/TvEmo+DdQttVuPs9ufDupGeW2cglRKrH5gcbdy4AP1p2fNyieiuz1us/Rdd03xDZy3Wj3P2iGKeS3dtjJiRG2sMMAeCOvSuJk8YeNNf8R6lH4F0vRZtJ0e5Npcy6lcSJJdyqAXWIoCF25xlsjNHwRkkl8D3sk0JgkfWb1niZgxQmU5XI4OOmRRHXXyv+X+YS0++35/5Ho1FcT4s8Wa7F4nt/CvgixsLnWZrVryWbUpHW3toQ20FgnzMWOQAPTNQXvjHxL4a8IrN4o0ewl1+4vksLG20+5Pk3kj42sC43Iv3sg5IC+9Jaq/8AW9vzHt/Xz/I72ivNo/F3jnwzrGnL8QdO0FtL1S7SziudHlmLW0j52CQSD5gTgZGMU2/8a+M7/wAf6/4V8IaVpMkmmxwSJeajK6RRh03EOEyzkngBQAMHJoA9LoryXTPH/wARfE2l3n9geG9GtrzRp5LbU3v7lzFNLGTuSBU+bkYOXOBnHPWrur/Fa6h+G/hrxRo+lpcS6zewWz2TvkgvuDIrZA3blwCeO5FO36fjt94eXr+G56bRXlVz48+IWheJrPRdc8N6Nd3Otq50safeOqwsmCyzs45wpySo7cA542/B/i3xFN4r1Dwv45tNMg1O1tUvop9LdzDLCzFej/MCCOaP6+7cHod1RXi138Z9VvHm1LQL7wTDpMDyBbLVNY8u/ulQkZVQdsZbHAbPUVva18T9QP8AwhreEtMgv/8AhKI5WjjuXKFGCBhlgeACTu4JwvAzSV2rh1t/Wm56XUN5eWun2ct3f3MNrbQrukmnkCIg9Sx4Arh9U8W+KvD2haRY6lp2lX3i3V7pra3gs5nS0wAWMhZxuCqgyR1J6VS1jVvGumfD3xNceO9G8NXn2SyM0H2XzJba4POY5IpMNxgd8HND0TY1ukelI6yIrxsGVhlWU5BHrTZpkt4JJpm2xxqXY4zgAZNcf4i8Q69YeE9OvfD8Gh2vnW6yTXesXZgtbQbQQML8xzk4xjAHWsnwf4+ufFml+I9L1WTR7jUdLt8vdaJcme0nSRGIKMeQRgggmlO8VK3QUPe5W+p3uk6rZa5pFrqmlzefZ3cYlhl2Mu9T0OGAI/EVIl/Zy38tjHdwPdwosktusgMiK2cMV6gHBwT1xXMfCf8A5JH4Y/7B0X8qZYawG+L2uaUNOsUMOl29wbyOHFxLlnGx3/iUY4HbJq5pRm4+v4Exd4c3p+J2VFeN6X8R/iN4g8GN4n0fQNCWwsvOa5F1PIsl0sbHcIVUkJgDGXPJzxiurfx9cNc+DL+G2jXQvEi+XI8gPm28zx74hnOMHDKeOuOaVm/677feU9N/P8N/uO5orkb3xlLaeNtSsSkK6Po2lfbdRuWUl1kYkoinOB8isxyD1HSuYPjP4lyaGPFsHh7Qf+Ef+z/axp73Uv29ocbt24DywdvOMe1Lpf8Arr/kO2tv66f5npst/Zw30FlNdwR3dwrNDA8gEkoX7xVepAyM46VYrgJ/Ftrf+OvAz2NhZXFvrllczxXk0GbiBRGrgI2flBzhh3wKrTeL/G/iPWtTi+H2m6GdN0i7a0nuNXmlDXMqgF1jEY+XBOMtwTTaa0fn+DsLfX+tT0iivN/F3xJv9Dl03RYP7A0zX7uyF3cNrmoiK1tOg27h80hLZAAxwpNXPh18QJvFV5qOkarLo9xqenKkjXOiXf2i1njfOGU9VIIIKnnoe9CV9gem53lFFFIAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKyPFllcal4N1mxsSRc3NjNFFg4+ZkIH61r0VMo80Wioy5ZJnIfC7WrDVvhroxspU3WlnHbXMOQGgkRQrIw/hIIPWue8aNpXiP4neD9O1l7a98PzR3ciRsweC4u0wqo38LEDdgHPOeK3dd+EPgPxJqx1PWPDlvNeM255Y5JIvMPqwRgGPHcGtTUfA3hjVvDcWgX+iWkulQjENsI9qxdeUIwVPJ5BB5rSUuaXO9/6/wCHREVyrlW39f0zjG0XSfDnx10CDwhZWunm60+5Oq2tjGscZiXb5Tui4AO84Bxk1hfD7wV4c8Q6L40vdc0i21C5/tm/gSW5QSGJAxI8vdnYcsTlcGvUPC3gXw14Jt5IfC+kQ2Al/wBY6lnd+cgF2JYjnoTVvSvDek6JbXtvpdoIIr64kubhRIzb5JPvtyTjPoMD0qZK8beTX3u476p+af3Jo8Ns/B2gTfsuy6/PpkM2s/2c1yNRlG+4V0OE2yH5lACgYBAwK6LxVp1p4n+Jnw3tdchF3b3WnXMk8Lk7ZSI43ww/iG4A4PB716TH4P0KLwcfCsdjjRTCYDa+c/3Cckb927v1zmpX8MaPJqml6i9mDd6RE8NlL5j/ALpGUKwxnDZAHXNXzLnb6X/Rr9V9xHK+RLy/y/yZ5jaeAfCz/HvUtNbQ7P8As1NHhvF08RAW3nGRk3mL7hO3jkdzUGn+f4b8L/Fix8LxfZ00+5keyhhBAgL26s2wDpjkgCvWk0HTY/EcuvJbY1Oa2W1efzG5iViwXbnb1J5xmiw8P6Zpt5qV3ZWojm1SUS3jF2YSsFC5wSQOABgYFZ/Zt5Nfjf8AIvaV/NP8LfmeU634O8AW3wHk1Wx07TY5U0wT22qRxoLhrjZlWEo+YsXxxnrxSaho8Xib4peBbXxdaC7Z/Dzy3VvN915RsJDr0YbucHIyK7S0+EHgGx1/+2bXwxZx3oYOp+YxowxgrGTsU8dQoro59A0y48Q2uuTWwbUrSF4IZ97Daj4LDAODnA6iruubm/paNfr+BNny8v8AT1X+X4nCeEtLsfD/AMcfEum6HaQ6fYSaVa3DWtsgSLzNzruCDgHA7CrXxrmKeAoYJ5DFp93qdpb6hIG27bdpRvyewPAPsa7KLQtNg8Q3GuRW23UbmBLeWfex3RqSVG3O0YJPIGan1HTrPVtOmsNTtorq0uF2SwyruVx6EVPReX+d/wAtClo2+/8Alb/gnkXxA8NeEtA8SeBG0DTtN02+l123ASzVYmlhGcsVXG8A7fmIOM9ea0tE0XRPFPxY8Z/8Jfp1lqV9ZywQ2dvfRLKsVr5YIZFfI5Ytkgda6PSfhN4H0JYhpXh+C3aG5S6SQSSNIJE+6d5YtgZ+7nHtVrxV8N/CPjWaObxNokN7PGAFmDvFJgZ4LoQSOTwTinsvv/G3+X4hu/kvwb/z/A8tuGl0Hwf8Vrbwcxi0izlQWgt2+SBmjX7SIyDxjOcDGD6V6J4d8GeAdOsdD1DSNJ0iGVERrK9iRFklYpjPmDlyQT1JrpdN0HSdH0ZdJ0vTra108KV+zRxgIQeuR3z3z1rA0T4UeB/DuvHWdG8PW9tf7iyyh3YRk/3FZiqdf4QKE7P7tfRf1/wQeq+/8TA+F17a2fhnxet3cwwG016/a48xwvlAtkFiegx3rz5reO+/Z7+HtrMW8m41+GJ9jlSVaaUHDDkcHqK9kv8A4YeC9T8UDxFf+H7WfVMgmZ921iOjMmdjH3IJ6VbHgXw4NC0/Rxpo+wabcrd2kXnSfupVYsG3bsnkngkjmiNla/8Ad/8AJf8AMfV2/vfjf8jzjxf8P/C1r8U/A9hZaJa2dnfi6hvLe1TyUuUjjV1WQLjeNwB5znvmtbQ9LsfDXx61XTvDtjb6faXXh6O5e2toxHGZVmZQwVcAHBr0C90HTdR1nTtVvLbzL3TDIbSXzGHl712twDg5HqDQNA01fEra+Lb/AImbWotDP5jcxBt23bnb15zjPvQtl8/xuKVmvu/B3/I+efC/hTxX4x8JXmof2T8PLx7qa4+2XesRXDX8Um9g29xnYR2AIwAK6bxBoJvtX+E2ieJ7mHVw0dxHdSwSs0V0FhU/e4LKcDOevfrXf6v8I/Amva6dY1Xw3az3zNveQM6LI3q6KwVj9Qc1uT+F9GuL3SbuSwjE2jbvsBRmQQBl2EBQQCNvGCCKItK1/L8Lje7fr+JwdnoWleHvj/DY6Fp1tp1nfeHpGubW1iEcUrLMoBKD5c4JGcd6h+Ffhvw/a+J/GM6aNpsN1Ya9JHayC1jV7eMxrhUOMqvJ4GBya9HfQdNk8SRa89tnU4rZrVJ/MbiIsGK7c7eoHOM1nSeAPC8vjJfFb6PCdbUYF2GYE8bclc7SccZIz70RdrejX/k11/kErO9vL8rHmsWiab4F1K01DWND0XX9L1DWRJaeILbaL6GSWXcm84/eKGOMq/T+GvbK4/TvhN4G0nxJ/b2n+HbaHUQ29ZAzlUb+8sZbYp9wBXYUfZSE9ZNhRRRSAKKKKAObsf8Akqeu/wDYF03/ANH31cxqX/Jyukf9gJv/AEOWunsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31ch8QPBHj3U/iPZeJvAeq6RYfZ9OFoft+4tu3yFiAI2GMOO/rQB6nRXjf9g/tAf9DX4X/79H/4xR/YP7QH/Q1+F/8Av0f/AIxQBJ4t/wCTq/AX/YPuv/RU9egeK7/xRp0EFx4T0a01raW+0Wk139nkYcbdjkFfXOfavOfD/wAOviRN8WdD8W+O9Z0S+i0uKaLbZl1fa8UigAeUoPzPnk9K9moA888O6R4n13x7F4u8V6Na+HvsthJZwWEN2LmaQu4JaSRQFwNvAGetcXrWh6j4f+COmeHdVsGl1O910+Vp0U6q9xm4eUKJgcRnaM788dK93rN17w9pPijSn03X7CG/tHOTFKOh9QRyDz1HND2sv61uNdb/ANaWPI/ABvPCPjOzi8aeGtdt9T1gmzsdT1TXotUdQAXMXyBTGvy5zg5PU8V2/wAO/DmqaBe+Ln1S3EK6jrk13akSK3mRMq4bgnHQ8HBq54X+GHg3wZeNd+G9ChtLlhjz2keV1HcBnZiv4Yrq6pvT5W/FP9Cddvn+a/U8gtvhnrF/8FI/D99bW0GrWupSX8FvdlZYZCJ2dUk2kgqynB+tW/Cuham/iO1ku/hH4X8NR2sm59Rjlt5ZGwDzCscYKnIHLEYBr1SilfW/9f1oOXvbnl1lpvjnwT4h1qz8NeH7HWtK1i/kv4byfUBb/Y3kA3CRdpZxuHG3tW78LfD+r+G/Ct1Z+II40vJNSupyYiCjq8hYMoBOAeuCcjvXaUUloreVvl/SB6u/nf56/wCZ594s0fxNpPjyDxl4O0uDWpHsPsF7psl0LZpFD7kdHYbcgk5z26VDreieMPGPha0v73TrDRde0vU49Q0+zN0Zkwg5jlkUYycuMqMdK9HooWit93lrf8wer9f8rfkeZPZ+NvH2oaXB4q8NW/hnS9Nvo72bGpLdSXbx8oqhAAq7sE5OeK1vDvh3U9P+Lni7Wrq3CafqUNotrMJFO8ohDDaDkYPqK7eimnbb+r/8MHf+utzifAfh7VNFTxYNTtvJOo63c3Vr+8VvMicKFbgnGcHg4NcfB4A8SL8JfBWjNp4GoaVrUN3dwefH+7iWV2Lbt204DA4BJr2aihO1vLl/8l2/4I27t+d/x3OM8UaDqWo/ErwbqtnbeZZaY92buXzFHl74tq8E5OT6A0g8Pai3xquNde2/4lUmgrZifzF5l84sV253dDnOMe9dpRS7fP8AG/8AmDd1934O54bp/gDV/CinQ4/hZ4Z8V26yubfW7ma3icRsxK+crxl2ZQcfLngV1+p+EdVm8WfD28ttPs4LbRRP9uSzKxw25aEKBGpwSu7gYFeh0U02hdW+9/xOK+IPh7WL+40TX/C0VvcatoVy80drcSeWtzG6FXj3/wAJIxgnjI5rK1geOvGfw98SWGq+FbbRprmxaGzs11JLiWWQ56uMIq9Mc16VRU20aHfVPseVeN/B+uXL+FdQtvDtl4qg0i0aC50O7uEiV5GVAJAXBQlcHqOnTrTfA3gzXNK17xZfXvhzTdCg1axhS1s9MdPKRgsgKcY+bkZbaASeM4zXq9FN6pp9b/iKPu2t0t+Bznw90q90P4daFpeqQ+ReWllHFNFvVtjAcjKkg/gaoWWgalF8Xtb1ySALp91pNvbQzb1+eRXcsNucjAI5I712VFOT5pOT8/xElaPL6fgeceB/Ces6N8Ervw/qNoItTeO9VYRKjbjIzlPmBxyGHfjPOKe/gvU7v4E6doDxC31zT7G3kt13qfLuoQGQbgcfeXGc4wa9Eoobbv52/C9vzKvrd+f47nn/AIZ8HajqHgXXovGMS2ur+J3me+jjdX+zhl8uNAwJB2oF/HNY0EfxRTwyPBjeG9OCrafYh4i/tMeVs27d/kbfM3be3TNes0UnZ+mmnpsJXXr/AJnnreCLzTvGPgI6XCZdL8P2VzbTztIoK5iVE4JySSD0BxWfbWPjnwHrer2vhnwza+ItI1XUJL6CY6ktq1m0mN6urA7l3ZI284zXqVFNtt3fn+Lv+YrK1vT8NDynxh4K1q917TPFreF9F8UXy6aLPUNGu3QR7t24PC8qkAglh83UV0Xw+0m7shd3d74I0Pwh5yoqW2nGN5WxnPmPGqqR0wBnvXaUUJ2G9QooopAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRUF85j0+4dZ/s5WJiJtm/y+Pvbe+OuO9JuyuNK7sT0VymmeMdH0/wdoV/rXiSK9TUEWOLU5LY263T7SxYoBiMYVjzgDFS+GfiL4T8Y31zZeG9bgvrm2yZIlVlOAcbl3Ablz3XI5qmtWuxN9EzpqKraiL06bcDSmgW9MZEDXAJjD44LAckZ7CvNZrzx14Q8XaFFrPiyy8RW+tXwtpNNTTEtnt1KsxkjKsSyrjkt29zSWrsN6K56nRRXH6n8WPA2jeIP7E1LxHaw3+7Y0eGZY29GcAqp9iRR1sHS52FFc54p+IHhbwVHE3ibWYLEzDMceGkdx6hEBbHvjFWdN8YeH9Y8Ny6/peqQXWlwxtJLcRknywq7m3LjcCBzgjPtR0b7B1S7m1RXGt8XPAa6rZ6a3iW0F1eKrQoQ+PmAKhmxhCQRwxB5rSu9R8rx/p1gddEInsppF0n7Ju+0FWX97538O3ONvfOe1Ozv/XQV1Y6CiuT8RfFHwX4U1ZNM1/X7e1vXIBh2vIUzjG/YCE6g/NjjmtHWvGXh7w7oEet6xq1vbadKAYrjdvEuRkbAuS2RzgA0ul+hVnext0VleHfE2j+LdITU/Dt/HfWbMVEiAjDDqCCAQeRwQDWrTaa3Fe4UUUUgCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDm7H/kqeu/9gXTf/R99WB4o8V+LYPijZeFfC0ei+Vcab9raTUUlLBg7ggFG6YUdvXmt+x/5Knrv/YF03/0ffVzGpf8AJyukf9gJv/Q5aANTHxU/v+D/APvi6/xox8VP7/g//vi6/wAa7eigDyyLxx410z4w+HvB/iSHQHt9WgmmaWwjm3qEjkYAF2wOUHY8V6nXj/i3/k6vwF/2D7r/ANFT1rfHeO0m+H1tDqbKtlLq1mlyXfYvlmUbstkYGO+eKXVLu0vvdh9z0qivENLsvB3h74jeG7P4QalHI13PJ/atnY6i93bm2CHMkmWcKwbaAcj0ruvEPjLxRp2qzW+geAL7WLS2P7+8e+htlIwCTErZaTHI7cjFN2tcWt7Ha0yaaK3gea4kSKKNSzyOwVVUckknoK5C6+JmlReBtM8SWdtdXv8AazpFY2MKjzppmyPL64BGGyc4GDWRqPiXxFrHgXxTa+KPBtz4dkTSbiSOQ3sd1FIPLIxvTGG9sdKU7xUvK/4FQSk0u56LbXMF5axXNpNHPBMgeOWJwyupGQQRwQfWpK8y8BeKzB4P8G+H9GsTqd++m28l4BL5cdjAUH7yRtp5P8KdW9hzWxpGpaZH8TPF8FtpTQ39va2s11efaWb7SCjbV2HhNoBHHXPNXOKhJror/gRG8lf0/E7WivJrb41apfeGIfElh4B1GfRI4zJf3gu418gD73lowDTAc5ICjg11PiLx+NOg0iLw5pE/iDUtahM9jaQyrCGjChi7yPwgww9eTSaaGdhUF3f2lgsTX11BbCaVYYzNIE3u33VGerHsOpri/Anj3XvFev6rputeD/7B/svCTu2ppcESkAhNoUHBU5DDI4pvxX/5B/hr/sZLH/0M0JaxXdr8XYOj8r/gjvaK4tdS0qD4y3lqdMKaiNCSeTUftDHdCJSPL8roMHncOTnFV/C3xC1nxPqFtNF4LvIPD19n7Jq/2yJywwcM8I+ZAcEZ57etJar+u7X6A9G/66J/qd5RXjfhDxj46u/ix4ksrrwtPLZi6to5431mMppcez7yrjD7h85C4PY817JT6J9w2bXYKKKKQBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVS1n/AJAV/wD9e0n/AKCau0joskbJIodGGGVhkEehqZLmi0VF2aZ8+yW0F78KfhBbXcMc8EurWyyRyKGVwVfgg9RXeeKYY4fjn4DaKNUZra/jJVQCVEa4X6D0ruf7D0n7LZ239l2X2exdXtIvs6bbdl+6yDGFIzwRjFTTadZXF9b3s9nby3VsGEE7xKZIgww21iMrkdcda1ck5N+bf3qxko2jbyS+5tkWr6nYaPpM9/q8629lCv76VgcICcZOOg569uteJX1p4C8KX2l3fwe1S3PiC7v4YvsOn6k12t3GW/eCVC77VCFju4xiveXRZEKOoZWGCpGQRWbpvhnQtGupbnSNF06wnm/1straJEz/AFKgE9T1qI6Sv/XoW9YtGhKHMDiM4cqdp9DjivH/AIZeK/Buh/DQ6V4p1TTLPUoJ501WzvpEE0s3mtuJjPzSZ46A+navY6zLjw1oV3qyapdaLp0+oRjCXclojSr9HIyOp70LRh0PPdP13RvDvxq8UzeLr+z06W8trVtLub2RYka3CEMiM2AMPnIzz6VmQSWmpL8VNZ8PMj6FdaeI45oT+6nuEgfzXTHB6qCR1Ir1rVdD0nXbdYNb0uy1KFG3LHeW6Sqp9QGB5qtrmiLfeDdR0TTUhtBc2UttCoXbHGWQqOAOBz2FRO/I15Nf1/W+pcHaafmvw/r7tDxdPFPgp/2ZV0SG9059Sl0tYF02MKLh7sqACIsbixfB3Y565711yRXUHxc8CRagc3aeHrhZj6uBFu/XNdR4T8Eafoeg6Gmo6dptxrOm2MVsb9bdWcFVwdshXdjr6V0T2FpJfx30lrC13EjRx3DRgyIrYJUN1AOBke1bza9o5eb/ACa/UxSvBL+t0/0PnvRn1S01TxPaXvxW03whcnVrhrnTtQ0u1dpVZsq++VgXVkIwOcDiulh0nw5pPgLwlbyfEG1tbyxmnu9I1i5gSKCblgy+W527MPgAMDjlTXqepeG9D1m5huNX0XT7+eD/AFUt1apK0f8AulgSOg6VLqGiaVq9iLLVdMs761XGILm3WSMY6fKwIrNXUUvT8DR6yb9fxOY+GfiiXxRpuqSXMWnvNZ37W73+mZ+z35Cr+9QnPbAPJxjrXa1DZ2Vrp1nHaafbQ2ttEu2OGCMIiD0CjgCpqbJQUUUUhhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBzdj/yVPXf+wLpv/o++rmNS/5OV0j/ALATf+hy109j/wAlT13/ALAum/8Ao++rlfHHg7x1e/Eqy8UeB7zQ4Bb6cLQrqZlyW3yEnCIRjDjv1zQB6dRXlX2L47f9BPwV/wB83H/xFH2L47f9BPwV/wB83H/xFAFTxb/ydX4C/wCwfdf+ip66T4vaTPrXhKxs7ewk1AHV7NpoI4TLmMSjeWUA/LjrnjFc3pHgH4iXvxc0Hxf42v8Aw9LFpMM0OzTmmDlXjkUcMgB+Zx3HFewUdU+zT+53DozP0nQNH0GJ49D0mx02OQ7nSztkhDH1IUDNeKeKfDp1TxxrcPjfwP4i8VS3FyTok1nO62UEOwAKzLIqxnIOSQSffv73RSau9Rp2Wh4dpHhnxDp3wj8D39rotzPqPhy/e5n0tx5cskZaRWCh8fMAwIz17V1tx4p1Hxv4P8RWtr4P17S4zpc6RtqtuIJJpShARI8ljnPX8K9Eopz9/mT63/EUfcaa6f53PHvBOjax8PNJ8P6haaZeTafqtpbxa1p6Qu89pceWqrOExuxwFde2AccGuh0vS79Pit44vHs51tbrT7SO3maMhJWCPkKTwSMjOOma9AopzfO3frf8f8gj7v4fgeS+GdF1S3/Zcm0mfTbuLUjpV3GLN4GExYmTC7MZycjAxzmub8Yz6lpS+AY9N/ti11mz0NsLpGm/bLyIlYlPmQOQpj4IOSDux6Gvfq5XxX8P9O8V3sN+2oato+owxGFb7SLw28xjznYSMgjPqO9EpNycu/8Ak/8AMIpKKXa/42/yOb+EWo6c8+qW11LrZ8UXZW81H+3dP+xzyqBsVljGVCDGAATjNbPxMsLy/sfDy2NrPcmHX7OaQQxl9iK/zMcdFHc9BWh4V8C6b4UlmuYbvUdU1GdBHLqOq3bXFw6A5CbjwFGegArpabeqfa34MS2a73/FHn8tjqUXx0vtWh06ea1Xw0Io5NpWOSUTFhGHIxux+Wc1y2gC+m8fac/gzwl4m8LRC6Ztbh1BfL0+SMg7vLXeVL7sYZAOuT1r2milHS3l/m3+o5a38/8AJL9DzGym1Pwr8Zte83w7q1/Z+JHtWt76ygDwQbE2P5zEjZjr79q9OoopdEg63CiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiqOtsV0C/ZSQwtpCCD0+U0m7K40ruxeorhfBHjldTEemas+LwDEUx6Tex/wBr+dd1VNWJTCisPU9RmHiK00pbv7BHPC0nngKWkYEAIu4EZ7ng1bkvDpVtFHezyXtxK5SFUjAklPXGBgZx1PA+lLpcZo0ViXHiGI6TqsgjmtrmwjJkimC7lJXK8qSDn2NLZX507StPtJ/tF9fvbqxjQhpG4G5iWIAGT1JoA2qKyU8R2T6ebkiZWE5tvIKgyGUHGwAEgn6HHvUep65NaaDe3Y0+6hmgjJCyhOMg4bIYqRnqASfak9Fca1djaorP0S4u7jSYG1GGaO4Ea72l2DzDjlgEJAH5fSmXGuww3E8UVtc3X2YA3DwICsXGeckEnHOFBNN6OwlqrmnRWUniK0k020u4o5nN6SLeAKPMk+gzgDAzkkADrUkmsw29i1xewXFqRIIxDIgLux6BdpIbOexP6GgDRorOOsxQ2s1xqFtcWCQgE+eqndngYKFgTnjGc+1Ng1uOS/htLi0ubOS4UtB54XEoHJxtY4OOcHBoA06Ky7bXYby+ntrS1uZmt5vJmdQoVD65LDI9hk8dKpan4ohh0m8ura3upII1dFu0QGMuMgAc7sZ43Yx70ulxpa2Ohorn7FwtxpNndXN8bu3svPl/efI+QFJkyck5zinQ+LrGezt7tLe6FrPKIvPZFCoxOAD82T9QCB3qra2Jvpc3qKz7rWI4LxrWC3uLyeNQ8qW6qfLU9CSxA59Bk+1ZOra4uo+FxNpUk0DXd0trDJjY2fM2kjuOAfQ0txnTUVmw63ayWd/ORIiafI8c28DOUGSRzyCOlXbS4F3Zw3AjeMSoHCSABlBGecE80AS0UUUAFFFFABRRRQBzdj/yVPXf+wLpv/o++rz/AMb+FNL8WftC6TZazHJJCdDyQkhU8STEcivQLH/kqeu/9gXTf/R99XMal/ycrpH/AGAm/wDQ5aAJf+FE+CP+fS6/8Cmo/wCFE+CP+fS6/wDApq9GooA8CfwdpHgz9p7wTa6FFJHFPZ3UjiSQuS3kzDv9K99rx/xb/wAnV+Av+wfdf+ip6634latf2umaZo+i3bWV/r2oR2CXSfegQgtI6/7QVSB7kUeSD1OzorgLP4K+ENP1CLUrGPUoNVjdXbUV1OczSkEH58sVIOBkYq14g8datba3c6R4N8J3HiW8sghvSLyO0ig3jIXe/wB58YOAOhHNGgK7O1orgb74q2dl8PbnxO2mXCyWV4lleafKwWW3lMiowJAbOA24Y6jHrWZ4q8a+MJfhx4iv7TwZeaZ5duTazyalEkohZG3T7RkoyYB2Z3HIwaUnZN9v6/UcVdpdz1GoL2+tNNs5LvUbqG0tohukmnkCIg9Sx4FeV2fiPVdQ+BepXfjzwlJ9it9JjdRJq4kbVE2ZLF0G6MnAPOT81Zfxc1PVbv8A4QqwsvCK6po9xd20yRS38apdSbHxasrA8Ywd7fL2qpRaly+aX3/1t8tyYyTjzeTf3f1+p7TZ3trqNnFd6fcw3VtMu6OaCQOjj1DDgipq8702TS9O8d+FtPk8Jw6Pqc+kXDolvdDy7AbkaSEIgCNlj94Y6cdaSb4naze31y3hLwNf69pFncPb3GopeRQ7mQ4byY2+aUA5HGORQ1rp5/g7Av6+656LRXI+JPFfiTT7mK38MeB73XZGiWWV5LyK0ijBz8u987nGOQB361geI/H+o6r8GtY1rwzpNwmoW6z2t3A12kMunOgYSPu5DFOCAOTkYxUt2Tfb+v6ZUVdpd/6/pHptFedeCvGurwfDb+2fHGiS6Xa2NjDJHdtfLdyX6lPv7V5ViccNyS1SW/xI1q21S1HirwPe6FpF7OlvbajJfQzYd+EEsaHMeTgdTyRVuNpcv9f15bkKV4839f15noNFNkkSGJ5JWCoilmY9AB1NeZn4sa3cWba3pPw+1K+8LqrSf2mLyJJXjXOXS3PzMvGRyMipLsej3t9aabZyXeo3UNpbRDdJNPIERB6ljwKWzvbXUbOK70+5huraZd0c0EgdHHqGHBFeLfFzxDf683gxdH8NR69oOoX0F1C0l7HGl9IVci3ZGHAx825uO2K9c8N2wtPDdjENHh0MiIM2m27IyWzHlkBQBTgk8gYppOzb6O39f1+aJbV0l2v/AF/X5M06KKKQwooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKQnapJ6AZo2Ap22sWN5q17pttP5l3YhDcxhGxHvBKgtjGSBnAORxnqKu1578LdRt38Dap4pvpPLXUdRvL6eWTHyxq5RfwCRgfhRo3xG8Qa1e2dzbfD/Uh4dvnRYNUN3F5hViAJGt/vKnOc56c07apddPxB6X+f4HoVFcDq3xE1ltavtO8E+DbnxL/Zsvk3tx9uitIo5MZKKXzvYAjIA4ouviraJ8P5fEtppkzS298lhdafcSCKS3lMqxsrEBhkbgfcY6Ulrt/Vwem531Fc74s8Wf8IvLoafYvtX9ranFp+fN2eVvBO/od2NvTj61h638Sb6w8aX3hfQ/Ct3repW9tFcRLDcJEjh92d7uNsYGBzkkluBxR/X6h/w/42/M76ivNbr4iarq/wAN/EF3pPh24t9f0ovbXumyXaRtatsyZFlxhgFO4YxnHFRfDzxl4k/4VWdW8T+H5ooNP0lLm3vpdSSd9T2xlixAG5CcA/Nk/N7UbJt9Lfj/AF/VmNJtpLqen0V5tY/E/XtV8PT69p3gS6fSk043kNxNfJH58igFo1TaXxjdhyPmx05zW/rPjm307wPY+IbC2+3nUmt0srYS7POeZlCruwcdcng9DT5Wnb+tdiU01c3bbV7G71S9023nDXljsNxCVIKBxlTyOQQDyMjgjqKu1wWrTtpHxw8PSoqquuadcWc+G6tCRKh98bnH412uoX9tpWm3N/fSCK2tYmmlkP8ACqjJP5Cloo8z/qzHq5WRYorzFvizrcFmNcvfh9qVv4WKCX+0zeRNMsRx+8a2HzBe/XpzWr4l+JJ0bxDpmj6Podxrtxqti91Zi1mVfMIK7QSwwqkEkuSAMdDmjUDuaK4C/wBYil8T+BJfEfhl7XWb2W5SJTfbv7PcRHd9z5ZcgYyemciqniD4qaxaT6s/hTwTc6/p+iyPFf3pvo7ZUdACwRSGZ8A8kDt3oem/9WGk3t/X9WPSqK8z1fxRDqvgbwtrnijwwEe81i1NvaJqe8QM7nypvMjAD8YbaeOcHpV7W/iTfWHjS+8L6H4Vu9b1K3toriJYbhIkcPuzvdxtjAwOckktwOKbTWj72+5J/qLfVf1rY76iuZ8E+Mf+EusbwXOmzaTqenXBtr6wmcOYZMA8OOGUg5BHWumotYAooopAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFU9XiefRL2KFS8klu6qo7kqQBVyik1dWGnZ3OU8HeDIfD8C3V2Fl1F1+ZuoiB/hX+prq6KKpu5KVjC1qe0v7O4sbvSru5k5EcZtWIY9mEg+VfqWBrI/sy7tb7SX1z7ZcxQ2JhaazaUskuQefL+YggYz04rtKKWwzl9UsUm8PJa6XY3EQvrqNZS8bFyu4Zdyct0Xq3NMurQReK7241OHUGgmhjW2ksjNgAZ3K3lc9TnniurooA5e7tRZ6nol3b2E8dhB5rSRRRF2jd14ZlXJJ6889aseJvP1Lwu4trW4KvLHvjMZ3tGHBYhRz07Yz7V0FFAEdvKs9ukkauqsOA6FCPqpAI/GuPjl1DTfD2r20en3UupSzzvlIW2sGPDh8YbjHAyfau0opNXBaHKx2kmj61pUssFw9lb6cbdTDE0pSTIzlVBPIHWrGsmeW/wBFv/stybS3md5o1jLOpKkK2xck/h0zXRUVVwX9fkc7r3n6hZWFxb2tyYLe+jlliMRDvGvcJ97rjjGeOlPMcmreIrTUBBNFZ6fHIUaaJkaWRhjhWAbAA7gZJ4rfopAc9odldxeEJ/3bRX1350xWQbWDuTjOfwrJkS7n8IaZottp10pZ4YbtnhZBGAQW6jkHHUZHvXb0Udfu/AP+D+Jyl9Fdi88R30VtOzC0S2tgsRJf5SSV9Rlu3pUl5pcsem+HtKgidkiuImmZUO1VjXcST2ycde9dPRQtPw/ADklu7jQ38QTTWk0k8kzTxSeWfLaMIMZf7oxg8Zz6Cmadp04tvC1qsUhhiVrud9p2htuQCemcufyrdutEW8MiXF9ePayNl7UuuxvbO3dj23YrSACqFUYAGAB2oWi+78Aev4/icZJZzXvivVNHjj/0OeaK6upM8bQo+T6sVH4ZrtAMDA4FU9N0yHTIpVhaSR5pDLLLKQXkY9yQB9KuUdLB1CiiigAooooAKKKKAObsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31cxqX/Jyukf8AYCb/ANDlrp7H/kqeu/8AYF03/wBH31UfFnwy0rxfr0Or3uo6pZ3UNuLdTYzrGNoZm7oTnLHv6UAdlRXm3/Ck9J/6GXxN/wCB6f8Axuj/AIUnpP8A0Mvib/wPT/43QBkeLf8Ak6vwF/2D7r/0VPXY/Ebw/qWs6PY3vh4I+r6LfR39pDI+1ZyuQ0ZPbcrEZ9cVR0H4RaLoHiiz1+LU9YvLyzDiL7ZcJIoDIykfcB6Meh613tAzz6y+JuqX97Hp8Xw68Uw3pYLK11bpFax8gE+eWwwGc8DkdK4Txj4D0ex+Imt6v4u8A6z4ssdVkjmtLnRjI8kDbNrRvGki8ZXIb3xXvlFHW4vI8R13wdHF8C76x8I+DL/RmutSgnXTXka4uHAljzIw3MV4Xpk4Az616n4u0u41rwLrOl2mPtF3YSwRgnjcyED9a26KJe9FxfX/ACS/QI+7JS7f53PIPtuq6/8AAPWdCPhXXLC/0/SFsvKu7XBupVTafJAJLjjrjnPFa/ivStQnh+HKwWNzKbLVLd7ry4mbyFELAs+B8oB4ya9IoqnK8ubzT+7UnlSjy+TX3qxw2sabez/G3w5fRWk72cGl3iS3Cxny42YphS3QE84HXiuZ8La3rnw4sZvCV14I1/VZIrud7G906FZLeeN5GdS8hYeWfmwc5r1+ipWiS/re5Xf+tlY8U+IGlTal47d/G3hDxD4l0Ke0gXTrTSJHaK2n58zzQjpg5I+c8Y/Sx4A8H6jF8HfGHh8aPNo815dXqWdncFjsV4wEAdvvjtu5Bx1r2Oilb3XHurfjcd3zKXaz+5WPHjY6r8QPgbeeFD4d1TSNQ0+0t4ANUhEKXUsW0lYzuyVOzG7gfMKwPDvg3wZPrtjBbfBvxJY6jBPG0txezypawEMMuJDMRIB1ACnNfQFFXzPn5/n8yLe4odilrOn/ANraFf6cXMf2u2kg3j+HcpGf1ryvRfFHibQvBlt4Lm8Aa5PrVrZ/YoriGFDYSbVKq5n3YUEDJBGe1ew0VFr3T2f/AAf8y7vTyPKNQ8Iahomg/DLR4IJr5tI1SA3csETMsYEb7nOB8q5OMn2r1eiircm736u/5f5EKNrelvz/AMwoooqSgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKR1DoynowwaWik1dWA8p8AaIdT+CmteDw/k3NvNf6Y+eNjF3Kk47YdT9DVjwf41120sdJ8L33gHX4tRtI4bW4uTCi2Squ1TIs27DDHO0DPau507w9Z6XrmqapZtKsmqtG9xCSPL3ou3eBjIJGAeedorVqr63fW1/Vf8Owev3v8f6R5Npmp6v8ADHV9c0668I67rdlqWqS39leaPbLOCJcEpINwKEHjJ6iqt/4H8Q3/AMK/EszWAj1vWNVGsR6b5ikoEdCsRYcbisfPPU17HRSV0tN9F91v8kPd/O/33/zZ43r2u6546u/CMlt4J17TLax123mupdQt/LZSAwO1BligycudoHHrx0+kabfQ/HfxFqEtnOllPpNqkVyYyI3YM2VDdCR6da72imnb8fxViWr/AIL7nc820LQtQn1L4mQSWs1uNTudtrLNGVWUG2C7lJ4YZ4yKoeGLvVdQ+C2o+GLjwvrWnX+l6K1kTd24VLmURMuISCS446gY5HWvWKKlq8XHukvuVv1Li+WSfZt/e7nM/D2xns/hj4fsdRt3gnj02GOaCZCrIdgBVgeh9q8+8GaVqH/CxV8IXUR/snwZcTXtvIzE+YJwfsyf8AV5PyFez1jaF4Ys9AvNVu7aWee51a7N1czXDKWzgKqDAGFUDAHP1NaOV6jm+t/v/wCARa0OU5fxFGdS+OXhC3iI/wCJZZXl9NjqFcLEo/Ek/lXSeNtCk8T+BtY0W3kEc17aPFGx6BiOM+2cVZtPD9pZ+JNQ1xWlkvb+OKJzIwIjjjB2ogA4GWJOc5J+lalZtXhy+v4sq7Uub0/r7zx+78UeJdc8FTeC08A65ba1PYixlubiFFsI8qEaQTbsMADnAGe1a0Xhq90v4seDxBbzz2Gm6BNaSXgjOwMNgALdATjIH+FelUVfNrzdf+A1+rJsrcvT/gp/ojhfGenXt58SPAlza2k81vaXdy9xLHGSkIMBALHouTwM9a8iu9Q1Z9f8S2mlz+Lxo1/qtyL9PD2hJeW0qkhT5c7sGjfAw+ARnOK+l68+ufg9pb6hJPpviPxRo9tNK0smn6bqzRWzMzFmOzBI3E84I9sVHX7/AMbf5Ft3X3fr/mZfiNLPxH8OfCB8D29xe6db6zYiNY4XLQxRPtbeCMrt24JPStjSNNvofjv4i1CWznSyn0m1SK5MZEbsGbKhuhI9Otdfoui2Hh7R7fS9IgFvaW64RASTyckknkkkkknkk1eq29bru396sRb3beSX3O5w3gTT7yz8a+Op7u0nghutTje3kliKrMohUFlJHzDIxkV3NFFT0S7JL7lYfVhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBRi0qCHX7vV1aQ3F1awWrqSNgWJpWUgYznMzZ57Dpzm9XP2dzO3xJ1m1aaQ28ek2EiRFzsVmmvAzAdASEUE99o9BXQUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFc/c+HNUnupZYvGmuWySOWWGKGxKRgnIVd1sWwOgySfUmugooA5v/AIRfV/8Aoe/EH/fjT/8A5Fo/4RfV/wDoe/EH/fjT/wD5FrpKKAOb/wCEX1f/AKHvxB/340//AORaP+EX1f8A6HvxB/340/8A+Ra6SigDm/8AhF9X/wCh78Qf9+NP/wDkWj/hF9X/AOh78Qf9+NP/APkWukooA5v/AIRfV/8Aoe/EH/fjT/8A5Fo/4RfV/wDoe/EH/fjT/wD5FrpKKAOb/wCEX1f/AKHvxB/340//AORaP+EX1f8A6HvxB/340/8A+Ra6SigDm/8AhF9X/wCh78Qf9+NP/wDkWj/hF9X/AOh78Qf9+NP/APkWukooA5v/AIRfV/8Aoe/EH/fjT/8A5Fo/4RfV/wDoe/EH/fjT/wD5FrpKKAOb/wCEX1f/AKHvxB/340//AORaP+EX1f8A6HvxB/340/8A+Ra6SigDm/8AhF9X/wCh78Qf9+NP/wDkWj/hF9X/AOh78Qf9+NP/APkWukooA5v/AIRfV/8Aoe/EH/fjT/8A5Fo/4RfV/wDoe/EH/fjT/wD5FrpKKAOb/wCEX1f/AKHvxB/340//AORaP+EX1f8A6HvxB/340/8A+Ra6SigDm/8AhF9X/wCh78Qf9+NP/wDkWj/hF9X/AOh78Qf9+NP/APkWukooA5v/AIRfV/8Aoe/EH/fjT/8A5Fo/4RfV/wDoe/EH/fjT/wD5FrpKKAOb/wCEX1f/AKHvxB/340//AORaP+EX1f8A6HvxB/340/8A+Ra6SigDm/8AhF9X/wCh78Qf9+NP/wDkWj/hF9X/AOh78Qf9+NP/APkWukooA5v/AIRfV/8Aoe/EH/fjT/8A5Fo/4RfV/wDoe/EH/fjT/wD5FrpKKAOb/wCEX1f/AKHvxB/340//AORaP+EX1f8A6HvxB/340/8A+Ra6SigDm/8AhF9X/wCh78Qf9+NP/wDkWtvT7WaysI7e5v7jUJUzuublYxI+STyI1VeM44UcDueas0UAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRWdr2kf29olxpv9oX+m+eAPtWnT+TPHgg/K+Djpjp0JoGjRorw2y8A3lz8U9U8NP8QvHIs7PToLuOQa2fMLu7AgnbjHyjtXc6l470bwFcWfhe8OtatqMdgssASL7Vc3mDtxxgvIcEk4AwCSRRpZPv/wAH/IXV+X/A/wAzuaK4/VfiRY6Vplhcf2F4hvbq+gE6abZ6Y8lzGvQ+YvRCDngnscZq1pXj3SNX8J3+vwR3kMWmrIby0uYDHcW7Iu5kZD0bGO+OetD0TfYFq0l1OmorziP44+GJPsc4s9ZGl3OxW1c2B+xwO38Dy5xuBODtyAe9bniv4had4Vvbex/s7VtZ1CePzlstHszcyrFnHmMMgBc8dabVgWp1dFcnqvxI0DRtD0jV9Qa5hs9WnEETPCVaNtrH51OGH3SMAE5wMVD4e+J2k+IPEX9iNp2s6ReyI0lqurWLW4vEXq0Weoxzzg47UWd7BfS52VFcNrfxX0jSdYuNNstI17XZbN9l5Jo+nNcR2rYBw7ZAzg5wM4q/efEfw7a+BY/FyXD3Gku6R+ZEuGUs4T5gxG3aTznpg0t1cOtjqqK8r8XfF5ovAOtal4c0TxFHNAgS1vpNKIiO5WK3A39Yht5YjuOOa6zwF4tk8XaCtzcaPrGmSxKiudUsxB57FQS8YBOV9+KaTd/IHpbzOoornPF3jjTPBsVqL2G9vry9cpaafp1uZ7i4IGW2oMcAckkiuI8LeI7TxP8AH65vbOG7tivhxY5ra9gaGaBxPkq6HocEeo54NEfedvX8E2D0jf0/NI9aorgNR+MOiWWpT29npHiDV7a1kMV1qGmaa01tbsp+YM+R077Qelbep+P/AA9pfhS08QyXjT2N8UWzFtG0klyz/dREHJY+nbBzil0uHWx0lFcRY/FLTbvQtY1K60XX9LbR7Y3VxaajYeRM0eDygJ2nOD/FWtrXjTTtC8Ep4ou4bp7J0hcRxIpkxKVC8FgP4hnn86dn/XmB0NFcp4m+I2ieE9ZtNL1NL17q8t2nt47W3MrSkMF8tVX5i5LcADGASSKxYPjZ4duLWVU0zXv7Xico2gjTWN+MDOfKBIC4wck459aXS4HotFc5onjvQtc8IzeI4bh7Wwtt4uhdp5b2zJ99XXsw9OfbNZGl/FnR9R1q3sJ9J1/S47yQRWd9qWmvBb3TkZCo57ntkDNOzvYV9LndUVxev/FLRPD/AIiutCls9UvtUghjmS0sLQzyXAfccIqnPG3knAGRzzVW9+KNld/DbVPEWgWOqT3Nnvglsls83NpNj/lpGTwFyCxyRgHrUt2TZSV3Y76ivN/APxPGq/D86t4nsNXsP7OsI57zUr+xEMN2SvzPCV++MjsB1HHNb3hXx/Z+K76Wzj0bXNKmSMyx/wBq6e1uJ4wQN6E5BHI9Dz0q3FqTiTfS51VFFFSMKKKKAObsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31eeeOvCOmeL/2hNKstX87yToeT5T7TxJMR2r0Ox/5Knrv/YF03/0ffVzGpf8AJyukf9gJv/Q5aAE/4UF4M9NQ/wDAkf8AxNH/AAoLwZ6ah/4Ej/4mvTKKAPn8eC9K8E/tO+CrTRPP8q4s7qV/Ok3nPkzD0HpX0BXj/i3/AJOr8Bf9g+6/9FT1vfGq+uLDwHC1tqtzpCzanawzXlrcGB44mkAYh/4eO/T1pdvl+Iz0KivG/Dky6T8RNG0/wX8QNR8Y2d4JTqkF7qKX620Sr8sgkUfuzuwMd812+n6hZS+OvFNhDe6rLdwW1u81vcyA2sKsjbfJUcgnB3Z6nFN6K/r+Alq7HW0V4VYf8kO+HP8A2HLP/wBHvXutU1a/k2vwX+Yu3pf8X/kFFee3vxn0G2vJlttJ8Qajp9u7JcavY6Y8tnCVJDZkzyBjkgEVh/GnxpGPA+m2+lW2r3tjrc0DNe6XETG8BdcxbwQQ7g4C9+RUdrdf1K2dmevUVzPw9sNK0/wVaR6Bo+oaJYuXdNP1IOJoSWOQwdmIyRnGe9YPha8g0/4hfEi8u38uC3ntZZHwTtVbYEnA5PAqno2u3/AJWqueiUVwum/FjSb/AF230250bxDpaXkgitL7UtMeC3uXPRVc85PbIFXPFHxH0vwxrEWk/wBn6trGovGJZLXSLI3EkEROPMcAjC5H19qQzrqK8i8DaxY6o/xN1a2ubuOykuvM862HlzxgWw3bQ33XGDwehHNdEPiN4e8M+DfC95f3OpS2erQKttc3SiWdsRbwZcHJc4x8oJLGnbTXy/FBv+P4Hd0VyPhf4kaV4o1qfSFsNW0jUY4/OS11azNu88WceYgJOVz9D7Vk+IvjRoXh+5vUj0fX9Xg09zHeXumWHmW9u46o0jMq5Hf0pAeiUVm+H9ZXxBoNrqiWN9p63KlhbX8PlTIMkfMuTjOM9ehFY2l6pYDx/wCJ7VL3Vpbm1gtpZ7e4kDWsKlWx5CjkE4O7PU4oejaYLVXR1dFeZp8d/C8un2+oW+n67Pp7AG6vYdOLwWOe0zg4B56LuxXpME8Vzbxz28iyRSqHR1OQykZBH4U7MVx9FFFIYUUVS1nUv7H0a61D7Hd332eMv9msovMmlx2RcjJ9qTdldhuXaK+dvgTf2WueI9a8Ta1pGuT64JrmUatIH+zRw4X/AEfO/bvGSdpXgYwRivWdM+Jej6t8M5/HFvbXy6ZBFLK0UkaCYiMkNgBiueOPmqmrRu+1/vD7VvOx2FFeG/FTW7fxFJ8K9asFljt77WIZ4llADqrFCAQCRn6E1o6aT/w11q4zwdAXP/fUdOMW3Z92vuVw6XXZP73Y9horG8VeK9K8G6G+q65M0duHWNFjQu8jt0RVHUmqHhfx5ZeJ4rtn0vWNEks0EksOs2Rtm8s5+cZJBHB71PfyA6iivNh8dPC/nLKbHXBo7S+UNdOnMLEtnH+sznrxnbWF8Sfivq/hr4neG9L0ix1eTTnctdx21gko1JWVSq27HliuTnBXk96OqXcOjfY9moqrpd//AGppNrffZbmz+0RLJ9nu4/LliyM7XXnDDuK8g+KEUOnQ6rfS/FXVLPXoQ0tho9lfRwrk8xRG3Qb5M8DJPOc9OKUvddmOK5tj2mqkuradBqkOmTX9rHfzoXhtHmUSyKOpVM5IGDyBWH8OL3XdQ+Hej3XiyN49WkgzOJE2MeTtLL2JXBI45NcL4D/4rb41eLPF55ttJA0fTX6gEZ3sPx5+j1bjabj2v+H/AAbEp3hzen9fdc9hor54+IE114ejiuvCvxT1nXfF4u1h/siC8jljkYZDg2sYwmAD9709a9/sHuJNNtnvkEdy0KGZB0V8DcPzzSWquN6SsWKKKKQBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFZniTX7Twv4bvtb1FZXtbGIyyLCoLkDsASBn6kVx//C7fCiX0K3UeqWmm3AIg1m5sWjspWAPyrKep4PIGD60Aeh0Vxnh/4o6N4h8SLoqWOr6dczRmWzbUrFrdL1ByWiJ5IA55AqLXfippuh6rNZjQvEepR2zlLq80/S3lt7YjGdz8Zx3256GjbcNzuKK5zWfHehaJ4UtvEE9xJcWd6E+xpbRmSW6ZxlEjTqWPp+eK8/fxhaeLPjR4HaGw1PTLm3iv/OstUtGt54w0Y2kqeCDg4IJ6U0m5cv8AW1xX93mPY6K4vX/ifpeh6tLp1tpOu65cWzBbv+xtPa4W1JGf3jZABxzgZPtXS6JrVh4i0W21XSJxPZ3Kb43wQfQgg8gg5BB6GktVcezsX6K5XxX8QtL8KX0WnvZ6nq+qTR+cmnaRaG4n8vON5UYAXPckdDim6T8R9E1jw7quqwRX0D6PG0l/p91bmK6gwm/ayMepA45wfWi+jfYdndI6yiubvvHGm6f8PB4ymgum042sd15SIpm2PjAxuxn5h3rj/H/xP1Dw1448Nafp+j65c2dwWluls9PWb7YpjJWOIk5LqfmYDGB3NNpp2foJaq6PVKKqaXf/ANp6Ta332W6s/tESyfZ7uPy5osjO117MO4ry7wv8WdS1P4m65o954e8SPZfabeC0T+y1AsAVwzTsDlVY/MCc/LzxRZ83L1Ff3eY9corifEHxT0rQ9Yn0u00nXdfu7XH2tNF083AtcjIDtkAHHOMk10Xh3xHpnirRY9U0WczW0jMh3IUZGU4ZWU8qQexpLVXQ3o7GpRXN+LPHOl+EPs8N3DfX9/d7jbafptsZ7iYL94qg7DPUkCmeE/H2leLXube3ttQ03ULRQ9xp2qWpguIlOcMVOQQcdQTRuD0OnorhvD3xZ0XxTqFla6Lpus3K3Lukl0tkTBaMucLLICQpOMgDPUZxmqWt/FvQd2qafDZaxcWtuksE+rwWDvYwygEFGlHTB6nGB60pOyuNK7sejUV5v8PvEOneGPgP4b1HV5WjhFpHGixoXeV2JCoirksxPYVs+GPiRp3iXVjpcula1oeoMjSw22s2JtnnRcZZOSGAz659quUbScV0Ii7xUn1OvorhbL4taJqWtDTNM07Wr2dL5rK4a2sTJHaMrlN8rA4RCRx3xyQK7qp6XK2dgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8+0r/k4TxB/wBgO0/9GPVe4jY/tNWTlCVHhqTDY4H78f416TRTWjXlf8b/AOYfzedvwt/keQ/FXxA9h4ystP8AEniLWfC/haWyLrf6OjCSa63/AOrMio7LhRnAAzk1heBogvgj4pJbzatdIwcxy6wSbuVTa5DSZAOSORkA4xxXvdFTb3HHumvvdyub3lLs0/uR4zrQA/ZCiwMf8SW26fVKtePta8KaPqunXOq63q/hjXY7BEtNTs7R5Y7hG58ogI6SAMM7WAIzwea9coq5y5pN93cmOkVHt/wP8jwvxdr+sXPgv4b634m06ddRGuxSzW1vARJIAHwVjJyGZQDt684rZm8U6d8SfiR4WHhAXVzFodzNc6hePayQpb/uynlEuB8xJGQB2ruPFnhFfFN3oMzXhtv7H1KO/AEe/wA3aCNnUY69eenSujoTW/m3+CJa7drfi/8AM8c8L+OdG+Gjat4e8bNd2OoS6tc3FtJ9imlGoLI+5WRkUhj8wUjjB4rD8Q6TfWvwB1u6u7KazOr6+uoQ2ciEPDFJcptDL2JAzjtmvf6KUXaz7W+5W/yRT1v8383f/NnKfEiwuNR+FXiCysIWluJNOkWOJBksdvQD146Unw78X6P4s8MQHRJ5ZvsMUVvc+ZbvH5coQZT5gMkY5xmusopLr5/1+oraLy/4H+R5h461SDwd8VNE8W68k40JdOnsZbqOFpVtJWdWDMFBIDAbcgVT8O65D4q+Ot3qWmQ3kNlN4bEdtcXMDQ+eBP8A6xFbDbct1IHT0r1uihbJPpf8b/5jet7dbfhb/I8X8EfELRPh/wCFIfCHiyO+tfEFnJNGLRbGaVr4mRiHjZVIYNnrkVRj0fUfBXhPwHrus2Fz9k0jULq61C1giMjWcdwHKsVHPybhnHTJr3aind79f6/r8g8umv4nnOpeLtJ+KHw/8Taf4La6vy2myok5tJIo3kZSAilwuWyOgFcD4p+ImjeIvggmh6ZFfyalZx2cV/C1nIi2TRyRhhI7AKOVwACSSenXH0JRQtHf0/D/AIcP+D+Nv8jzfV1z+0L4WYrx/Yt1gkd9y/41NoKKPj94sYKATpdlk493/wABXoVFC0t5X/G/+Yrb+dvwt/keE3Oi6hr3gX4p6doqytcnxA8iRQthnC+U7Kv+0QD9TWbpEHgfxFq2n6cnjn4i6xfx3ULvpF3LK4hdXBBlDRBVCkcndx2r6Iooi+Vryt+CS/Qcvev8/wATzjRVx+0V4mYr/wAwa0wSO25v8KpaBay32p/Fe1tl3zT3RjjX1Y2oAH516pRUtXjy+TX3u472lzeaf3Kx4/4P8W+FtW+Cv9ianb396mk6dDZ6xZx2U3mQk4Rh0GSMEnaSQBmp/hp4rOqeLn0zwtrt/wCJvCsVmWa7v7VkeymDALEJWRTICp6EEjGc16zRVuV5uT6/1/w35k293lQUUUVIwooooA5ux/5Knrv/AGBdN/8AR99XMal/ycrpH/YCb/0OWunsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31Ynjj4P6L488Rwa1qOq6zY3UFqLVf7PuEjXYGZsnKMc5c9/SgDv6K8h/4Zy8P/wDQ1eLf/BjH/wDGqP8AhnLw/wD9DV4t/wDBjH/8aoAb4t/5Or8Bf9g+6/8ARU9a3x3ktIfh9bTamqtZRatZvch496+WJRuyuDkY7Y5pPC/wL8P+FfF9j4jttY169vbEOIlvrqORMOjIc4jB6MTwRzXpdLqn2af3O4+54RLqHgTxRr+gD4O6bCusWupxST3mm6W9pHb2/Pmea2xQQy5ABzk12Ghg/wDC6vHjYOP7PsRn/gD16PRTfw29fxt/kCet/T8Hc8KsP+SHfDn/ALDln/6Pevbr6GS50+4ghcxySRMiOP4SQQDU9FOXvJru2/vSX6CWjT7f5t/qeLeEPiRoXg7wLZ+D9ftb+38R2MD250pNPmd7pgW+aMhSrBuTnI70zVtDvfDnwJ8I6Xqi+Xdw6tYmSPOfLLXG7Z+G7H4V7ZRT5teZ73T+53FZWstrP8dArymG81TT9d+K934fg8/U4fs72sYXcWkFqMcd/p3r1aioa39LfkUnax8u3uoaXrNx4du7Lxh4v1/Uk1myOo219vSytJPMUEFDGqq27gBSe9ekTeJtP+HXxe8SXfi/7Tb2mvR2rafeJayTI5RCph+RSQ2ckD3r1qir5tLLz/G3+RPTX+rM8b8MXp1Ow+Kt8bS5s1uHaRIbuPy5AptBtLL2yMHB555wapxxn+wfgrvQ4E0Wcjp/o+RXuFFJO3/kv/kt/wAweqt/i/8AJjz7XP8Akv8A4W/7BN7/ADjryCbxqLKTxB4Pl8WaHo+l6nqd4l3Fd2dzPdWqySMDskjXymyOfmI25welfUBGQQa8zt/hf4l0lW0/w18QrnTdCaR2Ng2k280gDsSwEzc9+CQSPepXRev4u/8AW5Xd+af3Kx3ugmxPh6wGkXKXVitui288bhxIgUAHI4PArhNIVj8Y/iAQpI/s2yHTv5cldv4b8P2Xhbw7Z6LpYcWtnHsQucs3OSSfUkk/jWnVT95vzv8AiKHuxt6fgeL+Ext/ZFn4wf7IvM/nJXpXgb/knvh//sG2/wD6LWt6iqlK7k+9vwv/AJkpWSXa/wCNv8goooqCgpG+6fpS0UmrqwHi/wCz1BJL8MPEEKqd8mq3SqDxklEH864rQPFVvpP7Pmt+A57DUX8TW0V1FcWCWkhMKMSxlZ8bVUA55OTjjrX07RTlqmu6S+4d9b+bf3nzjr4J8F/BMAZP221/9krrdNB/4a61c44GgLn/AL6jr2Gir5/e5vOT+9WJStHl8kvudziPi1B4bufBJh8ZC+j00zqftljEzvZuASsp2gkAYxnB69K848H33ifxj4a8a+HtP1a88ReHzprxaRrF7bGCSWRlI8vcwBfuCx5yM8ZxXv1FZ20a7lX2a6HyhoNl4OuvCNt4b8YeK/H9rq6p5c/hmEyshZTkCOLyWXbwGAJrv/iskPhbxV8NNbukuY9D0aRorm5eNpDAuIwu/aCcnH4kGvcKKrmd1Lre5PKrOPSzX3lXTNStdY0q21HT3aS1uoxLC7IULKRkHDAEceoryH4heK/hdfDVdP8AEmhlvEjxvbwxS6M/2udhlUMcoTkEj5Tu6V7RRUySlp0Ki2tTxbw7rOvfDz9mOTUPExmj1KGF1s4rrPmR722wqwPIxnOOw44xXYfCjw7/AMId8KNNglhdruSA3l0qrl3lcbiPc4wv4Vb8feBP+E8j0i1udR+zWFjfJd3Nt5HmfawvRCdw2jk9j1rrgAAABgDoBVuV+Z9X+S/zf5EpJcq6L83/AJL8z5z+JmufDrxRoF5YeEtCc+NppkkhittGkgvI5d4Zmdtg7ZJ5PWvdfCUGp2vg3SINfkMupx2cS3TltxMgUbsnuc9616KS0TXcbu3cKKKKQBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAcV8YgT8HfEuAT/oTHj6isD4ixofhZ4WBRSBqOl4GOnzLXqlFEdHfzT+5g9V8mvvPPPHfHxU+HbDhvtl2uR6eQeK888S67/aniPxBp3i/xT4u0nVobmaPSdD0NXiS5t9vyNlYyH3YJJZgBz0r6GopWurev4lc36fr/n+B4JZO+kfDP4XeJrm3nn0rRXMl+IYzIYUeNlEpUdQp6kcjNbT+L9N8afGTwRf+H0u5tNijvkW/ltnhimYxAlU3gM2McnGOep5r2GitOa8nLzb+8ztaKj5WPnC+tNJ8M+L/ABDB478aeNPDEt5qktzZHSriVbW7ifBUrsjfLj7pz6CvY/hppWnaR4Ht4tGfVpLWWaWYPrAxcuWckswwMZPIyAcHJrrKKiOkbfL7ipayv8zyrVfEFn8O/i5rWt+LftMOkavY2yW2orbvLHC0ZYNE2wErksGHHOahsLaXx1qnjXxDottPFpmqaKunWMs8LRG8cI58xVbB2/OqgkDNet0Umrxs+zX3ju1LmXl+Fv8AI+d9X+IGk6j+z1P4WtoNRbW7DTIbe+tDZSL9jMe0M0jsAoHynHOT6V2vxHv4PD+qeAvEuqeZHpOmXMgvLhImk8kSQFVJCgnGeK9Toq3Jt83W9xJJLl6Wa+8q6ZqNvq+l22oWLO1tdRiWJnjZCVPIO1gCPxFeZ6Xr9h4U+OXiaw1wz28/iGSzbTAttJItxtj2NhlUgYPXOMV6tRS2lfoH2bHj2heNNJ+GOs+I9K8cvdWM99rE17Z3RtJZUvY5MFQrIpyw+7jjHFdP8LbC6isdd1e5s5bCLW9Xmvra1mQpIkRCqrMp+6W27se9d1RSjovlb5af5IHq/nf56/5nmHizVYvBHxcg8V+IUuP7BuNHNibyOB5Vs5RLu+YKCQGBHOOopfDt/B44+KT+LdAinOiWujNZLey27xC7keQPhA4BKqB1x1NenUULa3a/43/zYPd+dvwt/kebfAqF1+D9om0xu1xdckYOfOcZrmfBvjbTvCngWbwNqtpqR8U2ouYjp8FjI73JZ2IlV8bdp3Z3Mw717fRRL3r9mVfW/nc+f7vR7y/+Avw/vIZNVitdNmjmvX0diLqKIq6GSPAPKlueOma0fANr4M1zxxpt/oHjLxr4pudP8x0OpSySW1uShU7meJcEg4wDknHavb6Krm95y7u5ny+6o9lY83+C8ZTS/FBZCpPiW96jGfmFekUUVPRLskvuViurfdt/e7hRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUVT1eV4NEvZYWKSR27srDsQpwaTdlcaV3YuUVyng7xnD4ggW1uysWoovzL0EoH8S/1FdXVNWJTuFFZt7qrw6lFp1lbrcXckZl2vJ5aIgOMlsE9TgYBqzFdMlkZ9SjSyKZ37pQVA9d3HH1xSGWaKpSaraHSri/tLiG5ihjZy0UgZflGcZFR2Wp40G1vtXlgtWliV5CzbEUkZxkn+tAGjRUKXltJa/ao7iJ7fG7zlcFMeuelU7nX9Nt9Jm1BLy3mgiB+ZJlIZgM7Qc9T6UPQFqaVFUdH1WHWNNiuoXiLMoMkccok8tiM7SR3FTXGoWdpLHFdXcEEkn3EklCl/oCeaNnYN9SxRUBvbUWhujcwi3GczGQbBzjr060sN7a3Fr9pt7mGWDk+akgZeOvI4oAmoqva39nfRtJZXUFwinDNFIHA+pFJbalY3sjx2d5b3Dx/fWKVWK/UA8UAWaKrNqNikwia8t1kaTywhlXJf+7jPXkcVDf6zZWMdwHu7f7RDE0vkmUb8AZ+7nNJuyuPd2L9FZFlf3tymlmWSyR7iDzrmIkiTG0Y2LnoCeSauLqunvJEi39szzf6pRMuZP90Z5/Cqas7E7q5boqC5vrSy2fbLqG38w4TzZAu4+gz1qjrWsfYtFmutOMNxMJFhjG7cvmFguDg9ielIZq0VFFdQSxu6TxOIiVkZXBCMOoPpinRTRzwrLBIssbjKujAhh6gigB9FFFABRRRQAUUUUAc3Y/8AJU9d/wCwLpv/AKPvq6Subsf+Sp67/wBgXTf/AEffV0lABRRRQAUUVj+J/FWkeDtEk1bxBdi2tUYIDgszseiqo5JPoKL2Gk2bFFcFoXxf0PWNettHvtM1zQL29GbNNasTbi6/3Dkg/jjqMV5X4t1y08Y/tBRaR4k8OeJr7SbC38uHToIXRhN5mPtWEcHy+ch89McU0m5JdxXSTfY+kaKz9a1SDw/4dvtUuQTBYWzzuM5JCKTj9K8l8GaF4l+K3htfFXiPxnr2jJeySGxsdDuhbRwxhto3HaS/K9/60t27dA2Sv1PaqK8W8K/E3VPCuoeMPD3jie41uTwyguYrq2iXz57ckdVyoJUOpJz0z6V3erfErQtH+HMHjW4FzLplxHE8ccSKZW8wgBcFgMjPPPY0dLrbT8dg1vbr/kddRXH+I/iZo/hsWEM1pqd/qeoQieDStPtDPdFO5KA4GPc9jjOKTSfidoOseGtX1e3jvoX0WJpL/T7mDyrqDapbaUY4yQDjnGR1o2u+wLW1up2NFed+G/jh4P8AFOsjTtMku1dbBr6aaaJVjgVQCyu277wB5xkdeateHPizo/ifV4LSw0nXora6JW01O405ktLkgE4WTPseoHSnZ3sK+lzuqK4HWvjDoWk6xdada6brmtPYNsv5tJsDPFZnv5jZAGOc4zjBrZm8f6Cng+28TW0099p94QtuLO3eWSVzn5AgGd3ByDjGDml0uPrY6WiuI8M/FXSPEfiIaDNpetaFqrxmWG01my+zvMg6leTnofToa7Z2CIzMcKoyTQ9Fdhu7C0V4j4Tl1342XWrazceJ9Y8P6Ba3ZttPtdFnFvJJtGS7yYJOQw46Z+lV/jTplz4a+HGgwarrl1q6QeIYHW7vQvmrEFbhmUDcRgndjJzR2vpe342/zuHe3S/4J/5WPdqK4TSfi94f1TxXb6A1pq+nz3o3WM+oWDQRXoxnMZbkj3IFZvhOXwvafFzx1Lpn9sHV40ik1EXLIbcjbkeSAc9P73TtgUevZv7g/wCB+J6bRXlsf7QPhWbQodXttN1+4sy2LqWHT96WPzYHnOG2r64BY4I45rrta8feHtC8LWviC8vC9jfbPsfkRl5LkuMqqIOSSO3502mgWp0lc/c2fjFrqVrPXdDity5MUcuizO6rngMwulDEDqQBn0HSszwv8T9I8Ta02jyafq+h6r5ZmSy1mzNvJLGOrqMkEfjng1UtPjFoOoa59h0/Ttcu7P7R9lbV4NOZ7JZd23aZAc9cc4xz1xRbWwr6XNr7D43/AOhh8P8A/ghn/wDkyj7D43/6GHw//wCCGf8A+TKp+KfiZpHhfV00gWOq61qzR+cdP0ezNxMkf99hkAD8c1p+EvGOkeNdJa/0WSTEUhhngnjMcsEg6o6noRSWquhvTcg+w+N/+hh8P/8Aghn/APkyj7D43/6GHw//AOCGf/5Mrz7486reWWseCrOLxDf6DY31+8V7c2d6bYiPKAsXzgYBJyeBVTwVqmoWPxpi0Dwr4x1Dxj4aaxM9/Pe3S3n2WQg7QJgMclV+Uep4zRD3vx/BXCXuq/8AW9j0z7D43/6GHw//AOCGf/5Mo+w+N/8AoYfD/wD4IZ//AJMrG1/4uaVoN/dW40HxJqcVkzJd3mn6W0lvblfvbnYqOO5Gehq1rHxV8NaN4R0nxNLNPcaVqtwkEM8CD5C2fmcMQQBtOepGOlC1V/61HZ3t/Whf+w+N/wDoYfD/AP4IZ/8A5Mo+w+N/+hh8P/8Aghn/APkysjSfi94f1XxXb6A1pq+nz3o3WM+oWDQRXoxnMZbkj3IFcpoOo2mkftFfEPUNSnS3tLbTbeSWVzgKoRMmjrr5/gLo2ulvxdj0L7D43/6GHw//AOCGf/5Mo+w+N/8AoYfD/wD4IZ//AJMrgPH/AIr8JeNPg/DrniGy8SWeiHUI/I+zpHFPMRna4DMQYzz154yB0Ndj4g+Jfh/whrWnaLqi33nXtqZrdooPN34OAmAS5cnoAp+tPbfvb8Lh/X42L32Hxv8A9DD4f/8ABDP/APJlH2Hxv/0MPh//AMEM/wD8mVU8HfEvRvGWo32m21rqOmanYgNPYapbeRMqno23J45HfPI45rnNV+P3hvTUuLmHRfEeo6bBKYW1Sz08G1Lg42iR3XJzx79qQHXfYfG//Qw+H/8AwQz/APyZR9h8b/8AQw+H/wDwQz//ACZWvo2pjWdFtdRW0urIXMYkFveReXNHns65OD7V5Hpl/rvxg8beIbaHxDqfh7w1oc/2SIaRKIZ7mUEgsZcEgfKTjGMEe9FnzcoXVuY9F+w+N/8AoYfD/wD4IZ//AJMo+w+N/wDoYfD/AP4IZ/8A5MqtZrD8NfC19d+J/FV7qOm25Dpc6oQ80S4A2b1AMhJ6cZyayNM+NPh++1a0sr7TNd0VL9xHY3mq6eYYLonpsfJ68YyB1FPd2QbK7Og+w+N/+hh8P/8Aghn/APkyj7D43/6GHw//AOCGf/5MrF8YfGXwv4G1240nXvtiXMNmt2vlRKwmDMVCJ82d3BPIAx3plx8aPDFreabbXEWpLLqmmR6jaKlsJGlVzhYgqMWMh9ACOOtJaq6/rf8AyYf1/X3m79h8b/8AQw+H/wDwQz//ACZR9h8b/wDQw+H/APwQz/8AyZVXwb8SdG8a3l7YWlvqGm6lYYNzp+qW/kTxqejFckY/HPIz1FYl78cvDVtdXP2PTtd1XT7N/LutW0/TzLaW5B53SZHA65APHTNAbnS/YfG//Qw+H/8AwQz/APyZR9h8b/8AQw+H/wDwQz//ACZVHXvin4Y8P6Do2t3VzJNpesTLFBdwICiZBO58kEAYOcAkelVdH+MPhrXPCt14gsYtSe0t737Cka2heWeTAYbEQkkEHvj3xR38v6/UFrbzNj7D43/6GHw//wCCGf8A+TKPsPjf/oYfD/8A4IZ//kysrw58V9I8Qa+dDm0rXNE1VoWmhs9XsfIknQDkoMnPQ+nQ1xfgb4wa1rPxU1zStR0bxBLp7zwxWdt/ZaK2mA8E3BGCgPXJLdKaTbsJuyuek/YfG/8A0MPh/wD8EM//AMmUfYfG/wD0MPh//wAEM/8A8mVzHhB/C1t8X/HD6dJqqasixPqbXkifZVG3IMeDngdd3TtxSS/HjwvGz3Eena/Po8chjfXIdNZrJSDj/WZz144XvS6LzQ+rXY9ItlnW1iW8kjluAgEskUZRGbHJVSWKgnoCTj1PWpK5LxN8TPDvhS10a71KaWSy1lsW91bqHjA27gzc5wQRjaCT6VW8O/FXQ/EPipvDv2LVtK1IxmWCLVLI25uYxn50BOcYGeQD7cGhauwr6XO2orm/iJd3Fj8NfEV1ZTyW9xDps7xTROVdGCHBBHII9apfCS+u9S+Evh+81G6mu7ma13STzyF3c7jyWPJNC1v5W/G/+Q3pbzv+Fv8AM7GivJfAOteEPDHh7xzq+hrrklvp+pTzakl6Y3cyL97ygCAV443EE9zV5/j14SjTT7l7fWF0y9Kp/ajWDC1hcjOx5M4LDodu4Ag88Uf8D8Q/4P4HplFcFZfGLw3eeKrPRDb6rbf2icWF/dWTRWt4f+mTnls54OMH15FZGn33hnSvjN4zvLC28QXniC305Jry3jCSRSoFQhYEB3Fz8ow3fOMZo/4P4B0+78dD1SivG/g58VNZ8Wapqena9p+s3LHUJhb3n9nolvZxAZEMrrja46YIJ5HNb+o/Gzw5Y311Hb6frmpWVjIYrzVLDT2ltLZh94PJkdO+AaO3nqHfyPRaK5fxB8RPDvhzwpbeIbu7a4s73b9jW1TzJLpmGVVF7k++Md8V5bq3i+y8W/Hr4evbWeo6dc24uRPZanatbzxbkypKngggHBBIppNy5RN2jzfM96ooopDCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACqOtqX0C/VQSxtpAAB1+U1eopNXVhp2dzhfBHgZdMEep6smbwjMUJ6Q+5/wBr+Vd1RRVN3JSsYWuWdpdQtqkF/wDY7qxV1W6icELjqjjoRnsayFu9R1nVdFiuvJtJfsRu/LnhLo8mcfdDLyByOeM11MmlafLdC6lsLZ7gdJmhUuPxxmpLuxtL+MJfWsNyinIWaMOAfXmktBs5fWbJbbQtQZLoXd3q1xFbyPGAq5yFwFBOMDPUk1LsurrxlcxQXFvbjTraNYFuIDIMMPmdcOuDwBnmujFjaCKKMWsPlwsGiTyxiMjoVHY/Sm3em2N+ytfWVvclPumaJX2/TIoA5h7GC31bRtOE32m1vLia8mckbZpAMgYHGMnOParvi2SE+HLr7N5ZkupI7WSRME8uAQSPQE9fWty4sbS7txBdWsM8K4xHJGGUfgeKVrK1ez+yNbQtbYx5JjBTHpt6Uf1/X5B1uSRoscSon3VG0fhXGwX9tF4c13VdRCPNPPNEUkGSQvypHj0AGcfU12MMEVtCsNvEkUSDCoihVUewFQPpWnyTSyyWNs8kw2yu0KkuPQnHNJ63BaWOY021EWraDpVwB5Nrp5uFVujy5Azj1GSfxq5rjW9xqmj2kYia0vbpnnZMbZWReFYjryB1/u1u3Wn2d8ipe2kFwiHKrNEHC/TIpZ7K1ubYW9zbQzQDGIpIwy8dODxVN3dxLRWMHxS8LwWsMXl+XdXsVrdyIRkJknYxH5Y9/en3aLN4z0uKyAUWEMrT7AAERgAqH6nnHtW39itfsf2T7ND9mxt8nyxsx6belFvZWtpAYLS2hgiOcxxRhVP4Clt/XkM53w8PJ8Pajrax7ri7kmuAcZJUE7QPbjp71lXn2X/hXthZttmvNVaNuRuZndgWc/TOM/QV3cMMVvCsNvGkUSDCoihVUegAqvHpWnwnMVhbIfMEvywqPnH8XTr70aX+78A/4Jz11cfZta1u9XCppumrDH6BiC+P/Qaqy6Ulj4Z0DTo48TXN5A0p/iLAb2OfbGPpXXvYWkizK9rCy3BzMDGCJD/tevTvT3t4ZJIpJIY2eEkxsyglMjBwe3FC0/D/ADD+vwsczaXtvHeeIdT1TbmCb7MquAcRqoIUD/aJPHes/TrbGkeFdPZP+Pic3rgdgoLj9WWtvU9Hu9QkuE+y6dGZ1MX28Z89YzxgLt644zux7dq14rG2gEGyFC9vH5cTlQWVcYwD17Chafh+H/BB/wCZx8zuup6z4ftWYT6hdK4IH+ridAZH/IEfUiu1hiSCCOGIbUjUKo9ABgVm6TpUtveXWoagY3vrpsEx5Kxxj7qAkA+5Pc1q0dLB1CiiigAooooAKKKKAObsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31dJXN2P8AyVPXf+wLpv8A6Pvq6SgAooooAK8n+PGl6hPp/hrWbKymv7XRdXjury3gjLsYxjLbR1xjH416xRRrdNdNfuDyZ4R4q8Sab8X/ABZ4OtPAQuNRTTNTW9vr37LJHHaouCVLOo5OOg9BWvAD/wANd3HH/MvD/wBDFewUU07Wt5/irCd3v5fg7mT4q0dvEHhHVtHRxG19Zy26ueillIB/WvIfhv8AEzSfh14LtvCfxDW80XVtNeSKOOSylcXKFyQUKKQeuM9DXulFJXTfmN6peR418OvDF54n8ceMfGuu6XNYWGuxGytLa7jKSyQYCl2U8jIRevXn8fOfCcWpax4p0L4TalDI1t4c1qe7uXbpJDH8yDHoSW/B1r6ropxfK1bZL8tV+IPVPu/1Vn+B89/FHSl0n43J4g8R6p4g0Pw/daasA1bRHZGgkU48t2VWIU8HGOSR6GruiaT4WTwH4/1rwpqviTWvtukOs+pa0G23BEb42MyIzEYwSQccV7vRU29xx9fxKUrTUvT8DzT4WwWFt+z1ppnsDNbSadI9zBbRZecHduAAxuYjj1NcD4H1o6V8RNJ0L4W6/q2u+HZJXGpabqFm4XS1/wCujqCuMHCjup6k19E0VblebmZqNqagfK+m6dpPhTX/ABHpfxC8WeMPCs1xqUstqulyypb30bH7wCRvuY5GfYgV2euvd+AvgZpKfD59bstLe/P2u8vLYG7trZmYtJs2jaDgEHaDgjoTXutFStI29PwLesr+v4nzR4VfTLj4/wDhK50DX/EviGwktrkLqOuNIwZhG+5YWdVOBkZ46mvY9I+G40nXTqZ8Y+LNQBEgNnf6n5tud4I+5tHTPHPGBXaUU3ZpL1/Fsnrf0/A8A+HPii1+CkWq+E/iGtzpsC3zz2GofZpJIblGAHBQHn5QfxwcYq58ZfEVn4q8AeHtQ06G6S0bxHbpG11btCZhtb5lVsHac4yQM4Ne50UXejfS34W/yH3t1v8Ajf8AzPHfi6p/4W18MCgP/IRkGQPeOq3hIf8AF8vime32aL/0XXtdFSl7tvX8bf5DerT9Pwbf6nz94LQH9jfVcLybO9JwOvzNWV4l0LUL74Q/DDV4f7T+w6WEN9JpZP2i3jbb+9TAJBUKeccZFfS1FXKV5OXmn91/8yYqyt6/ieGfD/T/AANrfxAsNY0DxV4y8VX9hHIFn1JnkgtwUIKs7xLjO7gA8kiucTW4PDvjG2g+D2ra093eagG1HwneWMhjgVj87ZZcRgZ5IJ6jnAr6WopJ2kn2/wA7/cFtGu583+MdNt/D3xv13VPGOveJvDWjarDE9rqmiSuiOwVQYpGRGP8ACcDHv3r0n4O6N4csNN1W/wDCl5r2oW+oXIlkvdZUhrltud6ZRSwO7liOTXo9FKPuxt8hy953PDv2hp9OtPEHgG511Y20yLUna7EsXmIYwYywK4O4YB4wc1lQ/wDCP+J/jD4U1L4M2At7Wyd/7XvLKwe1tvK+X5GBVQWIJGMfxD8PoaiiHu/J3/ryCXvK3lb8/wDM+Z/EHiC81fxF4q03xr4l8WaXqkMs0ejaFocbol3Dg7SdqESA45LEcZ59Kl4M/szfD8MMj+3kBB/66zV9R0U4+6kvT8P8wlrf5/irfgeO/F1T/wALa+GBQH/kIyDIHvHXG+LfBt144+LfxG03TZ2ivIrK0uII93yTOioQjjoQffocGvpSipSsl5X/AB/yHf8AJL7nf8dj5x+InjODxr+zbDcLALS+s9QgtL2zCbfIlTIIC9geoHbp2rrfEQz+0j4ADDpplx1/3Hr2GirUrO/m398bf8Elr3eXyt+Nzxm3DJ+1drrLHvH/AAjgJXO0PynBP6Zryfw/dmbwWmneIZvF1p4O+1PLe21ho0ctlGRMTgXm8vsBC5GDyDX1tqNjDqemXVhc7vJuoXhk2HB2sCDg9jg15VB8FNbg0FvC6fEO+HhRgUOmjTofN8s8lfP69T/dxjjFTFtWXb/Nv9f+GLbv/XlY9S0m8stR0e0vNKlWaynhV4JF6MhHB/KvEPC2uRfBXxt4o03xvFc2mjarem9sNVW3eSFixJ2HYCd2O3+yexFe3aRpVpoejWml6bH5VpZxLDChOcKowOe9XKb0m3EhfCkzxP4r6gfib8KXvfBlpf31tp2oQ3DBrR4/tkYByY1YBmA3A9Ky/iF4t0r4vaNovhnwJHd32ojUYZrnFpJGtgihgxdmUAYzjg9jX0BRQrJ+V0/np/kN3frZr5O/+Z481tDN+1tH58UcrQ+HQ8bOoJRt5G4Z6HBPPuazvHGt2/h79p7RNSvbS4ubaHRG8020JleFS0gMm0Akgd8c4zXuVcjdeBPtPxasvG39o7fsuntZfYvIzuyWO7fu4+9029utJN3j5X/G/wDnYNOWS72/Br/K55t4XL/EP4yeJ/FfhuKaPRX0ZtOt7+SFo1uZSAMgMATgg/TAz1rN8C+O9I8D/Cm58EeJLO+t/EsQuYk0v7DI73ZcttKkKVIOcZJ7d6+iaKTS5eXpa34t/qx3d79U7/hY+ZdW8MXnh/4R/DLR/EFsFmfxDG81tMudqyMzbGB9jyPrXqXxr1vXvDngm1m8NSTWcBvI47+7tYfMe0tsHc6jHHQc9vavSKKuUua/rf8ALT8CYq33f5/5nzR4UfTLj4/+ErnQNf8AEniGwktrkLqGutIyuwjfcsTOqnAyM8dTXUeGNas/CX7RPjCz8QefaTa9NbjTQbeRhc8dioIwM8k4AwfSvb6KE7NeV197uDV0/O34HgFvpV3rnxM+Memad/x9XenpDF2yxiwB+PSqdl8QNGh+BMngCSyvx4s/s+Sw/sYWEplMhzhvu4xzu65r6LoqLe7yPayX3X/zKv73N1vf8v8AI+ffEeiXfh/Rfg3pGqLi6ttThSZCc7WypK/hnH4V0PjRSP2nvATKDzZ3AJA6jbJXsNFac3vc3m396sSlaPL5Jfjc5b4nAn4VeJ8c/wDEruP/AEWa4D4O/FbwXB4I8NeF5dZ26z5a232b7LMf3hY4Xds29xznFe0UVC0bv1t+F/8AMctUu6v+Nv8AI+cPDQ/4tT8Yj2+33n8jVvx4g/4Y/wBDwvSCyPA9xX0JRR0t/h/8l/zGtHf1/E8V+L4K6l8LtgIYaxABjqP9XVjwmD/w1T41OOP7Ng5/4DFXsVFUnZ39fxSX6E293l8l+DueF/BzVbXRte8W+DdUaez12+1a5nt7d7eT5oyv+s3bdoHHBJ54x1rgPDGmaBoOj3fhj4ieK/Gvh3UvtEkX9lWMkv2e8RjgFEWJg27kc8GvrOipXT0S+4q/53PAfHWgxeHPCnw41jTLLU7jw/4eu1muYbyLNxFExVw8igDBGD2GMipdW8Vaf4y+PPw/1PQre6fTV+0Rx6hNbPClw3lkkJvAYhfXGMtx3r3miqUrSv5t/erE2XLbysFFFFSMKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA5ux/5Knrv/YF03/0ffV0lc3Y/wDJU9d/7Aum/wDo++rpKACiiigCtqEl9FYSPpVvb3N2MeXFc3DQxtyM5dUcjjJ+6cnjjqMT7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukrifivrOsaL4Qgk8O6h/Z17dajbWi3PkJL5aySBSdrAg9aOqXf9QNL7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDqp4X8O+MtI1V7jxN48/t+z8oqLX+x4bXa2Rh96EngA8e9SWPxP8G6nq2n6XYa7DPe6iHNtAsb7n2kg5+X5funG7GccZp+SDzJ/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6q678VfBHhrW10jW/ENtbXxYK0W138snH3yoITqPvEVc1vVo4dV8OeT4hSxhvrookK2omGogxlggf8A5Z9N27vjHektdgem437d43/6F7w//wCD6f8A+Q6Pt3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOofFPxN8HeCrxLTxLrkNncyLuEKxvK4HYlUViB7nFcl45+Idhrnw4tdc8E61N9nGtWttJcwiSA/wCsUsp3BTjBGexFC1endL73YHotf60udn9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdH27xv/wBC94f/APB9P/8AIdR6H8SvB/iTXptF0PXrW81CEEmKPdhgOuxiNr477ScVyg+OfhyH4n3/AIdvtRgisoFSCGQWs5ke78wq8ZIBGBxzjHuaFq0u4PRNvodf9u8b/wDQveH/APwfT/8AyHR9u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHXSUUAc39u8b/wDQveH/APwfT/8AyHR9u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHXSUUAc39u8b/wDQveH/APwfT/8AyHXCat8ZfE2leLr/AMOp8P8A+0LywWNpnsNSlljw6KwwfswPRgOQOc16/Xm3hn/k4Dxp/wBetr/6KjoAxf8Ahc/jH/old/8A+BU3/wAjUf8AC5/GP/RK7/8A8Cpv/kavY6KAPJPC3xh8R+K/GFz4Zt/BFvp+o2tobuRdR1WSIbNyL2tic/OD0xjPNdv9u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHXA6H/yd/wCI/wDsXk/9Ct66L4m6l4ih1Twvo/hbW/7Em1e+eCW7+yR3G1ViLfcfjqPajyA3Pt3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q65/w/qnivw94+tPCnizWLfxFHqFnLdW9/FZC2liMZG5XRSV2kNweORWy3xP8Grqltpp12D7bdXbWcUGx9zSq2wjG3gbgRuOFPY07bW6/wDDfmHe/T/hyf7d43/6F7w//wCD6f8A+Q6Pt3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOq/iL4o+C/CmrJpmv6/b2t65AMO15CmcY37AQnUH5scc1q3/ivQ9LtLC6vtTgittRcJaz5ykhKl87hwBtUnJwPel0uHWxS+3eN/wDoXvD/AP4Pp/8A5Do+3eN/+he8P/8Ag+n/APkOmeG/iR4R8Xancaf4c1y3vbu3yXiVWUkA4JXcBvHuuRVbXfiv4H8Na0NJ1rxFbW99uCtEFeTyycffKqQnUfeIo7eYFz7d43/6F7w//wCD6f8A+Q6Pt3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOjxFrEUD+HpoPEUemwX2oRxpttRcLfhlYiIN/Bu67/AG96PFPxB8K+CpbeLxPrMNjLcn91GVZ2I9SqgkL/ALRwPej/AIYP+HD7d43/AOhe8P8A/g+n/wDkOj7d43/6F7w//wCD6f8A+Q6w/hxrr674n8aSx6m+oWCajF9jbzzJGkbQKfk5wASc8V6BTta3y/ESd7nN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHXSUUhnN/bvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHXnjfHDxK2r6np9p8OZr19Nu5LSeS1v5JELoxU4ItuhxxnHHavZ684+FX/Ie8d/8AYwT/APoTUAYf/C5/GP8A0Su//wDAqb/5Go/4XP4x/wCiV3//AIFTf/I1ex0UAeV+B/iv4j8eX+sWem+D7GyuNHeNLmPUNYkjO59+AALZjx5ZznHauw+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q68/+Dn/ACVz4r/9hOH/ANDuK7DxZ4g1yXxPZ+E/BzWsGoz27Xd1fXUZkSzgB2ghARudm4AJxwaOtkHmaH27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h1U8MaL440jVMeI/Ftp4i090bcW0xbSaN+MbdhKleuc881Hqfxe8BaPrx0fUfEtrFeq2x0CuyRtnGGdVKKRjkEjFHWweZf8At3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOszxnqdxH4o8DDT72RLa91RllEEpCTx+Q7AHBwy5APPHSneHr+7m+LnjCzmup5LW3t7EwwPISkRZH3FV6DOBnHWml/X3f5h/X3uxo/bvG//AEL3h/8A8H0//wAh0fbvG/8A0L3h/wD8H0//AMh1ST4teBJPEg0FPEtm2oF/LCDdsL5xt8zGzOeMbs1reJ/GPh/wZYLeeJtUh0+FzhN+WZz32ooLN+ApdLh1sVvt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ6Pt3jf8A6F7w/wD+D6f/AOQ65Txn8bfD2keAU17w1qdpfzXUwhtVkilZWYMpkDAAFSEbOGx2+ldr4V8XaJ400g6n4bvfttoshiaTynjw4AJGHAPcU7PXyFdaeZV+3eN/+he8P/8Ag+n/APkOj7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5DrpKKQzm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5DorpKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAObsf8Akqeu/wDYF03/ANH31dJXN2P/ACVPXf8AsC6b/wCj76ukoAKKKKACvOPjjaQah4FsrO7TzLe41myilTJG5WlAIyORwe1ej1XvdPs9RhSLULSC7jSRZVSeIOFdTlWAI4IPIPajS6v3X4MOj+ZzPhj4YeEPBF3cX3hfSPsNzNCYpH+0zSZXIOMO5HUCuf8AgDaW8Xwnt5YoI0lnu7l5HCgF2ErAEnuQAB+FenVBZWNpptqttp1rDaW6klYoIwigk5JwOOSSfxp33DS1vO/4WPnTw4dSgsda0/Ufi1pnhWcahdC+0rUNJtXdizsdxaVg0gYEEHB4OBXVyabBpGl/Caxs9VOr28OqYhvfK8sTIYpCpC5OBggDnoBXql/4a0LVb2K81TRdOvbqEgxT3Nokjx45GGYEjp2q3Np1lcSW0lxZ28r2jb7dniVjC2MZQkfKcEjI7GiLsl8vwFL3m/O/4nh+reLrnwn8R/GUNpYaLdrqlxDGx1fV4bCSLECru2ycyw8/w9wwq5410JdI+APhvRbq6h1JYr6xikljbfFIDLyFPdecD2FXNb+F3iMeKNU1HSLDwTrsWpXJuGk8TWEks8GQAI1ZcgqMcDiux8G/D+y8N+Ev7G1NLXUlku2vXjNsBbxSFtwEUZyEVSBj0PNEPhV+nL+HT8xz3dvP8ev5GP8AEG0t7bxf8O/s0EcXlawYo9iBdieS/wAox0HA49qrtrWmeH/2gdWfXNQtdOS80S2W3a6lWMTESuCFJPJ9hzXo9zp9neTW8t5aQXElrJ5kDyxBjC+MblJHynBIyKhvtE0rVLi3n1PTLO8mtX3wSXFusjQt6qSDtPuKE7Ner/FWE1dfJfg7l6iiikMKKKKACvNvDP8AycB40/69bX/0VHXpNeNXXiHUPB/xu8UahL4O8T6tZ3kNtHDPpemtMjERR5w2QDg5HHcGgD2WivNP+Fyv/wBE38ff+CT/AOzo/wCFyv8A9E38ff8Agk/+zoAyND/5O/8AEf8A2Lyf+hW9aXxd0r+3PEvgbTvt99p32jU5V+1afN5U8f7ljlHwcHjHSsTwFLqmvftF614om8M67o2nXOiCCNtVsGgJdXgG3PK5O0kDOcA17HcafZ3dxbz3dpBPNauXt5JYgzQsRglSRlTjjIo6oOjOe8KfD7SvCl5Lfx3Wparqk0fkyalq121xOY85CbjgAZ7ADoM5rmfgpaW62Xiy4EEYnk8SXivJtG5grDaCfbJr0+q9pYWdgsi2FrBbLLI00ghjCB3Y5Zjjqx7nqaaet/K34p/oJq6+d/wa/U+fNGfVLTVPE9pe/FbTfCFydWuGudO1DS7V2lVmyr75WBdWQjA5wOKs+JLLSfD3w4+HUV3rEeuaRB4gWR717XbHJFmRjiP5vkA4GMjA44r2/UvDeh6zcw3Gr6Lp9/PB/qpbq1SVo/8AdLAkdB0rE8a+ELnxJc+GGsJLeCLR9WivZUkyN0aqwKqADzyODge9EdFFecfwHLXmfk/xTOW1rXdC8TfFTwOvg+/s9Su7OWeW5lsJFlWC18ogq7LwAWKgAnr2rmte8WX2rXPimL/hOdH8FQ2N5Pa/2SdMinub8AD52Dncxck42KevevbdN0LSdGaZtI0uysGuG3zG1t0iMjerbQMn3NNn8O6Jdaqmp3Wj2E2oIu1buS1RpVHoHIyBye/epaurev4/1+o07O/p+F/8/wBDxmBmf4V/CIuSx/tizGSfRZAK6Gy1zRvDnxw8WyeMNQs9OlurW0OnT30qxK9uFIdUZsD7+cjqa9IXRNKS1s7ZNMs1gsXElpELdAtuwzhkGMKRk8jHWjUtD0nWTCdY0uyv/IbfF9qt0l8tvVdwOD7itJSvJvu2/vt/kQlZJdkl9zb/AFPPPhBdabe+IvHV1oSxjT5tVjeAxReWrAwr8wGBwTk575z3r1GoLews7Saea1tYIJbghpnjjCtKQNoLEdcAAc9hU9S+i7JL7lYff5hRRRSGFecfCr/kPeO/+xgn/wDQmr0evEfDvi7UPBXijxfFe+BfF9+l5rU80E9hpLSRum9gGDEjIPUEdRQB7dRXmn/C5X/6Jv4+/wDBJ/8AZ0f8Llf/AKJv4+/8En/2dAGN8HP+SufFf/sJw/8AodxWzruq23gn4zJrevyi10fWtLSyW9kz5cE8blgrnooZWOCcDisf4JW2qSeOfiDrWo6HqukW+rXkE9qmpWjQOy7pyRg8EjcM4JxkV67dWltfWslte28VzBINrxTIHVh6EHg0appr+ugaNNP+upgJ428Pa1JLpfhvxDp1/qctvI8MdncLPtwOpKEgDOOpFef+A/F/gbSPg6mleINS020u4IJYtU0+6lQTyTZbzMxn5nJPoDXqmk+HtF0FXXQ9IsNNVzlxZ2yQhj77QM9BTZ/DWhXWrJqlzounTajH9y8ktEaZfo5GR1Pek0mmu/8Awf8AMadrPseS6LZX2neHfhFbaokkdwl+58uT7yIYZSinPcKVGK17qK+n8ZfFGHSN326TSLVbfb13mGXbj3zXp9xYWl3NbzXVrDPLav5kDyRhmibGNyk/dOCRketEVhaQXs95DawR3VwFE06RgPKF+6GbqcZOM9Kqb57+d/xsKPutPtb8Hc+bdPhXVvhpaaZqHxq0mx09rZI5NHk0W1E1uwx8m0MJNysPvAZJGa9C1O+07w18b9Ku/Ft/DDZN4f8As+n316wSMTrIPM+ZuFYrjnI44r0M+GNAOrnVToemnUTybz7JH53/AH3jd+tWdS0nTtaszaaxYWuoWxIJhuoVlQkdDtYEU3J35v62a/UXKrcv9bp/oeZ/FHVtD174O+ILrwvc2l7DDdwNdz2WGQussTMxZeGwuMkZ4HtXo2i65pWv2P2nQ9StdRgQ7GltZlkVWwDtJUnnBHFT2+l6fZ6cNPtLG2gsguwW0UKrHtxjG0DGPak03StO0WzFno9ha2FspLCC1hWJAT1O1QBS0s1/XT/Ib1sW6KKKQBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc3Y/8lT13/sC6b/6Pvq6Subsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31dJQAUUUUAFFFFABRRVa91G205YWvJREk0oiVm6biDjJ7dKALNFFFABRWTP4jsbfxHDosnm/aZl3KwUbBwSATnqcHtVm71SCz1CyspFkaa9ZljCAYG0ZJOT0oAu0UVDeXkGn2ct1eSCKCJdzuQTgfQUATUVXuLxbfT3u1imnVU3iOFNzv7BfWqGq68dPt7PyLGa5vL07YLXcEbOMncTwMd6ANeiq9hPc3FjHLe2n2Ods74DIH2c/3hwasUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHN2P/ACVPXf8AsC6b/wCj76ukrm7H/kqeu/8AYF03/wBH31dJQAUUUUAFFFFABXGfFH/kU4/+vpP5NXZ1n6vo1rrcEMF8C0McwlKD+PAPB9uaTVxp2Of+HV5rF1op/tRC1qmBbTSHDsPT3A9f59uwpERY0VEUKqjAUDAApfpVN3JSscDe2cmqR+IdWtzme0vEa3OO8C8j8ctWna3sWs+Mra9jYNb2mm+cDn7rSH/4kVtaLpA0nTDaPKLhnkeSSTZt3liSeMn1xVHw74Uh8PtfbJ2nW6bhWXHloM4Xqc9etLb+utrDev8AXS5m2VpfeKbB9XuNZvbCGQubWC0lEaogJAL/AN48ZrKvZbrxB4L0U313cLPdXYtiI32rMpfG5hjnAXj3rbi8G3cNsdPj8QXK6SSR9lWFQ+08lfM64/Cr+q+GxeWthHpl2dOk0991u6xiQLxjG09aNPyDX8yhq1rNoukWenWeo38017fRxiae4LSKuckBhjAwvb1qpqOi/wBr/EMx/wBpajEsNp5xaGfb5LMdoVOPlBAyfWtjVbOK1Onarq2oN5GlhmkJiz5rsAoY7enPYA9ah8L5v9Q1XWyjrDeSqluXBBaNBgMAexOaFv8A16f8EOn9epDZ6sdIuPEaX1xLKlk6yxea5Y7WThRn3GPxrX8PQXcGhwf2lLJLdS5ll8xidpY52jPQDpisG202LxF4wn1aNmOmwbEx/DcyoTz7qufxNdjQtv6/rUHuFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHN2P/JU9d/7Aum/+j76ukrm7H/kqeu/9gXTf/R99XSUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFc/c3njFbqVbPQtDltw5EUkutTI7LngsotWCkjqATj1PWugooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6Pt3jf/AKF7w/8A+D6f/wCQ66SigDm/t3jf/oXvD/8A4Pp//kOj7d43/wChe8P/APg+n/8AkOukooA5v7d43/6F7w//AOD6f/5Do+3eN/8AoXvD/wD4Pp//AJDrpKKAOb+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6K6SigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDm7H/AJKnrv8A2BdN/wDR99XSVzdj/wAlT13/ALAum/8Ao++rpKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAObsf+Sp67/wBgXTf/AEffVH4j+JHhTwlrEWleINV+yXssAuEi+zSyZjJZQcqpHVW4znipLH/kqeu/9gXTf/R99XMamAf2lNIyM/8AEibr/vy0AaP/AAunwB/0H/8AyTn/APiKP+F0+AP+g/8A+Sc//wARXcbE/ur+VGxP7q/lQByOj/FfwXr/AIgtdE0nWftGo3YYww/ZZl37VLH5mQAcKTye1dhXj3iwAftV+AsAD/iX3XT/AK5T16/JIkMTySsFRFLMx7AdTRsA6ivPfh/8QdS8T69eWWs2Vtaw3FuNR0d4dwae0MjIC+4n5+FJxxhxxXVNf3o8aJYfatKFi1iZvs5lb7aZA4G4J08rHGeucU7PT+v62Dv5f1+psViahr2o2V/Jb23hPWNQiTG25tpbNY3yAeBJOrcZxyo5Hcc1ZPiPRBNFEdZ08STTtbRJ9qTMkqnDRqM8sDwVHIql451jUvD/AII1TV9Ehhnu7GEziKdGZWVTlxgEHO3OOevrU3srsaTbsRf8JRq//QieIP8Av/p//wAlUf8ACUav/wBCJ4g/7/6f/wDJVVvF/jKTRvhs/iPRIo7q5uIofsEMikrLJKVEakAgnlh0IpdN8cQ3Xwoj8Y3KpEBpzXU0YJ2rIqncnr94EetN+6m30FH3rW6lj/hKNX/6ETxB/wB/9P8A/kqj/hKNX/6ETxB/3/0//wCSqm0fX3i8EadrHjGex0uea2SW6LSeTDEzDOMu3GM9zV1PEOiyaM2rx6vYNpijLXq3KGEDOPv529fem002uwk7pNdTM/4SjV/+hE8Qf9/9P/8Akqj/AISjV/8AoRPEH/f/AE//AOSq3LvULOwsXvb67gtrRAGeeaQJGoPQljwOtcRpfjWWP4meMLDXdUtbbRdKhs3t2nZIkiMiEsS5xnJx1P0pdbFW0ubf/CUav/0IniD/AL/6f/8AJVH/AAlGr/8AQieIP+/+n/8AyVV7UdWD+FLrVNCv9Mf/AEZpba7up/8AROBkM7qfuepHauf1bxDqtt4q8C2cV5bmHVjP9tFsoeKbbBvBRiCQu7kEEZHWnbWwul/X8DS/4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+SqP+Eo1f/oRPEH/AH/0/wD+Sqq+F9c1DUfHnjHTry48y0024tktI9ijyw8IZhkDJyTnnNdVPPDawPPcypDFGMvJIwVVHqSelLpcOtjn/wDhKNX/AOhE8Qf9/wDT/wD5Ko/4SjV/+hE8Qf8Af/T/AP5KrW0rXNJ123afRNUstRhU7Wks7hJVB9CVJFQweJtBudWfS7bW9Om1FPv2cd3G0y/VAcjqO1HkBn/8JRq//QieIP8Av/p//wAlUf8ACUav/wBCJ4g/7/6f/wDJVbVzqmn2dwILu+toJjE0wjlmVW8tSAz4J+6MjJ6DIpNM1fTdasxd6PqFrqFsSVE1rMsqEjqNykigDG/4SjV/+hE8Qf8Af/T/AP5Ko/4SjV/+hE8Qf9/9P/8AkqtS01/R7/UZtPsdWsbm9t/9dbQ3KPJH/vKDkfjVfQdQvLx9V/tG70mcW168UQ06UuYowAQs2fuy85IHGCKAKf8AwlGr/wDQieIP+/8Ap/8A8lUf8JRq/wD0IniD/v8A6f8A/JVTJ478IyXy2cfirRHumk8pYF1GIuXzjbt3ZznjFXrzxBo2nC5OoavY2otNv2gz3KJ5O77u/J+XPbPWjpcDL/4SjV/+hE8Qf9/9P/8Akqj/AISjV/8AoRPEH/f/AE//AOSq3rW7tr60jurK4iubeVd0c0Lh0ceoI4IqnZ+I9E1HUZdP0/WNPur2H/W20F0jyR/7yg5H40dbB0uZv/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVR/wlGr/9CJ4g/wC/+n//ACVWtqeuaToixNrOp2enrM+yI3dwkQdvQbiMn2Fc34L1/UNY8V+MLS9uhPa6dqEcNmoRQI4zCrYyBluSTk5oWr/ry/zB6f16/wCRe/4SjV/+hE8Qf9/9P/8Akqj/AISjV/8AoRPEH/f/AE//AOSqq+NviJpXgi60i3v5rUy6leRwMs12sJgibOZyDnKgjHYc9RXQw6zplzpI1S31K0l08qWF3HOrQkA4J3g4xn3o6XDrYyP+Eo1f/oRPEH/f/T//AJKo/wCEo1f/AKETxB/3/wBP/wDkqtXSte0jXoXm0PVbLUokbaz2dwkyqfQlScGr9AHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lcH46+Itz4f8AEOmeF/DWlrq/iLVAXigkl8uKCMZzI7Y6cHgeh9snWw/M2P8AhKNX/wChE8Qf9/8AT/8A5Ko/4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+Sq4jU/iJ45+H11YT/ErSdDn0a9nW3N/ockw+ysc/fWTlumeMcA9TgV6dDrOl3Opyabb6jaS30UYlktUnUyohxhimcgHI5x3FO2lxGR/wlGr/wDQieIP+/8Ap/8A8lUf8JRq/wD0IniD/v8A6f8A/JVbMOradcanPpsF/ay31uoea1SZTLEp6FkByAc9xVa28TaDeaq+mWmt6dPqEed9pFdxtKv1QHI6jtS3Az/+Eo1f/oRPEH/f/T//AJKo/wCEo1f/AKETxB/3/wBP/wDkqtS61/R7G4ngvtWsbaa3h+0TRzXKI0UWcb2BOQueMnimXniXQtO06DUNQ1rTrWyuADDcz3aJHKCMgqxODkc8UAZ3/CUav/0IniD/AL/6f/8AJVH/AAlGr/8AQieIP+/+n/8AyVW6b60Fj9tN1CLXbv8AP8weXt9d3THvVbSdf0fXonk0PVrHUo4ztd7O5SYKfQlScUAZf/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVR/wlGr/9CJ4g/wC/+n//ACVV+/8AFXh7S79LHU9d0yzu5MbLe4vI45GycDCkgnmtRWDKGUggjII70Ac5/wAJRq//AEIniD/v/p//AMlUf8JRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVUfiL8QofAtjZRwWTalq+qTi30+xRwvmucDJJ6KCR+YqDQbv4oJq9v/wlOmeGpNOnbDnTLiZZrYYJywkG1+w+Whag9DV/4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+SqP+Eo1f/oRPEH/AH/0/wD+Sq5H4b/EOS8tPE9z4216zghsddmsrWW7eK3VI1xtTPygn65NdN8Q73VY/A8t14X8R6VoVyZIymo6lIgtwpYZG5gy5PQcH+tHRPvb8R9bev4Fj/hKNX/6ETxB/wB/9P8A/kqj/hKNX/6ETxB/3/0//wCSq0otYsrf7LZ6hqtj/aElt52zzlUyqB80iqTnb3z0FSaXrela5btPoup2eowo21pLS4WVVPoSpPNPqSndXMn/AISjV/8AoRPEH/f/AE//AOSqP+Eo1f8A6ETxB/3/ANP/APkqtG88TaDp2pR6fqGt6da3suPLtp7uNJHz0wpOTVu+1Gy0uze71O8t7O2jGXmuJVjRR7sSAKXS4+tjD/4SjV/+hE8Qf9/9P/8Akqj/AISjV/8AoRPEH/f/AE//AOSq2rDVLDVbFb3S762vbVs7Z7eZZEOOuGUkVW0/xLoWrXstnpWtade3UJIlgtrtJHjxwdyqSR070eQdLmd/wlGr/wDQieIP+/8Ap/8A8lUf8JRq/wD0IniD/v8A6f8A/JVdBPIYreSRRkohYA+wrwrQ/in8UNY8A3XjaLTvCkmkWTSGe2H2iO4ZY/vbcsV6ep/Clda+Q7beZ6r/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVU3hzxZZ674HsPE1xs061urYTv9okCrF65Y4GBg88Ve0nxBo2vRu+havY6kkZw7WdykwU+h2k4qmmm0+hKaaTXUy/+Eo1f/oRPEH/AH/0/wD+SqP+Eo1f/oRPEH/f/T//AJKq9N4r8O21tcXFxr2mRQWsxt55XvI1WGX+4xJwrex5rlPjH4s1Hw38KbrXfC1+kNyJYBFcxqkqlWkAONwKnINL/gfiVbWxu/8ACUav/wBCJ4g/7/6f/wDJVH/CUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVWimuafbrptvqWpWkF7fRr5EM0yJJO2BnYpILdewrnfCGparHfeKJvE/izRNTsrS7YwLZyIDp0Q3EpOQBtIAH3skYPNO1m0SndJ9zR/4SjV/+hE8Qf8Af/T/AP5Ko/4SjV/+hE8Qf9/9P/8Akqr58U+HxLZxHXdN8y+UPaJ9sjzcL6oM/MPcZq3qWq6fo1m13q99bWFspAaa6mWJAT0+ZiBS2GYv/CUav/0IniD/AL/6f/8AJVH/AAlGr/8AQieIP+/+n/8AyVV3SvFvhzXbo2uieINL1G4VC5htL2OVwo4JwpJxyOfetegDm/8AhKNX/wChE8Qf9/8AT/8A5Ko/4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+Sq6SigDm/8AhKNX/wChE8Qf9/8AT/8A5Ko/4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+Sq6SigDm/8AhKNX/wChE8Qf9/8AT/8A5Ko/4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+Sq6SigDm/8AhKNX/wChE8Qf9/8AT/8A5Ko/4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+Sq6SigDm/8AhKNX/wChE8Qf9/8AT/8A5Ko/4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+Sq6SigDm/8AhKNX/wChE8Qf9/8AT/8A5KorpKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAObsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31cxqX/ACcrpH/YCb/0OWunsf8Akqeu/wDYF03/ANH31eeeO/GWh+DP2g9Kv/EV21tbroeC6xPJ96SYDhQT1FAHs9FeY/8ADRPw0/6Dsv8A4Az/APxFH/DRPw0/6Dsv/gDP/wDEUAZvi3/k6vwF/wBg+6/9FT10/wAXdWu7HwNJpujwtcarrcq6daW6SBGkL/fwx4X5A3J4Febr450Dx3+074KvPDF413Bb2d1FIzQvHhvJmOMMBng17jeaFpuoaxp+qXlt5t5ppc2khdsRFxhjtzgnHGSCR2pWvuNO2qPG9Y13xbo+r+GNe1j4fHw1pWhzC1uLqPV4LkC1lAjKFEAOAdjZ7ba7G7Ib9ozTCDkHw5Ng/wDbda7fV9Jsdd0i50vVoBcWV3GY5oixXcp7ZBBH1BzVeHw3pUGsW2qx2p+3Wtn9hhmaV2Kw5B28nB5A5PPvVqWqb8/xTX5/qTaysvL8Gn/XyPM/hF4W0PUpfEer6lpdteX8HiO7WCe4jEjQBZNy+Xuzs+Yk/LivXLm3ju7WW3mG6OZCjj1BGDVLR9B0zw/Fcx6Rai2S7uZLuYBmbfK5yzck4z6DitGpdnFR8kvw1HqpN+b/ADPEPCc0mo3XhPwPOxeXw3qd294p6iO1ysBP182Mj6VFcho01f4ZrybzxNGI0BIxZTf6TJz6YSRfxr1yy8JaHp/ii+8RWdgseragix3NyHYmRRjAwTgdB0Azjmkk8I6FL4wi8Uyaeja1FB9nS7LtlU5425255POM89apS1Tfz9bp/ol6XE+tvl+P5Xf4HG/Etob7xFoHhuw8O6Lq+r3MM8todcJNpbooXcSgB3seMADOAea5n4baJPd+JfiB4V12HQoYZ7a3Se00BWW0jd0dSVVuVbGMj1FeqeKvBPh3xtZx2vijS4r+OFt0ZZmRkJxna6kMM4GcHmjw94J8O+FJ5pfDulRae00SQyeUzYZUyV4Jxn5jz1OeSalJWafW/wDX9epTe1vI8x0zU5vFuk+FvAeovuv7G/dNZQNkmKyIwT7O3k/UE1Y0zQvDuvftD+MoPEVlY38sdtZtbW14FkU/usMwjbhiOOcHGe2a6zwh4WubTx94s8Ualp6WM2pTpb2yBlYtBGoHmEqTgueccHCjIq9rvw08H+JprybXdEhu5b1o2nkZ3ViUG1SCGBXjj5cZ75quZ6Se71fq7C0V4rbZeidzziyitrLwj8XdN0MRrodqZRaJCcxxyG2zKi44ADdh0PataH/kI/B//r1k/wDSMV6DbeENBsvCsnhuz0yK30iWJoZLaIlQysMNlgd2TnrnPvT/APhGNH87SJRZgPoqlbAiRx5IKbCMZ+b5ePmzQmk/u/BNfqJ6/wDk342/yOY8Ff8AJUPiD/192f8A6TiqfxVjtr3xH4K0vXNh0G81NxeJK2I5ZFjJhR+gILdj1IHBrurLRNP07VNQ1Gzt/Lu9SdHu5N7HzCi7VOCcDAGOMU3XdA0rxNpMuma9Yw31nL96KUZGexB6g+4wan+Xyt+BXV+d/wAThfHujaN4R+H3im68FabY6XqsmnYmFgiwuIs4L7ExjALEHH41i+M/B/gTS/gtJqmhabpttcw2scum6jaxoLh5xgxkSD5mYtjjJzXoXhn4feFfB1rcW/hzRoLSO6G2fLNK0o54ZnJJHJ4ziqGmfCLwHo+vDWdO8NWkN8G3I+XZI29VjJKKeOoAp+XoK/8AX3f5HJeIdFtfEnxm8HWfia0W6RtDmluLeX7jyKVOGXowDc4ORkCrOiaTpmhfFzxfpelpDoulzaJbzypb4hiicl1MgHCqQB1GK9Fn0DTLjxDa65NbbtStIXghn3sNqPgsMA4OcDqKjk8M6PNq17qc1ikl1f2os7pnZmWWEZwhUnbj5j270nqrev43/wA0JX79vwt/kzzHwpo1l8P/ABJ4b0bWvDeiyz3G+HTfEWlqElnYRknz1xuyy55DMpPp2ydQMn/CA/FaOGXy5JvEDRKAxXzd3kr5eR03Z2+nPPFem+HPhf4M8JatJqfh7QYLS9kyDNveQqD1C7mIQc/w49KoeNvAbXvgvWdP8JwRQ3OrXi3d9HJO6C8+ZfMTfzs3KuOBgelNvq+1vxT/AE7fIuOj+d/wf+f/AATjtA8Oad4h+IWg3mk/DSTwzZ6Mspv5dS02KETPtAjEYGfMIYbhJ2x15q7pfhjRfEfx+8anX9Nt9SS0gsjDDdJ5kSs0WC2w/KTgAZIyOcdaxfCvw01WDxLp93o/gP8A4QH7LcpLc3y+JHvWuYgctCIgSpDdDuxjNe0Wnh/TLHXr/WrW1EeoagkaXUwdj5gQELwTgYB7AVWmj9fx6kLZr0/M8QnkuvD/AMJ/ibZeHQbeCy1uSCCJCwW3hYx+YFwcquGY8dOaktvh/wCKhJoeoQWnw10WC3u4JodR0hZ4p3XIG0ORh9wJGDnOfxr2ix8NaRpw1MWtkgXVZ2uL1XZpFmdgFYkMSACABgYHtWBpPwi8B6Hrg1fS/DdrDeq+9JCzusbZzlEZiqkdsAYqYuzTfS34JDnqml5/ic7Z6Ro/ij43eLIfF1hZ6jJYWtqmn297EsipAylndUbI++cFqf8AB+30u08ReOrfQDF/Z0WqxpAIZN6KBEoKqcngHIx2xjtXW+J/h34U8Z3Vvc+JtFgvp7bHlyszIwAOdpKkbl5PynI9q0NF8MaN4ce6bQ9PisRdsjSpDkKSiBFwucLhQBwBRHRfK34p3CWr+d/wscH8ZdH0u9vvBtxqGnWdwW1+3t5ZZ4FbMTB8xsSPuk/wng03x1pmjr4v8DeG7uytLbwtLPcl7RI1jt3nVMxxsowuMljjue1eg+IPDuk+KdGl0rxBZR3tlNgvE5I5HQgggg+4INZ7eAfCz+EYvC8mi20mjQjEdq+WCdTuDE7g2SfmznnrSWit53/Bfluger+Vvz/zscdqWhaN4b+MvhJfB9haabc3SXK6jb2EKxK9sI8hnVcDh9uDjrXqdc74V8AeF/BKSjwvo8Ni03EkgZpJGHoXclse2cV0VPokLrcKKKKQwooooAK8T1u5i8P/ALWWlX2rlYLTUtJNtbXEhwnmc/Lk8Zzgf8CHrXtlZPiLwtofizTvsPiPTLfULfJKrMvKEjGVYcqcdwQaNpJ/1tYNGmn/AFrc80/aRvoJfh9beH4GE2q6pfwpa2qEGR8NknHXHQZ9SKz/ABlGvw2+J3gnxbcuIrO5tBo+qzHpwg2sx/XPoleieGfhb4K8H3n2vw94ft7a5Gds7s80iZGPlaQsV/DFavifwponjLR/7L8S2K31n5gkEZkZCGHQhlII6nvQvd+He9/wtb7rh8W/a343/Ox4PZNqVz8IPiH8RbPzI9Q1+dxBIvDR2iOE49PlLc/7Iqjp/wAN/E2s+A9Bv9MX4faNbQiG5g1e2M8V4CBn95KQQW9Qe/TFfR2maDpmj6BDomn2ccWmwReSls2XXZ3B3ZJzk5znNcxZ/Br4fWGtDVbXwxaJdqwdcs7RqRjBEZYoOnYVStGWmytb5Cd3HXfX8Tz3xP4Q0vxp+04mleI0lns10BJpIYpWjWVlc4DFcHGTngjkCr/j34eTWniLTtZ8MWGia5Z6FpYtZPDurvvWOFckOhckBiBjLenevU/+EW0YeLj4n+x/8Tg232T7T5r/AOqznbtzt698ZrN8UfDTwh40vYbzxLokN7cwqFSbzHjbaOQCUYbhyeDkVOvKkvP9f0Y1u7+X6f5HhXjPxFF4m+Hvw/XwxpdnpGi32qSJNp967fZFmVxhJCuCYslzxjjsMcdn4U+H3ifRvirpeu6gfBeiwfZ5IJbHw95sP2xCpIPlsuGIODnPQV6ldeD/AA7e+G00C50azk0mMAJZ+UBGmOhAHQ+45rO8LfDLwd4Lu3uvDWhw2dywKmdneVwD1AZ2YgcdBVJpSbXn+KsS03FL+t7nhuvOPF3h/wAZ6v4c8JeD7HSrGe5ju77Vw8moSy8sXjcfcYk/KCcZIA9K9B8Ey+PJvg74QfwS+gOfsRFydbM5OAcJs8v2Bzn2rqLz4Q+AtQ12bWL3wzZzXs+4ysxbY5PVjHnZu564z710ui6NYeHtFttJ0eD7PZWqbIYt7PtXOcZYknr3NTHSNvT8LlS1nf1/Gx4p8S5tQ0X4h/DTxD40+xpHbyvDfT2m77NFKSORv5Axzz/dNe5NfWiLAXuoVFwQISZAPNJ6BfX8Ki1bR9O13TZNP1mygvrSXG+GdAynHTg9/euZ8O/CTwN4U1RdR0Lw/Db3inKTPLJMyHBGV3s23qemKa25X3b+8TWvMt7W+48v+GHg3w94gtPiDe65pNrf3CaxeQxvcxh/KXk5TP3Tk/eGDwOeK5w3Es/7FeJnZ/KvljTJzhRcDA/WvozRfCWieHodQi0ey+zpqVw9zdjzXfzJH+83zE4z6DArOHw08JDwWfCQ0n/iRmTzTafaJfvbt2d+7d1560ulvKP4bldb+b/E8z8T6RY678avh1p2rW63NnLozmWBydsm1CwDDuMqODwcVP4dsLbw3+014i03w5aQ2NrLoQn+y26BI/MBTBCjgdT0Hc16rL4Q0ObxBputyWOdR0uEwWc3muPKQggjbnaeCeoJp8fhXRYfF03ieOyA1ia3FtJc+Y/MYIO3bnb2HOM1V1fT+9+N7fmiUrLX+7+Fv8j5n8DeEfE3jzwVrFxDZ+CLqe6uZlvb7WUmbUIJD1beoIjx1GOPUV6Jr3w81vW/h74MsY9Y0XVtZ0XMwtbyUy2mpKuB9XCjAzjuema7bV/g94B13Wjqup+GraW8Z97ujvGsjZzlkRgrEnrkHPetHXvh74U8TaNa6VrWiW09lZKFtok3ReQOOEKEFRwOAe1T9lW8vw/rsV9q/r+J4X4i8VxXXwM8WW2geHIPC99aalFa6vbWDKYTltpKlOMHaFOPzOa0LP4b+J5bjwrrFuPh9oVtZ3UE0V7o5nhmuVOBsLsCJCwOME5JOM817bpXgzw5ovh2TQdM0a0h0uVSstt5e5ZcjB37sljgDk5NY2j/AAg8BaBrQ1bSvDdtDeq+9JGeSQRtnOVVmKqQemAMdqqLSlf0/Bf11JlrG3r+J115/wAeM/8A1zb+VfMPw6+HEHij4G6hqN34s1vTYlkuCbRL0LY5TBDPERg89ea+o3USIyOMqwwR6ivPIfgJ8NILlJ08MRs6NuAku53Un3VpCCPYjFZ21fmi76LydzzqHxyup/BLwf8A294Y0/VtQvNR+xWEFyohs96ZRZXRRt24ONuMZyRjFL4M03U9B/aYtLLU7Tw3p1xJpEhlt/DUbx2+OSN6t0fgH6ba9s1jwX4c1/w9HoeraPbT6ZCAIrcLsWLAwNhXBU4OMgiqGg/DHwb4Y1K1v9B0KCyu7WN4o5o3fcVbruJb5z7tkjtWvN77l6/lYzafIo+n53/I8x+GnhDQPEniz4jz6/pVtqTw6zPFELqMSLEGLElQeFY4HzDngc1xVvPJJ+x7qUTuWS31gRxAnO1fNQ4/MmvpbRfCmi+HrnU59Hsvs8uqzm5vG81382Q5y2GJx1PAwKzF+GPhBfCM3hddHA0aef7RJbC5l+aTIOd27d1A4ziojpZeUfwa/wCCaSd235t/J3/zR5t8PiD8cdTi8fKJPEItI20ORv8AUi029IgejY6nr973zmeFv+QX8cP+u91/6DNXteqeDNA1nUdKv9RsPMu9IYNZTpNJG8XTjKsNw4HByKitfAfhuyh1yK203Ymvs7akPPkPnlgQ3Jb5fvH7uOtEtYteTX4p/wDD+YoPlab7p/cmv+GPBdT8H6BD+yVDrqaVbHV2hhmN+yAz7vOC4DnkLt425x7VpfEXVYm1X4b3Opxafq5j0prqbTNWuY7e2nJiUbjLJ8m4noGB6V7TL4G8Oz+Cl8JS6du0NUEYtPOk4UNuA37t3UZ61wPj/wADa4/jDQtU0fw1p/irQdJsTaxaDd3CRbGPG/MgKt8oUfNnp0703L3m+7v+D/4BMYvkSe6Tv53a/wCCO+Cfhm2gvde8Ura6Datqsy/ZrTSJ4rlbGMD5o/NTjk4JVTjK/gPXK8p+GXgLV9J8c6v4r1LR7Hwvb6hbrBFoVhKsiR4I+dygCZ442/3j07+rU5bL0Et2FFFFSUFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFYmreI/7I8TaJpk1rug1d5YluvMx5UqJvVduOdwDc5H3e+aPIDborktD8f2eteNPEXh8W5gOhhD9oaTIuAR85AxwFb5Tyfwq3ovjKxvvBVr4l1iS20azuhvRrq5CoELEIS7BQCwwce+OaOl/61DrY6KiorW7t760jurG4iubeVQ0c0Lh0ceoI4IrPi8UeH5rxLSHXNNkuXVmWFLuMuwUkMQuckAgg+mDRsBq0VmweI9EutJl1W21jT5tOhz5l5HdI0KY65cHAx9atm+tBeR2huoRcyxmWOHzBvdAQCwXqQCRz05HrQBPRXO6p498NaV4f1PWDq9ndW+lg/aVtbmN3Vx0jxuADk8BSRk1p6Lrmm+IdLi1HRryC8tpBw8EqyBTjlSVJGRnkdqA2L9FZsHiTQ7q8e0tdZ0+a5jjaR4Y7pGdUVtrMVByAGBBPYjFP0vXdI1u3kn0XVLLUIYm2ySWlwkqofQlSQDQBforPsNf0fVY7iTS9Wsb1LZis7W1ykgiI6hipO0/Ws+98Yac3hbUdZ8OXem62LGMsVh1GJIyw52tKSVTjuaAOgoqnBq1jNb3Ev2y2/0Qf6VtnVhbnaGIcg/LgEHnsc1Dd+JNDsEtHvtZ0+2W9x9laa6RBPnpsyfmzkdKANKikLALuJG3Gc54xXKL43tL/wAbaTpOhX2najZ3UN01zLbTCVo5IvLwuVbA++cgjPTpQtXYDrKKz4df0e41iXSbfVrGXUoRmSzS5RpkHqUB3DqO1c1oHja/1Gz0yS6s7Mm+1S8sndbpYfKSF5QrKjkmRiIxkL05PAFNK4bHa0VSGs6YbCC+Go2htLhlSG4E6+XKzHChWzgkngAdTTV17R31htITVbFtSVdxshcoZgPXZndj8KQF+isiTxZ4ciumtpdf0tJ1JDRNexhhhth4znhvl+vHWtBr21W+Sya5hF1JGZUgMg8xkBALBepAJAJ9xQBPRWfqfiDRtEaFdZ1ax09pztiF3cpF5h9F3EZ/Cl1HXtI0eNX1bVbGxR0Lq1zcpGGUEAsCxHALLz7j1oAv0VzXi3xnp3h/QL6aDU9N/tRLCW7s7Sa4XdPtQsCEDBmXjtV1vEul2Gk6fda9qdhpzXsaFPtNwsQdyoO1dx569KA2t/Xb/M2KKztR8Q6No6q2r6vYWCsnmKbq5SLK5A3DcRxlgM+pHrWgCGUFSCCMgjvQAtFFFABRRRQBzdj/AMlT13/sC6b/AOj76ukrm7H/AJKnrv8A2BdN/wDR99XSUAFFFFABRRVLV9Y0/QdJn1PWLqO0s7dd0s0hwFH9T2x3pNpasaTeiLtFeead8ZtG1K7gCaD4mh0+5dUg1abSXFpJuICkOCTg56kCvQ6qzEFFFFIAooooAKKKKACiisrxJ4m0jwjor6t4hu/sdkjqjS+W74LHAGFBPX2oA1aK53xl4lvvDnhRtX0PQbrxFPuQJZ2hId1Y/e4VjgDnof61u20rz2kM0kTQPIis0T9UJGdp9x0oDsS0UUUAFFFc3N450yD4jW/gtobo6lcWZvFlCL5IQEjBO7OflPb8aOtg6XOkormvGHifU/DZ0r+yvDV5rv228W3m+ykj7Kh6yNhTwPfA9SK6WjpcAoorD8Y67feG/C91qmlaHc67dQldlhakh5MsASMKx4BzwD0pN2Glc3KK5+98aaVo2naNP4kd9Jn1h44YLaWNnYTOAfLO0HBBOMnAroKppolO4UUVFdT/AGazmn27vKjZ9ucZwM4qW0ldlJXdiWiuX+HPjT/hP/BNr4h+wf2f9oeRfs/nebt2sV+9tXOceldRVNNOzJTT2CiiikMKKKKACiiigAooooAzdX1S703yfsehahq/mbt32KS3XysYxu86VOueMZ6HOOM5v/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVH/CUav8A9CJ4g/7/AOn/APyVXSUUAc3/AMJRq/8A0IniD/v/AKf/APJVFdJRQAUUUUAFcj8SrG8uPCY1DSbWW71HR7qHULaGEEvIY2+ZFABJLIXXHvXXUUvQaPENV8P+ItO8I6DqOlaZevq+rw3VnqUcUbM9sb1vNMjjqBG/BJxiun8YaFd6frHhS4sJtVttI0q3ltpJNJtUupoGKosb+U0cmRhWUlULDd2BNekUVV+39eX4v7xev9ef4L7jnPBGlQaToMq2r6nIlzdSXJfU4kilZnOSfLRUCAnnaVU8nIrz208JzS/DbTLW70GRpz4s+0zwyWhLeX9sbMjKRnb5Z6njb7V7LRQnZp9rfg0/0Fumu9/xv/meXeJfDWpajH8SbTTrCUHUrK2+y/IVS4kETBtpPBPCg/hmp4bmbXfiFp15HoesLp8Hh+6gkkuLJ7ffIzxfugJApDYU4zgHsSATXpVFC/r7mv1H/X5P9DyOLStTufB3iPw5pFne3Wnx6G9rYz6hpxtLlZMMBbZYL5qgYwwGP9pic16N4XvEvvDNi6Q3UBSFI3ju7WS3dWVQCNsig9e+MHtWtRRdu9/63/zFbb+u3+R5GvhbVZPgzq1jYWFxbahcaxcXMsKxCOa4jF6WOA4wxaIcbgQwwOQalvPDk2u+H/El1o914kvtTvNINkjavZR2AYAlhGFEMTFuSN2CvJGa9Xoo/r8LFdb/ANb3PNPFEb+KfAN3aeGtE1K0uoY7ZZBJYG2do0kVngTzlAk+UNgYZD0yc4rM1jRDqnhHxVqGnyeKNV1C50VrNV1LTEtS2MsqLEsETuwJPO1hyQDXr1FF9biWlv62PLvFWi6ouuy6fp1jczWPiuzt7W9lijYpbNGwWR3I+7uhZgCe6AVHrOh3Vt481v7bca/aaZqdnb29odI02K7jdFQq0L7oJTHycjO1fmJzwa9VopPVWfmC0/r+uxx3iHQLuT4N3eg6Kl09yNK+zQR3Mq+c+EA2sw+XcQMEjjJrEtUGrfELw7f6ToGoafb2uk3VrLc3Fg9uImIj2RfMAeMHBxtPOCea9Mopt3bb6/5NfqC0SS6f8D/I8g8F+HJ1g0LTdeufFH9paRdee9sbCFLRZRuzILnyBvVtxJxKXO45Gc1NoejanF/wiPm6ddp9n8S6nPNugYeVG/2na7ccKdy4J4O4etes0VSkJq/9ev8AmeYaVoWor42Tw7PYXC6LpWoz6vbXTRnyXEi5jiDdCVkllOOwRfaszwv4auRFYaR4huvFAv7HVDdtbxWEItWcTFhMLnyPmUg5I83eQSMdq9ioqU7W8v06jet/P/g/5s888OeEE1DwX4s0rULJ7N9Y1O/3u8RR3VpGEcnPUYwQfYYqH4VS6j4gnv8AxHrsDRXcMcejxhu/kZEzr7NKW/74FekEblIPQjHBqnpGkWOg6VDpukwfZ7SAERx7mbGSSSSxJJJJOSc0J2+5L7tPyCXvfe39+v52+44y5LaL488RXWr6Pf6hBq1rBFZS2tm90pVVKvA20HyxuO7LYU7uvBrN8PeFL+w1X4eQ6vYPM+laZdiWQp5iWshEexS/IBAyo55wcV6lRRHT+vX/ADH/AF+X+R5D4isLiHT/AIh6XdeHr/Ub3Wmaawkhs3mSdPIVUHmY2oUZW+ViD/dBzUl3pOo2niz7VqFz4gsrC80W1tYn0rTo7zDKG8yKRWglaPOQc4VT3PAr1qil0t6fgrA3f8fxaf6HnWleGBp/jjwgsVhevZaXoNxDHPexh3gffCFV3UbQ+3cMDsDiuy0bXrbXJNRW0imVbC7a0eSRQFldQCxQgnIBO3tyCMcVp1FbWtvZwCG0gjgiBJEcSBVBJyTgepJP41Tlffz/ABdybf18rEtFFFSMKKKKAObsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31dJXN2P8AyVPXf+wLpv8A6Pvq6SgAooooAK8Y/aRffoHhmyuJClhda1Gl1zgFcHr+p/CvZ6wvGPhDSvHHhufRNcjdreUhleNtrxOOjqfUflS2afZp/cxrqvU24o0ihSOFQsaKFVV6ADoK8Y0+TWfix8QfFVnL4o1fQNI8P3ItLe30a4FvJK+WBd3wSR8p46dPTno9H+Hfi7TpLe1u/iZqV1o9sV8u0SwhjmKKRhWn5Zhjg9CfajVfhbqEfizUPEHgbxdceGbvVMG/j+xR3cUxHRgrkbT789/WnpzXfn+mv5i+zZeRwkXjPxKnwz+JGjX+r3M9/wCGJvItdVRjHM6FyBllwdw29evNa+iaZ4ytPhnrXjLX/Gl1fS3/AIdeW3soQ8aWZ8vejq2774HU7Qc9zXTR/CCwtvh3rvhu01O4N3rrNLe6pcoJJJJCQdxUFRj0GR1q/wCJNK/sL4G6npPnef8AYdBkt/N2bd+yAruxk4zjpk1M3aEn1svydy6aTqRXS7/NWPLDa+L5vgRa+Pn8e6zHqdlaLPBbxzAW7RqwXEqkZlcgZ3MTyelbeueOdf8AFU/gDw5pl/Job+KLL7Xf3lsB5qKEyVjJ+7nDc9Rx+Od4H+Fd/wCLfhDoVq/jLUbTw/ewia80pYI33sGJwkp+ZFyM7fmGa9F8V/C6w1610RtHv59C1LQF26Ze26B/JXaBtZG4ZeBxkfXk1tKyk77X2+/9betjGDvBNb23+636+hylnNrfw6+M2g+GP+Ej1XX9G16CViurzieaCRATuEmAccDjpyaxPh9YeN/G3ibVrl/HF7ZaRoniOXFqC8j3IV8mJm3DEe3AC8jk/LXofhz4az2PiyPxR4u8R3HiXW4ITBbTSWyW0VuhznbGnAbkjOe9XvAXgX/hB11sf2j9u/tbUpL/AP1Hl+Vv/g+8c49ePpUxdrN7pP8ANW+5FPW9vL8nc8q8eeIY7vXdb/snxP8AEDUrzT2kGzw1AFsbBgOEmxjeARycno3Ssjx/d6h4x/Zj0PxTrGqXpvY3EUsMMoSC5Jm2b5EAwzAICDxgk16Q/wAG7231TWRoPjS/0nRNclea+06G1jZ2d87tkzZKA57DOO9XF+EFpL8GYvh/fapJKkOWS+ihCMH8wyA7CT64IzyPSoWkP/Af+D/XUu/v39f+Ac58RbPUPAf7Ply2keJddnujNbyLe3V+zTxhmQFFddpC47e5qXXtc1zxR8RNA8BWGt3ejWcukLqF/e2ThbmbK/dVyDt6ZyPWt7WPhjq/iP4Wz+Etf8XtfXMs0brqLacibEQqQgjVhn7vUtnmrHib4X/2xf6RrOh67caF4g0m3FtDqEUCyq8eMEPG3DDk9+/erbV3fXX8LfozNJ2SXb8b/wCRz/he/wBb8H/Gx/Al1ruoa9pN3pn223l1OQS3EDAnIMmAWBwevt0xzy3hKz8UeMvAHibUrrx1r1n/AGTfXYs47W42ksg3/vHOXZOQAgIAxXqHhL4cnQvEVz4l8Qa5ceIfENzCLdr2aFIUjjB+6ka8L2zyfwyaPB/w4/4RTwjrehnVPtY1a5uJ/O+z+X5XmqFxt3HOMdcjPtUSvZ97P776fgXG3N5XX3W1/EX4QeJL/wAWfCvSNW1eTzr2RXSWXAG8o7LuIHGSAK5PUP8Ak7zS/wDsX2/nJXefD3wcPAXgiy8PC++3/ZTIftHleXv3OW+7k46461z3i34Y6vrfxEt/GHhzxd/YF9BZCzA/s1LrK5Yk/OwHO7HTt1rSbXtOaO2v5MhJ8ji/L80/yKXxy1jU9Ih8InSdQurE3GuwxTfZpmj81CDlWwRlfY8VQ1+XX9Y/aKfw1YeJtQ0nTZtDWadbV8kYc5MYbKo54+fBOM1s6x8L9b8TaNo9r4m8Zf2jd6Xqq6gLv+y0i8xFGBFsRwB3O7nr0rcHgXHxcPjf+0eum/YPsXkf7W7fv3fpt/GpjZWv3f8A6Tp+I3d7dl+f+R5n4P0/xPrvi3xb4GvPHeuppuhzKYbuKUfbZN+SoacgnaMcgYz6gcVmw+NfEd1+zT4nnudZvG1TRtRFlHqMcrRzMgkjwS6nOcMRnqR1zXrnhrwEPDvjzxN4lGo/aP7eaNvs/kbfI2Aj7247s59BXNw/BQQ/DXxD4TGv5Ot6gb03f2P/AFPzI23Zv+b7nXI69KnXlt1svvuv0uaRsp36X/Cz/U4X4s6PLqmmfDXU7nWtWE2oS2dtIiXWEjYqCZkGOJct9/noK6H4oa/q3gWz8LeDdG1LxDef2i8n2m/hxd6lLGpBKRkgZc7uvBAArsfFfwwi8TeDdD0dNWlsb3Qmhks7+OEPiSNdoJjJwQcZxn05puvfDKbxNoGjprHiS6fxFo8jTW2uQW6ROJCc8xD5dvC/L/s9etXJq7ttzX9UZQTUVfflt6M474aaz4ptviGdNW08bz+GJ7RnebxbanzoJ15+WXoVIwMZ79O9VPB6+KPiXo/iDxi/i/U9MlhuJ7fT9Pt3X7IiIucSxEHfndjPB756V6b4X8LeJNL1A3nijxtd+IHCGOOAWUVpCoOOSiZ3MMHknv0rnIPg3Np+papFovi/UNM8O6tK015pEECbmZvvBJj8yKRxgDOO9TLVW8rfO/8AloVHTXzX3W/z1E/Z0/5Inpf/AF2n/wDRrV6jXMfDzwYPAPgy28PpffblgkkcTGLy8hnLY25PTOOtdPV1GpSuiYqysFFFFQUFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABVe81Cy06NH1C7gtUkcRo08qoGbBO0ZPJwDx7VYri/iRpcurR+Goo7GS9ij1+1lnRYjIEjG7LMMcKOMk8UdUu7X4sOjfZN/cjcXxf4ae1t7lPEOlNb3UvkwSi9jKzSf3FO7DN7DmrOp69pGiCI6zqtlp/nNsi+13CReY3ou4jJ+led6x4ZeVvijLFozvLqFlGls62xLXJFt0Q4+b58cDPPvR4m/thmFk9vqttBNoSRxz6ZpS3M11Nhg1vK7xuI1GQfm28s3zUm/dv/Wz/wAiuX+vu/z/AAPRtS1rS9GtFutX1KzsLd2CrNdTrEjE9AGYgZrF8N+Lk1HQdS1XWriys7az1G5tvPL+XEIo5CqszMcZIAyc4rktMtLvRrjwNqmr6TqE9pa+HzZyrFaSTyWlwyxfeiVSwyqspOOOhxmseDw/rEHh3TJ4tP1bSbSy8S3t3Pb2dqklxDC5k8t0hZHVwCy/dVjg5XkVbioyav3/ADt+WvoyE7wT9Pyb/PT1PZLDUbLVbJLzTLyC9tpOUnt5VkRvowJBqtd+IdF0/UodOv8AV7C2vZ/9TbTXKJJJ/uqTk/hWP4H0uCxh1O8t59YuDqN19okm1a3S3eRtiruWJY4yowoB3ICSCfeuQ1CyuYdH8b6BeaFf3mp65dTyWc0do8sVwjoBEWmA2R7MYw7KRt4zkVL3t5f5af12KWq+f9P+u56gNQszdT2wu4DcW6LJNEJRviU5wzDOQDg4J9DXPap8SPC2j6vpNhe6xZp/a0TTQXH2qIRLGBkMzFhw3RSMgkGuaNvqPhnxVrEt3p+o6idR0K1t7eSztnmEs0SyB1ZgMITuBBcgHPWqum2F9pGm/DDUL3TtQEemWL295HFZSyywM9uqjdGilxyuDxx3xVcqvv2/X/JfeTd2+X6L/N/cd74s8XaV4L8Pvq+tzbLdXVFVWQPIzHAChiATjJ69AT2qWTxX4eh0eLVpte0yPTZjtjvHvIxC5zjAfO0nII69qyfifpt1q3w31W10+CS4uCscixRrud9kiuQB1Jwp461l3l95XjzTvFFxpmqXOkyaU9rCyabO8trN5mW3QbPMXeoA3bf4eeCKldv62/V6D6f13/pneQXMFzbJcW00c0Ei7kljYMrD1BHBFcNcfFbRb7wr4mvvDN7aXN/okNwy28kyP5vlD/WBUfJiJIAbjPtWl8O9KutJ8OXK3ds1mtzqNzdW9q+AYIpJCyKQOBxzjtnFcjNYX0Xgz4kaF/Z2oNfXk19dWyrZylLhJEG3ZIF2MxPG0Hdx0pPr6X+en/B+4qNrr/Fb5a6/PT7z0PQ/Eem63CsVrqNlcX0cMb3VtbzqzwllB+ZQSV/Gpodf0e41iXSbfVrGXUoRmSzS5RpkHqUB3DqO1cfFoc1p4r8HGw097aG20S6tpHihKpCSsO1GIGF5BIB7g1geCvDk6waFpuvXPij+0tIuvPe2NhCloso3ZkFz5A3q24k4lLnccjOa0aXN/Xdr/g/1czV1C7/rQ9M8Sa5F4c8OXurTxmYW0e5IVODK54VAfVmIH41R8NeLrbXfCI1u/jTSfJaSO9huJhi0kjYq6s5wMAjrwMc1m+O7HVdd1TQdG0kLDGLr7fc3VxaPNboIcFEYKyZJcqQNwPyE9q4rxJputaB4c+I9jq2y7ttT01tTiu7SzeC3EpXy5Y8M74b5UbG7nJOKhbO/y+X9P7kXbVJf1f8ApfeetWWt6VqVxcW+nanZ3c1qcXEcFwjtCfRgDlfxqK08S6Ff3yWVjrWn3N1JEJkghukd2jP8YUHJX36VxWm251Xxrol/pWj3mmWelaPPbXRuLNrcEv5eyFcgBwu1jlMqOx5rmPB1v/bHgfwFp2kaLeWt1ZX0d9PdmzaOJI1373EuNjGTO3aCW+bkDFUlrb+t2r/hf0+8n7Ll/W17fp/VjvNN8aahc6f9olsbSVm8QS6VxcrbhIllZA/zk73wB8i8sTwK6Rtd0hNYXSX1WyXUmXetkbhBMV9Qmd2PwrzmDR9SGiWyHTrsOvjZ7oqYGyIftDnzMY+5gg7umK1fCo/si61DR9Y0S+uL+fWp7xLgWTyQyI8m6OXziNilVwMFtw28A8Uo6rX+tI/5v+tnPSbt/Wsv8kvu+fYQ+INGudXk0q31axl1GIZks0uUaZB6lAdw6jtUY8TaCdQisBrenG8mdo47cXcfmOykhlC5ySCCCO2K8vsYtb1HxT4VlvrTV4Z7LVZnurFNJWGxsVMUyhklEYL7uPmEjLluQCQKsS+HLtPh/rQi0edb6bxUbtQts3myKL1SJRxkgIMhv7vtTir2v/Wq/wA/wG1b+vX/AC/E7i18feHrrxpd+Fk1CBdTtVQmNp4x5rNuJRBu3FlC5YY4yK6SuItRJpPxg1q6vba6W11PTrVbe5S2keHdEZS4eRQVjwCD85Gc8ZrpfD+tweI9AtNXtIJ4ILtN8aXChX25IBwCRg4yOehFLoJ7/wBdilpfiy1n0YX2uS2GklrieFVbUYpVbymYEhwcZ2oWK9V5B6GtbT9SsdWskvNKvLe9tZM7J7aVZEb6MpINeV6V4fvZI/CEd9pNwyW/ifUbmZZbZsRITcmORsjgElCGPqMdq7DwVY3Fjrfi/wA61lt4J9ZM1vvjKrIpgiyy54ILBuR3zVcu/p/l/n+Ano/n/n/l+J1tFFFQMKKKKAObsf8Akqeu/wDYF03/ANH31dJXN2P/ACVPXf8AsC6b/wCj76ukoAKKKKAK2oXU1lYSXFtYXGoSpjbbWzRrI+SBwZGVeM55YcDueKxP+Eo1f/oRPEH/AH/0/wD+Sq6SigDm/wDhKNX/AOhE8Qf9/wDT/wD5Ko/4SjV/+hE8Qf8Af/T/AP5KrpKKAOb/AOEo1f8A6ETxB/3/ANP/APkqj/hKNX/6ETxB/wB/9P8A/kqukooA5v8A4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+SqP+Eo1f/oRPEH/AH/0/wD+Sq6SigDm/wDhKNX/AOhE8Qf9/wDT/wD5Ko/4SjV/+hE8Qf8Af/T/AP5KrpKKAOb/AOEo1f8A6ETxB/3/ANP/APkqj/hKNX/6ETxB/wB/9P8A/kqukooA5v8A4SjV/wDoRPEH/f8A0/8A+SqP+Eo1f/oRPEH/AH/0/wD+Sq6SigDm/wDhKNX/AOhE8Qf9/wDT/wD5Ko/4SjV/+hE8Qf8Af/T/AP5KrpK8jv774ga38XvEWh+HPE8Gm2GnxQSRQy2cT7d0SE/MUJPzEnk96AO4/wCEo1f/AKETxB/3/wBP/wDkqj/hKNX/AOhE8Qf9/wDT/wD5KrmP+Ea+LH/Q9WH/AIL4/wD43R/wjXxY/wCh6sP/AAXx/wDxugDp/wDhKNX/AOhE8Qf9/wDT/wD5Ko/4SjV/+hE8Qf8Af/T/AP5KrhPAviHxpH8c9W8IeLNej1S2tNI+1IIrWONQ5eHByqBujsMZxzXr9AHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0leNaPc/EvxT4k8UJpXi62s7PTdWmtYIZbGJiqB22jPl5OAAMnmgD0H/hKNX/6ETxB/wB/9P8A/kqj/hKNX/6ETxB/3/0//wCSq5j/AIRr4sf9D1Yf+C+P/wCN0f8ACNfFj/oerD/wXx//ABugDp/+Eo1f/oRPEH/f/T//AJKo/wCEo1f/AKETxB/3/wBP/wDkquM+D/ifxTrHi3xvo3i3Vl1JtDuYYIGS3jiC5MwYjaoJzsXrnpXq9AHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVR/wlGr/APQieIP+/wDp/wD8lV0lFAHN/wDCUav/ANCJ4g/7/wCn/wDyVRXSUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABVTVdLs9b0m50zVIfPs7uMxTR7iu9T1GQQR+Bq3RQA0RqIhGB8gXbjPaq2laVZ6JpNvpulw+RaWyCOKPcW2r6ZYkn8TVuuR1Hxzaf8JNoel6Ff6bf/bNQktL5YphK8G2GR8fK3ytuQD5h0zxTV27BsjrqKpLrWltZrdrqVmbZ5vIWYTrsaTds2Bs43bvlx1zx1qG78S6FYXH2e+1rTrabzRB5c12iN5hAITBOdxBBx1wRSA06K5fVPE97YeLbjTYLa3nhi0WTUVV5PKZ5FfaFMhO1VI7kcdc1fXxRplrounX+vX9hpJvo0ZEnvY9pdlB2I+QH69R160LVX/rdr9GHW39bJ/qjWmhiuYJILiNJYpFKvG6hlZTwQQeopURIo1jiVURQFVVGAAOwFUL7xDoumXNvb6lq9hZz3RxbxXFykbTf7oJy3UdKzJ/H/h228bjwrc6jbw6kYFlAknjVSzNhYuW3eYcghccgg0LV2QdLnSUVntr+jrrI0htVsRqbLuFkblPOI9dmd2PwrQoAKKKKACiiigDm7H/AJKnrv8A2BdN/wDR99XSVzdj/wAlT13/ALAum/8Ao++rpKACiiigArz341X1xYeA4WttVudIWbU7WGa8tbgwPHE0gDEP/Dx36etehV538a4Yrnwbp0FxGksUmt2SPG6hldTKAQQeoNK13Fea/ND2Tfk/yG+AtK8O2euTXGifEzVvFUy27B7O716O9RFJHz7FGQRjGff3q74e+LOi+KdQsrXRdN1m5W5d0kulsiYLRlzhZZASFJxkAZ6jOM10OneFPD2hSSz6FoOmabNJGUaSzs44WZeuCVAJGR0rkPgPG0fwjsgyFGNzdZyMH/XvVXv8kK3u38/0Lur/ABa0bS9UntLfSde1aK1kMV5faZprT29qy/eDycdO+3OMHvVrWtf0ifUPB93HqepeTqV3iyOnyBYLktEzATg8smOQB3xXitjZ6J4bnvdG8ceN/Hfh3Vft0/lWenTzC3u1eQsrwhI2B3bhnJ+8TXcXek2Wj2nwqsNIW/FnHqpaIaguLgKYpG+cADB56YGKIapPzX47ino5Jdn+Gx1nif4p6T4a1SfTo9K1vW7q0QPdpo9iZxaqRkGRsgLkc4zXG/EHxvaeK/hBY+ILaz1LSrL+2rNgdRhELOgkVvMGGIKehz2rn/E/j248G/EzxXbWPiHRNIGoXMXnw6paXNywAhRfOjMCkA9Rsf0B71teKLbSLb4C+HLPw9qcer2FtqdlGLuPBEh84biR/D8xPB6dKUNVGXnH80Oel15S/I7jRvipoes+JIdG+xavp8l2CbG41Gwa3hvgBk+Uzcnj1Armk+LOoxfGDU9El8O+JbjToYYoYoINLVjHJ5jK1wxznymGMNnGB0rZ+JH/ACN3w/8A+w4f/RL1m6n4gsPBvx4urvxAZ7e31nSre2sZUtpJRNMsjZjGwHDcjr6042cl6teulxS2fon+Nj1SiiikMKKKKACvNvDP/JwHjT/r1tf/AEVHXpNebeGf+TgPGn/Xra/+io6APSaKKKAPHdD/AOTv/Ef/AGLyf+hW9bXxVjvdQ1zwdotprWqaRDqWoyR3E2l3RglKiJmA3D3HcGsXQ/8Ak7/xH/2Lyf8AoVvWl8XdD07xJ4l8DaRrVv8AabG61OVZot7JuHkseqkEcgdDS3aXmh9H6P8AId4eGo+EfinbeE4fEuo+ItPu9Plupk1SZZ7iyZWUKxkAB2tuIwfTitSy+LWialrQ0zTNO1q9nS+ayuGtrEyR2jK5TfKwOEQkcd8ckCtvwt4G8NeCrd4fDGkQWAk/1jrl5H5yAzsSxAyeCeK5b4LxsmleKCyFSfEt71GM/MKtau3Zfqv8yXor93+j/wAjR1v4qaTo+rTWFtpGva01q/l3k+k6c1xDaNgEiR8gZAOSBkjFXNW+JPhzR9D0fWbm6eTTtYlWK3uIkyoyjMCwOCPukYAJzgYrxb7Jo3hnXdY07xz428ceGr6bVJ5bWHTLiZba7jkfcrxbI2yx3AHnrW34ntdP8K+CPh1/ZEGs3NlB4hS4SO9j3XkgPmOcpgcnJIGAeR3qY6xTfVr8dxy0bS6X/DY9H8PfE7SfEHiL+xG07WdIvZEaS1XVrFrcXiL1aLPUY55wcdqh134qaboeqzWY0LxHqUds5S6vNP0t5be2Ixnc/Gcd9uehrnJfFOnfEn4keFR4QW6uYtDuZrnULx7WSFLf92U8olwPmJIyAO1cp4l13+1PEfiDTvF/inxdpOrQ3M0ek6HoavElzb7fkbKxkPuwSSzADnpSd0k/X52/r9RpXf3fLf8Ar52PVPEfiHSJYfCWoDUtTS11LUoRZvpsgVLgujFVmB5MRHUDnOKk8UfEfS/DGsRaT/Z+raxqLxiWS10iyNxJBETjzHAIwuR9favNbVWPwr+EQAJP9s2nA+klb03ibT/h18XvEl34v+029pr0dq2n3iWskyOUQqYfkUkNnJA960lFKTXm/wAEiE20n/dX5su/CfVLXWvFHjvUdPdnt7jVImQshRh+4UEFTyCCCCDyCK9NrzP4U3p1PxR46vjaXNmtxqcUiQ3cflyBTAu0svbIwcHnnnBr0ypeiXovyQLd+r/MKKKKRQV5x8Kv+Q947/7GCf8A9CavR684+FX/ACHvHf8A2ME//oTUAej0UUUAeN/Bz/krnxX/AOwnD/6HcV1Hiq+1nXvG9t4O8P6nJpESWZvtTv4FUzLGW2JHGWBCliGJbBwBXL/Bz/krnxX/AOwnD/6HcVt+KbqXwN8TU8YXNnc3Oh3+nCxv5bWEytZvG5dJGVedhBIJ5xilpdX2/wCA7fiPWztv/wAFX/C5teGPA174W1Pzk8Za/q9myMJLXWLhbnLHGGV9oZcY6dOazL34z6DbXky22k+INR0+3dkuNXsdMeWzhKkhsyZ5AxyQCKuaP8SfDvjxrjTfCN1eXrvBIGvEspY4YDt43O6rzyMAZrjPCHxI0Lwd4Fs/B+v2t/b+I7GB7c6UmnzO90wLfNGQpVg3Jzkd6bv/AJee/wDXzBW/rodL4wv7XVPEfw5v9PnS4tbnVGlilQ5DqbaQgipvDjrH8ZfHLyMERbWwLMxwAPLfmuWsNDvfDmkfCfS9UXy7uHUpDJHnPlloZW2fhux+Fac+nXWr+Nvifp2nvsurvSbWGFt2MO0MgHPbk1UvdUuXpf8AQUfetfsv/SjUHxl8Pm+QHTdeXSpHCJrjaa4sCScA+aexP8WMe9bfizx3pfhE20NzBfajf3gZrbT9MtjcXEyr95go7DPUkV4Np1t4RudCt/D2v+NPiPHrH2dYLrw4kkrYYAAoqeSU2emTjGK9G8Q6hafDv4p2XiPX1uk0CXQ105b4QvMLWRJAwD7ASNwI5wckUmlor9d/l/np8xJve3y+a/4f5Efjz4vT2vw3k1Xw1peu2d810ts5uNMw1kwZCyyq+Qu5Wwp5BJr0Lwr4j/4SjRzfHR9W0grIY/I1a18iU4AO4Lk/Kc8H2NcJ8QNdt/H3wV1m98MW95c28M0Lo72rxmdEkjkZ41YBmXbnnHODXdeE/Fuj+M9FGp+HriS5sw/lea8DxZYAZADgE4zjI4zmmlo/66IH0NuiiipGFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAGfr9rc33hvUrXT32XU9pLHC2cbXKEKc9uSK8z0+2N3qXw5is/C+o2cmiu8N7NNYPGtr/orqU3sBuUvg7lypOOckV65RTi7O/wDWl/8AMHqrev4/8MeLi11Oz8IWnhn+w9VlvrfxQlxM8dk5hWA33miUSY2su0jO0krzkDBqe+lt/wDhI/iXZHQLvUbvUBDbQvb2bSiVmtVCxs6g+WATnL4UZznNew1Ts9JsrC/vr20h8u41CRZLl97HzGVQgOCcD5QBxijeLi+t/wAbf5FKVpcy/rVv9Tz6XQtWtb5YZ4Li6kh8GPZvOkbMsk4IG0MByxxnHU1Ho0E/h/WdL1DW9I1C4tZvDVrYx+RYy3DQSrkyRvGikpuBXkgD5cEivUaKLvV/19r/AOSM1FL+v8P/AMieOeP49XvrHxBpttpmrWEE+loun2ml6RHMLz90cpPL5bhNhG0KGQ4+6SSK6ZIbjTfinpeo3VnetbXWhLYiWG0klWOYShtshQHYMHq2Bwea72ihOzv/AFs1+pT1Vv63T/Q8d0fw1dO0mj+IrrxQLldae+EFrYwm1l/0jzI5ftJg4425BlD8EAdBXqlhqn2+9v7f7De232KYRebcQ7EnyobdGc/MvOM8cgir1FC2t/XT/IHvcKKKKQBRRRQBzdj/AMlT13/sC6b/AOj76ukrm7H/AJKnrv8A2BdN/wDR99XSUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHnd58OPENprWoXngvx1NoMGpXLXV1bSaXBd5lYDJV3wwHHQ5rqPCXhW08IaM9jaTTXMk073Nzcz43zyucsxCgAfQDFblFC0VkD1d2FFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeReIPBHxMi+JuteI/A+saDaWupJCgS93tIAkaKcgRMB8ynoemK9dooA8g/sb4+/9DL4T/79v/8AGaP7G+Pv/Qy+E/8Av2//AMZr1+igDyb4f/D7xvpXxU1Dxj451LSLyW8002Z+wM4O7fEVO0xqMYjPf0r1miigAooooAK5zxZ4RXxTd6DM14bb+x9SjvwBHv8AN2gjZ1GOvXnp0ro6KOtw6WCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArxZfAvxc0XxJ4gu/CmueHLex1XUprxEuRIzhWclQf3RwcEZwTXtNFAHkH9jfH3/oZfCf/ft//jNH9jfH3/oZfCf/AH7f/wCM16/RQB5l8JfAHifwhrfinVvGF7pt3d69NDMWsGcgMplLZDIuM+YMYz3r02iigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACuY1XxTNpfjNdNkhElkNInv3MULyTFkkRQFC5JGGPAUnpXT1y97ot9cfEq31NIf9BXRp7Rpt68SNLGwGM56KTnGOKWt/v/J2/Gw9Lfd+a/Qm8D+MIfG3hi11aGzubNpo1Z4ZoZFVSeyO6KJB/tLkVHd/EXwtY3l1bXeqeW1lOLe7c28vl2zkAjzJNu1AdwwzEA9jwai+G1hqOjeB7DRdX06azuNNjFuXeSN0nxn50KMTtP8AtBT7VzuoeENan8LfEOzjsQ0+s37TWKean75PKiUHOcLyrfex0q2k5tLb/gr9GyVeyv8A1udlp/jHQ9Ue7SzvGZrOLz5Vkt5IyYucSKGUb0ODhlyD2NSQ+KdGuLfR54bzdFreP7PbynHnfuzJ6fL8qk/Nj86yL3w9e3fjqS8WEJZy6BJYmfcvErSAgYznpk5xiua0fQfE6f8ACBadc6C1vb+G3ZLy6e7iKybbZ4leNVYkoSR1AYZHy9TRGzWv9av/ACX3hr/Xon+d18jr38eaI1nfzWMtxdmygebEdnOVnCHB8pghEgBwCU3YzzU3g3xVD4x8L2erwWlxaG4iR3hnhkQKzKGwrOi+YvP31GDXNaLoOtwaleWdnp11o2iTWc6TWl1eR3EJuHPytb7SzqnL5DbByMIOa3fh5a6hpvgXS9K1fTZrC6022jtX8ySN1lKKBvQozfKe27afakkrO/l+t/0G99PP9LGRovxCsrfUNctfEepMrW2sSWsT/ZmMdvHhNiySIu1MknBcjPqa6TVvFujaJdfZ9QuZPNCCWRYLaWfyUOQHk8tW8tOD8zYHB54rhNQ8O+JbjRfF3h1NCzF4g1GZ4NQ+0xeXDE4QF5FLB84UlQoYk9dtWNS8GXcHjPUryXTNX1ew1OCCNDpmtPZ+S0abGEqiaMMpGDkbj1GPVL4Y+i/JB1fq/wA/8j0G41SxtdJfVLi7hjsUi85rguNmzGd2fTFc/qXjOF9FgvtEuYYSdQt7WUapZ3MJAkkVcCMoHDEMNpI28gk4q9PosEfgQaLHo8VxbLZrb/2b9pO0oFAKCRuTgdCcZwOR1HGy+HvFF/4dNo9te/ZotZsJ7G11K6hkuYIIpUaUvIrEMPlJGWZsd88Cklz26XX3X1/AWvLfrr+R1WpfEHw5pN+1nd3V00qzrbsbbTri4QTN0j3xxsu/kfLnPtS3/wAQfDOmX95Z3moOs9iyLdqlrM4tgyhlaRlQhEII+diF6jPBrzKM3EFzrOv33+neGrfxG8ps4L9Y8zpKqqwgNvuLBwDt84BiMhemex1Dwxq1xZfEZIrPc2tx7bAGRB5x+yrH6/L8wI+bH5VK+Dmfa/5afiy0k5uL72/FnUar4r0jRZY4r24laR4/N2W1rLcMsf8Az0YRqxVP9psD3pl94x0LT47J5b4zC/j822W0hkuWljwCZAsasdgBGWI2jIya4q78Hahb+J/7SuNL1XUra70y1tWi0nWGspLeSIMDvAmjDod3XLEYOBzWhB4f1Dwv4j0rUdF8Pm5sU0caY1lb3as9mwfep3zMu9OSCcluAcGnZXt/XX/gEJu1/T9Py1+41vhzr1z4k8If2ld3S3ZkvbtI5lVQGiWd1jxtABG0Lz3rK8MfESxb7fbeIdTb7THrVzZRyfZm8qICUrFG8iLsQkYA3kFvetX4c6RqWieDxaa3bR2t417dTNFHIJFUSTu64YdRhh6H1A6VyMvhnxNdeF9b8LSaF5cerazPcJqP2qIxxQNceZvZd28PgfKFDdsleRVac9un/BRT+F+v4a/8A7+TxbokOl6lqEl9tttLmaC8byn3RSLjK7cbifmGMA5yMZzVvUNZsNKS1fUJ/IW7nS2hZkYhpH+6pwPlz0ycDOB1Neb65odzJ8ZLbSLPY+lauIdX1JN3KPanapx6O3kj/tma7Xx5pCa14G1S1aZbd0hM8M7HAhlj+dHz2wyg1F0oqT/q2/43sCV5cq/q+36XLN54r0Swnv4by/WJ9PWJrkFGwnmZEag4wzNjhRk8jjkVWXx34eOl6hqEl7LBDpiCS8S5tJoZoFPRmidBJg9jt57Vw2jaFreveAtP8TtZxSazeavFr0tk0gUSRgbUiDHgERbSM4G7rir2u+EdZ8Yp4mvpLA6RLqOjLptpa3UsbSMyu77pDGzKBkgDDHjJOOlO1naXT/L/AD0/ESs7W2/4Nvy1/A719b0+PVoNMe4xeXFs91FHsb5okKhmzjAwXXgnPNVPD3i7RvFUTTaBcS3cCqG8/wCyypE2ewdlCkjuoJI7gVzdjZeIdT+IGm6tfaBJplja6LPaEz3ULyec7xHBCMw2kIcEE98heAdv4faTd6F8PtG0zUoPs93bWwSaIMrbWyc8qSD+Bp2Vr/1u/wBEvvDp/XZHR0UUVIBRRRQBzdj/AMlT13/sC6b/AOj76ukrm7H/AJKnrv8A2BdN/wDR99XSUAFFFFABRRRQAVzOv+LU8PeIrO2vFzZ3MRLuBzG2cZ9x6101eX/FOKSfXdNigRpJHiKqijJYlulLqh9GenRyJNEskTq6OAyspyCPUU6ud8FaHe6FoYg1C5aR3O8Q5ysP+yD/AD7fzPRVT0ZK1Rg3XimK08Vw6M9udkgUNc78BHYEquMd8etXb7Vvsmsadp6Q+a96Xy2/HlqoyT05rlZLBta0/wASX8JbzxeZtj3BgAxj68j8at6VqUWueKV1OM7obTTFJH9yRzkj8hikttf60uN76f1rY7Cqup6jDpOmT311uMUK7mCDJPbArktP0ay8S6K+u+I3kmebfJGPOZUtkBIAUAgds5NZktr/AGx4P8OR6orz3M94IonZ23eUWOSeeflUcntRZ7en4hpuehXFxMuntPaWxuJtm5IC4QsfTJ4FZes6ze2n9n2dhbQnUr8kLHM5KRYXLEkckD2rM1vSLHS9NsNG0qDyIr/UI96h2bIHzMeST/CKgu/Dul618RLlbq1Mscdosk+ZWG6QnC9Dx8o6Dijd/wBdrhstf66HXWH237DH/aggF1z5n2fOzrxjPPSrFcZb38fh288SxKv3JI5beIfxtImAoH1FdB4e0xtK0OC3mO6dsyTt/ekY5Y/mf0o31DbQ06KKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAorEHjHQzrEemfa5BPNIYYna2lEMkgzmNZivls4wflDZ4PHFObxdoiaXqOote4tNMuGtruTyn/dyKQCuNuTyw5GRQGxs0Vykfjy1f4i3PhRrC9Dw20Uy3S2k7IzOzDBxHtVQFH7wttJJHUGsnwL8RLXUNKih1/UWfUZtSubRH+yssQZZnEcRkVfLV9gXCkhjwec00r7A9N/60ueg0Vgaj438P6VfS2l9fOjwFRcSJbSyRWxOCBLKqlI8gg/Ow6ipL7xjomn67Fo091K+ozRrMltb2sszmNiVD/Ip+XIOT0HGcZFLfYDbork9P8a28Glz3OvXltI/9p3Flbx6ba3Erv5bkBBHtLs4CncVBXgkcc1pXni7RbK1tZ5LmWUXiGSCK2tZZ5ZEGMsIo1Z8DIyccZ5xQHWxtUVhXXjTQLWxsrpr4zx34JtVtIJLiSYL94iONWbC9zjjviqXw+1+fxJod9fXF0t2i6pdwwSKqgeSkpCDgDOFxz19aA6X/AK6/5HVUViweLNIvdSn06xumkuoi6bjby+SXT7yCXbsZl7qrEjB44rK03x7YxeFdIv8AXryGe81C3MwXSbO5mEgX7zpGEMgQcZLAYyM9RR0v/X9aDs9jr6K5hfiL4Yaz065W+nKapG8lin2C48y5VMbtkezc33gQAMkcjIq9H4u0SbQotYgvGls5nMcflwSNI7jOUEQXeXG1spt3DB44p2aEbNFcZ4g+JmlaR4VXW7CG41GP7bHZPClvMjxOzqrB18ssjANnaygk4A5IrYu/F+j2NraTXL3ateKXgtl0+4a5dR94+QEMgAyMkqMZGetLpcDborn7rx14bs9Fs9Wn1RPsV7N5FvKkbv5kuGOzaoJDfKw2kZyMdeKi07xQLvxDqcU1zaw6da2MF2qTQTwXEIffuaUSKoVfk4HUYOQOKdg/r9DRPhjQW1n+120TTTqec/bTaR+dnGM78bunvWpWDaeNvD955+2+aDyIGuXN5by2waFesqmRV3oMj5lyORzzVzRvEGn6/FJJprzERkblntZYGAIyDtkVSVPY4wexo1DzNKisPU/GWhaPeva3946PEAZ3S2lkjtwehlkVSkWf9sipX8VaLFp+q3sl6Ft9HdkvmMb/ALkhQx4xlvlYEYznPGaXmHWxr0VzMHiuOHVdebVb/T4dL02K3mRgkqSxK6EkylgF5I+ULz2PNZ+m+NotX+IrWNneSJpsWjtdTQXVq1u8cnmgB2WRVdRtzjPBHNHW39bX/QV1a/8AXRfqdeLK1W/a+W2hF28Yia4EY8xkBJCluuASTj3p1zbQXlrLbXkMdxBMhSSKVAyup4IIPBB9KyNL8Y6HrF59lsbqQymMyxia1lhE8Y6vEzqBKvI+ZCRyPUVX0n4g+GdbubODTNRaY3wP2aQ20qRTEDLIsjKFLgA5TO4YORxTs9h+Z0UcaQxLHEipGgCqijAUDoAKdWLD4u0W41g6ZBdPJcCQwl1t5TD5g6x+dt8veP7u7PtWTp3jyxt9Ct7vxJqNmJbq/uLO3NjBOVleN3AjCsu4vhCDxgsPlzkUt9Q2OworCTxroD6HJqwvWFrHN9ndWt5RMJs48rySvmb+R8u3Jz0qXQPFWleJvtf9kPdMbOTypxcWM9vsfrt/eouSO4HTIz1FAXNiiiigAooooA5ux/5Knrv/AGBdN/8AR99XSVzdj/yVPXf+wLpv/o++rpKACiiigAooooAKqvptrJqceoSRB7mKMxxuf4ATzj396tUUAFFFFAFPStLh0iwFpbs7puZy0hBZixJJOAPWqujeHLDQmuzYh/8AS5N7hyCB1+UYHTk1rUUAc0vgXTVYoLnUPsZbcbH7SfI9fu9f1rR1bw/aavb20TyT2ptW3QSWr7Gj4xgHHpWpRQBi6jp9vaLZajIl9ePpaERRRfvHkLAKSQeWPfqO9Q+Gba5a41LVr62e2k1CYGOKQYdY1GF3DsfaugooA5ey0gav4rl168tZIIoAIraKZSrSFc/vSp6dePzrqKKKOlg63CiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAoorn7m88YrdSrZ6FoctuHIikl1qZHZc8FlFqwUkdQCcep60AdBRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHR9u8b/9C94f/wDB9P8A/IdAHSUVzf27xv8A9C94f/8AB9P/APIdH27xv/0L3h//AMH0/wD8h0AdJRXN/bvG/wD0L3h//wAH0/8A8h0fbvG//QveH/8AwfT/APyHQB0lFc39u8b/APQveH//AAfT/wDyHRQB0lFFFAHk7eGvFV94i0mfVdP1G4ubLXPtM98+qr9kNsC+zyrcSYyFZQcxhuDy2aNY8NeJ4dB8V6BpmhtejVtTa+gvftUSRbHdGZCC2/eNp427T/e7V6xRRH3f69P8kKXvb/1v/mzkP7M1Kx+K8msR6dLdWF/pkVm08MkY+zPHI7ZdWYMVIcY2hjx0rnrbwdrkXw3stKexH22LxGt88fmpxCL4y785x9znGc9sZ4r1CiqjJq3l/ncb1v8A10t+R5rd6D4gtdL8V+HrXRftkev3NxNb6kJ4lhiE64ImVmEmVOcbVbIxyO23o3hy80zx8940e+xj0K2sY7ksuXkjkcsMZyOCpzjHNdfRUrS1v6srfqD1v5/q03+KPNI/C9/b6HOt9oN7dXC65eX1q+nX0UNzAHkYxyIWdVIKsQVZuhwVPSq9z4U8Rtqmja3r1tqGsXC6X9ivYtH1Q2U6yCTer5WWFXGDhhuHIyB6ep0Udv66W/Ibd233/wA7/mec2/hm+8M65ouraJ4dkmtYLO6tZ7CK+WWeFpZVlEnmTOA2Sp3fMSN3G7Fbnw+0nUtI0K9j1q1jtbm41S6uhFHKJFCSSllwR7H2PtXVUU7v+vN3/MX9fhY4LT9H1mz8ZM2k6ZdaVps0s8uopLdxzWtyzKdrwruLo5bBb5UXluGPNcXb6D4jttR8K6Jp8q2Gsaf4dlF3GL5IGCNKowXME6uMqfuqCCM7hXuNZ2reHtF19Y113SLDUliOYxeWyTBD6jcDiltb+ujX6/oO+/n/AJo4bwnZrql94P1TRNMe10jSrO+sZA8yv5Th0jGGJy4YxsQwHI5OM0g0DxPp/hyWC0tbrZL4hurq7trG7SG4uLOR3K+XJvUISSjffU4BGQa9IiijghWKCNY40GFRFwFHoAOlPqm7v+u9wTdrf1s1+p5IngnXW8B+IbRNMniubjXYtRtLW51AXEssSGBsGVnbLny2HzN174wa6W8g1m38Z2niu18P3V3HNphsp7BZrdbm2bzN4OWkEZB5Bw/YYzXbUUr7eX+VvyF3Xf8Azv8AmebW3gzV4LfQ3lto2l/4SabV7uKOVSttHIsuBk43EblzjPJOOKm8S+DNV17VfGaQqsEOr6LbWlrcO42tKhmJBAO4D5l5x34zivQ6KL6W/rZL9B3d7/1vf82edaX4VWdZZ77wjqRuY7GW1Yav4gkuklDhQ6RAyygK2PvMEPA49NjwPZa1YtfR38N9a6SoiXT7TUriOe4hwCHBdGbKfdxuZm69OBXW0UXJtpY8tvfA9wPEfiFb/RdU1iy1q58+J7PXJLS3VTGqNHPGJkyMqfmVHJB5HGKu674P1SXxdHDplqDoWrLa/wBqESriE2zbhwTubeoROAeF5xXotFCdreX6Det/M838SeD9Z1S+8VTWlvGftUmm3FmJZFC3Bt23sh5yucYyQBzTNV8O6/4w1rVp7jSG0W2vvDs2mxPczxPIsrPn5xGzADuCCeM5weK9LopdLf1qrfkH/A/B3PPfCnhl4ryzn1Dw7q1rfWFu0Qur/XpLuIMy7T5CGZ+DjqyoQMcdqh0zwnrNt4R8AWUtltuNHvUlvU81D5KiKVSc5w3LL93PWvSKKrmd7+n4AtFZf1dWOK8G2mt+G4m0GfRHlgF9cTDU1uIlhaKSVpAdu4yeZ82CNmOPvVkaP4R1u1/4Rf7RY7fsHiDULy4/eofLhl+0eW3B5z5icDJGeQMGvTKKFJoHrf8Arv8A5njnivRtWs7q7ji2Wd1q/i6C402Q3CxlwtsvzK+yQIcxsPmQ5AIwciuu+Hr/AGe51zS7uBxq1vdLNqFz9qFwtxJIgwd4jjGQqqCoRcccd66zUNNsdXsns9Vsre+tXxuguYlkRseqsCDSadpen6PZraaRY21hbKSVhtYViQE9cKoApJ2Vv62S/QJau/8AW7f6lqiiikAUUUUAc3Y/8lT13/sC6b/6Pvq6Subsf+Sp67/2BdN/9H31dJQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAcZ458e6foOha5BZ6g0erWdlJIrx2zypbyFCYxI+0xoScYVyM8cHNab+LNP0vS9ObVp5nurm1WYxWtpLcSEbRucpErELk/ewAM1yOs6B4jgsfHGk6doY1BfETST2t4LiKONC8CxlJAzBtwKcYUg5GSvNLqfhDUIfE9pq8mm6rqNvJpEFjLBpOrtZTQSRljk4miV0O4j7xII4BzQtvu/J/roOVvz/ADX/AAWbV34pnm8a6ZFo9/BLpd3od1fKdoaOR0eII+4DdgBm4B79M1peF/FNvrOn6ZFc3dtLqd1psd+wtYpUhkRuC8ZkAO3PY/MMjIGa5+38H3Vjr2kvpuli00+10K8tDGLvzvKlkkjZU3OdzE4Y56e/Ss6bwt4n0zwH4Rn0OxRvEGk6f9gnt2mQYSSEK3zbtp2yLG3B5CnGavTl0/rWf/2vy+Qt3/XaP/B+Z2TeOvD4sYLuO7muEuWkEKW1nNNLII22uyxohcqD/FjbyOeRSXfjzw3ZR6e8uomX+00d7JLa3lne4CEBgqxqSSNw+XGevHBxyWpeA5tK1rRrqwsNT1LTrPSF017fStUaynRlbcsmRLEHU85Bbrg4NaWmeEZtO8TeGJ7HSvsdhY21+Jka8Nw0Ukzowy7nczNhiSM4ORnoSrL8/wBfz0+8P6/r0OhPjDQxo+oao16VtdNlMN2WgkDxOMfKUK7s/MMADnIxmr+o6tY6Rpr3+pXC29smMu4PJJwAB1JJIAAGSTivNtd0S5m+M1tpNpsbS9Y8nV9Sj3co9qdqnHo7eSP+2Zrr/HOj3+q6fp0+lQx3Nzpmow3wtXcJ54TOUBPAbDZGeMgZI61P2U+//DN/ff7g2bX9d0vy+8bd+O9KPh3Vr/T3uZLjTYC8lrJYTpOhIOwtCyCQKSPvbcYBOcA074f6hc6r4Ms9Sv8AUL29nuo1lka8sxbeWxUEqi+WmYwc4Y7s/wB41kNomr6zqviDXbjS5NNe80X+zbWynmiaV2Bkbc5RmQcsAPmPfOK6LRoJdI8BWMGoKIpbPTY0nVvmCFIwGHHXGD0pX5Yyb8v1/wCAGrlFLz/T/glW1+IPhy+1i2020ubqa4u2YW7Jp1wYptv3mWXy/LZR3YNgetSw+OfD0+qJYxXzGSSY28UzW0q28so4MaTlfLZsgjaGJyCOxrzHwFFd6baeDptfzeW+oQta6Q0OorKLUyRliRCLeMhdqkZaSQqMD1Nbtl4Y8QS+EdD8G3ej/Zo9Ku7eSXVRPEYJY4JQ4MahjJvbaAQyqASeTxnTls7Pv+uv3Ceza/r/AIc7LUfG/h/Sr6W0vr50eAqLiRLaWSK2JwQJZVUpHkEH52HUUzxB400bRPPtZ74pdrbGf91BJKsK4O15GVSsakjguQDg1y93oPiC10vxX4etdF+2R6/c3E1vqQniWGITrgiZWYSZU5xtVsjHI7Sx6BrvhzVtaj07SP7Xg1awt4Ibnz44xDJFCYiJdxDbTwQUDHk8Vk7uHnb9Nvl3LVlL+u+j+fboaPh7xzaReBvDd54kvZJNR1HTo7mTybV5Xb5FLyMkSnYgJ5YgKM9RXZo6yRq6EMrDII7ivL/+EY1qy8EeG4LXRr5df07SUtYb2wvoUa1l2AMsodgrxZCk48zpwvQ13mm3WsG/NnqenosMVpE51COdSs0xyJEEf3lAwDk9d3tW1SznK3d/qZq6Sv2/yM3/AISie08catpGppDHZ2+mx6hayqCGZAWWUMScHBC9AOGrltH+KOp6l8KtQ16406G31yC5FrDZNG20ySsn2cEbsnKyxk8jv0q78U/Cmt662mXHhiBJLhxLp18xkVClnOAJHBJGSpUHHJ9BUGoeCdVb4q2U1lbR/wDCMym3vLxvMUFbi3R0jG3OTnMZyB/yzqI2e/8AWt/y09Spaar1/C1vv1fkdfqXizSdDlS21W5f7SIhJMttayzCJTxvfYreWmQfmcgcHnir17rGn6foc2s3Vyq6fDAbh7hAXXywN24bckjHPGa4PWfCN2PHer6jNperarY6tFCF/szWnsvIZF2MJUE0YZSMHI3EcjHrveIvD00vwk1Dw9otisczaS9pbWiT7greXtVBI+MjtubHqan7LfUaS5kun/DDl+JHhZ5REmoyNK8YlgiWynL3SH+KFdmZh6mPdjvWhF4t0Oa00q5hv1eHV5vIsnWNj5smGO3p8pARs7sYIweax4tB1BPGfhi/NqBbWGjz21xJvX93I3k7VxnJ+43IyOK5+38I65ZeG9FlGnNNd6T4iutRayjmjDzQvLNjaxYJnbKGwWHocGtGor+vO35akq7V/wCtr/nod1ceK9FtF1I3F8sY0uRIrvMbZR3UMigY+ckMuAuSSQOvFYWvfEzTdGs9JubezvryPUNQWyZRY3CSQH+IsnlFtw4xGQGbPHSsy30DVL2PxfPr3hp5YdVvIJoLKO+jWZkSJBuV1YBZFZcj5lGRw2Oaiu9C8VXnhuwmvLa6vJtN1+K/tbKeeA3X2VeNjuGEbONzEfN0xliahbq/l+l/1/zHK1nbz/J2/E7u913T9O0mLUr+WS3tZWjVWkgkVlMjBVDLt3JywB3AY74pLrxFpNlqFxZXd7HDPa2n22cOCFihyRvZsbRyDwTng1Hrelr4m8I3mm3UUlt9vtWjKOV3xMy8ZKkjKnHQkZHBrhB4M8SeIvAXiD+3YY7LxBqiQRIhmGAkAXaN6E4DOJGyORv9RR38v6/ryBdPM7KHxxoE1rezm7mgSxt2up1ubOaFxCBkyKjoGdePvKCDVGbxtb3zaNNoF3AbS91BbZ5byzuUFwhjd/8AR22AMTtyG5TAPOcVz03hGbUPD+tyW/hrVrTVJ9HuLKF9V11rx2Z1HyRhppFCEgfMSp4HFb2r6DqFzb+DEtrbd/Zd/DLdAOo8pFgdCevPzMBgZqklp8vz/wAg6ff+CVvxMnwz4+h1DxFqs+ranqNtbDU/7NsrObSpIbcEhdhaRoQwkJ3DazgDI+XkE9zb6vY3Wr3emW82+7skje4jCNiMPkr82MEkAnAORxnqK4e98J3U3gvxnbajtsnudSn1CynaRcJtCPHJkHjDJ3weK0fhbFeXPhM+INXhEOo+IJjqEyA52KwCxrn2jVfzNKOsVfol+KX4739BPRvzb/B/la1jtKKKKQwooooA5ux/5Knrv/YF03/0ffV0lc3Y/wDJU9d/7Aum/wDo++rQ1LxPoGj3i2mr63pthcunmLDdXccTsmSNwViDjIIz7GgDUorC/wCE58J/9DRov/gwi/8AiqP+E58J/wDQ0aL/AODCL/4qgDdorHs/F/hrUdQisNP8Q6VdXk2THbwXsbyPgEnChsnABP0BrYoAKKKKACiisTULvxVFfyJpWjaPc2gx5ctzq8sMjcDOUW2cDnI+8cjnjoADborm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5Do+3eN/+he8P/wDg+n/+Q6AOkorm/t3jf/oXvD//AIPp/wD5DooA6SiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigCAWVqt+18ttCLt4xE1wIx5jICSFLdcAknHvU9FFABR1oooAzLDwzoOlX0t7peiadZXc2fNntrSOOR8nJyygE8+tadFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFcDY+NdX1XVPGGmT6Lc2kOklo4LxWiGz9wHG/EpYsScqVXABGcHNJuyb7K40rtHfUV578PfHAufDPhSx1e31NbnUrBBDqF4AUu5Uj3OMli+7AY5ZQGwSCa2ovH2ny3MBFlfDTbm5+yQaqUT7NJNu2BR8/mYLDAYptPY8irlFxlykp3VzqKKydf8Q2/h+G1M1vcXdxezi2tba2C75pCC20F2VRwpOWYDj1rJuPEbjxVoSy3F5p1vdWV3PNYT2ic+Xs5d92UK5OAu4NnOcYzP8AX4XKszrKK47TPiNbapq+nWUOg6xFFqdvJdWl5MsCxSwpgmTHm7wDuXAKhvmHHXBo3xK03Wm0h00zVbS01hjHZ3l1CixySAFjHgOWBwrYJXaccMadmLpc7GiudvfGMGnapBbXulanDaz3S2ceoPEghMzNtVcF/MwTwG2bTkc1laH461G/8S+KLHUdCuYLLRptqXKGHhREHw/74ks2crtXGCN2Dml0v/XT/MOtjt6K5228badd2fhu5jhugniTH2QMi5TMTS/vPm4+VSOM8/nVS2+Ium3CapcNYajBp+lSzQXV/LEgiEkbbSijfvck4xtUjkA4PFNxadmC1VzqLm2gvLWW2vIY7iCZCkkUqBldTwQQeCD6U+ONIYljiRUjQBVRRgKB0AFc0vjuwg+2LrVjf6NJa2b3xjvEQtJbp96RfKd+mRlThhkcVp6Hrba3bNM+l32nYCsq3ix/vFYZDK0bspHtnI7gUB/X9fh+BqVian4otLDWrPSU/fXdzKqsoPESk9T7+grUvkuZLCZLCRIrlkIid1yFbtkV4zpFtfWvxDs4tVDi7F2pkLnJY565759aUdZpA9ItnttFFFAHN2P/ACVPXf8AsC6b/wCj76uI8VaDpev/ALRek22sWUd3CdCJKSZxxJKRXb2P/JU9d/7Aum/+j76uY1L/AJOV0j/sBN/6HLQBvf8ACrfBP/QuWf5N/jR/wq3wT/0Lln+Tf411tFAHhmpeHdI8OftR+B4NDsIrKKWxundYs4ZvJmGea9V8Y+LrLwToH9raja3l3GZo4EgsohJLI7nChVJGefevPfFv/J1fgL/sH3X/AKKnrf8AjL/yKmlf9h2x/wDRwo3aXdpfew6N+T/Ifpnxg0W61KCy1rSPEHhmS6kEVs+uac1vHM5zhVfJAPHciu+rlPijbWV18LfES6mqGFLCWQF/4XVSUYe4YDHvXnXi3xlrMdp4T8PMviRTe6Kt5qDeGbdZr1jtVQFZvuLksSwGc7aL306/8P8A5MLdfX8Lf5nt0r+XC74ztUnHrXK6H46/tjwZomv/ANi3zf2tMsX2eyT7QbfcxXe7YXCDGS2OK5D4X6vrsmpatpN1aeL20SOzE1rd+K7Xy7hZckNH5n8YIII7jBHSsjTdSvdM+BHgGTTrue1eXV7SKRoZCm9GnYMpx1U9weDVJapd3H8W0Lo/K/4K57lRXDWeo3ehfFzVdM1O+ml07VbFdQsRNIWWBovkmRc9Bgq+Bxya4zUvGeu6R8NF19J9SmuvFetbbJbaP7RLa2rk7BDExxuMaZA6bnzU9L/1e9rfff7ira2/ra57ZRXhngrWdesvHemW+nWnxIudOvpHTUP+EsswYoRtJWSOQfcwRjb0IP0rT8HafrnjHxP4knv/ABdrNrZ6N4ilS2tLOfYH2kHbISCWjxgBBgdT3ppXf9d0v1F0v/XX/I9gorzfSfEsvhG/8bad4gvbi5XS92rWclzIXZrWRSdgJ6hXVlA7ZArpfANnqdn4I07+37qa61KdDcXLzSFyryEvsGegXO0DoAKFqr+n4/5dQejt/X9ar7zo6K8ri0/VPib4m8Red4q1vQtL0a/+wWtto04tnd0QF5JHwSwJbgcDAFZt74j8QWPwu+IGm3mrz3Oo+HJGgt9UQiOZ0ZVdCSuMOA2MjFTf3bvtf5af5odve5fO3z/pHs1c9458Vf8ACF+EbjW/sf23yJIk8nzfL3b5FTO7B6bs9O1cdcf2v4I+HOreNbvxHqesalPpiyC2uXX7JDK2NpjiA+UAsM8kkDnmuX+IfgvWNF+Flxql5411nVZbl7Vr61vnWS3djMh/dLgGLDHsSMcY9L5fes+6X4iTur9/8v8AgnvKncoPqM0tePfFDxdfp4ws/CtqvipbT+zvtly3hW2WS7cl9qjcfuIMHJAySQKreF/EHiSLwn4ytpYfFkNhY6Y8+m3/AIltvJu1fy23LvH38EBg3UZ+lQ37rl2v+A4ptqPe34ntVFedfC3RtVutD0fxXrXinVtQub3TUDWUkoFqqkAqQmMlxjlyxJJNL8Y9U1fTNE0H+wNRfT7q61y2t/OXJGG3DDKCNy5wSp4OKuUXGXL1vb8bEx95X8r/AIXPRKK8Z1bRfFPhnx/oWi6X481meHxMs6XcuobJ2gaNQ5aAbQseRkAYIGeh4rb8GjUvC/xQ1Lwhda/qet6e2lx6jby6rMJpoWMhRl34GQeDjtSSv+P4f8MN6K/p+On5npdFfOHizxXcWv2/X/D/AIh+IWrXNoXaO9tbRV0VSrEFGXABQcjdz2OTivQfEmoap4v8VeHvCtlq95oVtfaW2qX1xpzhJ2AKhY0kwdvzMSTjoKSu0rf1pf8AJMHo7P8Arp+p1ieK93xKk8J/YsbNMGofavN65kKbNmPbOc/hXRV5H4a0q68PfHq7tL7WbvWVh8NKYri9CmcR+fwrsMbzkH5sA88+tcMvjLXPFVu+vr/ws+O9d5Wsl0PT0bTUAYhFK5/egYG4k9c0aWXz/Nr9B2d38vyTPpWisfwlqGoar4Q0u+1uzkstQntke5t5EKNHJjkFTyOexrg4tP1T4m+JvEXneKtb0LS9Gv8A7Ba22jTi2d3RAXkkfBLAluBwMAU2mpOPb/hv1EtY8x6pRXh+ueJPENh8LPG+mXWs3M+o+Hr+K3g1SJ/Kmkjdo2XcUxhgGKkjrXZfE/Ub3T9A8OyWF5cWrza5YxSNDKyF0Z/mUkHkHuOhoSva3Vpffb/MOn3/AIHXPrunR+IotCe5A1Ka3a6SDY3MSsFLZxgckDGc1oV4p4k8D/2v+0NFF/wk/iSx+16PJdb7LUPLaHEir5cZ2nbGepX15r2O4tPtGmy2f2ieLzIjF58b4kXIxuDdm759aX2FLrr+bQ3pK39bIr6Rrum66t22lXIuBZ3L2k5CMuyVPvLyBnGeoyK0K8V+DPhEWF5r2rt4i8QTjTtavbc2ct9uguNvHmSJt+eQ5zuyOQKueG9A1z4keH4vF91431/Sp7uSSSys9NuEitrdA5CK8e0+YflGcn1FD2T8k38xdWvNr7j16s8a7pp8RnQRcg6mtt9rNvsbiLdt3bsY68YzmsT4Z+Ib3xP4BsdQ1Yo18rSW88kYAWR45GQuMcDO3P4155feBv7T/aKvYv8AhKPEln5mkLe77TUPLZczkeSDt4i4zt9e9Vb31H1/K4fYb6r/ADselxeLlk+JU/hH7GQ0Omrf/avM4OZCmzbj8c5/Cujrx3W9Fvdd/aIvLGy1u70eNvDkf2ieyCidk85vlRyDsOcHdgnjjFS6P4n1bwZpfxB0+81K611PCyJNZXF+2+Zw8O8JIwxuwe/XrU/Yu+zf3OwauVl5fikeu0V82w+JfFMKW+uaXB8VL7W28uSSC80xf7MnBI3KIl+4pGcMMkde9fSEbF41ZlKlgCVPb2quWyuK6uc14s8f6P4Nv9LtNWW5Z9Sl2K0EYdYF3KvmSHI2pudRnnk109eB+IPH3w/1TxR40tvFmt/ZZHg/sa0QW00mxEyzSAohAJlPr/yzFdBL43utd/Ziu/ENhevDqMenNHJPbuUZJkO1mB6jOM+vNTdcnN8/v/rX1Kt76j8v6/roeuUV4z4ksfEfhfwfB8QB401i9vrdLea40+V0WylidlDIsIHBw3DEluOtaXiKXWtb+NVp4f0/xDfaPp9zoBuJvsuN/wDrsfJuyqOeBv2kgAgYzmnyu9vVfcrkrWPN0/4KX6np15cfZLGe527/ACY2k25xnAzjNc7pXjX+0fB+g67/AGPfP/bJhX7PZJ9oNt5n8Tt8uEXu2PwrlNBfUvDfifxJ4Lvdbv8AXLKPRxqFnc6jJ5s8e4sjo0mPmGQCM1kx6le6Z8Dfh1Jp13PavLfadFI0MhTejNhlOOqnuDwacVd+rj+Laf5Dfbyf5Jr8z2mivL7221T4h/EPX9F/4STVtB0rQBBGqaPOIJriWRC5dnwTtAwAOh60/wAaF/DnhHS9H1Xxh4iluppJUQ6PbK+o6gACQikKdpVSAWAGTg5FR0uO2tj02ivIPhH4j1GbxNrnh+4fxM9la2kV1bDxVGFvYyxYMCf4kPGCfQisLwxpnifxR8J5fFV549121urFbqSzhtZgsf7p3P77OTNkr0JAAwMU3ZK/TcIpy0Xe36ntmq67puiNZLqlyIDf3KWlsNjN5krZ2rwDjoeTxWhXg3jmzuPGnhz4aa7e6xqljcand2cMsdhc+VGjSIzGZFwcSA8Buw4r2nQdI/sLRLfTf7QvtS8gEfatRm86eTJJ+Z8DPXHToBVOLSd902vyJvqrdVf8zQoooqRhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFcdB4Y1W08ReKJIRZSafryiQStO6ywSCERbdmwhlO0HduBHoa7Gik1dNd9BptHDWHgnUbXSfAdrJNal/DmPtZV2w+LZ4v3fy8/MwPOOPyrP8M/DNfD91Dbt4e8LXUVtcmaHWJbbN6V37gCnl/fGcCTzOwO3tXpNFW5Ny5mTbSxieK9Ln1fSltoNN0zU1Egd7XUnaNGx0ZZFVyjA8g7T+HWuUbwlrOk2el6heXp1B9H0vUI5dheWZjLtaNI9wJk2hduWOTgetejUVDV013/AMrFJ2aZ4j8NRBpl9oNrpt7pevz3Nmba5Fq9w82kJ5ZYh/MnkWMF1ClQseTjjjA7LT/A+pWnhjwVp0k9qZtAu0numV22uojkUhPlyTlx1A713lFaOV3f+t7kq6Vv62seWXXw11e612O6mt9DuZYdbTUV1i4d2vTAJd/kAGM7Aoyow5BAHAySOlsvDOo2finxJIRaSaVr22RpfOZZ4XEIiK+XsKsDtzneMelddRUfZ5en/Df5Iq75ub+v61Z5xpPgrxPbS+DrW9l0ldP8MSMpaGWRpbpPIeJHwUAQ/MMplh1O7jBuSfD+4vvAGv8Ah2+uYEfU7+5u4pEUyIoebzUDKQM9BkfXmu7opyk5av8ArqC0tb+rX/zOJ0HwjNpsV1LF4X8IaNdPbNADp9uXE5OPvt5cZCHHKYbsc8YNvwV4bv8AQJtQe6jtbC0uPLFvpVjcyTwWu0EMyM6pt3ZHyqoA29ySa6uii5NgrO1DQ7PUb60vJk23NpIHjlXrgH7p9RWjRSGFFFFAHN2P/JU9d/7Aum/+j76uP1/UrHTf2kNJl1G8t7SP+wj888qoOZJcck13Npp91F4+1XUnixaXGmWUEUm4fM8ct0zjGcjAlTkjB3cdDjN8V/C3wd431WPUvE+j/bruKEQJJ9qmjwgZmAwjgdWbnGeaANX/AITDw1/0MOlf+Bsf/wAVR/wmHhr/AKGHSv8AwNj/APiq47/hnz4Y/wDQs/8Ak/c//HKP+GfPhj/0LP8A5P3P/wAcoA57XtU0/VP2p/AsmmX1teIlhdKzW8yyBT5U/BIJr0Tx94Rm8aeG10211Q6VcRXUV1DdfZxNseNtw+QkA/nWf4e+DvgTwrr1vrOg6F9l1C23eVN9snfbuUoflZyD8rEcjvXbUAedR/DLW9XeOP4geObzxHYxSrKLCKxisoZSOQJQmS4zg4yBxW14u8EP4hu7HVNG1i40HW9PV0tr63jWQbG6o8bcOuQDjjkV1dFAHM+GfDWt6XFcv4k8WXXiC6uI/L3PbR28UQ55WJOM8jJJPTtWQnwxC+A/DvhptWJGi30N39oFtjzvLkL7du75c5xnJx6V3tFO+t/T8Ng/r7zj/iJ4AXx5p9pFFqcmk3VrI2LqKLexidCksWMjhlPXtgVe8QeCtN1/wrBoZaWyjszE9lPattktXj+4yE9xjH0zXRUUulg63OM8O+EfFOn6rFd+JfH15rkMBPlWqWENpGcqR+82ZL4znqORWh4S8Ir4VuNdlS8a6/tjU5NQIMezyt4A2dTnGOvH0ro6Kd/8v1/QP6/r7zyr4k6BbeJfij4R02GSQXEiyyaikZwslijK+1/YyKoH1Neq9OlFFJaR5fUHq7nBax8O9W/4SG91jwV4wufDU2pMr30P2KK7hmZRjeFfG1iMZI64qeX4aWh+HeseGYtSuGuNY3vd6ncqJJZZWxl2A2g9AABgADFdtRR0sO+tzIvfDllqfg+Tw7qO6azltBayEfKSu3bkeh71wV58H9a1bw++i658QdRv7GEp9hhNnHGIgjAr5pUhpiAMckDPOK9Uop3fNzEpWVjkPFngabXNStNZ0HXbjw/rtpCbdL6GFJlkiJBKSRtw4yMjkYNFj4M1Y+GtX0/xH4su9autUtWtmuJLaOGOEFWXKRJgD73PJJwOa6+ipsmmujKTaaa6GX4Y0QeG/CumaKs5uBYWsdv5xTb5m1QM4ycZx0yaz/GnhAeMLXS4jem0OnanBqAbyt/meWSdmMjGc9e3oa6Siqcm5cz3vf57iWisvQ53WvCn9seMvDuvfbfJ/sRpz5HlbvO81Nn3sjbjr0Ofak/4RIH4jTeKmvMiXSxpxtPK9JC+/fn3xjH410dFL/g/j/w4b/12d/zPJ5fgvqh0C98N2vjy+g8NSpIttposo90JYk4aYEO6Ak/LxnoTXReIvh7PqkejXeia/PomuaPB9ng1GK3WVXjIAZXiY4YHGQCeDXbUUB1ucT4b+Hk+ieMZPEmo+IrvWb64sPslw11EqhjvDbkC4VFGMbAO+c5rPT4Za7pN1JB4Q8eXuiaHLK0raaLCG48ouxLCKR+UGScDBxXo1FH9fqH9foV7C1Njp1vatcTXJhjWMzTtukkwMbmPcnqa4rWPh3q3/CQ3useCvGFz4am1Jle+h+xRXcMzKMbwr42sRjJHXFd7RRu7hsrHHw/DbSl8D6p4burm6u/7XLyX19KwM80rY/eZxgEYGBjAwKwW+FGuX9tp8XiHx7faqNMvYLm1RrKOKNViYHa4UgyMQMb2JxnOM16dRTTad/T8Ng6W/rXc43xd4Gvtd8Qafr3h7xHN4f1Szhe2edLRLgSwsQShV+Acjg849K7CNSkSqzlyqgFm6t706ilsrA9Xc4rRfAV9oHjO+1LTfEs8eiX1xJdz6KbSMq07jDN5p+YL32gde9Zg+F2tabNNaeFfHd/ougzyPI+mLZQzNHvJLCKVuYxk8DBxXpFFHZfIO5n6Dodl4b0G00jSozHa2keyMMcse5JPckkkn1Nc34o8B32r+LLTxF4e8STeH9Qjt/sly8dpHOLiDdu24fhWz0bnHpXaUU7vm5uobKxzUPhARfEubxd9uLGXTF082pi6Yk379+fwxj8agtvAdquueLLzUJxeWviVYkmtTFt8tUj8sjdk7s5z0GK6yil0t/Wrv+Ydb/1oed6b8OfFGnSQ2S/EnVG0K3CpFZCyhE4QYwpucbiMDHABx9K7+6jlls5o7aUQzPGyxyld2xiOGxkZwecZFS0UPVWYLR3RieD/AA1F4R8KWWixTtcm3UmW4dcNNIxLO5GTyWJPU1wfxA8Jnw/8O/iJeW135lrrCfbBaCHHkSbQJDuz827APQY969XooleV/McXy2PLdO+GGp6tpulQa74z1G/8ORxQTjRpreMMzKAwV5x87oD/AAkZ4HPFUvFeiX+s/tCWcWk6vd6LdR+HHeG8t0VwrCfGGRhtdeeVPt0r1+iqbvK/r+KaJjpG3ovudzjfDXgCXRxqt7rOu3Gua5q0IguNRmhWMKgBCokSnCqMk4B5NQyfDcSeBfDXhttUONCubW4+0C3/ANf5Jzjbu+XPrk4967iild3v6fhsP/g/icN4j+H2p3niabxB4O8VXHhnUbuJIr0rZx3UVwqZ2kxvgBhnG7PSotX+G1/qFjo89p4uv7fxDpDytBrE0Ec5bzfvq0RwpGOAOMYFd9RS2Vh31ucT4U+H95oHii/17VfElzrd7qFnHbTvPAsfzKxO5Qpwq84CAcdcnNT+GvAQ8O/Defwmuom4EqXKC6MG3b5rMfu7jnG715x2rr6KHqrME2ndev6HDX/w1+2fDrRPDkOsSWt9ofkSWWpxwAlJohgP5ZJBB5+XP411OhWN/p2i29rrGqvq96gPnXrwLCZSSTnYvCjsB7VoUU3JttvrqTbbyCiiikMKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA//9k=)

Figure 1: Extract of OCBC’s letter of credit application form.

As evident from the application form, if OCBC’s customer requires the seller
to present bills of lading to obtain payment under the letter of credit, these
bills of lading are to be “made out to order of [OCBC]” [emphasis added].
However, when HLT submitted its completed letter of credit application form,
none of the boxes in Figure 1 were selected. Instead, HLT specified in
additional instructions to OCBC that the seller (ie, Winson Oil) was to
present bills of lading issued or indorsed to the order of HLT. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ibid at pp119-124.

12 At 6.18pm on 6 March 2020, OCBC issued an irrevocable letter of credit in
favour of Winson Oil for the sum of US$16,500,000 (“Letter of Credit”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ibid at pp130-136.

Payment for the Cargo under the Letter of Credit was to be made against the
presentation of, inter alia, Bills of Lading issued or indorsed to the order
of HLT. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ibid at p131.

It was also provided that if the Bills of Lading were not available, a letter
of indemnity issued by Winson Oil to HLT on the terms set out in the Letter of
Credit could be presented for payment instead. The salient terms of the Letter
of Credit read as follows: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ibid at pp131 and 134.

46A: Documents Required

AGAINST PRESENTATION OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS IN 1 ORIGINAL PLUS 2 COPIES
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED:-

…

2\. 3/3 SET CLEAN ON BOARD ORIGINAL BILL OF LADING ISSUED OR ENDORSED TO THE
ORDER OF ‘[HLT]’ MARKED ‘FREIGHT PAYABLE AS PER CHARTER PARTY’.

…

IN THE EVENT THAT DOCUMENTS STATED ABOVE ARE NOT AVAILABLE UPON PRESENTATION /
NEGOTIATION, PAYMENT WILL BE EFFECTED AGAINST:

A. BENEFICIARY’S COMMERCIAL INVOICE INDICATING NOR DATE AT DISCHARGE PORT

B. BENEFICIARY’S LETTER OF INDEMNITY DULY SIGNED BY AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY(S)

C. COPY OF NOTICE OF READINESS (NOR) TENDERED AT DISCHARGE PORT VIA MT ‘STI
ORCHARD’/SUB NOT LATER THAN 07 MARCH 2020.

…

BENEFICIARY’S LETTER OF INDEMNITY FORMAT AS PROVIDED:

…

[emphasis added]

13 On 12 March 2020, the Singapore branch of ING Bank N.V. (“ING Bank”), who
was Winson Oil’s advising bank in the transaction, presented the following
documents to OCBC for payment under the Letter of Credit: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Ibid at pp145-149.

(a) Winson Oil’s provisional invoice for the sum of US$13,608,000;

(b) a notice of readiness to discharge dated 5 March 2020 tendered by the
Vessel at Singapore; and

(c) a letter of indemnity dated 10 March 2020 (“Payment LOI”) in lieu of the
original Bills of Lading. The relevant portion of the Payment LOI reads as
follows: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ibid at p148.

TO: [HLT]

FROM: [WINSON OIL]

LETTER OF INDEMNITY

WE REFER TO [THE SALE CONTRACT] IN RESPECT OF YOUR PURCHASE FROM US OF [THE
CARGO] SHIPPED ON BOARD [THE VESSEL] LOADED AT MAILIAO, TAIWAN (LOADING PORT)
PURSUANT TO THE [BILL OF LADING].

IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR MAKING PAYMENT OF [US$13,608,000] FOR … THE CARGO IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE [SALE CONTRACT] AND HAVING AGREED TO ACCEPT DELIVERY OF
THE CARGO WITHOUT HAVING BEEN PROVIDED WITH 3/3 ORIGINAL BILLS OF LADING AND
OTHER SHIPPING DOCUMENTS REQUIRED TO BE PRESENTED BY US IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
[SALE CONTRACT] (‘THE DOCUMENTS’), WE HERELY REPRESENT AND WARRANT AS FOLLOWS:

…

… WE HEREBY AGREE TO PROTECT, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD YOU HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST
ANY AND ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, COSTS, CLAIMS AND REASONABLE
EXPENSES WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER BY REASON OF:

(A) OUR FAILURE TO PRESENT THE DOCUMENTS TO YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE [SALE
CONTRACT], AND/OR

(B) ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT OR THREATENED AGAINST YOU BY REASON OF
OUR SAID FAILURE …

OUR LIABILITY HEREUNDER SHALL REMAIN IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT UNLESS AND UNTIL
WE PROVIDE YOU WITH THE DOCUMENTS, WHICH WE IRREVOCABLY AGREE TO PROVIDE TO
YOU AS SOON AS THE SAME HAVE COME INTO OUR POSSESSION. …

14 Later that same day (ie, 12 March 2020), OCBC issued an import bill
notification to HLT to inform the latter of the receipt of the documents
presented under the Letter of Credit. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ibid at pp155-156.

In the same notification, OCBC sought HLT’s confirmation that it would accept
the documents presented by completing and signing an instruction form attached
thereto. HLT completed and signed the instruction form, and requested OCBC to
grant it a trust receipt loan from 3 to 28 April 2020 for the sum of
US$13,608,000 that was due under the Letter of Credit. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ibid at p158.

Trust receipt financing from OCBC is governed by an additional set of terms,
which are set out in the Master Trust Receipt Agreement dated 19 June 2001
(“Master Trust Receipt Agreement”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Tung’s 2nd Affidavit at pp216-218.

The salient terms of the Master Trust Receipt Agreement read as follows: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ibid at p216.

In consideration of [OCBC] handing over to [HLT] … shipping documents and
documents of title for or relating to goods which are now or hereafter from
time to time and at any time pledged to [OCBC] as security for payment or
discharge to [OCBC] of [HLT’s] liability to [OCBC] (hereinafter called the
‘Documents’) … :-

1\. [HLT] hereby undertake to hold any and all Documents so handed over to
[HLT] now and hereafter from time to time (together with the goods to which
they relate (‘the Goods’) and the proceeds of sale) on trust for [OCBC] as
trustee(s) for [OCBC].

2\. [HLT] will hold the Documents and will deal with them only for the
following purpose and on the following terms that is to say in order to obtain
delivery of and to warehouse the Goods. …

3\. [HLT] hereby undertake to … deliver to buyers to whom [HLT is] not
indebted or under any liability the Goods and receive the proceeds of sale as
trustee(s) for [OCBC] and as agents on [OCBC’s] behalf and not otherwise and
on sale of all or any of the Goods to remit to [OCBC] the entire proceeds of
sale or any part payment immediately when received without any set off or
deduction whatsoever …

15 On 3 April 2020, OCBC acceded to HLT’s request, and assigned an internal
reference number ‘TR5CF02003549’ for the trust receipt loan to HLT (“Trust
Receipt Loan”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at p160.

On the same day, OCBC paid the sum of US$13,608,000 to ING Bank under the
Letter of Credit. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ibid at p162.

Delivery of the Cargo

16 The Cargo was delivered to HLT between 5 and 6 March 2020 at Tanjung
Pelapas, Malaysia, via ship-to-ship discharge to the vessel “Chang Bai San”
upon the invocation of cl 28 of the voyage charterparty between Scorpio and
Winson Oil (“Voyage Charterparty”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lee’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 21-24,

Clause 28 read as follows: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ibid at p259.

28\. BILL OF LADING

DISCHARGEPORTSHOWN [sic] IN BILL OF LADING NOT TO CONSTITUTE A DECLARATION OF
DISCHARGEPORTAND [sic] CHARTERERS TO HAVE RIGHT TO ORDER VESSEL TO ANY PORT
WITHIN TERMS OF THE CHARTER PARTY. CHARTERERS HEREBY INDEMNIFY OWNERS AGAINST
CLAIMS BROUGHT BY HOLDERS OF BILLS OF LADING AGAINST OWNERS BY REASON OF
CHANGE OF DESTINATION.

SHOULD BILLS OF LADING NOT ARRIVE AT DISCHARGEPORTIN [sic] TIME, THEN OWNERS
AGREE TO RELEASE THE ENTIRE CARGO WITHOUT PRESENTATION OF THE ORIGINAL BILLS
OF LADING AGAINST DELIVERY BY CHARTERERS OF MUTUALLY ACCEPTABLE LETTER OF
INDEMNITY IN ACCORDANCE WITH OWNERS P AND I CLUB WORDING, NO BANK GUARANTEE,
WHICH LETTER OF INDEMNITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO DEAL EXCLUSIVELY WITH ALL CLAIMS
OF HOLDERS OF ORIGINAL BILL(S) OF LADING IN RELATION TO DISCHARGE OF CARGO
WITHOUT PRESENTATION OF ORIGINAL BILLS OF LADING …

17 In essence, this clause allowed Winson Oil to order the Vessel to a port
other than that specified in the Bills of Lading and to deliver the Cargo
without production of the Bills of Lading, provided Winson Oil furnished
Scorpio with an acceptable letter of indemnity on the latter’s P&I Club’s
terms.

18 Pursuant to cl 28 of the Voyage Charterparty, Winson Oil instructed the
Vessel to discharge and deliver the Cargo to HLT at Tanjung Pelapas, Malaysia
(instead of Singapore, the discharge port specified in the Bills of Lading)
without presentation of the original Bills of Lading. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ibid at pp303-305.

These instructions were accompanied by a letter of indemnity issued by Winson
Oil (“Letter of Indemnity”), and conveyed up the charterparty chain from
Scorpio to the Owner. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ibid at pp307-308.

Under the Letter of Indemnity, Winson Oil would be liable for the consequences
of its request to discharge the Cargo without presentation of the Bills of
Lading at Tanjung Pelapas, Malaysia. The relevant parts of the Letter of
Indemnity read as follows: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ibid at pp303-305.

TO : [SCORPIO]

…

FOR DELIVERY AT THE PORT OF SINGAPORE BUT WE, [WINSON OIL], HEREBY REQUEST YOU
TO ORDER THE VESSEL TO PROCEED TO AND DELIVER THE SAID CARGO AT TANJUNG
PELAPAS, MALAYSIA VIA STS DISCHARGE TO CHANG BAI SAN TO [HLT] … WITHOUT
PRODUCTION OF THE ORIGINAL BILL OF LADING.

IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR COMPLYING WITH OUR ABOVE REQUEST, WE HEREBY AGREE AS
FOLLOWS :-

1\. TO INDEMNIFY YOU, YOUR SERVANTS AND AGENTS AND TO HOLD ALL OF YOU HARMLESS
IN RESPECT OF ANY LIABILITY, LOSS, DAMAGE OR EXPENSE OF WHATSOEVER NATURE
WHICH YOU MAY SUSTAIN BY REASON OF THE SHIP PROCEEDING AND GIVING DELIVERY OF
THE CARGO IN ACCORDANCE WITH OUR REQUEST.

…

3\. IF, IN CONNECTION WITH THE DELIVERY OF THE CARGO AS AFORESAID, THE SHIP …
SHOULD BE ARRESTED OR DETAINED OR SHOULD THE ARREST OR DETENTION THEREOF BE
THREATENED, OR SHOULD THERE BE ANY INTERFERENCE IN THE USE OR TRADING OF THE
VESSEL (WHETHER BY VIRTUE OF A CAVEAT BEING ENTERED ON THE SHIP’S REGISTRY OR
OTHERWISE HOWSOEVER), TO PROVIDE ON DEMAND SUCH BAIL OR OTHER SECURITY AS MAY
BE REQUIRED TO PREVENT SUCH ARREST OR DETENTION OR TO SECURE THE RELEASE OF
SUCH SHIP OR PROPERTY OR TO REMOVE SUCH INTERFERENCE AND TO INDEMNIFY YOU IN
RESPECT OF ANY LIABILITY, LOSS, DAMAGE OR EXPENSE CAUSED BY SUCH ARREST OR
DETENTION OR THREATENED ARREST OR DETENTION OR SUCH INTERFERENCE, WHETHER OR
NOT SUCH ARREST OR DETENTION OR THREATENDED ARREST OR DETENTION OR SUCH
INTERFERENCE MAY BE JUSTIFIED.

…

FOR AND BEHALF OF

[WINSON OIL]

[emphasis added]

Delivery and Indorsement of Bills of Lading to OCBC

19 On 10 April 2020, HLT appointed financial and legal advisors to advise and
assist it in a debt restructuring exercise. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Tung’s 2nd Affidavit at p175.

Shortly thereafter, on 14 April 2020, HLT informed its bank lenders of its
precarious financial position, with total liabilities in the region of
US$4.05bn and assets of only around US$714m. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ibid at p176.

On the same day (ie, 14 April 2020), OCBC wrote to HLT alleging various events
of default under the Facilities Letter, and demanding immediate payment of the
Trust Receipt Loan granted in respect of the Letter of Credit: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at pp165-166

We, [OCBC] refer to the credit facilities (the ‘Facilities’) extended by us
pursuant to [the Facilities Letter], [Master Trust Receipt Agreement] and
Bank’s Standard Terms & Conditions.

…

As you know, various events of default have arisen under or in connection with
the [Facilities Letter]. In any case, the Facilities are uncommitted and
repayable on demand and we hereby declare that all sums owing under the
Facilities including the contingent liabilities listed in the Appendix hereto
… and the TR Outstanding Sums are immediately due and payable. Accordingly, we
hereby demand the full payment of all sums owing immediately… [OCBC] reserves
our right to protect our security interests over all assets financed by it and
dispose of them as deem fit to secure our exposure. Under our terms of
financing, you shall not dispose the goods without our consent. The Facilities
are herewith cancelled.

…

APPENDIX

…

TR Outstanding

S/No| LC Reference| Amount| Interest  
---|---|---|---  
1| TR5CF02003549| 13,608,000.00| 7,817.04  
..| …| …| …  
  
[emphasis added]

20 On 27 April 2020, HLT was placed under interim judicial management by the
General Division of the High Court. Thereafter, on 11 May 2020, OCBC issued a
demand to Winson Oil via SWIFT message to deliver the original Bills of Lading
to OCBC. In issuing this demand, OCBC acted as the agent of HLT pursuant to
the terms of the LC T&Cs (see [10] above). The SWIFT message read as follows:
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Ibid at pp168-169

4\. PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT HLT HAS, BY WAY OF CONTRACT, IRREVOCABLY APPOINTED
[OCBC] TO BE ITS AGENT AND TO ACT IN ITS NAME TO DO ALL SUCH ACTS INCLUDING TO
PROCURE AND DELIVER ALL DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THIS [LETTER OF CREDIT] AS
[OCBC] DEEMS DESIRABLE TO PERFECT ITS SECURITY IN RELATION TO HLT’S
LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE [LETTER OF CREDIT]. THIS
WOULD INCLUDE ACTING IN HLT’S NAME TO REQUEST THAT YOU DELIVER THE FULL SET OF
3/3 ORIGINAL BILL OF LADING TO [OCBC].

[emphasis added]

21 Winson Oil complied with OCBC’s demand, and on 22 June 2020, delivered the
original Bills of Lading to OCBC in full cancellation of the Payment LOI. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Ibid at p171.

The Bills of Lading received by OCBC were, as provided for under the Letter of
Credit (see [12] above), indorsed to the order of HLT.

22 On 15 December 2020, OCBC applied in HC/SUM 5587/2020 (“SUM 5587”) for an
order that HLT indorse the Bills of Lading in favour of OCBC. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Ibid at para 35.

OCBC and HLT’s judicial managers reached an agreement on the terms of the
draft order to be made in SUM 5587, and on 15 February 2021, Kannan Ramesh J
ordered HLT to indorse the Bills of Lading in favour of OCBC without prejudice
to “the rights acquired by any person to the Bills of Lading, the goods in
relation to the Bills of Lading and/or sale proceeds thereof prior to the
making of this Order”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ibid at para 35 and pp181-183.

On 17 February 2021, HLT by its judicial managers indorsed the Bills of Lading
in favour of OCBC. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ibid at para 36 and pp185-190.

Action against Owner

23 On the morning of 18 February 2021, OCBC commenced the present action
against the Owner for loss and damage suffered by the misdelivery of the
Cargo. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Admiralty in rem writ for HC/ADM 16/2021.

Later on the same day (at 9.22pm), OCBC emailed the Owner to demand delivery
of the Cargo, and to seek information on its whereabouts. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at pp213-221.

There was no response, and on 1 March 2021, OCBC emailed the Owner to put it
on notice that OCBC was holding it fully liable for the misdelivery of the
Cargo. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ibid at pp223-226.

24 On 4 March 2021, the Vessel called at Singapore, and OCBC effected service
of the in rem writ issued in this action pursuant to O 70 r 10A of the revoked
Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) as in force immediately before 1 April 2022
(“Rules of Court”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ibid at para 39.

25 The service of the writ precipitated a series of proceedings in England and
in Singapore between the parties in the charterparty chain on the furnishing
of security to prevent the Vessel’s arrest.

(a) On 8 April 2021, the Owner obtained an ex parte interim mandatory
injunction in the English High Court to compel Winson Oil to put up security
for OCBC’s claim against the Owner. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1st Affidavit of Tung Ching Ching dated 10 June 2021 (“Tung’s 1st Affidavit”)
at para 9.

(b) On or about 22 April 2021, the Owner provided security for OCBC’s claim by
way of a letter of undertaking from Steamship Mutual Underwriting Association
(Europe) Limited (“LOU”). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Ibid at para 12.

(c) On 6 May 2021, Scorpio obtained a mandatory injunction in the English High
Court compelling Winson Oil to provide replacement security to OCBC on terms
which provide for the release and cancellation of the LOU. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ibid at para 13 and pp49-51.

(d) On 7 June 2021, and pursuant to an application by Scorpio, Chua Lee Ming J
similarly ordered Winson Oil to provide replacement security for OCBC’s claim
against the Owner. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ibid at para 14 and pp52-53.

26 OCBC has not received any replacement security to date, and is still
holding on to the LOU furnished by the Owner. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 39.

The Parties’ Positions

27 OCBC filed the present application for summary judgment pursuant to O 14 r
1 of the Rules of Court. For the purposes of the application, OCBC relies only
on the cause of action for breach of the contract of carriage. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ibid at para 7.

OCBC seeks final judgment for the sum of US$13,608,000, which is the invoice
value of the Cargo under the Sale Contract. In the alternative, OCBC seeks
interlocutory judgment, with damages to be assessed.

28 OCBC pitches its case as a straightforward one in misdelivery. OCBC submits
that it acquired rights of suit as the lawful holder of the Bills of Lading,
and is entitled to call for delivery of the Cargo. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Ibid at paras 5 and 45-61.

Since there is no dispute that the Owner delivered the Cargo to HLT without
production of the Bills of Lading, OCBC argues that it has a prima facie claim
against the Owner for breach of contract, to which there are no real or bona
fide defences. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ibid at paras 5-6, 62-63, and 94-149.

29 On the other hand, the Owner and Winson Oil submit that the Owner should be
granted unconditional leave to defend, on three main grounds that demonstrate
a fair probability of bona fide defences against OCBC’s claim.

(a) First, OCBC did not become the holder of the Bills of Lading in good
faith. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) (“DD”) at para 7(c). Defendant’s Written
Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 43-48. Intervener’s Defence (Amendment No 1)
(“ID”) at para 14(c). Intervener’s Written Submissions (“IWS”) at paras 54-64.

(b) Second, the Bills of Lading were spent by the time they were indorsed to
OCBC. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DD at para 7(f). DWS at paras 49-67. ID at para 14(f). IWS at paras 66-96.

(c) Third, OCBC consented, authorised, or acquiesced to the delivery of the
Cargo without presentation of the Bills of Lading. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DD at para 8. DWS at paras 68-77. ID at para 15. IWS at paras 97-124.

30 The parties also submitted on the law governing the Bills of Lading. The
contest between OCBC, on the one hand, and the Owner and Winson Oil, on the
other, was whether Singapore law or English law applied. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DD at paras 5(b)-(d). ID at paras11(b)-(d). Reply to Defendant’s Defence
(Amendment No. 1) at para 3(3). Reply to Intervener’s Defence (Amendment No.
1) at para 6(3).

This in turn determined the applicable legislation governing the rights under
the Bills of Lading – either Singapore’s Bills of Lading Act 1992 (2020 Rev
Ed) (“Bills of Lading Act”) or the UK’s Carriage of Goods by Sea Act 1992 (c
50) (“COGSA 1992”). The Owner and Winson Oil also adduced English law opinions
from Sir Richard John Pearson Aikens (“Sir Aikens”) and Mr Charles Debattista
(“Mr Debattista”) respectively. In response, OCBC argues that expert evidence
on English law is unnecessary in this case, even if English law applied. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS at paras 76-83.

31 For completeness, I should add that the Owner and Winson Oil had raised
defences relating to the quantum of OCBC’s claim. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DWS at paras 99-103. IWS at paras 131-139.

These defences will not be considered in this judgment, which will focus
instead on the issues impacting liability.

Law on Summary Judgment

32 The principles relating to summary judgment are well settled. It suffices
for me at this juncture to highlight a few general points.

33 To obtain summary judgment, the plaintiff must first show that he has a
prima facie case for summary judgment. If the plaintiff meets this threshold,
the defendant then bears the tactical burden to show that there is an issue or
question in dispute which ought to be tried, or that there ought for some
other reason to be a trial: see The “Yue You 902” and another matter [2020] 3
SLR 573 (“The ‘Yue You 902’”) at [19]. In admiralty in rem proceedings, this
tactical burden may also be discharged by an intervener, who is permitted to
set up any and such defences that the defendant shipowner could have set up
had it elected to defend the action itself: see The “Soeraya Emas” [1991] 2
SLR(R) 479 at [32]–[42].

34 Aside from granting summary judgment, the Court may grant a defendant leave
to defend the claim, or part of the claim, either unconditionally or on such
terms such as to the giving of security: see O 14 rr 3–4 of the Rules of
Court.

35 The process of determining whether to grant summary judgment, unconditional
leave, or conditional leave to defend is a single composite exercise,
depending on the overall picture which emerges to the court: see Akfel
Commodities Turkey Holding Anonim Sirketi v Townsend, Adam [2019] 2 SLR 412
(“Akfel”) at [41].

(a) Where the court forms the view that there is no issue or question in
dispute which ought to be tried or there is no other reason for a trial of
that claim, judgment should be entered: see Akfel at [42].

(b) Conversely, if the court is satisfied that the plaintiff has shown a prima
facie case for judgment but is also satisfied that the defendant has
demonstrated a fair probability of a bona fide defence, unconditional leave
should be granted: see Akfel at [41].

(c) However, if what the defendant has shown does not amount to a fair
probability of a bona fide defence, but only that the defence raised is not
hopeless, the court should impose a condition on the grant of leave to defend,
as some demonstration of commitment on the defendant’s part to the claimed
defence is warranted: see Akfel at [41] and [46]. This is subject to the
qualification that it is not appropriate for the court to order further
security as a condition, where the plaintiff is already fully secured for the
whole of its claim together with interest and costs: see The “Jarguh Sawit”
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 829 at [53]–[54]. Such an issue may arise in admiralty in rem
proceedings (such as the present case), where security is provided for the
plaintiff’s claim (see [25]–[26] above).

Issues

36 With the above principles in mind, the overarching issue of whether summary
judgment should be granted may be approached in three parts. I deal first with
the law governing the Bills of Lading, and the necessity of expert evidence to
determine the issues in this application. I will next consider whether OCBC
has established a prima facie case for summary judgment. Finally, I will
consider the defences raised, and decide, based on the overall picture which
emerges, whether I should grant summary judgment, unconditional leave, or
conditional leave to defend.

Part 1: Law Governing the Bills of Lading

Incorporation of Choice of Law Clause?

37 There is no explicit reference in the Bills of Lading to the governing law.
However, the front of the Bills of Lading contains general words of
incorporation, which read as follows: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at p185.

…

FREIGHT PAYABLE AS PER CHARTER PARTY

…

This shipment is carried under and pursuant to the terms of the Charter dated
________________________________________-----_

Month Day Year at __________ between __________ and __________ as Charterer,
and all the terms whatsoever of the said Charter except the rate and payment
of freight specified therein apply to and govern the rights of the parties
concerned in this shipment. Copy of the Charter may be obtained from the
Shipper or Charterer.

…

[emphasis added]

38 Where an incorporation clause refers to, but does not identify a
charterparty, the court will assume that the reference is to any charter under
which the goods are carried: see The SLS Everest [1981] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 389 at
391–392; The “Epic” [2000] 2 SLR(R) 240 at [30]–[33]. Thus, the words of
incorporation in the Bills of the Lading should be construed to refer to the
Voyage Charterparty, which is the relevant charter under which the Cargo was
carried from Mailiao, Taiwan to Tanjung Pelapas, Malaysia.

39 The general words of incorporation in the Bills of Lading, with the
reference to “all the terms whatsoever of the said Charter except the rate and
payment of freight specified therein”, are wide enough to incorporate cl 9 of
the Voyage Charterparty, which provides for “ENGLISH LAW TO APPLY”: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Lee’s 2nd Affidavit at p255.

see The “Dolphina” [2012] 1 SLR 992 at [128]–[132].

40 Thus, based on the materials before me, cl 9 of the Voyage Charterparty was
incorporated into the Bills of Lading. This amounted to an express choice of
English law as the governing law. OCBC’s claim for breach of the contract of
carriage is therefore governed by English law and COGSA 1992.

Necessity of English Law Opinions

41 A party wishing to prove the content of foreign law can do so by adducing
raw sources of foreign law as evidence, or by adducing the opinion of an
expert on foreign law: see Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and
another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”) at [54]. However,
where misdelivery and the rights under COGSA 1992 are concerned, I echo the
sentiments of Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) in Swiss Singapore Overseas
Enterprises Pte Ltd v Navalmar UK Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 688 at [6] (articulated
albeit in a different context involving the UK Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 1999) that evidence from an English law expert is not necessary,
and it would be sufficient to adduce the relevant English decisions or
secondary materials: see Pacific Recreation at [57]–[59]; ss 40, 59(1)(b) and
59(2) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed).

42 To begin with, Singapore’s Bills of Lading Act was adopted from, and is in
pari materia with, the UK’s COGSA 1992: see Bandung Shipping Pte Ltd v Keppel
TatLee Bank Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 295 (“Bandung Shipping”) at [14]; Tan Lee
Meng, Law on Carriage of Goods by Sea (Academy Publishing, 3rd Ed, 2018) at
para 07.016. COGSA 1992 was initially applicable in Singapore by virtue of s 5
of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1988 Rev Ed) (“Civil Law Act”). When s 5 of the
Civil Law Act was repealed in 1993 by the Application of English Law Act (Cap
7A, 1994 Rev Ed), the latter legislation provided for the continued
application of COGSA 1992 in Singapore. In 1994, COGSA 1992, as applied in
Singapore, was revised and renamed the Bills of Lading Act.

43 As such, the law concerning Singapore’s Bills of Lading Act is largely
similar, if not identical to, the law relating to the UK’s COGSA 1992. Counsel
and the Singapore courts alike have not had difficulty grappling with
arguments and issues relating to COGSA 1992, without the assistance of an
opinion from English law experts: see, for example, The “Dolphina” at
[155]–[180].

44 At the hearing before me, counsel for the Owner and Winson Oil accepted
that Singapore law and English law are the same, insofar as it concerns OCBC’s
rights of suit under the Bills of Lading. Accordingly, while I have considered
the views expressed by Sir Aikens and Mr Debattista, I do not find these
English law opinions necessary or determinative of the issues in this
application, and will not be referring to them in any detail in my judgment.

Part 2: Whether there is a prima facie case

45 It is settled law that an order bill of lading entitles the lawful holder
to call for delivery of the goods covered by that bill: see BNP Paribas v
Bandung Shipping Pte Ltd (Shweta International Pte Ltd and another, third
parties) [2003] 3 SLR(R) 611 (“BNP Paribas”) at [24]–[26]. The duty imposed on
the shipowner under the bill of lading contract is to deliver the goods, on
production of the bill of lading, to the person entitled under the bill of
lading: see Sze Hai Tong Bank Ltd v Rambler Cycle Co Ltd [1959] AC 576 at 586.
Delivery without production of the bill of lading constitutes a breach of
contract, and a shipowner who delivers the goods to a person other than the
lawful holder of the bill exposes himself to the risk of liability to the
holder: see BNP Paribas at [24]. The bill of lading remains effective until
the goods are delivered to the person entitled under the bill of lading, and
it follows that a lawful holder is entitled to sue for breach of contract
committed prior to the time it became the lawful holder: see BNP Paribas at
[30].

46 In the present case, the Bills of Lading were signed by the Master of the
Vessel, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at p185.

and are order bills that were specially indorsed to OCBC (see [22] above;
Bandung Shipping at [18]–[20]). The Owner did not deliver the Cargo to OCBC
when the latter demanded delivery in February 2021, as holder of the Bills of
Lading (see [23] above). Evidently, this was not possible as the Cargo had
been delivered to HLT close to a year earlier by the Owner without production
of the Bills of Lading and against the Letter of Indemnity issued by Winson
Oil (see [16]–[18] above).

47 Given the above, it cannot be seriously disputed that OCBC has raised a
prima facie case for summary judgment. The tactical burden thus shifts to the
Owner or Winson Oil to show that there is an issue or question in dispute
which ought to be tried, or that there ought for some other reason to be a
trial.

Part 3: Whether there are triable issues or some other reason for trial

48 I now consider the three main defences raised by the Owner and Winson Oil
against OCBC’s claim for breach of contract.

Good Faith

49 I begin with the defence that OCBC did not become the holder of the Bills
of Lading in good faith. To frame the discussion on this issue, I first set
out how the question of good faith impacts the transfer of the rights of suit
under the Bills of Lading.

50 On the facts of this case, OCBC would be the lawful holder of the Bills of
Lading, and acquire the rights of suit thereunder, if it proves either of the
following:

(a) That OCBC was in possession of the Bills of Lading: (i) as a result of the
completion of an indorsement by delivery, and (ii) in good faith: see s
2(1)(a) read with s 5(2)(b) of COGSA 1992; The “Aegean Sea” [1998] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 39 at 59–60.

(b) Alternatively, if the Bills of Lading are spent (ie, possession of the
Bills of Lading no longer gives a right, as against the Owner, to possession
of the Cargo), that OCBC was in possession of the Bills of Lading:

(i) as a result of the completion of an indorsement by delivery;

(ii) in good faith; and

(iii) pursuant to a contractual or other arrangement made before the time when
the Bills of Lading became spent.

(See s 2(2)(a) read with s 5(2)(c) of COGSA 1992; The “Erin Schulte” [2015] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 97 at [53]–[58]; The “Yue You 902” at [87]–[99].)

51 In either situation, OCBC must establish (a) completion of an indorsement
by delivery, and (b) good faith, to show that it acquired the rights of suit.
Before turning to address the parties’ arguments on good faith, I do not think
OCBC faces any difficulty proving the requirement of completion of an
indorsement by delivery. As explained by Moore-Bick LJ in The “Erin Schulte”
(at [28]), “completion of an indorsement by delivery requires the voluntary
and unconditional transfer of possession by the holder to the indorsee and an
unconditional acceptance by the indorsee”. There is no suggestion here that
this did not take place when the judicial managers of HLT indorsed the Bills
of Lading to OCBC on 17 February 2021 (see [22] above).

(1) Parties’ Arguments on Good Faith

52 According to the Owner and Winson Oil, the Bills of Lading were not
intended to be relied on by OCBC as security when it financed HLT’s purchase
of the Cargo. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DD at para 7(c). DWS at paras 43-48. ID at para 14(c). IWS at paras 54-64.

Instead, OCBC knew that the Cargo would be blended and on-sold to Pertamina,
and OCBC looked instead to the sale proceeds that HLT was to hold on trust for
OCBC under the Trust Receipt Loan. As such, OCBC cannot be said to have become
the holder of the Bills of Lading in good faith, as it is now bringing a
contrived claim against the Owner due to the financial collapse of HLT.

53 In response, OCBC argues that it had contractual rights under the LC T&Cs
to require HLT to indorse and deliver the Bills of Lading to it, for which
OCBC had given valuable consideration by issuing the Letter of Credit. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PWS at para 136.

The exercise of such rights by OCBC was not, and could not be, dishonest. OCBC
is thus entitled to sue in respect of the Cargo as pledgee and lawful holder
of the Bills of Lading.

(2) My Decision

54 After careful consideration of the competing arguments and the materials
before me, I find that there is indeed a triable issue on whether OCBC was in
possession of the Bills of Lading in good faith. The arguments on good faith
threw up several matters that I am unable to meaningfully determine on the
affidavit evidence before me, such as the financing and security arrangements
between OCBC and HLT. These matters ought to be investigated at trial, where
the judge will have the benefit of the discovery, interrogatory and cross-
examination processes. I set out my detailed reasons in the paragraphs that
follow, but I emphasize at the outset that nothing I say here should be taken
to pre-empt the outcome of the trial.

55 When OCBC extended financing to HLT, the underlying arrangements suggest
that OCBC did not intend to take security through a pledge of the Bills of
Lading, and therefore, the Cargo.

(a) A pledge of the bills of lading would only constitute a pledge of the
goods, if the possession of the bills of lading constitutes a constructive
possession of the goods themselves: see Peter Ellinger & Dora Neo, The Law and
Practice of Documentary Letters of Credit (Hart Publishing, 2010) at p 108.
Hence, to enjoy the security conferred by a pledge, a bank that finances the
shipment of goods by a letter of credit must ensure that the bills of lading
are made out to the bank’s order or indorsed in blank. Otherwise, the transfer
of the bills of lading to the bank would be ineffective to constitute a
pledge, as the bank does not gain constructive possession of the underlying
goods. Accordingly, the bank’s right to sell the goods to meet the financing
would be prejudiced: see Sir Richard Aikens et al, Bills of Lading (Informa
Law, 3rd Ed, 2020) (“Aikens, Bills of Lading”) at para 8.35.

(b) When OCBC issued the Letter of Credit on 6 March 2020, it acceded to HLT’s
request for the Bills of Lading to be issued or indorsed to HLT’s order (see
[12] above). This was in spite of OCBC’s letter of credit application form
which provided, by default, that bills of lading required for presentation
were to be made out to the order of OCBC (see [11(b)] above).

(c) Subsequently, when OCBC granted the Trust Receipt Loan to HLT on 3 April
2020, it also did not arrange for the Bills of Lading to be indorsed to OCBC’s
order or indorsed in blank.

(d) In other words, it was open to OCBC when it financed the purchase of the
Cargo to create a pledge through the deposit of properly indorsed bills of
lading. It did not do so, and this fact alone distinguishes the present case
from other decisions where summary judgment was entered in favour of the
financing bank: see The “Yue You” 902 at [9]; The “Navig8 Ametrine” [2022]
SGHCR 5 at [5], [9] and [12].

56 On the contrary, the underlying arrangements suggest that OCBC looked
instead to the proceeds of HLT’s sale to Pertamina as collateral.

(a) OCBC granted a Trust Receipt Loan to HLT from 3 to 28 April 2020 for the
sums due under the Letter of Credit, which were governed by the terms of the
Master Trust Receipt Arrangement (see [14] above).

(b) In general, trust receipt financing involves the release of the bills of
lading by the financing bank to the customer for the latter to sell the
documents or the goods, in return for the customer’s undertaking to hold the
sale proceeds on trust for the bank to cover the amount advanced. While a
trust receipt protects the bank against the customer’s insolvency, it does not
protect the bank from the customer’s dishonesty in selling the goods and
disposing of the sale proceeds otherwise than in accordance with the terms of
the trust receipt. As explained by Michael Bridge, Benjamin’s Sale of Goods
(Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2021) at para 18-504:

Where bills of lading are held, generally by a bank, as security for an
advance, it is often necessary for the debtor (often a buyer of the goods) to
sell the goods in order to obtain the funds required to pay the advance. This
need may be satisfied, and the interests of the bank to a large extent
protected, by the use of trust receipts. These documents are by no means
uniform in content, but their essential features are as follows. They provide
for the release by the bank of the bills of lading to the debtor as trustee
for the bank, and authorise him to sell the documents or the goods on behalf
of the bank. The debtor, for his part, undertakes to hold the goods and their
proceeds in trust for the bank, and to remit the proceeds to the bank, at
least up to the amount of the advance. Under such a document, the bank is
protected against the debtor’s insolvency, though not against his dishonesty.

[emphasis added]

(c) OCBC knew, or at the very least was put on notice, that HLT intended to
blend the Cargo and on-sell it as Gasoline 92 RON Unleaded to Pertamina (see
[11(a)] above). Given that Gasoline 92 RON Unleaded is a different product
from the Cargo, the Bills of Lading could not have been used as documents of
title for the sale to Pertamina; new bills of lading would have to be issued
by HLT. These new bills of lading would then be sold for OCBC to recover the
sums advanced under the Letter of Credit. Hence, it is arguable that the
effect of the Trust Receipt Loan was to authorise HLT to: (i) sell the blended
cargo to Pertamina (using new bills of lading issued by HLT), and (ii) hold
the sale proceeds on trust for OCBC to secure the amount advanced.

(d) In making the observations above, I should also highlight that the
circumstances surrounding HLT’s sale to Pertamina is a critical piece missing
from this puzzle. It is unclear whether HLT’s sale to Pertamina even took
place, and if it did, what has become of the sale proceeds. This is relevant
because while a trust receipt can protect OCBC against HLT’s insolvency, it
does not protect OCBC from any dishonesty on HLT’s part in selling the blended
cargo and disposing of the sale proceeds (see [56(b)] above).

57 My views on the financing and security arrangements between OCBC and HLT
are corroborated by the affidavit of Mr Lim Oon Kuin (“Mr Lim”) dated 17 April
2020, which was filed in support of HLT’s application in HC/OS 405/2020 for
six months’ moratorium relief pursuant to s 211B of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

The affidavit of Lim Oon Kuin dated 17 April 2020 is exhibited in Tung’s 2nd
Affidavit.

(a) Mr Lim was the managing director and founder of HLT, and he had, in his
affidavit, enumerated a list of HLT’s secured creditors and the corresponding
security held by these creditors.

(b) Notably, Mr Lim did not list pledges of bills of lading as the security
held by OCBC. Instead, Mr Lim described OCBC’s security in the following
terms: 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Tung’s 2nd Affidavit at p181.

Uncommitted trade finance facility to finance the procurement of crude and
petroleum products, with the following securities:

• Assignment over all rights, title and interests in relation to sale proceeds
under the sale contracts financed by OCBC

[emphasis added]

(c) However, Mr Lim did identify banks that had taken pledges of bills of
lading as security for their financing. For example, in respect of ING Bank,
Mr Lim described its security in the following terms: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ibid at p180.

Uncommitted short term credit facilities to finance trade activities, with the
following securities:

• Trust Receipts and/or Pledge and hypothecation of bills, drafts, documents
of title, transportation documents, warehouse receipts, insurance policies
relating to goods financed by ING

[emphasis added]

58 OCBC did try to perfect its “security”, by having the Bills of Lading
delivered to it and indorsed in its favour. However, OCBC only took such steps
after it was informed of HLT’s financial difficulties on 14 April 2020 (see
[19]–[22] above). By that time, the Cargo had been discharged from the Vessel,
and apparently blended into a new product for on-sale to Pertamina under the
Trust Receipt Loan (see [56(c)] above). Under these circumstances, I question
whether it is even possible to create a security interest in the Bills of
Lading in the manner sought by OCBC, if it was not in the commercial
contemplation of the parties and in fact contrary to the arrangement agreed
upon. For completeness, I do not think the order of court dated 15 February
2021 (see [22] above) for HLT to indorse the Bills of Lading to OCBC changes
the above analysis. This is because it was made without prejudice to the
rights acquired by any person to the Bills of Lading (such as the Owner) prior
to the making of the order.

59 The term “good faith” in s 5(2) of COGSA 1992 was held by Thomas J in The
“Aegean Sea” (at 60) to connote honest conduct. The Court of Appeal in UCO
Bank v Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 1 agreed with
Thomas J’s formulation of “good faith”, and further commented that “good
faith” obviously precluded a situation “where possession is obtained
unlawfully, or by other improper means”: see [39]–[40].

60 In light of the rather unique circumstances of this case, I find it is at
least arguable that OCBC did not meet the threshold of honest conduct because:
(a) it did not look to the Bills of Lading as security at the time it financed
HLT’s purchase of the Cargo, and (b) it is now attempting to bring a claim on
such purported security. OCBC’s title to sue is not beyond doubt, and the
Owner should be granted unconditional leave to defend based on this issue
alone.

Spent Bills

61 The next defence raised by the Owner and Winson Oil is that the Bills of
Lading are spent and do not transfer any rights of suit to OCBC. In response,
OCBC submits that even if the Bills of Lading are spent, it can rely on s
2(2)(a) read with s 5(2)(c) of COGSA 1992 to acquire the rights of suit
against the Owner.

62 As previously mentioned (at [50(b)] above), even if the Bills of Lading are
spent, OCBC will have rights of suit if it is in possession of the Bills of
Lading: (a) as a result of the completion of indorsement by delivery, (b) in
good faith, and (c) pursuant to a contractual or other arrangement made before
the time when the Bills of Lading became spent. The first requirement is not
an issue (see [51] above); I have concluded in the preceding section that the
second requirement of good faith should be decided at trial.

63 Accordingly, assuming OCBC can cross the hurdle of good faith, there are
two issues arising in respect of this defence:

(a) first, whether the Bills of Lading are spent, and if so, when that
occurred; and

(b) second, whether OCBC is in possession of the Bills of Lading pursuant to a
contractual or other arrangement made before the time when the Bills of Lading
became spent.

(1) Whether the Bills of Lading are Spent

64 In my view, the Bills of Lading became spent on 17 February 2021, when HLT
received the Bills of Lading in order to endorse them in favour of OCBC.

(a) A bill of lading is only spent when delivery is effected to the person
entitled to the goods: see The “Yue You 902” at [69]. In circumstances where
the person who received the delivery of the goods subsequently becomes the
holder of the bill of lading, the bill of lading would also be spent. This is
because the bill of lading’s status as the symbol of the goods is exhausted
when the symbol is united with the goods: see The “Yue You 902” at [70],
citing Barber v Meyerstein (1870) LR 4 HL 317 at 333.

(b) In the present case, the Cargo was delivered to HLT between 5 and 6 March
2020 (see [16] above). Although HLT was not in possession of the Bills of
Lading at the time of delivery, it subsequently possessed the Bills of Lading
on 17 February 2021 for the purpose of indorsing the same to OCBC. By this
time, and prior to their indorsement to OCBC, the Bills of Lading had been
indorsed to the order of HLT, making HLT the party entitled to the Cargo (see
[21] above). Thus, when HLT became the holder of the Bills of Lading on 17
February 2021, the Bills of Lading became spent as they were transferred to
the person who was entitled to and had earlier obtained delivery of the Cargo.

(2) Contractual or other arrangement

65 The next issue is whether OCBC was in possession of the Bills of Lading
pursuant to a contractual or other arrangement made before the Bills of Lading
became spent. To determine this, the approach is to simply identify the
arrangement, if any, pursuant to which the bills of lading were transferred:
see The “Erin Schulte” at [56]. This is a factual inquiry. In BNP Paribas at
[31] and The “Yue You 902” at [94], the relevant “contractual or other
arrangement” was identified by the Singapore court in obiter to be the
facility agreement between the bank and its customer.

66 In the present case, I accept OCBC’s argument that the transfer of the
Bills of Lading to OCBC was made pursuant to the Facilities Letter, which was
subject to the LC T&Cs.

(a) OCBC exercised its rights under the LC T&Cs to act as HLT’s agent, and
demand that Winson Oil deliver the Bills of Lading to OCBC (see [20] above).
This resulted in the transfer of the Bills of Lading from Winson Oil to OCBC.

(b) Thereafter, HLT, by its judicial managers, indorsed the Bills of Lading to
OCBC, which according to OCBC, was also done pursuant to the terms of the
Facilities Letter. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Chua’s 3rd Affidavit at paras 34-36. PWS at para 119.

67 Accordingly, the transfer of the Bills of Lading to OCBC was pursuant to
the Facilities Letter, which was entered into before the Bills of Lading
became spent on 17 February 2021. Had it not been for the issue of good faith,
I would have found that OCBC had the rights of suit under the Bills of Lading
pursuant to s 2(2)(a) read with s 5(2)(c) of COGSA 1992.

Consent to Misdelivery

68 Finally, I consider the defence that OCBC consented, authorised, or
acquiesced to the delivery of the Cargo without presentation of the Bills of
Lading. For ease of reference, I will refer to this as the defence of consent.

69 Preliminarily, it should be noted that the defence of consent assumes that
OCBC had acquired the rights of suit under the Bills of Lading. As such, if
OCBC is unable to prove the issue of good faith at trial, the defence of
consent need not be considered at all.

(1) General Principles

70 The defence of consent seeks to excuse the shipowner’s breach of the
contract of carriage in delivering the goods without production of the bills
of lading. The defence of consent captures a range of possible circumstances,
but the essence is that the holder of the bills of lading gave instructions to
the shipowner (or is deemed to have done so) which were acted on by the
shipowner, such that the holder cannot now complain about the breach: see The
“Cherry” and others [2003] 1 SLR(R) 471 (“The ‘Cherry’”) at [27]. The defence
of consent may be established through any one of the following:

(a) Express consent in the form of written instructions from the holder to the
shipowner to release the goods without production of the original bills of
lading: see Forsa Multimedia Limited v C&C Logistics (HK) Limited [2011] HKCU
254 at [22].

(b) Acquiescence, in the form of inactivity under such circumstances that the
holder’s assent to the release of the goods without production of the original
bills of lading may be reasonably inferred from it: see The “Neptra Premier”
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 754 at [38].

(c) Actual authority from the holder for a third party to take delivery of the
goods without production of the original bills of lading: see The “Nika”
[2021] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 109 at [26].

71 The defence of consent covers instructions emanating from a person who was
not the holder of the bills of lading at the time of delivery but subsequently
became the holder. As a matter of principle, I see no reason why a person
should be allowed to resile from his earlier instructions that led to the
shipowner’s breach. I further find support for this proposition from the
obiter remarks in The “Cherry”.

(a) The case arose from a shipment of a cargo of oil, which was to be carried
on the appellants’ vessel from Kuwait to blending facilities in Fujairah owned
and operated by an entity known as Metro. In December 1997, the respondents
issued instructions for the vessel to discharge the cargo into the blending
facilities at Fujairah. Unbeknown to the respondents, the vessel only
discharged part of the cargo in Fujairah, with the rest of the cargo being
carried to Singapore. The respondents subsequently became the holder of the
bills of lading in February 1998, and sued the appellants for having breached
their obligation under the bills of lading to deliver the entire cargo at
Fujairah.

(b) The Court of Appeal in obiter stated that the defence of consent would
have been demonstrated in respect of the cargo delivered at Fujairah without
production of the bills of lading. The Court explained (at [27]):

… [T]he respondents were never in a position to insist on delivery of the
cargo without the bill of lading whether such demand was made to Metro or to
the appellants directly and the appellants could have refused to deliver the
cargo at Fujairah or to deal with it there in any way until the bills were
produced. The appellants did not take this course. … The appellants thus
knowingly committed acts that were in breach of contract and to escape
liability for doing so they would have to establish that the respondents had
given the instructions on which they acted or could be deemed to have done so
and therefore that the respondents could not complain about the breach. They
would have been able to establish this in answer to a contention by the
respondents that discharge into the storage tanks at Fujairah without
production of the bill of lading was a breach since the evidence was clear
that that was what the respondents as voyage charterers had instructed Metro
to do. … [emphasis added]

72 In general, the defence of consent is hard to prove. As succinctly
explained in Aikens, Bills of Lading (at paras 8.48–8.49):

8.48 The defence of consent or acquiescence is generally difficult to
establish. For one thing, insofar as banks regard the underlying goods they
finance as their security, it is difficult to see why they would give that up
by consenting to delivery of the goods to a third party before the loan is
discharged. This is particularly so if an issuing bank requires the bills of
lading to be specially endorsed in its favour under the terms of the credit or
executes a pledge over the bills of lading and underlying goods. The fact that
the underlying carriage is of a short duration or that the underlying goods
would be delivered against a letter of indemnity may be known to a bank, but
such knowledge per se is not tantamount to consent to delivery without
production of bills of lading. The bank is entitled to rely on the carrier’s
contractual promise to deliver against production of a bill of lading and to
expect that a carrier who risks a claim for breach of that promise to demand a
letter of indemnity to protect itself … This defence is even less convincing
if the delivery without presentation of bills of lading had taken place prior
to the bank’s becoming holder of the same and extending financing against
them, since it would entail consent on the bank’s part prior to its becoming a
holder of and acquiring rights under the bills of lading …

8.49 Another difficulty to the defence of consent is that the carrier is
usually unable to establish that he delivered the goods without production of
bills of lading on the instructions or with the authority of the bank, being
the other party to the contract of carriage. Unless there was communication
between the bank and the carrier at the time of such delivery … it is hard to
see how a bank could have instructed or authorised the antecedent delivery
without presentation of a bill of lading or against a letter of indemnity.
Indeed, acceptance of a letter of indemnity is meant to protect a carrier as
by delivering without presentation of bills of lading, he is doing “what he is
not contractually obliged to do”. As the carrier knows and expects that he may
be sued for misdelivery, he should not be spared from the consequences of his
action …

[emphasis added]

(2) My Decision

73 To begin with, there are facts that strongly militate against a finding of
consent. It is undisputed that there were no communications between OCBC and
the Owner at the material time. Further, the Owner’s own reaction to OCBC’s
claim was to institute proceedings against Winson Oil under the Letter of
Indemnity, and to compel Winson Oil to put up security for OCBC’s claim. This
suggests that the Owner discharged the Cargo because it believed its potential
liability under the Bills of Lading for misdelivery was covered by the Letter
of Indemnity, and not because it believed that it had no liability due to any
perceived consent on OCBC’s part: see The “Yue You 902” at [123].

74 However, I do not consider the defence to be clearly unarguable on the
facts of this case. The Cargo was delivered by the Owner on Winson Oil’s
instructions between 5 and 6 March 2020, and OCBC granted the Trust Receipt
Loan on 3 April 2020. When OCBC granted the Trust Receipt Loan, it knew or was
put on notice that the Cargo would be blended by HLT, and on-sold as a
different product to Pertamina. The circumstances surrounding the Trust
Receipt Loan suggest that OCBC looked to the proceeds of HLT’s sale to
Pertamina, rather than the Bills of Lading, as the collateral to secure the
amount advanced to HLT (see [56] above). Accordingly, whether the Trust
Receipt Loan amounted to OCBC’s ex post facto consent to, or ratification of,
Winson Oil’s instructions to the Owner to deliver the Cargo without production
of the Bills of Lading is a matter that should be investigated at trial.

75 In arriving at my view, I recognise that the courts in BNP Paribas (at
[59]) and The “Yue You 902” (at [123]) both rejected attempts by the
shipowners to infer consent, authority or ratification on the part of the
financing bank arising from the trust receipt arrangements in those cases.
However, these decisions were premised on the finding that the bills of lading
had been pledged by the customer to the financing bank as security, and that
they were required in the on-sale that was on documents against payment (D/P)
terms: see BNP Paribas at [29], [44]–[46], [59]–[60]; The “Yue You 902” at
[116]. It is thus unsurprising that the court did not construe the trust
receipt arrangement to operate in an unrestricted manner that would prejudice
or affect the financing bank’s pledged rights. The present case is clearly
distinguishable since: (a) OCBC did not have a pledge over the Bills of Lading
when the Trust Receipt Loan was granted (see [55] above), and (b) the Bills of
Lading could not be used in the on-sale to Pertamina.

76 Consequently, I find that the defence of consent also warrants
unconditional leave being granted to the Owner.

Conclusion

77 Ultimately, the power to grant summary judgment is intended only to apply
to cases where there is no reasonable doubt that a plaintiff is entitled to
judgment: see Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank [1999] 2 SLR(R) 880 at
[21]. Given the many unanswered questions I have on OCBC’s claim, I am not
persuaded that this threshold has been met. The Owner shall be granted
unconditional leave to defend, as I am satisfied that there is a fair
probability of a bona fide defence.

78 On the issue of costs, I order that the costs of this application shall be
in the cause.

79 In closing, it remains for me to thank counsel for their helpful
submissions, from which I have derived much assistance in the preparation of
this judgment.

Navin Anand  
Assistant Registrar

Kenny Yap, Ho Pey Yann and Douglas Lok Bao Guang (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the plaintiff;  
Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) (instructed), Daryll Richard Ng and
Ang Kaili (Virtus Law LLP) for the defendant;  
Bazul Ashhab Bin Abdul Kader, Prakaash s/o Paniar Silvam, Tan Yu Hang and
Levin Lin Lok Yan (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the intervener.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 08 Jul 2022 (10:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

