Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 228

Originating Summons No 779 of 2021 (Summons No 2371 of 2022)

Between

| Syed Ibrahim Shaik Mohideen  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Wavoo Abdusalam Shahul Hameed  
---|---  
(2)| Abdul Latiff Hajara Marliya  
(3)| Suvai Foods Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Companies — Statutory derivative action — Cross-examination at the leave
stage]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Syed Ibrahim Shaik Mohideen

  
v

  

Wavoo Abdusalam Shahul Hameed and others

[2022] SGHC 228

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 779 of 2021
(Summons No 2371 of 2022)  
Goh Yihan JC  
2 September 2022

20 September 2022

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This is the first and second defendants’ application for leave to cross-
examine the plaintiff on his affidavits filed in HC/OS 779/2021 (“OS 779”).
For convenience, I shall term the first and second defendants as “the
applicants”, unless the context requires otherwise. OS 779 is the plaintiff’s
application for leave to commence a statutory derivative action against the
first and second defendants in the name of the third defendant, pursuant to s
216A of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “Companies Act”). The
underlying basis behind the present application was that, so the applicants
alleged, there were material disputes of fact arising from the plaintiff’s
evidence in OS 779 which warrant the court taking a closer look at that
evidence.

2 At the end of the hearing before me on 2 September 2022, I dismissed the
application with costs. But because the application raises a relatively
undiscussed question about when it would be appropriate to order the cross-
examination of the deponent of a supporting affidavit in an application for
leave to commence a statutory derivative action, I now provide the full
reasons for my decision.

The factual background

3 The third defendant is Suvai Foods Pte Ltd, a company incorporated in
Singapore on 2 March 2012 (“the Company”). The Company is engaged in the
business of manufacturing food products, in particular fresh Indian food
products. The plaintiff was a co-founder of the Company and was appointed a
director of the Company from its incorporation until he was removed pursuant
to a members’ resolution at the Annual General Meeting on 23 August 2021.
Since 12 April 2021, the plaintiff has been a majority shareholder of the
Company. He holds 9,600 of the 20,000 ordinary shares in the Company, or
approximately 48%.

4 The first defendant is also a co-founder of the Company and remains a
director. He is a minority shareholder of the Company with about 44% of the
issued shares since 12 April 2021. The second defendant has been a director of
the Company since 1 August 2019. She is also a minority shareholder with about
8% of the issued shares.

5 The plaintiff commenced OS 779 for leave to commence a statutory derivative
action on behalf of the Company against the first and second defendants
pursuant to s 216A of the Companies Act. The plaintiff’s application was
premised on the first and second defendants’ alleged breaches of fiduciary
duties in their capacities as directors. As against the first defendant, the
plaintiff alleged the following breaches:

(a) breach of trust relating to the Company’s rights of ownership to its trade
mark;

(b) using the Company’s confidential recipes and funds to establish two
foreign companies, Suvai Foods (UK) Limited (“Suvai UK”) and Suvai Foods HK
(Maya Foods Limited) (“Suvai HK”);

(c) misusing the Company’s resources, website, and funds to facilitate the
business of Suvai UK and Suvai HK, without accounting to the Company for the
profits made;

(d) inflating the salaries of the Company’s genuine employees and “clawing
back” payments from them;

(e) inflating the salaries of the Company’s phantom employees and “clawing
back” payments from them;

(f) transferring monies from the Company to an Indian entity named Suvai Foods
on the pretext of paying for supplies;

(g) diverting the Company’s revenue to a new bank account with United Overseas
Bank since January 2021, instead of depositing them into the Company’s old
bank account with Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation;

(h) incorporating another Singapore company, Suvai Global Foods Pte Ltd;

(i) conspiring with Ms K V Rajalakshmi to appoint the second defendant as a
director of the Company, for the purposes of paying the second defendant’s
director fees of $85,895 in 2019; and

(j) conspiring with the second defendant to act against the Company’s
interests by engaging and/or approving the alleged conduct in (d) to (g)
above.

6 As against the second defendant, the plaintiff alleged that, since her
appointment as a director of the Company, she had conspired with the first
defendant to act against the Company’s interests by engaging in [5(d)]–[5(g)]
above.

7 On 12 May 2022, the applicants informed the plaintiff of their intention to
cross-examine him and requested for his consent or comments. Despite attempts
by the applicants to follow up with the plaintiff on 24 May 2022 and 2 June
2022, the plaintiff did not reply until 8 June 2022. The plaintiff’s eventual
reply was that he would oppose the applicants’ application to cross-examine
him. The applicants therefore proceeded to file the present application.

The applicants’ grounds for the present application

8 The essence of the applicants’ grounds for the present application was that
there were material disputes of facts arising from the plaintiff’s evidence in
OS 779. The applicants submitted that their evidence warranted the court
taking a closer look at the plaintiff’s evidence. Referencing the requirements
for an application for leave under s 216A of the Companies Act, the applicants
said that there were material disputes of facts arising from the plaintiff’s
evidence in terms of the so-called notice, good faith, and interest
requirements (see the High Court decision of Tan Chun Chuen Malcolm v Beach
Hotel Pte Ltd and another [2022] SGHC 187 at [4]–[5]).

9 More specifically, the applicants pointed to several “factual gaps” in the
plaintiff’s narrative of the relevant events. According to them, these factual
gaps had either been contradicted by the applicants’ affidavits or raised
issues of fact that are relevant and necessary to the disputed issues in OS
779. Where these factual gaps gave rise to issues of fact, they can be divided
into events before the filing of OS 779, and events after the filing of OS
779. The applicants said that the resolution of these factual gaps would
greatly assist the court’s assessment of the plaintiff’s case in OS 779 as
these gaps related to his account of material events.

10 At the hearing before me, Mr Ashton Tan (“Mr Tan”), who appeared for the
applicants, further elaborated on the applicants’ case for leave to be granted
for cross-examination. First, as to the supposed factual gaps in the
plaintiff’s evidence, Mr Tan explained that if I was satisfied that the
evidence turns one way or the other in favour of either the plaintiff or the
applicants, then I need not order cross-examination. This is because the
evidence would lead to a clear conclusion in that case. However, if the
evidence was finely balanced to give rise to a material dispute of fact, then
I should order cross-examination. Second, Mr Tan also explained that I should
order cross-examination of the plaintiff because his credibility was
questionable. Mr Tan said that the plaintiff had corresponded perfectly in
English before but had then said in his supporting affidavit in respect of OS
779 that he was not comfortable with the language. This, Mr Tan explained,
cast doubts on the plaintiff’s credibility. The plaintiff should therefore be
cross-examined so that the court dealing with OS 779 can evaluate the
plaintiff’s credibility.

11 Having considered the background and the essence of the applicants’ grounds
in the present application, I turned to consider the applicable principles to
determine when it would be appropriate to order the cross-examination of the
deponent of a supporting affidavit in an application for leave to commence a
statutory derivative action.

The applicable principles to determine when to order cross-examination in an
application for leave to commence a statutory derivative action

The court’s discretion to order cross-examination in an originating summons

Overview of the court’s general discretion

12 It is trite that the court has a general discretion to order the cross-
examination of the deponent of an affidavit in an originating summons. This is
clear from O 38 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (the “ROC”), which
provides as such:

In any cause or matter begun by originating summons … evidence shall be given
by affidavit … but the Court may, on the application of any party, order the
attendance for cross-examination of the person making any such affidavit, and
where, after such an order has been made, the person in question does not
attend, his affidavit shall not be used as evidence without the leave of the
Court.

13 Similarly, O 28 r 4(3) of the ROC provides as follows:

… the Court shall, at as early a stage of the proceedings on the originating
summons as appears to it to be practicable, consider whether there is or may
be a dispute as to fact and whether the just, expeditious and economical
disposal of the proceedings can accordingly best be secured by hearing the
originating summons on oral evidence or mainly on oral evidence and, if it
thinks fit, may order that … the originating summons shall be heard on oral
evidence or partly on oral evidence and partly on affidavit evidence, with or
without cross-examination of any of the deponents …

14 The combined effect of O 38 r 2(2) and O 28 r 4(3) is that, unlike the case
of proceedings commenced by writ where the default position would be that a
deponent of an affidavit of evidence-in-chief is to be cross-examined at trial
(see O 38 r 2(1)), a party who wishes to cross-examine a deponent in
proceedings commenced by originating summons or summons would have to make an
application to court for cross-examination.

15 The discretion whether to allow such cross-examination lies with the court.
Indeed, the ambit of such discretion is quite wide. For example, in a case
cited by the applicants, the High Court decision of Tan Sock Hian v Eng Liat
Kiang [1995] 1 SLR(R) 730 (“Tan Sock Hian”), the husband had entered an
appearance in the wife’s divorce petition and indicated that he would contest
it. The husband applied for leave to cross-examine the wife on her affidavit
filed in support of her interlocutory application for interim maintenance.
Judith Prakash JC (as she then was) dismissed the husband’s application for
cross-examination. Among many reasons, Prakash JC held that an order for
cross-examination should not be lightly granted in relation to an
interlocutory matter as it would in effect allow the parties to have a
rehearsal before trial (at [14]). Moreover, the learned judge held that it
would have been oppressive to allow the wife to be cross-examined since she
was 68 years old at the time of the application and was not in the best of
health. The breadth of the matters considered by Prakash JC in the exercise of
her discretion to order cross-examination shows that the discretion
contemplated under O 38 r 2(2) and O 28 r 4(3) of the ROC is quite wide.

16 While not relevant to the present application, the effect of O 38 r 2(2)
and O 28 r 4(3) of the ROC appears to have been combined in O 15 rr 7(5) and
7(6) of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”). O 15 r 7(5) of the ROC 2021
provides that the default position is that originating applications
(previously known as originating summonses) and summonses must be decided
based on the evidence adduced by affidavits and on oral or written
submissions, without oral evidence or cross-examination. This thereby
replicates part of O 38 r 2(2) of the ROC. Further, O 15 r 7(6) of the ROC
2021 provides that where the court is of the view that there are disputes of
fact in the affidavits, the court may order, among others, the makers of the
affidavits to be cross-examined. This therefore replicates O 28 r 4(3) of the
ROC. In particular, the discretion contemplated by O 38 r 2(2) and O 28 r 4(3)
of the ROC is similarly replicated in O 15 r 7(6) of the ROC 2021, which
provides that the court “may” order for cross-examination. In my view, the
case law on the exercise of such discretion under O 38 r 2(2) and O 28 r 4(3)
of the ROC should, subject to the overriding Ideals contained in O 3 r 1 of
the ROC 2021, continue to be applicable in respect of O 15 r 7(6) of the ROC
2021.

The general factors affecting the exercise of such discretion

17 While I have said that the discretion contemplated under O 38 r 2(2) and O
28 r 4(3) of the ROC is quite wide, it is also trite that every discretion
must be exercised consistently and properly in accordance with the rationale
that underlies that discretion. This must mean that there are some general
factors that should guide the consistent and proper exercise of the
discretion. Of course, these factors must necessarily be general in nature and
not unduly affect the exercise of the discretion.

18 In my view, the foremost factor is the raison d’être behind the originating
summons process. The entire raison d’être for the originating summons process
is to provide a convenient and speedy avenue for litigants to obtain a
declaration of their respective rights from the court (see the English Court
of Appeal decision of Punton and another v Ministry of Pensions and National
Insurance [1963] 1 WLR 186 at 192). Therefore, apart from those instances
specifically provided for under written law, the originating summons process
is primarily utilised for matters where the dispute can be resolved by
considering the interpretation of a statutory provision, or the construction
of objective documentary evidence, such as wills, contracts, trusts, and
settlement agreements. In such cases, the dispute at hand can be resolved
conveniently and speedily through the originating summons process, without the
need to consider oral evidence. Parties can therefore obtain judgment in
respect of their rights. Indeed, it is trite that where there are substantial
factual disputes which will render the originating summons a writ all but in
name, it should be converted to a writ (see the decision of the Court of
Appeal in Woon Brothers Investments Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 461 and others [2011] 4 SLR 777 at [29] and [32]). Accordingly,
a court exercising discretion in considering whether to order cross-
examination should consider the raison d’être behind the originating summons
process, which is to ensure a quick resolution of the dispute between the
parties concerned. This very raison d’être should mean that courts shall, as a
default rule, generally shy away from ordering cross-examination in an
originating summons.

19 The consideration of the raison d’être behind the originating summons
process must of course be contextualised to the application at hand. Hence,
the second factor that should guide the consistent and proper exercise of the
discretion to order cross-examination in an originating summons is the nature
of the application at hand. There will be different considerations depending
on the application concerned. For example, in Tan Sock Hian, the court was
concerned with an application for cross-examination in a summons for interim
maintenance pending the hearing of the divorce petition. While this summons
was not an originating summons, the court’s context-sensitive consideration of
the nature of the application at hand can still be discerned. As I alluded to
above (at [15]), Prakash JC dismissed the application for cross-examination
because she thought this would have allowed the parties a rehearsal ahead of
the trial. In my respectful view, the learned judge had cognisance of the
nature of the application being in the overall context of a pending trial.
Thus, the learned judge had clearly considered the consequences of any order
for cross-examination in the light of the overall context in that situation.
Similarly, as I will discuss below, it is important to pay heed to the nature
of an application for leave to commence a statutory derivative action, as
opposed to the eventual action that will be brought in the name of the
company, should such leave be granted.

20 Finally, the third factor that should guide the consistent and proper
exercise of the discretion to order cross-examination in an originating
summons is the presence (or absence) of disputes of facts in the affidavits.
This is a factor that is expressly identified in O 28 r 4(3) of the ROC, as
well as O 15 r 7(6) of the ROC 2021. However, this obviously cannot be taken
too far. There is, by the very premise of a dispute, likely to be disputes of
facts in the affidavits. It cannot be that the mere presence of factual
disputes will compel a court to order cross-examination. Thus, Steven Chong J
(as he then was) had held in the High Court decision of Jiangsu Overseas Group
Co Ltd v Concord Energy Pte Ltd and another matter [2016] 4 SLR 1336
(“Jiangsu”) (at [42]) that “there must be good reasons beyond the existence of
factual disputes to allow oral evidence and cross-examination” in an
originating summons. This is also illustrated by the High Court decision of
AQZ v ARA [2015] 2 SLR 972, albeit in the context an application to set aside
an arbitration award (where the parties would already have examined the
witnesses once fully before the arbitral tribunal). In that case, Judith
Prakash J (as she then was) held that the existence of substantial disputes of
fact as to whether a party had entered into the relevant arbitration agreement
is not by itself a sufficient reason to allow oral evidence or cross-
examination (at [55]).

21 With these general factors in mind, concerning (a) the raison d’être behind
the originating summons process; (b) the nature of the application at hand;
and (c) the presence (or absence) of disputes of facts in the application, I
turned to consider the more specific situation concerning the court’s
discretion to order cross-examination in an application for leave to commence
a statutory derivative action.

The court’s discretion to order cross-examination in an application for leave
to commence a statutory derivative action

Overview of the court’s discretion in this context

22 O 88 r 2(1) of the ROC provides that every application under the Companies
Act, except for applications under s 216 or s 394, “must be made by
originating summons”. An application for leave to commence a statutory
derivative action under s 216A of the Companies Act must therefore be made by
originating summons. Consequentially, O 38 r 2(2) and O 28 r 4(3) of the ROC
are engaged and a court hearing such an application for leave will have the
discretion to order the cross-examination of the deponent of a supporting
affidavit. This much is trite and undisputed. However, the key question posed
in the present application is how should this discretion be exercised?

The specific factors affecting the exercise of such discretion

(1) The nature of an application for leave to commence a statutory derivative
action

23 In my view, the first factor that affects the exercise of such discretion
is the nature of an application for leave to commence a statutory derivative
action. This is the contextualisation of considering the raison d’être behind
the originating summons process. Thus, while the court has the general
discretion to order cross-examination in an originating summons pursuant to O
38 r 2(2) and O 28 r 4(3) of the ROC, that discretion must be appropriately
applied in the context of an application for leave to commence a statutory
derivative action. This requires the court to consider the nature of such an
application and condition the exercise of its discretion on this basis.

24 The starting point is that an application for leave to commence a statutory
derivative action under s 216A of the Companies Act is not a trial of the
alleged wrongdoing. Applications under s 216A are for leave. Given the nature
of such an application, a lower standard of proof is applied to test the
allegations made. All that is needed is a prima facie case at this stage.
Thus, as noted in Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) (at p 481), the Court of Appeal in Ang Thiam Swee v
Low Hian Chor [2013] 2 SLR 340 (“Ang Thiam Swee”) stated that to satisfy the
requirement in s 216A(3)(c) of the Companies Act – which is the substantive
requirement of the leave application – the applicant must (at [53]) “cross the
threshold of convincing the court that the company’s claim would be legitimate
and arguable”. The court also noted that (at [55]) it is “plain that at this
interlocutory stage, the standard of proof required is low, and only the most
obviously unmeritorious claims will be culled”. Similarly, in the High Court
decision of Yeo Sing San v Sanmugam Murali and another [2016] SGHC 14 (at
[23]), Aedit Abdullah JC (as he then was) held that “[t]he application for
leave is only to provide a form of filtering, and it is clear that such
filtering can only be at a broad level at this stage”.

25 The nature of an application for leave to commence a statutory derivative
action brings with it at least two consequences in relation to the need for
cross-examination. First, there is no need at the application for leave stage
to show that the intended action will or is likely to succeed (see Urs
Meisterhans v GIP Pte Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 552 at [25]) but what needs to be shown
instead is that the claim is “legitimate and arguable” (see Ang Thiam Swee at
[53]). Thus, as stated in Minority Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies (at p
483), the court is not required to make an extensive inquiry into the merits
of the claim. Rather, it suffices for the court to rely on the affidavit
evidence filed. Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) put this very clearly in the
High Court decision of Agus Irawan v Toh Teck Chye and others [2002] 1 SLR(R)
471 (“Agus Irawan”) (at [6]):

… Hence, Mr Lim sought leave to file a further affidavit in response to this,
and also to have the plaintiff cross-examined. I do not see any need to expand
or broaden the case at this stage. At this stage the court need not and ought
not be drawn into an adjudication on the disputed facts. That is what a prima
facie legitimate or arguable case is all about. Leave to cross-examine in such
situations ought to be sparingly granted. I need only consider the grounds and
points of challenge raised by the defendants to see if they are sufficient in
themselves to destroy the credibility of the plaintiff’s propounded case
without a full scale hearing to determine who was truthful and who was not.

[emphasis added]

Choo JC’s explanation of the law was cited with approval by the Court of
Appeal in Pang Yong Hock and another v PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd [2004] 3
SLR(R) 1 (at [17]). Accordingly, given that the court is not required to
conduct an extensive examination of the evidence, it will be the exceptional
case that oral examination is ordered at the application for leave stage.

26 Second, given its nature and purpose, if an application for leave to
commence a statutory derivative action is successful, then there will be a
full action taken out in the name of the company concerned based on the
various facts raised in the affidavits filed for the leave application. This
brings back the concern raised by Prakash JC in Tan Sock Hian about not giving
parties a rehearsal ahead of the trial. Indeed, if the court hearing the
application for leave takes too robust an examination of the evidence, such as
by ordering cross-examination, then that effectively gives the parties the
benefit of a rehearsal ahead of any trial that may eventually be brought in
the name of the company concerned. This would not only be duplicative but may
also lead to oppressive effects. Accordingly, similar to Prakash JC in Tan
Sock Hian, I would regard that cross-examination should only be allowed in the
exceptional case in what is akin to an interlocutory matter (see Tan Sock Hian
at [14]).

27 As such, taken holistically, the very nature (and purpose) of an
application for leave to commence a statutory derivative action must mean that
cross-examination is only ever ordered on request in the most exceptional of
circumstances. In fact, this would be even more exceptional than an order for
cross-examination in other originating summonses.

(2) The inevitable existence of disputes of facts

28 The second factor that affects the exercise of discretion is simply that it
is inevitable that there will be disputes of facts, some material, in the
competing affidavit evidence. This is inevitable because, if the parties are
in agreement as to what happened in relation to the company concerned, there
would be no application for leave to commence the statutory derivative action
in the first place.

29 Accordingly, similarly to Chong J in Jiangsu, I regarded that there must be
good reasons beyond the existence of factual disputes to allow oral evidence
and cross-examination. Otherwise, by the very premise of an application for
leave to commence a statutory derivative action – which is that the parties
are in dispute as to whether it is in the company’s best interests to bring
such an action – there will always be disputes of facts that will lead to
cross-examination being ordered. This, considering the nature of an
application for leave, simply cannot be the case.

(3) Exceedingly difficult for a court to order cross-examination

30 Taken in the round, these two specific factors must mean that it is
exceedingly difficult for the court to exercise its discretion to order cross-
examination in respect of an application for leave to commence a statutory
derivative action. Indeed, as I alluded to during the hearing before me, there
have only been three local cases – reported and unreported – which have dealt
with an application to cross-examine in the present context. Out of the three
cases, there was only one case where cross-examination was ordered. This
global picture must surely tell us that it will be exceedingly difficult for a
court to order cross-examination in an application for leave to commence a
statutory derivative action.

31 While decisions from other jurisdictions are never determinative of our
local laws, it is helpful to note that my view, that it will be exceedingly
difficult for a court to order cross-examination here, is consistent with the
approaches taken in other common law jurisdictions. For example, in the United
Kingdom, s 260 of their Companies Act 2006 (c 46) (UK) sets out the statutory
regime to bring a derivative action. The statutory regime in the UK is quite
different from ours but there is similarly an application for leave stage. The
design of their regime is such that no witnesses are heard or cross-examined
at this stage (see Eva Micheler, Company Law: A Real Entity Theory (Oxford
University Press, 2021) at p 250). Similarly, in Australia, it appears that
cross-examination on the merits of any proposed derivative action will usually
be permitted only with leave of the court and only to a limited extent as “the
court will not normally enter into the merits of the proposed derivative
action to any great degree” (see the Supreme Court of New South Wales decision
of Swansson v R A Pratt Properties Pty Ltd and another [2002] 42 ACSR 313 at
[25], applying s 237(1) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)). Again, while the
Australian regime is not identical with ours, the gist of the statutory
derivative action remains the same. In that vein, it is helpful to note that
cross-examination is likewise not easily ordered.

(4) Necessity is not a relevant factor

32 Having concluded that it will be exceedingly difficult for a court to order
cross-examination in an application for leave to commence a statutory
derivative action, I turned to consider the applicants’ argument that I should
be guided by the test of “necessity” in deciding whether to order cross-
examination. The applicants referred to several cases in support of their
argument.

33 First, the applicants referred to the High Court decision of Ma Wai Fong
Kathryn v Trillion Investment Pte Ltd and others [2020] 5 SLR 1374 (“Kathryn
Ma”) for support that the test for cross-examination is one of necessity.
However, I did not see how the case stands for that proposition. In that case,
the court declined to order cross-examination because the plaintiff had
discharged her burden of proving good faith. More specifically, Valerie Thean
J had said this (at [42]):

After considering the various issues, I decided that cross-examination was not
necessary. It was clear from the affidavits that each party filed in support
of their own applications and in response to the other’s applications that the
relationship between the plaintiff and the directors was extremely
acrimonious. The burden of proving good faith was borne by the plaintiff. In
the present case, I was satisfied that she had discharged that burden by
affidavit and argument …

34 While Thean J did regard that it was “not necessary” for cross-examination
to take place in that case, this does not mean that the test to determine
cross-examination is one of “necessity”. To begin with, a test of “necessity”
begs the further question: necessary in what context? By itself, “necessity”
is a value-neutral concept that can only derive meaning from a consideration
of the context in which it is being used. Thus, having regard to the context
of an application for leave to commence a statutory derivative action, it will
be, for the reasons I have given above, very difficult to think of a case
where it is “necessary” to order a cross-examination.

35 Second, the applicants cited Agus Irawan in support of a “necessity” test.
However, I read Agus Irawan, especially at [6], as holding that it will be a
very rare instance where cross-examination is granted. I cannot see any way
else to read Choo JC’s statement of the legal principle (at [6]): “[t]hat is
what a prima facie legitimate or arguable case is all about. Leave to cross-
examine in such situations ought to be sparingly granted.”

36 Third, the applicants cited the High Court decision of Petroships
Investment Pte Ltd v Wealthplus Pte Ltd and others [2015] SGHC 145
(“Petroships”) in support of a “necessity” test. This was the only local case
the parties could find that had allowed cross-examination. However, the court
in that case did not explain why it had allowed for cross-examination. I
therefore found the case to be of limited assistance in shedding light on when
cross-examination should be ordered in the present context. In any event, as
Mr Alvin Lim, who appeared for the plaintiff, alluded to, both parties in
Petroships were cross-examined by each other. This hinted that the cross-
examination was by consent although there is no need to confirm this point.

37 For all these reasons, I disagreed with the applicants that the test in
deciding whether to order cross-examination is one of “necessity”. In
contrast, considering the discussion above, I held that it will be exceedingly
difficult for a court to order cross-examination in an application for leave
to commence a statutory derivative action. In fact, I would suggest that an
order for cross-examination is antithetical to the very nature of an
application for leave to commence a statutory derivative action. But I did not
discount the possibility that cross-examination can still be ordered, although
I cannot conceive of a concrete situation when this might be so.

Application of the principles to the present application

38 With these principles in mind, I turned to apply the three considerations
of (a) the nature of an application for leave to commence a statutory
derivative action; (b) the inevitable existence of disputes of facts in such
applications; and (c) that it would be exceedingly difficult for a court to
order cross-examination, to the present application. My application was
necessarily brief because I did not want to prejudge (or be seen to prejudge)
the merits of OS 779 itself.

39 In summary, I was of the view that the applicants’ application for cross-
examination in OS 779 should be dismissed. First, cross-examination at this
point is not needed considering the nature of an application for leave to
commence a statutory derivative action. As Choo JC stated in Agus Irawan, the
court need not and should not be drawn into an adjudication of the disputed
facts at the leave application stage. Yet, this is what the present
application, if granted, would amount to.

40 Second, if I granted the applicants’ request to cross-examine the
plaintiff, I would effectively be allowing them a rehearsal ahead of any
future trial brought in the name of the Company against the applicants. As
Prakash JC alluded to in Tan Sock Hian, this would not only be duplicative but
may also lead to oppressive effects.

41 Third, the applicants’ reason for the present application was essentially
to dispute the plaintiff’s version of events because they did not agree with
that version. As I stated earlier, it is inevitable that there will be
disputes of facts, some substantial, at the leave application stage. This
cannot be enough for cross-examination to be ordered. In my view, the
applicants had not shown anything beyond mere disputes of facts to warrant the
order of cross-examination.

42 For completeness, I also did not think it proper to order cross-examination
to ascertain the plaintiff’s credibility just because the plaintiff
(apparently) had taken different positions on certain matters. It seemed like
a stretch to say that the plaintiff was not credible on that basis alone.

43 Above all, even if there remained the exceptional possibility of cross-
examination being ordered at this leave application stage, I did not think
that the applicants’ grounds, which amounted to no more than a run-of-the-mill
dispute of the facts set out in competing affidavits, fell within any such
exception. Indeed, if I were to allow the applicants to cross-examine in this
case, it is hard to see how the courts can deny future requests for cross-
examinations in most applications for leave to commence a statutory derivative
action. This cannot be the case.

Conclusion

44 For all the reasons above, I therefore dismissed the present application
with costs.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Lim Jun Hao Alvin (Withers KhattarWong LLP) for the plaintiff;

Joseph Lopez, Tan Zhi Min Ashton, Kyle Yew Chang Mao and Chia Wei Chen
Pearline (Joseph Lopez LLP) for the first and second defendants;

The third defendant unrepresented and absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Sep 2022 (11:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

