Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

Criminal Case No 3 of 2022

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

CEP  
---  
  
Sentencing remarks

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Mitigation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

CEP

[2022] SGHC 15

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 3 of 2022  
Aedit Abdullah J  
13 January 2022

13 January 2022

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These are my brief remarks, outlining the broad reasons for my decision.
These remarks are subject to full grounds being given if need be. These
remarks are published in light of the adoption of the framework for
sentencing.

2 The accused is before me on his plea of guilt on a single charge under s
375(1)(a) read with s 375(2) and s 116 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed) of an offence of abetment by conspiracy to commit rape, where the rape did
not actually occur. Another charge for outrage of modesty under s 354(1) is
taken into consideration. The elements of the charge are made out on the facts
admitted. The focus of these remarks is on the sentence to be imposed.

3 I am satisfied in common with the parties here that guidance may be taken
from the framework laid down in Ng Kean Meng Terence v PP [2017] 2 SLR 449
(“Terence Ng”) for sentencing after trial in rape cases.

4 The Prosecution has suggested a reduction to a quarter of the equivalent
sentencing bands laid down in that case to take into account that the offence
here has reduced criminality because it is only for attempted rape. I accept
that the calibration should be to a quarter of the sentences indicated in
Terence Ng: the maximum sentence that can be imposed for attempted rape is 5
years’ imprisonment, as compared to 20 years for completed rape. In brief:

Band| Type of case| Length of imprisonment  
---|---|---  
1| No or minimal offence-specific aggravating factors| 2.5 to 3.25 years  
2| 2 or more offence-specific aggravating factors| 3.25 to 4.25 years  
3| Extremely serious cases| 4.25 to 5 years  
  
The application of this framework follows the usual approach, that is, the
offence-specific factors are tallied and weighed, before those factors
specific to the offender are examined.

Offence-specific factors

5 As noted by the Prosecution, the primary sentencing considerations here are
retribution and deterrence. The offence-specific factors identified by the
Prosecution are:

(a) Planning and premeditation.

(b) Vulnerability.

(c) Violation of the sanctity of the victim’s home.

(d) Exposure to the risk of sexual disease and pregnancy.

6 The offence was planned by the conspirator and the accused, and was not
committed on the spur of the moment. There is a greater degree of culpability
as compared to a spontaneous offence because such planning would involve
prolonged consideration of how the offence was to be carried out, and its
effect would generally be greater than that of a spontaneous act. However, I
do accept the argument by the Defence that the accused and the conspirator did
not conduct meticulous planning for the two years. What I can see from the
statement of facts is that there was perhaps a long gestation, but not
necessarily minute planning throughout that period.

7 I also accept that there was exploitation of the victim, who was in a
vulnerable state, as she was unconscious, naked and blindfolded. Such
exploitation of the victim’s vulnerability increases the level of criminality
and is much more blameworthy than otherwise.

8 To my mind, the fact the attempted rape occurred in the victim’s own home
was a consideration that should attract a substantial increase in the
sentence. The violation of the safe sanctuary that should be every home,
called for both retribution and deterrence. It is also substantially
aggravating that the attempted rape was committed in the matrimonial home,
pursuant to abetment involving the husband of the victim, which was an
exploitation and betrayal of a space that should have been safe for family
members.

9 However, as for the Prosecution’s argument that there was risk of exposure
to sexual diseases and pregnancy, while I accept that there was some risk,
given the circumstances of the offence, with the incomplete act, I did not
think this called for a substantial uplift here.

10 There is a diagnosis of the accused’s disposition towards erectile
dysfunction, but this did not render the criminal act an impossible attempt;
there was some possibility of penetration.

11 Taking all of these matters into account, I find that the starting point
for the sentence would be in the higher end of Band 2, that is closer to 4
years’ imprisonment. This reflects, in particular, that there was attempted
rape while the victim was unconscious and violation of the sanctity of the
matrimonial home.

Offender-specific factors

12 Turning then to the offender-specific factors, an uplift should also be
given because of the accused’s similar antecedents and the charge to be taken
into consideration. However, the effect of the antecedents would not be that
great, given that, as argued for by the Defence, this was not a case where the
accused reoffended after conviction. He had committed this offence before his
earlier conviction and sentence. And had the second charge here been proceeded
with instead, it would in all probability have been run concurrently under the
one transaction rule.

13 In the accused’s favour was his plea of guilt. I also took note here of the
confession given by the accused which was pressed for by the victim after the
incident. I also note that the accused was not the primary instigator, though
on the other hand, he was the one who committed the assault on the victim.

Calibration of the sentence

14 The Prosecution seeks a sentence of 2 to 3.5 years, while the Defence seeks
2 to 2.5 years.

15 Even putting aside the framework I have adopted, the sentence sought by the
Defence does not in my view adequately address the heightened criminality,
especially as regards the exploitation of the vulnerability of the victim and
the attack occurring in her home. Such a sentence would only be appropriate
where similar factors are absent.

16 As I have noted, the starting point was towards the higher end of Band 2,
or 4 years. Taking into account the plea of guilt but offsetting against it
the antecedents and the charge taken into consideration, I am of the view that
a sentence of 3 years’ imprisonment is appropriate, and so sentence the
accused.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court

Chee Ee Ling and Ang Siok Chen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Nakoorsha Bin Abdul Kadir, Michelle Tang and Rasveen Kaur (Nakoorsha Law
Corporation) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Jan 2022 (15:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

