Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the General Division of

  
The

high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHCR 2

HC/S 920 of 2017  
HC/SUM 5798 of 2021

Between

| DMX Technologies Group Ltd (in liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Deloitte & Touche LLP  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Discovery of Documents]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
DMX Technologies Group Ltd (in liquidation)

  

v

  

Deloitte & Touche LLP

[2022] SGHCR 2

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 920 of 2017 (Summons No 5798 of
2021)  
Justin Yeo AR  
9 February 2022

28 February 2022

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This is the Defendant’s application for an order that the action be struck
out pursuant to O 24 r 16 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of
Court”), unless the Plaintiff (a) complies with specific discovery orders
concerning the listing and inspection of documents; and (b) explains on
affidavit the reasons for breaching those orders and the steps taken by the
Plaintiff’s solicitors to supervise the discovery process.

2 I heard the application on 9 February 2022 and received clarificatory
submissions on a limited point on 18 February 2022. I decline to grant the
unless orders sought, but make three specific orders as stated in [41] below.

Background Facts

3 The Plaintiff, DMX Technologies Group Ltd (in liquidation) (“the Plaintiff”)
brought the present suit against the Defendant, Deloitte & Touche LLP (“the
Defendant”), for breach of contract and breach of duties owed under tort. On
23 July 2021, an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) made an order for specific
discovery against the Plaintiff (“the Discovery Order”), which provided as
follows:

1\. The Plaintiff do file and serve on the Defendant the following within 28
days from the date of the order made herein:

(a) A further supplementary list of documents (“SLOD”) enumerating all
documents relating to the 13 categories of documents listed in the Schedule
annexed herein that it has, or has had at any time in its possession, custody
or power, and if not presently in its possession, custody or power, to state
when it parted with the documents and what has become of these documents;

(b) An affidavit verifying the aforesaid SLOD (the “Verifying Affidavit").

2\. There be inspection of the originals (if any) of the documents listed in
the aforesaid SLOD within 14 days from the time the SLOD and Verifying
Affidavit are served on the Defendant;

3\. The Plaintiff is to provide to the Defendant at the time of service of the
aforesaid SLOD and Verifying Affidavit, copies of the documents listed in the
SLOD which are presently in the Plaintiff’s possession, custody or power; and

4\. The costs of and incidental to this application shall be fixed at S$5,000
(all-in) to be paid by the Plaintiff to the Defendant.

4 The Plaintiff appealed against the Discovery Order to a Judge of the General
Division of the High Court (“the Judge”). The Judge dismissed the appeal on 30
September 2021 and ordered the Plaintiff to comply with the Discovery Order by
28 October 2021.

5 On 28 October 2021, the Plaintiff filed and served the Plaintiff’s 4th
Supplementary List of Documents (“P4SLOD”) and an affidavit verifying the
P4SLOD (“Verifying Affidavit”), purportedly in compliance with paragraph 1 of
the Discovery Order. The Plaintiff listed documents in Categories 1, 9, 11, 12
and 13 of the Schedule to the Discovery Order and explained in the Verifying
Affidavit that it was not aware of any documents in the remaining categories.
The Plaintiff did not provide copies of the documents listed in P4SLOD at the
time of service of P4SLOD and the Verifying Affidavit.

6 The descriptions in P4SLOD were as follows:

S/No.| Date| Description (copies unless otherwise stated)  
---|---|---  
A. CATEGORY 1  
1.| Undated| General Ledgers of DMX Technologies (Hong Kong) Limited and DMX
Technologies (Macao Commercial Offshore) Company Limited for FY2008 – FY2015  
B. CATEGORY 9  
2.| Undated| Sales and Purchase Ledgers of DMX Technologies (Hong Kong)
Limited and DMX Technologies (Macao Commercial Offshore) Company Limited for
FY2008 – FY2015  
C. CATEGORY 11  
3.| Various| Contracts, Invoices, Purchase Orders, Goods Received Notes, Sales
Order Forms, Delivery Notes, Project Cost Analyses, Journal Entries and Offset
Instructions in relation to Transactions in Question entered into between
FY2007 and FY2012  
D. CATEGORY 12  
4.| Various| Correspondence and/or communications with PWC, including but not
limited to:(a) correspondence and/or communications in relation to the
engagement of PWC for a review of the Plaintiff’s existing risk management
processes referred to at paragraph 7 of the SOC;(b) instructions given to PWC;
and(c) any terms on which PWC was engaged by the Company and/or its
subsidiaries  
E. CATEGORY 13  
5.| Various| Cause papers filed in HCA 896/2016  
  
7 Various exchanges of correspondence ensued between the parties’ solicitors.
On 31 October 2021, the Defendant’s solicitors requested softcopies of the
documents within the various categories listed in P4SLOD. On 1 November 2021,
the Plaintiff’s solicitors informed the Defendant’s solicitors that the
Plaintiff was compiling the softcopies and that the originals were located
overseas (ie in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“HKSAR”)). On 3
November 2021, the Defendant’s solicitors highlighted to the Plaintiff’s
solicitors that (a) the Plaintiff failed to sufficiently enumerate documents
in P4SLOD; (b) the Plaintiff failed to produce softcopies of the documents
ostensibly listed in P4SLOD; and (c) the Defendant wished to inspect originals
of the documents. On 5 November 2021, the Defendant’s solicitors reiterated
the Defendant’s positions on the issues above, but there was no response from
the Plaintiff’s solicitors.

8 On 8 November 2021, six working days after the 28 October 2021 deadline, the
Plaintiff’s solicitors provided softcopies of the documents to the Defendant’s
solicitors. These softcopy documents were organised in folders, with each
document bearing a detailed filename (see a simplified representative
schematic in the appended table). According to the Plaintiff, the additional
six working days were required to organise the documents in this manner, “to
enable the Defendant to clearly see what documents were being disclosed”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraph 16.

This included, in relation to the documents in S/No 3 of P4SLOD, “organis[ing]
documents connected to individual transactions into Portable Document Format
Files, and then label[ing] them according to the corresponding transaction
numbers”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraph 16.

P4SLOD > A. Category 1 > 1\. General Ledgers  
---  
Type| Name  
PDF| General Ledger of DMX HK for FY 2008.pdf  
XLS| General Ledger of DMX HK for FY2009.xls  
PDF| General Ledger of DMX HK for FY2010.pdf  
…| …  
P4SLOD > B. Category 9 > 2\. Sales and Purchase Ledgers  
XLS| Sales and Purchase Ledger of DMX HK for FY2008.xls  
XLS| Sales and Purchase Ledger of DMX HK for FY2009.xls  
XLS| Sales and Purchase Ledger of DMX HK for FY2010.xls  
…| …  
P4SLOD > C. Category 11 > 3\. Documents in relation to Transactions in
Question  
PDF| Offset Instructions.pdf  
PDF| SO 07HK192.pdf  
PDF| SO 07HK204.pdf  
…| …  
P4SLOD > D. Category 12 > 4. Correspondence with PWC  
MSG| 20130610 – Email from Skip Tang to Sharon Chow.msg  
MSG| 20130715 – Email from Benson Leung to Astor Cheung.msg  
MSG| 20130628 – Email from Astor Cheung to Eric Tse.msg  
…| …  
P4SLOD > E. Category 13 > 5. Cause papers filed in HCA 896 of 2016  
PDF| 20160407 – Writ of Summons.pdf  
PDF| 20160714 – Amended Writ of Summons.pdf  
PDF| 20160914 – Statement of Claim.pdf  
…| …  
  
9 On 15 December 2021, the Defendant brought the present application, seeking
an order that the action be struck out pursuant to O 24 r 16 of the Rules of
Court unless, within seven days, the Plaintiff:

(a) complies with paragraph 1 of the Discovery Order by filing and serving on
the Defendant a supplementary list of documents (“SLOD”) enumerating all
documents relating to categories 1, 9, 11, 12 and 13 listed in the Schedule to
the Discovery Order;

(b) complies with paragraph 2 of the Discovery Order by providing inspection
of the originals (if any) of the documents listed in the aforesaid SLOD; and

(c) explains on affidavit why the Plaintiff acted in breach of the Discovery
Order, and the steps taken by the Plaintiff’s solicitors to discharge their
duties to the Court to supervise the discovery process.

Issues

10 Based on the written submissions and oral arguments, the key issues arising
in this application are:

(a) whether the Plaintiff had complied with paragraph 1 of the Discovery Order
given the manner in which the Plaintiff enumerated and described documents in
P4SLOD (“the Enumeration and Description Issue”);

(b) whether the Plaintiff had complied with paragraph 2 of the Discovery Order
concerning inspection of the originals (if any) of the documents listed in
P4SLOD (“the Inspection Issue”);

(c) whether the Plaintiff’s solicitors had complied with their duty to
supervise the discovery process (“the Duty Issue”); and

(d) whether any unless order should be made (“the Unless Order Issue”).

The Enumeration and Description Issue

Relevant Law and Principles

11 Order 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court provides:

3.—(1) A list of documents made in compliance with an order under Rule 1 must
be in Form 37, and must enumerate the documents in a convenient order and as
shortly as possible but describing each of them or, in the case of bundles of
documents of the same nature, each bundle, sufficiently to enable it to be
identified.

12 Plaintiff’s counsel contended that P4SLOD was properly listed in the manner
shown at [6] above, because the documents in each category were “bundles of
documents of the same nature” for the purposes of O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of
Court. Defendant’s counsel disagreed, arguing that the various categories
listed in P4SLOD were not reasonably understood as “bundles of documents” for
the purposes of the rule. Both sets of counsel relied solely on Lee Shieh-Peen
Clement v Ho Chin Nguang [2010] 3 SLR 807 (“Lee Shieh-Peen Clement”) as the
relevant case authority.

13 In Lee Shieh-Peen Clement, the relevant accounts for each period were
compiled in a loose-leaf manner and bound in a booklet, with the contents for
each relevant period relating to financial transactions including receipts,
invoices and payment particulars. The party giving discovery listed the items
as shown in the following table:

101.| July 2007| Accounts for the month of July 2007 (159 pages)| Original  
---|---|---|---  
102.| September-October 2007| Accounts for the month of September to October
2007 (191 pages)| Original  
103.| November 2007| Accounts for the month of November 2007 (276 pages)|
Original  
  
14 The party seeking discovery contended that a further and better list of
documents ought to be provided because, in contravention of O 24 r 3(1) of the
Rules of Court, the bundles did not contain documents of the same nature and
the descriptions of the bundles were insufficient for the documents to be
identified. The party seeking discovery sought an order for the party giving
discovery to further elaborate upon the listed items by listing every invoice
and receipt in each period’s account book.

15 The court noted that enumerating and describing bundles of documents was an
exception to the usual practice of listing individual documents (Lee Shieh-
Peen Clement at [7]). On the facts of the case, the court observed that the
account books were originals of the accounts for the relevant periods and, “as
would be expected”, contained a compilation of all receipts and invoices
constituting the accounts (ibid at [12]). The court rejected the submission
that receipts and invoices were “necessarily diverse documents (though dealing
with the same subject-matter or transactions) that do not come within the
exception” (ibid; and see [17(c)] below). The court concluded that the
enumeration and description of the three bundles constituted accurate and
adequate descriptions of the contents and periods of the items in question,
and therefore sufficiently complied with O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court.

16 I explore in greater detail the principles relating to enumerating and
describing bundles for the purposes of O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court. The
starting point is that O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court requires a party
providing a list of documents for the purposes of discovery to “enumerate the
documents in a convenient order”, “describing each of them… sufficiently to
enable it to be identified”. Proper listing of documents enables (a) the other
party to ascertain and request for those he or she wishes to inspect; and (b)
the court to determine whether the parties have complied with their discovery
obligations and, if necessary, to make certain orders (including orders for
production) in relation to the listed documents. See Singapore Civil Procedure
2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull SC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) (“Singapore Civil
Procedure 2021”) at paragraph 24/3/3 and Singapore Court Practice 2021
(Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2021) (“Singapore Court Practice
2021”) at paragraph 24/3/2. Compliance with the rule thus goes towards
ensuring the conduct of litigation in an efficient, economical, and
expeditious manner that is consistent with doing justice between the parties
(see Lee Shieh-Peen Clement at [11]; for convenience, referred to hereinafter
as the “Ideal”).

17 As each case differs from the next and the discovery process must be
tailored to the case at hand, it is difficult to provide formulaic guidance on
when enumerating and describing bundles (in lieu of listing individual
documents) is justified. However, I make four broad observations:

(a) First, listing individual documents generally affords the greatest
granularity and clarity, and best conduces to precision in future referencing.
The usual practice is for documents to be listed individually, with
enumerating and describing bundles of documents being an exception (see Lee
Shieh-Peen Clement at [7]). If a party giving discovery chooses to enumerate
and describe bundles instead of listing individual documents, it must be
prepared to provide adequate justification for doing so should the issue arise
(as in the present application). This it may do by demonstrating that in the
circumstances of the case (eg the disputed issues, the number or types of
documents at hand, etc), enumerating and describing bundles would facilitate
the abovementioned Ideal.

(b) Second, the reference to “convenient order” in O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of
Court refers to the convenience of the court and all parties involved in the
litigation process. A party giving discovery should not enumerate and describe
bundles solely on the basis of its own convenience (eg its unwillingness to
invest time and effort in properly listing or organising the documents).

(c) Third, O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court provides that enumerating and
describing bundles is limited to the situation where the documents are “of the
same nature” (emphasis added). In Lee Shieh-Peen Clement, the court cited
Singapore Civil Procedure 2007 (GP Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007)
at paragraph 24/3/5 for the proposition that “[d]iverse documents though
dealing with the same subject-matter or transaction and filed or bundled
together do not come within the exception”. While the court did not elaborate
on the meaning of “diverse documents”, the decision in Lee Shieh-Peen Clement
itself (see [15] above) makes clear that the mere fact that a bundle contains
different types of documents does not necessarily mean that the documents are
considered “diverse documents” falling outside the exception. Indeed, the
court held that these different document types constituted “documents of the
same nature” (Lee Shieh-Peen Clement at [12]). The diversity referred to,
therefore, relates to the nature rather than the type of documents. Put
another way, documents of different types can come within the exception, so
long as they are of the same nature for the purposes of the case at hand.

(d) Fourth, O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court requires that each bundle of
documents be sufficiently described. In Lee Shieh-Peen Clement at [11], the
court referred to DCH Legal Group v Skevington [2001] WADC 116 at [8] for the
observation that the description of each bundle must “accurately and
adequately [describe] its contents and [specify] the dates between which the
correspondence was produced”.

18 I mention for completeness that in the context of electronic discovery (ie
the discovery of electronic copies of electronically stored documents), the
court may dispense with the listing of individual documents, and instead order
that each party provide “a meaningful description… for each category or sub-
category in the list of documents” (see paragraph 53(2)(e) of the Supreme
Court Practice Directions). However, I say no more about this because Part V
of the Supreme Court Practice directions does not apply to the present case
(see paragraph 44(1) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions).

Decision

19 I turn now to the present facts. On perusal of P4SLOD and the types of
documents contained therein, there is scant justification for the Plaintiff to
proceed by describing the five categories of documents as five bundles,
instead of listing individual documents falling within each category. I am
unable to see how enumerating and describing bundles instead of listing
individual documents in the present case would help to achieve the Ideal.
Indeed, the difficulties that immediately spring to mind include the
Defendant’s difficulty in making pinpoint references to specific documents
that it wishes to inspect, and the court’s difficulty in determining if the
individual documents are properly described (notwithstanding their detailed
filenames). It would certainly be no mean feat to make precise references to
the documents in the course of litigation without a proper and detailed
listing. These observations are buttressed by the fact that the Plaintiff and
its solicitors – on their own volition, it should be emphasised – took pains
(and six additional working days) to carefully set out a softcopy folder
hierarchy and provide detailed file-naming of the documents therein. Having
already performed the considerably more time-consuming task of providing a
softcopy folder hierarchy with documents bearing detailed individual
filenames, I see no reason why the Plaintiff maintains its position that
enumerating and describing bundles is sufficient in this case. Indeed, given
the detailed file naming, the Plaintiff can easily leverage readily available
software shortcuts and solutions to assist in extracting and listing the
individual documents properly, although more details may have to be provided
in the eventual list to meet the requirement of describing each item
sufficiently for the purposes of O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court.

20 It appears to me that the Plaintiff filed P4SLOD in its present form
because it required more time to organise the detailed listing of individual
documents. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraph 21.

If so, the proper course of action would have been to seek an extension of
time instead of enumerating and describing bundles simply to meet the 28
October 2021 deadline. The Plaintiff should not rely solely on its own
convenience – ie, filing a generic list to meet a deadline or to avoid having
to seek an extension of time from the court – to justify enumerating and
describing bundles instead of listing individual documents (see [17(b)]
above).

21 As there is no justification for enumerating and describing bundles in this
case, and doing so does not facilitate achievement of the Ideal, I find that
P4SLOD does not comply with O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court. For
completeness, however, I go on to consider whether the documents within the
five bundles are “of the same nature”. In this regard, I would have been
prepared to find that the bundles described in S/No 1, 2, 4 and 5 of P4SLOD
contain documents “of the same nature”. However, there are complications with
the bundle described in S/No 3 of P4SLOD.

22 Within S/No 3 of P4SLOD, each individual softcopy Portable Document Format
(“PDF”) file was a composite file comprising discrete documents. These “mini
bundles” were (save for one, on which, see [24] below) identified by unique
transaction numbers in their PDF filenames. Each PDF file contained various
documents (eg contracts, invoices, purchase orders) purportedly connected to
the transaction identified in the filename. The documents in each “mini
bundle” appeared to be discrete hardcopy documents that were scanned into
softcopy and furnished to the Plaintiff’s liquidators. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraph 12(c).

The Plaintiff’s liquidators and solicitors thereafter compiled the scanned
documents into composite PDF files (including organising the documents and
removing duplicates) for the purposes of giving discovery. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraph 12(c).

Plaintiff’s counsel explained that the discrete documents in each “mini
bundle” were “of the same nature” as they were supporting documents for
various transactions that were the subject matter of the suit. Plaintiff’s
counsel further submitted that if the documents had been listed individually
in sub-categories according to document type (eg contracts, invoices, purchase
orders), time and costs would have to be incurred by the parties and the court
to re-organise the documents in accordance with each transaction. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Letter from Plaintiff’s counsel (dated 18 February 2022), at paragraph 12.

23 I accept the Plaintiff’s position that listing documents in sub-categories
according to document types may not be the most efficient given the
circumstances of the present case. However, the proper approach would be to
list individual documents and organise these by sub-categories based on
specific transactions, which is – in effect – what the Plaintiff has done
(save that the Plaintiff compiled them as “mini bundles” and omitted to
itemise the documents therein). Listing documents in this manner will
facilitate achieving the Ideal in the present case. Otherwise, possible
confusion may arise, and further time and costs will be incurred, each time
the court or the parties wishes to refer to a specific document within a “mini
bundle”.

24 There was one PDF file within S/No 3 of P4SLOD that was not identified by a
transaction number. Instead, it bore the filename “Offset Instructions.pdf”.
The rationale for bundling these documents together in a composite PDF file is
unclear. It is also unclear why these documents are said to be “of the same
nature”. The individual documents ought to be listed individually, possibly
under a suitable sub-category, and with a proper description of each document.

25 To conclude on the Enumeration and Description Issue, I find that the
Plaintiff has failed to comply with paragraph 1 of the Discovery Order. I
therefore order that the Plaintiff is to comply with paragraph 1 of the
Discovery Order by filing and serving on the Defendant a fresh SLOD and
Verifying Affidavit within 21 days of this order. The fresh SLOD is to comply
with the requirements in O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court.

The Inspection Issue

26 Paragraph 2 of the Discovery Order provides for inspection of the originals
(if any) of the documents listed in P4SLOD within 14 days from the time P4SLOD
and the Verifying Affidavit are served on the Defendant.

27 In the “Notice to Inspect” found within P4SLOD, the Plaintiff stated that
the documents listed in Part 1 of P4SLOD may be inspected at the office of the
Plaintiff’s solicitors by prior appointment between 10am and 4pm. However, in
Part 1 of P4SLOD, the Plaintiff listed the documents as “copies unless
otherwise stated”. In other words, the Plaintiff’s position was that it would
provide inspection only of copies in Singapore. While one possible argument
may be that this technically constitutes a breach of paragraph 2 of the
Discovery Order (as there is no stated offer for the inspection of originals),
the parties did not proceed on this basis. Instead, they crossed swords on the
Plaintiff’s indication that it would provide the inspection of originals in
HKSAR.

28 The Plaintiff explained that it had offered the inspection of originals in
HKSAR due to numerous practical difficulties in bringing the originals to
Singapore, namely: (a) the originals are within the purview of the liquidators
of a related HKSAR company; (b) the originals are relevant to ongoing legal
proceedings in HKSAR; and (c) it is not feasible for the Plaintiff to incur
the hefty costs of shipping the voluminous originals to Singapore when the
Defendant has not disputed the authenticity of any of the documents and has
not identified exactly which originals it wishes to inspect. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraphs 9 and
18.

The Plaintiff’s position was that the Defendant should make arrangements to
inspect the originals in HKSAR 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraph 17.

or identify exactly which documents it disputes the authenticity of and wishes
to inspect. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraph 23.

In this regard, Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the Defendant had failed to
demonstrate the prejudice it would suffer if it was required to inspect the
originals in HKSAR, or that a fair trial would not be possible if the
originals were not brought to Singapore for inspection. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (dated 7 February 2022) at paragraphs 22 and
24.

29 In response, Defendant’s counsel relied on O 24 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules of
Court (which was one of the stated grounds for the present application), and
argued that offering inspection in HKSAR was unreasonable in the light of the
prevailing COVID-19 pandemic and the attendant travel restrictions for in-
bound travellers to HKSAR from Singapore. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Yeong (dated 15 December 2021) at paragraph 30(c).

The Defendant also explained that it had to inspect the originals as this “may
be relevant to determine issues such as whether there are wet-ink signatures,
seals, or any indication of forgery”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Yeong (dated 15 December 2021) at paragraph 31.

Relevant Law and Principles

30 The relevant provisions are O 24 rr 11(1) and 13(1) of the Rules of Court,
which provide as follows:

Order for production for inspection (O. 24, r. 11)

11.—(1) If a party who is required by Rule 9 to serve such a notice as is
therein mentioned or who is served with a notice under Rule 10(1) —

(a) fails to serve a notice under Rule 9 or, as the case may be, Rule 10(2);

(b) objects to produce any document for inspection; or

(c) offers inspection at a time or place such that, in the opinion of the
Court, it is unreasonable to offer inspection then or, as the case may be,
there,

then, subject to Rule 13(1), the Court may, on the application of the party
entitled to inspection, make an order in Form 42 for the production of the
documents in question for inspection at such time and place, and in such
manner, as it thinks fit.

…

Production to be ordered only if necessary, etc. (O. 24, r. 13)

13.—(1) No order for the production of any documents for inspection or to the
Court shall be made under any of the foregoing Rules unless the Court is of
the opinion that the order is necessary either for disposing fairly of the
cause or matter or for saving costs.

…

31 In relation to the time and place for inspection, the parties are expected
to agree to a reasonable time and place, which is usually during office hours
at the office of the solicitor of the party offering inspection (Singapore
Court Practice 2021, at paragraph 24/11/1).

32 If the time or place stated is unreasonable, the court may order inspection
at a different time or place (O 24 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules of Court). However,
this is subject to the overarching consideration of whether production of the
document for inspection is necessary “either for disposing fairly of the cause
or matter or for saving costs” (O 24 r 13(1) of the Rules of Court). As
observed by the learned author of Singapore Court Practice 2021 (at paragraph
24/13/1), O 24 r 13(1) of the Rules of Court “imposes a paramount condition”
in respect of the production of a document.

Decision

33 In the present case, the Defendant has not controverted the practical
difficulties cited by the Plaintiff concerning conveying the originals to
Singapore. In addition, the Defendant’s need to examine the originals is
motivated by the need to detect forgery – in particular, to consider potential
issues with documents bearing wet-ink signatures or seals (see [29] above). In
the circumstances, the necessity requirement in O 24 r 13(1) of the Rules of
Court is best met by adopting a calibrated approach in relation to the time
and place for the production of originals for inspection, as follows:

(a) The Plaintiff is to provide inspection of the originals of the documents
in S/No 3 of P4SLOD, limited to those which exist in their original form in
hardcopy (including, for the avoidance of doubt, documents with wet-ink
signatures and seals, electronic documents which were printed out and
annotated, etc), at the office of the Plaintiff’s solicitors, at a reasonable
time to be agreed by parties. Failing agreement, either party is at liberty to
apply to the court for directions.

(b) For all other documents, it is unclear why the production of originals for
inspection in Singapore is necessary for fairly disposing of the cause or
matter, or for saving costs in the present suit. Many of the documents
mentioned in S/No 1, 2 and 4 of P4SLOD appear to exist originally in
electronic format (eg PDF, Microsoft Excel spreadsheets (*.xls) or Microsoft
Outlook email (*.msg)). In any event, it is unclear what possible forgery-
related issues the Defendant is concerned with in relation to these documents.
Likewise, it is difficult to see why it is necessary to inspect the original
cause papers filed in HKSAR court proceedings (see S/No 5 of P4SLOD) and what
authenticity-related issues the Defendant surmises will arise out of these. In
the circumstances, should the Defendant wish to inspect originals falling
outside [33(a)], the Plaintiff is to provide inspection of the originals at a
reasonable time and place to be agreed by the parties, failing which at the
Plaintiff’s or its representative’s offices in HKSAR at a reasonable time to
be agreed by the parties. Failing agreement, either party is at liberty to
apply to the court for directions.

The Duty Issue

34 The Defendant sought an order that an explanation be made on affidavit on
the conduct of the Plaintiff and its solicitors in relation to the failure to
provide copies of the documents at the time of service of P4SLOD, and the
steps taken by the Plaintiff’s solicitors to discharge their duty to supervise
the discovery process. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 7 February 2022) at paragraph 40.

The Defendant provided two reasons for seeking this order:

(a) First, the Plaintiff has not explained the failure to provide copies of
the documents at the time of service of P4SLOD and the Verifying Affidavit. If
the Plaintiff’s solicitors had the relevant documents in softcopy and had
reviewed the documents prior to the filing of P4SLOD, they would have been
able to provide copies of the same. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 7 February 2022) at paragraph 42.

(b) Second, given that the originals of the documents are in HKSAR, it is
unclear how the Plaintiff’s solicitors went through the documents to ensure
that no documents were omitted. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 7 February 2022) at paragraph 43.

There is a possibility that the Plaintiff was left to simply decide on its own
what documents it wished to provide to its solicitors. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 7 February 2022) at paragraph 46.

The Plaintiff’s solicitors may therefore have breached their duty to supervise
discovery (citing Teo Wai Cheong v Credit Industriel et Commercial and another
appeal [2013] 3 SLR 573 (“Teo Wai Cheong”) at [43] to [49]).

35 I do not think that these are sufficient reasons to warrant the order
sought by the Defendant. I acknowledge that the Plaintiff has technically
breached paragraph 3 of the Discovery Order by failing to provide the copies
of the documents on 28 October 2021 or to seek an extension of time to do so.
However, the Plaintiff has provided an explanation for this delay (see [8]
above) and stated on affidavit that the Plaintiff’s solicitors had reviewed
the documents prior to the filing of P4SLOD. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (dated 12 January 2022) at paragraph 20.

36 In Teo Wai Cheong, when considering the practical applications of a
solicitor’s duty in discovery, the Court of Appeal cited a passage from Myers
v Elman [1940] AC 282, as follows:

He is at an early stage of the proceedings engaged in putting before the Court
on the oath of his client information which may afford evidence at the trial.
Obviously he must explain to his client what is the meaning of relevance: and
equally obviously he must not necessarily be satisfied by the statement of his
client that he has no documents or no more than he chooses to disclose. If he
has reasonable ground for supposing that there are others, he must investigate
the matter; but he need not go beyond taking reasonable steps to ascertain the
truth. He is not the ultimate judge, and if he reasonably decides to believe
his client, criticism cannot be directed to him. [emphasis added in Teo Wai
Cheong]

37 On the facts of Teo Wai Cheong, the party in question had breached its
discovery obligations by failing to disclose certain evidence. In those
circumstances, the Court of Appeal invited the party to consider waiving
privilege and disclosing the legal advice it received in relation to discovery
(Teo Wai Cheong at [46]). The Court of Appeal also took the view that the
documents that the party had failed to disclose appeared to be the sort that
would likely have emerged had the party’s solicitors taken the necessary steps
in relation to discovery (see Teo Wai Cheong at [49]).

38 In contrast, in the present case, there is no indication or finding made
that the Plaintiff had failed to disclose any documents. The Defendant’s main
concern relates to precisely how the Plaintiff’s solicitors supervised the
discovery process given that the originals of the documents were in HKSAR, but
the Defendant was unable to provide any basis (beyond suspicion and
speculation) for suggesting that the Plaintiff’s solicitors had failed to
provide the necessary supervision, or that the Plaintiff’s solicitors had
failed to investigate when there was reasonable ground for supposing that the
disclosed documents were inadequate. As such, I decline to grant the order
sought, without prejudice to the Defendant’s right to apply afresh if any non-
disclosure has been positively identified.

The Unless Order Issue

39 It is well established that an unless order, particularly one with the
effect that an entire action be struck out, is an order of last resort when
the defaulter’s conduct is inexcusable (see Mitora Pte Ltd v Agritrade
International (Pte) Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 1179 (“Mitora”) at [45(a)]). The
conditions appended to an unless order should, as far as possible, be tailored
to the prejudice which would be suffered should there be non-compliance
(Mitora at [45(b)]). As explained in Mitora at [46], the “draconian sanction
of striking out a litigant’s claim… in its entirety should not be the default
consequence of an ‘unless order’ as it would effectively deprive the litigant
of its substantive rights on account of a procedural fault” (emphasis in
original).

40 In the present case, there is simply no evidence that the Plaintiff has
routinely or repeatedly failed to comply with orders, or that the Plaintiff’s
conduct is inexcusable. The Defendant also did not attempt to tailor the order
sought to the prejudice suffered in the event of non-compliance. The
Defendant’s seeking of an unless order with the effect that the Plaintiff’s
action be struck out upon non-compliance is, to adapt language from Mitora at
[44], an attempt to crack a walnut with a sledgehammer. I therefore decline to
make any unless order in the present case.

Conclusion

41 For the foregoing reasons, I decline to grant the unless orders sought.
Instead, I make the following orders:

(a) The Plaintiff is to comply with paragraph 1 of the Discovery Order by
filing and serving on the Defendant a fresh SLOD and Verifying Affidavit
within 21 days of this order. The fresh SLOD is to comply with the
requirements in O 24 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court.

(b) The Plaintiff is to provide inspection of the originals of the documents
in S/No 3 of P4SLOD, limited to those which exist in their original form in
hardcopy (including, for the avoidance of doubt, documents with wet-ink
signatures and seals, electronic documents which were printed out and
annotated, etc), at the office of the Plaintiff’s solicitors, at a reasonable
time to be agreed by parties. Failing agreement, either party is at liberty to
apply to the court for directions.

(c) For all other documents, should the Defendant wish to inspect originals,
the Plaintiff is to provide inspection of the originals at a reasonable time
and place to be agreed by the parties, failing which at the Plaintiff’s or
their representative’s offices in HKSAR at a reasonable time to be agreed by
the parties. Failing agreement, either party is at liberty to apply to the
court for directions.

42 I will hear parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Ms Premalatha Silwaraju and Ms Joelle Tan  
(M/s Drew & Napier LLC) for the Plaintiff.  
Mr Niklas Wong and Mr Uday Duggal  
(M/s TSMP Law Corporation) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Mar 2022 (19:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

