Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 191

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9140 of 2022

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Appellant

And

| Yeduvaka Mali Naidu  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Workplace Safety and Health Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Yeduvaka Mali Naidu

[2022] SGHC 191

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9140 of 2022  
Vincent Hoong J  
10 August 2022

10 August 2022 .

Vincent Hoong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The respondent pleaded guilty to one charge under s 15(3), punishable under
s 50(a) of the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“WSHA”) for recklessly doing an act which endangered the safety or health of
himself or others by allowing an untrained forklift operator, one Shanmugam
Sivarasu (“Shanmugam”) to operate a forklift which had faulty brakes (“the K
Forklift”). This endangered the safety of persons working at the work site and
resulted in the death of a co-worker.

2 Shanmugam was similarly charged with and pleaded guilty to an offence under
s 15(3), punishable under s 50(a) of the WSHA for operating the K Forklift
without attaining the relevant training to do so and with knowledge that the
brakes of the K Forklift were faulty.

3 The District Judge (“the DJ”) sentenced Shanmugam to 11 months’ imprisonment
and the respondent to an imprisonment term of 7 months.

Background facts

4 The detailed facts surrounding the respondent’s offence can be found in the
DJ’s grounds of decision at Public Prosecutor v Yeduvaka Mali Naidu [2022]
SGDC 173. For present purposes, it suffices to note the following.

5 The respondent was employed by Chye Joo Marine Pte Ltd since 6 May 2013 to
perform grit blasting and painting works at a shipyard (“the Shipyard”). In
this connection, he operated forklifts and supervised the work of other
workers.

6 On 26 May 2019, six employees – including the respondent, Shanmugam and the
deceased – were assigned to work at the Shipyard. The team began spray
painting a vessel at about 9.00am. At about 3.00pm, the respondent sought
permission from one Velu Prakashraj (“Velu”), employee of Asia-Pacific
Shipyard Pte Ltd (the operator of the Shipyard) (“APS”) to use a forklift
(which was distinct from the K Forklift) (“the M Forklift”). Velu allowed the
respondent to use the M Forklift as he knew the respondent was a certified
forklift operator but cautioned the respondent that the brakes of the M
Forklift were not effective.

7 Separately, at about 5.00pm, the respondent wanted to seek permission to use
the K Forklift (which similarly had faulty brakes). However, as none of the
APS employees were present at the Shipyard and the respondent knew that he
could start the engine to the K Forklift without an ignition key, he used his
locker key to ignite and operate the K Forklift.

8 The respondent and Shanmugam subsequently used the K Forklift to transfer
spray painting equipment. Sometime after 5.40pm, Shanmugam attempted to
transport a blasting pot using the K Forklift. In his attempt to elevate the
height of the forks of the K Forklift to lift the blasting pot, Shanmugam
erroneously stepped on the accelerator of the K Forklift (while the K Forklift
was in forward, rather than neutral gear).

9 This caused the K Forklift to crash through the guardrail along the edge of
a slipway and fall onto the slipway, resulting in minor injuries to one
Subramaniam and the death of a co-worker.

10 Investigations subsequently revealed that (a) Shanmugam was not certified,
trained and competent to operate a forklift; (b) the respondent had allowed
Shanmugam to operate forklifts on multiple occasions knowing that Shanmugam
lacked the qualifications to do so; and (c) the respondent knew that the
brakes of the K Forklift were faulty.

The decision below

11 The DJ considered that the two-stage sentencing framework set out in Mao
Xuezhong v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2020] 5 SLR 580 (“Mao”)
pertaining to offences under s 15(3A) of the WSHA (involving negligent acts)
could be modified to deal with wilful or reckless acts under s 15(3) of the
WSHA and that the factors relevant to harm and culpability set out at [64(a)]
of Mao were equally relevant to cases involving s 15(3) of the WSHA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Grounds of Decision (“GD”) at [74]–[76].

12 She found that the level of harm (both actual and potential) disclosed in
the present case (as well as in the case involving Shanmugam) was high as it
resulted in the death of a worker and minor injuries to Subramaniam and
involved an untrained individual operating moving and heavy machinery in a
confined workplace. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

GD at [80]–[82].

13 Whilst the DJ placed Shanmugam’s culpability at the upper end of moderate,
she assessed the respondent’s culpability to be at the lower end of moderate.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

GD at [97]–[99].

In particular, she found that the respondent was less culpable than Shanmugam
given that (a) Shanmugam had committed an additional unsafe and reckless act,
namely in operating the K Forklift in a manner which resulted in the fatal
accident; (b) the respondent’s reckless act of permitting Shanmugam to operate
the forklift was distinct from the accident caused by Shanmugam; (c) the
accident arose because Shanmugam mistakenly stepped on the acceleration pedal
(which had nothing to do with the faulty brakes and which could have still
occurred if a trained individual operated the K Forklift); (d) the respondent
did not instruct Shanmugam to operate the K Forklift in a reckless manner or
deviate from the usual safety procedure; and (e) it was too onerous to expect
the respondent to have refused to comply with instructions to perform the
works using forklifts with faulty brakes. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at [100]–[121].

14 For completeness, the DJ considered that unlike Mao where “the entire
unsafe system of works was permitted by the supervisor and this unsafe system
of works had directly caused the death of or harm to a worker”, the accident
in the present case can be directly traced to the acts of Shanmugam. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD at [122]–[124].

15 Following from the above, the DJ assessed the indicative starting sentence
for the respondent to be ten months’ imprisonment and, after considering the
respondent’s plea of guilt and co-operation with the authorities, arrived at a
final sentence of seven months’ imprisonment. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

GD at [133]–[134].

As noted earlier, she sentenced Shanmugam to 11 months’ imprisonment.

The parties’ submissions

The appellant’s submissions

16 The appellant submits that the respondent’s sentence of 7 months’
imprisonment is both wrong in principle and manifestly inadequate and should
be enhanced to at least 11 months’ imprisonment.

17 The central plank to the appellant’s submissions is that the DJ failed to
appreciate that – in instructing Shanmugam to operate the K Forklift knowing
that the K Forklift had faulty brakes and Shanmugam was not competent to
operate the forklift – the respondent’s culpability should be at least on par
with Shanmugam’s culpability. In so far as the respondent’s act of permitting
Shanmugam to operate the forklift cannot be artificially divorced from
Shanmugam’s subsequent mishandling of the forklift, the DJ accorded too much
weight to the fact that the respondent was not the proximate cause of the
incident. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Appellant’s Submissions dated 5 August 2022 (“AS”) at [33]–[50].

18 In this connection, the DJ’s finding cuts against parliamentary intent
animating the WSHA, viz, that supervisors have a crucial role to play and need
to lead by example and ensure the safety of their workers as well as the High
Court’s observations in Mao and Nurun Novi Saydur Rahman v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal [2019] 3 SLR 413 (“Nurun”) that a supervisor is expected to
be responsible for the safety of the workers under him and may be found to be
of greater culpability when he commits breaches of the WSHA. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AS at [36]–[41].

The appellant submits that the DJ’s decision may lead to rank-and-file workers
suffering heavier penalties than their supervisors because they are held to
have directly caused workplace accidents. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AS at [51].

19 Additionally, the appellant contends that the DJ accorded inadequate weight
to the fact that the respondent made a conscious and active decision to
instruct a supervisee to work unsafely, had previously done so on multiple
occasions and had been involved in the development of Risk Assessments which
cautioned against the very breach of safety he committed. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AS at [44]–[45], [57(b)].

20 In conjunction with the fact that the DJ placed insufficient emphasis on
the potential harm of the appellant’s actions and failed to consider that even
if the faulty brakes did not contribute to the accident, it reflected a
greater disregard for safety on the respondent’s part, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AS at [44]–[52], [58]–[65].

the appellant submits that appellate intervention is warranted.

The respondent’s submissions

21 On the other hand, the respondent submits that the DJ correctly assessed
the respondent to be less culpable than Shanmugam. The respondent was charged
with allowing Shanmugam, an untrained forklift operator, to operate the K
Forklift. This was at least a step removed from the deceased’s death.
Moreover, the respondent did not actively encourage Shanmugam to act in a
dangerous manner and could not have reasonably foreseen or prevented Shanmugam
from stepping on the accelerator when the K Forklift was not in neutral gear.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 5 August 2022 (“RS”) at [15]–[26].

22 Next, the respondent was not in charge of maintaining the forklifts at the
work site. In any event, the faulty brakes had nothing to do with the accident
(it was undisputed that Shanmugam had mistakenly depressed the accelerator
pedal of the K Forklift and did not apply the brakes when the forklift surged
forward) and at best went towards assessing potential harm (which the DJ had
already pegged as high). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

RS at [46]–[49].

23 Finally, the sentence of seven months’ imprisonment accords with Mao and
Public Prosecutor v Chong Chee Boon Kenneth and other appeals [2021] 5 SLR
1434 (“Kenneth Chong”). In the latter regard, the respondent contends that
Kenneth Chong is instructive in demonstrating that the culpability of a
supervisor can be lower than that of a primary offender, particularly when the
supervisor is “more removed” from the harm that eventuated. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RS at [69]–[98].

My decision

24 Preliminarily, both the appellant and the respondent do not take issue with
the sentencing framework set out by the DJ. As I alluded to earlier, the DJ
had adapted the sentencing framework set out in Mao to deal with offences
under s 15(3) of the WSHA. I note that this accords with the High Court’s
provisional view in Public Prosecutor v Manta Equipment (S) Pte Ltd [2022]
SGHC 157 (“Manta”) that the two-stage sentencing approach set out in Manta
(which is consistent with the approach adopted in Mao) “should in principle
apply to all Part 4 offences punishable under s 50 of the [WSHA]” (at [39]).

25 As parties have not made submissions on the propriety of the appellant’s
proposed sentencing ranges for the various sectors in the sentencing matrix
governing offences under s 15(3) of the WSHA (which the DJ relied on), I make
no finding on this. It suffices to note that Shanmugam’s sentence of 11
months’ imprisonment is not the subject of the present appeal and the key
question for present purposes is whether the DJ correctly assessed the
culpability of the respondent and particularly vis-à-vis Shanmugam’s.

26 Before leaving the issue of the appellant’s proposed sentencing matrix for
offences under s 15(3) of the WSHA, I make one observation. I caution against
any notion that “the sentence ranges for high level of culpability should
generally be reserved for wilful acts”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at [78].

Wilfulness and recklessness are dichotomous legal concepts but no bright line
distinction can be drawn between the two mentes reae in assessing the
culpability of an offender at the sentencing stage. Each case turns on its own
facts (see also Jali bin Mohd Yunos v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 1059 at
[36]).

27 Set against this backdrop, I find that the DJ erred in assessing the
respondent’s culpability to be lower than Shanmugam’s. Though Shanmugam was
the individual who negligently stepped on the accelerator of the K Forklift,
this cannot be neatly divorced from the fact that the respondent – as
Shanmugam’s supervisor – allowed Shanmugam to operate the K Forklift knowing
that the latter was not trained or competent to operate the forklift and that
the forklift had faulty brakes. To draw a water-tight distinction between the
respondent permitting Shanmugam to use the forklift and Shanmugam’s subsequent
act (in the manner that the DJ had done) accords insufficient weight to first,
the working relationship between the respondent and Shanmugam and second, the
fact that it is reasonably foreseeable that an untrained and uncertified
operator may make mistakes and cause accidents while operating a forklift. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Appellant’s Supplemental Submissions dated 8 August 2022 at [7].

In the former regard, it is undisputed that Shanmugam worked under the
supervision of the respondent. In this connection, the DJ implicitly
recognised the influence that the respondent had over Shanmugam’s reckless
act; she observed that Shanmugam “was authorised and instructed by [the
respondent]” and did not operate the K Forklift “on a frolic of his own”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 28.

28 The DJ’s assessment of the acts of the respondent and Shanmugam also
unjustifiably attenuates a supervisor’s culpability for facilitating a
supervisee’s reckless act. It is pertinent to note that (a) the legislative
intent of the WSHA was to improve workplace safety by effecting a cultural
change for employers and other stakeholders to take proactive measures to
prevent accidents; and (b) the scope of liability under s 15(3) of the WSHA
was intended to be a broad one, imposing a duty on multiple persons at work to
ensure the safety or health of themselves and others (Mao at [40] and [47]).
Thus, during the Second Reading of the Workplace Safety and Health Bill (Bill
No 36/2005) – through which Parliament promulgated s 15(3) of the Workplace
Safety and Health Act 2006 (“WSHA 2006”) (which is in pari materia to s 15(3)
of the WSHA) – then Minister for Manpower, Dr Ng Eng Hen observed that under
the liability regime introduced by the WSHA 2006, “responsibility for the
safety and health of others will lie not only with employers, but also with
employees, whether they be supervisors or rank-and-file workers” (Nurun at
[57]). I find that the DJ’s evaluation of the relative culpabilities of the
respondent and Shanmugam cuts against the public interest in ensuring that
persons who hold positions of authority under the WSHA (and who, for this
reason, are likely to have greater influence over workplace practices) act in
a manner that respects the safety of their supervisees.

29 For the avoidance of doubt, my holding in this regard should not be
(mis)construed as a pronouncement that supervisors will invariably be equally
or more culpable than supervisees where the latter acts in a reckless manner.
Again, each case turns on its own facts. In the present case, the
constellation of factors, including the working relationship between the
respondent and Shanmugam and the fact that the respondent permitted Shanmugam
to operate a faulty forklift on multiple occasions knowing that Shanmugam
lacked the training to do so, militates in favour of a finding that the
respondent’s culpability was, minimally, on par with Shanmugam’s.

30 Next, I also find that the DJ placed undue weight on the fact that the
faulty brakes did not materially contribute to the accident. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

GD at [111]–[112].

I note that there is some uncertainty as to whether the Statement of Facts the
respondent admitted to stated that Shanmugam did not utilise the brakes to the
K Forklift “as he knew the brakes were faulty”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD at [109].

I am prepared to find, in the respondent’s favour, that the Statement of Facts
merely stated that Shanmugam did not step on the brakes of the K Forklift
given that the Prosecution accepted that the faulty brakes “did not directly
result in the accident itself” during oral submissions. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP at p 24.

That said, even if the proximate cause of the accident was Shanmugam
mistakenly stepping on the accelerator, one must be alive to the reality that
the risk of an untrained individual erroneously operating a forklift with
malfunctioning brakes is significantly higher than the commensurate risk of
this individual operating a functioning forklift. Whilst the respondent’s
counsel submits that the issue of the faulty brakes is relevant only to an
assessment of potential harm and which the DJ had already pegged as high, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RS at [30]–[31], [42]–[49].

I find to the contrary. That the respondent knew that the forklift had
malfunctioning brakes and still permitted Shanmugam, an untrained individual,
to operate it, heightens his culpability as a supervisor. This is inasmuch as
culpability includes a consideration of the nature of the unsafe act (Mao at
[64(a)(ii)]).

31 Finally, in my view, the decision in Kenneth Chong is of limited assistance
to the respondent. First, Kenneth Chong is not a decision involving workplace
safety. Rather, Chong and Nazhan, who had sanctioned the continuance of
ragging through their inaction (in contradistinction to Fatwa and Farid who
actively encouraged ragging and made sure that the servicemen of Tuas View
Fire Station submerged the victim in the pump well), were convicted of
offences under s 338(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The
legislative intent animating the WSHA, in particular to ensure that all
stakeholders would be held responsible for workplace safety (Nurun at [57]),
is a consideration that was not germane on the facts of Kenneth Chong. Second,
while Chong, Nazhan and the respondent were each one step removed from the
act(s) that eventually resulted in the death of the victims, the respondent,
unlike Chong and Nazhan, had directly contributed to the initial unsafe state
of affairs by permitting Shanmugam to operate the K Forklift.

32 For completeness, I briefly deal with Public Prosecutor v Wong Kiew Hai and
others (DSC 900150/2018 & Ors) (“Wong Kiew Hai”), a decision which was
accompanied by the District Judge’s brief oral remarks. Before me, the
respondent’s counsel submitted that the fact that the natural persons subject
of Wong Kiew Hai, namely Wong and Yee, received sentences of eight and ten
months’ imprisonment respectively even though they committed reckless acts
under s 15(3) of the WSHA which contributed to the death of one worker and
injuries to ten others suggested that the respondent’s sentence of seven
months’ imprisonment was fair and just. I am unable to accept this submission.
It must be remembered that the District Judge had reduced Wong and Yee’s
respective sentences by three months to account for the fact that a more
culpable co-accused person, one Robert Tjandra, had earlier been sentenced to
approximately 12 months’ imprisonment on the authority of Nurun (which was
subsequently disapproved by Mao). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Documents and Authorities dated 5 August 2022 at pp
197–198.

33 For the above reasons, the sentence of seven months’ imprisonment imposed
by the DJ on the respondent is manifestly inadequate. I enhance the sentence
to 11 months’ imprisonment.

Vincent Hoong

Judge of the High Court  
  
---  
  
Isaac Tan and Norine Tan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the appellant;

Sunil Sudheesan and Khoo Hui-Hui Joyce

(Quahe Woo & Palmer LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 16 Aug 2022 (12:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

