Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2022] SGHC 3

Suit No 664 of 2019

Between

Lee Kok Choy  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Leong Keng Woo  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Limitation of Actions] — [Particular causes of action] — [Tort]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Qualified privilege]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Kok Choy

  
v

  

Leong Keng Woo

[2022] SGHC 3

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 664 of 2019  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
27–29 April, 21 June 2021

12 January 2022 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff was an executive director of Manhattan Resources Limited
(“MRL”) from 2006 to 2012. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lee Kok Choy’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) (“LKC”) at para 3.

The defendant, who was an employee of one of MRL’s indirectly owned
subsidiaries, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Leong Keng Woo’s AEIC (“LKW”) at para 4(d).

sent two e-mails on 13 August and 14 August 2011 respectively (collectively,
the “E-mails”) to Mr Ho Soo Ching (“Mr Ho”), who was the Chief Executive
Officer (“CEO”) of MRL at the material time. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ho Soo Ching’s AEIC (“HSC”) at paras 4 and 11–12.

The contents of the E-mails attribute a series of wrongdoings to the plaintiff
and form the basis of the plaintiff’s claim in libel against the defendant.

Background Facts

2 MRL was a listed company incorporated in Singapore. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LKC at para 5.

Through several joint venture companies, MRL provided logistics and shipping
services to the coal mining and oil and gas industries in Indonesia. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LKC at para 5.

These joint venture companies included Lian Beng Energy Pte Ltd (“Lian Beng
Energy”), ASL Energy Pte Ltd (“ASLE”), and Tat Hong Energy Pte Ltd. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LKC at para 8.

PT Aneka Samudera Lintas (“PT Aneka”) was a wholly owned subsidiary of ASLE. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LKC at paras 3 and 8.

At the time the plaintiff joined, MRL only had a 50% interest in ASLE.
Sometime in 2007 or 2008, ASLE became wholly owned by MRL. As a result, PT
Aneka became wholly owned by MRL, through ASLE. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

LKC at para 10.

3 On 13 August 2011, the defendant sent an e-mail to Mr Ho, alleging a series
of wrongdoings committed by the plaintiff (the “13 August E-mail”): 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”) at p 16.

I have witnessed some of the corruption practices by [the plaintiff] and Mr
Kelvin Loh from year 2008 to 2011 until today.

a) In Lian Beng Energy (2008) they used underhand like negotiation with
creditors to pay them 10-20% percent commission once they received the full
payment, happened to company like CV Borneo, CV Eka Magic, CV Double Dragon
and many more but some company refused. Together with the dry docking of 8 x
300 ft barges, they collected more than USD 900 K

b) In PT Aneka (2009) they started 2 companies Mega Jaya and Abadi Jaya
(managed by Miss Nanin Wirowah Hadi) the later married to Kelvin Loh in year
2010 and having a baby boy in 2011. These companies controlled all the
supplies to PT Aneka daily materials request like marine paints, lubricants,
repair kits, consumable, hardware and etc, etc. On top of these they
controlled one company CV Sunjaya to repair all barges’ sideboards and
steelworks, rental LBE machineries to this company and kept the rental charges
like generator sets, welding machines, air compressor and others, all the
scrap materials sold never returned to company PT Aneka. They inflated around
30-50% in the Sunjaya invoices. Total sum they collected crossed USD 700 K

c) Year 2010 they started another company PT Buana Lintas Samudera (Director -
Miss Nanin Wirowah Hadi) collaborated with the company Harapan Baru to
controlled all tugs & barges repairs in Samarinda, inflating all the invoices
by adding 30%, reason from Kelvin Loh, very simple - [the plaintiff] already
approved, shutting off the subject. They collected more than USD 500 K thru
this scheme

d) Year 2011 they started to own one small shipyard premises and building a
300-500 mt oil tanker (in progress) the location in Samarinda where we rental
the storage space for excavators PC 1250 x 2 units and drill rig

The reference to “Kelvin Loh” in the 13 August E-mail was in fact a reference
to Mr Kelvin Low Peng Hong (“Mr Low”). Mr Low was a general manager of PT
Aneka, who oversaw the accounting and logistics department in PT Aneka. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LKC at para 15.

Both Mr Low and the defendant were in charge of the day-to-day operations of
PT Aneka and reported to the plaintiff. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LKC at para 16.

4 The next day, on 14 August 2011, the plaintiff sent out another e-mail to Mr
Ho (the “14 August E-mail”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ABOD at p 18.

I set out the relevant portion below:

3) Year 2009 - Mr Thomas left the company on the 1st Jan and replaced by
myself in the Operation dept and P&M dept by [the plaintiff] and Account,
Purchasing and Logistic Dept under Kelvin, assisted by Nanin in Samarinda.
Things began to change in their planning like cheating, abuse, criminal breach
of trust and myself wasn’t in the position to stop the act, otherwise losing
my job. Their planning to control every opportunities of money making in the
company was very obvious example

a) purchasing

b) ship repairs / maintenance / supplies

c) shipping agent (Balikpapan)

d) tug & barge time-chartering

e) spot transhipment

f) dry docking

g) monthly pay-out to authorities

h) fuel oil bunker

5 The statements made in the E-mails will be collectively referred to as the
Alleged Defamatory Statements.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

6 On the basis of the Alleged Defamatory Statements found in the E-mails, the
plaintiff pursues a claim in libel against the defendant in the present suit.

7 The plaintiff pleads that in their natural and ordinary meaning, or by way
of innuendo, the Alleged Defamatory Statements in the 13 August E-mail are
understood to bear the following meanings: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim dated 4 July 2019 (“SOC”) at para 6.

(a) the plaintiff has conspired with the creditors of Lian Beng Energy to
acquire monetary benefit in the form of commission in exchange for the
assurance that the creditors will be repaid;

(b) the plaintiff embezzled money from the dry docking of barges;

(c) the plaintiff has an interest in Mega Jaya and Abadi Jaya, from which
monetary benefit was acquired from their commercial transactions with MRL;

(d) the plaintiff has an interest in CV Sunjaya from which monetary benefit
was attained from its supply of repair services to MRL;

(e) the plaintiff embezzled the money from the sale of PT Aneka’s scrap
material;

(f) the plaintiff deliberately increased CV Sunjaya’s quotation as a ploy to
benefit from its transaction with MRL;

(g) the plaintiff has an interest in PT Buana Lintas Samudera’s quotations as
a ploy to benefit from its transactions with MRL; and

(h) the plaintiff owns a small shipyard premise, which was rented out to MRL
for storage usage in turn acquiring monetary benefit which was in conflict of
interest.

8 As for the Alleged Defamatory Statements in the 14 August E-mail, the
plaintiff avers that in their natural and ordinary meaning, or by way of
innuendo, they are understood to mean that: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 8.

(a) the plaintiff is guilty of cheating, abuse, criminal breach of trust; and

(b) the plaintiff is involved in multiple instances of corruption.

9 The plaintiff pleads that the E-mails were not published on an occasion of
qualified privilege and, in any event, were published with malice. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Reply (Amendment No 1) dated 1 April 2020 (“Reply”) at paras 10–11.

In this connection, the defendant knew that the Alleged Defamatory Statements
were untrue, or was reckless as to whether they were true or false. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Reply at para 11(b).

Even if the defendant had a genuine or honest belief in the truth of the
Alleged Defamatory Statements, the defendant’s dominant motive in making the
Alleged Defamatory Statements was to injure the plaintiff, or was otherwise
improper. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Reply at para 11(c).

10 It is the plaintiff’s case that even though the E-mails were sent to Mr Ho,
the defendant knew that the Alleged Defamatory Statements would be republished
and made known to MRL’s Board of Directors (the “MRL Board”). The plaintiff
avers that the defendant had communicated the Alleged Defamatory Statements to
Mr Ho with the full appreciation and intention that what he said would be
repeated in whole or in part. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Reply at para 6.

11 By reason of the foregoing, the plaintiff claims that his personal and
professional reputation has been injured and that he has suffered distress,
embarrassment and hurt to his feelings. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at para 10.

The plaintiff, through his solicitors, sent a letter of demand dated 20 June
2019 (the “Letter of Demand”) to the defendant demanding that the latter
deliver an apology (including a written retraction of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements), and compensate the plaintiff by way of damages. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at para 11.

12 As the defendant failed to comply with these demands, the plaintiff
instituted the present suit to claim damages for libel. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at para 12.

According to the plaintiff, this suit is not time-barred because he only had
sight of the E-mails on 25 November 2017. Prior to 25 November 2017, he had no
knowledge of the requisite facts necessary to bring an action for libel
against the defendant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Reply at para 17.

The defendant’s case

13 The defendant avers that he obtained the information which formed the basis
of the E-mails through his interactions with various suppliers, customers and
other stakeholders during the course of his work. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) dated 11 March 2020 (“Defence”) at para 7.

The defendant denies that the contents of the E-mails are defamatory, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence at paras 8 and 10.

and raises the defence of qualified privilege. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence at paras 9(a) and 11(a).

The defendant also avers that he did not send the E-mails with malice. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence at para 9(b) and 11(b).

14 In any event, the defendant argues that the plaintiff has not suffered any
damage to his reputation. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence at para 13.

This is because the defendant only sent the E-mails to Mr Ho. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence at para 13(b).

It was Mr Ho who brought the Alleged Defamatory Statements to the attention of
the MRL Board. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence at para 13(c).

The plaintiff was fully capable of explaining away the Alleged Defamatory
Statements when questioned by Mr Ho or the MRL Board. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence at para 13(a).

It was the plaintiff who had tendered his own resignation following internal
investigations conducted by, among others, KPMG International (“KPMG”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence at para 13(c).

15 The defendant also avers that the plaintiff’s suit is time-barred by the
operation of s 6 of the Limitation Act (2020 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence at para 15.

Issues

16 This suit raises four issues for my determination:

(a) whether the plaintiff’s claim in libel is time-barred;

(b) whether the plaintiff has established a prima facie case of defamation;

(c) whether the defendant can rely on the defence of qualified privilege; and

(d) the amount of damages to be awarded to the plaintiff, if liability is
established.

Whether the Alleged Defamatory Statements were subsequently republished will
be considered under the damages inquiry.

Whether the plaintiff’s claim in libel is time-barred

The applicable Limitation Act provisions and applicable principles

17 The plaintiff seeks to rely on s 24A of the Limitation Act and, in
particular, s 24A(3)(b). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 33.

On the other hand, the defendant argues that the starting point for any time-
bar defence must be s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 8.

and that s 24A of the Limitation Act does not apply to the tort of defamation.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DCS at para 20.

18 Section 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act reads:

6.—(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after
the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort …

19 Sections 24A(1) to 24A(3) of the Limitation Act provide:

24A.—(1) This section shall apply to any action for damages for negligence,
nuisance or breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or
of a provision made by or under any written law or independently of any
contract or any such provision).

(2) An action to which this section applies, where the damages claimed consist
of or include damages in respect of personal injuries to the plaintiff or any
other person, shall not be brought after the expiration of —

(a) 3 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(b) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff has the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant injury,
if that period expires later than the period mentioned in paragraph (a).

(3) An action to which this section applies, other than one referred to in
subsection (2), shall not be brought after the expiration of the period of —

(a) 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(b) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff or any person in
whom the cause of action was vested before him first had both the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant damage
and a right to bring such an action, if that period expires later than the
period mentioned in paragraph (a).

[emphasis added in bold italics]

20 As the Court of Appeal held in IPP Financial Advisers Pte Ltd v Saimee bin
Jumaat and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 272 (“IPP Financial Advisers”) at [44],
ss 6(1)(a) and 24A of the Limitation Act do not apply concurrently. Instead, s
24A applies to all claims in tort, whether or not the tort is a strict-
liability tort or a fault-based tort. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Yan Jun v
Attorney-General [2015] 1 SLR 752 (“Yan Jun”) at [61] expressly stated that a
purposive interpretation of s 24A(1) would entail reading the phrase “breach
of duty” as encompassing all torts. It follows that the plaintiff’s claim in
libel, which falls under the tort of defamation, is to be considered under s
24A of the Limitation Act.

21 Section 24A(2) of the Limitation Act is not applicable because the damages
claimed in the present case do not consist of or include damages in respect of
personal injuries. This leaves s 24A(3) of the Limitation Act. It is well-
settled that for actions in tort which require proof of damage, the cause of
action accrues when the damage occurs: IPP Financial Advisers at [46]; Lian
Kok Hong v Ow Wah Foong and another [2008] 4 SLR(R) 165 (“Lian Kok Hong”) at
[24]. As the E-mails were published on 13 and 14 August 2011 and received by
Mr Ho on or around the same time, more than six years have passed from the
date on which the cause of action accrued. Hence, to avoid having his action
time-barred, the plaintiff has to rely on s 24A(3)(b) of the Limitation Act.

22 Under s 24A(3)(b) of the Limitation Act, time starts running from the date
on which the plaintiff acquired “the knowledge required for bringing an action
for damages in respect of the relevant damage and a right to bring such an
action”. In this regard, s 24A(4) of the Limitation Act provides:

(4) In subsections (2) and (3), the knowledge required for bringing an action
for damages in respect of the relevant injury or damage (as the case may be)
means knowledge —

(a) that the injury or damage was attributable in whole or in part to the act
or omission which is alleged to constitute negligence, nuisance or breach of
duty;

(b) of the identity of the defendant;

(c) if it is alleged that the act or omission was that of a person other than
the defendant, of the identity of that person and the additional facts
supporting the bringing of an action against the defendant; and

(d) of material facts about the injury or damage which would lead a reasonable
person who had suffered such injury or damage to consider it sufficiently
serious to justify his instituting proceedings for damages against a defendant
who did not dispute liability and was able to satisfy a judgment.

[emphasis added]

All four limbs in s 24A(4) of the Limitation Act have to be satisfied before
it can be said that the plaintiff has the requisite knowledge under s
24(3)(b). The Court of Appeal in Lian Kok Hong at [42] summarised the
applicable principles as to the requisite knowledge under s 24A(4) of the
Limitation Act:

(a) First, in respect of s 24A(4)(a) read with s 24A(5), viz, attributability,
the claimant need not know the details of what went wrong, and it is wholly
irrelevant whether he appreciated that what went wrong amounted in law to
negligence, as long he knew or might reasonably have known of the factual
essence of his complaint.

(b) Second, the requirements under ss 24A(4)(b) and 24A(4)(c) as to the
identity of the defendant or otherwise, which we have not elaborated on above
because of their relative simplicity, should be addressed when appropriate.

(c) Third, in relation to s 24A(4)(d), the material facts referred to need not
relate to the specific cause of action, and the assumptions as to the
defendant not disputing his liability and his ability to satisfy a judgment,
coupled with the requirement of “sufficient seriousness”, must be read to mean
that the case must be one sufficiently serious for someone to actually invoke
the court process given these assumptions.

(d) Finally, conditioning the above is the degree of knowledge required under
paras (a) to (c), and this does not mean knowing for certain and beyond the
possibility of contradiction.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Knowledge of the factual essence of the complaint is to be interpreted in
broad terms of the facts on which the plaintiff’s claim is based and of the
defendant’s acts or omissions and knowing that there is a real possibility
that those acts or omissions have been a cause of the damage: Lian Kok Hong at
[36].

23 Accordingly, there are two sub-issues to be addressed under the knowledge
inquiry:

(a) When did the plaintiff know, or when might he reasonably have known, of
the factual essence of his complaint and the identity of the defendant?

(b) When did the plaintiff know of material facts about the damage which would
lead a reasonable person who had suffered such damage to consider it
sufficiently serious to justify instituting proceedings for damages against a
defendant who did not dispute liability and was able to satisfy a judgment?

The time at which the plaintiff knew or might reasonably have known of the
factual essence of his complaint and the identity of the defendant

24 The plaintiff’s case is that he only knew the factual essence of his claim
and the identity of the defendant on 25 November 2017. The writ was filed on 4
July 2019, well within the three-year period under s 24A(3)(b) of the
Limitation Act. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PCS at paras 18(a) and 18(c).

The plaintiff’s version of events

25 In the middle of 2017, the plaintiff and his wife, Mdm Chung Poh Yoke (“Mdm
Chung”), were in the midst of moving out from their unit at Block 314 Shunfu
Road (“Shunfu Ville”) and were mainly staying at another location. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

LKC at para 26; 27 April 2021 Transcript at p 10 line 18 p 11 line 5.

On 25 November 2017, Mdm Chung received a call from one of their neighbours at
Shunfu Ville. She was informed that there was a massive water leak in their
next-door neighbour’s unit and the water was seeping into their unit. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

LKC at para 27; 27 April 2021 Transcript at p 12 lines 20–28.

Hence, the plaintiff and his wife went to Shunfu Ville on the morning of 25
November 2017 to check on the situation. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

LKC at para 27.

26 When the plaintiff reached Shunfu Ville, he visited his neighbour’s unit
first before going into his own unit. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 13 lines 5–8.

No one was in his neighbour’s unit at that time. According to the plaintiff,
his neighbour had asked him to check on the water leakage situation and had
left the door unlocked. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 13 lines 15–24.

While the plaintiff checked on the water leakage situation, Mdm Chung went to
the market. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

LKC at para 28.

27 When Mdm Chung came back from the market, she handed him two stacks of
documents which she had collected from the mailbox of their apartment and the
area near the mailbox. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

LKC at para 28.

This took place in their own unit. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 15 lines 19–21.

For one stack, some of the documents were in an envelope (“the Envelope”)
while the others came as loose sheets of paper. This stack was bundled
together with a sheet of A4 paper that was used to keep the documents
together. The plaintiff claims that he does not recall seeing any stamp or
post-mark on the Envelope. However, he recalls seeing his Shunfu Ville address
and his name printed on a sticker and stuck on the sheet of A4 paper. The
other stack of documents was also bundled in the same way. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

LKC at para 28.

28 When the plaintiff reviewed the two stacks of documents on the same day, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 20 lines 23–25.

he realised that they contained various MRL-related documents and hardcopy
print-outs of e-mail correspondence between Mr Ho and the defendant. In
particular, he found hardcopies of the E-mails within the Envelope. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

LKC at para 29.

29 The plaintiff claims that this was the first time he saw the E-mails. Prior
to 25 November 2017, the E-mails were never forwarded or copied to him. He had
no knowledge that the E-mails existed. He also had no knowledge that the
defendant had made such statements. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

LKC at paras 23–24.

Till this day, the plaintiff does not know who delivered the E-mails to him.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

LKC at para 31.

Summary of parties’ arguments

30 The defendant argues that the plaintiff’s account of receiving the E-mails
is inherently unbelievable. Apart from Mdm Chung, there is no other
independent witness proving that the plaintiff visited Shunfu Ville on 25
November 2017 and that he received the E-mails on that exact date. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS at para 26(a).

There are also no corroborative documents showing that he received the E-mails
on 25 November 2017. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DCS at para 26(b).

The Envelope containing the two E-mails was discarded and the plaintiff’s
evidence was that there were no markings on it indicating the date it was
received and the sender’s identity. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS at para 23(b).

Mdm Chung’s testimony is also unreliable. She could not identify whether there
was a date printed, stamped or written on the Envelope or documents, and she
could not explain why she remembered the date as being 25 November 2017. She
also could not identify the contents of both the first and second stack of
documents because she did not look at the documents themselves. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DCS at para 25.

Moreover, the plaintiff was not able to give an adequate explanation as to why
he instructed his lawyers to state in his Letter of Demand that he obtained
the E-mails on 25 November 2015. This was two years before 25 November 2017.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS at para 26(c).

31 The defendant also argues that, in any event, the plaintiff would have
obtained knowledge of the factual essence of his complaint sometime in 2011
during the MRL Board or KPMG investigations. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at para 21(a)(i).

In addition, the plaintiff must have had a reasonable belief that the
defendant had made a complaint against him as the plaintiff already knew in
2011 that there was friction between him and the defendant. The plaintiff
could and should have started to enquire about the complaints behind the
investigations back in 2011, and he could have found out about the E-mails if
he had put in sufficient effort back then. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at para 21(b)(ii).

32 Against this, the plaintiff submits that the defendant has failed to
satisfy his evidential burden as he had not adduced any evidence in rebuttal
to show that the E-mails were received by the plaintiff on an earlier date
such that the claim is time-barred. Since the plaintiff’s evidence on this
issue is not “inherently incredible” and the defendant has not discharged his
evidential burden, the plaintiff submits that this court must conclude that he
has discharged his legal burden of proving that his claim in libel is within
time. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PCS at paras 18(d) and 18(e).

Analysis

33 It is undisputed that the Alleged Defamatory Statements in the E-mails form
the factual essence of the plaintiff’s claim in libel. The question,
therefore, is when the plaintiff knew of their existence.

34 As the Court of Appeal held in IPP Financial Advisers at [37] and [41], the
legal burden of proof rests on the plaintiff to establish that his claim is
not time-barred. Accordingly, the plaintiff in the present case bears the
evidential burden of adducing some not inherently incredible evidence showing
that he first saw the E-mails on 25 November 2017. If the plaintiff is able to
adduce such evidence, the evidential burden then shifts to the defendant to
adduce evidence in rebuttal. If no evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the court
may conclude from the evidence of the plaintiff that the legal burden is
discharged. If evidence in rebuttal is adduced by the defendant, the
evidential burden shifts back to the plaintiff. If, ultimately, the evidential
burden comes to rest on the defendant, the legal burden of proving that the
claim is not time-barred would have been discharged by the plaintiff: see SCT
Technologies Pte Ltd v Western Copper Co Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 1471 (“SCT
Technologies”) at [19].

35 The plaintiff’s evidence that he first saw the E-mails on 25 November 2017
is believable. Against this, the defendant did not adduce evidence refuting
the plaintiff’s account of events. In particular, there is no evidence that
the plaintiff came to know of the factual essence of his claim in libel, or
the defendant’s identity, during the MRL Board or KPMG’s investigations.

36 The plaintiff’s account of what transpired on 25 November 2017 in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) and on the stand is internally
consistent. Some weight must also be given to the fact that the plaintiff’s
evidence is corroborated by Mdm Chung’s account of events.

37 The defendant points out that apart from Mdm Chung’s evidence, there is no
independent or objective evidence corroborating the plaintiff’s assertion that
he only found out about the E-mails on 25 November 2017. This is indeed the
state of the evidence before me. There is no independent testimony from the
plaintiff’s neighbours corroborating the plaintiff’s and Mdm Chung’s claim
that there was a water leakage incident, and that they went down to Shunfu
Ville to check on the situation on 25 November 2017. In addition, neither the
Envelope nor the A4 papers were adduced as evidence before me. The plaintiff
claimed that he could not recall what he did with the Envelope and the A4
papers and had assumed that these were either lost or destroyed during the
move. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

LKC at paras 30–31; 27 April 2021 Transcript at p 22 lines 1–7.

Be that as it may, a lack of corroborative evidence is insufficient to render
the plaintiff’s account unbelievable.

38 The defendant then points to how Mdm Chung was unable to testify as to
whether a date was indicated on the Envelope or documents and did not know the
contents of the documents delivered. But all these are consistent with the
fact that her role was simply to pass these two stacks of documents to the
plaintiff. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 9 lines 27–28.

The plaintiff’s evidence was that he, not Mdm Chung, reviewed the documents.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 26 line 31 to p 27 line 3.

Hence, the defendant’s contention on this point does not successfully
challenge the plaintiff’s account of events.

39 Accordingly, I am satisfied that the plaintiff has shown that he saw the
E-mails on 25 November 2017. It then falls to be considered whether the
defendant has been able to adduce any evidence to challenge the plaintiff’s
assertion that he did not have knowledge of the E-mails prior to 25 November
2017.

40 At the outset, I note that the E-mails were only addressed to Mr Ho. The
defendant did not adduce any documentary evidence showing that the E-mails
were forwarded to the plaintiff prior to 25 November 2017.

41 After the E-mails were sent, there was a MRL Board meeting on 9 November
2011 (the “9 November Board Meeting”) discussing a whistle-blowing report
prepared by Mr Ho dated 4 November 2011 (the “4 November Report”). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 45 line 19 to p 46 line 5; ABOD at pp 88–89.

The plaintiff was present at the meeting. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ABOD at pp 55 and 57.

The plaintiff’s evidence was that during the meeting, the MRL Board informed
him that it had received a whistle-blowing report in relation to PT Aneka. As
the plaintiff was involved in the running of PT Aneka and for confidentiality
reasons, the plaintiff was not allowed to have sight of the whistle-blowing
report. He also claimed that he was not informed as to who issued the report.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

LKC at para 69.

This is not far-fetched evidence. It is consistent with the reality that
whistle-blowing reports of such nature are handled with great sensitivity.

42 In this connection, the defendant did not adduce any evidence showing that
the plaintiff came to know about the existence and contents of the E-mails and
the identity of the defendant at the 9 November Board Meeting. The meeting
minutes only state what was discussed during the 9 November Board Meeting at a
very broad level. The only topic of discussion which came close to alluding to
the contents of the E-mails relates to the discussion about how the operations
in Indonesia were important to MRL and that the whistle-blowing report would
invariably affect the relationship between MRL and its major customer, Bayan
Resources. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ABOD at p 57.

There is no indication, on the face of the meeting minutes, that the plaintiff
was informed about the existence or contents of the E-mails, or who sent the
E-mails. Importantly, there is also no evidence from Mr Ho, who was present at
the 9 November Board Meeting, to the effect that the plaintiff was shown the
E-mails or was told that the defendant had sent the E-mails alleging
misconduct on the part of the plaintiff.

43 Following the 9 November Board Meeting, the plaintiff also attended an
interview before the audit committee of the MRL Board. At the material time,
three members of the MRL Board formed the audit committee (“the audit
committee board members”). They were Mr Liow Keng Teck, Mr Thia Peng Heok
George and either Mr Choo Hsun Yang or Mr Tjio Kay Loen. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 48 line 24 to p 49 line 5; 28 April 2021
Transcript at p 42 line 9 and 17–18, p 83 lines 26–30; PCS at para 162.

The plaintiff’s evidence was that he could not recall the exact questions that
the audit committee board members asked, but he remembered that it concerned
the operations of PT Aneka and revolved around a debt owed by PT Buana Lintas
Marine to PT Aneka. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

LKC at paras 47 and 71.

The plaintiff subsequently attended an interview with KPMG. His evidence was
that the questions raised by KPMG were similar to those asked by the audit
committee board members. He remembered KPMG enquiring about transactions with
certain companies which he allegedly had an interest in, but none of the
companies was stated in the E-mails. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

LKC at para 72.

There is nothing unbelievable about the plaintiff’s evidence.

44 The defendant did not adduce any evidence from the audit committee board
members or KPMG contradicting the plaintiff’s account of events. There is also
no evidence that KPMG had sight of the E-mails and knew that it was the
defendant who made the complaint. There is thus no basis for suggesting that
KPMG could have told the plaintiff that it was the defendant who sent the
E-mails implicating him.

45 The defendant then seeks to refute the plaintiff’s assertion that he first
saw the E-mails on 25 November 2017, on the basis that the Letter of Demand
stated that the plaintiff “only became aware of [the E-mails] on or about 25
November 2015” [emphasis added]. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ABOD at p 146.

However, the plaintiff had explained that this was a mistake. He did not
realise the error back then as the defendant did not respond to his Letter of
Demand. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

LKC at para 32; 27 April 2021 Transcript at p 30 lines 28–31.

I accept the plaintiff’s explanation.

46 Finally, I reject the defendant’s argument that the plaintiff must have had
a reasonable belief that the defendant had made a complaint against him in
2011, as a result of the friction between them. At its highest, the
disagreements the plaintiff had with the defendant would only lead the
plaintiff to speculate that the defendant might have lodged a complaint
against him and, even if the plaintiff had believed that the defendant made a
complaint against him, he would not be privy to the contents of the E-mails.
The defendant also argues that if the plaintiff had enquired about the
complaints propelling the investigations back in 2011, he could have found out
about the E-mails. This is a highly speculative claim as there is no evidence
that Mr Ho or the MRL Board would have been willing to disclose their source
to the plaintiff.

47 In the main, I am satisfied that the plaintiff has discharged his legal
burden of showing that he first came to know about the factual essence of his
complaint, and the identity of the defendant, on 25 November 2017.

Whether the damage would lead a reasonable person to consider it sufficiently
serious to institute proceedings, and when the plaintiff knew of material
facts about the damage

48 By the same token, it was only on 25 November 2017 that the plaintiff came
to know of the material facts about the damage he sustained.

49 The damage was of a nature that would lead a reasonable person to consider
commencing proceedings. The Alleged Defamatory Statements claim that the
plaintiff was guilty of cheating, abuse, criminal breach of trust, and
multiple instances of corruption over some years. The total amount of ill-
gotten gains the plaintiff allegedly obtained from his misconduct amounted to
at least US$2.1 million. On the face of the E-mails, these grave allegations
were made known to Mr Ho, the CEO of MRL. In these circumstances, a reasonable
person in the plaintiff’s position would take the view that these publications
had seriously diminished his reputation and thereby seek recourse through the
courts.

50 The defendant argues that the plaintiff had merely suffered some
inconvenience due to the various investigations. His appointment as a director
was not terminated and no prosecution was pursued against him due to the
investigations. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 21(b)(i).

However, this argument ignores the fact that a claim in libel seeks
compensation for the injury to one’s reputation and the distress one has to
endure due to the publication of the defamatory material. For the reasons set
out above, a reasonable person in the plaintiff’s shoes would most probably
invoke the court process to claim compensation upon discovering the E-mails.

Conclusion

51 Therefore, time starts running from 25 November 2017. As the writ was filed
on 4 July 2019, the plaintiff’s action for libel is brought well within the
time limit of three years.

Whether the plaintiff has established a prima facie case of defamation

52 Three requirements have to be satisfied to establish a prima facie case of
defamation (Yan Jun at [106]):

(a) the statement must be defamatory in nature;

(b) the statement must refer to the plaintiff; and

(c) the statement must be published.

53 In relation to the first requirement, the offending words can be defamatory
in two senses (Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and
another appeal [2010] 1 SLR 52 (“Review Publishing”) at [26]):

(a) in their natural and ordinary meaning, which includes any meaning capable
of being inferred from the offending words standing on their own in addition
to their literal meaning; or

(b) in their innuendo meaning, ie, in some other meaning (apart from the
natural and ordinary meaning) which, although not defamatory from the
viewpoint of the ordinary reasonable person, is nonetheless defamatory from
the viewpoint of people with knowledge of the special meaning of the offending
words or the relevant extrinsic facts.

The court has to decide what meaning the words would convey to an ordinary,
reasonable person using his general knowledge and common sense: Review
Publishing at [27].

54 As for the third requirement, that the statement must be published, it is
sufficient to make out a prima facie case of defamation that one other person,
apart from the plaintiff, has seen, read, or heard the communication: Qingdao
Bohai Construction Group Co, Ltd and others v Goh Teck Beng and another [2016]
4 SLR 977 at [38], [128] and [135].

55 In the instant case, there is no need to consider whether the Alleged
Defamatory Statements carry innuendos. It is evident on the face of the
E-mails that the natural and ordinary meanings of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements are what the plaintiff alleges (see above at [7] and [8]-), and
those natural and ordinary meanings are defamatory. They contain allegations
that the plaintiff committed multiple transgressions which could constitute
criminal offences and reaped at least US$2.1 million from his dishonest ways.
This would clearly lower the plaintiff’s standing in the estimation of right-
thinking members of society. Finally, the Alleged Defamatory Statements refer
to the plaintiff and the E-mails were published to Mr Ho. The Alleged
Defamatory Statements were also republished (see below at [138]).

56 The defendant does not put up much of a fight in so far as these three
requirements are concerned. Rather, his case is that the plaintiff’s claim in
libel should be defeated because no real and substantial tort has been
committed. In so arguing, the defendant relies on the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Yan Jun, which he claims followed the decision in Jameel (Yousef)
v Dow Jones & Co Inc [2005] 2 WLR 1614 (“Jameel”). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCS at para 29.

For context, the English case of Jameel stands for the general principle that
a claim which discloses no real and substantial tort is liable to be struck
out for being an abuse of process of the court (“the Jameel principle”) (see
Yan Jun at [120]). The defendant argues that in the present case, no real and
substantial tort has been committed because of the limited publication of the
E-mails to Mr Ho and the limited particularity with which republication is
pleaded. Specifically, the plaintiff’s pleadings do not state how he could be
certain that the E-mails would be republished to the MRL Board, how many
persons from the MRL Board the E-mails were republished to and their exact
identities, and what damage was caused by the alleged republication. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS at paras 29–37.

57 As against the defendant’s argument that the Jameel principle defeats the
plaintiff’s claim in libel, the plaintiff submits that the Jameel principle is
not binding on this court given that the discussion of Jameel by the Court of
Appeal in Yan Jun was strictly obiter. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS at para 71.

Even if the Jameel principle was to be accepted as part of Singapore law, the
plaintiff argues that it is wholly inappropriate to apply the Jameel principle
in the present case. The Court of Appeal in Yan Jun at [118] had cautioned
that the Jameel principle must be approached with the “necessary
circumspection” [emphasis in original omitted] by the Singapore courts in
light of how Jameel was decided under fundamentally different procedural rules
and the potentially far-reaching nature of the principle. The plaintiff also
relies on several High Court decisions which have confined the application of
the Jameel principle. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS at paras 72–74.

The plaintiff argues that, in any event, the Jameel principle cannot assist
the defendant in the present circumstances for the following reasons: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS at paras 75–78.

(a) The E-mails were in fact republished to the MRL Board.

(b) Even assuming that the E-mails were only published to Mr Ho, this was a
situation where limited publication caused the plaintiff great embarrassment
or distress and might have blighted his financial prospects. In particular,
the injury suffered by the plaintiff here is greater than what was suffered by
the claimant in Yan Jun because the Alleged Defamatory Statements implicated
the plaintiff, who was a director of a public listed company at the material
time, in multiple instances of corruption, cheating, abuse and criminal breach
of trust.

58 I agree with the plaintiff that the Jameel principle is not binding on this
court. The Court of Appeal in Yan Jun at [120] acknowledged that the case of
Jameel contains some general principles that may be applicable in the
Singapore context, but its discussion relating to Jameel is purely obiter.
Even if the Jameel principle is binding on this court, the plaintiff’s claim
in libel cannot be dismissed as an abuse of process for not disclosing a real
and substantial tort.

59 First, as Aedit Abdullah J noted in Lee Hsien Loong v Leong Sze Hian [2021]
4 SLR 1128 (“Leong Sze Hian”) at [69], the case of Jameel was really a case
concerned with private international law principles and issues of forum
shopping. These do not arise in the present case.

60 Second, even if I accept that the Jameel principle extends beyond such
situations, this court should not reject a claim in defamation as readily as
the court in Jameel did. In holding that the claim in defamation did not
amount to a real and substantial tort, the court in Jameel at [55] remarked
that:

There have been two recent developments which have rendered the court more
ready to entertain a submission that pursuit of a libel action is an abuse of
process. The first is the introduction of the new Civil Procedure Rules.
Pursuit of the overriding objective requires an approach by the court to
litigation that is both more flexible and more proactive. The second is the
coming into effect of the Human Rights Act 1998. Section 6 requires the court,
as a public authority, to administer the law in a manner which is compatible
with Convention rights, in so far as it is possible to do so. Keeping a proper
balance between the article 10 right of freedom of expression and the
protection of individual reputation must, so it seems to us, require the court
to bring to a stop as an abuse of process defamation proceedings that are not
serving the legitimate purpose of protecting the claimant’s reputation, which
includes compensating the claimant only if that reputation has been unlawfully
damaged.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

It is for this reason that the Court of Appeal in Yan Jun stated that the
principle enunciated in Jameel should be approached with necessary
circumspection (at [118]). In Leong Sze Hian at [67], the High Court also
observed that a broad-brush approach in applying the Jameel principle is not
entirely appropriate since Jameel was largely animated by legal developments
unique to the United Kingdom which find no ready parallel in Singapore.

61 Third, it is evident from the case of Jameel that the thrust of the
mischief which the Jameel principle seeks to address is the abuse of process
in “commit[ting] the resources of the…court” to an action where “so little is
… at stake” (Jameel at [69]–[70]):

If the claimant succeeds in this action and is awarded a small amount of
damages, it can perhaps be said that he will have achieved vindication for the
damage done to his reputation in this country, but both the damage and the
vindication will be minimal. The cost of the exercise will have been out of
all proportion to what has been achieved. The game will not merely not have
been worth the candle, it will not have been worth the wick.

… It would be an abuse of process to continue to commit the resources of the
English court, including substantial judge and possibly jury time, to an
action where so little is now seen to be at stake. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In determining whether the present claim is one where so little is at stake,
the court should not solely look at the extent of the publication. As observed
by the Court of Appeal in Yan Jun at [118], citing Gatley on Libel and Slander
(Alistair Mullis & Richard Parkes QC joint eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed,
2013) (“Gatley”) at para 6.2, the question of whether there has been a real
and substantial tort cannot depend upon a numbers game. Rather, the question
is one of a cost-benefit calculation: “costs” in terms of the parties’ costs
and the impact upon the court’s increasingly hard-pressed resources, and
“benefit” in terms of the true value to the plaintiff of any realistically
available remedy. This is ultimately a fact-sensitive inquiry. As Choo Han
Teck J said in Chan Boon Siang and others v Jasmin Nisban [2018] 3 SLR 498 at
[7], “[t]he crux of the matter is that although the court’s resources ought
not to be used for the pursuit of trivial or pointless claims, each case must
be determined on its own facts”.

62 Bearing in mind the principles set out at [60] and [61], the plaintiff’s
claim in libel cannot be struck down under the Jameel principle, because a
real and substantial tort has been committed.

63 First, the plaintiff has sufficiently pleaded the republication of the
Alleged Defamatory Statements to members of the MRL Board. Paragraph 6 of the
plaintiff’s Reply (Amendment No 1) reads:

In relation to paragraph 6 of the Amended Defence, the Plaintiff does not
dispute that the 13 August 2011 and 14 August 2011 Emails were sent to Mr Ho
Soo Ching (“Mr Ho”), the former Chief Executive Officer of MRL as stated at
paragraph 6(a). However, given the nature and gravity of the Defamatory
Statements, the Defendant knew very well that his Defamatory Statements would
also be republished and made known to MRL’s Board of Directors (“Board”). In
fact, the Defendant communicated those Defamatory Statements to Mr Ho with the
full appreciation and intention that what he said would be repeated in whole
or in part.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

Inherent in the above is a plea of republication to the MRL Board. By the
averment that “the [d]efendant knew very well that his Defamatory Statements
would also be republished and made known to MRL’s Board of Directors”, the
defendant was put on notice that the plaintiff is seeking to claim damages for
the republication to the MRL Board. This is because it is well-settled that
damages to be assessed for the original publication include foreseeable loss,
and that in turn encompasses loss arising out of foreseeable republication
(Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin [1997] 3 SLR(R) 46 (“Goh Chok
Tong”) at [127]; cited with approval in Low Tuck Kwong v Sukamto Sia [2014] 1
SLR 639 (“Low Tuck Kwong”) at [38]).

64 There is no need for the plaintiff to plead how he came to know about the
republication to the MRL Board. This is a matter of evidence. There is also no
need to specify precisely how many persons from the MRL Board the Alleged
Defamatory Statements were republished to and their exact identities, since
the category of persons is sufficiently identified. It simply refers to the
directors of MRL. As set out in Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder
Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 18/12/25:

… In the case of a letter or other private communication, the name of each
person to whom publication is alleged must be stated in the pleading; or, if
his name is unknown, he must be indicated in some manner that will identify
him. …

[emphasis added]

Although this proposition is made in the context of publication, it should
equally apply to republication. As for the damage caused by the alleged
republication, the plaintiff has pleaded that he is claiming damages for
libel. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC at para 12(1).

This necessarily includes the injury to his reputation and the distress he
suffered as a result of a foreseeable republication of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements. Accordingly, the plaintiff has sufficiently pleaded matters
relating to the republication of the Alleged Defamatory Statements to the MRL
Board.

65 Second, as noted below at [138], the Alleged Defamatory Statements were
subsequently republished. The sense and substance of all the Alleged
Defamatory Statements was republished to the three audit committee board
members, and the sense and substance of two of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements was republished to the entire MRL Board, save for the plaintiff.
Furthermore, the defendant had published the E-mails with malice (see below at
[123]), and it is trite that express malice is a ground to claim aggravated
damages (Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor [2001] 1 SLR(R) 86 (“Arul
Chandran (CA)”) at [57]). All these go to show that the plaintiff’s claim is
not a “trivial” one.

66 Accordingly, the plaintiff’s claim is not barred by the Jameel principle,
since a real and substantial tort has been committed. I therefore find that
the plaintiff has established a prima facie case of defamation.

Whether the defendant can rely on the defence of qualified privilege

67 The defence of qualified privilege applies where the defendant to a
defamation suit has an interest or duty, whether legal, social or moral, to
communicate the information and the recipient has a corresponding interest or
duty to receive the information (the “interest-duty test”). Privilege attaches
to the occasion on which the defamatory statement is made and not the
statement itself: Yan Jun at [112].

68 However, even if the communication is made on an occasion of qualified
privilege, the defence of qualified privilege can be defeated by the presence
of malice: Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and another appeal
[2010] 4 SLR 331 (“Lim Eng Hock Peter”) at [36], referring to the judgment of
Lord Diplock in Horrocks v Lowe [1975] AC 135 (“Horrocks”) at 149–150.

Whether the interest-duty test is satisfied

69 The defendant argues that, as an employee of PT Aneka, he owed a duty of
loyalty to MRL and PT Aneka to report the plaintiff’s suspected misdemeanours
to Mr Ho. Mr Ho, as CEO of MRL, also had a corresponding interest in receiving
information pertaining to the misdemeanours of the plaintiff, who was a
director of MRL at the material time. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCS at para 52.

Separately, the defendant had an interest in communicating statements
suggesting impropriety on the part of the plaintiff because he had an interest
in the operational efficacy and reputation of MRL. For the same reason, Mr Ho
had a corresponding duty to receive such communications. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCS at para 55.

The defendant also relies on MRL’s whistle-blowing policy, which encouraged
employees to report instances of wrongdoing to senior management, to argue
that there is a strong basis for finding that there was a corresponding
interest to communicate and receive the E-mails. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS at para 56.

70 On the other hand, the plaintiff argues that the common interest between
the defendant and Mr Ho was vague. It is unclear how the defendant, as a mere
employee, possessed any interest in respect of PT Aneka’s or MRL’s business
interests. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at para 90.

Furthermore, as MRL’s whistle-blowing policy provided that whistle-blowing
reports were to be made directly to the audit committee of the MRL Board, it
cannot be said that Mr Ho had a duty or interest to receive such information,
and neither can it be said that the defendant had an interest and duty to
communicate the contents of the E-mails to Mr Ho. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at paras 91–95.

71 At the outset, I note that the document setting out MRL’s whistle-blowing
policy is not adduced in evidence before me. On the one hand, there is
evidence from the plaintiff that the defendant could not make whistle-blowing
reports to Mr Ho because there were “rules” to the effect that any complaints
about corrupt practices or serious misconduct had to be made to the audit
committee of the MRL Board. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 47 lines 1–15.

On the other hand, the evidence of the defendant and Mr Ho was that the
whistle-blowing policy “allowed” complaints to be reported to the audit
committee of the MRL Board. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

LKW at para 7; HSC at para 10.

Their position was that the whistle-blowing policy did not make it mandatory
for whistle-blowing reports to be made directly to the audit committee, but
the audit committee would eventually get hold of the whistle-blowing report.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 41 lines 5–24; 29 April 2021 Transcript at p 5
line 23 to p 6 line 7.

Given the different interpretations of what the whistle-blowing policy
entailed, I am unable to make a determination as to whether it was compulsory,
as a matter of MRL and PT Aneka’s internal policy, for the defendant to send
the E-mails to the audit committee of the MRL Board.

72 Even if MRL and PT Aneka’s internal policy was mandatory in nature, the
fact remains that a moral duty existed on the part of the defendant to
communicate the Alleged Defamatory Statements to Mr Ho. They contain
allegations of corruption, cheating, abuse and criminal breach of trust
committed in relation to MRL’s subsidiaries. In particular, they involve
wrongdoings perpetrated against PT Aneka, which was an indirect subsidiary of
MRL. All of these are grave transgressions which, if true, would greatly
injure MRL’s business interests and reputation. As an employee of PT Aneka,
and hence a part of the wider MRL corporate group, the defendant had a moral
duty to bring these to the attention of Mr Ho, the CEO of MRL, who wielded the
power to take steps to commence investigations and put an end to the
transgressions. For the same reason, Mr Ho had an interest in receiving such
information. I therefore find that the interest-duty test is satisfied, and
that the E-mails were published on an occasion of privilege to Mr Ho.

Malice

Applicable legal principles

73 As the Alleged Defamatory Statements were made on an occasion of privilege,
it is for the plaintiff to prove that the privilege was lost because of
malice: Hady Hartanto v Yee Kit Hong and others [2014] 2 SLR 1127; [2014] SGHC
40 (“Hady Hartanto”) at [204]; Lim Eng Hock Peter at [36], citing Horrocks at
149–150.

74 Malice can be proven in one of two ways (Hady Hartanto at [205]; Lim Eng
Hock Peter at [35]–[38], [40] and [44]):

(a) First, the plaintiff can show that the defendant had no honest belief,
knew that the publication was false, or was reckless to the truth of what he
published.

(b) Second, even if the defendant had an honest belief in the truth of what he
published, there would still be malice if: (i) the defendant’s dominant motive
for publishing the statement was to injure the plaintiff, or (ii) he used the
occasion (giving rise to the privilege) for an improper purpose, for example,
to give vent to his personal spite towards the plaintiff or to obtain some
advantage unconnected with the duty or the interest which constituted the
reason for the privilege.

75 Evidence of the defendant’s conduct and actions prior to the publication,
at the time of the publication and after the publication, including the entire
surrounding circumstances, must be viewed in totality: Arul Chandran v Chew
Chin Aik Victor JP [2000] SGHC 111 (“Arul Chandran (HC)”) at [301].

Summary of parties’ submissions

76 The foregoing legal principles are not in dispute. Where parties differ is
whether the defendant was actuated by malice in the present case.

77 The plaintiff submits that not only did the defendant not believe in the
truth of the Alleged Defamatory Statements, but he in fact knew that the
Alleged Defamatory Statements were false. Alternatively, and at the very
least, the plaintiff was reckless to the point of wilful blindness. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PCS at para 103.

The plaintiff has four main arguments in support of his submission.

78 First, the plaintiff highlights how the defendant’s account of events at
trial was entirely different from his pleaded case and his original testimony
in his AEIC. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PCS at paras 105–106.

79 Second, relying on what the defendant stated in the E-mails and the
defendant’s testimony under cross-examination, the plaintiff argues that the
defendant knew that the Alleged Defamatory Statements were false at the time
of the publication. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS at paras 108–111.

80 Third, contrary to what the defendant claimed, the defendant did not
conduct any investigations relating to the Alleged Defamatory Statements and
did not receive his information from MRL or PT Aneka’s suppliers, customers
and other stakeholders (the “Informants”). The effect of these, the plaintiff
contends, is that the defendant had no basis to make the Alleged Defamatory
Statements, and therefore could not have had an honest belief in their truth.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCS at paras 117–118.

81 Fourth, the plaintiff contends that the defendant’s lack of honest belief
in the truth of the Alleged Defamatory Statements is evident from his post-
publication conduct, namely his conduct when he was informed that there was no
evidence against the plaintiff with regard to the allegations he made, and the
defendant’s conduct during a meeting which took place on 15 November 2011 (the
“15 November Meeting”). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS at para 119.

82 Even if the defendant can be said to have had a genuine or honest belief in
the truth of the Alleged Defamatory Statements, the plaintiff submits that the
defendant had used the occasion giving rise to privilege for improper
purposes.

83 The first of such improper purposes, as alleged by the plaintiff, was to
give vent to his personal spite towards the plaintiff. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS at para 134(a).

The plaintiff points to an incident in May 2011, whereby the plaintiff asked
the defendant to resign from PT Aneka upon learning that the defendant had
allowed third parties to overload certain barges (the “May Overloading
Incident”). According to the plaintiff, the defendant had sent the E-mails in
indignation to get back at the plaintiff. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PCS at paras 135–136.

In addition to this, the plaintiff relies on Mr Ho’s admission that he and the
defendant shared a common agenda to get the plaintiff in trouble, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PCS at para 137.

and the defendant’s e-mail correspondence with Mr Ho wherein the defendant
repeatedly referred to the plaintiff as “Fat” and “Idiot”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PCS at para 140(a).

The plaintiff also submits that the defendant had conspired with Mr Ho and one
“Ling Ling” (a representative of a creditor of PT Aneka) to leave the
plaintiff stranded in Balikpapan, Indonesia in November 2011. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS at paras 140(c) and 148.

There is e-mail correspondence where the defendant told Mr Ho that “IF [THE
PLAINTIFF] TURNS UP, SOMETHING WILL HAPPENS [sic] TO HIM, JUST WATCH MY
ACTION” and “… [if] our plan is smooth [the plaintiff] is going to be stuck in
Balikpapan until Tuesday, haha”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS at paras 140(b), 147 and 148(a).

84 The second improper purpose alleged by the plaintiff was to conceal the May
Overloading Incident. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PCS at para 134(b).

The plaintiff claims that the defendant’s purpose for sending the E-mails was
to turn the spotlight on the plaintiff so that the plaintiff would not have an
opportunity to expose the defendant’s misdeeds in relation to the May
Overloading Incident. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PCS at para 152.

85 On the other hand, the defendant submits that the defence of qualified
privilege remains undefeated by malice. First, he believes in the truthfulness
of the Alleged Defamatory Statements. He witnessed monies being exchanged
between the plaintiff, Mr Low, and representatives of other companies, and his
Informants provided him with information relating to the Alleged Defamatory
Statements. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DCS at para 84(a).

The defendant claims that he has not come across any evidence which reveals
that the Alleged Defamatory Statements are false. On the contrary, the audit
reports by KPMG and UHY Lee Seng Chan & Co (“UHY”) appear to vindicate his
allegations. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCS at para 122.

The fact that various entities conducted investigations into the plaintiff’s
conduct shows that the Alleged Defamatory Statements are well-founded. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at paras 81–82.

86 Second, the defendant contends that his omission to verify the Informant’s
information and the activities he witnessed does not establish malice. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS at para 83(a).

He was in no position to verify such information as he would be going against
the plaintiff, who was of a higher rank. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS at para 79.

He also had no resources to investigate further. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS at para 84(b).

He could only forward this information to Mr Ho, who had the power to
investigate. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DCS at paras 78–79.

87 Third, the defendant submits that the plaintiff has not demonstrated that
the nature of the allegations is so unbelievable that the defendant could not
reasonably have believed them. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DCS at para 117.

Neither has the plaintiff shown how the circumstantial evidence proves that
the defendant never formed an opinion about the allegations. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at para 119.

88 Finally, the defendant argues that he did not harbour any improper motive
to harm the plaintiff’s reputation. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DCS at para 87(a).

The plaintiff cannot prove that the defendant bore a grudge over the May
Overloading Incident, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS at para 90.

and neither is there sufficient evidence to show that Mr Ho, the defendant and
Ling Ling conspired to detain the plaintiff’s passport at the Balikpapan
airport in November 2011. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS at paras 95 and 98.

The defendant referred to the plaintiff as “Fat” or “Idiot” on occasion but,
at its highest, this only showed that the defendant disliked the plaintiff.
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DCS at para 92.

That is insufficient to prove malice. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DCS at para 93.

Moreover, the e-mails between the defendant and Mr Ho which feature rude name-
calling and discussions about how to entrap the plaintiff at Balikpapan are
not indicative of an improper motive actuating the publication of the E-mails,
since they were sent only after the E-mails were published to Mr Ho. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

DCS at paras 129–131.

Evidential analysis

89 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions before me, I am
satisfied that the plaintiff has proven, on a balance of probabilities, that
the defendant had no honest belief in the truth of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements. The defendant has failed to produce credible evidence of how he
came to know about the information on which the Alleged Defamatory Statements
are based. The defendant had simply plucked the Alleged Defamatory Statements
out of thin air.

90 I draw support for this conclusion from the following findings:

(a) the defendant’s evidence that he had personally witnessed the plaintiff’s
wrongdoings is incredible;

(b) the defendant failed to adduce credible evidence that his information
originated from the Informants;

(c) there is no credible evidence supporting the defendant’s allegation that
he had investigated and gathered evidence of the plaintiff’s unlawful conduct
before sending out the E-mails;

(d) the defendant’s delay in surfacing one of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements; and

(e) the defendant’s post-publication conduct, namely his failure to mention
the plaintiff’s alleged wrongdoings during the 15 November Meeting.

(1) The defendant’s evidence that he had personally witnessed the plaintiff’s
wrongdoings is incredible

91 The defendant claimed in his AEIC that the contents of the 13 August E-mail
originated from the Informants, including one Mr Hengky Wijaya, one Mr Anga,
one Mr Jeffrey, and one Mr Jonli. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

LKW at paras 17–18.

This is also the defendant’s pleaded position. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defence at para 7.

However, the defendant’s position changed drastically at trial. When
confronted with the contents of the 13 August E-mail, wherein the defendant
stated that he “witnessed some of the corruption practices by [the plaintiff]
and Mr Kelvin Loh from year 2008 to 2011 until today” [emphasis added], 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

ABOD at p 16.

the defendant claimed that he had witnessed all of the wrongdoings referred to
in the 13 August E-mail. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 10 lines 5–7.

Quite apart from this, further inconsistencies arose in the course of the
defendant’s oral testimony. When confronted with his own conflicting evidence,
the defendant could only muster a feeble attempt at explaining away the
inconsistencies. As will be demonstrated, all these go towards showing that
the defendant’s allegation, that he had personally witnessed the
transgressions listed in the 13 August E-mail, is a mere afterthought.

92 I begin with the defendant’s evidence as to how he came to know that the
plaintiff acquired commissions from Lian Beng Energy’s creditors in exchange
for giving an assurance that they would be repaid.

(a) The defendant claimed in his AEIC that he had obtained information
regarding this Alleged Defamatory Statement from his Informants. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

LKW at para 18(a).

(b) On the stand, the defendant claimed that he saw Mr Low receive the
commission in a bag. This was accompanied by an express clarification that he
did not see the plaintiff receive commissions. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 10 lines 8–18.

(c) A few moments later, the defendant changed his position again by claiming
that he personally saw the plaintiff receive 10–20% commission from the
creditors. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 11 lines 1–5.

(d) When the defendant was subsequently asked to identify which of the four
Informants named in his AEIC provided him with information relating to this
Alleged Defamatory Statement, the defendant named Mr Anga. According to the
defendant, Mr Anga was the “[b]oss of CV Putra Borneo”, which was one of the
creditors who allegedly paid commissions to the plaintiff. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

LKW at para 17(d)(ii); ABOD at p 16.

The plaintiff’s counsel then challenged the defendant’s earlier testimony that
he had witnessed the plaintiff’s receipt of commissions: 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 18 line 23 to p 19 line 8.

Q So Mr Anga gave you information on (a), correct?

A Correct.

Q So you never witnessed anything, correct? It’s based on his information,
correct?

A You want me to explain?

Q Yes or no? (a) is based on information given by Mr Anga. Yes or no?

A It’s not just information. It’s not just information, Sir.

Court: What is it?

Witness: He used to bring lots of money. He used to bring a lot of money.

Q He used to play a lot of money? Pay?

A No, bring. Bring a lot.

Che: Bring.

A Bring – bring a lot of money.

Q “He” meaning Mr Anga?

A Anga. In a bag, in a big bag because Indonesian currency is very small, so
he used a big bag.

Court: So who brings the money in the big bag? Mr Anga?

Witness: Mr Anga.

In brief, the defendant’s reply was that the Alleged Defamatory Statement was
not only based on information given by Mr Anga, but was also based on his
sighting of Mr Anga bringing a big bag of money. I make two points. First,
seeing Mr Anga bring a big bag of money does not adequately account for the
Alleged Defamatory Statement that the plaintiff received commissions from
creditors in exchange for an assurance that they would be repaid. Second, it
was never stated in the defendant’s AEIC that he saw Mr Anga bring a bag of
money. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 19 lines 9–12.

All the defendant stated in his AEIC was that the Informants had “complained”
to him about the plaintiff’s misdemeanours. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

LKW at para 18.

Witnessing Mr Anga bring a big bag of money does not square with the
description of receiving a complaint from Mr Anga. All these indicate that the
alleged sighting of Mr Anga bringing a bag of money was merely an afterthought
by the defendant, in his attempt to reconcile his evidence that he personally
witnessed the wrongdoing, with his evidence that the information was given to
him by Mr Anga.

93 Next, in relation to the Alleged Defamatory Statement which refers to the
plaintiff having an interest in PT Buana Lintas Samudera and collecting more
than US$500,000 from its transactions with MRL, the defendant initially
testified that he witnessed the wrongdoing referred to in this Alleged
Defamatory Statement. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 10 lines 5–7.

When the defendant later resiled from this position and claimed that he did
not see the plaintiff collect money in respect of PT Buana Lintas Samudera’s
transactions with MRL, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 15 lines 21–24.

he was again confronted with the 13 August E-mail wherein he stated that he
had “witnessed” the plaintiff’s wrongdoings. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

ABOD at p 16.

Backed into a corner, the defendant claimed that his description in the 13
August E-mail was not perfect. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 16 lines 20–23.

However, this contradicts another part of the defendant’s oral testimony where
he accepted that he used the word “witnessed” in the 13 August E-mail to mean
that he personally saw the plaintiff commit these wrongdoings. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 26 lines 8–23.

This is another instance of the defendant’s feeble attempt to shore up his
internally inconsistent evidence, which constantly vacillated as to whether he
had witnessed the plaintiff’s wrongdoing involving PT Buana Lintas Samudera.

94 I now move on to the defendant’s evidence as to how he came to know that
the plaintiff owned a small shipyard premise, which was rented out to MRL for
storage purposes. In his AEIC, the defendant claimed that the Informants had
supplied him with information regarding this Alleged Defamatory Statement. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

LKW at para 18(f).

On the stand, however, the defendant claimed that he had witnessed the
allegation encompassed in this Alleged Defamatory Statement because “[his]
storage [was] there, so [he] used to … go to their shipyard”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 16 line 26 to p 17 line 6.

If what the defendant claimed on the stand were true, it is puzzling why this
piece of information was never stated in his AEIC. No explanation for this was
provided.

95 Turning to the Alleged Defamatory Statements found in the 14 August E-mail,
the defendant’s AEIC was devoid of details as to his basis for those
allegations. At trial, the defendant initially testified that he had witnessed
the misconduct set out in the 14 August E-mail. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 22 lines 20–26.

As the plain meaning of the Alleged Defamatory Statements in the 14 August
E-mail is that the plaintiff and his associates, including Mr Low, had
committed acts of cheating, abuse and criminal breach of trust, the defendant
essentially testified that he had witnessed the plaintiff committing acts of
cheating, abuse and criminal breach of trust.

96 However, in so far as the allegation of criminal breach of trust is
concerned, the defendant subsequently took a different position: he only
witnessed Mr Low (and not the plaintiff) keeping monies after sales were made.
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 24 lines 1–16.

97 As for the allegation of cheating, the defendant clarified that he used the
word “cheating” to refer to the act of inflating the prices on invoices. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 23 lines 3–11.

However, he later conceded that he did not witness the plaintiff engage in
such acts of cheating: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 23 lines 12–21.

Court: So what did you witness?

Witness: What I’m saying, inflate the invoices, the price – the price of the
repair or what or the purchase, then you can see there’s a difference there,
very different. I’ll consider this one as cheating.

Q So you saw my client inflate the invoices?

A It was already leaked out from the account department.

Q So you did not see my client engage in this inflating of invoices, it was
from something that you saw from the accounts department, correct?

A Yah, I’m not allowed to enter the account department.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

98 Finally, when asked to explain the allegation of abuse, the defendant
responded as follows: 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 23 lines 22–31.

Q Abuse. What is “abuse”? What abuse did my client do? What did you witness?
What abuse did you witness my client commit?

A Okay, first, like I say when you employ a Malaysian in Singapore to work in
Indonesia, but working for his company and not PT Aneka. So I consider it’s
abuse. Another one is that he buy over my men. My superin – I – my supervisor
also doing part job for them. Part-time job for them. It is totally abuse to
me.

Q What you just said is not in your 13th of August email and it’s not in your
affidavit, correct? Again, this is the first time we’re hearing this, correct?

A Yah, yah. Yes.

As the defendant rightly conceded, these allegations were entirely new and
never raised in his AEIC or the 13 August E-mail. This is yet another instance
of the defendant inexplicably leaving out evidence, which would have been
material to his case, from his AEIC.

99 Summing up the foregoing, it is apparent to me that the defendant had
concocted the allegation that he had “witnessed” the plaintiff’s wrongdoings.
He took this position only when he was confronted with the 13 August E-mail on
the stand. This position did not feature anywhere in his AEIC: his AEIC merely
claimed that the information in the 13 August E-mail originated from the
Informants, and his AEIC was bereft of details as to his basis for the 14
August E-mail. No explanation was given as to why he had omitted to mention
that he personally witnessed the plaintiff’s wrongdoings in his AEIC. This
position proved to be indefensible as the cross-examination progressed. At
times, when forced to specify what he saw, it became clear that what he
allegedly saw did not lend any support to the Alleged Defamatory Statements
(see above at [92(d)], [96] and [97]). For four of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements, the defendant’s oral testimony oscillated as regards whether he
witnessed or did not witness the plaintiff’s wrongful acts (see above at
[92(b)]–[92(c)], [93], [95]–[97]). I therefore disbelieve the defendant’s
evidence that he had personally witnessed the plaintiff’s wrongdoings that
were set out in the E-mails.

(2) Absence of credible evidence that the defendant’s information originated
from the Informants

100 There is no objective evidence in the form of e-mail correspondence or
messages between the Informants and the defendant proving that the defendant
had obtained his information from the Informants. Furthermore, the defendant
is the only witness before this court who has personal knowledge of whether
his information came from the Informants. The defendant claimed that the
Informants had told him the relevant information “through handphone or face-
to-face meetings”, and no one else was present during his conversations with
the Informants. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

LKW at para 19.

The Informants were not called as witnesses.

101 Accordingly, the question is whether the defendant’s evidence, that he had
obtained his information from the Informants, can be believed. In this regard,
I find the defendant’s evidence incredible, as the timing of events simply
does not add up.

102 The defendant claimed in his AEIC that his Informants had complained to
him about the plaintiff’s misdemeanours while he was working at Lian Beng
Energy. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

LKW at para 18.

The defendant confirmed this at trial. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 20 lines 19–21.

The defendant also confirmed at trial that Lian Beng Energy had ceased its
business at the end of 2008. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 52 lines 13–17.

In other words, on the defendant’s account of events, the Informants
complained to him in the year 2008, or in the years before 2008. This is
surprising because many of the Alleged Defamatory Statements concern matters
which took place in 2009, 2010 and 2011.

103 Counsel for the plaintiff confronted the defendant with this issue at
trial. The defendant’s only explanation for this was that even though Lian
Beng Energy was winding up at the end of 2008, he was still a “commissioner”
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 20 line 22 to p 21 line 7.

who disposed of equipment and cleared outstanding payments. Hence, he was
“delayed for [a] few more [sic] months before [he] [could] leave the site
totally”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 52 line 28 to p 53 line 13.

104 However, there is no official record or other objective evidence verifying
that the defendant was acting as a “commissioner” in the first few months of
2009, following the cessation of Lian Beng Energy’s business. The defendant
also did not call any of his Informants to give evidence. The defendant’s
assertion in this regard remains a bare one. Even if I assume that the
Informants complained to the defendant in the first few months of 2009, this
still does not adequately account for how the Informants could have relayed
information pertaining to events that took place in 2010 and 2011.

105 In these circumstances, the defendant has failed to put forward any
credible evidence showing that the Alleged Defamatory Statements originated
from the Informants.

(3) Absence of credible evidence showing that the defendant had conducted his
own investigations

106 The defendant also asserted during cross-examination that he had conducted
his own investigations and gathered evidence of the plaintiff’s unlawful
conduct before sending the 13 August E-mail. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 9 lines 3–9.

Setting aside the fact that this was not pleaded by the defendant, I am unable
to accept this assertion for two reasons.

107 First, the defendant himself acknowledged that this assertion was raised
for the first time during his oral testimony. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 9 lines 21–24.

It was not set out anywhere in the defendant’s AEIC. All that was asserted in
his AEIC was that he had “suspicions” concerning the plaintiff’s “purported
misdemeanours”, and that he had treated the matter with “utmost care” before
deciding to raise these allegations to Mr Ho’s attention. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

LKW at paras 11–12.

The defendant accepted that accumulating evidence against the plaintiff is
very different from claiming that he had suspicions concerning the plaintiff’s
conduct. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 25 lines 12–24.

108 Second, as the plaintiff rightly points out, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 114.

the defendant has failed to adduce any evidence before this court proving that
he had conducted investigations into the plaintiff’s conduct. No satisfactory
explanation was given for this complete lack of evidence. The defendant
claimed that he had submitted “[m]ost of [the] evidence” to the “office”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 25 line 28 to p 26 line 7.

In re-examination, he explained that this “office” referred to MRL’s main
office and PT Banyan’s office in Balikpapan. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 54 line 17 to p 55 line 1.

It is difficult to accept the defendant’s evidence in this regard. There is no
objective evidence, such as e-mail correspondence, proving that he submitted
the evidence to MRL and PT Banyan. There was also no evidence to that effect
from Mr Ho. No other staff from MRL or PT Banyan was called to testify that he
or she received evidence allegedly gathered by the plaintiff.

109 On a related note, the defendant claimed during cross-examination that he
compiled a list comparing the market price in Samarinda and the prices quoted
by Mega Jaya and Abadi Jaya. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 19 lines 13–30.

This allegedly formed the basis of the Alleged Defamatory Statement that the
plaintiff and Mr Low collected a total sum of US$700,000 as a result of their
interests in three of PT Aneka’s suppliers: Mega Jaya, Abadi Jaya and CV
Sunjaya. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

ABOD at p 16.

The defendant explained that he could not have disclosed this list in the
present proceedings because he had left it in Indonesia. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 19 lines 15–24.

110 I disbelieve the defendant’s explanation. At the material time, he was
still in Indonesia working at PT Aneka. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

LKW at para 4(d); LKC at para 16.

If the defendant did in fact compile this list while he was in Indonesia, he
would have sent it to Mr Ho along with the 13 August E-mail. After all, the
defendant claimed that he had conducted his own investigations before he sent
the 13 August E-mail. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 9 lines 3–9.

However, there is no indication in the 13 August E-mail, or in any other
e-mail correspondence thereafter, that the defendant had provided this list to
Mr Ho.

111 In October 2011, Mr Ho told the defendant that there was insufficient
evidence against the plaintiff. Mr Ho informed the defendant via e-mail that
he needed “cast iron proof rather than ‘hear say’”, and that it was difficult
to “nail” the plaintiff on the current evidence. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

ABOD at p 177.

Mr Ho also told the defendant in a separate e-mail sent on 6 October 2011 that
“we do not have any evidence against [the plaintiff]”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

ABOD at p 185.

The defendant accepted during cross-examination that he had understood Mr Ho
to mean that there was no evidence at all against the plaintiff. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 29 lines 7–11.

Had this list existed, the defendant would have brought this list to Mr Ho’s
attention when the latter aired his concerns regarding the state of evidence.
Yet, there is no evidence that the defendant ever provided Mr Ho with this
list.

112 In the light of the foregoing, the defendant has failed to adduce credible
evidence in support of his assertion that he had conducted his own
investigations and had accumulated evidence on the plaintiff’s misconduct
prior to sending the 13 August E-mail.

(4) Delay in surfacing one of the Alleged Defamatory Statements

113 On the defendant’s account of events, the Alleged Defamatory Statement
concerning the plaintiff’s conspiracy with the creditors of Lian Beng Energy
was only brought to Mr Ho’s attention three years after the defendant came to
know of the conspiracy. The defendant claimed that he had witnessed the
plaintiff conspiring with the creditors of Lian Beng Energy in 2008. Yet, this
was only brought to Mr Ho’s attention on 13 August 2011, via the 13 August
E-mail. When confronted with this delay, his only response was that he did not
think that it was necessary to report it earlier. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 13 lines 12–22.

This is implausible given the seriousness of the allegation made. No other
proper explanation was put forward to account for the delay of three years.
This renders the defendant’s claim that he had witnessed the plaintiff
conspiring with the creditors of Lian Beng Energy even more improbable than it
already is.

(5) Post-publication conduct

114 There is case authority that the defendant’s conduct following the
publication of the impugned material can support an inference that the
defendant published those materials out of malice: see Goh Lay Khim and others
v Isabel Redrup Agency Pte Ltd and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 546 at [82] and
[83].

115 In his submissions, the plaintiff seeks to rely on the fact that the
defendant did not retract the Alleged Defamatory Statements after being
informed by Mr Ho that there was insufficient evidence to back up his claims.
158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PCS at paras 122–128.

As this additional ground is not pleaded by the plaintiff, and bearing in mind
O 78 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed), I decline to make a factual
finding on this point.

116 What the plaintiff has pleaded in support of his case is the defendant’s
omission to mention the plaintiff’s wrongdoings during the 15 November
Meeting. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Reply at para 11(b).

For context, the 15 November Meeting was attended by the defendant as well as
members of the MRL Board, some of whom were the audit committee board members.
The plaintiff did not attend the 15 November Meeting. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

ABOD at p 303.

117 Turning to the evidence, the meeting minutes of the 15 November Meeting
show that the defendant had omitted to bring up the plaintiff’s wrongdoings
during that meeting. This is also not disputed by the defendant. The defendant
explained that he did not talk about the plaintiff’s misconduct because it was
a question-and-answer session and the MRL board members did not ask him a
question that required him to raise this point. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 32 line 30 to p 33 line 13.

In re-examination, the defendant even went so far as to say that the MRL board
members did not even question him about the plaintiff, so it was not for him
to raise matters about the plaintiff. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 56 lines 1–24.

118 The last point is patently untrue. The minutes of the 15 November Meeting
clearly show that the MRL board members raised questions relating to the
plaintiff. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

ABOD at p 305 (at paras 14 and 16).

The defendant could have taken those opportunities to draw the plaintiff’s
misconduct to their attention.

119 I note that the way in which the meeting minutes are worded does indicate
that the 15 November Meeting was conducted in a question-and-answer format. Be
that as it may, given the gravity of the allegations levelled against the
plaintiff, and the fact that the plaintiff was a director of MRL at the
material time, the MRL board members would certainly have wanted to hear the
defendant out even if they had not asked a question which required him to
raise this issue.

120 In addition, the questions posed to the defendant during the meeting
clearly related to the operations of PT Aneka. Since most of the plaintiff’s
wrongdoings set out in the E-mails relate to the running of PT Aneka, the 15
November Meeting presented itself as a great opportunity for the defendant to
inform the MRL board members of the plaintiff’s multiple transgressions. The
plaintiff was also not present at that meeting.

121 Yet, the defendant did not raise any of the plaintiff’s misconduct set out
in the E-mails. This is at odds with the defendant’s claims in his AEIC that
he felt “duty bound to forward the complaints” to Mr Ho, 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

LKW at para 21.

and that he “had not come across any evidence that revealed to him that the
allegations were false”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCS at para 122.

If so, then one would have thought that he would similarly act on that same
sense of duty and seize the opportunity to bring the plaintiff’s misconduct to
the board members’ attention at the 15 November Meeting, especially since they
had the power and authority to put an end to the plaintiff’s wrongdoings. But
he did not.

122 The defendant’s omission to mention the plaintiff’s wrongdoings during the
15 November Meeting is telling. It indicates that at the time of publication,
the defendant had no honest belief in the truth of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements. He knew that these allegations could not stand up to scrutiny,
which was why he kept quiet about these allegations when he went face to face
with members of the MRL Board. It also indicates that the defendant had no
Informants, and had not gathered evidence of the plaintiff’s misconduct or
personally witnessed any of the misconduct. If he had, he could have relayed
what he saw to the MRL board members, presented the evidence he had gathered
and given the names of his Informants so that the MRL board members could
interview them.

Conclusion: The defendant was motivated by malice

123 I am satisfied that the defendant was motivated by malice when he
published the E-mails to Mr Ho. The plaintiff has pointed to the defendant’s
inexplicable omission to raise the plaintiff’s misconduct to the MRL board
members during the 15 November Meeting. In turn, the defendant is unable to
adduce any credible evidence of his basis for making any of the Alleged
Defamatory Statements. He pleaded in his Defence that he had obtained his
information from his Informants. At trial, however, he asserted for the first
time that he had personally witnessed all of the plaintiff’s wrongdoings as
detailed in the E-mails and had conducted his own investigations into the
plaintiff’s conduct. Quite apart from the fact that a new narrative had
emerged at trial, these alleged sources of information are either riddled with
internal inconsistencies or consist only of bare assertions which are
implausible in the surrounding circumstances and unsupported by objective
evidence.

124 How the defendant came to know of information underlying the Alleged
Defamatory Statements is something squarely within the defendant’s knowledge.
Yet, he is unable to get his story straight. The natural inference to draw
from the state of the defendant’s evidence is that he had simply invented
these allegations. It follows that he did not have an honest belief in the
truth of the Alleged Defamatory Statements.

125 A main plank of the defendant’s case is that he had no way of knowing
whether the information provided to him was false. He merely forwarded the
information he received to Mr Ho, who had the power to investigate. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

DCS at paras 79–80.

The defendant relies on the legal proposition that a publisher’s failure to
obtain independent verification of the alleged defamatory statement does not
in itself demonstrate a lack of honest belief: Price Waterhouse Intrust Ltd v
Wee Choo Keong and others [1994] 2 SLR(R) 1070 at [45]. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

DCS at para 59.

The defendant also points to case authorities which observed that people ought
not to be expected to form their beliefs by a process of logical deduction
from facts ascertained by a rigorous search for all available evidence and a
judicious assessment of its probative value. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

DCS at paras 60 and 68.

126 These propositions are certainly sound in principle, but they are simply
not applicable to the instant facts. This is not a case where the defendant
had received information from certain sources and conveyed it to Mr Ho without
verification. It is also not a case where the defendant personally witnessed
certain events and relayed his observations to Mr Ho without searching for
more evidence to corroborate what he saw. This is a case where the defendant
spun his own tale. There was simply nothing to verify.

127 Another argument raised by the defendant is that the plaintiff must
demonstrate that the allegations were so unbelievable that the defendant could
not reasonably have believed them. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

DCS at para 117.

In support of this argument the defendant relies on Low Tuck Kwong, where the
Court of Appeal at [84] cited Scrutton LJ’s remarks in Greers Ltd v Pearman
and Corder Ltd (1922) 39 RPC 406 at 417:

Honest belief in an unfounded claim is not malice. But the nature of the
unfounded claim may be evidence that there was not an honest belief in it. It
may be so unfounded that the particular fact that it is put forward may be
evidence that it is not honestly believed.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

128 These authorities do not assist the defendant. To the contrary, they
support the plaintiff’s case by showing that an inference of a lack of honest
belief should be drawn where the claim is so unfounded. As the analysis of the
evidence reveals, the defendant’s alleged belief was completely unfounded. The
defendant is unable to put forward any credible evidence that he had made
these Alleged Defamatory Statements based on his own observations, information
from his Informants, or his investigations. The complete lack of basis for the
Alleged Defamatory Statements not only supports the inference that the
defendant did not have an honest belief in them, but also leads to the
conclusion that the defendant knew that they were false because they were
conjured up by him.

129 To close off this section, I reiterate the comments by the Court of Appeal
in Lim Eng Hock Peter at [41]:

… The rationale underpinning the privilege is that because the defendant has a
moral, social or legal duty to disclose the information and the recipient has
an interest in receiving it, he should not be penalised for making an honest
mistake. This will be the case where the defendant publishes statements which
he genuinely believes to be true and accurate. He cannot claim the protection
of privilege, whatever his dominant intention or motive may be, if he knows
that what he has written or said was untrue. …

[emphasis added]

I therefore find that the defendant is not entitled to the protection of
qualified privilege given that he published the E-mails to Mr Ho with malice.

Damages

130 Before considering the amount of damages to award, I will first determine
whether the Alleged Defamatory Statements had been republished as a matter of
fact, and whether such republication was foreseeable to the defendant. This is
because the damages to be assessed for the original publication include
foreseeable losses, such as those arising from foreseeable republication (Goh
Chok Tong at [127] cited with approval in Low Tuck Kwong at [38]). If there
had been a foreseeable republication of the Alleged Defamatory Statements, the
quantum of damages ought to be calibrated accordingly.

Republication of the Alleged Defamatory Statements

131 The plaintiff contends that the E-mails, or the sense and substance of the
Alleged Defamatory Statements, were republished to the audit committee board
members as well as the entire MRL Board. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

PCS at paras 158–167.

These republications were not too remotely foreseeable a consequence. In fact,
the defendant had authorised and intended these republications. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

PCS at paras 168–173.

132 On this point, the defendant only takes issue with the limited
particularity with which republication is pleaded. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

DCS at paras 32(b) and 35–36.

This has already been dealt with above at [63]–[64].

Applicable legal principles

133 In The Wellness Group Pte Ltd and another v OSIM International Ltd and
others and another suit [2016] 3 SLR 729 (“The Wellness Group”), Mr Manoj
Mohan Murjani (“Manoj”), on behalf of The Wellness Group Pte Ltd (“TWG”),
issued a press statement about Suit No 187 of 2014 (“S187/2014”), an ongoing
suit commenced in the High Court by TWG and Manoj (“the TWG Press Statement”).
The Straits Times approached Manoj for a copy of the writ of summons and
statement of claim in S187/2014, and Manoj obliged (at [50]). The TWG Press
Statement and the writ of summons and statement of claim in S187/2014 will be
collectively referred to as “the Original Publication”. Shortly thereafter,
the Straits Times published an article (“the ST Article”) about S187/2014 (at
[52]). Six of the defendants in S187/2014 counterclaimed for defamation
against Manoj and TWG.

134 The counterclaim in defamation was premised on the republication in the ST
Article as opposed to the Original Publication (at [52] and [221]). As a
result, one of the issues was whether Manoj and TWG were responsible for the
republication by the Straits Times (at [222(a)]). Chua Lee Ming JC (as he then
was) held that where the republisher uses language that is his own, the
defendant who can be said to have authorised the republication will remain
liable so long as the republication adheres to the sense and substance of the
statement given by the defendant (at [228]). On the facts of that case, Manoj
and TWG intended the Straits Times to publish an article based on the Original
Publication (at [225]). As the republication in the ST Article adhered to the
sense and substance of the Original Publication, the defendants were found
responsible for the republication by The Straits Times (at [228]–[229]).

135 Unlike the defendants’ counterclaim in The Wellness Group, the plaintiff’s
claim in defamation, in so far as liability (as opposed to damages) is
concerned, is predicated on the publication of the E-mails to Mr Ho. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

SOC at para 9–10.

He is nevertheless claiming damages for the republication of the E-mails to
the MRL Board on the basis that such republication was not too remotely
foreseeable a consequence and was intended by the defendant. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PCS at paras 156 and 168; Reply at para 6.

136 Notwithstanding this difference in the factual matrix, the principle in
The Wellness Group should apply to the present case. In other words, the
defendant in the present case ought to be liable for damages arising out of
any republication which adheres to the sense and substance of the Alleged
Defamatory Statements, as long as he intended or authorised that
republication. Such republication would naturally be a consequence that is not
too remotely foreseeable.

Whether the Alleged Defamatory Statements were republished

137 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is that the Alleged Defamatory Statements
were republished to members of the MRL Board (see above at [63]). At the
material time, three members of the MRL Board formed the audit committee (“the
audit committee board members”). In my view, the plaintiff’s pleaded case is
wide enough to cover any republication to the audit committee board members.

138 On the evidence before me, I find that the sense and substance of all the
Alleged Defamatory Statements was republished to the three audit committee
board members (Mr Liow Keng Teck, Mr Thia Peng Heok George and either Mr Choo
Hsun Yang or Mr Tjio Kay Loen). 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

27 April 2021 Transcript at p 48 line 24 to p 49 line 5; 28 April 2021
Transcript at p 42 line 9 and 17–18, p 83 lines 26–30; PCS at para 162.

The sense and substance of two of the Alleged Defamatory Statements (which are
set out below at [149]) was also republished to the entire MRL Board, save for
the plaintiff, via the 4 November Report. As mentioned at [41]–[42] above, the
plaintiff’s uncontradicted evidence was that he was not allowed to have sight
of the whistle-blowing report. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

LKC at para 69.

The entire MRL Board consisted of nine directors. Hence, apart from Mr Ho, the
plaintiff and the three audit committee board members, there were only four
other directors. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

ABOD at pp 55, 66 and 70.

139 Since the defendant intended for the Alleged Defamatory Statements to be
communicated to the audit committee board members as well as the entire MRL
Board, the plaintiff is entitled to damages arising out of these
republications. I now turn to elaborate on my reasons for these findings.

(1) Events after the defendant sent the E-mails to Mr Ho

140 Mr Ho gave evidence on the various follow-up actions he undertook upon
receiving the E-mails from the defendant. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 82 line 14 to p 86 line 9.

He first visited Samarinda to talk to various suppliers and ex-employees in
late August 2011. He then appointed UHY in early September 2011 to conduct an
audit review for PT Aneka. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

ABOD at p 24.

UHY provided him with an oral report in late September 2011. In early October
2011, Mr Ho met with the audit committee board members on a “couple of
occasions” for oral discussions. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 44 lines 1–2.

141 Mr Ho elaborated on his interactions with the audit committee board
members in early October 2011. He claimed that he did not show them the
E-mails during their discussions. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 42 lines 25–27, p 43 lines 5–8.

Instead, he verbally told them that there were some problems with the
Indonesian operations and that there were allegations of wrongdoings by “a
senior member of staff” and “a mid-level person”. He also informed them that
he was waiting for the independent accountant’s report and would make further
enquiries. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 83 line 20 to p 84 line 3.

142 When asked whether the audit committee board members were aware of the
gist and the substance of the E-mails, Mr Ho’s initial position was that they
did not know the contents of the E-mails “in full detail”. He claimed that he
only gave them “some idea” of the allegations of fraud and dishonesty made
against the plaintiff and Mr Low, and stated that what he told them was
summarised in the 4 November Report. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 44 lines 5–20.

143 However, when the plaintiff’s counsel pursued this point, Mr Ho conceded
that the audit committee board members knew of the gist, substance and details
of the allegations that were made against the plaintiff and Mr Low in the
E-mails: 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 45 line 1 to p 46 line 27.

Q Now turn to AB57. AB57, the first page will be AB55 which is the minutes of
the board meeting on the 9th of November. Do you see that?

...

Q And:

[Reads] “It was noted” – the next paragraph – “that the AC had deliberated on
the WB report before today’s board meeting and the AC had brought the matter
to the Board Chairman’s attention.”

Do you see that?

A Yes.

Q So it certainly appears that the – this public-listed company, in compliance
with its whistleblowing policy, had gone through the procedures of the AC
deliberating on the whistleblowing report –

A Right.

Q – and bringing the matter to the board’s chairman, and the board chairman,
in the third paragraph, talking about the operations in Indonesia, and the
fourth paragraph, the board chairman proposing that someone from Banyan, which
is the related company, send someone there to oversee the operations. Do you
see that? There’s been some deliberations, correct?

A Yes.

Q So wouldn’t it – would it be correct to say that in order for the AC to have
deliberated, for the board to have discussed this whistleblowing report, that
they must have known the gist, the substance, the details of the allegations
that have been made against the two individuals in these two emails? Would you
agree with me?

A Yes.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

144 I take the view that this concession only extends to the audit committee
board members (and not the entire MRL Board) knowing of the gist, substance
and details of the allegations in the E-mails. The question by the plaintiff’s
counsel is to be read as asking whether the audit committee board members must
have known the gist, substance and details of the allegations in the E-mails,
in order to be in a position to consider those allegations with a view of
bringing them to the attention of the entire MRL Board. This interpretation is
buttressed by the fact that the questions preceding this part of the cross-
examination focused on the audit committee board members’ knowledge of the
sense and substance of the allegations, 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

See 28 April 2021 Transcript at p 43 line 29 to p 44 line 32.

as opposed to the knowledge of the entire MRL Board. I also note that in his
closing submissions, the plaintiff relies on this concession only for the
purpose of proving his case of republication to the audit committee board
members. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

PCS at paras 158–160 and 166.

145 After Mr Ho’s oral discussions with the audit committee board members, UHY
completed its written report on 2 November 2011. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

ABOD at pp 21–48.

Mr Ho then prepared the 4 November Report. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

ABOD at pp 88–89.

Mr Ho testified that the audit committee board members saw the 4 November
Report before it was given to the entire MRL Board. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 42 lines 9–12.

Mr Ho’s evidence was that during the 9 November Board Meeting, he did not show
the MRL Board the E-mails or disclose the full contents of the E-mails. All he
told the MRL Board was that he had received e-mails which led to the 4
November Report. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

28 April 2021 Transcript at p 42 lines 19–27, p 43 lines 5–8.

This is not contradicted by the meeting minutes of the 9 November Board
Meeting. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

ABOD at p 57.

(2) Analysis: Was there republication to the audit committee board members?

146 From the evidence set out above, I find that the sense and substance of
the Alleged Defamatory Statements had been republished by Mr Ho to the audit
committee board members. There are two reasons for this.

147 First, Mr Ho conceded that the audit committee board members knew of the
gist, substance and details of the allegations that were made against the
plaintiff in the E-mails. Since Mr Ho met them on a couple of occasions to
discuss the allegations made against the plaintiff and Mr Low, Mr Ho must have
republished the sense and substance of all the Alleged Defamatory Statements
to the audit committee board members during their oral discussions.

148 Second, this finding is consistent with the context in which Mr Ho’s oral
discussions with the audit committee board members took place. It is important
to appreciate that there was no written document accompanying Mr Ho’s oral
report to the audit committee board members: he did not show them the E-mails,
and their discussions took place before UHY completed its written report on 2
November 2011 and before the 4 November Report was prepared. If Mr Ho had not
told the audit committee board members the details of the allegations in the
E-mails, their oral discussions would have been in a vacuum. It also would not
make sense for Mr Ho to have met the audit committee board members on a couple
of occasions if all they had to work with was Mr Ho’s broad-sweeping
statements that there had been some wrongdoings by a “senior member of staff”
and “a mid-level person” (see above at [141]–[142]). Furthermore, the audit
committee board members were in charge of receiving whistle-blowing reports in
a public listed company. They could not have been satisfied with receiving a
whistle-blowing report which only contained broad allegations of some
wrongdoing concerning the Indonesian operations. They would most probably have
inquired further and prompted Mr Ho to convey the details of the allegations
in the E-mails.

(3) Analysis: Was there republication to the entire MRL Board?

149 I now turn to consider whether there was a republication of the Alleged
Defamatory Statements to the entire MRL Board. Much of the analysis will turn
on the contents of the 4 November Report as well as the 13 August E-mail. The
relevant portions of the 13 August E-mail read: 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

ABOD at p 16.

b) In PT Aneka (2009) they started 2 companies Mega Jaya and Abadi Jaya
(managed by Miss Nanin Wirowah Hadi) the later married to Kelvin Loh in year
2010 and having a baby boy in 2011. These companies controlled all the
supplies to PT Aneka daily materials request like marine paints, lubricants,
repair kits, consumable, hardware and etc, etc. On top of these they
controlled one company CV Sunjaya to repair all barges’ sideboards and
steelworks, rental LBE machineries to this company and kept the rental charges
like generator sets, welding machines, air compressor and others, all the
scrap materials sold never returned to company PT Aneka. They inflated around
30-50% in the Sunjaya invoices. Total sum they collected crossed USD 700 K

c) Year 2010 they started another company PT Buana Lintas Samudera (Director -
Miss Nanin Wirowah Hadi) collaborated with the company Harapan Baru to
controlled all tugs & barges repairs in Samarinda, inflating all the invoices
by adding 30%, reason from Kelvin Loh, very simple - [the plaintiff] already
approved, shutting off the subject. They collected more than USD 500 K thru
this scheme

150 I reproduce the 4 November Report in full below: 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

ABOD at pp 88–89.

1\. I received an email from a staff member of Aneka Sumudera Linta, our
Indonesian shipping subsidiary, on 13 August 2011 alleging [the plaintiff] and
Kelvin Low, general manager of Aneka Samudera Lintas, are defrauding company.

2\. After doing further research and collection of information, including
interview with some Aneka Staff members, I am able to establish that Kelvin
Low, through two companies owned by his wife (Nanin), have been dealing with
Aneka without authority and without declaring his interests.

3\. One company, CV Mega Jaya, has virtually monopolized supplies of hardware
and consumables to Aneka since mid-2009, and has been overcharging Aneka as
high as 35% over what can be obtained from other suppliers. Taking what Aneka
has actually spent on filters and engine oil alone in the month of October,
the difference in prices work out to be Rp 135 million (USD 15,000).

4\. Another company, PT Buana Lintas Marine, has been doing a lot of repair
work on Aneka vessels since 2009, with evidence of overcharging Aneka on rate
and quantity. Low has certified invoices accordingly. At the same time, Buana
has also chartered Aneka’s vessels at what appears to be low rate as approved
by [the plaintiff].

5\. After confronting Kelvin Low on the above, he tendered his resignation.

6\. We have recovered Rp9,300 million of receivables from Buana out of total
outstanding of Rp13,800 million. Buana is claiming repair bills and other
charter contract claims of Rp4,000 million or so. We are trying to ascertain
whether Buana’s claim is substantiable.

7\. Mega Jaya has claimed invoice of about Rp2,300 million against Aneka.
Aneka has told Mega Jaya there has been irregularities and is conducting
investigation. Until it is clear, Aneka is not paying. Mega Jaya has resorted
to using physical threat on Aneka’s staff.

8\. One other ship-repairer, Harapan Baru, has also been used to siphon funds
out of Aneka through invoice inflation method. Harapan Baru is owned by an
unrelated party.

9\. [The plaintiff] has been tasked to manage Aneka and since he is named in
the whistle blower’s email to me, he should be given an opportunity to answer
some of the questions raised.

10. As there is strong evidence of irregularities at Aneka, [i]t is recommended that an ad-hoc board committee be set up to investigate the matters and make a report to the board.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

151 Reading the 4 November Report in its entirety, a reasonable reader would
understand it as indirectly claiming that the 13 August E-mail contained
allegations that the plaintiff was involved in defrauding PT Aneka through its
transactions with CV Mega Jaya and PT Buana Lintas Marine. The first paragraph
of the 4 November Report claimed that the 13 August E-mail alleged that Mr Low
and the plaintiff were “defrauding company”. While there was no explicit
elaboration of how the plaintiff was defrauding the company, the next few
paragraphs are telling. Paragraph 2 stated that after doing “further research
and collection of information” [emphasis added], Mr Ho was “able to establish”
that Mr Low had been dealing with PT Aneka through two companies, CV Mega Jaya
(see paragraph 3) and PT Buana Lintas Marine (see paragraph 4). Objectively
understood, paragraph 2 claimed that Mr Ho undertook follow-up actions based
on the allegations stated in the 13 August E-mail and confirmed the
allegations that Mr Low had been transacting with PT Aneka through those two
companies. In other words, the 13 August E-mail contained allegations that Mr
Low had been dealing with PT Aneka through CV Mega Jaya and PT Buana Lintas
Marine. Paragraphs 3 and 4 of the 4 November Report proceeded to elaborate on
how both of these companies, which supplied goods and services to PT Aneka,
had been overcharging the latter. Paragraph 9 of the 4 November Report stated
that the plaintiff was “named” in the 13 August E-mail, and recommended that
the plaintiff “should be given an opportunity to answer some of the questions
raised”. Absent any indication of what other allegations the 13 August E-mail
contained, this paragraph read with the aforementioned paragraphs would convey
to the reader that the plaintiff was somehow involved in the fraud surrounding
the CV Mega Jaya and PT Buana Lintas Marine transactions.

152 The plaintiff asks this court to infer that the E-mails must have been
republished to the MRL Board. Paragraph 9 of the 4 November Report stated that
the plaintiff “should be given an opportunity to answer some of the questions
raised”. The plaintiff submits that Mr Ho must have provided the E-mails to
the MRL Board, otherwise the MRL Board would be clueless as to what sort of
questions to ask the plaintiff. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

PCS at para 160(a).

In light of the analysis set out above at [151], I am unable to draw such an
inference. The MRL Board had sufficient material from the 4 November Report
alone to confront the plaintiff.

153 The plaintiff also argues that the sense and substance of the Alleged
Defamatory Statements was made known to the MRL Board via the first paragraph
of the 4 November Report, which stated that Mr Ho had received an e-mail on 13
August 2011 alleging that the plaintiff was defrauding the company. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

PCS at para 160(b).

154 As noted above at [151], the 4 November Report communicated more than
that. It indicated that the 13 August E-mail contained allegations that the
plaintiff was involved in defrauding PT Aneka through its transactions with CV
Mega Jaya and PT Buana Lintas Marine. This appears to correspond to only two
of the Alleged Defamatory Statements in the 13 August E-mail (see above at
[149]). The difficulty is that these two Alleged Defamatory Statements set out
the total amount of illicit profits earned by the plaintiff (and Mr Low), and
the way in which the plaintiff was perpetrating the fraud. These matters were
not adequately conveyed, directly or indirectly, in the 4 November Report.

155 Nevertheless, in my judgment, the sense and substance of these two Alleged
Defamatory Statements was republished by the 4 November Report. The nub of the
defamatory sting embedded in these two Alleged Defamatory Statements was that
the plaintiff was defrauding PT Aneka through its transactions with CV Mega
Jaya and PT Buana Lintas. This was communicated in the 4 November Report. The
extent of the illicit gains and the manner in which the fraud was carried out
are merely ancillary details.

156 Even if the absence of these details reduces the original defamatory sting
to some extent, there is no requirement for the republication to convey the
whole sting of the original publication. I take guidance from Gatley at para
6.52:

… That is not to say however that the original statement must be repeated word
for word in the republication. Provided a media report of the initial
publication conveys the sting of the original, in whole or in part, it may be
relied on to increase the damages flowing from the initial publication even if
it cannot be said to ‘‘repeat’’ what was then said. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The authority cited for this proposition is McManus and others v Beckham
[2002] 1 WLR 2982. In that case, the original publication contained an
allegation that the claimants sold fakes generally on a habitual basis. The
republication contained an allegation asserting only a part of that whole
sting, ie, the claimants habitually sold fake David Beckham autographed
memorabilia. The court held that even a partial publication of the original
sting could be causative of damage (at [13]). Hence, even if the 4 November
Report only conveyed a part of the whole sting found in two of the Alleged
Defamatory Statements in the 13 August E-mail, this is sufficiently causative
of the damage to the plaintiff’s reputation, especially since the part that
was conveyed constitutes the essence of the defamatory sting.

157 To conclude, while I was unable to draw the inference that the E-mails
must have been republished to the MRL Board, I am satisfied that the sense and
substance of two of the Alleged Defamatory Statements in the 13 August E-mail
was republished to the MRL Board through the 4 November Report.

Whether the defendant intended the republication to the audit committee board
members and the entire MRL Board

158 I agree with the plaintiff that the defendant had intended the
republication of the Alleged Defamatory Statements to the audit committee
board members. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

PCS at para 172.

Not only did the defendant know that his whistle-blowing report would
ultimately reach the audit committee of the MRL Board, 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

29 April 2021 Transcript at p 5 line 23 to p 6 line 7.

he also consciously sent the E-mails to Mr Ho pursuant to MRL’s whistle-
blowing policy with the knowledge that this policy allowed complaints to be
reported to the audit committee. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

LKW at para 7.

These demonstrate that the defendant intended the audit committee board
members to know of the Alleged Defamatory Statements.

159 The defendant also intended the republication of the Alleged Defamatory
Statements to the entire MRL Board. It must be borne in mind that the
defendant had concocted all the allegations in the E-mails. The fact that he
chose to fabricate allegations of such a severe nature reveals his design to
ensure that his complaint would be surfaced by the audit committee board
members to the entire MRL Board.

Conclusion on whether the plaintiff can claim damages arising out the
republication of the Alleged Defamatory Statements

160 It follows from the foregoing analysis that the republication of the
Alleged Defamatory Statements to the three audit committee board members, as
well as the republication of two of the Alleged Defamatory Statements in the
13 August E-mail to the entire MRL Board, can be taken into account in
assessing the quantum of damages. It is to this issue that I will now turn.

Assessing the quantum of damages

161 The plaintiff seeks S$80,000 in general and aggravated damages. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PCS at para 189.

In his written submissions, the plaintiff refers to three case precedents,
namely, Arul Chandran (HC), Yeo Nai Meng v Ei-Nets Ltd and another [2004] 1
SLR(R) 73 (“Yeo Nai Meng (HC)”) and Isabel Redrup Agency Pte Ltd v A L
Dakshnamoorthy and others and another suit [2016] 2 SLR 634 (“Isabel Redrup
(HC)”). 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

PCS at paras 178–187.

162 On the other hand, the defendant argues that the plaintiff has suffered no
damage as there is “no real and substantial tort”. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

DCS at para 37.

This argument has been rejected above. The defendant also contends that the
plaintiff voluntarily resigned of his own accord and, even if his resignation
was involuntary, it was not directly attributable to the two E-mails. In my
view, even if the plaintiff has not shown that the Alleged Defamatory
Statements were the cause of his resignation, the plaintiff is still entitled
to damages.

163 In this regard, it is well-settled that general damages serve three
purposes (Arul Chandran (CA) at [53]):

(a) first, they act as a consolation to the plaintiff for the distress the
publication causes;

(b) second, they repair the harm to the plaintiff’s reputation; and

(c) third, they serve to vindicate the plaintiff’s reputation.

164 The court can take into account the following factors in assessing the
quantum of general damages (Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and
another appeal [2010] 4 SLR 357 (“Lim Eng Hock Peter (Damages)”) at [7]):

(a) the nature and gravity of the defamation;

(b) the conduct, position and standing of the plaintiff and the defendant;

(c) the mode and extent of publication;

(d) the natural indignation of the court at the injury caused to the
plaintiff;

(e) the conduct of the defendant from the time the defamatory statement is
published to the very moment of the verdict;

(f) the failure to apologise and retract the defamatory statement; and

(g) the presence of malice.

165 In addition, aggravated damages may be awarded in respect of the
additional injury caused by the defendant’s conduct or bad motives: Gary Chan
Kok Yew, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) at
para 13.140. The presence of malice, the absence of an apology, the fact that
the defendant unjustifiably maintained the defence of qualified privilege, and
the defendant’s lack of contrition are all factors justifying the plaintiff’s
entitlement to aggravated damages: Arul Chandran (CA) at [57], Lim Eng Hock
Peter (Damages) at [38], Low Tuck Kwong at [91] and Yeo Nai Meng (HC) at
[123].

166 Both aggravated damages and general damages are compensatory in nature.
Accordingly, caution has to be exercised against double counting or otherwise
over-compensating the plaintiff because the distress, humiliation and injury
to feelings for which aggravated damages are awarded to compensate the
plaintiff, are matters that may also properly be taken into account in
awarding general damages. Ultimately, the total figure for both general and
aggravated damages should not exceed fair compensation for the injury suffered
by the claimant: Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others and
another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 629 at [75] and [77]. While there would be a
single lump sum award for damages, the court ought to provide a breakdown of
the sums awarded as general damages and as aggravated damages: Lim Eng Hock
Peter (Damages) at [40]; Basil Anthony Herman v Premier Security Co-operative
Ltd and others [2010] 3 SLR 110 at [65].

167 I now turn to consider the quantum of general damages to be awarded the
plaintiff. At the time of the publication and republication of the Alleged
Defamatory Statements, the plaintiff was a director of MRL, a public listed
company. The Alleged Defamatory Statements assert that the plaintiff was a
dishonest person who had abused his position and power in MRL to engage, over
a number of years, in acts of corruption, cheating, abuse and criminal breach
of trust, and had amassed ill-gotten gains running up to at least US$2.1
million. There is no doubt that these cast serious imputations on the
plaintiff as a director of a public listed company. Balanced against these is
the limited circulation of the E-mails, which contained the damage to the
plaintiff’s reputation. The E-mails were only published to Mr Ho. While all
the Alleged Defamatory Statements were republished to the three audit
committee board members, only two of the Alleged Defamatory Statements were
republished to the entire MRL Board. The entire MRL Board consisted of nine
directors and apart from Mr Ho, the plaintiff and the three audit committee
board members, there were only four other directors. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

ABOD at pp 55, 66 and 70.

168 The plaintiff argues that the defendant subjected him to humiliation and
embarrassment in open court by causing the personal insults to be repeated
during his cross-examination. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

PCS at para 188(f).

Counsel for the defendant did read out the Alleged Defamatory Statements in
court while cross-examining the plaintiff, 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

See, eg, 27 April 2021 Transcript at p 114 line 16 to p 116 line 21.

but that was to build up to the intended cross-examination questions. In my
judgment, this did not exceed the normal cut and thrust of litigation. Hence,
I will not consider this as a factor aggravating the injury caused to the
plaintiff.

169 After considering the factors set out at [167], I award the plaintiff
S$45,000 in general damages.

170 I now consider whether the plaintiff is entitled to aggravated damages.
The strongest factor in favour of granting aggravated damages is the malice
with which the defendant published the E-mails. In particular, he had invented
the allegations contained within the Alleged Defamatory Statements.
Notwithstanding his lack of honest belief in the truth of the Alleged
Defamatory Statements, the defendant ignored the plaintiff’s Letter of Demand,
which asked for an apology. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

ABOD at pp 146–148.

To date, the defendant has not issued an apology, choosing instead to raise
the defence of qualified privilege and maintain that he had proper sources of
information for these allegations even though there is no evidential basis for
such an assertion. Such conduct clearly evinces the defendant’s lack of
contrition. Having regard to these circumstances, I find that the plaintiff is
entitled to S$5,000 in aggravated damages.

171 Having regard to the foregoing factors, I am of the view that awarding the
plaintiff a total of S$50,000 in damages represents a fair compensation for
the injury caused.

172 For completeness, I note that the plaintiff relies on the case of Yeo Nai
Meng (HC) where the High Court awarded a total of S$80,000 in damages. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

PCS at paras 181–183 and 188–189.

I do not find the award in that case to be persuasive. While this award of
S$80,000 was upheld on appeal in Ei-Nets Ltd and another v Yeo Nai Meng [2004]
1 SLR(R) 153 (“Yeo Nai Meng (CA)”), the Court of Appeal at [69] remarked that
the award of S$80,000 appeared to be high. In addition, there were two factors
which justified a higher award of damages in Yeo Nai Meng (HC) than in the
present case. First, while the plaintiff in the present case is a director of
a public listed company, the plaintiff in Yeo Nai Meng (HC) “held positions of
responsibility in public and private organisations”: Yeo Nai Meng (CA) at
[69]. Second, even though the defamatory allegations made against the
plaintiff in Yeo Nai Meng (HC) were comparable in nature to the Alleged
Defamatory Statements, the defamatory sting of the allegations in Yeo Nai Meng
(HC) was higher as they purported to be the considered opinions of a senior
lawyer and a senior accountant. In particular, the opinion of the senior
accountant was backed up with what appeared to be detailed calculations: Yeo
Nai Meng (HC) at [29], [32], [50] and [116].

Conclusion

173 To conclude, the plaintiff has successfully established his claim in
libel, and I order the defendant to pay the plaintiff S$50,000 in damages. I
will hear the parties on interest and costs.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Pillai Pradeep G, Wong Shi Rui Jonas and Josiah Tham (PRP Law LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Che Wei Chin (Covenant Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Jan 2022 (16:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

