Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 336

Originating Application No 510 of 2022

Between

| DFS  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| NUHS Fund Limited  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Probate and Administration — Distribution of assets — Charitable gifts]

[Succession and Wills — Construction — Charitable gifts]

[Succession and Wills — Lapse — Charitable gifts]

[Charities — Charitable purposes — Dissolution]

[Charities — Charitable trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
DFS

  
v

  

NUHS Fund Ltd

[2023] SGHC 336

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 510 of 2022  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
28 September, 1 November 2023

28 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 Where there is a gift in a will to an unincorporated charity, and that
charity appears to have been altered in some way since the time of the will’s
execution, when can it be said that the charity has ceased to exist, and if
that charity has ceased to exist prior to the disposition of the gift under
the will, does the gift lapse? These are the questions that are raised in
HC/OA 510/2022 (“OA 510”). As it raises novel issues that have not been ruled
on in Singapore, I set out my judgment below, including a framework for
analysing these issues.

2 The claimant in OA 510 is the sole surviving executrix (the “Executrix”)
named in a Last Will and Testament dated 2 November 2006 (the “Will”), and the
sole surviving trustee of the estate (the “Estate”). The Executrix was the
former daughter-in-law of the testator (the “Testator”). The defendant is NUHS
Fund Limited (“NUHSF”), a Singaporean company limited by guarantee that is
registered as a charity under the Charities Act 1994 (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“Charities Act”) and as an Institution of a Public Character (“IPC”) under the
Charities (Institutions of A Public Character) Regulations (2008 Rev Ed).

3 In OA 510, the Executrix seeks the following orders:

(a) A declaration that the intended specific legatee of a gift in cl 3(f)(iii)
of the Will did not exist at the time of the execution of the Will and/or at
the date of death of the Testator.

(b) A declaration that, based on the construction of the Will, there is no
general charitable purpose in the gift as described in cl 3(f)(iii) of the
Will; and

(c) A declaration that the gift of a property in cl 3(f)(iii) of the Will (the
“Property”) has lapsed into the residue of the Estate, and that pursuant to s
20 of the Wills Act 1838 (2020 Rev Ed), the sale proceeds of the Property
shall be distributed in accordance with the residuary device in cl 3(g) of the
Will.

Background Facts

4 On 20 March 2018, the Testator passed away. He left behind his wife (the
“Wife”) and the Will. The Will named the Executrix and the Wife as the
executrixes and trustees. They extracted the Grant of Probate on 26 November
2018. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of DFS dated 2 September 2022 at para 4.

5 Clauses 3(f) and (g) of the Will provide that: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of DFS dated 2 September 2022 at 21–22.

3\. … I DEVISE, GIVE AND BEQUEATH the following:-

…

(f) I declare that:-

(i) no sale shall be effected of [the Property] during the widowhood of my
said wife;

(ii) the Trustees should permit my said wife to occupy the same free of rent
so long as she so desire;

(iii) upon the demise of my said wife my Trustees shall vest the said property
to the National University Hospital Endowment Fund;

(iv) I direct that the National University Hospital Endowment Fund shall not
disclose the name of the Donor of the gift but that the gift herein be placed
“In Memory of LSK”.

(g) All my residuary estate of whatsoever and wheresoever to my said wife
absolutely …

I shall refer to cl 3(f)(iii) as the “Gift Clause” and to the gift of the
Property as the “Gift”. To respect the Testator’s wishes in cl 3(f)(iv) of the
Will, I granted an application to seal identifying personal details on 22
November 2023. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

HC/SUM 3563/2023.

6 The Wife passed away intestate on 19 March 2020. Thereafter, in accordance
with the Gift Clause, the Executrix contacted the National University Hospital
System (“NUHS”) to effect the Gift. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of DFS dated 2 September 2022 at paras 7–9.

For context, NUHS (properly, National University Health System Pte Ltd) is the
administrative body for the National University Hospital (“NUH”). The
Executrix and NUHS thereafter engaged in further correspondence, of which two
are of particular importance.

7 First, in an email dated 11 March 2021, NUHS impressed upon the Executrix
the need to seek independent advice on the Testator’s intended Gift, because
“this matter is not so straightforward as the name of the fund name in the
testator’s will is not exactly the same as our fund’s name”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of DFS dated 2 September 2022 at 24.

8 Second, in a letter from NUHSF’s solicitors dated 23 August 2021, the
Executrix was informed that the fund named “National University Hospital
Endowment Fund” (the name used in the Gift Clause) “did not exist” [emphasis
added] as at 2 November 2006 (the date of the Will), “as it was renamed to NUH
Patientcare Charity Fund”. NUHSF nevertheless maintained that, for the reasons
given in the letter, it was of the view that “it would be the Testator’s
intention for the Property to ultimately be bequeathed to NUHS Fund Limited
(as the successor to NUH Patientcare Charity Fund) and to benefit the
beneficiaries of the charity”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of DFS dated 2 September 2022 at 32–33.

This must be read with a subsequent letter dated 25 January 2022, where
NUHSF’s solicitors explained that, as what happened was a renaming, as at 2
November 2006, “the charity which the testator had in view, did exist as NUH
Patientcare Charity Fund” [emphasis added]. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 45.

9 I shall refer to the National University Hospital Endowment Fund as “NUHEF”
and the NUH Patientcare Charity Fund as “NUHPCF”. The timeline of the relevant
events relating to NUHEF and the Will are as set out below:

Date| Event  
---|---  
7 February 1986 | NUHEF is established. 8

##### Foot Note 8

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at paras 15–18, and
30.  
28 August 1986| NUHEF is registered as a charity under the version of the
Charities Act then in force.  
20 July 2006| Resolution by circulation of the “National University Hospital
Endowment Fund Board of Trustees” (the “NUHEF Board of Trustees”) for the
purposes of changing the name of the fund to “NUH Patientcare Charity Fund”
(ie, NUHPCF), dated 20 July 2006. 9

##### Foot Note 9

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at para 22, and pp
83–90.  
29 August 2006| The NUHEF Board of Trustees writes to the Ministry of Health
(“MOH”) seeking approval for the change of the fund name to NUHPCF, copying
the Commissioner for Charities (the “Commissioner”) and the Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore. 10

##### Foot Note 10

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 94.  
6 September 2006| MOH instructs the NUHEF Board of Trustees to ensure that the
“Rules for the Operation of the NUH Endowment Fund” (the “NUHEF Rules of
Operation”) has objectives related only to patient care, before MOH approval
for the name change will be granted. 11

##### Foot Note 11

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 95.  
27 September 2006| Resolution by circulation of the NUHEF Board of Trustees
for the purposes of amending the NUHEF Rules of Operation, dated 27 September
2006. 12

##### Foot Note 12

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at para 26, and pp
97–104.  
11 October 2006| The NUHEF Board of Trustees informs MOH that the required
amendments to the “Rules for the Operation of the NUH Endowment Fund” have
been made, and seeks approval for the change of the fund name to NUHPCF. 13

##### Foot Note 13

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 96.  
19 October 2006| MOH approves of the name change. 14

##### Foot Note 14

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 112. NUHEF is
thereafter officially known as NUHPCF. This is also reflected in
contemporaneous audit reports. 15

##### Foot Note 15

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 132.  
25 October 2006| MOH approves the “Rules for the Operation of the NUH
Patientcare Charity Fund” (the “NUHPCF Rules of Operation”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at para 31 and pp
122–130.  
2 November 2006| The Will is executed by the Testator. It names NUHEF as the
beneficiary of the Gift Clause.  
10 October 2011| The NUHS Board of Directors, at a Board meeting on 10 October
2011, approves the paper dated the same day titled “Establishment of the NUHS
Endowment Fund Limited as a Company Limited by Guarantee” (the “10 October
2011 Board Paper”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 179–210, and 212.  
8 February 2012| By way of a NUHS Board of Directors’ Resolutions in Writing
dated 8 February 2012, the approval granted for the 10 October 2011 Board
Paper is effected, save that the name of the company is to be “NUHS Fund
Limited” (ie, NUHSF) instead of the earlier proposed name. 18

##### Foot Note 18

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 212–224.  
14 February 2012| NUHSF is incorporated. 19

##### Foot Note 19

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at para 41.  
14 May 2012| NUHSF is registered as a charity and approved as an IPC. 20

##### Foot Note 20

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 290.  
4 June 2012| Resolution by circulation of the “NUH Patientcare Charity Fund
Board of Trustees” (the “NUHPCF Board of Trustees”) for the purposes of, inter
alia, “the dissolution of NUH Patientcare Charity Fund (PCF) and to transfer
its fund balances to NUHS Fund Limited. Funds transferred from the NUH PCF
will be ringfenced in NUHS Fund Limited to continue to meet the objectives as
set out in NUH PCF”, dated 4 June 2012 (the “4 June 2012 Resolution”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 293–294. This
resolution is passed. 22

##### Foot Note 22

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 295–302.  
15 August 2012| NUHPCF transfers all its assets and obligations to NUHSF. 23

##### Foot Note 23

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 325.  
6 December 2012| NUHPCF is de-registered as a charity. 24

##### Foot Note 24

× Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 313.  
20 March 2018| The Testator passes away.  
19 March 2020| The Wife passes away.  
  
10 In sum, on the date the Will was executed, NUHEF had been renamed to
NUHPCF. By the time of the Testator’s death, and by the time the gift was to
vest upon the death of the Wife, NUHPCF had been de-registered as a charity.

11 It is undisputed that NUHEF, NUHPCF, and NUHSF are charities that carry out
(or carried out) charitable purposes. NUHSF refers to NUHEF/NUHPCF as an
“unincorporated entity”, being “either a charitable trust and/or an
unincorporated association”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s Supplemental Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at para 9.

NUHSF informed me that it does not have a record of explicit discussions on
the precise legal form of NUHEF/NUHPCF, and NUHSF was not able to identify or
produce a trust deed. However, both parties agree that there are indications
of NUHPCF being a charitable trust, and the Executrix takes the position that
NUHPCF was a charitable trust and that NUHSF has not shown how NUHSF could be
an unincorporated association. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE, 28 September 2023, at 2.

Both parties also agreed that the absence of a written trust deed does not
mean that there could be no charitable trust.

Parties’ cases

12 The Executrix’s position is that the Gift has lapsed, and therefore falls
to be distributed in accordance with the residuary clause, cl 3(g) of the
Will. NUHSF’s position is that the Gift has not lapsed, and vests in NUHSF.

NUHSF’s case

13 NUHSF’s case is that NUHEF, the charity named in the Gift Clause, continues
in the form of NUHSF carrying out the charitable purposes of NUHEF/NUHPCF,
with NUHSF as the successor of NUHEF/NUHPCF. NUHSF is therefore entitled to
the Gift. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 4 and 33;
Defendant’s Supplemental Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at paras 3,
34, and 43.

NUHSF submits that, as a matter of general principle, the court should lean in
favour of upholding charitable gifts. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 11–13.

14 NUHEF was established as an unincorporated charity. Notwithstanding the
name change from NUHEF to NUHPCF on 19 October 2006, this was only to reflect
its status as an IPC. There were no substantive changes to its purposes, save
for clarifying in the NUHEF Rules of Operation the non-exhaustive list of
programmes and services that NUHEF/NUHPCF was entitled to carry out to fulfil
its charitable purpose. Therefore, notwithstanding the clarifying amendments
made to the NUHEF Rules of Operation and the change of name, at the time the
Will was executed on 2 November 2006, NUHEF was known as and was the same
charity as NUHPCF. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 35–40.

It was dedicated to the same charitable purposes.

15 NUHSF makes two main legal submissions.

16 First, NUHSF relies on a line of English cases, namely In re Vernon’s Will
Trusts (Lloyds Bank Ltd v Group 20 Hospital Management Committee (Coventry)
and others) [1971] 3 WLR 786 (“Re Vernon’s Will”) and In re Finger’s Will
Trusts (Turner and another v Ministry of Health and others) [1972] 1 Ch 286
(“Re Finger’s Will”), which make a distinction between charitable gifts to an
unincorporated entity and charitable gifts to an incorporated entity. They
reason that, because an unincorporated entity does not have a separate legal
personality able to take the gift beneficially in its own right, a gift to an
unincorporated charity without more must be a gift for the charitable purposes
of that unincorporated charity rather than to the institution itself. Such a
charitable gift does not lapse so long as the charitable purpose of the
unincorporated charity can still be fulfilled. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at para 15.

This can be contrasted with charitable gifts to an incorporated charity, which
takes effect as a gift to the company beneficially, unless there are
circumstances that show that the company is to take the gift as a trustee.
NUHSF submits that this distinction ought to be recognised and applied in
Singapore, with the effect that the Gift will not lapse, or that
alternatively, the presumption should be that all gifts to charities should be
construed as gifts for charitable purposes. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s Supplemental Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at paras
20–26.

17 Second, NUHSF relies on another series of English cases, namely In re
Faraker (Faraker v Durell) [1912] 2 Ch 488 (“Re Faraker”), In re Lucas (Sheard
v Mellor) [1948] 1 Ch 424 (“Re Lucas”), and In re Bagshaw (Deceased)
(Westminster Bank Ld v Taylor and others) [1954] 1 WLR 238 (“Re Bagshaw”).
They held that so long as there are funds held in trust for the purposes of a
charity, the charitable purposes continue in existence and survive the end of
a particular charitable institution. The charity is not destroyed by any
alteration in name, constitution or machinery, or its objects made in
accordance with law. The charitable gift will not lapse, but vest in the
charity so surviving or altered, or in a successor institution. A simple
dissolution and reincorporation may not result in the charity ceasing to
exist. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 16–30;
Defendant’s Supplemental Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at paras
38–39.

The charity will only cease to exist if there has been an exhaustion of assets
and a cessation of activities. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s Supplemental Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at para 31.

18 NUHSF submits that, on the facts, the funds that were held in NUHEF/NUHPCF
continue to be held for and applied towards the same charitable purpose by
NUHSF, such that the Gift did not lapse.

19 NUHSF explains that, sometime around 2011 to 2012, the various public
healthcare clusters in Singapore decided to each incorporate a company limited
by guarantee for healthcare-related charitable activities for the benefit of
patients and the community at large. NUHSF was consequently formed and
registered as a charity. As seen from the 4 June 2012 Resolution, the funds in
NUHPCF were transferred to NUHSF to continue the objectives of NUHEF/NUHPCF
and were ring-fenced for this purpose. NUHSF submits that the objects of
NUHEF/NUHPCF are in substance included as part of the statement of NUHSF’s
objects in its corporate constitution and are clearly being carried on in
NUHSF. Therefore, the funds of NUHPCF continue to be held on trust for its
purposes and have not been destroyed by any alteration in the machinery or
objects of NUHSF. In addition, the assets from NUHPCF were distinctly ring-
fenced in NUHSF. They were restricted for application to only four programmes,
which were the same as those that had been carried out by NUHPCF. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 45–53;
Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at paras 38–48.

The four programmes are described in identical terms in both NUHPCF’s audited
financial statements, and NUHSF’s audited financial statements. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 154 and 329.

NUHSF’s audited financial statements for the period from 14 February 2012 (the
date of incorporation) to 31 March 2013 also show that the amount of funds
that were recorded as being transferred to NUHSF “pursuant to a restructuring
exercise” was essentially the same as the total funds of NUHPCF. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Supplemental Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at para 39;
Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at para 49, and p 323.

Therefore, while there had been a transfer of the funds and dissolution of the
institutional form of NUHPCF, the funds were not exhausted or disposed of and
the charitable purposes continued to be carried out by NUHSF, as the
legitimate successor of NUHEF/NUHPCF. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s Second Supplemental Written Submissions dated 25 October 2023 at
paras 6–11.

20 NUHSF is thus the charity which administers the same charitable purposes
which used to be carried out by NUHEF, notwithstanding any subsequent
alteration to the name or the legal machinery used. NUHSF is therefore
entitled to the Gift.

The Executrix’s case

21 The Executrix’s position is that it is clear from the ordinary and natural
meaning of the Gift Clause that the Testator expressly intended to gift the
Property as a specific bequest to NUHEF simpliciter. There is no express
statement on the purpose of the Gift contained in the Gift Clause. Objectively
ascertained, the Gift is neither a purpose gift nor a charitable purpose gift
and should not be construed as such. The Gift was to NUHEF only, not any other
party, and the court should not venture to discern a purpose where none is
stated. It is contrary to the general rules applicable to the construction of
wills set out by the Court of Appeal in Low Ah Cheow and others v Ng Hock Guan
[2009] SGCA 25 (“Low Ah Cheow”), to read beyond the ordinary meaning of the
express words of a will in the absence of ambiguity. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 13–28 and
37–40; Claimant’s Further Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at paras
4–9.

In In re Spence (Deceased) (Ogden v Shackleton and others) [1979] 1 Ch 483
(“Re Spence”), the court held (at 493A–493C) that where “a particular
institution or purpose is specified, then it is that institution or purpose,
and no other, that is to be the object of benefaction”. In short, the
“specific displaces the general”. Citing In re Rymer (Rymer v Stanfield)
[1895] 1 Ch 19 (“Re Rymer”) and In re Harwood (Coleman v Innes) [1936] 1 Ch
285 (“Re Harwood”), counsel for the Executrix submits that it ought to be
difficult to find a general charitable intention if a testator has selected a
particular charitable institution and has taken care to identify it as the
beneficiary of the gift, but that charitable institution ceased to exist
before the date of the testator’s demise. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 43–45.

As observed by Wilberforce J in In re Roberts (Deceased) (Stenton and another
v Hardy and others) [1963] 1 WLR 406 (“Re Roberts”) at 414: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at para 41.

The mere fact that there is a gift to an unincorporated charity does not seem
to me to be enough to enable me to come to the conclusion that it is a gift
for charitable purposes …

22 NUHEF/NUHPCF was voluntarily dissolved in 2012. As NUHEF had ceased to
exist prior to the date of the Testator’s demise, the Gift has lapsed as the
Gift Clause cannot be performed. The rule is that if a testator intended to
benefit a specific charitable institution, which has ceased to exist prior to
the testator’s death, the gift will lapse in the absence of a general
charitable intention, citing Re Rymer. Counsel for the Executrix highlights
that: (a) NUHPCF was dissolved following the 4 June 2012 Resolution under the
NUHPCF Rules of Operation; and (b) its funds were thereafter transferred to a
wholly separate corporate entity, NUHSF. Referring to In re Stemson’s Will
Trusts (Carpenter v Treasury Solicitor and another) [1969] 3 WLR 21 (“Re
Stemson’s Will”), counsel for the Executrix submits that there are “clear
parallels” to be drawn to the present factual matrix and that the Gift must
therefore have lapsed. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 30–36 and
46–48.

23 Even if NUHEF existed at the time of the Will, the Testator could have
gifted the Property to NUHEF for any number of personal reasons. It was not
necessarily the case that the Testator had a general charitable intent. There
is no evidence of his intentions, extrinsic or expressed on the face of the
Will. It would be presumptuous to declare that he had given the Gift for
charitable purposes, simply because NUHEF was a charity. As the Gift Clause is
clear and unambiguous, counsel for the Executrix submits that the Gift was to
benefit NUHEF only. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 41–42.

There is no ambiguity as to the identity of the specific legatee of the Gift
and the Gift Clause could have been carried out but for the dissolution of
NUHEF/NUHPCF. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at para 51.

As NUHEF had ceased to exist by the time of the Testator’s death, the Gift
must therefore lapse. The Testator had provided for how lapsed gifts are to be
dealt with in cl 3(g) of the Will, and the Property ought to be distributed
accordingly. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at para 25; Claimant’s
Further Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at para 54.

24 Counsel for the Executrix submits that Re Vernon’s Will requires a
construction of the will to determine what the testator’s true intentions
were. If the construction of the will reveals that the testator’s true
intention was for a specific charitable institution as such, the gift will
fail if that specific charitable institution did not exist at the time of the
testator’s death as the continued existence of that specific charitable
institution is a critical aspect of the gift. Applying the principles in Low
Ah Cheow (see [21] above), the Testator’s expressed intent is for the Gift to
be to a specified institution, NUHEF. There is no ambiguity on the face of the
Will and no extrinsic evidence available to determine any other intention. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Claimant’s Further Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at paras 11–15,
23, 43, and 49.

Counsel for the Executrix also submits that the distinction drawn between
gifts to incorporated charities and unincorporated charities is unjustifiable
in principle, as the reality is that when a lay testator makes a testamentary
gift to a charitable entity, they do not typically address their mind to
whether the entity is incorporated or unincorporated. Therefore, such a
distinction should not be followed. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Claimant’s Further Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at paras 16–19,
and 29.

25 Counsel for the Executrix also seeks to distinguish Re Faraker, Re Lucas
and Re Vernon from the facts of the current case. All three cases involved
external intervention through some act based on the powers given to charity
commissioners or some legislation, such as the National Health Service Act
1946 (9 & 10 Geo 6 c 81) (UK) (“NHSA”). But for this external intervention,
the charities in Re Faraker, Re Lucas and Re Vernon would not have ceased to
exist. Counsel for the Executrix submits that the court in those cases was
trying to rescue those charities from termination that arose through no fault
of their own, so that the gifts made to them would not lapse. In Re Faraker
and Re Lucas, the charity commissioners had no power to, and could not have
intended to, destroy those charities, as the charities were founded as a
perpetual charity with no ability to self-terminate. The present case was more
analogous to Re Stemson’s Will, where the court held that both Re Faraker and
Re Lucas have limited applicability where the charity has the power to wind
itself up, and did indeed terminate itself and transfer its assets. If the
charity was terminated by its own rules, there is nothing to prevent the gift
from lapsing. In the present case, NUHEF/NUHPCF was voluntarily dissolved and
its assets were then transferred to a third party, NUHSF. As such, the Gift
must lapse. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at paras 59–64.

The Law

26 I will first set out the general principles on the construction of wills
and gifts to charities, before considering the specific principles relevant to
this case.

27 Effect should be given, if possible, to the expressed intention of the
testator as declared in the will. It has been said that such intent was to be
collected from the words of the will and nothing else (see Bermuda Trust
(Singapore) Ltd v Wee Richard and others [1998] 3 SLR(R) 938 at [7]). In Low
Ah Cheow, the Court of Appeal quoted (at [19]) from Williams on Wills (Francis
Barlow et al eds) (LexisNexis Butterworths, 9th Ed, 2008), a passage that
states that the first rule in construction is that effect must be given to the
intention of the testator at the time they made their will, as declared and
apparent in the will, rather than their actual mental intention. The Court of
Appeal also clarified that extrinsic evidence can and will be admissible to
aid in the construction of a will where the expressed intention is ambiguous
(at [20]). I note that it has also been held that where a strict literal
construction would be regarded as out of sync with the general intention of
the testator as derived from the will as a whole, such a reading should give
way to a more purposive interpretation (Foo Jee Seng and others v Foo Jhee
Tuang and another [2012] 4 SLR 339 at [17]).

28 The above cases did not involve a gift to a charity. In Re Will of Samuel
Emily, deceased [2001] 3 SLR(R) 335, a case which did involve gifts to
charities, Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) cited with approval (at [28])
the following passage from Hubert Picarda, The Law and Practice Relating to
Charities (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1995) at p 226–228, which states that a
benignant construction will be accorded to charitable gifts, although the
court must not strain the will for the charity:

General principle: benignant construction

There is a well-established maxim that the court leans in favour of charity
when construing charitable gifts. Charity is always favoured by equity.

In the words of Lord Lorebun, ‘there is no better rule than that a benignant
construction will be placed upon charitable bequests’. Thus where a gift is
capable of two constructions, one which would make it void and the other which
would render it effectual, the latter must be adopted. It is better to
effectuate than to destroy the intention …

The court must not on the other hand strain the will to gain money for the
charity. For in doing so it will cheat the residuary legatees or next of kin …

[emphasis added]

29 In Koh Lau Keow and others v Attorney-General [2014] 2 SLR 1165 (“Koh Lau
Keow”), the Court of Appeal endorsed the same general principles (at [21]):

It is trite that the principle of benignant construction applies to charitable
gifts – in other words, where a bequest is capable of two constructions, one
of which would make it void, and the other would make it effectual, the latter
should be adopted: Tudor on Charities (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2003)
(“Tudor”) at para 4-002. On the other hand, the court must not strain the will
to gain money for charity: Picarda at p 354.

[emphasis added]

Charitable gifts to incorporated and unincorporated charities

30 Of specific relevance to this case is the line of English cases which make
a distinction between gifts to an unincorporated charity and gifts to an
incorporated charity, including Re Vernon’s Will and Re Finger’s Will cited by
NUHSF (above at [16]). However, there has not been any prior Singapore
authority which has expressly considered the applicability of Re Vernon’s Will
on this point, although it was cited by the Court of Appeal in Khoo Jeffrey
and others v Life Bible-Presbyterian Church and others [2011] 3 SLR 500 (“Khoo
Jeffrey”), in the following terms (at [33]):

A distinction must be drawn between a charitable purpose and the institutional
form (be it an unincorporated association, individuals, or a company) through
which the charitable purpose is effected or administered. The dissolution of
the institutional form does not terminate the charitable purpose as long as
that purpose is still capable of being carried out: Re Vernon’s Will Trusts
[1972] 1 Ch 300 …

31 I therefore consider the relevant English, Australian, and Canadian
authorities and examine how this distinction has been dealt with.

English cases

32 Graham Virgo KC, The Principles of Equity and Trusts (Oxford University
Press, 5th Ed, 2023) (“Principles of Equity and Trusts”) states (at p 202)
that where a testamentary disposition is intended to be for a particular
charitable institution as such, rather than for that institution’s charitable
purpose, and that institution ceases to exist before the testator’s death,
there will be an initial failure of the gift (ie, the gift will lapse). It
cites Re Rymer and Re Stemson’s Will in support of this proposition.
Principles of Equity and Trusts goes on to note that whether or not a gift is
regarded as one for the charitable institution as such or one for the purposes
of the charitable institution is influenced by whether the intended recipient
of the gift is incorporated or unincorporated. Referring to Re Vernon’s Will
and Re Finger’s Will, Principles of Equity and Trusts summarises (at pp
202–203) that a gift to an unincorporated charity must be a gift for a
charitable purpose as such a charity does not have a separate legal
personality able to take the gift beneficially (see above at [16]), and that
if the charitable purpose can still be fulfilled, the gift will not fail
unless the continued existence of the institution was essential to the gift.
This proposition is also set out in Theobald on Wills (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th
Ed, 2021), which states (at p 500) that a gift to an incorporated charity that
has dissolved before the date of death will lapse (unless the corporation was
to take the gift as a trustee or unless the will discloses a general
charitable intention), but a gift to an unincorporated charity is regarded as
a gift for charitable purposes, and the continued existence of the
unincorporated charity is unnecessary unless the will requires otherwise (see
also Williams on Wills (LexisNexis, 11th Ed, 2021) at paras [103.4]–[103.5]
and Snell’s Equity (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2022) at para 23-054).

33 In Re Vernon’s Will, Buckley J stated (at 789):

Every bequest to an unincorporated charity by name without more must take
effect as a gift for a charitable purpose. No individual or aggregate of
individuals could claim to take such a bequest beneficially. If the gift is to
be permitted to take effect at all, it must be as a bequest for a purpose,
viz., that charitable purpose which the named charity exists to serve … A
bequest to a named unicorporated [sic] charity, however, may on its true
interpretation show that the testator's intention to make the gift at all was
dependent upon the named charitable organisation being available at the time
when the gift takes effect to serve as the instrument for applying the subject
matter of the gift to the charitable purpose for which it is by inference
given. If so and the named charity ceases to exist in the lifetime of the
testator, the gift fails ...

[emphasis added]

In short, a gift to a named unincorporated charity, without more, is a gift
for charitable purposes, unless the gift depended on the continued existence
of the specific charitable institution, in which case the gift will lapse if
the specific charitable institution ceases to exist prior to the disposition
taking effect. As for the position in relation to incorporated charities,
Buckley J held (at 789):

A bequest to a corporate body, on the other hand, takes effect simply as a
gift to that body beneficially, unless there are circumstances which show that
the recipient is to take the gift as a trustee … the natural construction is
that the bequest is made to the corporate body as part of its general funds,
that is to say, beneficially and without the imposition of any trust. That the
testator's motive in making the bequest may have undoubtedly been to assist
the work of the incorporated body would be insufficient to create a trust.

[emphasis added]

Gifts to an incorporated charity therefore presume the opposite and are not
considered gifts for charitable purposes, but rather gifts to the charitable
institution as such, unless the will shows otherwise.

34 I turn to Re Finger’s Will, where the distinction in Re Vernon’s Will was
also regarded as significant. There, the testatrix left large residuary gifts
to eleven charitable institutions and funds, two of which had ceased to exist
prior to the date of her death. One of these, by the reference to the
“National Radium Commission” in the will was held to refer to an
unincorporated charity known as the “Radium Commission” (at 293G), whereas the
other was an incorporated charity, the “National Council for Maternity and
Child Welfare” (at 292E). It was undisputed that both had completely ceased to
exist. While Goff J considered that the distinction between gifts to
incorporated and unincorporated charities would produce “anomalous results”,
he accepted that the distinction was “well established” (at 294E–F). The
position is that a gift to an unincorporated charity will not lapse if its
charitable purposes are still being carried on, “unless there is something
positive to show that the continued existence of the donee was essential to
the gift” (at 295G). As the will had “no context whatever” to make the
National Radium Commission of essence to the gift, that gift did not lapse and
was a gift for its purposes (at 297F–H and 298E–F). On the other hand,
applying the distinction in Re Vernon’s Will, the same absence of context
meant that the gift to the National Council for Maternity and Child Welfare,
an incorporated charity, lapsed (at 298F–299B).

35 The principle in Re Vernon’s Will has been applied in more recent English
decisions. In In re Koeppler Will Trusts (Barclays Bank Trust Co Ltd v Slack
and others) [1985] 3 WLR 765 (“Re Koeppler”), Slade LJ in delivering the
judgment of the English Court of Appeal held (at p 773) that “[i]t is by no
means unusual for a testamentary gift expressed as a gift to an unincorporated
body to be construed as a gift for the furtherance of the work of the body in
question” [emphasis added], citing Re Vernon’s Will and Re Finger’s Will. In
Kings (personal representative of Schroder (deceased) v Bultitude and another
[2010] EWHC 1795 (Ch) (“Kings”), Proudman J held (at [23]) that “a gift for
the purposes of the church (an unincorporated association) can take effect
under a scheme even if the institution was not in existence at the death,
provided that (a) the testatrix did not intend to make the gift dependent on
the named institution remaining in existence and that (b) the work of the
institution is still being carried on as a matter of fact”. Both Re Vernon's
Will and Re Finger’s Will were cited as good authority. Re Vernon's Will was
followed in Macintyre & Anor v Oliver & Ors [2018] EWHC 3094 (Ch)
(“Macintyre”), for the proposition that “a gift made to an unincorporated
association is for the purposes of the unincorporated association, unless it
is a condition of the gift that the association is in existence when the gift
takes effect” (at [44]–[49]).

Australian cases

36 Australian and Canadian authorities are consistent with the English
position, but only in so far as they adopt a presumptive position of
construing a gift to an unincorporated charity as being for the charitable
purposes of that charity. They do not adopt the distinction made in Re
Vernon’s Will between gifts to incorporated and unincorporated charities, and
instead apply the presumption that all gifts to charities are gifts for
charitable purposes.

37 The Australian courts generally lean in favour of upholding charitable
gifts, as can be seen in the decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales
in Maxwell James Anthony Connery v Williams Business College Limited & Anor
[2014] NSWSC 154. There, the court observed (at [55]) that:

Little is required to establish a general charitable purpose. As a general
principle, Courts will lean in favour of charity, and upon the failure of a
specific gift, Courts will be ready to infer a general intention on the part
of the will maker to provide a gift to charity; ‘little is required in the
language of the will for a court to treat a wider purpose as the object of
trust’ …

38 In the decision of the Supreme Court of South Australia in Australian
Executor Trustees Ltd v Ceduna District Health Services Inc & Ors [2006] SASC
286 (“Ceduna”), Vanstone J held that, in principle, gifts to a charitable
institution that ceases to exist prior to the testator’s death will lapse (at
[8]). However, Vanstone J also held that (at [23]):

As a starting point, it should be noted that a gift by will to a particular
charitable institution is generally construed as being a gift on trust for the
charitable purposes of that institution: Tyrie at 177. Although some English
authorities appear to limit this principle to unincorporated charities (for
example, Re Vernon’s Will Trusts [1972] Ch 300), no such distinction applies
in Australia.

[emphasis added]

39 In other words, all gifts to charitable institutions are regarded as gifts
for charitable purposes, rather than gifts to the institution as such,
regardless of whether it is incorporated or unincorporated (see also Harmony
\- The Dombroski Foundation Ltd v Attorney General in and for the State of New
South Wales [2020] NSWSC 1276 at [66]). Vanstone J referred to the Supreme
Court of Victoria decision in Re Tyrie (deceased) (No 1) [1972] VR 168 (“Re
Tyrie”). In Re Tyrie, Newton J summarised the relevant principles and stated
(at p 177) that “[a] gift by will to a particular charitable institution
simpliciter must be treated as a gift for the advancement of the charitable
work or purposes of that institution”, but that “a gift by will to a
particular charitable institution … which at some time existed, but had ceased
to do so in the testator’s lifetime, whether before or after the date of his
will, ordinarily lapses”, referring to this second proposition as the “lapse
rule”. Newton J then set out three exceptions to the “lapse rule”.

40 In Ceduna, Vanstone J summarised these three exceptions to the “lapse rule”
as follows (at [10]):

(A) Where, at the testator’s death, there is another institution which has
taken over the work previously carried on by the named institution and which
can properly be regarded as its successor, and where the dominant charitable
intention of the testator was wide enough to allow the gift to take effect in
favour of that successor;

(B) Where the testator intended that the gift should operate as an accretion
to the assets of the named institution and thereby became subject to other
charitable trusts; and

(C) Where, in cases outside (A) and (B), the testator is found to have had a
dominant intention to benefit work or purposes of the kind which the named
institution carried out, and it is practicable to apply the gift to work or
purposes of that kind, in which case the gift will be applied by means of a
cy-près scheme.

[emphasis added]

Canadian cases

41 There is also Canadian authority that adopts the principle in Re Vernon’s
Will, without limiting it to unincorporated charities. In Re Winding-up of the
Christian Brothers of Ireland in Canada 3 ITELR 34 (“Christian Brothers”), the
Ontario Court of Appeal held (at [71]) that the courts maintain a supervisory
power to ensure that gifts with charitable intent will not fail “even if the
object of the gift is unclear or uncertain, or if the gift is directed to a
charitable corporation which is misnamed or the corporation no longer exists”,
citing Re Vernon’s Will and Re Finger’s Trust. The court referred (at [72]) to
Buckley J’s proposition (quoted above at [33]), but then went further, stating
(at [74]) that the “public policy which the courts wish to implement is to
save charitable gifts and to apply them as far as possible to the purposes
intended by the donor … To do that, the court can determine that a gift was
intended as a trust, even though left to a corporate charity, in order to save
the gift where the particular corporate charity is no longer available to
receive the gift” [emphasis added].

Charitable gifts to altered charities

42 Besides Re Vernon’s Will and Re Finger’s Will, there is another line of
English cases which are of relevance of this case, including Re Faraker, Re
Lucas and Re Bagshaw cited by NUHSF (above at [17]). They held that so long as
there are funds held in trust for the purposes of a charity, the charitable
purposes continue in existence and survive the end of a particular charitable
institution. The charity is not destroyed by any alteration in name,
constitution or machinery, or its objects made in accordance with law. The
charitable gift simply vests in the charity so surviving or altered, or in a
successor institution.

Re Faraker, Re Lucas, and Re Bagshaw

43 The first in this line of cases is Re Faraker. The testatrix in Re Faraker
died in 1911 and bequeathed a legacy of £200 to a charity by the name of “Mrs
Bailey’s Charity, Rotherhithe”. However, there was no known charity by that
name. Instead, there was a charity known as “Hannah Bayly’s Charity” located
at Rotherhithe (it was admitted that “Bailey” was a misspelling and Hannah
Bayly’s Charity was intended by the testatrix). It was founded in 1756 by a
testamentary disposition in the will of one Mrs Bayly, who created a
charitable trust for the benefit of poor widows resident in, and parishioners
of, St Mary Rotherhithe. In 1905, the charity commissioners sealed a scheme
that consolidated Hannah Bayly’s Charity with thirteen other charities located
in Rotherhithe, whereby the endowments of all the consolidated charities were
applied for the benefit of “poor persons of good character resident in the
parish of Rotherhithe” (at 491). There was no specific mention of widows in
the scheme of consolidated charities, which benefited a wider group of
persons, but pensions paid out to widows under Hannah Bayly’s Charity
continued under the scheme and was indeed increased in amount (at 491). The
testatrix’s executors took out an application to determine whether the legacy
had lapsed. The judge at first instance decided that Hannah Bayly’s Charity
had ceased to exist on account of the alteration of its constitution and
because its objects had entirely changed, and accordingly held that the legacy
had lapsed. However, this was reversed on appeal. The English Court of Appeal
held that Hannah Bayly’s Charity was an endowed charity and could not be
destroyed, notwithstanding the change to its objects in accordance with law.
The consolidated charities were held to be entitled to the legacy. Cozens-
Hardy MR held (at 493–494) that:

Hannah Bayly’s Charity is not extinct, it is not dead … it cannot die. Its
objects may be changed, though not otherwise than in accordance with law: they
may be changed either by the Court … in its own jurisdiction over charities or
by schemes formed by the Charity Commissioners, to whom Parliament has
entrusted that particular duty. Subject to that lawful alteration by competent
authority of the objects, Hannah Bayly's Charity is not extinct … Now it is to
be remembered … that this legacy was not given to Mrs. Bayly's Charity for
widows; it was simply given to a charity which is identified by name. It was
given to an ancient endowed charity, and in my opinion a gift of that kind
carries with it the application of it according to the lawful objects of the
charity funds for the time being …

[emphasis added]

Farwell LJ similarly held (at 495):

… in the scheme which [the charity commissioners] have issued dealing with the
amalgamation of the several charities the objects are stated to be poor
persons of good character resident in Rotherhithe, not mentioning widows in
particular … But to say that this omission has incidentally destroyed the
Bayly Trust is a very strained construction of the language and one that
entirely fails, because the Charity Commissioners had no jurisdiction whatever
to destroy the charity … In all these cases one has to consider not so much
the means to the end as the charitable end which is in view, and so long as
that charitable end is well established the means are only machinery, and no
alteration of the machinery can destroy the charitable trust for the benefit
of which the machinery is provided.

[emphasis added]

44 The principle in Re Faraker was applied in Re Lucas. There, the testatrix
bequeathed a £500 legacy to “the Crippled Children’s Home, Lindley Moore,
Huddersfield” and a share of the residuary estate to “the Crippled Children’s
Home”. Although there had been a home called “the Huddersfield Home for
Crippled Children” located at Lindley Moor since 1916, which had as its
primary (though not its sole) object the maintenance and operation of such a
home (but not necessarily at that address) for the benefit of poor crippled
children living within the Huddersfield district, it had been closed down in
1941, before the date of the will. The charity commissioners had applied its
assets under a scheme to establish a new charity known the “The Huddersfield
Charity for Crippled Children”, which had the object of sending poor crippled
children to holiday or convalescent homes. There was therefore no longer any
premises used as a home for crippled children at Lindley Moor. The judge at
first instance held that the bequests had lapsed. On appeal, the English Court
of Appeal held that the “essential primary purpose” of the charity survived
and was preserved by the scheme “although the means originally prescribed of
carrying out that purpose were altered to suit the altered circumstances” (at
426). The main question was whether the legacy took effect as a gift to “The
Huddersfield Charity for Crippled Children” or lapsed upon the closing of the
home at Lindley Moor (at 426). Lord Greene MR, delivering the judgment of the
court, held that (at 426–427):

It is settled by authority binding upon this court that so long as there are
funds held in trust for the purposes of a charity the charity continues in
existence and is not destroyed by any alteration in its constitution or
objects made by a scheme under the Charitable Trusts Act: see In re Faraker …
Accordingly, if the gifts made by the testatrix were upon their true
construction gifts to the charity … for the objects of the Huddersfield Home
for Crippled Children as defined by the deed, they took effect as gifts to
that same charity in the reconstituted form in which it was continued under
the scheme, that is to say as gifts in augmentation of the funds held by the
trustees appointed by the scheme for the modified objects thereby prescribed.

On the other hand, it is equally well settled that (in the absence of general
charitable intention which is not in question here) a gift for a particular
charitable purpose which has wholly failed is subject to the ordinary doctrine
of lapse: see In re Rymer Accordingly if the testatrix's gifts were on their
true construction gifts for the upkeep of the premises at Lindley Moor as a
home for crippled children and for no other purpose, they lapsed …

[emphasis added]

The English Court of Appeal then held that had the testatrix had intended for
the legacy to be limited to the upkeep of the particular home, she would not
simply have named “the Crippled Children’s Home” without adding “some specific
reference to its upkeep or maintenance”, and added (at 428):

The mere fact that the testatrix when she made her will was under the
impression that the particular home was still being carried on in the premises
at Lindley Moor (and this is we think a legitimate inference from the terms of
the gift) is clearly no indication that she intended to benefit only and
exclusively the particular home as distinct from the charity carrying it on.

[emphasis added]

In sum, the English Court of Appeal held that in “the absence of any words in
the will to indicate that the gifts were to be held for some special or
restricted purpose as distinct from the general purposes of the charity”, the
gift was for the purposes of the charity and the legacy was valid
notwithstanding the fact that the charity had ceased to exist at the date of
the will (at 429). I note that the reasoning in Re Lucas was that the gift
operated as an accretion to the assets of a named institution, being exception
(B) identified by Vanstone J in Ceduna (above at [40]).

45 Re Faraker and Re Lucas were then followed in Re Bagshaw. The testatrix in
that case had bequeathed her entire estate to a charitable institution known
as “Bakewell and District War Memorial Cottage Hospital” by her will dated
1942. This hospital was founded in 1921 as an unincorporated charity governed
by certain rules, and its funds were held by trustees pursuant to a trust
deed. The object of the institution was the provision of accommodation and
facilities for poor residents within a five mile radius from Memorial Cross in
Bakewell who were suffering from disease or bodily injury. By resolutions
passed in 1946 and 1947, after the will was executed, the governing body of
the charity, pursuant to and in accordance with powers contained in its rules
and the trust deed, altered: (a) the name of the institution to the “Bakewell
and District 1914-18 War Memorial Charity”; and (b) the objects of the
institution to include charitable purposes other than the cottage hospital,
namely the provision of hospital and medical benefits to residents of the
parish of Bakewell, and surrounding parishes within a five mile radius from
Memorial Cross in Bakewell, as well as relief for ex-soldiers who had served
in World War I and II. In other words, the objects of the charity ceased to be
for the purpose of providing a hospital for poor people suffering from disease
or bodily injury within the limited district prescribed under the original
trust and expanded to provide more general hospital and medical benefits. In
1948, the NHSA came into force and, consequently, the charity and its assets
vested in the government. Thereafter, a hospital carried on in the same
building under the new name. However, certain funds of the original
institution were not taken under the NHSA, and in 1949 a new set of rules were
adopted for the institution with its new name and new objects. The testatrix
died in 1951 without having altered her will. The bequest was claimed by the
charity under its new name, as well as the next-of-kin. The court held that
the claim of the next-of-kin must fail at the outset, since the bequest could
only be either a gift for the charity which still existed, or for the purpose
designated by the description in the will. The court noted that, in Re Faraker
and Re Lucas, the charity’s objects and name were altered by a scheme
established either by the court of the charity commissioners. It was “well
established” that “a charity founded as a perpetual charity can never come to
an end, even though its objects and its name may be altered according to due
process of law”. Accordingly, the court held that there is no distinction in
principle between, on one hand, the alteration of the objects and name of a
charity by a scheme established by an “outside body” such as the courts or the
charity commissioners, and, on the other, alteration through the provisions of
the trust deed. In either case, the charity remained the same charity,
although its name and its objects have been altered. The gift was a gift for
the general purposes of the Bakewell and District War Memorial Cottage
Hospital, and was thus payable to the trustees of the Bakewell and District
1914-18 War Memorial Charity (at 241).

46 In Re Vernon’s Will, Buckley J did not consider the applicability of the
principles in the Re Faraker lines of cases to depend on whether the charity
was unincorporated or incorporated. He held (at 789–790):

… a charity, considered as a charity and apart from the mechanism provided for
the time being and from time to time for holding its property and managing its
affairs, could never cease to exist except by exhaustion of all its assets and
cessation of its activities. A change merely in its mechanical aspect could
not involve the charity ceasing to exist. The principle of the decisions in In
re Faraker [1912] 2 Ch. 488 and In re Lucas [1948] Ch. 424 is, in my judgment,
equally applicable to an incorporated charity of this kind as to a charity
constituted by means of a trust. In such cases the law regards the charity, an
abstract conception distinct from the institutional mechanism provided for
holding and administering the fund of the charity, as the legatee, and so long
as the charity as so conceived continues in existence the bequest will not
lapse …

[emphasis added]

Re Stemson’s Will

47 As counsel for the Executrix submits that Re Faraker, Re Lucas and Re
Bagshaw had been distinguished in Re Stemson’s Will on the basis that they did
not deal with the situation “where the charity is a limited company and is
therefore liable to dissolution by the inherent nature of its constitution”
(see Re Stemson’s Will at 24), 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at para 61.

Re Stemson’s Will also deserves consideration.

48 In Re Stemson’s Will, the testator intended to bequeath the residue of his
estate to an incorporated charity, the “Rationalist Endowment Fund Ltd” (the
“REF”), by way of a will dated 1950. REF had been incorporated in 1938 for the
purposes of receiving charitable donations on behalf of the Rationalist
movement. It was undisputed that REF was a charity for the advancement of
education (in particular, the study of Rationalist philosophy and ethics) and
the relief of poverty. The testator passed in 1966. REF, however, had been
dissolved by special resolution in 1965, after the execution of the will and
during the testator’s lifetime. REF’s assets had been transferred to an
incorporated charity, the Rationalist Press Association Ltd (the “RPA”),
pursuant to cl 7 of REF’s memorandum of association, which provided:

If upon the winding-up or dissolution of the fund there remains … any property
whatsoever, the same shall not be paid to or distributed among the members of
the fund, but shall be given or transferred to some other institution or
institutions having objects similar to the objects of the fund … such
institution or institutions to be determined by the members of the fund at or
before the time of dissolution … and if and so far as effect cannot be given
to the aforesaid provision, then to some charitable object …

[emphasis added]

RPA was registered as a charity in 1963. In contrast to REF, the RPA did not
have as an object the relief of poverty, but was focused only on the
advancement of education (in particular, the study of Rationalist philosophy
and ethics). Nevertheless, the functions that were previously performed by REF
were, after REF’s dissolution, performed by RPA.

49 Notably, it was conceded in Re Stemson’s Will that the testator’s gift was
“a gift to a charitable corporation as such and is not a gift for charitable
purposes” [emphasis added] (at 24D). Plowman J also held that the will
disclosed no general charitable intention, as cl 5 of the will showed that the
testator was particularly relying on REF to carry out his wishes (at 24E). It
is helpful, as an illustration, to reproduce the degree of detail and
specificity with which cl 5 of the will was drafted:

I give devise and bequeath all the rest residue and remainder of my estate …
unto the Rationalist Endowment Fund Ltd. (hereinafter called 'the
association') absolutely … and I request that the said association shall …
apply the residue for the purpose of founding a hostel for the benefit of
rationalists in reduced circumstances especially as this appears to be one of
the objects in the memorandum of the association and also in view of the fact
that the association are aware of my wishes in this respect but I declare that
such request shall not create any trust … or make any obligation … but I
declare that when the association shall apply the residue in accordance with
my wishes they shall if possible inform and consult my executor.

[emphasis added]

50 Plowman J recognised (at 24F–G) that the principle in Re Faraker, Re Lucas,
and Re Bagshaw was “well settled”, that “so long as there are funds held in
trust for the purposes of a charity, the charity does not cease to exist but
continues in existence and is not destroyed by an alteration in its
constitution or objects made in accordance with law”, but noted (at 24H) that
those cases did not deal with an incorporated charity liable to voluntary
dissolution, but rather to “a charity founded as a perpetual charity”. Plowman
J went on to consider Re Roberts, concluding that the principle in Re Faraker
was not regarded as being applicable to the case of an incorporated charity
liable to voluntary dissolution (at 27E–F). After considering Re Vernon’s
Will, he then held that (at 28H–29A):

… a charitable trust, which no one has power to terminate, retains its
existence despite such vicissitudes as schemes, amalgamations and change of
name so long as it has any funds … where funds come to the hands of a
charitable organisation such as R.E.F., which is founded, not as a perpetual
charity but one liable to termination, and its constitution provides for the
disposal of its funds in that event, then if the organisation ceases to exist
and its funds are disposed of, the charity or charitable trust itself ceases
to exist and there is nothing to prevent the operation of the doctrine of
lapse.

Therefore, per Re Stemson’s Will, whether a gift to a charity that has ceased
to exist will lapse, depends on whether it was terminated voluntarily.

Decision

Analytical framework

51 I have adopted the following framework for my analysis, drawing on the
authorities in Singapore, England, Australia, and Canada, as set out above.

(a) Where there is a gift by will to a named charity, has the named charity
ceased to exist in the lifetime of the testator, whether before or after the
date of the will?

(i) In examining whether the gift is to a particular named charity, a
benignant interpretation is to be accorded (above at [28]–[29]). A mere
misnaming will not vitiate the gift. For example, the gift need not state the
precise legal or registered name of a charity before the gift can be construed
as a gift to a charity of matching description.

(ii) In examining whether the named charity has ceased to exist, there should
be consideration of whether the charity existed in substance in the form of a
charitable trust. If the charity or its governing body has ceased to operate
as an institution, but the underlying charitable trust has not been dissolved
and continues to exist (for example, where the trust fund has not been
exhausted or dissipated), the gift has not lapsed and will accrue in favour of
the charitable trust.

(iii) In examining whether the named charity has ceased to exist, the focus
should be on substance over form. A mere change in name or an alteration in
objects will not mean that a charity has ceased to exist (above at [42]).

(b) If the named charity (regardless of whether it is incorporated or
unincorporated) has ceased to exist, (1) can the gift be construed as a gift
for the purposes of the named charity on a benignant construction of the will,
or (2) can the gift only be construed as being intended for the particular
named charitable institution per se, in the sense that the continued existence
of the named institution is essential to the gift (above at [32]–[35], [40],
[44])?

(i) In construing the gift, a gift to a named charity without more raises the
inference that the gift is to the purposes of the named charity (see also, the
discussion below at [87]–[90]).

(ii) In applying a benignant construction, the court will generally find that
the gift is for charitable purposes. However, the court will not strain the
will (above at [28]–[29]). For example, if the gift contains detailed provisos
that express a clear intention that the gift is exclusively intended to be
restricted only to specific persons, particular structures, or a specific
locality, the limited character of the gift should not be ignored.

(c) If the gift can be construed as being for the purpose of the named
charity, the gift will not lapse if: (1) substantially the same purpose of
that named charity was continued on, as a matter of fact, (2) by what can
properly and reasonably be regarded as a successor of that named charity. The
dissolution of the institutional form does not terminate the charitable
purpose so long as that purpose is still capable of being carried out. The
gift will accrue in favour of the successor (above at [35], [40] and
[44]–[46]).

(i) Whether or not the same charitable purpose continues to be carried out,
and whether or not there exists a successor, is again a matter of substance
over form. The same purpose may continue to be carried out as a matter of
fact, even if the objects of the successor are broader than that of the
original named charity. Successors include, but are not limited to,
amalgamated or consolidated charities.

(ii) If no such successor exists, the gift will not lapse if the gift can be
construed as an accretion to or augmentation of the assets of the named
charity, which continue to be applied for charitable purposes. The gift will
accrue in favour of the charity presently administering those funds.

(iii) If no such successor exists, the gift will not lapse if the testator
expressed a general charitable intent. The gift may be applied cy-près.

(d) If the gift is only to be construed as being intended for the particular
named charitable institution per se, and for no other purpose, the gift will
lapse.

52 I now set out my analysis in greater depth.

53 It was held by the Court of Appeal in Low Ah Cheow (at [19]–[20]) that
“effect must be given to the intention of the testator at the time he made his
will, as declared and apparent in the will”. However, extrinsic evidence will
be admissible to aid in the construction of the will where the intention is
ambiguous. In particular, where a charitable gift is in issue, it has been
held by the Court of Appeal in Koh Lau Keow (at [21]), that “where a bequest
is capable of two constructions, one of which would make it void, and the
other would make it effectual, the latter should be adopted … On the other
hand, the court must not strain the will to gain money for charity”. This is
the principle of benignant construction.

54 As the analysis of the Testator’s intention proceeds from the words of the
Gift Clause, I restate them for convenience:

upon the demise of my said wife my Trustees shall vest the said property to
the National University Hospital Endowment Fund

55 Notably, the intention of the Testator here was to vest the Property in
“the National University Hospital Endowment Fund” (ie, NUHEF). What is
apparent from the Gift Clause, is that the Gift is not a gift to an
institution operating at any particular place or to a charity delimited by
some specified locality, but a gift to what is indisputably a charitable fund,
namely the NUHEF.

Whether the charity has ceased to exist

56 The first question is whether the named charity, NUHEF, has in substance
ceased to exist. In my view, NUHEF and NUHPCF are undoubtedly the same
charity, merely renamed.

57 Counsel for the Executrix contends that, on the available evidence,
NUHEF/NUHPCF was not an unincorporated association, but a charitable trust.
NUHSF submitted that the NUHEF/NUHPCF Board of Trustees as a “group of
individuals” was an unincorporated association, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s Supplemental Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at paras
11–15.

but agreed that there are indications of NUHEF/NUHPCF being a charitable trust
(above at [11]). I accept that the requirements of an underlying charitable
trust for NUHEF/NUHPCF are fulfilled. The evidence as set out in the
governance documents and the audited financial statements of NUHEF/NUHPCF
consistently identifies National University Hospital (Singapore) Pte Ltd (ie,
NUH) as the “trustee” of NUHEF/NUHPCF, that holds “bequests, demises, cash and
other donations received or to be received” by NUHEF/NUHPCF. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 58 (rule 6.1), 78,
107 (rule 6.1), 123 (rule 3.2.1), 138, 149, and 163.

There is certainty of intention, certainty of subject matter, and it is
undisputed that NUHEF/NUHPCF’s purposes were charitable (see generally, Koh
Lau Keow at [18], referring to The Commissioners for Special Purposes of the
Income Tax v John Frederick Pemsel [1891] AC 531 at 583). The question is
whether the charitable trust was dissolved on the facts.

58 Counsel for the Executrix relies on the 4 June 2012 Resolution to submit
that the trust had been dissolved pursuant to a resolution passed by the
NUHPCF Board of Trustees, which appears to approve “the dissolution of NUH
Patientcare Charity Fund (PCF) and to transfer its fund balances to NUHS Funds
Limited. Funds transferred from the NUH PCF will be ringfenced in the NUH
Funds Limited to continue to meet the objectives as set out in NUH PCF” (above
at [22]).

59 Did the NUHPCF Board of Trustees in fact operate as trustees of the
underlying charitable trust and have the power to dissolve the charitable
trust by way of the 4 June 2012 Resolution? This question requires a closer
examination of the history of NUHEF/NUHPCF and the role of the NUHEF/NUHPCF
Board of Trustees, as set out in its governance documents.

60 NUHEF was established around 7 February 1986. There is evidence that as
late as 7 April 2005, stewardship of NUHEF was provided by a “Management
Committee”, and not a “Board of Trustees”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 49–55.

The term “Board of Trustees” appears in the NUHEF Rules of Operation, in the
version revised as of 14 April 2005 (the “Rules of Operation 2005”) at rule 6.
Rules 6.2 and 6.3 state that the NUHEF Board of Trustees are to be appointed
by the Board of Directors of NUH (the “NUH Board of Directors”) and that the
Chairman of the NUHEF Board of Trustees is to be appointed by Chairman of the
National Healthcare Group or by the NUH Board of Directors. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 58.

In short, the appointment powers are broadly in the hands of the NUH Board of
Directors.

61 Rules 6.2 and 6.5 of the Rules of Operation 2005 then state that the NUHEF
Board of Trustees shall exercise stewardship over NUHEF “within the stated
purpose and in accordance with the particular items and conditions, if any,
attached to specific donations”. Rule 6.6 provides that the NUHEF Board of
Trustees shall have power exercisable from time to time as they may in their
absolute discretion think fit: (a) to champion the cause of NUHEF; (b) to
assist in fundraising; (c) to appoint or set-up committee(s) or officers for
the purpose of fund raising and keeping the appointed “Endowment Fund
Administrator(s)” informed. In relation to the disbursement of the moneys for
grants, rule 8 of the Rules of Operation 2005 sets out the approval authority
structure. Disbursements above $500,000 require the approval of the NUH Board
of Directors. Disbursements exceeding $50,000 but not more than $500,000,
require the approval of any two of the following: (1) the Chairman of the
NUHEF Board of Trustees; (2) the CEO of NUH; and (3) the Chairman of the
Medical Board of NUH. All disbursements below $50,000 can be approved by the
CEO of NUH or the Chairman of the Medical Board of NUH alone. Certain staff of
NUH may approve disbursements below $10,000 in capital expenditure. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 59.

62 As seen from this, the NUHEF Board of Trustees’ mandate was largely in
relation to stewardship and fundraising. It had almost no involvement in the
disbursements of the fund’s moneys. Only the Chairman of the NUHEF Board of
Trustees could be involved where disbursements exceeded $50,000 but were below
$500,000. Even then, his approval was not necessary where the CEO of NUH and
the Chairman of the Medical Board of NUH provide their approval. The NUHEF
Board of Trustees hence did not have the usual responsibilities of trustees in
managing the use of the trust funds. Importantly, rule 6.1 of the Rules of
Operation 2005 identifies NUH as the “Trustee of the Fund”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 58.

Additionally, rule 15 of the Rules of Operation 2005 states that NUHEF shall
not be dissolved unless approved by the NUH Board of Directors. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 62.

Hence, the NUHEF Board of Trustees did not have any power to dissolve NUHEF
under the Rules of Operation 2005.

63 The next set of Rules of Operation that are in evidence, are the NUHPCF
Rules of Operation, in the version revised as of August 2007 (the “Rules of
Operation 2007”). The Rules of Operation 2007 similarly sets out a similarly
narrow scope of powers for the NUHPCF Board of Trustees in rules 3.2.5 and
3.2.6. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 124.

Pursuant to rule 3.6, the NUHPCF Board of Trustees continues to have little
involvement in grants and disbursements. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 127.

The power of appointment of the Chairman of the NUHPCF Board of Trustees
continues to be in the hands of the NUH Board of Directors. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 124.

There is some difference in the dissolution clause. Per rule 4 of the Rules of
Operation 2007, the dissolution of NUHPCF requires the joint approval of the
NUHPCF Board of Trustees and the NUH Board of Directors. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 130.

Importantly, rule 3.2.1 of the Rules of Operation 2007 continues to clearly
state that “The Trustee of the Fund is NUH”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 123.

64 The documents therefore indicate that at the time that the NUHEF was
created in February 1986, the “Board of Trustees” were not the trustees of the
charitable trust. Up to 2005, they were a “Management Committee”. Even after
they were called a “Board of Trustees” in around 2005, they did not have
powers and responsibilities resembling those of trustees of a trust. Instead,
the role of the Board of Trustees was mainly in relation to stewardship and
fundraising. In fact, NUH was consistently referred to as the trustee of the
charitable trust. NUH is also identified as such in the various audited
financial statements. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 78, 138, 149, and
163.

65 This means that the NUHPCF Board of Trustees did not have the power to
dissolve the charitable trust underlying NUHPCF by way of the 4 June 2012
Resolution. The mere passing of this resolution, could not, in itself, have
been able to dissolve the charitable trust. Counsel for the Executrix accepted
that this would appear to be the position based on the Rules of Operation. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE, 1 November 2023, at 4.

Without external intervention, a charitable trust can only be dissolved by the
terms of its trust deed, or where there has been a cessation of its activities
and all its assets have been exhausted (see Re Broadbent (deceased) (Imperial
Cancer Research Fund and others v Bradley and another) [2001] EWCA Civ 714
(“Re Broadbent”) at [50]).

66 In my judgment, from the governance structure set out in the Rules of
Operation 2005 and Rules of Operation 2007, it was the NUH Board of Directors
that was operating as the trustee of the charitable trust (as the decision-
making organ of NUH), rather than the NUHEF/NUHPCF Board of Trustees.

67 It is therefore relevant how the NUH Board of Directors approached the
matter of the purported dissolution of NUHPCF in 2012.

68 The 10 October 2011 Board Paper on the issue of the incorporation of a
company limited by guarantee (ie, NUHSF) was surfaced for the approval of the
NUHS Board of Directors. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 179–210.

The NUHS had been created in January 2008 as one of the three public
healthcare clusters in Singapore, with NUH being one of the hospitals in this
cluster. As mentioned, NUHS is the administrative body for NUH. Both parties
accept that the NUHS Board of Directors effectively served as the NUH Board of
Directors for the purposes of the Rules of Operation. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE, 1 November 2023, at 3.

69 The 10 October 2011 Board Paper states that NUH is the trustee of the
NUHPCF. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 180.

The purpose of the paper was to obtain the approval of the NUHS Board of
Directors to “place the NUH PCF under an umbrella Fund” (along with another
charitable fund, the “NUH Health Research Endowment Fund” (the “NUH HREF”)),
that would take the form of a company limited by guarantee (ie, NUHSF). The 10
October 2011 Board Paper highlighted the distinct advantages that would be
brought by this corporate structure, such as enhanced corporate governance,
limited liability cover, and more stringent regulatory compliance, which were
not available to NUHPCF. As a company limited by guarantee, there would be a
need for only one Board of Directors to oversee both NUHPCF and NUH HREF,
whereas there were prior to that point separate boards for NUHPCF and NUH
HREF. The 10 October 2011 Board Paper stated that the plan was to incorporate
NUHPCF as a sub-fund within the umbrella fund. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 181 and 209.

70 The 10 October 2011 Board Paper, which was approved by the NUHS Board of
Directors, indicates that the NUHS Board of Directors had no intention to
dissolve the charitable trust of NUHPCF. Instead, the aim was to incorporate
NUHPCF under an umbrella fund, NUHSF, for the purposes of taking advantage of
the benefits provided by the corporate structure. NUHSF was incorporated for
this purpose on 14 February 2012. The manner in which the funds of NUHPCF were
thereafter treated is entirely consistent with the objectives set out in the
10 October 2011 Board Paper and show that the intention of the restructuring
exercise was not to dissolve the charitable trust of NUHPCF. In the audited
financial statements for NUHPCF for the year ended 31 March 2012 and in the
audited financial statements for the period until 15 August 2012 (the date
when NUHPCF’s funds were transferred), it was recorded that NUHPCF intended to
transfer its assets to NUHSF. The total funds were in the amount of
$22,284,900. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 149 and 163.

In NUHSF’s audited financial statements for the corresponding period, NUHPCF’s
funds were said to have been transferred to NUHSF “pursuant to a restructuring
exercise” on 15 August 2012. The transferred amount was similar, in the amount
of $22,284,908. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 323, 325, and
331–332.

Counsel for the Executrix accepted that the documentary evidence shows that
the manner of transfer was such that NUHPCF’s funds were simply transferred to
NUHSF, and were ring-fenced and used for the same objectives of NUHPCF. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 1 November 2023, at 5.

71 In my judgment, the charity that is NUHEF/NUHPCF never ceased to exist. The
underlying charitable trust continues to exist. There is no indication that
the trust fund had been exhausted. The trust funds that were transferred from
NUHPCF continued to be held on trust by NUHSF for the charitable purposes of
NUHEF/NUHPCF. The trust funds were ring-fenced and dedicated for those
purposes. It is clear from the documentary evidence that the NUHPCF Board of
Trustees was not the trustees of the underlying charitable trust and did not
have any power to dissolve it via the 4 June 2012 Resolution. The true trustee
of NUHPCF, NUH, showed no intention (through the NUHS Board of Directors) of
dissolving the underlying charitable trust when it approved of the transfer of
funds to NUHSF. The de-registration of NUHPCF as a charity on 6 December 2012
pertains to its registration status, and does not detract from the continued
existence of the underlying charitable trust.

72 For completeness, I briefly address two further points raised by counsel
for the Executrix. First, they refer to a letter from NUHS addressed to a
“Valued Partner” dated 18 June 2012, where NUHS informed the addressee of the
incorporation of NUHSF, and that NUHPCF would thereafter be “dissolve[d]”,
with its funds ring-fenced in NUHSF “to continue to be used in accordance with
the original intent of donors of NUH PCF”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 308.

In my view, this letter was merely a public communication by NUHS of what
would happen in practical terms and was not intended to be relied upon as a
statement of the legal position in respect of the underlying charitable trust.
The letter mainly informed the addressee of the need to bill new activities to
NUHSF, and to ensure that outstanding invoices for NUHPCF were submitted
before the cut-off date of 20 July 2012. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at 309.

In the totality of the evidence considered at [67]–[71] above, this letter is
entirely consistent with NUHPCF simply being subsumed as a sub-fund under the
NUHSF umbrella fund.

73 Second, counsel for the Executrix submits that the financial accounts
provided by NUHS do not expressly state that the transferred funds were ring-
fenced. However, it is trite that the absence of segregation does not render
funds that are subject to a trust, any less a trust (see Hinckley Singapore
Trading Pte Ltd v Sogo Department Stores (S) Pte Ltd (under judicial
management) [2001] 3 SLR(R) 119 at [39], citing the well-established authority
of Re Kayford Ltd [1975] 1 WLR 279). In any event, I am also satisfied that on
the evidence, the funds transferred were intended to be ring-fenced, given
that this was consistently stated in multiple sources, such as the 4 June 2012
Resolution, in NUHS’ external communications, and in NUHSF’s audited financial
statements, which referred to the funds as “restricted funds” that could only
be applied towards charitable purposes that were in substance the same as
those of NUHPCF. They were restricted for application to only four programmes,
which were the same as those that had been carried out by NUHPCF. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Affidavit of Geraldine Goh Ai Ling dated 3 March 2023 at paras 38–48.

This is clear evidence of the intention to continue to hold the funds on
trust.

74 The Gift therefore did not lapse as the charitable trust underlying
NUHEF/NUHPCF continues to exist. The sale proceeds of the Property are
therefore to go to NUHSF.

Even if the charity had ceased to exist, whether the Gift was for charitable
purposes or was for a particular named institution

75 I would add that even if the charitable trust underlying NUHPCF could have
been dissolved by the 4 June 2012 Resolution, that does not necessarily mean
that the Gift had lapsed.

76 The question that arises, where a named charity has ceased to exist, is
whether the testator intended to gift to the charitable institution as such or
to its charitable purposes. On the facts, the question is whether the Testator
intended to gift the Gift to NUHEF per se, or to gift the Gift to the
charitable purposes of NUHEF. As mentioned, it is undisputed that NUHEF/NUHPCF
was never an incorporated charity.

Gifts to incorporated and unincorporated charities

77 As canvassed above (at [30]–[35]), the approach in the English authorities
to this question follows Re Vernon’s Will. The position is that every gift to
a named unincorporated charity without more, must take effect as a gift for
its charitable purposes, unless the continued existence of the named
institution was essential to the gift. The Gift Clause provides for a gift to
NUHEF without more. It discloses no details save for the beneficiary.
Following Re Vernon’s Will, the Gift is for the charitable purposes of NUHEF.

78 Counsel for the Executrix refers to the obiter dictum of Wilberforce J in
Re Roberts (above at [21]), which appears to doubt that a gift to an
unincorporated charity without more must take effect as a gift for charitable
purposes. In my view, the dictum in Re Roberts does not go so far as to doubt
the position in Re Vernon’s Will.

79 In Re Roberts, the testatrix gifted the residue of her estate to six named
charities, one of which was “the Sheffield Boys Working Home (Western Bank,
Sheffield)”, by a will executed in 1930. The gift clause was bare, stating no
more than the names of the six charities. The premises at Western Bank had
been acquired in 1889 under a trust deed dated 19 October 1889. Clause 1 of
the trust deed stated that the premises would be used for the “Sheffield Boys
Working Home”, described as an institution for the benefit of orphan or
destitute boys. Clauses 17 and 18 empowered the trustees to deal with the
premises, and provided that the proceeds of any such sale were to be “added to
the general funds of the charity”. Clause 19 provided that if the governors of
the Sheffield Boys Working Home found that it cannot be efficiently kept up or
ought to be discontinued, the premises could be sold by the trustees, with the
proceeds to be paid to other “charitable institutions of the town of
Sheffield” or for “for such other purposes for the benefit of the poor
inhabitants of Sheffield”. In 1945, after the date of the testatrix’s will,
the Sheffield Boys Working Home closed and the premises were sold. The assets
were then transferred to the “Sheffield Town Trust”, a trust which concerned a
wide variety of purposes connected with Sheffield. The testatrix passed in
1961 without changing her will. Referring first to the “well-known cases” of
Re Faraker, Re Lucas and Re Bagshaw, Wilberforce J considered that the
principle in those cases did not necessarily apply to a case where the
trustees of a charity had express powers to terminate the charity. Wilberforce
J then said (at 414):

Is this a gift to a particular institution at a particular place, or should it
be treated as a gift for charitable purposes, the purposes for which the home
was originally established? That is a question of construction as was stated
by the Court of Appeal in In re Lucas, and, apparently, of course, a question
of what in fact the trusts of the charity are. The mere fact that there is a
gift to an unincorporated charity does not seem to me to be enough to enable
me to come to the conclusion that it is a gift for charitable purposes …

[emphasis added]

80 The specific dictum that is relied upon by counsel for the Executrix (above
at [21]) had been analysed by Goff J in Re Finger’s Will (at 296E–297C). Goff
J did not find that Re Roberts doubted Re Vernon’s Will and held that there
was nothing in Re Roberts that seriously conflicted with Re Vernon’s Will.
Goff J explained that the dictum of Wilberforce J in Re Roberts must be taken
in the context of the question which Wilberforce J had previously posed for
himself (emphasised above in italics). Goff J highlighted that the gift in Re
Roberts was not a gift to a named unincorporated charity generally, but a gift
specifically to a “home” (the Sheffield Boys Working Home), “which describes
something having a physical existence” (at 296H). Wilberforce J was therefore
not concerned with whether the gift was a purpose gift. Wilberforce J assumed
that it was. In Goff J’s view, Wilberforce J was not considering in Re Roberts
any distinction between gifts to corporate and unincorporated bodies. The most
that could be said of the dictum was that Wilberforce J was looking for some
positive indication that the purposes of the gift were general and not tied to
the particular body and Wilberforce J indeed concluded that it was general, as
Goff J observed, “without any real context affirmatively to show that” (Re
Finger’s Will at 297A).

81 Moreover, I observe further that, as can be seen from the extract of Re
Roberts above, Wilberforce J expressly followed Re Lucas. As I have canvassed,
the question in Re Lucas was whether a gift to the “Crippled Children’s Home,
Lindley Moore, Huddersfield” was either (a) a gift for the purposes of
upkeeping the premises at Lindley Moor as a home for crippled children as
distinct from the charity carrying it on, and for no other purpose; or (b) a
gift for the general purposes of the charity. The English Court of Appeal
concluded that unless there were clear and specific words that indicated that
the gifts were for “some special or restricted purpose as distinct from the
general purposes of the charity”, the gift was for the charity’s general
purposes (above at [44]). This analysis was evidently followed by Wilberforce
J in Re Roberts, as he ultimately held that although the gift was to
“Sheffield Boys Working Home” without more, the gift of the testatrix in her
will was for the purposes of an institution. It “was not so exclusively tied
up with a particular home physically located on the premises” such that
Wilberforce J would have to find that when the physical home at Western Bank
ceased to exist, the charity ended (Re Roberts at 415). Wilberforce J
accordingly distinguished both Re Rymer, a case which he noted had “not
received much favour in the courts”, and Re Harwood, with the former being a
case where the gift was “of a particularly local character by reason not only
of the gift itself but by reason of the other context in the will” and the
latter concerning “a gift to a very particular society for a very special
purpose” (at 415–416). Both are cases relied on by counsel for the Executrix
for the proposition that a general charitable intention should be difficult to
find if a particular charitable institution has been selected and care has
been taken to identify it as the beneficiary of the gift, but that charitable
institution ceased to exist before the date of the testator’s demise (above at
[21]). In Wilberforce J’s view, the antecedent question is necessarily that of
whether the charity had in fact ceased to exist, taking into account the
circumstance of the charity and the available information (Re Roberts at 416).

82 In addition, Wilberforce J considered whether cl 19 of the trust deed
(above at [79]) meant that the trustees had the power to terminate the
charity. He held that, on the facts, the trustees did not have such power. To
answer this question, Wilberforce J first identified “what really was the
charity”, and concluded that it had two elements: first, the premises at
Western Bank, and second, some other funds. This was sufficient for
Wilberforce J to conclude that the trust deed dated 19 October 1889 did not
also govern the charitable trusts relating to those funds (Re Roberts at 415).
If the purposes of the charitable trusts relating to the funds could still be
carried out, they must remain the subject of charitable trusts. Accordingly,
by cl 19 of the trust deed, the trustees could not terminate the entire
charity, but were only given the power to decide that the particular machinery
of the home at Western Bank could not be carried on at particular premises
which no longer existed. He therefore found that the charitable purposes of
the charity could not be and was not put to an end, citing Re Faraker (Re
Roberts at 416).

83 From the above examination of the decision in Re Roberts and Goff J’s
analysis of the specific dictum in Re Finger’s Will, I do not think it can be
said that Wilberforce J was doubting the proposition in Re Vernon’s Will.
Rather, Re Roberts illustrates the approach of favouring upholding charitable
gifts and shows that a great degree of specificity is required before a gift
will be construed to be of a limited character.

84 Furthermore, I note that in England, the courts have continued to endorse
the principle in Re Vernon’s Will, for example in Re Koeppler, Kings, and
Macintyre (above at [35]).

85 While the Australian and Canadian authorities adopt a similar approach to
unincorporated charities, they do not adopt the distinction made in Re
Vernon’s Will between incorporated and unincorporated charities (above at
[36]–[41]).

86 There is therefore, minimally, a common thread running through the
authorities in England, Australia and Canada, which is that the courts will
generally apply a presumption that gifts to named unincorporated charities are
gifts to the charitable purposes of that charity.

87 As the Gift here does not involve an incorporated charity as the intended
beneficiary, the issue of whether this approach should also apply to
incorporated charities (per the Australian and Canadian approach) or if a
distinction should be made between incorporated and unincorporated charities
(per the English approach following Re Vernon’s Will), does not strictly
arise.

88 However, I would observe, that taking a testator’s expressed intention as
set out in a will as the starting point of analysis, it will not usually be
apparent that a testator would have considered the corporate or unincorporated
form of a charity when making the testamentary disposition. I accept the force
of counsel for the Executrix’s submission that lay testators would not
typically address their mind to this distinction. Following such a distinction
could lead to what Goff J described as “anomalous results” in Re Finger’s
Will. It could certainly result in arbitrary outcomes that are at variance
with the testator’s actual intentions, especially as the specific machinery
chosen by a charity and whether or not such a charity might cease to exist
prior to the date of the testator’s death are in the usual case matters
outside of their knowledge and control. Neither has there been any distinction
made between gifts to unincorporated charities and incorporated charities in
our local jurisprudence.

89 The principle of benignant construction of charitable gifts as set out in
Koh Lau Keow was made without such distinction. It applies to gifts to both
unincorporated charities and incorporated charities. The Court of Appeal in
Khoo Jeffrey also did not draw a distinction between unincorporated and
incorporated forms when it held (at [33]) that a “distinction must be drawn
between a charitable purpose and the institutional form (be it an
unincorporated association, individuals, or a company) through which the
charitable purpose is effected or administered” [emphasis added].

90 In my view, there is much to commend the certainty and predictability
brought about by the Australian approach, which does not follow the
distinction stated in Re Vernon’s Will. Nevertheless, I leave that issue to be
determined in an appropriate case.

The Gift was for charitable purposes

91 Following the benignant construction accorded to charitable gifts as set
out in Koh Lau Keow and bearing in mind the authorities in England, Australia
and Canada as set out above, I consider that even if NUHPCF had ceased to
exist, the Gift does not necessarily lapse, as the Gift was a gift for the
charitable purposes of NUHEF. The Gift is not one that can only be construed
as being intended for NUHEF per se, in the sense that the continued existence
of NUHEF in a wholly unaltered form is essential to the gift.

92 In my view, such a reading does not strain the Gift Clause or the Will. I
reiterate that it is undisputed that the Gift Clause was bare as to any
detailed or specific purpose. It was a gift to NUHEF without more. There is
nothing in the language of the Gift Clause which indicates a particular
intention to gift an institution per se, or to a particular building or
locality, where there might arguably be a stronger case that construing the
Gift as a gift for charitable purposes would strain the Will. Unlike a gift
that is specific to a particular building or particular locality, as in Re
Spence (“The Blind Home Scott Street Keighley and the Old Folks Home at
Hillworth Lodge Keighley for the benefit of the patients”), or in Re Rymer
(“to the rector for the time being of St. Thomas’ Seminary for the education
of priests in the diocese of Westminster for the purposes of such seminary”),
the Gift in this case was to an “Endowment Fund”, NUHEF, which cannot be tied
to any particular locality, and can only be applied for purposes. A charitable
fund is a pool of money applied for charitable purposes. It likewise cannot be
contended that the Gift was for the upkeep of a particular building or
premises (see Re Broadbent at [36] and [44]). However, I should note that even
in in Re Roberts, Wilberforce J found that the gift to “Sheffield Boys Working
Home” was for charitable purposes (see [80]–[81] above). Indeed, this was the
case in Re Faraker, Re Lucas and Re Bagshaw, where the gifts were all
expressed in relation to some structure (“Mrs Bailey’s Charity, Rotherhithe”,
“the Crippled Children’s Home, Lindley Moore, Huddersfield”, and “Bakewell and
District War Memorial Cottage Hospital”), but the real question was whether
the charitable purposes continued to exist, as a matter of fact. Finally, the
Gift Clause does not set out rich details that are specific to the named
charitable institution, that could suggest that it is exclusively intended to
be limited to some special application. It is quite unlike the gift in Re
Stemson’s Will (above at [49]) or in Re Rymer (see Re Rymer at 28–29).

93 In my judgment, there is nothing in the language of the Gift Clause which
indicates a particular intention to gift to NUHEF as a “charitable
institution” per se, rather than to the charitable purposes of NUHEF. It is in
fact difficult to describe a fund (such as NUHEF) as a “charitable
institution” in any way that is meaningfully distinct from its existence as a
pool of money to be applied for charitable purposes. It cannot be
conceptualised otherwise. The name of the fund, “National University Hospital
Endowment Fund”, ie, a fund for the purposes of the hospital, is on its face
suggestive that the fund is for charitable purposes. The raison d'être of
NUHEF/NUHPCF is to apply funds for charitable purposes. The Gift, being a gift
to a fund, is a gift for the charitable purposes of NUHEF/NUHPCF. This finding
does not require straining the Gift Clause or the Will.

94 Continuing with the assumption that NUHPCF has ceased to exist, the
question which follows is whether substantially the same charitable purposes
of NUHEF/NUHPCF continued through NUHSF, as its successor. This in turn raises
two sub-issues: (a) whether it could be said that substantially the same
charitable purposes of NUHEF/NUHPCF continued on, as a matter of fact, through
NUHSF; and (b) whether NUHSF could properly and reasonably be regarded as the
successor of NUHEF/NUHPCF.

The same charitable purposes continued

95 Counsel for the Executrix submits that where a charity has the power to
voluntarily terminate itself, and does so, that charity ceases to exist and
there is nothing to prevent the gift from lapsing, citing Re Stemson’s Will
for the proposition that the principle in Re Faraker, Re Lucas and Re Bagshaw
does not apply. This submission depends on a prior finding that the Gift was a
gift to NUHEF as a charitable institution per se, rather than a gift to its
charitable purposes. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 7 September 2023 at para 62; Claimant’s
Further Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 at para 23.

As I have explained, Re Stemson’s Will was a case where the gift was made to
the charitable corporation as such, and was not concerned with gifts for
charitable purposes (above at [49]). I have already found that the Gift was a
gift for charitable purposes. Furthermore, Re Stemson’s Will was a case where
it was undisputed that the charity in question, REF, had completely ceased to
exist, and RPA was an entirely different charitable institution, rather than a
successor.

96 While I agree that whether a charity has the power to voluntarily terminate
itself might be a relevant consideration, in my respectful view, that cannot
be the end of the enquiry. There is no principled basis not to consider
whether the same charitable purposes continued to be carried out, even after
an apparent voluntary dissolution. In Re Vernon’s Will, Buckley J did not
consider a change to the mechanical aspect through which the charity held
property and managed its affairs would mean that the charity, as distinct from
the institutional mechanism it employed, would cease to exist (above at [46]).
As was held by the Court of Appeal in Khoo Jeffrey (at [33]), there is a
distinction between the charitable purpose and the institutional form. The
“dissolution of the institutional form does not terminate the charitable
purpose as long as that purpose is still capable of being carried out”. Hence,
even where there is a voluntary dissolution of a charity, the facts of each
individual case must be considered to assess if the same charitable purposes
continue.

97 On the evidence, I find that NUHSF was pursuing and continuing the same
charitable purposes as NUHPCF. I accept NUHSF’s submissions, and the evidence
of Ms Geraldine Goh, an officer of NUHSF, that there was no substantive change
to the charitable purposes of NUHEF/NUHPCF. Any amendments that had been made
were clarificatory in nature (above at [14] and [19]). Counsel for the
Executrix did not contend otherwise. I am also satisfied that the objects of
NUHEF/NUHPCF are included in the objects of NUHSF, and that NUHSF continues to
hold the funds for the same charitable purposes as NUHEF/NUHPCF.

NUHSF was the successor of NUHPCF

98 In relation to the second sub-issue, ie, whether NUHSF can properly and
reasonably be regarded as the successor of NUHEF/NUHPCF, I find that the
evidence shows that NUHSF took custody of the funds of NUHPCF and was its
successor. There are several factors pointing to this conclusion:

(a) The documentary evidence confirms that the funds of NUHPCF were directly
transferred to NUHSF (above at [70]);

(b) It is undisputed that NUHSF was planned to take over the functions and
purposes previously carried out by NUHPCF, and the purported dissolution of
NUHPCF was directly brought about as a consequence of the incorporation of
NUHSF as its replacement;

(c) NUHSF was held out to third-parties as the successor of NUHPCF;

(d) It was expressly intended, and NUHSF did in fact carry out and pursue the
same charitable purposes as NUHPCF; and

(e) The same funds were applied to the same four programs in NUHSF as they had
been in NUHPCF.

99 Following from the above, even if NUHEF had ceased to exist, I find that on
a benignant construction of the Gift Clause, without straining the Will, the
Gift was to the charitable purposes of NUHEF, and that the same charitable
purposes continued through NUHSF, which was its successor. Accordingly, the
Gift did not lapse and the sale proceeds of the Property are therefore to go
to NUHSF as the successor of NUHEF/NUHPCF.

Conclusion

100 In view of the above, I find that the Property should vest in NUHSF,
pursuant to the Gift Clause.

101 As NUHSF has succeeded, they are entitled to costs. NUHSF submits for the
quantum of $30,000 in costs plus reasonable disbursements, in the event that
they succeed. The Executrix agreed that this was fair. I consider the quantum
sought by NUHSF to be reasonable and award NUHSF costs in the amount of
$30,000 plus reasonable disbursements.

102 The parties agree that in the event the court interprets the Gift Clause
in favour of NUHSF, NUHSF’s party-and-party costs, as well as legal expenses
incurred in defending OA 510, shall be paid out from the Estate. I so order.

103 I wish to record my gratitude for the able assistance provided by
counsels, Mr Kenneth Tan SC, Mr Christopher Yong, and Professor Tang Hang Wu,
who provided thoughtful responses to the court’s queries and assisted with
further research on the applicable positions in England, Australia, and Canada
at my request.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tan Wee Kheng Kenneth Michael SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) (instructed), Yong
Shu Wei Christopher, Tan Yun Hao Alson, and Lui Shi Qi Claudia (Legal
Solutions LLC) for the claimant;

Tang Hang Wu (TSMP Law Corporation) (instructed), Lek Siang Pheng, Sim Mei Jun
Audrey (Shen Meijun), and Tan Yi Xi Joie (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Nov 2023 (12:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

