Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 312

Criminal Case No 37 of 2023

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Prosecution

And

| CSK  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Criminal Law — Offences — Sexual offences]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

CSK

[2023] SGHC 312

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case 37 of 2023  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
18 September, 3 October 2023

31 October 2023 Judgment reserved.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

1 The victim in the present case is 17 years old. She was 15 years old in
December 2021, when the accused committed a series of sexual offences against
her. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at para 2.

At the material time, she was studying in school. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF at para 2.

She and her younger sister lived with her grandaunt (the “Grandaunt”) at home.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Psychological Assessment Report at p 1 (SOF at p 11).

The Grandaunt was the family’s sole breadwinner. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF at para 5.

The victim would help her Grandaunt to clean the floor, wash the clothes, and
hang clothes up to dry while at home. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Psychological Assessment Report at p 5 (SOF at p 15).

2 According to a report by the Child Guidance Clinic of the Institute of
Mental Health (“IMH”) dated 12 December 2022, the victim’s verbal
comprehension and reasoning abilities fall into the Extremely Low range, while
her working memory and processing speed indexes fall within the Low Average
range. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Psychological Assessment Report at p 3 (SOF at p 13).

Overall, she has an IQ of 66 on the Weschler Intelligence Scale for Children –
Fifth Edition (“WISC-V”), which puts her in the “Extremely Low” range of
intelligence. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Psychological Assessment Report at p 3 (SOF at p 13).

3 The victim, her sister, and her Grandaunt have been identified as a
financially-in-need household by a local Resident’s Network (“the RN”) since
at least 2015. The RN is a grassroots organisation under the People’s
Association, and organises events to engage residents and assist families
identified to be in-need. The Grandaunt was actively involved in these events.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at para 5.

4 It was through this connection that the Grandaunt became acquainted with the
accused (a male Singaporean and an employee of the People’s Association) in
2015. The accused, who is now 64 years old, started working at the RN in 2015.
By December 2021 he had become the sole manager of the RN. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at paras 4 and 5.

He developed a good relationship with the victim’s family as he would actively
assist the Grandaunt to find jobs, and he occasionally bought food for their
family. He would also talk regularly to the Grandaunt, who confided in him
about her family circumstances. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at para 5.

As a result of these interactions between 2015 and 2021, the Grandaunt grew to
trust the accused. She thus had no reservations about the accused meeting and
interacting with the victim alone. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF at para 5.

5 Between 2020 and 2021, the Grandaunt would bring the victim and her sister
to a weekly event at the RN called “Breakfast with Love”. There, the victim
started interacting with the accused with increasing frequency. The victim
also began to volunteer at other RN events to help the accused. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF at para 6.

She learnt that the accused was previously a schoolteacher, and he would
assist her with her schoolwork. The victim came to regard the accused as her
“teacher” and held him in high esteem. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 6.

During this period, the accused came to notice that the victim had grown
taller and slimmer. He also noticed that she was generally very obedient and a
slower learner than her younger sister. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF at para 6.

6 On at least four separate occasions in December 2021, the accused took
advantage of his relationship with the victim and the Grandaunt to obtain
unsupervised one-to-one access to the victim and sexually exploit her. This
spate of offences only came to an end when the accused was caught red-handed
on 20 December 2021 by Mr A, a volunteer with the RN and the chairman of the
RN resident committee. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF at para 3.

The charges

7 The accused has pleaded guilty to three proceeded charges under s 376A(1)(b)
punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”) for sexual penetration of a minor below 16 years of age while in an
exploitative relationship with the victim. He has also consented to 15 other
charges under the Penal Code, Films Act (Cap 107, 1998 Rev Ed) (“Films Act”),
and the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“CYPA”) being
taken into consideration (“TIC charges”).

8 The Prosecution has informed that this is the first case involving charges
brought under s 376A(1)(b) punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code.

9 All the proceeded and TIC charges relate to the same victim. I set out below
the details of the proceeded charges below:

S/N| Charge| Offence| Description  
---|---|---|---  
1| TRC-900602-2021(“First Charge”)| Section 376A(1)(b) p/u s 376A(2)(a) of the
Penal Code| Sometime on 5 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did penetrate with
your finger the vagina of the victim, a female then above 14 years of age but
below 16 years of age (15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), whilst in a relationship
that was exploitative of her.  
2| TRC-900144-2023(“Second Charge”)| Section 376A(1)(b) p/u s 376A(2)(a) of
the Penal Code| Sometime on 13 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did penetrate
with your finger the anus of the victim, a female then above 14 years of age
but below 16 years of age (15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), whilst in a
relationship that was exploitative of her.  
3| TRC-900147-2023(“Third Charge”)| Section 376A(1)(b) p/u s 376A(2)(a) of the
Penal Code| Sometime on 13 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did penetrate
with your finger the vagina of the victim, a female then above 14 years of age
but below 16 years of age (15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), whilst in a
relationship that was exploitative of her.  
  
10 The 15 TIC charges are set out below:

S/N| Charge| Offence| Description  
---|---|---|---  
1| DAC-903225-2023(“First TIC Charge”)| Section 7(1)(a)(i) p/u s 7(10)(b) of
the CYPA| Sometime on 1 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did sexually exploit
a young person by committing an indecent act on the victim (female, then 15
years old, D.O.B.: [X]), to wit, by kissing her breasts and licking her vagina
(skin-to-skin).  
2| DAC-903233-2023(“Second TIC Charge”)| Section 377BH(1) p/u s 377BH(2) of
the Penal Code| Sometime on 1 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did
intentionally produce child abuse material knowing that the material you
produced was child abuse material, to wit, by taking nine (9) photographs
capturing the bare breasts of the victim (female, then 15 years old, D.O.B.:
[X]).  
3| DAC-903231-2023(“Third TIC Charge”)| Section 7(1)(a)(i) p/u s 7(10)(b) of
the CYPA| Sometime on 5 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did sexually exploit
a young person by committing an indecent act on the victim (female, then 15
years old, D.O.B.: [X]), to wit, by kissing her breasts and licking her vagina
(skin-to-skin).  
4| TRC-900143-2023(“Fourth TIC Charge”)| Section 376A(1)(b) p/u s 376A(2)(a)
of the Penal Code| Sometime on 13 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did
penetrate with your finger the vagina of the victim, a female then above 14
years of age but below 16 years of age (15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), whilst in
a relationship that was exploitative of her.  
5| DAC-903228-2023(“Fifth TIC Charge”)| Section 7(1)(a)(i) p/u s 7(10)(b) of
the CYPA| Sometime on 13 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did sexually
exploit a young person by committing an indecent act on the victim (female,
then 15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), to wit, by kissing her breasts and licking
her vagina (skin-to-skin).  
6| DAC-903229-2023(“Sixth TIC Charge”)| Section 377BH(1) p/u s 377BH(2) of the
Penal Code| Sometime on 13 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did intentionally
produce child abuse material knowing that the material you produced was child
abuse material, to wit, by taking 78 photographs and recording 4 videos
capturing you digitally penetrating the vagina and anus of the victim (female,
then 15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]).  
7| TRC-900148-2023(“Seventh TIC Charge”)| Section 376A(1)(b) p/u s 376A(2)(a)
of the Penal Code| Sometime on 20 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did
penetrate with your finger the anus of the victim, a female then above 14
years of age but below 16 years of age (15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), whilst in
a relationship that was exploitative of her.  
8| DAC-903230-2023(“Eighth TIC Charge”)| Section 7(1)(a)(i) p/u s 7(10)(b) of
the CYPA| Sometime on 20 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did sexually
exploit a young person by committing an indecent act on the victim (female,
then 15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), to wit, by licking her vagina (skin-to-skin).  
9| TRC-900150-2023(“Ninth TIC Charge”)| Section 375(1A)(a) r/w s 511 p/u s
375(2) r/w s 512(2)(a) of the Penal Code| Sometime on 20 December 2021, at
[X], Singapore, did attempt to penetrate with your penis the mouth of the
victim (female, then 15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), without her consent.  
10| DAC-903232-2023(“Tenth TIC Charge”)| Section 7(1)(b) p/u s 7(10)(b) of the
CYPA| Sometime on 20 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did sexually exploit a
young person by procuring the commission of an indecent act by the victim
(female, then 15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), to wit, by getting her to touch your
penis.  
11| DAC-903234-2023(“Eleventh TIC Charge”)| Section 377BH(1) p/u s 377BH(2) of
the Penal Code| Sometime on 20 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did
intentionally produce child abuse material knowing that the material you
produced was child abuse material, to wit, by taking 106 photographs capturing
the bare breasts and genitals of the victim (female, then 15 years old,
D.O.B.: [X]).  
12| MAC-901148-2023(“Twelfth TIC Charge”)| Section 376ED(2) p/u s 376ED(3)(b)
of the Penal Code| Sometime on 20 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did, for
the purpose of obtaining sexual gratification, intentionally cause the victim
(female, then 15 years old, D.O.B.: [X]), who was below 16 years of age and
who you did not reasonably believe to be of or above 16 years of age, to
observe an image that was sexual, to wit, by showing her a pornographic video
capturing a man and woman engaging in sexual intercourse.  
13| MAC-901147-2023(“Thirteenth TIC Charge”)| Section 30(2)(a) of the Films
Act| Sometime on 20 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did have in your
possession seven (7) obscene films, knowing that these said films were
obscene.  
14| DAC-903226-2023(“Fourteenth TIC Charge”)| Section 204A(b) of the Penal
Code| Sometime on 21 December 2021, at [X], Singapore, did do an act which has
a tendency to obstruct the course of justice whilst intending to obstruct the
course of justice, to wit, by telling the victim not to inform the Police
about the sexual acts you committed on her.  
15| DAC-903227-2023(“Fifteenth TIC Charge”)| Section 204A(b) of the Penal
Code| Sometime between 20 December 2021 and 21 December 2021, in Singapore,
did do an act which has a tendency to obstruct the course of justice whilst
intending to obstruct the course of justice, to wit, by telling one [Mr A] to
remain quiet about what he had witnessed you do with the victim on 20 December
2021 at [X], Singapore, and by informing him that you would give money to the
victim’s family.  
  
Facts

11 I next outline the circumstances of the proceeded and TIC charges, which
took place over four separate occasions.

1 December 2021

12 A few days before 1 December 2021, the accused sought permission from the
Grandaunt to bring the victim out to Jewel Changi Airport for the ostensible
purpose of taking photographs of the victim at the airport. The Grandaunt
agreed as the accused had previously told her that one of his hobbies was
photography, and he had also previously shown her some of his photographs. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOF at para 8.

13 On 1 December 2021, the accused met the victim at Farrer Park MRT. They
travelled to Jewel Changi Airport together. At the airport, the accused took
several photographs of the victim which he later sent to the Grandaunt. The
accused then took the victim out for lunch. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOF at para 9.

14 After lunch, the accused brought the victim to his personal office at the
RN. While alone with the victim in his office, he adjusted the flap of a
cardboard box above his cupboard so that the flap obstructed the view of the
CCTV camera installed in the office. He brought the victim to his sofa and
lifted the victim’s t-shirt and bra up and began to kiss the victim’s exposed
breasts. The accused then removed the victim’s pants and underwear and licked
the victim’s exposed vagina. These acts are the subject of the First TIC
Charge. The accused then took nine photographs of the victim’s bare breasts.
This is the subject of the Second TIC Charge. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOF at paras 10 and 11.

5 December 2021 (First Charge)

15 On 5 December 2021 the accused, with the Grandaunt’s approval, again
brought the victim out to Jewel Changi Airport. He met the victim at a bus
stop near the victim’s home, travelled to the airport together, and had lunch
there. They also took several photographs of the victim while at the airport.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOF at para 13.

16 After this outing, the accused again brought the victim back to his
personal office at the RN. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOF at para 13.

The accused again adjusted the flap of a cardboard box above his cupboard to
obstruct the view of the CCTV camera. With no one else around, the accused
lifted up the victim’s t-shirt and bra up and kissed the victim’s exposed
breasts, and removed the victim’s pants and underwear and licked the victim’s
exposed vagina. This is the subject of the Third TIC Charge. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOF at para 14.

17 The accused then asked the victim to lie prone on the table in his office.
He then touched the victim’s vagina before proceeding to insert his finger
into it. The accused eventually stopped as the victim complained of pain. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOF at para 14.

18 At the material time, by virtue of the victim’s young age at the material
time (15 years old), the age difference between the accused (then 62 years
old) and the victim (a difference of 47 years), the nature of the relationship
between the accused and the victim, as well as the degree of influence
exercised by the accused over the victim, the accused was in a relationship
with the victim that was exploitative of the latter under s 377CA(1) of the
Penal Code. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOF at para 7.

19 By the act of digitally penetrating the victim’s vagina when the victim was
15 years old and whilst the accused was in a relationship with the victim that
was exploitative of the victim, the accused committed an offence under s
376A(1)(b) punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code (the First Charge).

13 December 2021 (Second Charge)

20 Sometime before 13 December 2021, the accused successfully sought
permission from the Grandaunt for the victim to come to the RN to assist him
with volunteer work. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOF at para 16.

21 On 13 December 2021, the accused picked the victim up from her block of
flats. He got the victim to assist him in preparing posters for the RN and
putting these posters up around the neighbourhood. The accused sent the
Grandaunt several photographs of the victim helping him with these tasks. The
accused then brought the victim out for lunch. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOF at para 18.

22 After lunch, the accused brought the victim back to his personal office at
the RN. He again made sure the CCTV inside was obscured using a flap of a
cardboard box. The accused then lifted the victim’s t-shirt and bra up and
began to kiss her exposed breasts. He also removed the victim’s pants and
underwear and licked her exposed vagina. These acts are the subject of the
Fifth TIC Charge. The accused then licked the victim’s vagina and inserted his
finger into it. This is the subject of the Fourth TIC Charge. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOF at para 19.

23 The accused then asked the victim to change positions and lie prone on top
of his table, after which he inserted his finger into the victim’s anus and
moved it in and out several times. By digitally penetrating the victim’s anus,
when the victim was 15 years old and whilst the accused was in a relationship
with the victim that was exploitative of the victim, the accused committed an
offence under s 376A(1)(b) punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code
(the Second Charge). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOF at para 19.

24 Over the course of the above events, the accused also took 78 photographs
and recorded four videos of himself digitally penetrating the victim’s vagina
and anus. This is the subject of the Sixth TIC Charge. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOF at para 19.

20 December 2021 (Third Charge)

25 Shortly before 20 December 2021, the accused again successfully sought
permission from the Grandaunt for the victim to come down to the RN to assist
him with volunteer work. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOF at para 21.

26 On 20 December 2021, the accused brought the victim to help him place
posters for the RN around neighbouring blocks, before again bringing the
victim back to his personal office at the RN. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOF at para 22.

In the office, the accused again obstructed the view of the CCTV using the
flap of a cardboard box.

27 While alone with the victim in his office, the accused removed the victim’s
pants and underwear and licked her exposed vagina. This is the subject of the
Eighth TIC Charge. The accused also took his penis out of his pants and got
the victim to touch his penis. This is the subject of the Tenth TIC Charge. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOF at para 23.

28 The accused then inserted his finger into the victim’s vagina after licking
it. By digitally penetrating the victim’s vagina, when the victim was 15 years
old and whilst the accused was in a relationship with the victim that was
exploitative of the victim, the accused committed an offence under s
376A(1)(b) punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code (the Third Charge).
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOF at para 23.

29 The accused also inserted his finger into the victim’s anus. This is the
subject of the Seventh TIC Charge. He then instructed the victim to pose for
him in various positions while she was undressed. In total, the accused took
106 photographs capturing the victim’s bare breasts and genitals, which acts
are the subject of the Eleventh TIC Charge. These photographs included: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOF at para 25.

(a) six close-up photos of the victim’s exposed vagina;

(b) three close-up photos of the victim’s exposed vagina with the accused
spreading the victim’s labial folds apart with his fingers;

(c) 28 photos of the victim posing with her legs spread apart and her vagina
exposed;

(d) three photos of the victim standing naked with her breasts and vagina
exposed;

(e) 19 photos of the victim posing with her breasts exposed;

(f) 17 photos of the victim posing with a towel and with her breasts exposed;

(g) 16 close-up photos of the victim’s exposed breasts;

(h) three close-up photos of the victim’s vagina area while she was standing;
and

(i) 11 photos of the accused groping the victim’s exposed breast with his
hand.

30 The accused also asked the victim if she had seen videos of people having
sex before. When the victim replied that she had not, the accused showed the
victim a pornographic video capturing a man and woman engaging in sexual
intercourse. This is the subject of the Twelfth TIC Charge. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOF at para 26.

31 The accused thereafter lowered his pants, exposed his penis and turned to
face the victim. He then asked the victim to try sucking on his penis. The
victim refused. The accused thus rubbed his penis against the victim’s mouth
and face and offered the victim money to suck his penis. The victim again
refused. This is the subject of the Ninth TIC Charge. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOF at para 27.

32 At this point, Mr A walked into the accused’s office and saw the accused
standing in front of the victim on the sofa, with his pants lowered. The
accused turned around and quickly stopped what he was doing. Mr A quickly left
the accused’s office. The accused then brought the victim back out to continue
placing posters around the neighbouring blocks, before instructing the victim
to return home. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOF at para 28.

33 On the same day, the accused called Mr A on his mobile phone and sought the
latter’s forgiveness, pleading with him to “keep quiet” about the matter. The
following day (21 December 2021), the accused again messaged Mr A to plead for
his forgiveness and to ask for a “second chance”. The accused informed Mr A
that he was willing to to “paid (sic) back [his] mistake in win win situation”
by giving the victim’s family $200 a month. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOF at para 29.

However, Mr A had already escalated the matter to the RN’s Constituency
Director, who lodged a police report on 22 December 2021. The accused was
arrested on the same day.

Prosecution’s arguments

34 I next outline the Prosecution’s submissions on sentence.

Individual sentences

35 The Prosecution submitted that the predominant sentencing principles in the
present case should be deterrence and retribution. General deterrence was
necessary given the victim’s vulnerability, as signalled by the sentencing
range carved out by Parliament. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Prosecution’s Submissions on Sentence dated 8 September 2023 (“PSS”) at para
5.

Specific deterrence was necessary given the Accused’s conscious choice to
commit his offences. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PSS at para 7.

Retribution was also highly relevant in this case. The accused took more than
a hundred sexual photographs of the victim in addition to sexually and
digitally penetrating her on multiple occasions. This was a case of serious
sexual assault which was unimaginably degrading to the victim’s dignity. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PSS at para 10.

36 As to the applicable sentencing framework, the Prosecution submitted that
the sentencing framework set out by the Court of Appeal in Pram Nair v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“the Pram Nair framework”) should apply to
offences under s 376A(1)(b) punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PSS at para 14.

37 Applying the Pram Nair framework, the Prosecution argued that the offence-
specific aggravating factors would place this case within Band 2.

38 Initially, the first offence-specific aggravating factor highlighted by the
Prosecution was the exploitative relationship which the accused had with the
victim. The Prosecution noted that in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”), the Court of Appeal observed (at [53]) that a
paradigmatic example of a Band 2 case would be the rape of a particularly
vulnerable victim coupled with evidence of an abuse of position. The
Prosecution initially took the position that the very fact that the accused
had enjoyed an exploitative relationship with the victim should per se be
considered one of the offence-specific aggravating factors placing the present
case within Band 2. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PSS at para 21.

This conclusion was, according to the Prosecution, bolstered by the nature and
the extent of the exploitative relationship in the present case. The victim
and her Grandaunt trusted and relied on the accused, which in turn afforded
him the opportunity to be alone with the victim without arousing any
suspicion, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PSS at para 22.

and thereby commit the multiple offences. Further, the Prosecution pointed out
that a child who experienced serious sexual assault at the hands of someone
who was supposed to care for and protect her would suffer indelible
psychological scars, and her ability to function in society might also be
impacted: Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PSS at para 23.

This was indeed what the victim in this case experienced.

39 The Prosecution also identified two other offence-specific aggravating
factors which justified placing the present case within Band 2 of the Pram
Nair framework. These were the victim’s vulnerability by virtue of her
intellectual disability, and the premeditation shown by the accused in
committing the offences (including, for example, his arranging to be
physically alone with the victim and his actions in deliberately obstructing
the CCTV view of his office). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PSS at para 26.

40 In terms of offender-specific mitigating factors, the Prosecution submitted
that the accused’s lack of antecedents was a neutral factor. As for the
mitigating factor of his plea of guilt, this had to be balanced against the 15
TIC charges against the accused.

41 Taking into account the above considerations, the Prosecution contended
that a sentence of seven and a half to 10 years’ imprisonment per charge would
be appropriate.

Imprisonment in lieu of caning

42 By virtue of s 325(1)(b) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”), the accused is ineligible for caning given his age, i.e. 64 years at
the time of sentencing. The Prosecution submitted that the court ought to
exercise its discretion to impose an additional imprisonment term of 12 months
under s 325(2) of the CPC to compensate for this. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PSS at para 31.

Global sentence

43 The Prosecution submitted that the sentences for the First and Third
charges should run consecutively, given that at least two sentences must be
ordered to run consecutively under s 307(1) of the CPC. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PSS at para 39.

This would result in a global term of 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment, with an
enhanced sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment.

Further submissions

44 During the hearing on 18 September 2023, I sought clarification from the
Prosecution as to whether they were taking the position that the very
existence of an exploitative relationship in an offence under s 376A(2)(a) per
se would inevitably constitute an aggravating factor in the sentencing of such
an offence. The Prosecution had argued in their written submissions that on
the basis of comments made by Sundaresh Menon CJ in ABC v Public Prosecutor
[2023] 4 SLR 604, the existence and nature of the exploitative relationship
would be an aggravating factor in the application of the Pram Nair framework.
However, as I pointed out to the Prosecution, the present case was unlike ABC
in at least one critical aspect: unlike the offence under s 376(2) of the
Penal Code referred to by Menon CJ in ABC, in the present case, the existence
of an exploitative relationship was an essential element which triggered the
enhanced punishment provided for under s 376A(2)(a). Both the Prosecution and
the Defence subsequently tendered further submissions on this issue.

45 In its further submissions, the Prosecution took the position that the
existence of an exploitation relationship per se should not be an aggravating
factor in sentencing 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Prosecution’s Further Submissions on Sentence dated 3 October 2023 (“PFS”) at
para 4.

– but that where the nature of an exploitative relationship reflected a
“greater degree of exploitation”, this would indicate a higher level of
gravity to the offence and warrant an uplift in sentence. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PFS at para 7.

The Prosecution offered several reasons for why this should be the case.
First, the degree of exploitation in every relationship is different and
should be measured holistically. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PFS at para 8.

Second, the extent of exploitation would reflect the “intrinsic seriousness of
the offending act” which the different bands of the Pram Nair framework were
intended to measure (Terence Ng at [39]). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PFS at para 9.

Third, the Prosecution noted that even where an aspect of offending formed an
essential element of the offence, the intensity of that aspect could still be
a factor taken into account in sentencing. The Prosecution relied on Public
Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127 (“BDB”), where it was held that in the
context of sentencing offences of voluntarily causing grievous hurt, the
degree of hurt would be a primary indicator of the seriousness of the offence
in determining the appropriate sentence (at [42] of BDB). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PFS at para 11.

46 The Prosecution suggested that the degree of exploitation be taken into
account within the Pram Nair framework in the following manner. The court
should first consider the relevant offence-specific factors, apart from those
which contribute to the degree of exploitation. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PFS at para 14.

One example of an offence-specific aggravating factor which should be excluded
at this stage is “abuse of position and breach of trust”, because – according
to the Prosecution – every exploitative relationship would, by its nature,
involve an abuse of position and breach of trust. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PFS at para 14.

47 Next, the court would determine which sentencing band the offence falls
within and arrive at an indicative starting point within that band. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PFS at para 14.

Only after the court has reached this indicative starting point should the
court assess the degree of exploitation and decide its weight on sentence. The
degree of exploitation would only determine where within the band an offence
falls, rather than which sentencing band applies. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PFS at para 13.

Where an offence has already been placed at the high end of a band, a high
degree of exploitation may warrant moving the case into the next band. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PFS at para 15.

The Prosecution noted that it did not foresee a situation in which the court’s
assessment of the degree of exploitation would result in the offence being
moved to a lower band. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PFS at para 15.

Finally, the Prosecution suggested that only exceptional cases under s
376A(2)(a) ought to attract an indicative starting point of below seven years.
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PFS at para 17.

48 The Prosecution submitted that its proposed approach would apply in the
present case as follows:

(a) The relevant offence-specific aggravating factors (apart from the degree
of exploitation) were: the offences were premeditated, the victim was
vulnerable by virtue of her low IQ, and the offences caused the victim to
experience suicidal ideation and difficulty sleeping (although this did not
rise to the level of severe harm). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PFS at para 18.

This placed the case in the middle of Band 2.

(b) The facts disclosed a moderately high degree of exploitation, as the age
difference between the accused and the victim was 47 years, and the accused
exercised considerable influence over the victim’s family financial situation.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PFS at para 19.

(c) The moderately high degree of exploitation warranted a sentence between
the middle and higher end of Band 2. Taking into account the accused’s plea of
guilt, a global sentence of 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment, with an enhanced
sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning, would be appropriate.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PFS at para 21.

Defence’s arguments

49 The Defence submitted that the accused should be sentenced to a global
imprisonment term of at most 15 years. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Mitigation Plea dated 8 September 2023 (“Mitigation Plea”) at para 9.

Defence counsel highlighted the following:

(a) The accused has been a responsible father and husband towards his wife and
family of three children, and it was a lapse in judgment that led him to
offend. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mitigation Plea at paras 5–8.

(b) He understands the gravity of his actions, makes no excuse for his
actions, and is remorseful and contrite. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Mitigation Plea at para 11.

(c) He had pleaded guilty at the earliest point possible once investigations
completed, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Mitigation Plea at para 12.

and has fully cooperated with those investigations. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mitigation Plea at para 14.

(d) He is a first-time offender. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mitigation Plea at para 13.

50 In its further submissions, on the issue of whether the existence of an
exploitative relationship would per se always constitute an aggravating factor
for the purpose of sentencing, the Defence submitted that it should not.
Because s 376A(2)(a) explicitly prescribed an enhanced punishment for a sexual
offence involving an exploitative relationship, this demonstrated that “the
Penal Code Review Committee… has taken into consideration the exploitative
relationship as an aggravating factor for the purposes of punishment”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defence Submissions on Sentence dated 3 October 2023 (“DSS”) at para 4.

The Defence argued that since the exploitative relationship formed an element
of the enhanced offence, to consider this factor as a further aggravating
factor during sentencing would be excessive 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DSS at para 5.

and would lead to double counting. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DSS at para 9.

The appropriate sentencing framework

51 I first address the question of the appropriate sentencing framework to be
applied.

52 The Prosecution has argued that the Pram Nair framework should apply to
offences under s 376A(1)(b) punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code.
This framework was affirmed in BPH v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2019] 2 SLR 764 (“BPH”) at [55] to cover all forms of sexual assault by
penetration under s 376 of the Penal Code. The framework has two steps.

53 In the first step, the court should identify which band the offence in
question falls under, having regard to offence-specific factors (factors which
relate to the manner and mode by which the offence was committed as well as
the harm caused to the victim). These offence-specific factors can be
transposed from the framework in Terence Ng, and include the following
(Terence Ng at [44]):

(a) group rape;

(b) abuse of position and breach of trust;

(c) premeditation;

(d) violence;

(e) rape of a vulnerable victim;

(f) forcible rape of a victim below 14;

(g) hate crime;

(h) severe harm to the victim; and

(i) deliberate infliction of special trauma.

54 The following sentencing bands should apply (Pram Nair at [159]):

(a) Band 1: seven to ten years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane;

(b) Band 2: ten to 15 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane;

(c) Band 3: 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

55 Band 1 comprises cases at the lower end of the spectrum of seriousness,
where there are no offence-specific factors or where the factors are only
present to a very limited extent. Where only one aggravating factor is
identified, the case in question will fall within the middle to the upper
range of Band 1 (Terence Ng at [50]). Band 2 comprises cases involving a
higher level of seriousness, which would usually feature two or more offence-
specific aggravating factors. Offences at the middle and upper reaches of Band
2 are generally those marked by serious violence, those which take place over
an extended period of time, and those which leave the victims with serious and
long-lasting physical or psychological injuries (Terence Ng at [53]). Band 3
involves cases which are extremely serious by reason of the number and
intensity of the aggravating factors, and often feature victims who are
particularly vulnerable and/or serious levels of violence attended with
perversities. At the apex of Band 3 lie cases which are among the most serious
instances of the offence in question, and where the offender manifests
“perverted or psychopathic tendencies or gross personality disorder, and where
he is likely, if at large, to remain a danger to women for an indefinite time”
(Terence Ng at [57], citing Regina v Billam [1986] 1 WLR 349 at [351E]).
Further, where the offences disclose the use of actual or threatened violence,
or where the offence is committed against a person under 14 years of age,
either of these two aggravating factors would place the offence within Band 2
(or even Band 3 if there are additional aggravating factors) (Pram Nair at
[160]).

56 The sentencing band defines the range of sentences which may usually be
imposed for a case with those offence-specific features. Once the sentencing
band has been identified, the court should determine precisely where within
the applicable range the offence at hand falls into, so as to derive an
“indicative starting point” which reflects the intrinsic seriousness of the
offending act. (Terence Ng at [39(a)]).

57 At the second step, the court should have regard to the aggravating and
mitigating factors which are personal to the offender, in order to calibrate
the appropriate sentence for that offender. These “offender-specific” factors
relate to the offender’s particular personal circumstances and, by definition,
cannot be the factors which have already been taken into account in the
categorisation of the offence. In exceptional circumstances, the court is
entitled to move outside of the prescribed range for that band if, in its
view, the case warrants such a departure (Terence Ng at [39(b)]).

Parties’ positions

58 The Prosecution cites two reasons why the Pram Nair sentencing framework
should apply. First, the sentencing ranges for offences under s 376(3) and s
376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code are identical, and the provisions target similar
legal interests with many common considerations in sentencing. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PSS at para 15.

Second, the Prosecution notes that the Pram Nair framework has since been
extended by both the Court of Appeal and the High Court to (a) offences
relating to sexual assault by penetration of a minor below the age of 14 and
the sexual penetration of a minor under ss 376(3) and 376A(3) of the Penal
Code (ABC at [43] and [46]), as well as (b) offences of penile-anal and oral
penetration of a minor below the age of 14 punishable under s 376A(3) of the
Penal Code (CJH v Public Prosecutor [2023] SGCA 19 (“CJH”)). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PSS at para 17.

59 The Defence makes no submission on the appropriate sentencing framework,
although it does not appear to object to the application of the Pram Nair
framework, in so far as it argues for the accused to be sentenced to the
“lowest imprisonment” of 15 years “in the Prosecution’s sentencing band”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Mitigation Plea at para 9.

My decision

60 I agree with the Prosecution that the Pram Nair framework should apply to
the present case, and to offences under s 376A(1)(b)–(d) punishable under s
376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code more generally.

61 In ABC, after surveying the relevant case law, Menon CJ found that the Pram
Nair framework should apply to all offences sentenced under s 376(3) and also
s 376A(3) of the Penal Code (as in force post-2019 amendments), with the
exception of penile-vaginal penetration which could be prosecuted under s
376A(1)(a) of the Penal Code (ABC at [46]). Menon CJ observed the following
(ABC at [47]):

(a) the sentencing ranges for both provisions were identical;

(b) there were common considerations to guide the sentencing judge; and

(c) prior to the 2019 amendments and beyond, the consent of a minor under the
age of 14 would be a neutral factor, although absence of consent would be an
aggravating factor.

62 Following from these observations, Menon CJ noted that it was clear that
Parliament equated the position of an adult victim who did not consent with
that of a minor under 14 who did consent. The Pram Nair framework, formulated
in the context of a non-consenting adult victim, would thus be applicable to
consenting minors under the age of 14, because Parliament equated both
offences in terms of gravity and because they had an identical sentencing
provision (ABC at [48]).

63 In the present case, I find that similar considerations apply to offences
under s 376A(1)(b)–(d) p/u s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code. The sentencing
range under s 376A(2)(a) is identical to that of s 376(3). The sentencing
judge will also be guided by common considerations since the offences are
similar in nature. This is supported by the legislative history of the
provision. The Penal Code Review Committee (“PCRC”) recommended that enhanced
punishment provisions for minors between 14 and 16 years of age, where the
minors have been exploited by the offender, should be “pegged to those of non-
consensual sexual activity with minors” (ie, offences under s 376(2)
punishable under s 376(3) of the Penal Code) (Penal Code Review Committee,
Report (August 2018) (“PCRC Report”) at p 114). This rationale was echoed by
the Minister for Home Affairs, Mr K Shanmugam, during the Second Reading of
the Criminal Law Reform Bill (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(6 May 2019, vol 94)):

For sexual exploitation offences by persons in relationships of trust with
minors who are below 16 years of age – we will enhance the existing penalties,
and we will peg them to those for non-consensual sexual penetration.

64 Given the similarities in the sentencing provisions, and the legislative
intention that offences punishable under s 376A(2)(a) be sentenced in a
similar manner to offences punishable under s 376(3), it will be appropriate
to apply the Pram Nair framework to offences under s 376A(1)(b)–(d) punishable
under s 376A(2)(a).

65 I decline to opine on whether the Pram Nair framework should be extended to
offences under s 376A(1)(a) punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code
(ie, penile-vaginal penetration by an accused’s penis). This is because the
actus reus of s 376A(1)(a) does not have any equivalent provision under s 376
of the Penal Code, unlike the acts falling under subsections (b) to (d). To
the extent that Parliament may be taken as equating the position of an adult
victim who did not consent with that of a minor between 14 and 16 who provided
factual consent within an exploitative relationship, there is no analogue
offence under s 376 to which offences under s 376A(1)(a) may be equated. It is
thus not clear whether the Pram Nair framework, set out in the context of s
376, should apply. In this regard, the Court of Appeal noted in Pram Nair at
[150]–[151] that (a) there was an intelligible difference between penile and
digital penetration of the vagina because penile penetration carries the risk
of unwanted pregnancy and of transmitting diseases, and is a more intimate act
than digital penetration, and (b) rape has generally been regarded as the
gravest of all the sexual offences. These views were re-affirmed in BPH at
[62], even as the Pram Nair framework was extended to situations where an
accused causes a male victim’s penis to penetrate a third and female person’s
vagina (BPH at [57(e)]). The present version of s 376 of the Penal Code, under
s 376(2)(b), would also now encompass situations where a female accused causes
a male victim’s penis to penetrate the accused’s vagina. It would seem that
the psychological and physical consequences of penile-vaginal penetration
outlined in Pram Nair above should apply equally to male victims who were non-
consensually forced to penetrate a female accused person’s vagina, with the
only distinguishing factor being the risk of pregnancy incurred by the victim.
Indeed, in the context of other penetrative sexual acts, courts have been
reluctant to draw bright lines of distinction between cases where the accused
is the “giver” of penile penetration and cases where the accuse is the
“receiver” (AQW v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 150 (“AQW”) at [41]). In any
event, whether a different sentencing framework, such as that in Terence Ng
(see for example ABC at [43]), should apply to offences under s 376A(1)(a)
punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code is an open question that I am
not required to answer in the present case.

The appropriate offence-specific factors under the Pram Nair framework

66 I now consider how the existence and nature of the exploitative
relationship in an offence punishable under s 376A(2)(a) should be accounted
for under the Pram Nair framework.

The existence of the exploitative relationship

67 I agree with the Prosecution and the Defence that the existence of the
exploitative relationship per se should not be an offence-specific aggravating
factor under the first step of the Pram Nair framework. As Menon CJ pointed
out in Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 (“Raveen
Balakrishnan”) at [84], a “clear situation in which double counting occurs is
when a factor that is an essential element of the charge is taken also as an
aggravating factor enhancing the sentence within the range of applicable
sentences for that charge” (see also Chang Kar Meng v Public Prosecutor [2017]
2 SLR 68 at [25]).

The nature of the exploitative relationship

68 To avoid double counting, it is necessary to identify the essential
normative considerations inherent in the elements of an exploitative
relationship which justify the imposition of the enhanced punishment in s
376A(2)(a). Only after having identified these considerations would it be
possible to assess the kinds of sentencing considerations involving departures
from the “baseline” or paradigmatic case which would not constitute instances
of double counting (Public Prosecutor v GED and other appeals [2023] 3 SLR
1221 at [71]). Put another way, only after assessing why there is an enhanced
sentencing range under s 376A(2)(a) can one identify whether the sentencing
factors underlying that enhancement have been given their due weight in the
sentencing analysis and nothing more (Raveen Balakrishnan at [91]).

69 I find it helpful to consider the following questions:

(a) First, what are the normative sentencing considerations for offences
punishable under s 376A(2)(b)?

(b) Second, what are the normative sentencing considerations behind the
enhanced sentencing range under s 376A(2)(a)?

(c) Third, given the considerations identified at (a) and (b), what
adjustments, if any, need to be made to the application of the Pram Nair
sentencing framework for offences under s 376A(1)(b)–(d) p/u s 376A(2)(a)?

The normative sentencing considerations for offences punishable under s
376A(2)(b) of the Penal Code

70 Offences under s 376A of the Penal Code are, by virtue of the operation of
s 376A(1A), confined to acts of sexual penetration of minors below 16 years of
age which are not non-consensual in nature. The criminalisation of such
offences rests on the notion that minors below 16 are vulnerable to such a
degree that they are taken to be incapable of consenting (Public Prosecutor v
Ong Jack Hong [2016] 5 SLR 166 at [8]).

71 A more extensive treatment on the harm underlying consensual sexual
activity by minors is found in the case of Public Prosecutor v AOM [2011] 2
SLR 1057 (“AOM”). AOM considered, among other issues, the question of whether
consent could be regarded as a mitigating factor for statutory rape. The
relevant portion of AOM at [34] is as follows:

34 In my view, the considerations stated above with regard to the offence of
statutory rape under s 376(1) or carnal intercourse against the order of
nature under s 377 of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed) are applicable with equal
force to the determination of sentences for the offence of statutory rape
punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed); and for the
offences of sexual penetration of a minor under 16 punishable under s 376A of
the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed). The underlying rationale behind these provisions
is to protect young and vulnerable girls from being sexually exploited.
Indeed, as a matter of societal morality and legislative policy, girls below
16 years of age are, due to their inexperience and presumed lack of sexual and
emotional maturity, considered to be vulnerable and susceptible to coercion
and hence incapable of giving informed consent. This is epitomised by the fact
that the offences of statutory rape and sexual penetration of a minor are
strict liability offences as far as consent is concerned. This was also
alluded to by the Court of Appeal in PP v UI ([15] supra) where it was
commented that (at [60]) the “law imputes an inability to consent to the
sexual acts committed against [the victim] as she is a minor”. It would
therefore be contrary to such considerations for the court to treat consent as
a relevant mitigating factor for such offences.

[emphasis in original]

72 Steven Chong J in AOM also cited Annis bin Abdullah v PP [2004] 2 SLR(R) 93
(“Annis”), where the court had explained why consent was irrelevant for the
purposes of sentencing under s 377 of the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed) for the
offence of carnal intercourse against the order of nature. The portion in
Annis at [50] reproduced in AOM is as follows:

50 In my view, as a general guide, ‘young victims’ should be those under 16
years of age. This would be consonant with the protection of young women under
s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter which was enacted on the basis that girls
under the age of 16 are deemed to be incapable of giving valid consent to a
sexual act. I was of the view that this principle should be extended to s 377
offences, such that in cases where the victim is under the age of 16 years,
his or her consent is irrelevant for the purposes of sentencing. The
underlying principle in this regard is that young girls under the age of 16
may not have the experience or the maturity to make decisions in their own
best interests about their own sexuality and that the law must step in to
prevent their exposure to sexual activity regardless of their purported
consent.

[emphasis added in italics]

73 AOM continues to be cited as the locus classicus which set out the
normative basis for the offences of statutory rape and sexual penetration of a
minor under 16. The PCRC Report, for example, quotes AOM as saying that for
such offences, as a matter of social morality and legislative policy, girls
below 16 years of age are, due to their inexperience and presumed lack of
sexual and emotional maturity, considered to be vulnerable and susceptible to
coercion and hence incapable of giving informed consent (PCRC Report at pp
97–98).

74 To the explanation set out in AOM, it may be added that subsequent
revisions to the Penal Code have increasingly recognised that boys and girls
alike can be the subject of sexual offences. Vulnerability to sexual
exploitation is not the exclusive province of young girls. The PCRC Report,
for example, notes that recent legislative reforms to update sexual offences
with gender neutral language are to ensure that legislation covers
circumstances where offences are committed against males and females, to
reflect changing societal norms and views on the roles of men and women (PCRC
Report at p 328).

75 It is also helpful to understand not just the underlying rationale behind s
376A, but also to articulate the wrongfulness of sexual offences against
minors under s 376A. This helps guide our consideration of the sentencing
process.

76 A review of the existing jurisprudence shows that there are four main
interests of minors which s 376A of the Penal Code is intended to protect.

77 First, s 376A is meant to protect the bodily and sexual integrity of
minors. Sexual offences, and penetrative sexual offences in particular,
represent a grave intrusion into the sexual integrity of minors (Public
Prosecutor v Tan Meng Soon Bernard [2019] 3 SLR 1146 (“Bernard Tan”) at [30];
Wong Tian Jun De Beers v Public Prosecutor [2022] 4 SLR 805 at [39]; Public
Prosecutor v ASR [2019] 3 SLR 709 at [106]). The adoption of the language of
sexual integrity should be welcomed as it enables a better articulation of the
nature of rights and interests violated by sexual offences. Remarking on
similar developments in the Canadian context, the Supreme Court of Canada in R
v Friesen [2020] 1 SCR 424 (“Friesen”) at [55] noted:

55 These developments are connected to a larger shift, as society has come to
understand that the focus of the sexual offences scheme is not on sexual
propriety but rather on wrongful interference with sexual integrity. As
Professor Elaine Craig notes, "This shift from focusing on sexual propriety to
sexual integrity enables greater emphasis on violations of trust, humiliation,
objectification, exploitation, shame, and loss of self-esteem rather than
simply, or only, on deprivations of honour, chastity, or bodily integrity (as
was more the case when the law's concern had a greater focus on sexual
propriety)" (Troubling Sex: Towards a Legal Theory of Sexual Integrity (2012),
at p. 68).

78 Connected with the language of sexual integrity is the identification of
sexual autonomy and its violation as a cornerstone of wrongdoing for sexual
offences (Pram Nair at [150(b)]; Bernard Tan at [30]; Terence Ng at [44(h)]).
In my view, notwithstanding minors’ inability to legally consent, the language
of autonomy remains relevant in articulating the nature of minors’ interests
which need to be protected. However, in the context of minors, personal
autonomy should be understood as referring to a minor’s right to grow to
adulthood free from sexual interference and exploitation from adults (Friesen
at [52]).

79 The second main interest which s 376A of the Penal Code is meant to protect
relates to the physical and psychological harm which could be caused to minors
as a result of penetrative sexual activity. As our courts have reiterated time
and again, the physical, emotional, and psychological scars inflicted on
victims of serious sexual offences are irretrievable and severe (Public
Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“NF”) at [47]; Chia Kim Heng Frederick v
PP [1992] 1 SLR(R) 63 at [9]). Minors are particularly vulnerable to such
harms. As noted by Michelle Oberman in “Regulating Consensual Sex with Minors:
Defining a Role for Statutory Rape” (2000) 48 Buffalo Law Review 703
(“Regulating Consensual Sex”) at p 710:

As teenagers navigate the transition from childhood to adulthood, they learn
by experimentation by mistake, and by observation. Because of their
inexperience, they are necessarily prone to misjudgment. Nowhere is this
tendency toward misjudgment more pernicious than in the area of sexuality, in
which adolescents’ age-appropriate naivete renders them uniquely susceptible
to coercion and abuse. The law of statutory rape reflects an attempt to
protect teenagers from themselves, as well as from those who would prey upon
their vulnerability.

80 The scars of exploitative sexual interference are even more painful when
inflicted on minors, who must bear the burden of these traumatic experiences
through crucial stages of identity formation and maturation into adulthood.

81 The third normative sentencing consideration underlying s 376A of the Penal
Code is the recognition of the wrongfulness behind the sexual exploitation of
minors, in the narrow sense of treating them as objects for sexual
gratification. Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik [2008]
1 SLR(R) 601 cites Kate Warner in “Sentencing in cases of marital rape:
towards changing the male imagination” (2000) 20 Legal Studies 59, where she
observed (at 601) as follows:

It could be added that the wrong of rape lies in the fact that an act that is
valued because it expresses connection and intimacy is abused to express power
and domination, to objectify, humiliate and degrade.

82 In the context of sexual offending against minors, conduct that treats
minors as sexual objects to be exploited for an accused’s personal
gratification invites considerations of deterrence and retribution in
sentencing (AQW at [15]). In GCM v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2021]
4 SLR 1086, Aedit Abdullah J noted at [58] that seeking to exploit the known
vulnerabilities of a young child was an especially reprehensible and
calculated manner of behaviour which engaged considerations of deterrence.
This consideration is why we speak of “predatory sex” when accused persons
choose victims who are younger, less certain of themselves, and less likely to
be sexually experienced (Regulating Consensual Sex at p 721), because such
intentional behaviour generally leads to a stronger inference that young
persons are being used as objects to be exploited for the end of an accused’s
own gratification.

83 Fourth, although not applicable per se to s 376A of the Penal Code, it is
important to recognise that minors are autonomous and volitional human beings
who retain the capacity to exercise their volition, even if they are not quite
yet deemed capable of giving legal consent to sexual activity. Where sexual
activity is forced on minors despite their lack of consent, this is an act of
violence against their autonomous will that constitutes an additional wrong
over and above the harm to their sexual integrity. This explains why even
though minors cannot legally consent, the lack of factual consent of a minor
would constitute an additional aggravating factor in sentencing. As noted by
Andrew Ashworth in Principles of Criminal Law (Oxford University Press, 3rd
Ed, 1999) at p 349, cited in NF at [46]:

[S]exuality has a certain uniqueness which is absent from much property:
sexuality is an intrinsic part of one’s personality, it is one mode of
expressing that personality in relation to others, and it is therefore
fundamental that one should be able to choose whether to express oneself in
this way – and, if so, towards and with whom. The essence of such self-
expression is that it should be voluntary, both in the giving and in the
receiving.

The normative sentencing considerations for the enhanced sentencing range
under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code

84 On the face of the wording of s 376A(2)(a), it is clear that the enhanced
sentencing range in the provision is predicated on the existence of an
exploitative relationship.

85 However, the plain wording of the terminology of “an exploitative
relationship” does not in itself give much information as to why sexual acts
with minors between 14 and 16 years old in an exploitative relationship should
attract harsher sentences on account of there being such a relationship. The
word “exploit” is defined in the Shorter Oxford English Dictionary (Oxford
University Press, 6th Ed 2007) as inter alia, to “utilize for one’s own ends”
or to “take advantage of”. On this expansive definition, one might say that
people exploit each other all the time – friendships might be forged for
ulterior motives, or workplace relationships taken advantage of for career
advancement. To add that an exploitative relationship is one in which one
party takes advantage of “some vulnerability of the other party” (John
Lawrence Hill, “Exploitation”, (1993-1994) 79 Cornell L. Rev. 631
(“Exploitation”) at p 679) does not appear to bring about better clarity: the
terminology remains amorphous. For the purposes of understanding s 376A(2)(a),
a clearer definition of the term is necessary.

86 In my view a consideration of the legislative intention behind the enhanced
sentencing regime under s 376A(2)(a) lends some clarity to this issue. As
noted by the PCRC, the exploitation of minors occurs even in the context of
consensual sexual activity because the quality of the minor’s consent “may
well have been compromised due to exploitation or manipulation by the
offender” (PCRC Report at p 111). This reasoning was affirmed in Parliament
during the Second Reading of the Criminal Law Reform Bill which introduced the
provision. It is helpful to set out the relevant remarks here (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (6 May 2019, vol 94) (Mr K Shanmugam,
Minister for Home Affairs)):

So, the new offences, under the rubric of "exploitative sexual activity with
minors" will deal with sexual predators who exploit young people.

The age of consent for sexual activity is 16 years old, but there are
situations where slightly older minors, those between 16 and 18 years old, may
be exploited for sexual gratification by persons who are in relationships of
trust with the minor.

In such cases, the young person's consent, and we are talking about 16 to 18
years; that young person's consent, is, in my view, compromised.

…

For sexual exploitation offences by persons in relationships of trust with
minors who are below 16 years of age – we will enhance the existing penalties,
and we will peg them to those for non-consensual sexual penetration.

…

First, in considering whether the accused is in a relationship that is
exploitative of the victim, the Court will be required to consider the age of
the minor – the younger the person (the victim), the more susceptible to
influence he or she will be.

Second, the difference in age between the accused and the minor. A large age
difference may result in the victim viewing the accused as an authority
figure, allowing the accused to exert significant influence over the victim.

Third, the nature of the relationship. If the accused initiates sexual
communication or activity, it is likely that the intention of the accused,
particularly if it is done very early in the relationship, was to make use of
the power imbalance in the relationship to exploit the victim for his sexual
gratification.

Fourth, the degree of control or influence exercised by the accused over the
minor. The greater the influence by the accused over the minor, the more the
minor's will may be considered to be compromised.

The use of violence or coercion by the accused will be considered to be
amongst the indicators of control or domination over the victim.

So, in short, a key factor in determining "exploitation" is the presence of a
power imbalance between the accused person and the minor.

87 These remarks make reference to multiple normative considerations behind
the wrongfulness of exploitation, including the fact that the young person’s
will or consent is compromised, and the exploitation of the victim for sexual
gratification. The central theme of these remarks would appear to be the
effect that exploitation has on the quality of consent given by a minor. The
effect on the minor’s consent is the common explanatory denominator behind
factors such as the minor’s susceptibility to influence (correlating with
age), the degree of influence the accused exercises over a minor, and the
presence of a power imbalance between the accused and minor.

88 That the compromising of the minor’s consent is the central wrong targeted
by the enhanced sentence in s 376A(2)(a) is reinforced by the sentencing range
stated in the provision. As noted above at [63], the express reason for
stipulating an imprisonment term of up to 20 years was to bring the sentence
in s 376A(2)(a) in line with the sentence stipulated for non-consensual sexual
activity with minors. As the PCRC observed in its Report, because a minor’s
consent to sexual activity “may well have been compromised”, the sentence
range for offences involving an exploitative relationship ought to be pegged
to offences where no consent was in fact given by the minor (PCRC Report at pp
111 and 114).

89 To this, I would add that based on the Parliamentary remarks reproduced
above, the reason why a minor’s consent is compromised in an exploitative
relationship is because there is a power imbalance inherent in such
relationships which allows the accused to exert control or influence over the
minor.

90 It is apposite at this juncture to clarify a point of terminology. In the
paragraphs which follow, I refer to “exploitation” in the context of
exploitative relationships as defined in s 377CA of the Penal Code.
Exploitation in this sense relates to the manner in which a minor’s consent to
sexual activity within a relationship is compromised, through the control or
influence of the accused operating within an asymmetric power dynamic, such
that an accused person can use the minor as a means to obtain sexual
gratification. This is different from the sense in which the word
“exploitation” is used in AQW at [13] and [19]–[21], where Menon CJ used the
phrase to refer to the extent to which the accused interferes with and
violates the minor’s rights. In the latter instance, the term is used in a
more general sense encompassing inter alia the degree of invasion of bodily
integrity and privacy. In contrast, for the purposes of the present case, it
is analytically neater to adopt a narrower view of the term. In the context of
sentencing offences punishable under s 376A(2)(a), using the more general
sense of the word may obfuscate the distinction between offence-specific
factors stemming from the exploitative relationship, and other factors such as
the harm to the victim’s bodily integrity or the use of violence or threats of
violence (contra AQW at [21]).

The Prosecution’s approach

91 With the above in mind, I now explain why I choose not to adopt the
Prosecution’s suggested implementation of the Pram Nair framework outlined at
[45]–[48] above.

92 First, in so far as the sentencing range in s 376A(2)(a) already treats the
compromised consent of the minor as being akin to a situation where no factual
consent was given, I am unconvinced of the merits of introducing an additional
aggravating factor of the “degree of exploitation” which would introduce a
sliding scale of the extent to which a minor’s consent is compromised. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PFS at para 7.

Once a relationship is deemed as exploitative under s 377CA of the Penal Code,
the legislative intention is that the sentencing range for non-consensual
sexual activity ought to apply. To introduce more granular distinctions as to
whether the minor’s consent was compromised to a “low” or “high” degree beyond
this threshold would introduce unnecessary complication to the sentencing
process.

93 To the extent that the Prosecution seeks for the “degree of exploitation”
to reflect the degree to which an accused exercised control or influence over
the minor, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PFS at para 8.

this may be adequately reflected through other offence-specific factors such
as the duration of offending. Leaving aside these factors, it is unclear
whether the extent of control per se should be an independent aggravating
factor. Consider the following two scenarios:

Void Deck I: A is 40 years old and loiters around the void deck of A’s block
looking for a teenager to befriend. A eventually forms a friendship with B, a
15 year old. A is an interesting and charismatic individual and a smooth
talker. B is taken with A’s charisma, views A with a degree of “hero worship”
and is flattered by his attention. A and B communicate frequently and
enthusiastically over various messaging platforms. Over the next four months,
A convinces B to enter a sexual relationship. B readily goes to A’s house
every time A asks him to come over for sex.

Void Deck II: A is 40 years old and loiters around the void deck of A’s block
looking for a teenager to befriend. A eventually forms a friendship with B, a
15 year old. A is not a particularly interesting individual, and B is not
particularly taken with A, but out of boredom and apathy, B responds to A’s
text messages – albeit sporadically. Over the next four months, A convinces B
to enter a sexual relationship. B agrees chiefly out of boredom and only
responds to some of A’s invitations to come over to the latter’s house for
sex.

94 Ceteris paribus, (i.e., in both cases A sustains a relationship with B for
the same length of time, takes identical steps to plan their meetings, does
not engage in deception or coercion, initiates sexual activity with identical
frequency, etc.), there does not appear to be any good reason why the extent
of control exercised by the accused in Void Deck I should form the basis for
an additional aggravating factor compared to Void Deck II. In both cases,
there was apparent factual consent procured from the minor. Assuming that both
scenarios disclose sufficient evidence of an exploitative relationship for the
purposes of s 377CA, and the minor’s consent is deemed compromised, it is
unclear why the extent of control exercised by the accused beyond this would
in itself be of further relevance. Of course, if the charisma and smooth-
talking charm of the accused in Void Deck I allowed A to offend with greater
frequency or to exploit multiple victims, these consequences might amount to a
separate aggravating factor compared to Void Deck II. If the accused’s text
messages to the minor victim in Void Deck I involved initiating conversations
of a sexual nature or sending lewd photographs to the minor, such behaviour
might also indicate premeditation and persistence and thereby give rise to
separate aggravating factors (Yap Lee Kok v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGHC 78
(“Yap Lee Kok”) at [11]–[15]) compared to Void Deck II. If A’s control over
the minor in Void Deck I enabled A to persuade the minor to refrain from
reporting their sexual activity to the authorities, that would amount to a
deliberate step to conceal offending which would in turn give rise to a
separate aggravating factor (Muhammad Alif bin Ab Rahim v Public Prosecutor
[2021] SGCA 106 (“Muhammad Alif”) at [39]). If A was able to exercise more
control over B because B placed trust in A by virtue of A’s office of
employment or because A was in a position of responsibility over B, the breach
of such trust or the abuse of such position would also constitute a distinct
aggravating factor. If the nature of A’s relationship with B in Void Deck I
led to greater psychological trauma being suffered by B than in Void Deck II,
this would be taken into account in sentencing through the separate
aggravating factor of serious harm caused to the victim. These situations
aside, it is difficult to see how the extent of control exercised by the
accused per se should be treated as an independent aggravating factor.

95 Second, it seems anomalous to characterise the “degree of exploitation” as
a sui generis aggravating factor which, despite being offence-specific, would
not constitute an offence-specific factor for the purpose of determining which
sentencing band to apply – while at the same time allowing it to affect where
within the sentencing band the offence should fall. No legal precedent was
offered for this suggested approach.

96 Third, I was not convinced by the Prosecution’s attempt to equate their
approach with the sentencing framework in BDB for offences of voluntarily
causing grievous hurt. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PFS at para 11.

The rationale for the approach in BDB is that the extent of the hurt or injury
caused is a “primary indicator of the seriousness of the offence [of causing
grievous hurt] in determining the appropriate sentence” for such offences (BDB
at [42]). Conversely, as the Court of Appeal pointed out in Terence Ng, the
offence of rape can take place in a wide variety of different circumstances,
and it is difficult to identify any set of “principal factual elements” which
can affect the seriousness” for offences of rape (Terence Ng at [34]). The
same is true for offences under s 376A of the Penal Code.

97 Fourth, I disagree with the Prosecution’s argument that “abuse of position
and breach of trust” should be disregarded as an aggravating factor for
offences under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code, because “every exploitative
relationship would, by its nature, involve an abuse of position and breach of
trust”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PFS at para 14.

The definition of the aggravating factor of abuse of position and/or breach of
trust was defined in Terence Ng at [44(b)] as follows:

(b) Abuse of position and breach of trust: This concerns cases where the
offender is in a position of responsibility towards the victim (eg, parents
and their children, medical practitioners and patients, teachers and their
pupils), or where the offender is a person in whom the victim has placed her
trust by virtue of his office of employment (eg, a policeman or social
worker). When such an offender commits rape, there is a dual wrong: not only
has he committed a serious crime, he has also violated the trust placed in him
by society and by the victim.

[italics in original]

98 This definition of abuse of trust was reiterated by the Court of Appeal in
its recent decision in Mustapah bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2023] SGCA
30 (“Mustapah”). On the facts of Mustapah, the appellant and three victims
(aged 16 to 17 years old) resided in the same neighbourhood. The victims were
students enrolled in institutes of technical education. The three victims
often met at a hut in their neighbourhood together with a fourth 15 year old
victim. Around 2017, the fourth victim introduced the appellant to the other
victims, and they began to meet the victims in the hut. At these meetings, the
appellant would drink beer and smoke cigarettes. Whenever they met up, the
appellant was friendly with the victims. He would often tell them about his
past experiences and give them his views on various topics. The victims
alleged that the appellant also revealed his past as an ex-convict and a gang
member as well as his involvement in rioting with a large group of people. The
victims viewed the appellant with respect and saw him as a close friend. They
even thought of him as a “big brother”. Some of the victims were also members
of a gang, and sometime prior to 17 October 2018 they asked the appellant for
help when they wanted to leave the gang. The appellant testified that he had
helped them leave the gang by negotiating with the headman of the gang. The
appellant claimed trial to three charges of sexual assault by oral-penile
penetration involving the first three victims under s 376(1)(a) of the Penal
Code. He was convicted on these charges. On appeal, the appellant’s conviction
was upheld. In relation to sentencing, the Court of Appeal held that there was
no offence-specific aggravating factor of abuse of trust and authority present
on the facts:

122 Whilst the Victims thought of the appellant as a “big brother” and sought
his assistance in order to leave their gang, that did not mean that the
appellant was necessarily in a position of responsibility in relation to the
Victims. It was clear that the Victims respected the appellant, seeing him as
an experienced adult who could help them leave the gang. But the relationship
between the appellant and the Victims was different from that found in the
familial context where a clear hierarchy exists between family members. Nor
can it be said that the appellant was standing in a quasi-parental position to
the Victims (see, eg, BPH v PP at [67] at [92]). The Victims and the appellant
shared a close friendship prior to the SAP offences but none of them had any
responsibility towards the others. Hence, the offence-specific aggravating
factor of abuse of trust and authority was not present in this case.

99 Following from the reasoning in Terence Ng, and in Mustapah, it is clear
that there can be a wide range of circumstances in which an exploitative
relationship may not involve (a) the accused being in a position of
responsibility towards the victim (eg, parents and their children, medical
practitioners and their patients, teachers and their pupils), or (b) the
accused being a person in whom the victim has placed her trust by virtue of
his office of employment (eg, a policeman or social worker). For example,
where a 55-year-old accused person befriends a minor online and engages in
online conversation regularly, exchanges nude photographs with the minor, and
eventually meets up with the minor to engage in sexual activity (as in Yap Lee
Kok), this may possibly amount to an exploitative relationship between the
accused and minor, but there would not be any abuse of trust and authority in
the Terence Ng sense. Even though almost every exploitative relationship would
involve the minor placing some degree of trust in the accused, to satisfy the
Terence Ng definition of abuse of trust, this trust must have been placed by
virtue of the accused’s office of employment. For this reason, I would
consider the abuse of a position of trust (in the Terence Ng sense) to be a
separate aggravating factor under the Pram Nair framework, for the purpose of
applying the framework to offences under s 376A(1)(b)–(d) punishable under s
376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code.

My decision

100 I next outline my approach to the sentencing of offences under s
376A(1)(b)–(d) punishable under s 376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code.

Adaptation of the Pram Nair framework

101 I am of the view that in applying the Pram Nair framework, two caveats
apply.

102 First, contrary to the Prosecution’s proposed implementation, the degree
of exploitation would not constitute an offence-specific aggravating factor
for the purposes of sentencing. The same offence-specific aggravating factors
recognised in Terence Ng, as well as those recognised in subsequent caselaw,
would apply where relevant. These include:

(a) Abuse of position and breach of trust (Terence Ng at [44(b)]);

(b) Premeditation (Terence Ng at [44(c)]);

(c) Violence, actual or threatened (Terence Ng at [44(d)]);

(d) Offences being committed against a vulnerable victim (Terence Ng at
[44(e)]);

(e) Severe harm to the victim (Terence Ng at [44(h)]);

(f) Deliberate infliction of special trauma (Terence Ng at [44(i)]);

(g) Exhibition of significant opportunism (Muhammad Alif at [39])

(h) Taking deliberate steps to conceal offending (Muhammad Alif at [39]); and

(i) Recording sexual acts on a mobile phone (Isham bin Kayubi v Public
Prosecutor [2020] SGCA 42 at [21]).

103 As to the aggravating factor of abuse of position and breach of trust,
this should only apply in situations where the Terence Ng definition of this
aggravating factor (at [44(b)] of Terence Ng) is satisfied (see the remarks at
[97]–[98] above).

104 Second, I would add to the above list an additional offence-specific
factor: the use of coercion or deception to (a) obtain physical access to the
minor for the purpose of engaging in sexual activity, or (b) to procure
factual consent from the minor to sexual activity. Earlier, at [90], I
explained that “exploitation” for the purposes of the present case refers to
“the manner in which a minor’s consent to sexual activity within a
relationship is compromised, through the control or influence of the accused
operating within an asymmetric power dynamic, such that an accused person can
use the minor as a means to obtain sexual gratification”. I next explain why
exploitation, so defined, is conceptually distinct from the use of coercion or
deception, before going on to illustrate how application of this additional
offence-specific aggravating factor would work.

105 John Lawrence Hill in Exploitation at p 660 outlines the difference
between exploitation on one hand, and coercion or duress on the other:

Exploitation is distinguished from coercion or duress in that coercion
inevitably occurs in the context of a threat which serves to reduce the number
of available options open to the actor. Exploitation, however,
characteristically involves a situation in which the actor is presented with
an offer that represents an additional alternative to the choices previously
available. Exploitation, then, is distinct from the traditional notion of
compulsion in two respects. First, the decision to pursue the proffered choice
is precisely that - a decision made by the actor. Because it is a decision and
not a compelled act, the choice springs from internal motives and is not
imposed by forces outside the agent. Second, an offer that creates an
additional alternative can never render an action less free or voluntary than
the action which would otherwise have been performed. That is, providing an
additional choice is per se liberating, not compelling.

[italics in original]

106 Joel Feinberg, in Harmless Wrongdoing at pp 177–178, similarly notes that
the concepts of exploitation and coercion are “quite distinct in sense” even
though they have a large overlap in application. He states:

If we define exploitation in terms of A’s profit through his relations to B,
then not all exploitation involves coercive mechanisms. In fact there are four
possibilities:

1\. A’s act can be exploitative and coercive, as when his proposal effectively
forces B to act in a way that benefits A.

2\. A’s act can be exploitative and noncoercive, as when he takes advantage of
B’s traits or circumstances to make a profit for himself either with B’s
consent or without the mediation of B’s choice at all.

3\. (More dubious) A’s act might be nonexploitative but coercive. Perhaps an
example would be when A, a policeman, calls out to the murderer in hiding, B,
to come out with his hands up or face lethal fire. This is a proper and
justified use of coercion, but only minimally exploitative, that is a “taking
advantage,” in this case, of B’s vulnerability. It shares in common with all
exploitation a kind of opportunism, but it is not an exploitation of a person
or in any way blameable.

4\. A’s act can be both nonexploitative and noncoercive, as in an ordinary
commercial exchange from which both vendor and purchase expect to gain (but
not at one another’s expense).

107 In the context of offences under s 376A of the Penal Code, even though
coercion and deception affect the quality of the minor’s concept, they do so
by operating in qualitatively distinct ways from exploitation. I first
consider coercion. Where a minor’s decision is motivated by a threat from the
accused to withhold something from the minor or to cause an undesirable
outcome to the minor, the presence of that threat would constitute an
independently objectionable means of vitiating the minor’s consent.
Importantly, the wrongfulness of the threat, although functioning within an
exploitative power dynamic, is not intrinsic to that dynamic. It involves an
additional step by the accused to make a threat to do or omit to do something,
in order to coerce the will of the minor. Consider the following situations:

Teacher I: A is a 50 year old religious teacher of B, who is 15 years old. A
gives religious guidance to B, who often seeks advice from A on sensitive
situations. A asks B to engage in a sexual act together. B agrees.

Teacher II: A is a 50 year old religious teacher of B, who is 15 years old. A
gives religious guidance to B, who often seeks advice from A on sensitive
situations. A asks B to engage in a sexual act together, saying that if B does
not do this, A will not perform a religious ritual which will bring B
spiritual blessings. A knows that B greatly desires spiritual blessings and
will agree to A’s proposal because of B’s fear of losing these spiritual
blessings. B agrees.

108 In both Teacher I and Teacher II, the consent of B may be compromised by
virtue of the exploitative relationship between A and B. However, even though
B’s consent may already be vitiated in either scenario, there is an added
element of wrongdoing in Teacher II because A engages in the additional act of
intentionally threatening to omit to perform the religious ritual, intending
to coerce B by this threat. This adds a further dimension through which A
treats B as an object to be manipulated – through coercion – in order to
achieve A’s ends. Thus understood, the use of coercion involves a separate act
of wrongdoing not inherent in an exploitative relationship, and should rightly
be considered an independent offence-specific aggravating factor.

109 Coercion may also be engaged in by accused persons outside of positions of
responsibility or positions where victims would repose trust in them by virtue
of their office of employment. Consider the following scenario:

Void Deck III: A is 40 years old and loiters around the void deck of A’s block
looking for a teenager to befriend. A eventually forms a friendship with B, a
15 year old. A is an interesting and charismatic individual and a smooth
talker. B is taken with A’s charisma, views A with a degree of “hero worship”
and is flattered by A’s attention. A and B communicate frequently and
enthusiastically over various messaging platforms. After four months, A
invites B to come to A’s house for sex. B accepts the invitation and goes
along to A’s house but gets cold feet about engaging in sexual activity. A,
knowing B is scared of B’s strict parents, threatens to tell B’s parents that
B went to A’s house after accepting an invitation to have sex at A’s house.
Frightened, B agrees to have sex with A.

110 Importantly, the use of coercion by A in Void Deck III would not be
captured under the aggravating factor of abuse of position of trust in Terence
Ng. A does not occupy a position of responsibility in relation to B, nor does
B place trust in A by virtue of an office of employment. This is quite
understandable since coercion, founded on abuse of a position of power,
targets a different aspect of wrongdoing compared to abuse of a position of
trust. There is thus a need for a separate aggravating factor to take in
account situations where coercion is present.

111 The same analysis applies to deception, which involves the separate wrong
of making dishonest representations to the minor. Not every exploitative
relationship will necessarily involve deceptions, and so it cannot be said to
be an essential element of the aggravated offence. Thus, where the accused
lies to the minor in order to gain physical access for sexual activity, or
where the accused lies in order to procure the minor’s consent to sexual
activity, this should constitute an additional offence-specific aggravating
factor. Take for example the following situations, in which Drink II involves
an additional wrongful element of deception compared to Drink I.

Drink I: A is 45 years old and is the teacher of 15 year old B. A invites B to
A’s house. A offers an alcoholic drink to B, knowing that B admires A and will
accept the offer. B accepts the drink. A later engages in sexual activity with
a tipsy B.

Drink II: A is 45 years old and is the teacher of 15 year old B. A invites B
to A’s house. A offers an alcoholic drink to B, knowing that B admires A and
will accept the offer. To eliminate any reservations on that B’s part, A also
lies to B by telling B that the drink does not contain any alcohol. B accepts
the drink. A later engages in sexual activity with a tipsy B.

112 The use of coercion or deception may also constitute an aggravating factor
where it is perpetrated against third parties, if this was for the purpose of
obtaining physical access to the minor or for the purpose of procuring the
minor’s factual consent to sexual activity.

113 I add that the use of coercion or deception is conceptually distinct from,
and is not intrinsic to, abuse of position and breach of trust in the Terence
Ng sense. Not every accused in a position of responsibility or trust breaches
that responsibility or trust through coercion or deception. In both Teacher I
and Teacher II, for example, the religious teacher might be said to abuse a
position of responsibility over the minor – but Teacher II may nevertheless be
said to be a more serious case than Teacher I by reason of the presence of
coercion of the minor. That being said, in explaining the factors which
determine the degree of abuse of trust in a particular case, we may find that
these overlap with the factor of coercion or deception: for example, the
religious teacher in Teacher II may be said to have committed a particularly
egregious abuse of trust because of the coercive threat made in the capacity
of a religious teacher. In this regard, care should be taken to avoid double-
counting.

Application of the Pram Nair framework to the present case

114 In applying the Pram Nair framework in the present case, I first address
the appropriate offence-specific aggravating factors to be taken into account.

The victim was vulnerable

115 I agree with the Prosecution that the victim was vulnerable by virtue of
her intellectual disability. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PSS at para 25.

I also note that the accused specifically targeted the victim knowing of this
vulnerability, having noticed that the victim was a slower learner than her
sister. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SOF at para 6.

Concerns of general deterrence would thus weigh heavily in favour of the
imposition of a more severe sentence to deter would-be offenders from preying
on such victims (Terence Ng at [44(e)], citing Public Prosecutor v Law Aik
Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [24(b)]).

There was premeditation

116 I also agree with the Prosecution that there is evidence of premeditation
of the accused’s offences. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PSS at para 26.

The accused took steps to obstruct the view of the CCTV camera in his office
during his offending. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SOF at para 11.

He also took steps towards the isolation of the victim by arranging to bring
her out and subsequently bringing her alone to his office (Terence Ng at
[44(c)]). Having successfully obtained physical access to the victim, he even
took steps to allay any potential suspicions or concerns on the Grandaunt’s
part by sending the Grandaunt photographs of the victim engaged in innocuous
activities such as helping to put up posters.

117 In my view, the weight given to this factor should be increased because it
was enabled by the accused’s institutional position within the RN, which gave
him an excuse to ask the Grandaunt for permission to bring the victim out to
assist him with volunteer work. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SOF at para 21.

In other words, the accused’s position within the RN facilitated his gaining
physical access to the victim and separating her from her guardian, for the
purpose of committing the various sexual offences.

118 I note that in the mitigation plea presented on his behalf, the accused
has tried to downplay the reprehensible nature of his offences by
characterising them as a “lapse in judgment”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Mitigation Plea at para 8.

Insofar as this appears to be an attempt to portray the accused’s offending
conduct as being mere foolhardiness or thoughtlessness, I should stress that
his specific targeting of a vulnerable victim and the evidence of
premeditation militate against any such characterisation. This was not an
instance of some error of judgment: this was a case of deliberate and cynical
offending.

There was severe harm to the victim and her family

119 The Prosecution submits that although the harm suffered by the victim does
not rise to the level of severe harm, the offences caused the victim to
experience suicidal ideation and difficulty sleeping. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PFS at para 18.

I disagree with this position. In my view, having regard to the harm suffered
directly by the victim, the harm to the victim’s relationship with her family
and community, and the harm suffered by the victim’s family, the level of harm
does in fact rise to the level of severe harm. I elaborate.

120 Foremost in the consideration of the harm suffered by the victim is her
undisputed account of her experience, as set out in the Victim Impact
Statement. It is worth reproducing this account in full:

When the RC people came to my house to talk to me and asked me what [the
accused] did to me, I told them the truth, but I was very scared, and I cried.
I cried because I thought that my grandaunt will get angry with me. She
scolded me for not telling her what [the accused] did to me. She said she was
very disappointment with me, she said it was all her fault and she cried. I
saw grandaunt cry and I also cry because I was very scared. I blamed myself
for everything.

After police talked to me about what [the accused] did to me, grandaunt told
me that we will never ever go to the RC anymore. Grandaunt would ask me to
stay at home with her and I could only go out with her. Every time I see the
RC people at my neighbourhood, I just quickly hide and walk away. I just don’t
feel like seeing the RC people. Grandaunt told me not to open the door for the
RC people, we will never ever take anything from them or talk to them.
Throughout Police investigations, I had to see a doctor at KK hospital, and I
also see the doctor for the IQ test. When the doctor asked me about what [the
accused] did to me, I felt very stress because I did not want to remember what
happened and I got cry because it was very hard for me.

Many times, at night, I would be scared. I cannot sleep. I kept thinking of
jumping down and I did not know why I want to kill myself. I cannot sleep, I
cried softly on my bed until I fall asleep. I did not want grandaunt to know
that I am not sleeping because I did not want her to ask me why I cannot sleep
because I did not want her to worry. Since the police case, I would be afraid
to share bad things with my Grandaunt. I did not want her to get worried and
angry about me. I did not want to disappoint her again like how I disappointed
her for not telling her what [the accused] did to me. I did not want to see
her cry again because of me.

In school, I got punched the wall using my hands. I do not know why I punched
the wall. The teacher asked me why I did that, I just cry, I did not know how
to tell my teacher. I could only cry and cry. I never tell anyone about my
feelings because I felt embarrassed to talk about it. I dared not tell them
what [the accused] did to me. I only talk to girls in school, I dared not talk
to the boys because I do not trust boys, I am scared of boys and I don’t know
why. I can only make friends with girls and not boys. Few weeks ago, I really
cannot take it. I cried in school and told my teacher that I want jump down
and kill myself. I cannot take it because I suddenly think of what [the
accused] did to me, I got very scared and stressed and I don’t know how. I
don’t know how to stop all these things from coming to my head. The school
counsellor sent me to KK hospital to the doctor. I told the doctor that I feel
very scared and afraid. I told the doctor that I scratched my hands until it
bled because I suddenly think of what [the accused] did to me. Then my head
would suddenly very pain when I think of what [the accused] did to me. I also
scared of going to grandaunt’s bedroom because I would think of how she was
crying and scolding me when she found out what happened to me. She cried and
cried and kept blaming herself and me about what happened. Sometimes, I don’t
dare to go home because I scared of grandaunt, and I don’t know why. I would
always cry and cry, I cannot feel ok anymore and I want to jump down. I hope I
can become ok like last time.

121 In CJH, the Court of Appeal noted at [16] that severe harm for the
purposes of the Pram Nair and Terence Ng frameworks would not be limited to
specific categories such as pregnancy or a specific psychiatric illness that
is a consequence of the offence. While a court may not take into account facts
that are part and parcel of the offence itself, there is no reason to exclude
the type of harm and suffering that may be experienced by a victim just
because many victims in a similar situation would also experience such harm.
On the facts of CJH, the High Court had noted that the victim, who had not
even started menstruating, would have experienced considerable pain and horror
upon realising that the accused’s actions in sexually assaulting her had left
her bleeding from the vagina. Her trauma and abject helplessness were such
that over the course of the accused’s offending she had come to believe that
it was “pointless” to resist the accused. This would have constituted severe
harm to the victim. The Court of Appeal agreed with these observations and
affirmed that it would be “difficult to suggest that there was no severe harm”
to the victim (at [16]).

122 The harm to the victim in the present case is considerable.
Notwithstanding the lack of a diagnosed psychiatric illness, it is evident
that the victim has experienced inability to sleep, continuous bouts of
crying, and suicidal ideation; she has also engaged in self-harm and other
forms of self-destructive behaviour. Beyond the psychological and physical
toll on the victim, she continues to suffer from emotional dysregulation and
an inability to “feel ok”. She blames herself for what has happened.

123 I would also add that, although not perhaps rising to the level of an
offence-specific factor (sufficient weight having been accorded through the
presence of relevant TIC charges), the accused’s conduct in taking photographs
of the victim’s naked body 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOF at paras 10, 19, and 25.

would have further exacerbated the level of degradation experienced by the
victim as a result of the sexual assaults. The accused’s conduct of
photographing the process of his sexual abuse – which included his arranging
the victim in different poses and even manipulating her body (eg, spreading
her labial folds apart with his fingers) – speaks to a deliberate
deconstruction of the victim’s dignity.

124 In accounting for the harm to the victim, it is also important to consider
the harm which has been caused to the victim’s relationship with her family
and community by the accused’s offending. As noted in Friesen at [60]–[61]:

60 Sexual violence causes additional harm to children by damaging their
relationships with their families and caregivers. Because much sexual violence
against children is committed by a family member, the violence is often
accompanied by breach of a trust relationship (R. v. D.R.W., 2012 BCCA 454,
330 B.C.A.C. 18, at para. 41). If a parent or family member is the perpetrator
of the sexual violence, the other parent or family members may cause further
trauma by taking the side of the perpetrator and disbelieving the victim (see
"The 'Statutory Rape' Myth", at p. 292). Children who are or have been in
foster care may be particularly vulnerable since making an allegation can
result in the end of a placement or a return to foster care (see R. v. L.M.,
2019 ONCA 945, 59 C.R. (7th) 410). Even when a parent or caregiver is not the
perpetrator, the sexual violence can still tear apart families or render them
dysfunctional (R. v. D. (D.) (2002), 58 O.R. (3d) 788 (C.A.), at para. 45).
For instance, siblings and parents can reject victims of sexual violence
because they blame them for their own victimization (see Rafiq, at para. 38).
Victims may also lose trust in the ability of family members to protect them
and may withdraw from their family as a result (Rafiq, at paras. 39-41).

61 The ripple effects can cause children to experience damage to their other
social relationships. Children may lose trust in the communities and people
they know. They may be reluctant to join new communities, meet new people,
make friends in school, or participate in school activities (C.-A. Bauman,
"The Sentencing of Sexual Offences against Children" (1998), 17 C.R. (5th)
352, at p. 355). This loss of trust is compounded when members of the
community take the side of the offender or humiliate and ostracize the child
(R. v. Rayo, 2018 QCCA 824, at para. 87 (CanLII); R. v. T. (K.), 2008 ONCA 91,
89 O.R. (3d) 99, at paras. 12 and 42). Technology and social media can also
compound these problems by spreading images and details of the sexual violence
throughout a community (see R. v. N.G., 2015 MBCA 81, 323 Man.R. (2d) 73).

125 The victim has lost an existing community – i.e. the people she used to
spend time with at the RN. She does not dare to return to the RN for fear of
reviving her trauma. She has found it difficult to make friends with boys.
Worst of all, her relationship with her Grandaunt has deteriorated. The
Grandaunt’s initial reaction in blaming the victim for her own victimisation
(Friesen at [60]) cannot be undone. As a result, the victim cannot trust the
only adult on whom she is dependent. She does not dare to go into the
Grandaunt’s room. She can no longer share freely with the Grandaunt about her
life. Sometimes, she is scared of her Grandaunt and scared of going home.

126 In this connection, I should clarify that no judgment or blame should be
cast on the Grandaunt for how she may have reacted to the disclosure of the
accused’s sexual offences. No-one can be expected to react perfectly to life’s
most emotionally turbulent exigencies. Indeed, the Grandaunt herself has
suffered harm as a result of the accused’s offences. The harm caused to her is
relevant in assessing the harm caused as a result of the accused’s offending
(Public Prosecutor v Lee Ah Choy [2016] 4 SLR 1300 at [54]). The Grandaunt has
suffered emotionally, not only on account for what has happened, but also
because of how her relationship with the victim has been affected. Further,
the Grandaunt’s involvement with the RN has had to cease on account of the
trauma caused to the victim and the apparent distrust now felt by the
Grandaunt towards the RN. The victim and the Grandaunt are now cut off from
the very community that could have provided an important source of support.
One can only hope that the estrangement and the isolation will not be
permanent.

127 Considering the harm suffered by the victim, the effect on her
relationship with her family and community, and the harm caused to the
victim’s family, I would view the harm caused by the accused as being severe
harm sufficient to constitute an offence-specific aggravating factor.

128 For completeness, I would add that there is no abuse of position of trust
on the facts of this case. The accused cannot be said to have been in a
position of responsibility over the victim by virtue of his involvement in the
RN, nor is there evidence that the victim placed trust in the accused by
virtue of his position in the RN.

129 Having regard to the number of offence-specific aggravating factors, I
find that this would bring the present case within the mid to high range of
Band 2 of the Pram Nair sentencing framework, such that the indicative
starting sentence should be 13 to 14 years’ imprisonment per charge. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PSS at para 27.

Calibration of sentence

130 As to the applicable mitigating factors, I accept that the accused has
pleaded guilty timeously, and that this is a sign of his contrition and regret
for the wrong he has done. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Mitigation Plea at para 3.

This has also saved the victim the trauma of having to testify in court.

131 The mitigating weight of the accused’s plea of guilt has to be balanced
against the 15 charges that have been taken into consideration. The presence
of multiple charges taken into consideration constitutes an offender-specific
aggravating factor.

132 As to the accused’s lack of antecedents, this is a neutral factor (BPH at
[85]).

133 Taking into account the offender-specific mitigating and aggravating
factors, I am of the view that it will be appropriate to calibrate the
sentence per charge to 12 years’ imprisonment per charge.

Imprisonment in lieu of caning

134 It is not disputed that the accused’s age (64 years) makes him ineligible
for caning under s 325(1)(b) of the CPC. The court retains the discretion to
impose an additional sentence of imprisonment in lieu of caning under s 325(2)
of the CPC.

135 In Amin bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 904 (“Amin”), the
High Court held that enhancement of the sentence in lieu of caning is
warranted, amongst other things, where on balance there is a need to (a)
compensate for the deterrent effect of caning that was lost by reason of the
exemption, (b) compensate for the retributive effect of caning that is lost by
reason of the exemption, or (c) maintain parity among co-offenders (at [59]).
In my view, the first two factors are engaged.

136 On the first factor, Menon CJ noted in Amin (at [66] and [67]) that there
were at least two factors that should be taken into account in determining
whether an enhanced term of imprisonment would further the objective of
deterrence:

66 First, the court should consider whether an additional term of imprisonment
is needed to replace the lost deterrent effect of caning, having regard to why
the offender was exempted from caning. … The key question is whether such
potential offenders would have known before committing the offence that by
reason of their own circumstances, they would be exempted from caning. If so,
then an additional term of imprisonment in lieu of caning may be more readily
seen as necessary or appropriate in order to compensate for the general
deterrent effect lost because the offender knows he or she will be exempted
from caning. …

67 In general, an offender who was exempted from caning due to gender or age
is likely to have known from the outset that he or she would not be caned.
Therefore, for this class of exempted offenders, an additional term of
imprisonment will be more readily seen to be called for, in order to
compensate for the lost deterrent effect of caning. Conversely, an offender
who was exempted from caning on medical grounds is less likely to have known
that he would not be caned. … Of course, these are mere guidelines, and each
case must be decided on its own facts.

68 Second, the court should consider whether an additional term of
imprisonment would be effective in replacing the deterrent effect of caning. …

[emphasis in original]

137 In Public Prosecutor v Chua Hock Leong [2018] SGCA 32 (“Chua Hock Leong”),
the 63-year-old male accused was convicted on a charge under s 376(1)(b)
punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code for performing fellatio on a
young boy who was 12 years of age. The Court of Appeal reversed the trial
judge’s decision not to impose additional imprisonment in lieu of the
mandatory 12 strokes of the cane and imposed an additional imprisonment term
of six months. It noted (at [12]), that considerations of general deterrence
applied to adults over the age of 50 who might otherwise commit such sexual
offences against minors. The court further stated:

14 In this case, the Respondent committed the offence when he was 61 years old
– most offenders of a similar age would know that they cannot be caned on
account of their age (see also Amin at [67]). Further, we are of the view that
an additional imprisonment term is necessary here to underscore the principle
of general deterrence. The Respondent, who was at least five times older than
the Victim in age and whom the Victim had addressed as “Uncle”, was in a prime
position to advise the Victim not to play truant from school. Instead of doing
that, he had exploited the unsuspecting minor by befriending him in a public
place and then forcing himself upon the Victim to satisfy his own depraved
sexual desires. The offence committed by the Respondent offends “the
sensibilities of the general public” and a “deterrent sentence is therefore
necessary and appropriate to quell public disquiet and the unease engendered
by such crimes” (see Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at
[25(c)]).

138 I agree with the Prosecution that considerations of deterrence would be at
the forefront of the sentencing calculus in this case. The accused very likely
knew from the outset that he would not be caned by reason of his age. The
nature of his offences is similar in character (and in fact even more
invasive) than the offences in Chua Hock Leong: these are offences which would
offend the sensibilities of the general public.

139 On the second factor, retribution is likely to be the principal sentencing
consideration where there is a specific victim, especially where violence has
been visited upon that victim (Amin at [63], citing Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing
Principles in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2009) at paras 06.021 and
30.023). In the present case, where the accused specifically targeted and
exploited a vulnerable victim, retribution would also form a dominant
sentencing objective behind the imposition of caning. This therefore also
points to the imposition of an additional term of imprisonment in lieu of
caning.

140 Conversely, I do not find that the accused’s age militates against the
imposition of an additional term of imprisonment. There are also no medical or
compassionate grounds to this effect.

141 As to the duration of the additional imprisonment, Menon CJ in Amin at
[90] indicated that if more than 19 strokes of the cane were avoided, this
would point to an additional imprisonment period of nine to 12 months. In this
case, had the accused been eligible for caning, the starting point under Band
2 of the Pram Nair framework would have been eight strokes of the cane for
each of the three proceeded charges under s 376A(1)(b) punishable under s
376A(2)(a) of the Penal Code – i.e. 24 strokes in total.

142 Having regard to the above factors, I find it appropriate to impose the
maximum term of 12 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning.

The global sentence

143 Having determined the appropriate sentence for each of the three charges,
I next consider the global sentence which should be imposed in respect of all
three charges. Two of the three sentences must be ordered to run consecutively
by virtue of s 307(1) of the CPC. I agree with the Prosecution that the
sentences for the First Charge and the Third Charge should run consecutively.
89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PSS at para 39.

This results in a global sentence of 24 years’ imprisonment, with an
additional 12 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning.

144 I next consider the application of the totality principle, as outlined in
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”).
The totality principle in Shouffee has two limbs. The first requires that the
global sentence not be substantially above the normal level of sentences for
the most serious of the individual offences committed. The second calls for
consideration of whether the effect of the sentence on the accused is crushing
and not in keeping with his past record and future prospects. While I do not
think a global sentence of 25 years’ imprisonment would be “substantially”
above the normal level of sentences meted out for such an offence under s
376A(1)(b) p/u s 376A(2)(a), I do find that such a global sentence would be
crushing on the accused in this case. Accordingly, I further calibrate the
individual sentences for each of the three charges downwards, from 12 years to
eight years and six months per charge. The sentences in respect of the First
Charge and the Third Charge will run consecutively, with the sentence in
respect of the Second Charge being concurrent. This leads to a revised global
sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment, with an additional 12 months’ imprisonment
in lieu of caning.

Conclusion

145 In summary, the accused is sentenced to a total of 17 years’ imprisonment,
with an additional 12 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning. The imprisonment
term is backdated to the accused’s date of arrest on 22 December 2021. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

SOF at para 30.

146 I wish to close with two final points. First, while it appears that the
victim and her Grandaunt now shun the RN, it is my sincere hope that the RN
members and the wider community do not cease their efforts to offer solace and
support to this family. Second, it is also my sincere hope that the victim
will in time come to understand that none of what happened is her fault; and
that she will in time be able – with the support of her family and her
community – to step back into the light, to forge her own courageous path.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Grace Teo and Sruthi Boppana (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Ambalavanar Ravidass (Regal Law LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Oct 2023 (14:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

