Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family Justice Courts of the Republic of Singapore

[2023] SGHCF 23

Divorce Transferred No 4800 of 2017  
(Summons No 385 of 2022)

Between

VOM

… Plaintiff

And

VON

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law — Procedure — Setting aside]

[Family Law — Matrimonial proceedings — Jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VOM

  
v

  

VON

[2023] SGHCF 23

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce Transferred No
4800 of 2017 (Summons No 385 of 2022)  
Choo Han Teck J  
20 April 2023

21 April 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff (“Wife”) and the defendant (“Husband”) solemnised and
registered their marriage in India on 1 December 2007. Both of them are
permanent residents of Singapore. On 11 June 2018, they obtained an interim
judgment of divorce from the Singapore High Court, which was made final on 15
April 2021. The ancillary matters were determined by Tan Puay Boon JC, who
made the orders in FC/ORC 107/2021 on 4 March 2021 (the “AM Order”). In the
application before me (HCF/SUM 385/2022), the Husband sought to set aside the
AM Order. I dismissed the application, and now set out the grounds of my
decision.

2 Counsel for the Husband, Mr Patrick Fernandez, advanced two arguments in
support of his claim. First, he submitted that the AM Order was procured by
fraud. The Husband’s claim is that the Wife had allegedly tendered fictitious
documents concerning 20 bank accounts, which the Husband now says did not
exist. Secondly, Mr Fernandez argued that Singapore was not the appropriate
forum to determine the divorce and division of assets.

3 In support of his argument regarding the natural forum, Mr Fernandez
referred to s 121F of the Women’s Charter 1961 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Charter”),
which provides:

121F.—(1) Before making an order for financial relief, the court is to
consider whether in all the circumstances of the case, it would be appropriate
for such an order to be made by a court in Singapore, and if the court is not
satisfied that it would be appropriate, the court must dismiss the
application.

Accordingly, Mr Fernandez invited me to consider the factors set out in
subsection (2) of s 121F of the Charter and submitted that these factors point
toward India as the more appropriate forum.

4 That, with respect, was a misreading of s 121F of the Charter. First, as
counsel for the Wife, Ms Nur Amalina, correctly submitted, Chapter 4A of the
Charter (which contains s 121F of the Charter) only applies to applications
for financial relief by parties to a foreign divorce proceeding, and not
divorce proceedings adjudicated by the Singapore courts, as in the present
case: see s 121B of the Charter. Secondly, and more fundamentally, an argument
of forum non conveniens ought to be made at the start of proceedings, and not
after the entire matter has been concluded and judgment has been delivered.
Even if India was indeed the more appropriate forum, the Husband had
indisputably submitted to the jurisdiction of the High Court of Singapore by
his conduct since proceedings began in 2017. I therefore do not accept Mr
Fernandez’s argument.

5 I return to counsel’s argument that the AM Order was procured by fraud. I am
unable to accept this argument. The subject of the alleged fraud, the disputed
20 Indian bank accounts, was before Tan JC, and was addressed extensively from
paragraphs 50 to 59 of his grounds of decision. What the Husband is now
claiming is that Tan JC erred in his factual finding. The proper procedure for
this is an appeal and not an application to set aside the AM Order.

6 Mr Fernandez acknowledged this procedural error at the hearing before me but
explained that he had advised the Husband that it would be difficult to seek
leave to appeal out of time as there had been a lapse of such a considerable
time since the AM Order was made. Ironically, the path which the Husband then
took in reliance on Mr Fernandez advice turned out to be no easier not least
because the application itself was procedurally incorrect, but also that the
allegation that a judgment was procured by fraud is a high one to make, much
less to prove.

7 Apart from the procedural flaws of the application, which itself justifies
its dismissal, I agree with Ms Amalina that the alleged fresh evidence of
fraud, which the Husband relied on in support of this application, were in the
exact documents which Tan JC referred to when making the AM Order.
Accordingly, there is nothing new to support the Husband’s application to set
aside the AM Order on the ground of fraud.

8 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the application and ordered costs at
$2,000 inclusive of disbursements.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Nur Amalina Binte Kamal (Ika Law LLC) for the plaintiff/wife;  
Patrick Fernandez (Fernandez LLC) for the defendant/husband.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Apr 2023 (10:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

