Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 326

Suit No 1095 of 2020

Between

| Ho Dat Khoon  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Chan Wai Leen, as the administratrix of the estate of Wong Ching Fong,
deceased, and in her personal capacity  
---|---  
(2)| Wong Cai Juan  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Gifts — Avoidance — Whether inter vivos gift could be set aside for mistake]

[Land — Registration of title — Whether rectification of the land-register
should be ordered]

[Tort — Conspiracy]

[Restitution — Unjust enrichment — Whether proprietary remedies could be
obtained for a claim in unjust enrichment]

[Civil Procedure — Costs —Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ho Dat Khoon

  
v

  

Chan Wai Leen (in her personal capacity and as administratrix of the estate of
Wong Ching Fong, deceased) and another

[2023] SGHC 326

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1095 of 2020  
Aedit Abdullah J  
4–6, 9–12, 17–20, 23–26 May 2022, 30 January 2023

17 November 2023

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 This case involved a dispute among relatives. Central to this family feud
was a private landed residence worth between $7.5m and $7.8m (“the Property”)
by one estimation, with two factions of the same family having competing
claims in respect of the Property. The overarching tenor of the plaintiff’s
case was that she had transferred the title of the Property by way of a
purported gift to the second defendant in objectionable circumstances, an
allegation which the defendants unsurprisingly denied. Yet, given the way
family arrangements are conducted, not much in the way of contemporaneous
documentary evidence was available in the present case. Indeed, this case
turned in large part on the credibility of the testimonies of the persons
connected with the dispute.

2 Having considered the evidence, I concluded that the transfer of the
Property should be set aside as the plaintiff was operating under a mistake
when she executed the transfer. I disallowed a claim for expenses incurred by
the defendants in respect of the property. I also found against the plaintiff
on several other claims made by her. I now provide the full grounds of my
decision on the merits, and as well as my decision on the costs of this
action.

Background

3 As this was essentially a family dispute, it is apposite to set out, by way
of background, the key persons who are connected with this dispute and how
they are related to each other.

4 The patriarch of the family was Mr Ho Kwang Ming (“Mr HKM”), who was the
plaintiff’s late father. Around the late 1920s or the early 1930s, Mr HKM left
his home in what is presently the Hainan province of the People’s Republic of
China and came to Singapore in search of better opportunities. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 8.

After his arrival in Singapore, Mr HKM operated a few businesses, including a
provision shop 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PCS at para 9.

and a hotel. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PCS at para 22.

He passed away in 1970 at the age of 71. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PCS at para 117.

5 Mr HKM had five other children apart from the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PCS at para 7.

One of whom was the plaintiff’s sister who passed away in 2017, Mdm Ho Tat
Noor (“Mdm HTN”). One of Mdm HTN’s children was Mr Wong Ching Fong (“Mr Alan
Wong”), who was married to the first defendant, Ms Chan Wai Leen. The first
defendant is therefore the plaintiff’s niece-in-law. When Mr Alan Wong passed
away in 2015, the first defendant became the administratrix of his estate. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PCS at para 183.

The second defendant, Ms Wong Cai Juan, is the middle child of the three
daughters of Mr Alan Wong and the first defendant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PCS at para 7.

This makes the second defendant the grandniece of the plaintiff.

6 Another of the plaintiff’s siblings was her brother Mr Ho Tat Song (“Mr
HTS”), who passed away in 2017. Mr HTS had six children, two of whom are Mr Ho
Chiuen Sheey and Ms Nicola Reece Sheffield Ho Chuien Yheeg (He Junyu). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PCS at para 7.

7 On 2 December 2016, the plaintiff signed an instrument of transfer (“the
Instrument of Transfer”) in favour of the second defendant as the sole
transferee (“the Transfer”). The Property was registered in the plaintiff’s
name since 1970, when Mr HKM purchased the Property and registered it in the
plaintiff’s name. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PCS at para 4.

It was the plaintiff’s only property. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PCS at para 4.

The Transfer was registered in the second defendant’s name in 2017. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCS at para 4.

The Instrument of Transfer stated that the Transfer was made “BY WAY OF GIFT”.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS at para 4.

On the same day, the plaintiff also executed a will (“the 2016 Will”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 161.

8 On 30 April 2020, pursuant to a Power of Attorney, Mr Ho Chiuen Sheey and Ms
Nicola Reece Sheffield Ho Chuien Yheeg (He Junyu), the children of Mr HTS (see
[6] above), became the attorneys of the plaintiff. For ease of reference, they
will be hereafter referred to as “the Attorneys”. The Attorneys were granted
powers to “investigate, verify and/or make enquiries with the relevant parties
and/or authorities in respect of the transaction(s) and/or matter(s) relating
to the Property, including but not limited [the Transfer] …” They were also
empowered to “institute and/or abandon any legal proceeding … in connection
with the Property and/or recovery of [the plaintiff’s] legal and/or equitable
interests in the Property from such relevant parties/entities”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC of Ho Chiuen Sheey and Nicola Reece Sheffield Ho Chuien Yheeg (He Junyu)
dated 3 March 2022 at p 41.

Thus, in the present case, the Attorneys were involved in obtaining legal
advice and giving affidavit evidence on behalf of the plaintiff.

9 Following the Attorneys’ appointment, the present suit was commenced on 13
November 2020 against the defendants. In this suit, the plaintiff and the
Attorneys contended, among others, that the Transfer should be set aside. In
essence, they contended that the circumstances surrounding the Transfer were
suspect and this raised the question of whether the plaintiff fully
appreciated the effect of the Transfer. The defendants disputed this and
argued that the plaintiff freely intended to make an inter vivos gift to the
second defendant. The present case therefore appeared to be a dispute between
two sides of a family: the Attorneys (who are the children of Mr HTS) and the
plaintiff on the one side, and the defendants from Mdm HTN’s family (“HTN’s
Family”) on the other.

The parties’ arguments

The plaintiff

10 The plaintiff’s case was that she was a very simple, gullible, vulnerable,
and unsophisticated person 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PCS at para 12.

who did not intend to make an inter vivos gift to the second defendant when
she executed the Transfer, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PCS at para 200.

relying on medical reports to prove that she was not fully aware of what she
was doing when she signed the Transfer and that her cognition was likely to
have been affected to a significant degree due to her various medical
conditions. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PCS at paras 62 and 66.

The plaintiff also argued that she did not, through her conduct, evince an
intention to make a gift of all her beneficial interest in the Property to
HTN’s Family. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS at para 195.

11 In this regard, the plaintiff further submitted that she was the legal and
beneficial owner of the Property prior to the Transfer and was not, as the
defendants suggested, holding the Property on trust for HTN’s Family such that
she had transferred the Property to the second defendant in accordance with
the alleged trust. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS at para 184.

The plaintiff further argued that it was crucial that the defendants had not
pleaded the type of trust being alleged and that it was therefore not possible
for the plaintiff to address that matter specifically. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCS at para 187.

Moreover, the plaintiff contended, relying on s 7(1) of the Civil Law Act 1909
(2020 Rev Ed), that a declaration of trust in respect of immovable property
must be manifested in writing and signed by a person who is able to declare
such trust. Since there was no such declaration by the plaintiff, it was
argued that any express trust would be null, void and/or unenforceable. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCS at para 187.

12 Even assuming that the plaintiff held the Property on trust for HTN’s
Family, the plaintiff argued that the Property would have to be transferred to
seven beneficiaries in that case. However, the Transfer was made to the second
defendant only and, thus, the Transfer could not be said to have been made in
accordance with the alleged trust. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCS at para 193.

13 The plaintiff also mounted claims for damages against the defendants on the
bases of both unlawful and lawful conspiracy. In this regard, the plaintiff
argued as follows: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at para 208.

(a) the first defendant played a key role in (i) the preparation and making of
the plaintiff’s 2013 will (“the 2013 Will”); (ii) the plaintiff’s application
for a replacement certificate of title of the Property; (iii) the preparation
and making of the plaintiff’s 2016 Will; (iv) the discussion with her
daughters on the raising of funds to pay stamp duty on the Transfer (so as to
avoid additional stamp duty); (v) the preparation of the Transfer to the
second defendant as a gift; and (vi) procuring the plaintiff to sign the
Transfer;

(b) the second defendant participated with the first defendant in (i) the
discussion with her sisters on the raising of funds to pay stamp duty on the
Transfer (so as to avoid additional stamp duty); (ii) the preparation of the
Transfer to her name as a gift; (iii) procuring the plaintiff to sign the
Transfer; and (iv) the payment of the stamp duty in order to register the
Transfer in her name;

(c) the predominant purpose of both the defendants was to cause harm to the
plaintiff by procuring her to make an inter vivos gift to the second
defendant; and

(d) the plaintiff signed the Transfer without any consideration, but “BY WAY
OF GIFT”, and thereby suffered the loss of the Property, which was her only
property estimated to be valued between $7.5m and $7.8m.

14 Additionally, the plaintiff sought to rely on several bases to reverse the
Transfer. First, she sought to set aside the Transfer on the bases of: (a)
total lack of consideration; (b) mistake; (c) unconscionability; and (d) undue
influence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at paras 210–223.

Second, she argued that she was entitled to restitution of the Property under
unjust enrichment by reversing the Transfer from the second defendant to her.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at paras 232–233.

Third, she argued that she was entitled to appropriate rectification of the
land-register under s 160 of the Land Titles Act 1993 (2020 Rev Ed) (“LTA”),
paragraph 14 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969
(2020 Rev Ed), and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the court. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at paras 234–236.

15 Lastly, the plaintiff also claimed against the first defendant in her
capacity as the administratrix of the estate of Mr Alan Wong, for the sum of
$13,411.41 which the plaintiff argued that the first defendant had wrongfully
withdrawn from one HDK-WCF Joint Savings Account with the Bank of China (“the
Bank Account”) held between Mr Alan Wong and the plaintiff. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at 3.

As I will elaborate on below, the first defendant did not contest this claim.

The defendants

16 The defendants provided a different version of events. The defendants first
argued that the plaintiff had the mental capacity to execute the Transfer. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DCS at paras 31–52.

They also submitted that the plaintiff held the Property on trust for HTN’s
Family, in line with the intentions of the plaintiff’s father, Mr HKM, who had
purchased the Property. They also argued that the plaintiff had, throughout
her conduct over the years (including during the execution of the Transfer),
always shown at all material times that she recognised HTN’s Family as the
true beneficial owners of the Property, and that she wanted to transfer the
legal ownership of the Property to HTN’s Family in the course of her lifetime.
The defendants argued in any event that the plaintiff, intended, when she
signed the Transfer, to make an inter vivos transfer of the legal ownership of
the Property to the second defendant. Furthermore, it was averred that the
plaintiff had, at all material times, the benefit of independent legal advice,
received explanation of the documents which she signed, and was fully aware of
the nature, effect, and consequences of the Transfer, which was to transfer
the title of the Property to the second defendant. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS at para 5.

17 In essence, the defendants argued that the plaintiff was neither a simple
nor gullible lady who had been deceived into transferring her only major asset
to a relative, and who had no choice but to commence the present litigation to
regain ownership of the Property. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCS at paras 7–8.

Instead of being someone who could be easily pressured into signing documents
against her will, the defendants argued that the evidence revealed that the
plaintiff was someone who had a mind of her own, and who could not be asked to
do something against her will. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS at para 9.

The defendants also submitted that it was the Attorneys who were the
masterminds in bringing these proceedings and that they were involved at every
step of the matter and gave instructions to the plaintiff’s solicitors. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCS at paras 317–318.

18 The defendants also counterclaimed, on the basis of proprietary estoppel,
for expenses they had incurred based on their reasonable expectation and/or
belief that they were the true beneficial owners of the Property in the event
that the plaintiff was entitled to her claim. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at para 389.

They argued that the plaintiff had represented that HTN’s Family, of which the
defendants are part, was the true beneficial owner of the Property and that
HTN’s Family, and the defendants had in reliance on this representation
incurred significant costs in connection with the Property. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS at paras 392–393.

The issues determined

19 Considering the parties’ arguments, the following issues arose for my
determination:

(a) whether the Transfer should be set aside and, if so, on what basis;

(b) whether the plaintiff was entitled to damages from the defendants; and

(c) whether, in the event that the Transfer was invalid, the defendants were
entitled to succeed in their counterclaim.

The Transfer was set aside

20 I turn first to the question of whether the Transfer should be set aside,
and, if so, on what basis. I found that while the plaintiff had mental
capacity at the time of the Transfer, the Transfer was set aside for mistake
as the plaintiff did not think that she was making an inter vivos gift of the
Property to the second defendant when she executed the Transfer. I therefore
ordered the cancellation of the registration of the Transfer and the
rectification of the land-register to reflect the plaintiff’s ownership of the
Property.

The plaintiff possessed mental capacity at the time of the Transfer

21 I turn first to the factual issue concerning the medical condition of the
plaintiff at the time when the Transfer was executed, in relation to which a
considerable amount of evidence was adduced at trial. While I accepted that
the plaintiff was suffering from various ailments and conditions, she did not
display such weakness from these that she was helpless in her dealings.
Indeed, I found that she did not suffer from a mental impairment such that the
Transfer would be set aside on this basis.

22 First, her actions in the period proximate to the time when the Transfer
was executed strongly suggested that she was not suffering from a mental
impairment at the time of the Transfer. In this regard, the defendants adduced
in evidence records from Singapore General Hospital (“SGH”) during the
plaintiff’s hospitalisation from 25 August 2016 to 1 September 2016, and
records of the plaintiff’s review at SGH on 21 December 2016.

23 During her hospitalisation, the plaintiff gave her consent in several
instances which were documented. Evidence was tendered as to the plaintiff’s
signing of consent forms for: admission, oesophago gastro-guodenoscopy,
colonoscopy, sedation, and transfusion of blood and blood products. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (vol 2) at p 819, 824, 828, 832 and 859.

These consent forms were recorded by at least three doctors, and I was
persuaded by the explanation provided at trial by Dr Lim Kim Wei (“Dr Lim”)
from SGH that the doctors would not have allowed the plaintiff to sign the
consent forms if they did not deem her to have the requisite mental capacity
to give informed consent. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE dated 9 May 2022 at p 12 lines 1–12.

I also agreed with the defendants that those doctors also had to ensure that
the plaintiff received and understood sufficient information in order for her
to give informed consent to the various processes and procedures. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DCS at para 62; NE dated 9 May 2022 p 10 lines 4–16.

In fact, it was confirmed by Dr Lim that the plaintiff could demonstrably
understand, retain, and use information to make decisions and communicate them
in a coherent manner. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE dated 9 May 2022 at p 22 lines 8–12.

The fact that the plaintiff could consent meaningfully to such medical
procedures during this period strongly pointed to the inference that she was
not so helpless as to be lacking in mental capacity when she executed the
Transfer.

24 When the plaintiff went back to SGH for a review on 21 December 2016, it
was recorded in the NUR Ambulatory Assessment Checklist SGH, by one Ms Diana
Muszalifah Bte Mustafa who was the “Enrolled Nurse”, that the plaintiff’s
mental status was “Rational”, her functional impairment was “Nil”, and that
she had no “Altered Mental State”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Agreed Core Bundle (“ACB”) at p 348.

In a similar vein, it was also recorded that the plaintiff received
“instruction for procedure and bowel prep [sic]” and that she “Verbalised
Understanding”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ACB at p 350.

According to Dr Kua Ee Hock (“Dr Kua”), SGH nurses would be trained to
recognise signs of cognitive impairment and to call for a specialist if there
was any cause for concern. No concerns were raised in that regard.
Accordingly, the proper inference to draw was that the plaintiff was not
suffering from any mental impairment at the time of the Transfer, which was
close in time to her hospitalisation from 25 August 2016 to 1 September 2016,
and her subsequent review at SGH on 21 December 2016.

25 Second, I gave some, albeit limited, weight to the cognitive tests
administered on the plaintiff by doctors in 2020 and 2021. While these tests
were administered close to four years after the Transfer was executed, I found
them to be of relevance to the plausibility of the plaintiff suffering from a
mental impairment at the time of the Transfer. It was not in dispute that the
plaintiff had mental capacity by the time of the trial. In this regard, five
cognitive tests were administered on her between 2020 and 2021. Four of these
tests indicated that the plaintiff was cognitively normal. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCS at para 72.

While one test, the Mini-Mental State Examination, administered by Dr Lim Yun
Chin (“Dr Lim YC”) on 2 November 2020 led Dr Lim YC to opine that the
plaintiff had “mild cognitive impairment”, he nevertheless concluded that the
plaintiff had mental capacity in respect of her personal welfare, property,
and affairs to make a Lasting Power of Attorney and a Power of Attorney, and
that she had testamentary capacity and capacity to litigate. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AEIC of Dr Lim Yun Chin dated 25 January 2022 at p 10.

These reports further supported the plausibility that the plaintiff was free
of mental impairment in 2016 when she executed the Transfer.

26 Third, I found that the plaintiff generally understood the questions that
were put to her during trial, and also remembered the questions that were
posed to her in the earlier parts of trial. This was evident during her re-
examination at trial in 2022: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE dated 6 May 2022 at p 50 lines 7–26.

Q Mdm Ho, yesterday you were asked a question about where your father and you
celebrated a meal at a restaurant after purchase of a property. You remember
that question?

A Yes, I remember.

Q So my question is, can you tell this Court which was the property that was
purchased for which the meal was celebrated?

A Yes, the celebration was for the purchase of [the Property].

Q Right. Now earlier today, you were asked a series of questions about, you
know, when you fainted and then you’re admitted to the Singapore General
Hospital in August 2016, you remember that?

A Yes.

Q Right. And then you were asked a question about a month before that, you
went to see the doctor at Bendemeer Clinic who told you you had lack of blood.
You remember those---that question?

A Was said---it was said.

Q Okay, my question, Mdm Ho, is that can you recall why did you had to go to
that Bendemeer Clinic about a month before you were warded in Singapore
General Hospital?

A Well, I go to the clinic to see the doctor even when I fell unwell. The
clinic was nearby. I visited the clinic because it was nearby.

The above exchange between the plaintiff and Mr Ranvir Kumar Singh (“Mr
Singh”) showed that the plaintiff was able to remember significant questions
that were posed to her a day ago and, in addition, was able to provide
meaningful responses to them. This confirmed the earlier conclusions by
doctors administering the cognitive tests that the plaintiff was not mentally
impaired during the period between 2020 and 2022. If the plaintiff truly
suffered from significant mental impairment at the time when she executed the
Transfer in 2016, it was inexplicable that her condition would have improved
to such an extent by 2022. Indeed, the plaintiff had provided no explanation
for why this would have been a plausible turn of events. Accordingly, I was
not persuaded that the plaintiff had lacked mental capacity when she signed
the Transfer. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 24(5).

The Transfer was set aside for mistake

27 Nevertheless, I set aside the Transfer on the ground of mistake. In my
judgment, the plaintiff was, at the time of the Transfer, under a mistaken
belief as to the legal effect of the Transfer and it was unconscionable to
deny relief.

The plaintiff did not intend to make an inter vivos gift of the Property to
the second defendant

28 In my judgment, it was implausible that the plaintiff intended to make an
inter vivos gift of the Property to the second defendant through the Transfer;
rather, I found that she had intended to make a testamentary gift of the
Property to the second defendant. This was for two reasons. First, finding
that the plaintiff intended to make an inter vivos gift would have been
inconsistent with the 2016 Will that the plaintiff executed, which expressed
the plaintiff’s intention for the Property to be a testamentary gift. Second,
it was likely that the plaintiff would have misunderstood the effect of the
Transfer given the lack of clarity in the explanations provided to her in that
regard.

29 To begin with, it was implausible that the plaintiff intended to make an
inter vivos gift of the Property given that she executed the 2016 Will on the
same day of the Transfer, which instead bequeathed the Property to the second
defendant upon the plaintiff’s death. Clause 6 of the 2016 Will provided: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ACB at p 84.

6\. I GIVE DEVISE AND BEQUEATH all my movable and immovable property
whatsoever and wheresoever situate (including any property over which I may
have a general power of appointment and disposition by will) UPON TRUST to my
Trustee for the following: -

…

(2) to hold and transfer all my rights, title and interests in [the Property]
to my grand-niece, WONG CAI JUAN [ie, the second defendant] … absolutely;

PROVIDED ALWAYS THAT in the event if she predeceases me or does not survive me
for at least thirty (30) days, then her share shall accrue to WONG CAI LING …

[emphasis in original]

In this regard, Mr David Liew (“Mr Liew”), the lawyer who advised the
plaintiff in relation to the Transfer and the 2016 Will, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DCS at para 15.

testified that he had gone through the 2016 Will line-by-line with the
plaintiff and ensured that she understood its contents. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AEIC of David Liew Tuck Yin dated 8 March 2022 at para 27(b).

It was significant that the defendants did not dispute this.

30 Yet, if it were accepted that the plaintiff knew that the Property would be
bequeathed to the second defendant as a testamentary gift, it would be very,
very odd, and peculiar, to accept the defendants’ contentions that the
plaintiff knew that she was making an inter vivos gift through the Transfer.
This would have entirely negated the effect of clause 6 of the 2016 Will and
made it redundant. Indeed, it was more likely than not that the plaintiff had
intended to make a testamentary gift of the Property to the second defendant,
and hence did not understand the nature of the Transfer when she executed it.

31 This misunderstanding on the part of the plaintiff was plausibly due to Mr
Liew’s advice to the plaintiff that her signing of the Transfer would not mean
that her ownership was “taken away”. Given this statement, it was very likely
that she understood it to mean that the gift of the Property to the second
defendant would only take effect after her death.

32 To be fair to Mr Liew, while the substance of his evidence was that he had
advised the plaintiff that the Transfer would mean that ownership of the
Property would pass to the second defendant while the plaintiff was still
alive, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE dated 25 May 2022 at p 20 lines 24–26.

there were serious doubts as to whether he had explained this to the plaintiff
in a manner that was clear enough for the plaintiff to understand. These
doubts were raised by the lack of clarity in Mr Liew’s answers during cross-
examination. When asked to describe in court how he had explained the effect
of the Transfer to the plaintiff, Mr Liew first said that he had explained to
the plaintiff that “it doesn’t mean that once [the plaintiff had] signed the
transfer form, automatically the property is gifted away or transferred away
from [the plaintiff’s] ownership [sic]”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE dated 25 May 2022 at p 57 lines 10–12.

He subsequently reiterated that the signing of the Transfer “[did] not mean
that once [the plaintiff] signed the transfers, it mean[t] that straightaway
the [P]roper[ty] is given away [sic]”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE dated 25 May 2022 p 57 lines 25–27.

To a layperson such as the plaintiff, it was not unlikely that these
statements cemented an incorrect perception that the Property would not be
gifted to the second defendant while the plaintiff was still alive.

33 Indeed, it was evident during cross-examination that Mr Liew had difficulty
clearly articulating his responses to answer the real issue at hand. When
asked whether the plaintiff knew that the Transfer had the effect of an inter
vivos gift, his answers with respect to the timing of the gift appeared to be
made in the context of the assessment of stamp duty. In other words, when Mr
Liew mentioned that the transfer of ownership was not immediate, he meant that
the Transfer could not be registered until the stamp duty had been paid, which
was besides the point. Indeed, the exchanges between Mr Singh, counsel for the
plaintiff, and Mr Liew illustrated this:

Q So on this occasion, she’s being asked to sign documents which is one is a
testamentary gift, and another one which is a lifetime gift. Did it not occur
to you to really, you know, get clarity on her intention on these gifts and to
make sure that she really wanted to make a lifetime gift to get a deed of gift
signed?

A Well, when I went, yes, I did check with her. Because when I met her, I
said, “Look, if you are doing, you---your want---if you want to make sure that
you can transfer this property to your grandniece while you’re still around,
alright, first, like I said, you know, you already done your will, you already
signed your will. The other thing is we’ll do it by way of transfer, by gift.
Alright. And this is the purpose of the document, you see.” Because it’s all
tied with that fact that I already explained to her that---I already explained
to her earlier. And so at my---if I recall on that day that, “You need the
stamp duty to be paid.”

Q Yes.

A Alright. If there’s no stamp duty be paid, then don’t bother about---talking
about transfer. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE dated 25 May 2022 at p 61 lines 19–31 to p 62 lines 1–2.

Further, in another instance, when pressed about whether he told the plaintiff
that she could not revoke the gift once the Transfer was registered, Mr Liew
responded:

Q Yes. My point is quite different, Mr Liew, and I---perhaps I’ll suggest to
you that you did not tell mis---Mdm Ho that once the transfer is registered,
she cannot revoke the gift.

A (No audible answer)

Court: Do you agree or disagree, Mr Liew?

Witness: I disagree. Why I disagree is that I did inform her, “Once the stamp
duty is paid, alright, the transfer can then be registered. Once it’s
registered, then your decision has come through.” 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE dated 25 May 2022 at p 62 at lines 14–21.

[emphasis added]

These repeated references to the stamp duty payable before the Transfer could
be registered, even when Mr Liew was pressed on the real question of whether
he told the plaintiff that the Transfer was an inter vivos or testamentary
gift, gave rise to serious doubts as to whether Mr Liew was able to explain
the effect of the Transfer in a way that the plaintiff could have understood.
This was especially since his explanation was given in a mixture of Cantonese
and Mandarin. It was more likely than not that there were legal nuances that
his translation to the plaintiff did not capture.

34 While there were some instances where Mr Liew testified that the plaintiff
had explicitly told him that she wanted to make a gift during her lifetime, I
was not persuaded that the plaintiff understood what that entailed. Mr Liew’s
reference to the plaintiff communicating to him that she was “hop[ing] that
she can do this before she passed on” 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE dated 25 May 2022 at p 28 at lines 12–13.

was, in my view, an expression of her intention to make arrangements before
her passing so that the second defendant would own the Property after she had
passed on. This would have explained why she executed the 2016 Will expressly
stating that upon the plaintiff’s death, the Property would be given to the
second defendant. It was more plausible that the plaintiff, untrained in legal
technicalities, simply accepted without question that both instruments were
necessary to ensure that the second defendant would inherit the Property after
her death. Considered together, the Transfer and the 2016 Will reflected the
plaintiff’s attempt during her lifetime to make provision for how her assets
would be distributed after her death. Therefore, I found on a balance of
probabilities that when the plaintiff said that she wanted to transfer the
Property to the second defendant during her lifetime, she did not understand
it to mean that she would lose ownership of the Property during her lifetime.

35 Against this conclusion, the defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s
account should not be believed as it contained inconsistencies. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS at para 189.

They pointed out that she was inconsistent as to: (a) where she had signed the
Transfer; (b) who else was present when she signed the Transfer; and (c) who
handed her the Instrument of Transfer. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at paras 191–193.

They relied on Dr Kua’s testimony that the plaintiff’s inconsistent answers
were due to the fact that her memory was affected by the emotional trauma
which she experienced by her knowledge that she had triggered a schism between
her brother’s and her sister’s families. Dr Kua further explained that the
plaintiff had in fact intended to make the Transfer but repressed this memory
because to reveal this to HTS’s Family (with whom she was living) would upset
them. Her memory was hence repressed, and she experienced emotional turmoil
when trying to recall the events of the day, causing her to give conflicting
answers. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at para 196.

The defendants submitted in the alternative that if the plaintiff was free
from any psychological impediments preventing her from recalling the events of
2 December 2016, the only explanation for her inconsistent statements was that
she was lying. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS at paras 207–209.

36 However, I did not find these inconsistencies to be fatal to the
plaintiff’s version of events. The trial was heard in 2022, more than five
years after the events of 2 December 2016. Given the plaintiff’s advanced age,
it was reasonable that she could not fully remember the details of what had
happened. What was important, in my view, was that she stuck to the consistent
position that she did not intend to make an inter vivos gift of the Property
to the second defendant. The inconsistencies about where she had signed the
Transfer, who else was present, and who handed her the Instrument of Transfer
did not contradict the consistent position in her account that she had no
intention of making an inter vivos gift.

37 Lastly, as for the defendants’ contention that the plaintiff’s evidence
should not be regarded as being independently given as the Attorneys were the
masterminds behind this litigation, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCS at para 326.

I did not think that the fact of the Attorneys’ heavy involvement in this
litigation necessarily meant that the plaintiff’s evidence was not
independent. In my view, it was telling that the plaintiff had simply admitted
that it was her view that the Property should be passed on to the family of Mr
HTS, who was the father of the Attorneys. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE dated 6 May 2022 at p 12 lines 27–32.

This showed that the plaintiff’s bringing of this suit was motivated by her
own reasons and that she was not merely acting on the wishes of the Attorneys.

38 Accordingly, I found that the plaintiff was under the mistaken belief that
she was making a testamentary gift, and not an inter vivos gift, when she
executed the Transfer. There was also no sufficient reason to doubt her
credibility in this regard.

The plaintiff did not hold the Property on trust for HTN’s Family nor did she
regard herself as doing so

39 An argument raised by the defendants was that the plaintiff had held the
Property on trust for HTN’s Family, and her actions on 2 December 2016 served
to “return” the Property to its true owners. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCS at para 12.

However, I found that there was no basis for the assertion that the plaintiff
believed the Property to be held on trust for the benefit of HTN’s Family or
that she intended to make an inter vivos gift through the Transfer pursuant to
the alleged trust arrangement.

40 The evidence relied upon by the defendants fell short: there was inadequate
evidence to show any acceptance or recognition by the plaintiff that she held
the Property on trust for HTN’s Family. To the contrary, the purported effect
of the Transfer and the 2016 Will contradicted the trust that was pleaded by
the defendants. The Transfer and the 2016 Will would have only benefitted the
second defendant. However, as the plaintiff correctly pointed out, assuming
that she was holding the Property on trust for HTN’s Family, then it was
inexplicable that the plaintiff did not also transfer the ownership of the
Property to the other members of HTN’s Family. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS at para 193.

The inference to be drawn was therefore that she did not regard herself as
holding the Property on trust for HTN’s Family.

41 The defendants’ assertion that the Property was held by the plaintiff on
trust for HTN’s Family on the behest of the plaintiff’s father (ie, Mr HKM)
was also unsupported by evidence. Mdm HTN had passed away, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS at para 20.

and there was no contemporaneous evidence nor documentary evidence to support
the assertion that a trust of the Property was created for her family: Mr HKM
and Mdm HTN’s husband Mr Wong Kai Swee had of course passed away as well. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS at paras 4 and 20.

Accordingly, there was no direct evidence from the parties who allegedly came
up with the arrangement to prove the alleged trust.

42 The defendants also argued that the plaintiff had all along evinced an
intention to benefit HTN’s Family with the Property and that this intention
had been set out in three separate wills, ie, a will executed in 2003 (“the
2003 Will”), the 2013 Will, and the 2016 Will. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at para 99.

As with my earlier observations in relation to the 2016 Will (at [29]–[30]
above), I did not find that these wills evinced any intention of the plaintiff
to make an inter vivos gift as opposed to a testamentary gift.

43 To begin with, the defendants could not find a copy of the 2003 Will 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at para 101.

but instead relied on the two other wills. The 2013 Will provided that all of
the plaintiff’s real and personal property including but not limited to the
Property would be given to her trustees (ie, the second defendant’s sister
Wong Cai Ting (“WCT”), or if WCT did not survive the plaintiff, the second
defendant) upon trust, and after payment thereout of her debts, funeral and
testamentary expenses and estate duties, the balance would be distributed to
Mr Alan Wong, the first defendant, the second defendant, and the second
defendant’s two sisters. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at para 102; ACB at p 80.

And, as mentioned above (at [29]), the 2016 Will bequeathed the Property to
the second defendant upon the plaintiff’s death. However, this did not show
that the plaintiff intended to transfer the ownership of the Property in her
lifetime. In fact, it clearly showed the opposite: that she intended for those
beneficiaries to inherit the Property after her death. If she wanted to make
an inter vivos gift of the Property, she could have done so through the
appropriate legal instrument, instead of executing the three wills.

44 In so far as the defendants suggested that the plaintiff did not execute
the proper legal instrument to make an inter vivos transfer between 2003 and
2016 because she was concerned with the stamp duty payable, this in fact
further supported the conclusion that the plaintiff did not intend to make an
inter vivos gift for this reason and that, instead, she intended to bequeath
the Property as a testamentary gift. There was no convincing reason provided
as to why, in 2016, she would have changed her mind. Though not poor, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 376.

she was an elderly worker at a flower shop when she signed the documents on 2
December 2016, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS at para 90.

and there was no evidence that she had reached an agreement with the
defendants, or the rest of HTN’s Family, that she would be indemnified or
reimbursed by the latter in respect of the stamp duty payable. Accordingly, I
did not find that it would have been likely that the plaintiff understood that
she was making an inter vivos gift when she signed the Transfer pursuant to
any alleged trust arrangement.

45 The defendants also submitted that the fact that the plaintiff never stayed
in the Property, that various members of HTN’s Family stayed in the Property
instead, HTN’s Family had been paying for the outgoings of the Property, and
that the certificate of title of the Property was kept not with the plaintiff
but in the Property itself, showed that the Property was held on trust by the
plaintiff for HTN’s Family. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS at para 126.

However, I did not think that those were strongly probative of the defendants’
assertions. It could very well be that the plaintiff was simply content with
permitting HTN’s Family to stay in the Property as long as they paid for the
outgoings of the Property. It did not follow from these that the plaintiff was
holding the Property on trust, or that she was willing to cede ownership of
the Property during her lifetime to HTN’s Family. These facts only went as far
as to show that the plaintiff was not active in managing the affairs of the
Property, and nothing more.

46 The defendant also made much of the relationship between the plaintiff and
HTN’s Family. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 132.

However, I did not think that was a strong factor pointing towards the
plaintiff’s intention to make an inter vivos gift to the second defendant in
light of the other evidence suggesting otherwise.

47 For the reasons expressed above, I found that the plaintiff did not hold,
nor did she regard herself as holding the Property on trust for HTN’s Family.

The legal effect of the plaintiff’s mistake

48 The legal effect of the plaintiff’s mistake was that the Transfer was set
aside. In this regard, the applicable test was set out by the Court of Appeal
in BOM v BOK and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 349 (“BOM”) at [90]. The court’s
equitable jurisdiction to set aside voluntary dispositions on the ground of
mistake is exercisable when there was (a) a causative mistake, as to either
the legal character of the transaction or a matter of fact or law that was
basic to the transaction (b) that was of such gravity that it would be
unconscionable to refuse relief. In this regard, the Court of Appeal in BOM
endorsed the principles expressed in the judgment of Lord Walker of
Gestingthorpe in Pitt v Holt [2013] 2 AC 108 (“Pitt”), which can be summarised
as follows:

(a) a causative mistake is to be distinguished from mere ignorance,
inadvertence, and misprediction of a future event. That notwithstanding,
forgetfulness, inadvertence or ignorance may lead to a false belief or
assumption that constitutes a mistake upon which a voluntary disposition could
be set aside. The mistake can also arise from carelessness, unless it is shown
that the person making the voluntary disposition deliberately ran the risk of
being wrong, or the facts are such that he must be taken to have run the risk
of being wrong. Additionally, there is no requirement that the beneficiary of
the disposition must have been aware of the mistake (Pitt at [104]–[105] and
[114]); and

(b) the mistake must be sufficiently grave such that it would be unjust,
unfair or unconscionable for the court to refuse relief. To that end, the
court must closely examine the facts, determine the circumstances of the
mistake, consider its centrality to the transaction in question, and evaluate
the seriousness of its consequences to the person who made the voluntary
disposition (Pitt at [126] and [128]).

49 The first element of a causative mistake was made out: as explained above
(at [28]–[38]), the plaintiff was under a mistaken belief as to the legal
effect of the Transfer. She did not understand that she was making an inter
vivos gift to the second defendant; indeed, the circumstances suggested that
she had intended to make a testamentary gift instead. For completeness, I
found that the plaintiff was positively under a mistaken belief and that this
case was distinguishable from the cases of mere ignorance, inadvertence, and
misprediction of a future event. I also did not find, nor was there any
allegation that the plaintiff deliberately ran the risk of being wrong, or the
facts were as such that she must have been taken to run the risk of being
wrong.

50 As for the question of whether the mistake was of such gravity that it
would be unconscionable to refuse relief, I was readily satisfied that this
was so. The plaintiff was not highly educated, elderly, and while the
Instrument of Transfer was supposedly explained to her in Cantonese and
Mandarin, there were serious doubts about whether she could meaningfully
understand the legal technicalities associated with such a document. This
mistake was central to the Transfer as it went towards the very nature of the
transaction. The mistake resulted in the plaintiff losing ownership of the
Property, which was her only major asset and which was worth $7.5m to $7.8m.
In this respect, the present case is analogous to BOM, where the Court of
Appeal granted relief under this stage. The court regarded it relevant that
the deed of trust that the husband in that case executed had a completely
different legal effect from what the husband thought it had, and the result
was that he was completely divested of his assets because of his mistake. It
was therefore clear to the Court of Appeal that the centrality of the
husband’s mistake to the execution of the deed of trust and the seriousness of
its consequences rendered the mistake sufficiently grave to warrant the
setting aside of the deed of trust. Similarly, in the present case, it was
unconscionable to refuse relief, and I so ordered the Transfer to be set
aside.

Rectification of the land-register was ordered

51 In light of my finding that the Transfer should be set aside, I ordered the
rectification of the land-register pursuant to ss 160(1)(b) and 160(2) of the
LTA. Those provisions state:

Rectification of land-register by court

160.—(1) Subject to subsection (2), the court may order rectification of the
land-register by directing that any registration be cancelled or amended in
any of the following cases:

…

(b) where the court is satisfied that any registration or notification of an
instrument has been obtained through fraud, omission or mistake;

…

(2) The land-register must not be rectified so as to affect the registered
estate or interest of a proprietor who is in possession unless that proprietor
is a party or privy to the omission, fraud or mistake in consequence of which
the rectification is sought, or has caused that omission, fraud or mistake or
substantially contributed thereto by that proprietor’s act, neglect or
default.

52 From these provisions, there are two cumulative requirements for the
rectification of the land-register under ss 160(1)(b) and 160(2) of the LTA.
First, the registration or notification of any instrument must have been
obtained through fraud, omission, or mistake. Second, the proprietor who is in
possession must be a party or privy to the omission, fraud, or mistake in
consequence of which the rectification is sought, or has caused that omission,
fraud or mistake or substantially contributed thereto by that proprietor’s
act, neglect, or default.

53 Since it had been established that the plaintiff executed the Transfer upon
the mistaken belief that she was not making an inter vivos gift but a
testamentary one, the question was whether the second defendant, who became
the sole proprietor after the Transfer, fell within the ambit of the second
requirement. In my judgment, this was the case. The second defendant was privy
to the plaintiff’s mistake as she, together with the first defendant, would
have been apprised as to the legal effect of the Transfer, on their own case
that they had discussions with the plaintiff about the Transfer. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCS at para 162.

54 Accordingly, I found that the requirements of ss 160(1)(b) and 160(2) of
the LTA were met, and I ordered the cancellation of the registration of the
Transfer and the rectification of the land-register to reflect the plaintiff’s
ownership of the Property.

The other vitiating factors which the plaintiff relied on were not made out

55 Given that the Transfer was set aside on the ground of mistake, it was
unnecessary for me to consider whether the other grounds relied upon by the
plaintiff to set aside the Transfer were made out. Nevertheless, I will
briefly explain why these grounds were not made out.

56 First, the plaintiff’s contention that the Transfer should be set aside as
it was made without consideration fell away in light of my earlier finding
that the plaintiff did not lack donative intent; instead, she was simply under
a misunderstanding as to the timing of the Transfer. Thus, she still intended
to make a gift (albeit a testamentary one), and the requirement of
consideration was therefore irrelevant.

57 Second, the plaintiff could not successfully rely on the doctrine of undue
influence as there was insufficient proof that there was such actual or
presumed influence by the defendants on the plaintiff that would have
triggered the application of this doctrine, following the two categories set
out by the Court of Appeal in BOM [101]. There was no evidence of actual
influence by the defendants, and it is worth noting in this regard that the
plaintiff only provided a bare assertion that she had signed many documents
provided to her by the first defendant and Mr Alan Wong without knowing their
contents. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at para 222.

Even if it were taken as true, on the plaintiff’s contentions, that the first
defendant had assisted the plaintiff with the preparation of the plaintiff’s
2016 Will and with her application for a replacement certificate of title in
respect of the Property, mere assistance alone without more cannot constitute
undue influence. More must be provided in evidence to show that the person’s
free will was impaired in some manner (see BOM at [106]). It was also clear
that presumed undue influence could not be established as the plaintiff’s
relationship with the defendants was not such as to give rise to that
presumption.

58 Lastly, as against the plaintiff’s submission, unconscionability was not
made out as a ground that would vitiate the Transfer. As the Court of Appeal
held in BOM, the plaintiff had to show that she was suffering from an
infirmity that the other party exploited in procuring the transaction (at
[142]). However, as I had found (at [22]), while I accepted that the plaintiff
was suffering from various ailments and conditions, she did not display such
weakness from these that she was helpless in her dealings. She was still very
much capable of making her own decisions. Accordingly, there was no need to
require the defendants to show that the Transfer was fair, just, and
reasonable (see BOM at [142]).

The other claims by the plaintiff

The Bank Account claim

59 I turn now to the other claims made by the plaintiff. It is apposite to
first deal with the claim against the first defendant in her capacity as the
administratrix of the estate of Mr Alan Wong, for the sum of $13,411.41. This
was the sum standing in the Bank Account as of the date of Mr Alan Wong’s
death. The Bank Account was in the joint names of Mr Alan Wong and the
plaintiff.

60 The first defendant confirmed in her affidavit in evidence-in-chief, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AEIC of Chan Wai Leen at para 81.

as well as at trial, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE dated 4 May 2022 at p 3 lines 16–19.

that she was not contesting this claim. Indeed, the plaintiff correctly
suggested what remained to be done for that claim was to enter judgment in
favour of the plaintiff for the first defendant to make payment. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS at para 3.

I therefore awarded the sum of $13,411 to the plaintiff, being the amount
claimed rounded down the nearest whole number.

Conspiracy

61 However, I found that the plaintiff’s other claims were not made out.
Beginning with the plaintiff’s claim for both unlawful means and lawful means
conspiracy, the relevant elements were expressed in the Court of Appeal
decisions of EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte
Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [112] and Gimpex Ltd v
Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 at
[187].

62 To establish a claim for unlawful means conspiracy, the following must be
proved: (a) two or more persons combined to do certain acts; (b) the
conspirators intended to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff by those
acts; (c) the acts were unlawful (including intentional acts that are
tortious); (d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and
(e) the acts caused loss. These elements largely apply to a claim for lawful
means conspiracy as well, save that a plaintiff must prove that the
defendant(s) had a higher requisite mental state – that the predominant
purpose of the alleged conspirators must be to cause damage or injury to the
plaintiff (see the High Court decision of Axis Megalink Sdn Bhd v Far East
Mining Pte Ltd [2023] SGHC 243 (“Axis Megalink”) at [137]).

63 First, as regards the claim in unlawful means conspiracy, central to the
present case was the question of whether the defendants even intended to cause
damage or injury to the plaintiff. In this respect, the plaintiff had to show
that the unlawful means and the conspiracy were “targeted or directed” at the
plaintiff. This meant that damage or injury to the plaintiff had been intended
as either a means to an end or an end in itself. It was not sufficient that
harm to the plaintiff would be a likely, or probably or even inevitable
consequence of the defendants’ alleged conduct. Lesser states of mind, such as
an appreciation that a course of conduct would inevitably harm the plaintiff,
would “not amount to an intention to injure, although it may be a factor
supporting an inference of intention on the factual circumstances of the case”
(see EFT Holdings at [101] and Axis Megalink at [135]).

64 In my judgment, this element was not made out. The plaintiff simply
asserted that “[t]he predominant purpose of both the defendants was to cause
harm to the plaintiff by procuring her to make an inter vivos gift of [the
Property] to the second defendant”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at para 208(3).

However, nothing was argued as to whether damage or injury to the plaintiff
had been intended as a means to an end or an end in itself. From the sole fact
of the Transfer, it could at best be proved that the intention of the
defendants in procuring the Transfer was to benefit the second defendant, even
as it was appreciated that this would inevitably harm the plaintiff. As a
result, I did not find that the requisite mental element of unlawful means
conspiracy was made out.

65 Given this conclusion, it also followed that lawful means conspiracy, which
requires a higher requisite mental state, was not made out. I therefore
dismissed the claims in unlawful and lawful means conspiracy.

Declaration as to resulting and/or constructive trust

66 The plaintiff also sought a declaration that the second defendant held the
Property on resulting and/or constructive trust for the benefit of the
plaintiff. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS at para 224.

However, even if the second defendant was a resulting and/or constructive
trustee, such declaration would have been unnecessary, and I accordingly
declined to grant it.

67 As the High Court observed in Kok Zhen Yen and another v Beth Candice Wu
[2023] SGHC 126 (“Kok Zhen Yen”), a declaration is a remedy by which a court
simply pronounces on the rights or even the remedies of the parties, even if
such declaration is implicit in all remedies. They may aid in the resolution
of a dispute or prevent one from arising, especially if parties in a dispute
know what their legal positions are (at [77]). While the High Court has the
power to grant all reliefs and remedies at law or in equity (see paragraph 14
of the First Schedule to the SCJA), including a declaration, “the power to
grant a declaration should be exercised with a proper sense of responsibility
and a full realisation that judicial pronouncements ought not to be issued
unless there are circumstances that call for their making” (see Kok Zhen Yen
at [78], citing the Privy Council decision of Ikebife Ibeneweka v Peter Egbuna
[1964] 1 WLR 219 at 225, per Viscount Radcliffe).

68 It was unnecessary to grant a declaration in the present case as I had held
that the Transfer could be set aside and that the land-register would be
rectified. After the land-register is rectified, the issue of whether the
second defendant held the Property on resulting and/or constructive trust
would become academic as the land-register would reflect the plaintiff’s legal
ownership over the Property.

Unjust enrichment

69 Finally, I turn to the plaintiff’s claim under unjust enrichment. The
plaintiff argued that she was entitled to “restitution for the unjust
enrichment by reversal of the transfer of [the Property] from the second
defendant to the plaintiff”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS at para 223.

This evinced the plaintiff’s understanding of “restitution” as being a
proprietary remedy that would “revers[e]” the Transfer.

70 However, this claim was misconceived in as much as it was premised on the
availability of proprietary remedies in a claim for unjust enrichment. It is
clear from the Court of Appeal decision of Esben Finance Ltd and others v Wong
Hou-Lianq Neil [2022] 1 SLR 136 (“Esben”) that a proprietary claim is separate
and distinct from a claim in unjust enrichment, which is a personal claim
giving rise to the remedy of restitution in monetary terms. Indeed, an
important question that the Court of Appeal commented on in Esben was whether
the availability of a proprietary claim precluded a claim in unjust enrichment
in cases where lack of consent is relied upon as an unjust factor, the concern
being the need to prevent unjust enrichment from encroaching on or making
otiose established areas of the law or denuding them of much of their legal
significance (see Esben at [251(c)(iii)]).

71 The distinction between a proprietary claim and a personal claim in unjust
enrichment was also explicitly endorsed in Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito
and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“Alwie”), where the Court of
Appeal, disagreeing with argument that the seminal House of Lords decision of
Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale Ltd [1991] 2 AC 548 (“Lipkin Gorman”) was concerned
with a proprietary restitutionary claim and not a claim in unjust enrichment,
observed that Lord Goff in Lipkin Gorman was “evidently alive to the
distinction between proprietary restitutionary claims and personal claims for
unjust enrichment” (see Alwie at [119]).

72 I pause to observe that this issue has been subject to considerable debate
elsewhere. On one view, it has been argued that it is more appropriate to
classify proprietary claims under the law of wrongs, rather than the law of
unjust enrichment (see David Salmons, “The Availability of Proprietary
Restitution in Cases of Mistaken Payments” (2015) 74(3) CLJ 534). On the other
side of the debate, the Supreme Court of Canada in Kerr v Baranow [2011] 1 SCR
269 has taken the position that proprietary remedies are available to claims
in unjust enrichment. This aligns with the view advanced by the late Professor
Peter Birks in “Restitution and Resulting Trusts” in Equity and Contemporary
Legal Developments (S Goldstein ed) (Hebrew University, 1992) at p 368, who
argued that the resulting trust should play a wider role in an unjust
enrichment claim, particularly in cases of mistake and failure of
consideration.

73 Professor Birks’s view was however rejected by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in
Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council [1996]
AC 669, who opined that such a position would involve “a distortion of trust
principles” (at 709). It would also result in commercial uncertainty as third
parties might be negatively impacted if the original recipient becomes
insolvent, for the trust assets in question would not be available to the
general body of creditors; instead, the plaintiff who has a proprietary claim
for unjust enrichment in those trust assets would be able to obtain
restitution over third parties who have themselves not been enriched at the
expense of such a plaintiff, and indeed have no dealings with him. Moreover,
if the assets were transferred pursuant to a valid contract, such a plaintiff
would only have personal rights against the original recipient of the assets.
There is no reason why he should be better off when an unjust enrichment claim
is available when the contract is instead void (at 703–705).

74 Despite the ongoing debate, it is nevertheless clear, from the statements
of the Court of Appeal, that the legal position in Singapore leans strongly
towards the non-recognition of proprietary remedies for claims in unjust
enrichment. The plaintiff’s claim in unjust enrichment was therefore a non-
starter.

The defendants’ counterclaim was not made out

75 I turn now to the defendants’ counterclaim, which I did not find were made
out.

76 The defendants argued that in the event I found that the plaintiff was
entitled to her claim, the defendant ought to be entitled to their
counterclaim, on the basis of proprietary estoppel, for expenses that they had
incurred based on their reasonable expectation and/or belief that they are the
true beneficial owners of the Property. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DS at paras 389–390.

77 The elements of proprietary estoppel were set out by the Court of Appeal in
V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v
Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [56], being: (a)
a representation or assurance made to the claimant; (b) reliance on it by the
claimant; and (c) detriment to the claimant in consequence of his (reasonable)
reliance.

78 The defendants submitted, as regards the first element, that it is well
established that silence may amount to a representation and that, for decades,
the plaintiff has through her actions intimated to the defendants that HTN’s
Family were the true beneficial owners of the Property. They contended that
the plaintiff “informed” Mr Alan Wong and the first defendant to stay in the
Property as their matrimonial home, and always permitted members of HTN’s
Family to stay in the Property. The defendants also highlighted that the
plaintiff left payment of any and all expenses relating to the Property
(including property tax which is a tax on ownership of the Property) to HTN’s
Family and did not involve herself in such matters. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS at para 392.

In relation to the second and third elements, the defendants submitted that
HTN’s Family, in reliance of the above representation by the plaintiff,
incurred significant costs in relation to the Property. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at para 393.

79 I disagreed with that submission. First, while silence may amount to a
representation, this finding will not be made so readily and will be assessed
by reference to how a reasonable person would view the silence in the
circumstances (see the Court of Appeal decision of Broadley Construction Pte
Ltd v Alacran Design Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 110 at [28]). Here, it did not
follow that HTN’s Family’s occupancy of the Property amounted to a
representation that they were the beneficial owners of it. Indeed, people may
live in a property for various reasons, including out of the owner’s goodwill
and beneficence. It cannot be that the mere fact of living in a property, even
for a long period, is always evidence of beneficial ownership. Accordingly, I
did not on the evidence find that there was a representation by the plaintiff
in the substance of what the defendants suggested.

80 The lack of a representation was sufficient for me to dismiss the
defendants’ counterclaim. However, I agreed with the plaintiff that the
defendants have failed to produce sufficient evidence to show (a) which
member(s) of HTN’s Family paid for those outgoings and expenses; and (b) what
the exact quantum of expenses incurred were. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 238.

As the defendants failed to prove their loss, this meant that the second and
third elements of proprietary estoppel (ie, detrimental reliance) were not
made out either.

81 In the premises, I dismissed the defendants’ counterclaim in its entirety.

Decision on costs

82 In respect of costs, I fixed costs and ordered that the defendants be
jointly and severally liable to the plaintiff for the sum of $360,000 and for
disbursements in the sum of $123,019.17, before the addition of Goods and
Services Tax (“GST”) at the rate of 8% and the usual interest of 5.33% per
annum. The parties did not dispute that the defendants are liable to pay costs
and disbursements to the plaintiffs but disputed over the quantum payable. I
will deal with party-to-party costs and reasonable disbursements separately.
Thereafter, I will address the issue of the applicable GST rate that was
raised by the defendants.

Party-to-party costs

83 As regards the party-to-party costs for which the defendants were liable,
the plaintiffs submitted that the sum of $415,500 (excluding GST and interest)
would be appropriate, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Costs Submissions dated 16 February 2023 (“PCoS”) at para 26.

whereas the defendants argued that a much lower sum of $160,000 (excluding GST
and interest) should be payable. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendants’ Reply Costs Submissions dated 14 March 2023 (“DRCoS”) at para 41.

In my view, the plaintiff was entitled to party-to-party costs of $360,000.

The full costs of the plaintiff’s successful claim of $13,411 against the
first defendant should be awarded

84 As a preliminary matter, and contrary to the defendants’ submissions, I was
of the view that the full costs of the plaintiff’s successful claim of $13,411
against the first defendant should be awarded, applying the trite principle of
costs following the event. Against this conclusion, the defendants argued,
relying on CCM Industrial Pte Ltd v Uniquetech Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 20,
that the defendants had made the plaintiff an Offer to Settle (“OTS”), and
that the judgment entered in her favour was not more favourable than the OTS.
Therefore, the defendants argued that they should be awarded indemnity costs
or that alternatively the plaintiff should not be awarded full costs in
respect of her successful claim for $13,411 against the first defendant. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendants’ Costs Submissions dated 2 March 2023 (“DCoS”) at paras 3–11.

85 However, I saw no reason to depart from the general position in this case.
Although the sum offered to the plaintiff in the OTS was $13,411.41, I agreed
with the plaintiff that it was more favourable for her to obtain the judgment
sum as compared to the OTS. To begin with, O 22A r 9(4)(a) of the Rules of
Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”) provides that “[a]ny interest awarded in
respect of the period before service of the offer to settle is to be
considered by the Court in determining whether the plaintiff’s judgment is
more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle”. In this regard, the
only term of the OTS offered by the first defendant was the sum of $13,411.41,
with the OTS being made three months before the trial. No interest was offered
in the OTS. Even if the plaintiff had accepted the OTS, the prevailing
interest rate at that time was low and ranged from 0.35% to 1.74% per annum.
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PRCoS at para 8.

By contrast, I awarded the plaintiff $13,411 plus interest thereon at the rate
of 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ (ie, 30 November 2020) to the
date of judgment (ie, 30 January 2023), which was about two and a half years
of higher interest. It was therefore clear that the judgment sum was more
favourable to the plaintiff than the OTS.

The plaintiff’s global claim for party-to-party costs was partially granted

86 I turn now to the issue of the quantum of party-to-party costs to be
awarded. This was derived from an assessment of the costs of pre-trial, trial,
and post-work with reference to Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions 2013 (“Appendix G”).

87 As for pre-trial work, Appendix G provides for costs in the range between
$25,000 and $90,000. In the present case, the plaintiff had submitted that she
should be entitled to costs of $217,500. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PRCoS at para 30.

While I agreed with the plaintiff that a higher amount was justified because
of the extensive pre-trial work required in identifying the various causes of
action, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCoS at para 16.

assessing the evidence of the various expert witnesses, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCoS at paras 17–18.

and preparing the voluminous number of affidavits, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCoS at para 22.

this sum nevertheless greatly exceeded the recommended range provided for in
Appendix G. I therefore adjusted this figure downwards, considering that the
plaintiff’s efforts in canvassing the detailed family history of the
plaintiff, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PCoS at para 20.

while tangentially relevant, was not strictly necessary. I also took into
account the plaintiff’s admission that the sum of $4,000 should be reduced
from the overall quantum of the plaintiff’s claim for pre-trial costs. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PRCoS at para 33.

In light of these considerations, I awarded $162,000 to the plaintiff as pre-
trial costs.

88 Nevertheless, given the moderate to high complexity of this matter, with
much evidence going towards the mental capacity of the plaintiff, I was of the
view that the party-to-party costs claimed by the plaintiff in respect of
trial and post-trial work were reasonable, which were $168,000 and $30,000,
and allowed it accordingly. This gave rise to a global figure of $360,000 in
respect of party-to-party costs.

89 In this regard, the defendants submitted that the plaintiff should not be
awarded more than half her costs. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DRCoS at para 29.

I also did not think that the principles in Comfort Management Pte Ltd v OGSP
Engineering Pte Ltd and another [2022] 5 SLR 525 that were relied upon by the
defendants were applicable in the present case. In this regard, the High Court
had held that a “Type I Order”, which deprives the successful party of the
right to recover all or part of his costs from the unsuccessful party, would
be justified under O 59 r 6A of the ROC 2014 when (a) the successful party
failed to establish a discrete claim or issue which he raised in the
litigation; and (b) he thereby unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted or
added to the costs or complexity of the litigation.

90 While the defendants contended that the plaintiff’s other arguments on
undue influence and unconscionability failed, I did not think that these were
discrete issues from the issue of mistake on which the plaintiff succeeded.
Indeed, while the facts required to establish these issues did not fully
overlap with the issue of mistake, there was nevertheless still some overlap,
and all these issues could be said to broadly arise from the same factual
background. Specifically, I agreed with the plaintiff that the lack of
intention on the plaintiff’s part to make an inter vivos gift to the second
defendant would have been a relevant consideration to the issues of undue
influence and unconscionability, notwithstanding that these vitiating factors
were not made out. Furthermore, I did not agree with the defendants that these
issues were unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted or added to the costs or
complexity of the litigation. In the course of the proceedings, the evidence
mainly centred on the mental capacity, and indeed mental state, of the
plaintiff when she executed the Transfer and the 2016 Will on 2 December 2016.
These were questions that would have to be canvassed in any event to establish
the ground of mistake. Accordingly, I did not find any reason to make a “Type
I Order” to reduce the costs awarded to the plaintiff.

Reasonable disbursements

91 I turn now to the quantum of reasonable disbursements that were awarded to
the plaintiff. The plaintiff submitted that she should be entitled to
$132,335.26 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCoS at p 27.

while the defendants submitted that $73,817.44, being the costs of the medical
reports, should be deducted from the claimed sum as the defendants contended
that the court did not derive any assistance from the testimony of the various
doctors. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

DRCoS at para 45.

Alternatively, the defendants submitted that $9,316.09 should be deducted from
the claimed sum as they took objection with several aspects of the plaintiff’s
list of claimed disbursements. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DRCoS at paras 46–47.

92 I was not persuaded by the defendants’ submission that the costs of the
medical reports should be deducted from the disbursements awarded. In my view,
the medical reports were still tangentially relevant to the issue of mistake
on which the plaintiff succeeded. It was helpful, in my view, that the mental
state of the plaintiff – including her mental capacity – was ascertained for
the purposes of these proceedings. While I ultimately did not go as far as to
find that the plaintiff lacked mental capacity, the finding of mistake was
still tangentially relevant to the issue of mental capacity. If the plaintiff
lacked mental capacity when she executed the Transfer, then the issue of
mistake would not have arisen. It was only after it was found that the
plaintiff had mental capacity that I could conclude that the plaintiff was
under a mistaken belief when she executed the Transfer. It was for this reason
that I regarded the medical reports as being relevant and of assistance to
some extent.

93 I was however persuaded by the defendants that certain items of medical
expenses claimed by the plaintiff amounting to $9,316.09 should not be
awarded. While I do not intend to exhaustively list out the individual items
that the defendants took objection with, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DRCoS at para 46.

it suffices for me to say that I agreed with their objections that the medical
expenses claimed were irrelevant to the medical reports relied upon in the
evidence or that they were incurred for purposes unrelated to the proceedings.
There was therefore no basis to award those expenses in the form of
disbursements.

94 Accordingly, deducting $9,316.09 from the sum of $132,335.26 originally
claimed, I awarded $123,019.17 to the plaintiff as reasonable disbursements.

The applicable rate of interest and GST

95 Finally, I turn to the rate of GST that is applicable to both the party-to-
party costs and reasonable disbursements awarded in the present case. I
disagreed with the defendants that the applicable rate for some of the items
should be 7% and not the prevailing rate of 8% at the time of the costs order
dated 12 May 2023. The defendants’ argument in this regard was that all the
work would have been done before 1 January 2023, when the rate of GST was
increased from 7% to 8%. However, the date on which the work underlying the
claim for reasonable disbursements was actually supplied was irrelevant. What
mattered for the purposes of GST was the date on which the costs order was
made. This was after 1 January 2023 and hence fell within the higher GST rate
of 8% (see, for eg, the Court of Appeal’s observation in Lock Han Chng
Jonathan (Jonathan Luo Hancheng) v Goh Jessiline [2008] 2 SLR(R) 455 at [19]).

96 I also awarded the interest at the usual rate of 5.33% per annum as there
was no reason to depart from the norm.

Conclusion

97 In conclusion, having found that the Transfer was made under a mistake, I
ordered the cancellation of the registration of the Transfer as well as the
rectification of the land-register to reflect the plaintiff’s continued
ownership over the Property. I also ordered that the sum of $13,411 be
returned to the plaintiff, with interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of
the writ (ie, 30 November 2020) to the date of judgment (ie, 30 January 2023).
I also ordered the defendants to pay the plaintiff party-to-party costs in the
sum of $360,000 and reasonable disbursements in the sum of $123,019.17, with
GST at the rate of 8% and the usual interest of 5.33% per annum.

98 I further gave liberty to apply in terms of effecting the court’s decision
in case any further issues were to arise with respect to the land-register.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Ranvir Kumar Singh (UniLegal LLC) and Ong Eng Tuan Eben (Loh Eben Ong LLP) for
the plaintiff;

Ng Hui Min and Mok Zi Cong (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Nov 2023 (12:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

