Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 81

Suit No 108 of 2021

Between

| Tan Tien Sek  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Tan Tien Sai  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract — Contractual terms — Oral agreement]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Parol evidence rule]

[Contract — Intention to create legal relations — Sham]

[Contract — Consideration — Failure of consideration]

[Contract — Formalities — Evidenced in writing — Part performance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Tien Sek

  
v

  

Tan Tien Sai

[2023] SGHC 81

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 108 of 2021  
Teh Hwee Hwee JC  
19–21, 25–28 October, 27 December 2022

31 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Teh Hwee Hwee JC:

1 The present case involves a dispute between two brothers and a property at
One Tree Hill (the “Property”) that was gifted to them more than four decades
ago by their late father, in the proportion of 10% to the plaintiff and 90% to
the defendant. The plaintiff transferred his 10% share (the “One-Tenth Share”)
to the defendant in 2000 by executing three documents: (a) a sale and purchase
agreement dated 10 May 2000 (the “SPA”); (b) a statutory declaration dated 11
May 2000 (the “Statutory Declaration”); and (c) a transfer document dated 6
July 2000 (the “Transfer Document”) (collectively, the “Written Documents”).
The plaintiff now claims that the reason he executed the Written Documents in
2000 was because prior to the execution of those documents, the defendant had
given the plaintiff an oral undertaking that if the plaintiff transfers the
One-Tenth Share, the defendant will pay the plaintiff the monetary value of
the One-Tenth Share once the Property is sold (the “Oral Undertaking”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 8 October 2021 (“SOC (Amendment No.
2)”) at para 7(c) (Set Down Bundle (“SDB”) at p 62).

The Property was sold some 17 years later, in or around 2017. The plaintiff
now sues for 10% of the sale proceeds based on the alleged Oral Undertaking.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff is the eldest and the defendant is the youngest of three
brothers. During these proceedings, the plaintiff called on three of his other
siblings to give evidence – his two sisters, Ms Tan Sook Har and Ms Tan Seok
Phin, and his half-sister, Ms Tan Bee Lee. The parties’ father, the late Mr
Tan Teck Lye (“TTL”), who passed away on 18 September 2020, had a second wife,
the late Mdm Ting Seok Hien (“Mdm Ting”). Mdm Ting was the biological mother
of Ms Tan Bee Lee but not the parties. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at paras 5–6 (Bundle of Affidavits-of-Evidence-in-Chief
(“BAEIC”) at p 5); Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at paras 1.2.1–1.2.3 (BAEIC at pp
84–85); Tan Sook Har’s AEIC at paras 1–2 (BAEIC at p 30); Tan Seok Phin’s AEIC
at paras 1–2 (BAEIC at p 34); Tan Bee Lee’s AEIC at paras 1–2 (BAEIC at p 38).

The allocation of properties

3 Sometime around 1976, TTL divided his three properties by way of ballot
among his three sons, namely, the plaintiff, the defendant and Mr Tan Hian
Chye. The properties were located at:

(a) One Tree Hill (ie, the Property);

(b) Guillemard Road (the “Guillemard Property”); and

(c) Jalan Sedap (the “Jalan Sedap Property”).

It is undisputed that pursuant to the ballot, the plaintiff was allocated the
Guillemard Property, Mr Tan Hian Chye was allocated the Jalan Sedap Property
and the defendant was allocated the Property. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at paras 8–9 (BAEIC at pp 5-–6); Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at
paras 2.1.2–2.1.3 (BAEIC at pp 87–88).

4 It is also undisputed that on 18 January 1977, TTL gifted the Property to
the parties in the proportion of 10% to the plaintiff (ie, the One-Tenth
Share) and 90% to the defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 11 (BAEIC at p 6); Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at para
1.3.3 and pp 35–37 (BAEIC at pp 85 and 118–120).

The transfer was registered on 6 April 1977. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 11 (BAEIC at p 6); Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at para
1.3.3 (BAEIC at p 85).

The parties give different explanations for the plaintiff’s One-Tenth Share in
the Property. According to the plaintiff, TTL decided of his own volition to
give the plaintiff the One-Tenth Share because TTL was a “very traditional
man” who felt that the Guillemard Property was not a fair allocation for his
eldest son, since it was of lower value than the Property. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 10 (BAEIC at p 6).

According to the defendant, the plaintiff demanded an exchange with the
defendant immediately after the ballot. The defendant was, at the time,
agreeable to the exchange, but Mdm Ting objected, stating that he was too
young to make that decision and that the sons should abide by the ballot
results. TTL supported Mdm Ting, and the exchange was not made, but the
defendant subsequently found out that TTL had transferred nine-tenth share of
the Property to the defendant and the One-Tenth Share to the plaintiff. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at paras 2.1.4 and 2.1.5 (BAEIC at pp 88–89).

The transfer of the One-Tenth Share

5 As earlier mentioned at [1], in 2000, the plaintiff executed the Written
Documents to effect the transfer of his One-Tenth Share to the defendant. It
is recorded in the SPA dated 10 May 2000 that the plaintiff’s One-Tenth Share
was transferred to the defendant in exchange for S$320,000. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at pp 31–33 (BAEIC at pp 114–116).

The plaintiff also signed the Statutory Declaration dated 11 May 2000, which
records the disposal of the One-Tenth Share by the plaintiff and the
corresponding acquisition of it by the defendant for a sale price of
S$320,000, along with the plaintiff’s “solemn declaration conscientiously
believing the same to be true”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at pp 55–56 (BAEIC at pp 138–139).

Finally, the plaintiff also signed the Transfer Document dated 6 July 2000,
which records the plaintiff’s acknowledgment of receipt of S$320,000 for the
transfer of the One-Tenth Share. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at pp 61–63 (BAEIC at pp 144–146).

The defendant became the sole legal owner of the Property on 28 July 2000. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at para 3.2.6 and pp 61–64 (BAEIC at pp 93 and 144–147).

6 The plaintiff pleads that when the parties signed the Written Documents,
they “did not intend to create the legal relations that the Written Documents
gave the impression of creating” and the Written Documents are a sham. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 8 (SDB at p 63).

Further, the plaintiff states that he never received the stipulated
consideration of S$320,000. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 26 (BAEIC at p 9).

In fact, the plaintiff pleads that he was never paid anything for the
transfer. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 8(f) (SDB at p 64).

Instead, he transferred his One-Tenth Share pursuant to the Written Documents
in reliance on the alleged Oral Undertaking. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 5 December 2022 (“PCS”) at para 9.

According to the plaintiff, sometime in late 1999 or early 2000, the defendant
called the plaintiff, said that he was in deep financial trouble and requested
that the plaintiff transfer the One-Tenth Share, to enable the defendant to
refinance his bank loan and/or obtain a bigger bank loan. The plaintiff sought
TTL’s blessing, following which TTL spoke to the brothers. The defendant gave
the alleged Oral Undertaking to TTL and the plaintiff. It was only upon the
defendant’s said undertaking that the plaintiff agreed to transfer his One-
Tenth Share. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 7 (SDB at pp 62–63).

Additionally, despite the Written Documents recording various dates on which
they were signed, the plaintiff claims that he visited M/s Lim & Lim only once
on 10 May 2000 to sign all the Written Documents. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 8(e) (SDB at p 64).

7 The plaintiff also highlights that the defendant had previously mortgaged
the Property on several occasions, in support of his case that the defendant
sought the transfer because he was in financial difficulty:

(a) On 20 October 1988, the defendant mortgaged his share in the Property (the
“1988 Mortgage”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) dated 11 February 2022 (“Defence (Amendment No. 3)”)
at para 8 (SDB at p 93); Reply to Defence (Amendment No. 3) dated 25 February
2022 (“Reply to Defence (Amendment No. 3)”) at para 9 (SDB at p 115).

(b) On 7 July 2000, after the transfer, the defendant mortgaged the Property.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 10(a) (SDB at p 65).

(c) On 5 April 2002, the defendant further mortgaged the Property. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 10(a) (SDB at p 65).

8 The defendant disputes the plaintiff’s version of events. The defendant
pleads that sometime in or around early 2000, TTL requested that the plaintiff
transfer his One-Tenth Share to the defendant. The defendant’s position is
that the plaintiff was paid by TTL, but the defendant is not aware of when and
how this payment was made. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) at paras 9 and 10(b) (SDB at pp 93–94); Tan Tien
Sai’s AEIC at para 3.3.3 (BAEIC at pp 94–95).

The defendant further pleads that sometime in or around May 2000 to July 2000,
TTL orally informed him that TTL had paid the plaintiff, on behalf of the
defendant, for the transfer of the plaintiff’s One-Tenth Share, and that the
sale of the plaintiff’s One-Tenth Share to the defendant had been completed.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 11 (SDB at p 95).

On the stand, the defendant gave evidence that from as early as 1995, TTL told
the defendant that he had paid the plaintiff for the One-Tenth Share. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

27 Oct NE at p 10, line 10 to p 12, line 6.

According to Mdm Ke Xuerong (“Mdm Ke”), the wife of the parties’ half-brother,
the late Mr Tan Tien Guan, who was called by the defendant to give evidence,
TTL mentioned to her in or around 1997 or 1998 that TTL had paid the plaintiff
the market price of his One-Tenth Share. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ke Xuerong’s AEIC at para 2.1.7 (BAEIC at p 63).

Sale of the Property

9 The defendant eventually sold the Property. According to the defendant, he
sold the Property on or around 15 December 2017. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 26 (SDB at p 98).

While the plaintiff pleads that the sale of the Property was on or around 19
April 2018, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 10(b) (SDB at p 65); Reply to Defence (Amendment
No. 3) at para 16 (SDB at p 116).

on the stand, he appeared to accept that the sale took place in late 2017. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

26 Oct NE at p 7, lines 10–12.

The plaintiff claims that the defendant sold the Property for approximately
S$9 to 9.3m. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 10(b) (SDB at p 65).

Events prior to TTL’s passing

Ms Tan Bee Lee’s conversation with TTL

10 According to the plaintiff and Ms Tan Bee Lee, the latter visited TTL on 17
April 2019. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17 (SDB at p 67); Tan Bee Lee’s
AEIC at para 5 (BAEIC at p 39).

During the visit, TTL and Ms Tan Bee Lee discussed the sale of the Property.
According to Ms Tan Bee Lee, TTL said that the defendant had sold the Property
for S$9.3m, “complained” that the defendant did not pay the plaintiff for the
latter’s share in the property and said that the defendant “must pay” the
plaintiff S$930,000, being the plaintiff’s 10% share in the property. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Tan Bee Lee’s AEIC at para 6 (BAEIC at p 39).

Ms Tan Bee Lee recorded the conversation, which was in Hokkien. She produced
the recording as part of her evidence (the “Audio Recording”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Tan Bee Lee’s AEIC at para 7 and p 5 (BAEIC at pp 39 and 42).

The plaintiff and defendant each produced a translated transcript of the Audio
Recording (the “plaintiff’s Transcript” produced by the “plaintiff’s
transcriber” and the “defendant’s Transcript” produced by the “defendant’s
transcriber” respectively). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

BAEIC at p 59 (plaintiff’s Transcript) and pp 81–82 (defendant’s Transcript).

The meetings between the plaintiff and the defendant

11 To support his position that he is owed payment of the monetary value of
his One-Tenth Share in the Property, the plaintiff cites three separate
instances when he had met with the defendant, in the years immediately prior
to TTL’s passing:

(a) The plaintiff describes a previous occasion on which he had helped the
defendant out, to illustrate the point that he would help out when called upon
to do so. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

25 Oct NE at p 123, line 6 to p 125, line 5.

According to the plaintiff, on or around 10 April 2017, the defendant called
the plaintiff to request S$2,000 urgently. The brothers met at Parkway Parade,
where the plaintiff gave the defendant S$2,800. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 16 (BAEIC at p 7).

(b) The plaintiff also refers to two separate occasions on which he had
demanded the monetary value of his One-Tenth Share from the defendant:

(i) On or around July 2019, the plaintiff, the defendant and Mr Tan Hian Chye
accompanied TTL to a lawyer’s office for matters relating to TTL’s will. The
four had lunch at Chinatown Point. During lunch, the plaintiff asked the
defendant to return the monetary value of his One-Tenth Share (the “Chinatown
Point Meeting”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 10(c)(i) (SDB at p 65).

The defendant admits that the parties and Mr Tan Hian Chye accompanied TTL, as
the plaintiff pleads, but denies that the plaintiff had made the said demand.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) at paras 28–28B (SDB at p 98).

(ii) On 12 January 2021, the defendant met the plaintiff at People’s Park
Centre to discuss TTL’s probate. During the discussion, the plaintiff raised
the issue of the monetary value of his One-Tenth Share. The defendant said the
plaintiff had no such entitlement. The defendant then left and informed the
plaintiff that he would meet the latter the following day at People’s Park
Centre, but subsequently did not show up. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 10(c)(ii) (SDB at p 65).

The defendant disputes this. According to the defendant, on 12 January 2021,
he met the plaintiff at People’s Park Centre to hand over mail that he had
retrieved from the mailbox of one of the units at People’s Park Centre that
TTL owned. The plaintiff said to the defendant, in Hokkien, “[w]e are checking
on [TTL’s] CPF … I am going to sue you”. The defendant reminded the plaintiff
that the One-Tenth Share had already been sold to the defendant and that TTL
had paid S$320,000. According to the defendant, he asked the plaintiff to
confirm that he had received payment from TTL but the plaintiff neither
responded to nor denied what the defendant had said. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 29 (SDB at pp 98–99).

12 On 29 January 2021, the plaintiff commenced the present action against the
defendant, claiming, in the main, the payment of the monetary value of his
One-Tenth Share in the Property. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2) at prayer b (SDB at p 68).

The parties’ cases

13 The plaintiff’s case is premised on the alleged Oral Undertaking, pursuant
to which the defendant allegedly promised to pay the monetary value of the
One-Tenth share upon the sale of the Property. The plaintiff contends that the
Written Documents do not reflect the true arrangement between the parties as
there was no intention to create the legal relations that the Written
Documents gave the impression of creating. The plaintiff also did not receive
S$320,000 or any other amount from the defendant or from TTL for the transfer
of the One-Tenth Share. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS at paras 6–14; SOC (Amendment No. 2) at para 8 (SDB at pp 63–64).

I note that the plaintiff does not challenge the validity of the transfer of
his One-Tenth Share. Neither does he ask for the transaction to be set aside.
Indeed, the plaintiff’s claim appears to depend on the validity of the
transfer of his One-Tenth Share in 2000, which forms the basis for the alleged
Oral Undertaking that he now seeks to enforce. All the plaintiff seeks before
this court is to be paid pursuant to the alleged Oral Undertaking, despite the
documentary evidence showing that he was already paid for the transfer. The
plaintiff’s assertions regarding the absence of an intention to create legal
relations, and of the lack of payment or consideration for his transfer of his
One-Tenth Share in 2000, must therefore be considered in this context.

14 The defendant’s defence is that the consideration for the plaintiff’s
transfer of his One-Tenth Share to the defendant was already pre-paid by TTL
on the defendant’s behalf, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at para 3.3.2 (BAEIC at p 94).

based on what the defendant was told by TTL, and there was no Oral Undertaking
as alleged by the plaintiff. The defendant also argues that all evidence of
the alleged Oral Undertaking, insofar as it contradicts the SPA, is
inadmissible by virtue of the parol evidence rule, as embodied in ss 93 and 94
of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “EA”). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 5 December 2022 (“DCS”) at para 4.1.1.

Finally, the defendant contends that the alleged Oral Undertaking is
unenforceable pursuant to s 6(d) of the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“CLA”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCS at para 1.2.1(d).

Issues to be determined

15 The issues to be determined are as follows:

(a) whether the alleged Oral Undertaking, if proven, is enforceable, having
regard to s 6(d) of the CLA and the doctrine of part performance;

(b) whether there was an Oral Undertaking as alleged by the plaintiff; and

(c) whether the Written Documents are a sham.

Whether the alleged Oral Undertaking, if proven, is enforceable

16 I begin by considering the threshold issue, which is whether the alleged
Oral Undertaking, if proven, is enforceable. In my judgment, even if the Oral
Undertaking as alleged by the plaintiff indeed exists, it will nonetheless
offend s 6(d) of the CLA and be unenforceable. The plaintiff has also failed
to show that he is able to avail himself of the doctrine of part performance,
which is an exception to the requirements under s 6(d) of the CLA.

17 Section 6(d) of the CLA provides that:

No action shall be brought against any person upon any contract for the sale
or other disposition of immovable property, or any interest in such property,
unless the promise or agreement upon which such action is brought, or some
memorandum or note thereof, is in writing and signed by the party to be
charged therewith or some other person lawfully authorised by him.

18 The alleged Oral Undertaking involves a disposition of the plaintiff’s
interest in the Property, since it concerns the plaintiff’s transfer of his
One-Tenth Share to the defendant, allegedly in exchange for the monetary value
of that share upon the sale of the Property. There must, therefore, be at
least some memorandum or note signed by the defendant, evidencing the alleged
Oral Undertaking, in order for the alleged Oral Undertaking to be enforceable.
The plaintiff has produced no such memorandum or note. In fact, the plaintiff
accepts that the alleged Oral Undertaking is unenforceable under s 6(d) of the
CLA for being a contract for the sale or disposition of an interest in
immovable property that is not evidenced in writing. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PCS at para 143.

19 The plaintiff argues, however, that he is entitled to rely on the doctrine
of part performance as an exception to s 6(d) of the CLA. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at para 144.

He pleads that he “performed his part of the [Oral Undertaking] by signing the
[Written Documents] without receiving $320,000”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Reply to Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 11(a) (SDB at p 116).

In the plaintiff’s written submissions, it is not clear what the plaintiff
asserts as the part performance. It can only be presumed that the plaintiff
seeks to argue that his signing of the Written Documents and transfer of the
One-Tenth Share constitute the part performance.

20 There are two different standards which may be applied to determine whether
a promisee’s acts constitute sufficient part performance, and, as noted by the
courts in Hu Lee Impex Pte Ltd v Lim Aik Seng (trading as Tong Seng Vegetable
Trading [2013] 4 SLR 176 (“Hu Lee Impex”) at [25] and Pang Moh Yin Patricia
and another v Sim Kwai Meng [2021] SGHC 11 (“Patricia Pang”) at [96], the
Court of Appeal has not made a definitive pronouncement as to which of the two
standards should apply in Singapore. Under the two standards, as examined by
the court in Hu Lee Impex at [21]–[24], the plaintiff must show either:

(a) that the acts relied upon as part performance “unequivocally” point
towards the existence of a contract fitting the description of the oral
contract alleged to exist (ie, the standard in Elizabeth Maddison v John
Alderson (1883) 8 App Cas 467 (“Maddison”)); or

(b) that on an analysis of all the circumstances (but leaving aside evidence
of the purported oral contract), it is “more probably than not” that the acts
relied upon as part performance were done in reliance on the oral contract
alleged to exist (ie, the standard in Steadman v Steadman [1976] AC 536
(“Steadman”)).

21 The High Court in Hu Lee Impex, after an analysis of legal developments in
England and in Singapore, concluded at [33] that the approach in Maddison is
to be preferred to that in Steadman. In a more recent decision in Patricia
Pang, the General Division of the High Court set out the historical background
leading to the recognition of the doctrine of part performance as an exception
to the requirements under s 6(d) of the CLA in Singapore and considered the
application of the doctrine of part performance by both Singapore courts and
foreign courts. The court similarly concluded that the Maddison standard
should be applied (Patricia Pang at [114]–[115]). In this regard, I note that
the appeal from the decision in Patricia Pang was allowed in part by the
Appellate Division of the High Court in Sim Kwai Meng v Pang Moh Yin Patricia
and another [2022] SGHC(A) 1. The Appellate Division, however, did not comment
on the learned Judge’s conclusions on the doctrine of part performance, but
disposed of the appeal based on an unrelated point. The courts in Hu Lee Impex
and Patricia Pang made the following observations:

(a) There is a need to strike a balance between ensuring that the legislative
purpose of s 6(d) of the CLA is not defeated and that the doctrine of part
performance achieves its objective of thwarting unconscionable conduct in
exploiting the statute. The Maddison standard better strikes this balance
between the two competing considerations (Patricia Pang at [103], citing Hu
Lee Impex at [32]).

(b) The doctrine of part performance, under Lord Selborne’s rationalisation in
Maddison (at 475–476), only seeks to enforce the equities generated by a party
who has partially performed the alleged oral contract, and does not seek to
undermine the formality requirements imposed by statute by enforcing the oral
contract itself. The requirement of “unequivocal referability” in Maddison
specifies the appropriate threshold that a party’s equities must cross in
order to justify the enforcement of the same despite the non-compliance of the
contract with the requisite statutory formalities. This reason for preferring
the Maddison standard is aligned with the persuasive reasoning of the seven-
judge coram of the Australian High Court in Pipikos v Trayans [2019] 1 LRC 236
(“Pipikos”) at [47]–[49], [51]–[52], [54] and [65], which unanimously held
that the Maddison standard was preferred (Patricia Pang at [104]–[107]).

(c) The doctrine of part performance ought not to be regarded as a free-
wheeling creation of equity which can be moulded to deliver “palm-tree
justice” in an unprincipled manner. The requirement of “unequivocal
referability” in Maddison provides a principled limitation on the scope of the
doctrine (Patricia Pang at [107], citing Pipikos at [72]).

(d) Steadman is not entirely persuasive as an authority for overturning the
Maddison standard because the reasoning of the members of the coram in
Steadman was disparate, and none of their Lordships in Steadman suggested that
the decision involved a departure from the approach of Lord Selborne in
Maddison (Patricia Pang at [111], citing Pipikos at [67]–[70]).

(e) The doctrine of part performance was legislatively abolished under English
law due to the perceived uncertainty in the law created by the more relaxed
standard in Steadman. Under the Steadman standard, it was difficult to
discover, with acceptable certainty, prior to proceedings, whether a contract
will be found to be enforceable (Patricia Pang at [100]–[103], citing Hu Lee
Impex at [29]–[33]).

22 The paragraph above at [21] is but a brief summary of the observations and
detailed analyses undertaken by the learned Judges in Hu Lee Impex and
Patricia Pang. I am in agreement with the reasons given in those cases for
preferring the Maddison standard, and I gratefully adopt the same. For
completeness, it should be mentioned that the court in Liberty Sky Investments
Ltd v Goh Seng Heng and another [2019] SGHC 40 (“Liberty Sky”), which was
referred to in Patricia Pang at [97], also applied the Maddison standard
(Liberty Sky at [65]).

23 The plaintiff relies on Hu Lee Impex “[i]n addressing the requirements for
the doctrine of part performance to apply in Singapore”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at para 138.

The plaintiff appears to suggest in his submissions that the court in Hu Lee
Impex held that the Steadman standard applied, by reproducing quotes from [24]
and [31] of Hu Lee Impex. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS at paras 139–140. While the PCS at para 140 refers to [26] of Hu Lee
Impex, the quotation reproduced in that paragraph of the closing submissions
is found at [24] of Hu Lee Impex.

This submission is incorrect, as the court’s final view that the Maddison
standard is to be preferred over the Steadman standard is stated later at [33]
of Hu Lee Impex. At [24] and [31] of Hu Lee Impex, the court was only
presenting the various views that had been expressed concerning the doctrine
of part performance, and the court did not endorse those views. Indeed, at the
later part of [31], in a portion of that paragraph that was not reproduced in
the plaintiff’s closing submissions, the court in Hu Lee Impex departed from
the view expressed in The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon
Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at paragraph 08.164, which was in the
portion of [31] that was reproduced in the plaintiff’s closing submissions.
Specifically, the court noted that the learned contributors did not take
cognisance of the fact that Steadman no longer represents the position in
English law and that Steadman was the impetus for the abolition of the
doctrine of part performance under English law.

24 As was held in Hu Lee Impex at [34(b)], “the doctrine of part performance
requires evidence of acts which manifestly speak for themselves [and]
[c]ontested evidence of what allegedly transpired at a meeting is manifestly
inadequate to cross the hurdle of unequivocality” [emphasis in original]. In
this regard, the court is required to disregard the alleged oral agreement (Hu
Lee Impex at [34(c)]). Applying the Maddison standard to the facts of this
case, I find that there is nothing in the plaintiff’s signing of the Written
Documents and transfer of the One-Tenth Share that unequivocally, and in their
own nature, point towards the existence of the alleged Oral Undertaking. On
the contrary, the Written Documents themselves, on their face, provide an
explanation for the plaintiff’s transfer of his One-Tenth Share of the
Property to the defendant: the Written Documents state that the transfer of
the One-Tenth Share was done in exchange for consideration of S$320,000.

25 The plaintiff also relies on Joseph Mathew and another v Singh Chiranjeev
and another [2010] 1 SLR 338 (“Singh Chiranjeev (CA)”) and Singh Chiranjeev
and another v Joseph Mathew and others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 73 (“Singh Chiranjeev
(HC)”) in support of his invocation of the doctrine of part performance. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at paras 135–137.

In both Singh Chiranjeev (CA) and Singh Chiranjeev (HC), it was held that the
requirements in s 6(d) of the CLA were satisfied on the facts (Singh
Chiranjeev (CA) at [41]–[46] and Singh Chiranjeev (HC) at [38]). The High
Court had also found, assuming arguendo that s 6(d) of the CLA was not
complied with, that there was part performance of a contract for the sale of a
condominium unit by the defendants to the plaintiffs for the sale price of
S$506,000. As noted by the court at [39]–[40], the part performance was the
payment of 1% of the sale price and acceptance of the same, evidenced by a
cheque for S$5,060 (on the back of which the full address of the condominium
unit was spelt out) issued by the first plaintiff and receipt of that sum by
the first defendant. There, the draft option stated that it was to be granted
in consideration of the sum of $5,060 paid by the purchaser as the option
money. In the circumstances of Singh Chiranjeev (CA) and Singh Chiranjeev
(HC), the acts of payment and receipt of the S$5,060 were found to be acts
“referable to the [oral] contract to sell the [p]roperty and there was thus
part performance” (Singh Chiranjeev (HC) at [39]−[40], as reproduced and
endorsed in Singh Chiranjeev (CA) at [63]–[64]). It can further be seen that
the evidence before the courts in Singh Chiranjeev (CA) and Singh Chiranjeev
(HC) was also unequivocal that the acts were done in reliance on the oral
contract for the sale of the condominium unit. For the reasons stated above at
[24], the present facts are very different from those in Singh Chiranjeev (CA)
and Singh Chiranjeev (HC), and the fact that the plaintiff signed the Written
Documents and transferred his One-Tenth Share to the defendant does not tend
to unequivocally show that the plaintiff had done so because he relied on the
alleged Oral Undertaking.

26 For completeness, I note that even if the Steadman standard was applied,
the plaintiff would have failed to show that it is met. As may be seen below,
in the context of analysing the evidence vis-à-vis whether there was an Oral
Undertaking and whether the Written Documents are a sham, the allegations of
the plaintiff concerning the circumstances surrounding the signing of the
Written Documents are vigorously contested, and the plaintiff’s evidence is
manifestly inadequate to show that the Written Documents were executed in
reliance on any oral agreement. Thus, on an analysis of all the circumstances
(but leaving aside evidence of the Oral Undertaking), it is not more probable
than not that the Written Documents were executed in reliance on any oral
agreement.

27 The plaintiff therefore cannot rely on the doctrine of part performance to
overcome the unenforceability of the alleged Oral Undertaking under s 6(d) of
the CLA. The claim of the plaintiff must fail since the alleged Oral
Undertaking, even if proven, will be unenforceable.

28 In any event, I find, on the evidence, that the plaintiff has not proven on
a balance of probabilities that the defendant gave him the Oral Undertaking as
alleged. It is to this that I now turn.

Whether there was an Oral Undertaking as alleged by the plaintiff

29 According to the plaintiff, there was (a) a phone call between himself and
the defendant, during which the defendant sought his help and asked for the
transfer of his One-Tenth Share; (b) a conversation with TTL to seek TTL’s
blessing for the transfer; (c) communications between himself, the defendant,
and TTL, pursuant to which the alleged Oral Undertaking was given. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at paras 18–19 (BAEIC at pp 7–8).

In support of this narrative, the plaintiff attempts to show that the
defendant was facing financial difficulties in or around 2000 and that there
were two instances when the plaintiff had demanded payment from the defendant
(see [11] above). However, I note that most of these contentions are bare
assertions by the plaintiff that the defendant does not admit to and in
respect of which the plaintiff is unable to adduce any evidence.

30 To prove the alleged Oral Undertaking, the plaintiff relies on the
following pieces of evidence: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at paras 41 and 68.

(a) the Audio Recording; and

(b) the evidence of Ms Tan Sook Har, Ms Tan Seok Phin and Ms Tan Bee Lee.

The Audio Recording

31 The Audio Recording is one minute and 55 seconds long and records a
conversation between Ms Tan Bee Lee and TTL. The pair can be heard conversing
in Hokkien.

The Transcriptions

32 In the recording, the following terms are used: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at para 4.3.8 (BAEIC at p 102); 27 Oct NE at p 78, lines
1–15.

(a) “Xiao Tiao” is the plaintiff’s nickname, and “the younger one” refers to
the nickname “Xiao Tiao”. It does not refer to the defendant although the
defendant is in fact the younger sibling.

(b) “O Yi” or “Orh Yee” refers to the defendant.

(c) “Ah Sim” refers to the defendant’s wife.

33 The plaintiff’s Transcript records the conversation as follows: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

BAEIC at p 59.

0:00 Woman: I am saying Ah Sim leh, because she, I told her to come, she is
not free to come, she’s embarrassed, she’s embarrassed.

0:09 Man: Who?

0:10 Woman: Ah Sim.

0:11 Man: What did she say?

0:12 Woman: Ah. And to say, I say she is embarrassed lah hor? Oh, maybe it’s
because of this issue lor. Is it?

0:21 Man: Don’t bother about her.

0:23 Woman: Oh … Then did you tell O Yi already lah, until then he return him,
or if don’t return him leh, he will deduct la, is it?

0:29 Man: Then I, if is from I here return him … (inaudible) … See if he wants
to deduct or not. If he doesn’t return him, then deduct from his [share,
company, account, etc] … (inaudible) …

0:40 Woman: Oh …

0:41 Man: O Yi say want to return him.

0:42 Woman: O Yi say want to return him la? Oh … 10% want to return him la?

Man: Ah Sim (inaudible).

0:49 Woman: Oh, like that har? Good la. Mmm mmm mmm. In that case, it means
10% la hor? Mmmm.

0:57 Man: Yeah, 10%. It’s 9.3 million, so deduct 930 thousand.

…

1:18 Man: If let’s say I have previously (inaudible), I … (inaudible) … Let
see if Xiao Tiao wants. If he wants, by then, O Yi said want to return him. If
no return, this here say share, they three of them share. Deduct. This is also
good la.

[emphasis added]

34 The defendant’s Transcript reads as follows: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

BAEIC at pp 81–82.

0:00 Lady: I was saying that Ah Sim, I told her that she should come but she
said that she is not free.

0:06 Man: Ah.

Lady: Oh, she feels embarrassed.

0:08 Lady: She is embarrassed.

0:09 Man: Who?

0:10 Lady: Ah Sim.

0:11 Man: What did she say?

0:12 Lady: She said that she is not free to come.

0:13 Man: (inaudible)

0:14 Lady: So, I said, she is embarrassed, perhaps it was due to this matter.
Is that so?

0:22 Man: You don’t have to care about her.

0:25 Lady: Oh, so you had spoken to Orh Yee that he has to pay him when the
time comes. else he can deduct it, is that so?

0:29 Man: But I have paid him from my side …

0:31 See if he still wants to deduct or not. If he did not pay him and he
still wants to deduct, then deduct from Orh Yee’s share.

0:41 But Orh Yee said that he wants to pay him.

0:42 Lady: Orh Yee said that he wants to pay him.

0:44 10%, to pay him.

0:47 Man: Ah Sim said (inaudible).

0:48 Lady: Oh, I see. Alright.

0:52 So, it is 10% in this case?

0:57 Man: 10%.

9.3 million is 930,000.

…

1:18 Man: I have already paid him the previous time … (inaudible). See if the
younger one wants to or not. If he wants, by then, if Orh Yee wants to pay
him. If he does not pay him, there is still a share among the three of them
for deduction. This will also work.

[emphasis added]

35 There are four main points that may be noted from the Audio Recording.
First, TTL said that he had already paid the plaintiff. Second, it was for the
plaintiff to decide if he wishes to receive a payment that was the subject of
the conversation. Third, the defendant had purportedly said that he “want[ed]”
to pay the plaintiff. Fourth, a deduction could be made from the defendant’s
share in TTL’s estate should the plaintiff opt for the payment, but the
defendant does not make the payment to the plaintiff. TTL thought that it
would be “good”, or it would “also work”, if a deduction is made from TTL’s
estate. I elaborate.

TTL said that he had paid the plaintiff for the transfer

36 In the Audio Recording, when Ms Tan Bee Lee brought up the subject of a
payment to be made by the defendant to the plaintiff, TTL mentioned that he
had previously made payment to the plaintiff. At the 29 second mark, the
plaintiff’s Transcript reads, “[t]hen I, if is from I here return him”, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

BAEIC at p 59.

and the defendant’s Transcript reads, “[b]ut I have paid him from my side”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

BAEIC at p 81.

37 During cross-examination, after listening to replays, including replays at
half speed, of the relevant portion of the recording, the plaintiff’s
transcriber accepted that the possible translations of that portion of the
recording are “I wanted to return him” and “but I already return [sic] him”,
and that the literal translation would be “but I have already return [sic]
him". 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

21 Oct NE at p 24, line 20 to p 28, line 11 and p 30, lines 3-–20.

I note that the literal translation provided by the plaintiff’s transcriber
during cross-examination is consistent with the transcription of the
defendant’s transcriber.

38 At or around the one minute 18 second mark, the plaintiff’s Transcript
reads, “[i]f let’s say I have previously (inaudible), I … (inaudible)”, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

BAEIC at p 59.

and the defendant’s Transcript reads, “I have already paid him the previous
time … (inaudible)”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

BAEIC at p 82.

During cross-examination, the plaintiff’s transcriber confirmed that with the
benefit of hearing the recording at half-speed, he could update his
translation to include what was previously marked inaudible as, “[i]f let’s
say I have previously returned him”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

21 Oct NE at p 44, lines 4–16.

The plaintiff’s transcriber also agreed that this phrase could possibly be
translated as “or should I say I have paid him in the past”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

21 Oct NE at p 17, line 5 to p 18, line 16.

39 Counsel for the parties crossed-examined the transcribers on the word “if”,
which was included only in the plaintiff’s Transcript but not in the
defendant’s Transcript, at or around the 29 second mark, right before the
statement by TTL that he had returned the moneys to the plaintiff. During
cross-examination, the plaintiff’s transcriber explained the reason for
including “if” in the plaintiff’s Transcript. Due to the slurring in TTL’s
speech in the recording, the words used by TTL were not entirely clear. The
plaintiff’s transcriber thus had reference to the context and inferred that
TTL was making a conditional statement. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

21 Oct NE at p 22, line 12 to p 24, line 10.

40 When cross-examining the defendant’s transcriber, counsel for the plaintiff
pointed out that the plaintiff’s transcriber included the word “if” in his
transcription at the 29 second mark and asked the defendant’s transcriber if
he too heard the word “if”. The defendant’s transcriber answered in the
negative. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

28 Oct NE at p 16, lines 15–22.

Counsel for the plaintiff then highlighted to the defendant’s transcriber that
in the recording, TTL subsequently spoke of a payment to be made from the
defendant to the plaintiff at the one minute 18 second mark, such that it
would be “a little hasty” for the defendant’s transcriber to have come to the
conclusion that TTL said, at the 29 second mark, that payment had already been
made. In response, the defendant’s transcriber said that he translated
according to what he heard, as he understood it sentence by sentence. He was
unable to guess or interpret the sentences in relation to each other. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

28 Oct NE at p 21, line 5 to p 22, line 11.

41 I prefer the defendant’s transcriber’s evidence of what was said at the 29
second mark. It is not for the transcriber to seek to make sense of the
conversation based on his own idea of what the context might be, as the
plaintiff’s transcriber did by inserting the word “if”, which arguably has the
effect of altering the meaning of the sentence in favour of his client. The
plaintiff’s transcriber has also shown a propensity to regard as “inaudible”
the portions of the conversation that are not in his client’s favour, until he
was confronted during cross-examination. In any event, the plaintiff’s
transcriber ultimately agreed that a literal translation of the 29 second mark
of the recording was “but I have already return [sic] him”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

21 Oct NE at p 29, line 20 to p 30, line 20.

42 The plaintiff’s case is that he was never paid anything for the transfer of
the One-Tenth Share. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS at paras 49 and 121.

However, TTL’s words at both the 29 second mark and the one minute and 18
second mark indicate that he had already paid the plaintiff. He also prefaced
his statement with the word “but” at the 29 second mark, which appear to give
emphasis to the fact that the plaintiff had in fact already been paid.

TTL said that the plaintiff could decide if he wishes to receive payment and a
deduction could be made from TTL’s estate

43 Next, the plaintiff’s Transcript at or around the 29 second mark, reads, “…
[s]ee if he wants to deduct or not. If he doesn’t return him, then deduct from
his [share, company, account, etc] … (inaudible)”, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

BAEIC at p 59.

and the defendant’s Transcript at or around the 31 second mark reads, “[s]ee
if he still wants to deduct or not. If he did not pay him and he still wants
to deduct, then deduct from Orh Yee’s [the defendant’s] share”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

BAEIC at p 81.

In relation to his inclusion of the word “still” in the defendant’s
Transcript, the defendant’s transcriber explained that TTL used the Hokkien
phrase “ai ko kau”, in which “ko” meant “still” and the phrase as a whole
means “if he still wants to deduct”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

28 Oct NE at p 31, line 1 to p 32, line 10.

As an illustration, the defendant’s transcriber explained that if one wished
to say “if he wants to”, one would say “yi ai kau”, whereas if one wanted to
say “if he still wants to”, the phrase would be “yi ai ko kau”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

28 Oct NE at p 31, line 22 to p 32, line 10.

44 At or around the one minute 18 second mark, what was said here follows from
the discussion of the S$930,000, being 10% of the sale proceeds of the
Property, which both transcripts are consistent in interpreting: “[l]et see if
Xiao Tiao [the plaintiff] wants. If he wants, by then, O Yi [the defendant]
said want to return him. If no return, this here say share, they three of them
share. Deduct. This is also good la” and “[s]ee if the younger one [the
plaintiff] 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

The plaintiff’s nickname, “Xiao Tiao”, was mentioned here. “The younger one”
refers to the nickname, “Xiao Tiao”.

wants to or not. If he wants, by then, if Orh Yee [the defendant] wants to pay
him. If he does not pay him, there is still a share among the three of them
for deduction. This will also work”. In both sets of transcripts, TTL was
recorded at or around the 41 second mark as saying that the defendant wanted
to return moneys to the plaintiff or to pay the plaintiff.

45 The plaintiff points out that since right before the one minute 18 second
mark, there was a discussion of the S$930,000, being 10% of the sale proceeds
of the Property, and thereafter, a deduction was mentioned, this suggests that
the defendant has an outstanding obligation to pay 10% of the sale proceeds of
the Property. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at paras 77 to 79.

The defendant argues that since the Audio Recording shows that TTL had already
paid the plaintiff, any further payment from the defendant mentioned would be
an “additional, voluntary payment that would be made on top of [TTL’s] prior
payment”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at para 4.3.3(b).

46 Indeed, as the defendant argues, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS at para 4.3.2.

TTL only stated that the defendant “want[ed]” to pay the plaintiff, not that
the defendant had given an undertaking to pay. There is also nothing in the
Audio Recording that suggests that the defendant should have paid the
plaintiff after the sale of the Property or ought to pay the plaintiff as he
had not done so. In my judgment, the plaintiff’s claim that the defendant is
under an obligation of payment is not consistent with the language that TTL
used. TTL used language that suggests that the plaintiff could decide if he
“wants” to, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

BAEIC at p 59, at the one minute 18 second mark of the plaintiff’s
Transcription.

or if he “wants to or not” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

BAEIC at p 82, at the one minute 18 second mark of the defendant’s
Transcription.

(at the one minute 18 second mark of the plaintiff’s and defendant’s
Transcription), receive payment. This verbiage suggests that the payment is
contingent upon the plaintiff’s inclinations. If moneys are indeed owing to
the plaintiff, TTL would not have spoken of the payment in those terms. Unlike
what was recorded at the one minute 18 second mark, there is an ambiguity at
the 29 second to the 31 second mark as to who “he” refers to in the phrases “…
[s]ee if he wants to deduct or not. …” 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

BAEIC at p 59, at the 29 second mark of the plaintiff’s Transcription.

(at the 29 second mark of the plaintiff’s Transcription) and “[s]ee if he
still wants to deduct or not” 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

BAEIC at p 81, at the 31 second mark of the defendant’s Transcription.

(at the 31 second mark of the defendant’s Transcription). If “he” at the 29
second to the 31 second mark is taken to refer to the plaintiff, then TTL had
spoken in a manner that suggests that the plaintiff might not pursue the
option in the event that the defendant fails to make the payment that the
defendant purportedly said he wanted to make, particularly when TTL alluded to
how the plaintiff might “still” want to make the said deduction if that were
to happen. Even if “he” at the 29 second to the 31 second mark is understood
to refer to the defendant, that interpretation would still not assist the
plaintiff’s case as that reading gives the defendant the choice to deduct or
not. If, indeed, the defendant is obligated to pay the plaintiff, the
deduction would logically not be optional. I therefore find the Audio
Recording to be inconsistent with the plaintiff’s case that there was a
binding oral agreement obligating the defendant to pay the plaintiff. Had the
defendant been bound by an obligation to pay the plaintiff, the payment
referred to in the conversation would not be dependent on the plaintiff’s
inclination to receive payment or the defendant’s inclination to make payment.
This is because it would follow as a natural consequence to a binding oral
agreement for the plaintiff to receive payment and for the defendant to have
to pay the plaintiff.

47 Further, I take the view that there is nothing in either set of
transcriptions that suggests that the payment that the defendant purportedly
“want[ed]” to make to the plaintiff (which payment I shall henceforth refer to
as the “optional payment”) is for moneys that are owing by the defendant to
the plaintiff under a binding oral agreement. Indeed, the tone and tenor of
the conversation is consistent with what the defendant has argued. In my
judgment, the mention of the optional payment could allude to a potential
payment of S$930,000 to the plaintiff, after the sale of the Property, but
this would be a further payment in addition to what TTL had already paid the
plaintiff.

TTL said that the defendant “want[ed]” to pay the plaintiff

48 Even if TTL’s words go towards showing that the defendant might have
indicated that he wanted to pay the plaintiff, this does not in and of itself
prove the existence of the alleged Oral Undertaking. The contents of the
transcriptions do not provide sufficient information to explain the
defendant’s purported indication that he “wants” to pay the plaintiff. It
cannot be extrapolated to mean that there was a binding oral agreement between
the plaintiff and the defendant based on the evidence before the court. The
defendant may “want” to pay for any number of reasons, and the existence of
the Oral Undertaking is only one of the possible extrapolations that may be
made from the statements in the transcript. Simply put, there is insufficient
evidence for the court to come to the conclusion that the defendant must have
“want[ed]” to pay the plaintiff because there was a binding oral agreement to
pay the plaintiff 10% of the sale proceeds of the Property.

Further observations

49 I further observe that in the Audio Recording, there was no complaint by
TTL about the defendant, contrary to what Ms Tan Bee Lee asserts. At no point
in time during the course of the conversation was TTL critical of the
defendant for not paying the plaintiff the monetary value of the latter’s One-
Tenth Share in the Property after the sale of the Property. This contradicts
the evidence of Ms Tan Sook Har that TTL “regularly … complain[ed] that [the
defendant] had not yet paid [the plaintiff] for his 10% share in the
Property”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Tan Sook Har’s AEIC at para 8 (BAEIC at p 31).

Further, insofar as the conversation in the Audio Recording went, it is not
consistent with the impression given in the evidence of Ms Tan Sook Har and Ms
Tan Seok Phin, which is that TTL was dissatisfied with the defendant for not
paying what he owed to the plaintiff and that TTL had regularly complained
about that. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Tan Sook Har’s AEIC at para 8 (BAEIC at p 31); Tan Seok Phin’s AEIC at paras
6–7 (BAEIC at p 35).

In my view, the possible deduction in favour of the plaintiff in the event
that the defendant does not make the optional payment appears to be an
expression of the patriarch’s wishes for his estate to make that optional
payment if it is not made by the defendant or if it is not paid from the
defendant’s share of TTL’s estate.

50 It is apt at this juncture to reiterate that the plaintiff’s case is that
he has never been paid by anyone for the transfer of his One-Tenth Share; it
is not his case that he has been paid, but there is an agreement for the
optional payment to be made. The mention of the optional payment does not,
therefore, serve to advance the plaintiff’s case.

51 Additionally, as the defendant argues, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at para 4.2.1.

the Audio Recording appears to be made under suspicious circumstances, which
calls into question the reliability of the recording as evidence supporting
the existence of the alleged Oral Undertaking. First, I observe that, as
accepted by Ms Tan Bee Lee, her voice was louder than that of TTL and this was
because Ms Tan Bee Lee’s phone was placed closer to her than to TTL. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

20 Oct NE at p 23, lines 3–23.

Second, it is evident from the transcripts that Ms Tan Bee Lee initiated the
discussion about the Property. At the very start of the recording, the pair
were speaking about the defendant’s wife, and the first mention of the
Property was by Ms Tan Bee Lee. She appears to be leading TTL to say that the
defendant had an obligation to pay the plaintiff when she said, “… so you had
spoken to [the defendant] that he has to pay him when the time comes …”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

BAEIC at p 81, at the 25 second mark of the defendant’s Transcription.

She was also the one to bring up the 10% payment. In my assessment, it is
evident that Ms Tan Bee Lee was guiding the conversation towards the topic of
the payment for the plaintiff’s One-Tenth Share. She tried, but was not
successful, in leading the conversation towards the conclusion that the
defendant is obligated under an undertaking to pay the plaintiff. Indeed,
TTL’s response to her was “but” he had already paid the plaintiff (see [37]
above). Although Ms Tan Bee Lee explained that this Audio Recording was made
because she had just purchased a new mobile phone and was fiddling with the
phone to show TTL how to use it to record, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

20 Oct NE at p 22, lines 2–14.

I find this explanation to be unconvincing and I do not believe her
explanation.

52 Further, I consider that on the available evidence, TTL’s conduct at the
time of the Audio Recording and thereafter is inconsistent with the
plaintiff’s case that TTL took the view that the defendant had an outstanding
obligation to pay the plaintiff for the One-Tenth Share. First, as observed
above at [49], TTL did not make any negative remarks about the defendant in
the Audio Recording, as Ms Tan Bee Lee accepted. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

20 Oct NE at p 41, lines 6–9.

Second, I note that the brothers and TTL made a trip to TTL’s lawyer’s office
on the day of the Chinatown Point Meeting on 4 July 2019 to settle his will.
There is no evidence that TTL made any arrangement to see to it that any
alleged outstanding payment from the defendant would be made to the plaintiff.
If what the sisters and the plaintiff said on the stand were true – and in
particular, the plaintiff testified that TTL was the one who encouraged him
many times to ask for payment from the defendant 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

25 Oct NE at p 35, line 24 to p 37, line 3.

– it is puzzling why TTL had not brought the matter up on that occasion.

53 On 4 July 2019, after the trip to the lawyer’s office, the plaintiff made a
video recording of himself walking with TTL. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 35(a) (BAEIC at p 11).

It is reasonable to infer that at this point, which was after 17 April 2019
when the Audio Recording was made, the plaintiff would have been alive to the
option of making a recording of TTL saying something about the payment that
the plaintiff now claims is due from the defendant. The plaintiff, despite
having made a recording of himself walking with TTL that day, does not have
any recording of TTL saying that the defendant should pay the plaintiff under
the alleged Oral Undertaking. The plaintiff also did not make any attempts to
gather any other evidence that could have been obtained when TTL was alive,
nor did he raise the issue of the payment that he said was due to him at the
lawyer’s office when the father and sons attended for the purpose of settling
the will of TTL, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 35(a) (BAIEC at p 11); Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at
paras 3.4.3–3.4.4 (BAEIC at p 96–97).

which would have been an opportune occasion for matters relating to the
distribution of TTL’s assets to be raised and discussed.

54 In the circumstances, I find that the Audio Recording does not support, and
in fact contradicts, the plaintiff’s case.

The sisters’ evidence

55 I set out the relevant portions of the evidence of the parties’ sisters,
relied upon by the plaintiff. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS at paras 42, 45–46.

Ms Tan Sook Har testified that: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

19 Oct NE at p 56, lines 20–24.

As instructed by my father … [the defendant’s] property was worth more. [The
plaintiff’s] property was not worth as much. So my father instructed [the
defendant], when you sell the property you must give 10 per cent to [the
plaintiff].

56 In the same vein, Ms Tan Seok Phin testified that: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

19 Oct NE at p 91, lines 8–9.

My father said if the property is sold, [the defendant] would have to pay [the
plaintiff] 10 per cent.

57 Ms Tan Bee Lee similarly testified that: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

20 Oct NE at p 32, lines 7–8.

My father said, after [the defendant] sell [sic] the property, he must give
[the plaintiff] 10 per cent.

58 In my judgment, the sisters’ testimonies are (a) not supported by what was
said by TTL in the Audio Recording; and (b) must be viewed in context. First,
as already explained at [42], TTL mentioned twice in the Audio Recording that
he had paid the plaintiff. Second, at no point did TTL say in the Audio
Recording that the defendant “must” or “would have to” give or pay 10 per cent
of the sale proceeds to the plaintiff. Third, it appears that none of the
sisters were made aware or have proper information of the transfer of the One-
Tenth Share. Ms Tan Sook Har stated expressly during cross-examination that
she did not know of any transfer of property by the plaintiff to the
defendant. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

19 Oct NE at p 55, line 17 to p 59, line 4.

She disavowed paragraph five of her Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”),
in which she had stated that her father had told her about the plaintiff’s
transfer of his One-Tenth Share. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

19 Oct NE at p 58, lines 12–22.

Ms Tan Seok Phin admitted that she did not know of the parties’ arrangement in
the year 2000 in relation to the Property. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

19 Oct NE at p 89, lines 2–21.

Ms Tan Bee Lee similarly did not have the benefit of the knowledge of the
transfer of the One-Tenth Share from the plaintiff to the defendant in 2000.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

20 Oct NE at p 15, line 10 to p 19, line 12.

59 After considering the evidence given by the sisters in their AEICs as
supplemented by their testimony under cross-examination, it would appear that
their belief that the plaintiff was entitled to the monetary value of the One-
Tenth Share upon the sale of the Property was premised on an incomplete
knowledge or understanding of the dealings between the plaintiff and the
defendant. It is clear that the sisters knew that TTL had given 10% of the
Property to the plaintiff, but they were unfamiliar with, or even unaware of,
the sale and transfer of the One-Tenth Share via the Written Documents to the
defendant in 2000. The reliability of their evidence as proof of the alleged
Oral Undertaking that was supposedly given in exchange for the transfer of the
plaintiff’s One-Tenth Share is therefore called into question.

Mdm Ke’s evidence

60 Mdm Ke, as earlier mentioned at [8], is TTL’s daughter-in-law. She and her
late husband lived in close proximity to TTL, initially staying together with
TTL at the latter’s home in People’s Park Centre and thereafter in units in
the same block as or near TTL’s home. Her late husband worked as a traditional
Chinese medical practitioner together with TTL at TTL’s clinic, while Mdm Ke
helped as an assistant at the clinic and assisted TTL as his caretaker. Mdm Ke
was in regular contact with TTL for around 13 years. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Ke Xuerong’s AEIC at paras 2.1.1–2.1.3 (BAEIC at p 62).

61 According to Mdm Ke, TTL spoke to her often about matters concerning the
extended family. Mdm Ke’s evidence is that around 1997 or 1998, TTL told her
that he had paid the plaintiff the market price of his One-Tenth Share in the
Property. She explained that TTL said that he wanted to avoid any dispute
arising between his sons in the future on the allocation of TTL’s properties.
She stated that she had never heard TTL complain about the plaintiff not
having been paid for the One-Tenth Share. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Ke Xuerong’s AEIC at paras 2.1.5–2.1.7 (BAEIC at p 63).

62 I pause to note the plaintiff’s argument that Mdm Ke’s evidence is not
credible on account of (a) inconsistency in her testimony regarding whether
she had met members of the Tan family prior to her marriage; (b) her inability
to recall the address of the Property; and (c) her lack of knowledge as to
when TTL had paid the plaintiff. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS at paras 53–64.

I cannot agree with the plaintiff. The first point is irrelevant to the case
at hand while the third point involves details that are understandably not
within Mdm Ke’s knowledge. As for the second point, although she could not
provide the exact address, Mdm Ke was able to describe the location of the
Property. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

26 Oct NE at p 88, lines 15–24.

In any event, none of these matters detract from her lucid and firm testimony
that TTL told her that he had paid the plaintiff, nor her credibility as
someone who interacted regularly and worked closely with TTL.

63 In light of all the available evidence, I have come to the view that the
plaintiff was in fact already paid by TTL for his One-Tenth Share in the
Property, even before the execution of the Written Documents in 2000.
Therefore, the plaintiff did not transfer his One-Tenth Share in reliance on
any alleged Oral Undertaking from the defendant, as the consideration for the
transfer had in fact been earlier furnished by TTL. Although in the Audio
Recording there is a reference to the optional payment that the defendant had
purportedly agreed to make, it does not assist the plaintiff’s case. The
plaintiff’s case is that he was never paid by anyone for the transfer, not
that he has been paid and is owed a further payment, as mentioned above at
[50]. It is also unclear, on the available evidence, whether the defendant had
in fact agreed to make the optional payment and if there was such an
agreement, what the terms, such as the consideration, for that payment may be.
As there is no claim for the optional payment, I say no more about it. I
conclude that the plaintiff has not proven on a balance of probabilities that
the defendant gave him the Oral Undertaking as alleged.

Whether the Written Documents are a sham

64 The plaintiff’s position is that the Written Documents are a sham. A sham
is “a provision or agreement which the parties do not really intend to be
effective, but have merely entered into for the purpose of leading the court
or a third party to believe that it is to be effective”; in other words, the
crux of a sham lies in a common intention to mislead, such intention
pertaining to the subjective intentions of the parties involved (Chng Bee
Kheng and another (executrixes and trustees of the estate of Fock Poh Kum,
deceased) v Chng Eng Chye [2013] 2 SLR 715 (“Chng Bee Kheng”) at [50] and
[52]). There is a “very strong presumption” that the parties intend to be
bound by the terms of an agreement that they enter into (Chng Bee Kheng at
[51]). As the party alleging the sham, the plaintiff bears the legal burden of
proving that the Written Documents are a sham (Toh Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina
and another appeal [2021] 1 SLR 1176 (“Toh Eng Tiah”) at [80]).

65 To ascertain whether the documents represent the true relationship between
the parties, the court looks to (a) whether the documents were intended to
create legal relationships; and (b) whether the parties did actually act
according to the apparent purpose and tenor of the documents (Koon Seng
Construction Pte Ltd v Chenab Contractor Pte Ltd and another [2008] 1 SLR(R)
375 at [64], citing TKM (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Export Credit Insurance Corp of
Singapore Ltd [1992] 2 SLR(R) 858 at [48]).

66 The plaintiff did not plead any specific facts nor lead any evidence to
show that the plaintiff and the defendant did not really intend the Written
Documents to be effective, but have merely executed the said documents for the
purpose of leading the court or a third party to believe that the documents
were to be effective. The plaintiff also did not identify anyone whom he
and/or the defendant sought to mislead when the Written Documents were
executed. In fact, the plaintiff did not even admit to having formed an
intention with the defendant to mislead or deceive anyone when he signed the
Written Documents. Instead, the plaintiff merely alleges that because the
defendant requested the transfer of the plaintiff’s One-Tenth Share to enable
the defendant to refinance the defendant’s bank loan and/or obtain a bigger
bank loan in 2000, the plaintiff accordingly transferred the One-Tenth Share
in reliance on the alleged Oral Undertaking, without receipt of any
consideration.

67 To support his allegation of a sham, the plaintiff relies on the following
arguments: 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS at paras 23–28 and 120–122.

(a) there is a presumption that an intention to create legal relations is
generally absent in social and domestic arrangements because these agreements
are usually made on the basis of natural love and affection;

(b) the parties did not comply with certain key clauses in the SPA and,
importantly, the plaintiff did not receive payment of any consideration unlike
what is recorded in the Written Documents; and

(c) the plaintiff did not rely on the terms of the SPA but instead relied on
the alleged Oral Undertaking, such that the SPA was simply to effect the
transfer and did not reflect the actual terms agreed upon.

68 First, I reject the plaintiff’s argument that there was no intention to
create legal relations when the Written Documents were executed. In my view,
the presumption that an intention to create legal relations is generally
absent in social and domestic arrangements is inappropriate on the present
facts. According to the defendant, the parties had not been on speaking terms
since around 1982, after a business partnership between them failed. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 12 (SDB at p 95).

The plaintiff confirmed that the parties had worked together in an electronics
business in the 1980s and the plaintiff had called off the business as he felt
that if things were to continue, “it would come to a point that there would be
a lot of unhappiness” such that it was “best that we stop it”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

21 Oct NE at p 120, lines 7–15.

The plaintiff’s own description of his relationship with the defendant shows
that the parties were not on talking terms since the 1990s: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

21 Oct NE at p 131, line 19 to p 132, line 9.

Q: Okay, well, my instructions are that Mr Tan Tien Sai moved into his One
Tree Hill property from 1991 to 1993. And I think we have established that you
didn't know when he moved in at all –

A: Ah –

Q: … So it sounds like the two of you are not on talking terms even since the
1990s. Is that correct?

A: It is not really on good talking term at all. …

Q: … So from the 1990s onwards, it was not really on good talking terms at
all, correct?

A: Not at all until … the encounter that he call [sic] me for help to sign
over the 10 per cent ownership, in year 2000 when I go and sign. And it was
again another quiet period, until 2014 when the whole family did an ancestor
visit in China …

[emphasis added]

69 As stated by the Court of Appeal in Ong Wui Teck (personal representative
of the estate of Chew Chen Chin, deceased) v Ong Wui Swoon and another and
another appeal [2019] SGCA 61 at [46], the presumption may be inappropriate
“where parties are estranged notwithstanding their family ties, because they
can no longer be assumed to trust the other to fulfil his or her promise on
the basis of their natural love and affection”. The present case appears to be
precisely such a scenario. The plaintiff himself gave evidence that, at the
signing of the Written Documents on 10 May 2000, the parties did not speak at
all, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

25 Oct NE at p 13 lines 16–25.

further indicating the estranged relationship at the point of executing the
Written Documents. Also, the context in which the Written Documents were
executed suggests that the parties intended to create legal relations. The
plaintiff signed the documents, which included the Statutory Declaration (see
[5] above), at a lawyer’s office. He testified at trial that he understood, at
the time, that he was executing proper and valid legal documents. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

21 Oct NE at p 104, lines 11–17; p 133, line 16 to p 134, line 1; p 141, line
6 to p 142, line 12; p 148, line 15 to p 149, line 2; p 151, line 19 to p 153,
line 19.

70 I pause here to note that in the plaintiff’s AEIC, he stated that he spoke
with the defendant at the lawyer’s office and the defendant said the S$320,000
stipulated in the SPA was merely a number for completing the transfer and not
meant to reflect the alleged Oral Undertaking. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 22 (BAEIC at p 8).

At trial, the plaintiff stated that on that day, he just “signed and walk[ed]
off” and “didn’t have words [sic] with [the defendant]”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

21 Oct NE at p 104, lines 23–25 and p 105, lines 20–23.

The plaintiff’s evidence is therefore inconsistent between that in his AEIC
and at trial. This inconsistency relates to an important aspect of his case as
to whether the alleged Oral Undertaking was given by the defendant, and casts
some doubt on the credibility of the plaintiff’s evidence.

71 I also note that given the state of the parties’ relationship, it is
difficult to conceive that the pair had any common intention to collude and
deceive or mislead a third party. Indeed, the plaintiff has not shown any such
plan between the two. In view of the state of the relationship between the
plaintiff and the defendant, I also find it hard to believe that the plaintiff
would agree to transfer his One-Tenth Share based solely on an agreement that
was never documented. Further, the transfer and the alleged Oral Undertaking
appears not even to have been mentioned by the plaintiff to anyone other than
TTL. Even the sisters who were called by the plaintiff to give evidence were
never informed by the plaintiff. To conclude this point, I find that it is
inappropriate to apply the presumption that the parties did not intend to
create legal relations. I also find that the plaintiff has not shown that
there was no intention to create legal relations when the parties executed the
Written Documents.

72 Second, I address the plaintiff’s arguments that the key terms of the SPA
were not followed and instead, the alleged Oral Undertaking is the real
agreement between the parties. The plaintiff points to clauses 2, 4 and 10 of
the SPA, which state that the defendant is to pay S$32,000 as a deposit to the
plaintiff and that upon completion of the sale, the defendant is to pay the
balance of the purchase price of S$320,000 to the plaintiff. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Agreed Core Bundle of Documents (“ACB”) at pp 31–32.

He argues that these clauses are “inconsistent with the [d]efendant’s position
that TTL had pre-paid for the [S$320,000] before 8 July 2000 and prior to the
execution of the [Written Documents]”. Further, it is the plaintiff’s position
that he did not receive the S$320,000. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS at paras 24–27.

In essence, the plaintiff raises the alleged non-compliance with all these
clauses to bolster his claim that he has not been paid for the transfer of his
One-Tenth Share because there was an oral undertaking by the defendant to pay
him the monetary value of the One-Tenth Share once the Property is sold. I
reiterate that the plaintiff did not challenge the validity of the transfer of
his One-Tenth Share pursuant to the Written Documents. This is inconsistent
with his argument that the Written Documents are a sham, since a sham
provision or agreement is one which the parties do not really intend to be
effective, per Chng Bee Kheng as set out above at [64].

73 In my judgment, there is nothing in the evidence to show that in executing
the Written Documents, the parties had a common intention to mislead. Even if
it were shown that the defendant did not comply strictly with the terms in the
SPA, that in and of itself may not be sufficient to prove the sham alleged.
Non-payment alone might well just indicate a breach of a payment obligation
and not necessarily indicate a sham (Akfel Commodities Turkey Holding Anonim
Sirketi v Townsend, Adam [2019] 2 SLR 412 at [55]). While it is true that the
defendant has no documentary evidence showing that payment was made to the
plaintiff, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

27 Oct NE at p 8, lines 6–18.

nor does the defendant know when or how TTL paid the plaintiff, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 10(b) (SDB at p 94).

the burden does not lie on the defendant to prove the payment. Rather, it is
the plaintiff’s burden to prove the sham as he alleges. In any event, I have
already found at [63] that TTL had paid the plaintiff for the transfer. As for
what the plaintiff alleges to be the true agreement intended in place of the
Written Documents, I have already found at [63] that there was no Oral
Undertaking as alleged by the plaintiff. Therefore, having regard to whether
the parties did act according to the apparent purpose and tenor of the
documents, being one of the considerations for ascertaining whether the
documents represent the true relationship between the parties, I find that the
plaintiff has failed to show the Written Documents to be a sham. The intention
of the parties was to effect the transfer of the One-Tenth Share from the
plaintiff to the defendant, and the parties had conducted themselves in line
with the transaction embodied in the Written Documents

74 Finally, the plaintiff claims that the defendant sought the transfer
because he was in deep financial trouble and wanted to refinance his bank
loans and/or obtain a bigger bank loan. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Tan Tien Sek’s AEIC at para 18 (BAEIC at p 7).

To show this, the plaintiff points to the three instances where the defendant
mortgaged the Property (see above at [7]).

75 The defendant accepts that the Property was mortgaged in 1988 for a loan of
S$450,000 (ie, the 1988 Mortgage). However, he argues that the fact that he
mortgaged the Property did not show that he was in financial difficulty.
Rather, he argues that his business in Cinestar Film and Video Pte Ltd
(“Cinestar”), was “operating very well”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DCS at para 3.4.4.

According to the defendant, he was able to pay off the loan under the 1988
Mortgage in 1996 and the bank was willing to provide an additional line of
credit under the mortgage. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DCS at para 3.4.2(a).

The defendant produced a letter dated 22 July 1996 from M/s Lim & Lim (the
“1996 Lim & Lim Letter”) in support of his contention. I reproduce the
pertinent parts of the letter: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ACB at p 108.

As spoken … we shall be grateful if you could furnish us with your particulars
… as well as your brother’s particulars to enable us to prepare the Sale and
Purchase Agreement between yourself and your brother for the purchase of your
brother’s 1/10 share in the above property [stated in the letter to be the
Property] to you. Please confirm that the sale price is $320,000 as earlier
advised by you.

In the meantime, we enclose herewith a copy of our letter of even date to Tat
Lee Bank Limited … relating to the redemption of the existing mortgage for
your information.

We have received the fresh Letter of Offer dated 4/1/96 from Tat Lee Bank Ltd
and instructions from the Bank’s legal department …

76 There is insufficient evidence for the court to assess the state of the
defendant’s financial position in 2000. But what may be observed from the 1996
Lim & Lim Letter is that steps were taken to effect the transfer of the One-
Tenth Share from as early as 1996, which was much earlier than 2000, the year
in which the plaintiff claims he received a call from the defendant asking for
the transfer due to alleged financial difficulties. In the same vein, the
defendant has adduced drafts of the SPA dated 1996 and 1998, which he states
were prepared in accordance with TTL’s instructions, but which were not
executed due to the plaintiff’s lack of cooperation. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Tan Tien Sai’s AEIC at paras 3.1.3–3.1.4 and pp 48–53 (BAEIC at pp 91 and
131–136).

77 Mdm Ke’s evidence also supports the defendant’s version of events. She
testified that TTL was concerned that the plaintiff’s One-Tenth Share may
subsequently result in disputes with the defendant and TTL therefore arranged
for the sale of the One-Tenth Share to facilitate a clean break. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

26 Oct NE at p 89, lines 3–8 and p 89, line 20 to p 90, line 4.

This is consistent with what the plaintiff accepted during cross-examination,
which is that TTL held the ballot to ensure that there would not be quarrels
about which son should get which property. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

21 Oct NE at p 88, lines 7–16.

Mdm Ke also gave evidence that TTL told her as early as in 1997 that he had
paid the plaintiff for the transfer. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Ke Xuerong’s AEIC at para 2.1.7 (BAEIC at p 63).

These pieces of evidence, especially with regard to the timing of the various
events, do not support the plaintiff’s narrative that the transfer was
prompted by the financial difficulties that the defendant was facing in 2000.

78 In light of all the available evidence, I find that the plaintiff has
failed to show that the parties had a common intention to execute the Written
Documents so as to give a false appearance of creating, between the parties,
legal rights and obligations different from those actually intended.

79 I note that the defendant takes the position that the plaintiff is
precluded from relying on any evidence as to the alleged Oral Undertaking,
insofar as it is used to contradict the SPA terms, pursuant to the parol
evidence rule as embodied in ss 93 and 94 of the EA. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at para 4.1.1.

However, it was held by the Court of Appeal in Toh Eng Tiah at [70]–[71] and
[77] that where the allegation is that the agreement was a sham, that goes to
the very existence of the contract. The issue of whether there is a sham is
therefore prior to and will necessarily not engage ss 93 and 94 of the EA,
which pertain to a situation where there is a contract and where the proof of
the terms of the contract is in issue. I have therefore considered all the
evidence before the court before coming to the conclusion that the plaintiff
has failed to prove that the Written Documents are a sham. Having found that
there was no Oral Undertaking which the plaintiff alleges forms the basis of
the sham, the issue as to whether ss 93 and 94 of the EA are engaged is now
moot because there is nothing to contradict or vary the Written Documents.

Conclusion

80 In view of the foregoing, the plaintiff has failed to prove that the
Written Documents are a sham and failed to prove the alleged Oral Undertaking,
which in any event would have been unenforceable pursuant to s 6(d) of the
CLA. The plaintiff therefore has no basis for claiming that he is entitled to
the monetary value of the One-Tenth Share in the Property. Accordingly, I
dismiss the claim. I will hear the parties on the issue of costs separately.

Teh Hwee Hwee  
Judicial Commissioner  
---  
  
Patrick Fernandez and Mohamed Arshad bin Mohamed Tahir (Fernandez LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Joseph Tay Weiwen, Lai Wei Kang Louis, Tan Kah Wai and Tan Wei Sze (Shook Lin
& Bok LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Mar 2023 (17:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

