Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 361

Suit No 939 of 2018

Between

(1)| Marten Joseph Matthew  
---|---  
(2)| Thames Global Enterprises Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| AIQ Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
---|---  
(2)| The Carrot Patch Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
(3)| Goh Soo Siah  
(4)| Goh Boon Huat  
(5)| Marcus Sunny Tan Sen Kit  
(6)| Loo Kian Wai  
(7)| Seah Ting Han Jeffrey  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders — Locus standi of nominee
holding company to bring oppression action for acts done to beneficial
shareholder]

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders — Rights issue to raise
urgently needed funds for company not oppressive conduct even if other
shareholders are diluted]

[Companies — Directors — Shadow directors]

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders — Qua member rule]

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders — Reflective loss principle]

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders — Whether there was an
understanding and agreement between two shareholders that gave rise to
equitable considerations]

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders — Acts of shareholder bring
oppression suit to be considered when determining if conduct complained of is
unfair, as long as no tit-for-tat behaviour]

[Tort — Conspiracy — Unlawful means conspiracy — Whether breach of company
constitution is a wrongful act]

[Tort — Conspiracy — Lawful means conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Marten, Joseph Matthew and another

  
v

  

AIQ Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and others

[2023] SGHC 361

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 939 of 2018  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
11-12 August, 15-19 August, 22-26 August, 29-31 August, 1 September 2022, 21
February, 20 March, 26 June, 18 August 2023

29 December 2023

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 HC/S 939/2018 started as a dispute between two major shareholders of the 1st
Defendant, AIQ Pte Ltd (“AIQ”); namely, the 1st Plaintiff – Marten Joseph
Matthew (“Joe”) – and the 3rd Defendant, Goh Soo Siah (“GSS”). The dispute
initially arose from these two shareholders’ disagreement over their
respective funding responsibilities for AIQ and its subsidiary, the 2nd
Defendant, The Carrot Patch Pte Ltd (“TCP”). As AIQ became mired in financial
difficulties, the dispute between the two shareholders spilled over into other
areas, with the directors of AIQ being drawn into the fray as well. Joe was
eventually removed as a director of both companies. Shortly thereafter, he and
the 2nd Plaintiff – Thames Global Enterprises Ltd (“Thames”, a company
registered in the British Virgin Islands) – commenced the present suit against
GSS and AIQ’s directors (the 4th to 7th Defendants). The Plaintiffs alleged,
in gist, that the 3rd to 7th Defendants had oppressed their interests as
minority shareholders of the two companies and that they had also conspired to
injure the Plaintiffs by unlawful as well as lawful means. The companies, AIQ
and TCP, were joined as nominal defendants to the Plaintiffs’ action.

2 At the conclusion of the trial, I dismissed the Plaintiffs’ action. I now
set out my reasons in these written grounds.

Facts

The parties

3 AIQ, which was previously known as iQnect Pte Ltd, dealt with the
development and sale of artificial intelligence and the offering of offline-
online-offline integrated solutions. AIQ’s core business included the
development of software, including a visual recognition technology software
meant for use in Android or iOS based mobile devices. AIQ’s main assets were
the visual recognition technology (the “VRT”) that was being developed and the
intellectual property rights thereto. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 4; AEIC of 1st Pf at para 5.

TCP, its subsidiary, was in the business of operating a co-working space. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 6.

4 Joe is a registered shareholder of TCP. In the present suit, he also claimed
to be the beneficial owner of the shares in AIQ held by Thames. In gist, on 14
December 2017, Joe had transferred to Thames his entire shareholding in AIQ.
According to Joe’s claims at trial, Thames was wholly owned by him and held
its 27.42% shareholding in AIQ as a “nominal shareholder”, with Joe owning the
entire beneficial interest in those shares. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 2; AEIC of 1st Pf at para 7.

I add that although the term used in the Plaintiffs’ pleadings was “nominal
shareholder”, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 2.

the Plaintiffs made it clear in their submissions that they meant to refer to
Thames as a “nominee shareholder”, in the sense in which the latter term was
used in cases such as Atlasview Ltd v Brightview Ltd [2004] 2 BCLC 191
(“Atlasview”).

5 Joe was also a director of AIQ, as well as its Chairman, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 1; AEIC of 1st Pf at para 9.

and a director of TCP 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 1A.

, up till the point when he was removed from these positions on 28 May 2018 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 147, p 637-642; AEIC of 3rd Df at paras 106-107.

and 29 March 2019 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at paras 152-157, p 695-699.

respectively.

6 GSS is a shareholder of AIQ. GSS presently holds 50.04% of shares in AIQ. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 16; SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 5;
AEIC of 1st Pf at para 8.

7 The 4th Defendant Goh Boon Huat (“Leslie”), was appointed as a director of
AIQ on 27 September 2016 and as a director of TCP on 12 May 2017. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AEIC of 4th Df at para 9.

Leslie is GSS’ son and his nominee on the AIQ board. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of 4th Df at p 29-30.

8 The 5th Defendant, Marcus Sunny Tan Sen Kit (“Marcus”), joined AIQ as a
consultant in February 2017. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AEIC of 5th Df at para 7.

He was appointed as AIQ’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) on 6 March 2017. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AEIC of 5th Df at para 15; p 118-120.

He was subsequently appointed as a director of AIQ on 17 March 2017 and as a
director of TCP on 12 May 2017. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC of 5th Df at para 16; p 123-125.

Marcus is GSS’ nephew and Leslie’s cousin. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AEIC of 5th Df at para 6.

9 The 6th Defendant, Loo Kian Wai (“Kian Wai”) initially joined AIQ as a
finance and human resources director in April 2017. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AEIC of 6th Df at para 8; p 43-50.

He was subsequently promoted to become AIQ’s vice-president (“VP”) of finance
and human resources in July or August 2017, eventually becoming the Chief
Financial Officer (“CFO”) in October 2017. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AEIC of 6th Df at para 10; p 55.

Kian Wai was appointed as a director of both AIQ and TCP on 20 November 2017.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AEIC of 6th Df at para 10; p 57-58.

10 The 7th Defendant Seah Ting Han Jeffrey (“Jeffrey”) started providing
advisory services to AIQ in mid-2015 and eventually entered into a formal
“Advisor Agreement” with AIQ on 18 October 2016. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AEIC of 7th Df at para 10; p 71-75.

He was appointed as a director of AIQ on 9 January 2017 and as a director of
TCP on 12 May 2017. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AEIC of 7th Df at para 12-13; p 82-84.

Background to the dispute

11 As noted earlier, Joe and Thames brought the present suit against the other
significant shareholder in AIQ (GSS) and the directors (Leslie, Marcus, Kian
Wai and Jeffrey), claiming that they (Joe and Thames) were victims of minority
oppression, and conspiracy by both unlawful and lawful means. The facts relied
on by Joe and Thames in support of their claims have been set out in detail in
their Statement of Claim. Not surprisingly, the Defendants disputed the
Plaintiffs’ version of events and pleaded their own version. The Defendants
also raised objections to the case advanced by the Plaintiffs at trial, on the
ground that the latter had – in their closing submissions – departed from
their pleaded case. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

3rd Df Reply Submissions at paras 18, 23, 27, 36-37 and 42; 4-7th Df Reply
Submissions at paras 2-60.

To provide context, therefore, I outline below the background facts and the
undisputed timeline of key events, before summarising the parties’ pleaded
cases.

12 As a start-up which was incorporated in Singapore on 17 February 2014, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 5.

AIQ relied on investors to fund its business operations. Over the years post
incorporation, it raised such funds by acquiring more shareholders. AIQ had a
portfolio of patents acquired from a company called Logovision; and these were
eventually consolidated into two patents which constituted what came to be
known as the secured patents (at [14] below). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 10.

Joe became a director of AIQ from 14 July 2014. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 9.

At that time, the other major shareholder of AIQ besides Joe was one Carl
Johan Freer (“Carl Freer”) (who was the owner of Logovision), whose son Adam
Carl-Johan Agerstam (“Carl Johan”) was appointed as a director in AIQ. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 15.

13 Sometime in 2015, Joe was introduced to Leslie (the 4th Defendant). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 12.

After a meeting at which they discussed AIQ’s business and future potential,
Joe was informed that GSS (Leslie’s father) was interested in investing in the
company. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at paras 12-17.

GSS subsequently acquired a shareholding of about 5.86% in AIQ 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at paras 18-19.

. At that point, the company was said to be valued at US$75 million (although
there does not appear to have been any official valuation report as such). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at p 183.

14 Eventually, the potential acquisition of AIQ by a company called Powa
Technologies (“Powa”) fell through, and Carl Freer left AIQ. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 21.

Left to fund AIQ by himself, Joe approached GSS through Leslie, to ascertain
if GSS was willing to co-fund AIQ. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 22.

This led to AIQ entering into a convertible loan agreement with GSS on 19 July
2016 whereby GSS agreed to provide a loan of US$1 million to AIQ (“Convertible
Loan Agreement”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 23 and p 192-197.

In tandem with this Convertible Loan Agreement, two supplemental agreements
were entered into: a supplemental deed to the Convertible Loan Agreement dated
30 November 2017, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 25 and p 200-203.

and a deed of patent charge dated 15 December 2017 (“Deed of Patent Charge”).
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 25 and p 206-219; 11ABOD at p 700-715.

The Deed of Patent Charge contained inter alia the following key terms:

(a) AIQ assigned GSS a first legal charge over its patents as a continuing
security for any debts due under the Convertible Loan Agreement (“Secured
Patents”); 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

11ABOD at p 702.

(b) This was to be a continuing security until the Convertible Loan Agreement
was repaid in full or until GSS discharged the Deed of Patent Charge in
writing; 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

11ABOD at p 703.

(c) The various specified events of default included inter alia the failure of
AIQ to pay any principal, interest or other sum payable under the Convertible
Loan Agreement on the day on which such payment was due and payable; 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

11ABOD at p 705.

(d) Upon the occurrence of an event of default, GSS or his nominees would have
(as they saw fit in their absolute discretion) the authority to sell, dispose
of or realise all or any parts of the Secured Patents towards the discharge of
the costs thereby incurred and the debts owed. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

11ABOD at p 707.

15 TCP was incorporated in Singapore on 12 May 2017. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 6.

16 On 2 October 2017, Joe and GSS executed a document known as the Share
Transfer Deed. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

11ABOD at p 633; AEIC of 1st Pf at para 62.

The Share Transfer Deed contained inter alia the following key terms:

(a) Joe was to transfer to GSS 235,000 AIQ shares for consideration of the sum
of $1; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

11ABOD at p 636.

(b) GSS and AIQ agreed that the sum of $3,979,694.19 previously advanced by
Joe to AIQ (the “JMM Loan”) was to be accepted and reflected in AIQ’s books
and records as a “loan payable to [Joe] absolutely and without any deduction
or set-off whatsoever”. AIQ’s board confirmed that it had, “together with the
CFO of [AIQ]”, verified “that the JMM Loan [was] fully payable without any
deduction to [Joe]”; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

11ABOD at p 638.

(c) AIQ’s board “confirms” that there would be no deduction of the JMM Loan on
account of any acts or omissions, whether negligent or otherwise, for the acts
of Carl Freer and Carl Johan; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

11ABOD at p 638.

and

(d) The board “agree to accept” a pre-determined treatment for past
transactions by AIQ which had been flagged by the company’s auditors as being
problematic; namely, the “Medical Application Purchase” and the “FilmFunds
Transaction”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

11ABOD at p 638-639.

17 On 3 October 2017, Joe transferred 235,000 AIQ shares to GSS for the
consideration of $1, pursuant to the terms of the Share Transfer Deed. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

5ABOD at p 44-46.

As part of the arrangements for the transfer of shares, Joe was also to
transfer another 100,000 AIQ shares that he had been holding on trust for one
MacFadden back to the latter. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 61; AEIC of 3rd Df at para 83.

Following the share transfers, Joe held 765,000 shares (44.75% shareholding)
in AIQ while GSS had 315,908 shares (18.48% shareholding). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 83-84; AEIC of 1st Pf at p 348-349.

18 Sometime on 25 January 2018, emails were sent to Joe and GSS by Kian Wai,
asking both parties to provide bridging loans to AIQ and TCP. Both companies
were then facing severe cash flow problems and were struggling to repay their
debts. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 100 and p 526-529.

Joe responded by offering to sell GSS his entire shareholding in AIQ and TCP
for a total of US$3.8m – an offer which was rejected by GSS. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at paras 101-102, p531-532.

Further email correspondence discussing a potential buy out by GSS of Joe took
place over the course of the following week, but no agreement was reached. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 103 and p 534-538.

19 On 30 January 2018, an invitation to subscribe in the share capital
increase of AIQ was sent by AIQ to all its shareholders (“Rights Issue”). The
subscription price of the Rights Issue was $0.28 per share. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 117 and p 542-545; 6 ABOD at p 225-227; AEIC of 6th Df
at p 347-361.

Joe sent a letter to the directors via email on 31 January 2018 to express his
concerns about the Rights Issue. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 120 and p 547-552.

On 4 February 2018, Marcus responded via email to Joe’s stated concerns. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 121 and p 555-559.

In turn, Joe sent another email on 6 February 2018 responding to Marcus. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 122 and p 561-568.

20 AIQ proceeded with the Rights Issue. On 26 February 2018, AIQ informed its
shareholders in a letter that a total of 1,080,000 shares had been taken up in
the Rights Issue over two rounds of subscription. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 124, p 570-572.

These shares were allotted or issued on 16 March 2018. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 124 and p 570-572.

Following the issuance of the shares, GSS became the majority shareholder of
AIQ, with a shareholding of 1,395,908 shares (50.04% shareholding) in AIQ
while Joe’s shareholding remained at 765,000 shares (27.42% shareholding) in
AIQ. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 125.

21 On 10 May 2018, a notice was sent to all shareholders – including Joe – of
an EGM to be held on 28 May 2018 (“28 May 2018 EGM”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 142, p 599-600; 6ABOD at p 802-804.

The resolutions put up for the EGM included a resolution calling for a special
audit by an independent third-party of AIQ’s accounts and transactions for the
financial years 2014 and 2015 (“Special Audit”) and resolutions calling for
the re-election of AIQ’s board of directors (including Joe). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 142; AEIC of 3rd Df at para 106; 6ABOD at p 802-804.

Joe wrote to the AIQ directors, through his lawyers, on 11 May 2018 and 22 May
2018, stating his objections to the 28 May 2018 EGM notice and the proposed
resolutions. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 143 and p 602-609.

The directors did not reply to his lawyers’ letters. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 145.

22 At the 28 May 2018 EGM, Joe was not re-elected as a director of AIQ. He was
therefore removed from the AIQ board. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 147 and p 637-642; AEIC of 3rd Df at paras 106-107.

The Special Audit was approved as well at the 28 May 2018 EGM. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 107, p 548-550.

23 The Special Audit was carried out by a company named TRS Forensics Pte Ltd
(“TRS Forensics”). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 110.

A report was produced at the end of the Special Audit (“Special Audit
Report”), and a summary of the results was sent to all shareholders on 14
August 2018. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 149 and p 644-648.

The findings reported in the Special Audit Report are dealt with below (at
[444444]–[445445]).

24 On 29 March 2019, TCP held its first Annual General Meeting (“29 March 2019
AGM”). The resolutions put forward at this AGM included resolutions for the
re-election of all directors, including Joe. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1ABOD at p 602-604, 599-600.

Joe – who did not attend the AGM – was not re-elected as a director. He was
removed from the TCP board despite his protests. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at paras 152-157 and p 695-699.

25 By this time, AIQ had run into significant financial difficulties due to
the lack of funding from its shareholders. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at paras 117-118.

On 19 June 2019, GSS informed AIQ that he was giving notice of his demand for
repayment of the outstanding sum of US$1,124,864.00 under the Convertible Loan
Agreement. This sum of US$1,124,864.00 comprised the principal amount of US$1m
and the outstanding interest of US$124,864.00. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at paras 121-122 and p 570.

No payment being forthcoming from AIQ, GSS’ lawyers served a statutory demand
on the company on 16 December 2019, demanding payment of the sum of
US$1,124,864.00. After AIQ failed to comply with the statutory demand, it was
wound up on 5 June 2020. Joe did not resist the winding-up application. The
liquidator whom Joe nominated was appointed as AIQ’s liquidator – instead of
the liquidator nominated by GSS. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at paras 124-125 and p 572-573; AEIC of 1st Pf at para 162.

26 Prior to the winding-up of AIQ, AIQ had on 23 October 2019 assigned its
Secured Patents to GSS. Marcus signed the agreement to assign the Secured
Patents (“Assignment Agreement”) on behalf of AIQ. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 167 and p 762-769.

27 On 16 December 2019, TCP was similarly served by GSS’ lawyers with a
statutory demand for the repayment of loans amounting to $572,127.18. As TCP
failed to comply with the statutory demand, it too was wound up on 5 June
2020. Again, Joe did not resist the winding-up application. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at paras 126-127, p 576-577.

The liquidator whom Joe nominated was also appointed as TCP’s liquidator.

The parties’ pleaded cases

28 I next summarise the parties’ pleaded cases.

Plaintiffs’ pleaded case

29 In their Statement of Claim, the Plaintiffs pleaded two causes of action
against the 3rd to 7th Defendants: first, a cause of action in minority
oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies
Act”); and second, the common law tort of conspiracy with intent to injure
and/or to cause loss to the Plaintiffs.

Key allegations of the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case

30 Much of the Plaintiffs’ case rested on two central propositions. The first
was that a mutual understanding and agreement existed between Joe and GSS
(“Understanding and Agreement”), which – according to the Plaintiffs – was
entered into sometime in early 2017. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19.

According to the Plaintiffs, this Understanding and Agreement was intended by
Joe and GSS to govern the future conduct and management of AIQ and TCP, and
formed the basis on which Joe and GSS were to continue funding AIQ. The terms
of the Understanding and Agreement were said to include the following: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19; AEIC of 1st Pf at para 40.

(a) From January 2017 until the point in time when AIQ became financially
independent, Joe and GSS would bear AIQ’s costs and expenses, with GSS bearing
two-thirds of these costs and expenses and Joe bearing one-third (“2:1 Funding
Agreement”);

(b) Joe would receive full financial information about AIQ’s business and its
progress;

(c) Joe would remain a director and the Chairman of AIQ for which he would
continue to receive his agreed remuneration;

(d) Joe and GSS’ nominees would be directors of AIQ and would participate in
the conduct of AIQ’s business;

(e) GSS’ nominee-directors would utilise the funding provided to advance the
development and sale of artificial intelligence and the offering of offline-
online-offline integrated solutions (“Principal Object”), particularly the
development and commercialisation of AIQ’s VRT; 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 4.

(f) TCP was to be incorporated so that it would become an additional source of
revenue for AIQ, and also so that it would provide AIQ with a talent pool to
recruit from and to look to for the generation of business ideas;

(g) Joe would receive full financial information about TCP’s business and its
progress; and

(h) Joe and GSS’ nominees would be directors of TCP and would participate in
the conduct of the business of TCP.

31 The Plaintiffs also pleaded that “(b)y reason of the Understanding and
Agreement and close business relationship”, Joe (through Thames) and GSS were
“in a quasi-partnership as the largest shareholders of [AIQ] and the only
parties continuing to fund [AIQ]” as at 2017. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 23.

32 The second proposition underlying the Plaintiff’s case concerned GSS’ role
in AIQ and TCP: the Plaintiffs claimed that GSS played a far bigger role than
that of a shareholder in AIQ. According to the Plaintiffs, GSS was a shadow
director of AIQ and TCP who exercised control over the two companies through
the directors, ie, the 4th to 7th Defendants. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 20B.

33 In gist, the Plaintiffs claimed that the 3rd to 7th Defendants had teamed
up to drive Joe out of AIQ and to obtain the Secured Patents for themselves.
Per the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, this campaign against Joe started with GSS
covertly usurping control of the AIQ board by getting the 4th to 7th
Defendants appointed as directors 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 20.

. Having been so appointed, the 4th to 7th Defendants then acted in accordance
with GSS’ instructions and directions. Their actions allegedly included the
following: excluding Joe from the day-to-day management of AIQ and TCP; 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 25.

spending funds meant for AIQ on TCP expenses instead; 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 31-39.

pressuring Joe to transfer some of his AIQ shares to GSS for nominal
consideration; 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 40-41A.

denying Joe’s right to inspect the books and records of AIQ and TCP; 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 48-51A and 59A.

refusing to pay Joe his outstanding salary; and refusing repayment of the
loans made by Joe to AIQ. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 60-81B.

34 While the 4th to 7th Defendants were carrying out these alleged acts
against Joe, GSS himself was alleged to have breached the Understanding and
Agreement with Joe by reneging on the 2:1 Funding Agreement. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 38.

Without funding, AIQ floundered. Sometime in late January to early February
2018, the Rights Issue was carried out for the stated purpose of raising funds
for AIQ’s financial needs – despite Joe having pointed out various concerns.
It was this Rights Issue which caused substantial wrongful dilution to Joe’s
AIQ shareholding. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 42-45.

35 Subsequent to the Rights Issue, Joe was removed as a director of AIQ at
AIQ’s EGM on 28 May 2018 – despite the presence of procedural irregularities.
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 54B-54G.

The same EGM also approved the resolution calling for a Special Audit.
According to the Plaintiffs, the 3rd to 7th Defendants procured the Special
Audit Report for the purpose of using it to level accusations against Joe,
thereby compelling him to leave AIQ and Singapore altogether. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 82-84.

At TCP’s EGM on 29 March 2019, Joe was also removed as a director of TCP –
despite the meeting being inquorate. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 59B-59F.

36 In a final blow to the Plaintiffs, GSS applied to wind up AIQ and TCP on 5
June 2020. Per the Plaintiffs’ case, this was done for the purpose of causing
further prejudice to the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs charged that it was the
3rd to 7th Defendants who had actually caused AIQ to cease commercial efforts
and thus to fail. As part of AIQ’s winding-up, the 3rd to 7th Defendants also
caused AIQ to dispose of the Secured Patents to GSS, so that he could continue
to commercialise the VRT without Joe being involved. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 85C-86.

37 Per the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, this series of acts – and each individual
act – was oppressive vis-à-vis the Plaintiffs within the meaning of s 216 of
the Companies Act. Further, these acts constituted a breach by GSS of the
Understanding and Agreement and also constituted a conspiracy by the 3rd to
7th Defendants to breach the Understanding and Agreement. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 39, 45A, 54G, 59G, 68A, 71A, 81B, 85B and 86.

In gist, the Plaintiffs alleged that GSS had conspired and combined with the
4th to 7th Directors wrongfully and with intent to injure the Plaintiffs,
and/or that they had conspired and combined together with the sole or
predominant intention of injuring the Plaintiffs. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 86A, 86B.

38 The Plaintiffs claimed that they had suffered the following losses as a
result of the above actions by the 3rd to 7th Defendants: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 86C.

(a) Loss of investment capital in the form of equity capital paid by Joe as
his initial investment in AIQ, due to AIQ’s liquidation;

(b) Impairment of Joe’s ability to recover from AIQ outstanding loan amounts,
due to AIQ’s liquidation;

(c) Impairment of Joe’s ability to recover outstanding salary owed to him by
AIQ, due to AIQ’s liquidation;

(d) Damage done to Joe in the form of dilution of his AIQ shareholding and
substantial loss in the value of his shares;

(e) Costs and expenses incurred by the Plaintiffs in pursuing their claims for
the repayment of outstanding loans and the payment of Joe’s outstanding
salary;

(f) Costs and expenses incurred by Joe and business or investment
opportunities lost by him in having to leave Singapore to avoid the
embarrassment and reputational damage caused by the publication of the Special
Audit Report.

39 I have set out at [30]–[36] the two key themes in the Plaintiffs’ pleaded
narrative because I found it useful to bear these in mind when considering the
Plaintiffs’ case at the end of the trial. The Plaintiffs put forward multiple
allegations against the 3rd to the 7th Defendants in their pleadings as well
as in their closing submissions; and the ostensible complexity created by the
multitude of allegations was not helped by the Plaintiffs apparently deciding
to change their position on crucial parts of their case only in closing
submissions (see eg [215]–[217], [283]–[284] below). What did not change in
closing submissions, however, was the Plaintiffs’ insistence on an overarching
narrative which posited an Understanding and Agreement between Joe and GSS,
and depicted the latter as a shadow director who controlled the actions of
AIQ’s and TCP’s Directors.

40 I should add that this overarching narrative also applied to the
Plaintiffs’ case in unlawful means and lawful means conspiracy.

3rd Defendant’s (GSS’) pleaded case

41 GSS denied the two central propositions underlying the Plaintiffs’ case in
minority oppression. First, GSS denied the existence of an “Understanding and
Agreement” between him and Joe as pleaded by the Plaintiffs (at [30] above).
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 23.

GSS also asserted that although he and Joe were the largest shareholders of
AIQ as at 2017 and although they were the only two shareholders providing
funding to AIQ at that time, there was no “close” business relationship
between them; much less a “quasi-partnership”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 29.

42 Second, GSS asserted that he had never been a “shadow director” of AIQ and
TCP – nor had he acted together with the 4th to 7th Defendants to injure the
Plaintiffs’ interests in the two companies. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 9.

At all material times, he was simply an investor and shareholder in AIQ and
the 4th to 7th Defendants were not accustomed to act in accordance with his
directions or instructions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 10; AEIC of 3rd Df at paras 24-34.

While he had nominated Leslie to AIQ’s board of directors, Joe remained the
Executive Chairman of AIQ between July 2014 and 28 May 2018. It was Joe,
therefore, who was in charge of AIQ during that period of time. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 24.

As for TCP’s board of directors, GSS played no part in nominating the 4th to
7th Defendants to the TCP board, nor did he have any knowledge of the matters
relating to TCP’s shareholding. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 25-26.

43 In fact, according to GSS, as he was not involved in the management of AIQ
and TCP, he had no knowledge of most of the matters alleged by the Plaintiffs.
These included the following allegations:

(a) That there was deliberate exclusion of Joe from the management and
commercial direction of AIQ and TCP; 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 31.

(b) That funds meant for AIQ had been diverted to TCP instead; 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 32.

(c) That Joe was denied access to TCP’s financial information; 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 35.

(d) That Joe had to file an application in HC/OS 624/2018 under ss 199(3) and
199(5) of the Companies Act to inspect and take copies of AIQ’s and TCP’s
accounting and other records (“Inspection Application”), which was resisted by
the 4th to 7th Defendants; 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment no.2) at para 54.

(e) That the 4th to 7th Defendants denied Joe payment of his outstanding
salary; 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 56.

and

(f) That the 4th to 7th Defendants also denied Joe the repayment of
outstanding loans owed by AIQ to him. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 60.

44 In respect of the remaining allegations, GSS contended that the acts
complained of by the Plaintiffs – such as the EGM which led to Joe’s removal
from the AIQ board – were all above-board and that there was no ulterior
motive behind these acts. There was thus no basis for the Plaintiffs to claim
that they were victims of minority oppression, let alone a conspiracy to
injure them. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at paras 41, 46-49 and 67.

4th-7th Defendants’ pleaded cases

45 As for the 4th to 7th Defendants, they did not plead to the Understanding
and Agreement. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 24.

They also denied that GSS was a shadow director of AIQ and TCP and/or that
they had been accustomed to acting in accordance with his instructions. At all
material times from the date of their respective appointments as AIQ
directors, they had acted independently, and in the best interest of AIQ, in
the discharge of their duties and responsibilities. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 4, 25.

Further, the 4th to 7th Defendants denied that they had combined or agreed
(whether with each other or with any other Defendant) to cause loss to the
Plaintiffs pursuant to a conspiracy or at all. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 5.

46 In respect of the individual acts of oppression alleged by the Plaintiffs,
the 4th to 7th Defendants contended that many of these alleged acts had in
fact been carried out in the best interests of AIQ (eg the Rights Issue was
carried out to raise much needed fresh capital for AIQ’s operational expenses)
109

##### Foot Note 109

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 36.

, and/or that the alleged acts had not in fact occurred (eg the 4th to 7th
Defendants had already met Joe’s request for information relating to AIQ and
TCP). 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at paras 38-39.

In any case, according to the 4th to 7th Defendants, the Plaintiffs were
unable to demonstrate that they had suffered any loss or damage. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 47.

Issues to be determined

47 The following issues arose for my determination:

(a) Whether the Plaintiffs had the locus standi to bring the present action
for minority oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act;

(b) Whether Joe’s actions were relevant to the court’s assessment of whether
there was “commercial unfairness” for the purposes of the claim for minority
oppression;

(c) If the Plaintiffs had requisite locus standi to bring the action under s
216 of the Companies Act, whether their claim of minority oppression was made
out;

(d) Whether there was a conspiracy between the 3rd to 7th Defendants to injure
and/or cause loss to the Plaintiffs by unlawful means;

(e) Whether there was a conspiracy between the 3rd to 7th Defendants with the
sole or predominant intention to injure the Plaintiffs and/or cause loss to
the Plaintiffs by lawful means.

48 I consider these issues in seriatim.

Pleadings: General principles

49 At the outset, the 3rd to 7th Defendants’ contention that the Plaintiffs’
closing submissions departed from their pleaded case in a number of
significant ways. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

3rd Df Reply Submissions at paras 18, 23, 27, 36-37 and 42; 4-7th Df Reply
Submissions at paras 2-60.

In these written grounds, I will explain my findings in respect of the
Plaintiffs’ alleged attempts to deviate from their pleaded case. For ease of
reference, I first summarise below the principles which I bore in mind in
considering the Defendants’ objections.

50 As a general rule, a “court may not make a finding or give a decision based
on facts not pleaded and a finding or decision so made will be set aside” (Wei
Ho-Hung v Lyu Jun [2022] 2 SLR 1066 at [62]–[63]; China Construction (South
Pacific) Development Co Pte Ltd v Shao Hai [2004] 2 SLR(R) 479 (“China
Construction”) at [26]; Lu Bang Song v Teambuild Construction Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal [2009] SGHC 49 (“Lu Bang Song”) at [16]). Facts
that are material to a party’s claim or a party’s defence must be pleaded
(Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v Intraco Ltd and others [1992]
2 SLR(R) 382 (“Multi-Pak”) at [22]–[23]). The definition of “material” in this
context has been explained by the High Court in UJT v UTR and another matter
[2018] 4 SLR 931 (“UJT v UJR”) (at [48]):

“Material” means necessary for the purpose of formulating a complete cause of
action, and if any one material statement is omitted, the statement of claim
is bad: Bruce v Odhams Press Ltd [1936] 1 KB 697 at 712 per Scott LJ, approved
by the Singapore High Court in Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd v Intraco Ltd
[1992] 2 SLR(R) 382 at [29]. And even if the facts are not material to the
cause of action, they may be facts in issue at the trial, and they would
therefore be material facts that must be pleaded to avoid surprise at trial:
see Millington v Loring (1881) 6 QBD 190 at 195 per Lord Selborne LC.

51 The above principle is also encapsulated in O 18 r 7(1) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) which states:

Facts, not evidence, to be pleaded (O.18, r.7)

7.—(1) Subject to this Rule and Rules 10, 11 and 12, every pleading must
contain, and contain only, a statement in a summary form of the material facts
on which the party pleading relies for his claim or defence, as the case may
be, but not the evidence by which those facts are to be proved, and the
statement must be as brief as the nature of the case admits.

52 The rationale behind this principle is to prevent surprises from arising at
trial by defining the issues in dispute between the parties (Lu Bang Song at
[17]; UJT v UJR at [48]) and also to provide the opposing party with adequate
opportunity to prepare and present his own case, by informing the opposing
party in advance of the case to be met (China Construction at [26]; Multi-Pak
at [22]–[23]).

53 Departure from this general principle is normally permitted only in limited
circumstances. Although a court retains the discretion to allow an unpleaded
point to be raised, this is done chiefly when no prejudice is caused to the
other party in the trial or where it would be clearly unjust for the court to
withhold its permissions (Malayan Banking Bhd v ASL Shipyard Pte Ltd and
others [2019] SGHC 61 (“Malayan Banking”),at [42]–[43]).

Whether the Plaintiffs had locus standi to bring proceedings under s 216 of
the Companies Act in respect of the alleged oppression of their rights as
members of the 1st Defendant (AIQ)

54 I first address the preliminary issue of locus standi. This arose in
respect of the allegations of oppression of the Plaintiffs’ rights as members
of AIQ.

55 The Plaintiffs’ locus standi to bring the AIQ-related claims of oppression
was put in issue by the 3rd to 7th Defendants in their closing submissions.
They contended that Joe lacked the locus standi to bring the AIQ-related
claims because Joe ceased to be a member of AIQ after transferring his shares
to Thames on 14 December 2017. As at the date when the present suit was filed
on 25 September 2018, therefore, Joe had no standing to pursue the oppression
claim under s 216 of the Companies Act insofar as it related to AIQ. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

3rd Defendant Closing Subs at paras 13-20.

56 As for Thames, the Defendants contended that it too had no locus standi to
bring the AIQ-related claims of oppression, despite being a registered member
of AIQ as of 25 September 2018. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

3rd Defendant Closing Subs at para 19; 4th to 7th Defendants’ Closing Subs at
para 12.

This, according to the Defendants, was because the AIQ-related allegations of
oppression concerned acts which were said to have been commercially unfair to
Joe. These allegations had nothing to do with Thames; and Thames could not
claim that it had been oppressed. In particular, Thames could not claim to
have been oppressed by breaches of the purported Understanding and Agreement
when – on the Plaintiffs’ own case – Thames was not a party to the agreement.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

3rd Defendant Closing Subs at para 19; 4th to 7th Defendant Closing Subs at
paras 11-12.

57 Initially, the Plaintiffs attempted to ward off the Defendants’ challenge
to their locus standi by arguing that the point had never been pleaded in
their respective defences and should therefore not be raised in closing
submissions. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s Reply to Closing Subs at para 4.

I rejected this objection. An examination of the parties’ pleadings showed
that the Plaintiffs had pleaded at para 10 of their Statement of Claim that
they were seeking relief under s 216 of the Companies Act “in their respective
capacities as beneficial shareholder and registered shareholder of the [AIQ],
and [Joe] in his capacity as the beneficial and registered shareholder of
[TCP]”. In response, GSS and the 4th to 7th Defendants had in their respective
Defences pleaded a denial of this particular paragraph of the Statement of
Claim. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 19; 4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment
No.1) at para 18.

GSS had further pleaded that “[i]n particular, [GSS] denies that the
Plaintiffs are entitled to seek relief under section 216 of the Companies
Act”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 19.

58 In any event, given that locus standi was a threshold issue, I was
disinclined to dismiss the point solely on the technical basis that it had not
(according to the Plaintiffs) been expressly pleaded by the Defendants. It was
incumbent on the Plaintiffs to address fully the issue of locus standi, and
even more fundamentally, to ensure that they had the requisite standing to
bring the present action in respect of AIQ.

59 As the issue of the Plaintiffs’ locus standi was not fully addressed in the
closing submissions, I directed parties to file further submissions on this
issue (amongst others). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Minutes of 21 February 2023 hearing at p 1-3.

I summarise below the parties’ further submissions on the locus standi issue
before explaining my decision.

Chronology of the Plaintiffs’ shareholding changes in AIQ

60 By way of background, I reproduce substantially below a table provided by
the Plaintiffs which shows the timeline of the oppressive acts alleged against
the 3rd to 7th Defendants, as well as the status of the Plaintiffs’
shareholding at the relevant times. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 4.

Date| Oppressive Act| Status of the Plaintiffs’ AIQ shareholding  
---|---|---  
February / March 2017 | Understanding and Agreement entered into with GSS| Partly Joe, partly via Biotech 1 Limited (a company which Joe had 50% shareholding in at the material time)  
10 October 2017| Breach of the 2:1 Funding Agreement| Joe  
16 May 2017 to 9 November 2017| Wrongful diversion of funds and resources from
AIQ to TCPUnauthorised loans from AIQ to TCP in breach of section 163 of the
Companies Act| Joe  
14 November 2017| Wrongful denial of Joe’s requests to inspect, have access to
information of AIQ and TCP (1st request)| Joe  
15 January 2018 to 10 May 2018| Wrongful denial of Joe’s requests to inspect,
have access to information of AIQ and TCP (2nd to 4th requests)| Thames  
27 January 2018| Wrongfully procuring AIQ to deny liability for outstanding
salary and loans owed by AIQ to Joe| Thames  
30 January 2018| Wrongful dilution of Joe’s / Thames’ shareholding through the
2018 Rights Issue| Thames  
28 May 2018| Wrongful removal of Joe as director of AIQ| Thames  
9 April 2018 to 14 August 2018| Procuring the issuance of the Special Audit Report | Thames  
29 March 2019| Wrongful removal of Joe as a director of TCP| Thames  
23 October 2019| The Assignment Agreement| Thames  
15 January 2020 to 5 June 2020| Wrongfully engineering the winding up of AIQ and TCP | Thames  
  
Joe’s standing to bring the oppression claim

Parties’ positions

61 I address first the issue of Joe’s locus standi to bring suit in respect of
the AIQ-related allegations of oppression. All parties were agreed that as a
starting point, a claimant wishing to bring a minority oppression suit under s
216 Companies Act must be a registered member of the company: non-registered
beneficial shareholders do not have standing to bring a suit under s 216. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 6; 3rd Df Further Submissions at para 5;
4th-7th Df Further Submissions at paras 3-5.

62 All parties were also agreed that there were two exceptions to this general
rule. Firstly, s 216(7) Companies Act provides that s 216 applies to a person
who is not a member of the company but to whom shares in the company have been
transmitted by operation of law as it applies to members of a company. Parties
were agreed that s 216(7) had no application in the present case.

63 Secondly, there is case law which establishes that a defendant to a
minority oppression suit brought by a non-member may be estopped from relying
on the claimant’s lack of locus standi if the defendant is guilty of
unconscionable or inequitable conduct (Kitnasamy s/o Marudapan v Nagatheran
s/o Manogar [2000] 1 SLR(R) 542 (“Kitnasamy”) at [26]–[27]; and Owen Sim Liang
Khui v Piasau Jaya Sdn Bhd [1996] 1 MLJ 113 (“Owen Sim”) at 135). 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 7; 3rd Df Further Submissions at para 10;
4th-7th Df Further Submissions at para 16.

In the present case, the bone of contention between the Plaintiffs and the 3rd
to 7th Defendants centred on whether such an estoppel arose in Joe’s favour.

64 The Plaintiffs argued that such an estoppel did arise in their favour in
the present case. This, according to the Plaintiffs, was based on the 3rd to
7th Defendants’ conduct in having continued to treat Joe as the shareholder of
AIQ despite their being aware that he had transferred his shares to Thames.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 26.

For example, they had continued to approach Joe directly when seeking to raise
funds for AIQ. In the circumstances, it would have been apparent to the 3rd to
7th Defendants that Joe’s participation in the affairs of AIQ remained
unaffected by the transfer of his shareholding to Thames; and this extended to
the Understanding and Agreement. According to the Plaintiffs, therefore, the
3rd to 7th Defendants had effectively represented that they would continue to
treat Joe and Thames as “one and the same”. This meant that they were now
estopped from asserting that Joe and Thames should be treated separately for
the purpose of assessing their interest and locus standi. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 27.

65 The 3rd to 7th Defendants argued, on the other hand, that the estoppel
exception did not apply in this case. In Kitnasamy and Owen Sim, the claimants
were not registered members of the companies in question because of the
actions and omissions of the respondents. It was this specific factor that
caused the respondents to be estopped from challenging the appellants’ locus
standi. Indeed, the court in each of these two cases concluded that it would
be unjust and inequitable to allow the respondents to do so. In contrast, in
the present case, Joe had transferred his AIQ shares to Thames and ceased to
be a member of AIQ of his own volition; the 3rd to 7th Defendants were not
involved in Joe’s decision nor in the transfer of the shares in any way. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

4th-7th Df Further Submissions at paras 16.

Having transferred his shares to Thames of his own accord, there was no basis
for Joe to complain of inequitable conduct on the part of the 3rd to 7th
Defendants. As the court in Lim Seng Wah and another v Han Meng Siew and
others [2016] SGHC 177 (“Lim Seng Wah”) (at [13]) pointed out, “where a
registered shareholder has freely disposed of his shares … he will no longer
have locus standi once he has ceased to be registered as a member”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

3rd Df Further Submissions at paras 10-13; 4th-7th Df Further Submissions at
para 17.

My Decision

66 Having considered parties’ submissions, I concluded that Joe had no locus
standi to bring minority oppression proceedings against the 3rd to 7th
Defendants insofar as the allegations of oppression related to his rights as a
shareholder of AIQ. My reasons were as follows.

67 As all parties have acknowledged in their submissions, for the purposes of
minority oppression proceedings under s 216 of the Companies Act, only a party
who is a registered member of the company as at the time of commencing the
proceedings has locus standi to seek relief under s 216 of the Companies Act.
Sections 216(1) and (7) of the Companies Act make provision as to who may
apply for relief under s 216; namely, any member of the company or any person
who is not a member but to whom shares in the company have been transmitted by
operation of law:

Personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice

216.—(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of a
declared company under Part 9, the Minister, may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

…

(7) This section applies to a person who is not a member of a company but to
whom shares in the company have been transmitted by operation of law as it
applies to members of a company; and references to a member or members are to
be construed accordingly.

68 The term “member” is defined in s 19(6) of the Companies Act:

Members of company

(6) The subscribers to the constitution are deemed to have agreed to become
members of the company and on the incorporation of the company shall be
entered as members —

(a) in the case of a public company, in the register of members kept by the
public company under section 190; or

(b) in the case of a private company, in the electronic register of members
kept by the Registrar under section 196A.

(6A) Apart from the subscribers mentioned in subsection (6), every other
person who agrees to become a member of a company and whose name is entered —

(a) in the case of a public company, in the register of members kept by the
public company under section 190; or

(b) in the case of a private company, in the electronic register of members
kept by the Registrar under section 196A,

is a member of the company.

(7) Upon the application of a company and payment of the prescribed fee, the
Registrar shall issue to the company a certificate of confirmation of
incorporation.

69 Read together, the above provisions make it clear that locus standi to
bring a claim in oppression depends on the would-be claimant being a
registered member of the company. This condition applies even if the would-be
claimant is the beneficial owner of shares held by registered shareholders of
the company (Tan Chin Hoon and others v Tan Choo Suan and others [2010] SGHC
340 (“Tan Chin Hoon”) at [54]). This is because trusts (whether express,
implied or constructive) are not recognised under the Companies Act by virtue
of s 195(4), which states that:

Limitation of liability of trustee, etc., registered as holder of shares

…

(4) Subject to this section, no notice of any trust expressed, implied or
constructive shall be entered in a register or be receivable by the Registrar
and no liabilities shall be affected by anything done in pursuance to
subsection (1), (2) or (3) or pursuant to the law of any other place which
corresponds to this section and the company concerned shall not be affected by
notice of any trust by anything so done.

70 Joe was not a registered member of AIQ at the point the present suit was
commenced. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 4.

Joe would need, therefore, to show that he fell within one of the recognised
exceptions to the statutory requirement of registered membership. As all
parties were agreed that the exception in s 216(7) did not apply to Joe, I do
not address s 216(7) in these written grounds. Instead, Joe argued that the
3rd to 7th Defendants were estopped from denying his locus standi to pursue
the AIQ-related oppression claim, per the exception allowed by the courts in
Kitnasamy and Owen Sim.

71 In Owen Sim, the first respondent was a private company. The appellant was
a registered shareholder of the company who held 1,500 shares. The company
wrote to the appellant alleging that he owed it a sum of RM111,734.60.
Although the appellant denied owing this sum, the company took action against
him by passing a board resolution to sell his shares in satisfaction of the
alleged debt. The proceeds from the sale of the shares proved insufficient to
satisfy the alleged debt, and the company continued to press the appellant to
pay the balance. The appellant brought a minority oppression action under s
181 of the Companies Act 1965. At first instance, the company’s application to
strike out the petition was allowed by the trial judge, who cited as one of
his reasons the appellant’s lack of standing to bring the action.

72 On appeal, the Malaysian Federal Court disagreed with the trial judge’s
reasoning. The court accepted, as a starting point, the general rule that a
petitioner bringing an action under s 181 had to be able to “demonstrate that
his name appeared on the company’s register of members at the date of
presentation of the petition”. If this could not be done, then the petitioner
had no standing. However, the Federal Court stressed that this was merely a
general – and not a universal – rule; and that there were cases where it would
be unjust to apply the general rule. The Court gave the following example:

Take, for instance, the case of a person who has agreed to become a member,
but whose name has been omitted from the register of members. If it transpires
that prior to the dispute leading to the presentation of the petition, a
company or its board had always treated the complainant as a member, it would
not be open to them to assert that the petitioner lacked locus standi.
Examples may be multiplied without any principle emerging from them. Take the
facts of this very case. Here, we have a fact pattern where the appellant`s
membership of the company had been terminated in circumstances which are being
challenged by him on substantial grounds. The substantial ground he complains
of is the deprivation of his membership in the company. He says that the
circumstances attending this deprivation of membership falls within the
framework of s181(1)(a) and (b). It is the company, acting through its board,
that had deprived the appellant of the status of a member. Can the company be
now heard to say that the appellant is no longer a member and is therefore
disentitled from moving the court under s 181 of the Act and from questioning
that very deprivation in proceedings brought under the section? We think not.
For it does not lie in the mouth of the alleged wrongdoers to say that the
appellant has no ground to stand on after having cut the very ground from
under his feet.

[emphasis added in bold]

73 On the above basis, the Federal Court took the view that the doctrine of
estoppel could be applied to “prevent or preclude a litigant from raising the
provisions of a statute in answer to a claim made against him in circumstances
where it would be unjust or inequitable to permit him so to do”. As the Court
put it, “a respondent who is guilty of unconscionable or inequitable conduct
[would] not be permitted to raise or rely upon the requirement of membership
in order to defeat a petitioner`s standing as this would amount to his using
statute as an engine of fraud”. The company, having deprived the appellant of
his membership, was estopped from asserting that he lacked the requisite
standing to bring a claim for minority oppression.

74 In Kitnasamy, the appellant and the first respondent (“Nagan”) shared a
decade-long friendship. The second respondent (“Siva”) was Nagan’s uncle. The
appellant had experience in track-laying works from his job as a piling and
civil engineering contractor. Nagan had approached the appellant and informed
him that there was a project for track-laying works for the new North-East MRT
line. A joint venture (“TUS”) consisting of Tekken Corporation (“Tekken”),
Union Construction Co Ltd and Singapore Piling and Civil Engineering Pte Ltd
was seeking to secure the project. The appellant, Nagan and Siva agreed that
they would be equal partners if they were successful in obtaining a
subcontract from TUS in relation to the project, and that the appellant would
be made a director and shareholder in the company to be used as the vehicle
for carrying out the project. However, Siva failed to transfer the shares to
the appellant. A search that was subsequently done at the Registry of
Companies (“RCS”) showed the appellant to be registered as a director, but not
a shareholder, of the company. When the appellant queried the company’s
auditor, he was told that the RCS would update the records after the annual
returns were filed, and that 33,333 shares had been issued and registered in
his name.

75 Sometime after the company secured the project, the appellant received a
notice calling for an extraordinary general meeting for the purpose of
removing him as a director. He applied to court for an interlocutory
injunction to restrain the respondents from proceeding, arguing inter alia
that their conduct was oppressive. The case went on appeal after the first-
instance judge refused to grant the interlocutory injunction. One issue which
arose on appeal was whether the appellant had locus standi to sue under s 216.
The Court of Appeal (“CA”) acknowledged (at [25]) that under s 216, only a
member or a holder of a debenture of a company was entitled to seek relief,
and that a registered shareholder was a member. It was essential for this
purpose that a shareholder’s name be on the register. That being said, while
the RCS search did not show that the appellant was a registered shareholder of
the company, this was not conclusive. The CA pointed out that the appellant
had been informed that he was a registered shareholder and that the RCS
records would be updated after the annual returns were filed. Referencing Owen
Sim, the CA noted (at [26]) that the Federal Court had held in that case that
“under certain circumstances, it would be possible for a person whose name was
not on the register of members to petition under s 181 of the Companies Act
1965 (the Malaysian equivalent of our s 216)”. Noting that this exception
operated on the basis that the respondents would be estopped from raising an
objection to the petitioner’s locus standi, the CA held (at [27]) that the
respondents in Kitnasamy were estopped from asserting that the appellant was
not a member. The CA pointed out that the appellant had agreed to become a
shareholder of the company and had rendered invaluable services to it: it was
entirely the default of those responsible for the administration of the
company (including the respondents) that the appellant’s name had not been
entered in the register of the company. The appellant’s belief that he was a
member was reinforced not only by what the company’s auditor told him, but
also by the fact that he had been sent the notice of the EGM and a proxy form
– ie, documents which were only despatched to members.

76 From the above, it may be seen that the facts of the present case were
clearly distinguishable from the facts of Kitnasamy and Owen Sim. Unlike the
respondents in Kitnasamy and Owen Sim whose inequitable conduct was found to
have resulted in the appellants not being registered members, the 3rd to 7th
Defendants in this case had no part to play in Joe ceasing to be a registered
member of AIQ.

77 More fundamentally, the judgments in Kitnasamy and Owen Sim made it clear
that they were allowing only a narrow exception to the statutory requirement
that a claimant in a minority oppression suit must be a registered member: in
order for a non-member to assert successfully that the defendant was estopped
from denying his standing to bring the suit, there must be shown an element of
unconscionability in the defendant’s conduct, and this unconscionable conduct
had to relate to the circumstances in which the claimant’s name was omitted
from the register of members. In both Kitnasamy and Owen Sim, the respondents’
conduct had led to the appellants/ claimants not being registered members of
the company; and without being registered members, the appellants had no
standing to pursue their claims of oppression against the respondents. This
meant that in substance, the respondents’ wrongful actions against the
appellants not only led to wrongdoing against the appellants, but also caused
the latter to lack the standing to pursue their claims in respect of such
wrongdoing. In such a scenario, the respondents would clearly be using the
Companies Act as an “engine of fraud” if they were to invoke the appellants’
lack of locus standi (Owen Sim at 135). It was in these circumstances that an
element of unconscionability was found to arise in both Kitnasamy and Owen
Sim: in each case, the respondents’ wrongful actions against the appellant
constituted the reason for the latter’s lack of standing under the Companies
Act, and it was therefore inequitable for the respondents to rely on the
requirements of the statute in denying the appellants’ lack of standing.

78 In the present case, the Plaintiffs contended that the 3rd to 7th
Defendants had treated Joe “as if” he was the registered shareholder of AIQ,
and that Joe himself had acted on the basis that he – “being one and the same
as Thames” 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Pf Reply Submissions at para 11.

– would for all intents and purposes continue to be the registered
shareholder. In these circumstances, the Plaintiffs argued, it would be
unconscionable of the 3rd to 7th Defendants to object at this juncture to
Joe’s standing to sue under s 216 of the Companies Act.

79 In my view, the present case simply did not fit within the narrow confines
of the estoppel exception allowed in Kitnasamy and Owen Sim. To reiterate, the
present case was one where Joe had voluntarily transferred his AIQ
shareholding to Thames: Joe did not cease to be a member of AIQ as a result of
anything done (or omitted to be done) by the 3rd to 7th Defendants. In fact,
it should be highlighted that it was Joe himself who had “long requested” and
insisted that the 3rd to 7th Defendants effect the transfer of his AIQ shares
to Thames, his “children’s trust”. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

5ABOD at p 300-301.

There was no basis, therefore, for the Plaintiffs to accuse the 3rd to 7th
Defendants of unconscionable conduct in relation to Joe’s present status as a
non-member.

80 In coming to the above conclusion, I found support in the High Court’s
judgment in Lim Seng Wah (at [12]–[13]). In that case, Chua JC (as he then
was) distinguished Kitnasamy on the basis that the appellant in Kitnasamy “was
for all intents and purposes a shareholder except that the company had not
registered him as one”. As such, the respondents – who had failed to effect
the registration – could not challenge the appellant’s locus standi of the
applicants. Chua JC also cited with approval the statement in R Hollington QC,
Hollington on Shareholders’ Rights (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2013) at para
9-15, that “where a registered shareholder has freely disposed of his shares …
he will no longer have locus standi once he has ceased to be registered as a
member” [emphasis added in bold italics]. This was because (at [13]):

it is trite that the matters complained of under s 216 must affect the
applicant qua shareholder and that the court’s powers under s 216(2) are to be
exercised “with a view to bringing to an end or remedying the matters
complained of”. With one exception, it is difficult to see how a plaintiff
would still be entitled to a remedy under s 216 if he has ceased to be a
shareholder. In such circumstances, it seems to me quite pointless to allow
the plaintiff to carry on with the action. The one exception is where the
events which caused the plaintiff to cease to be a shareholder are also the
subject matter of the complaint under s 216.

[emphasis added in bold]

81 Finally, it must be pointed out that having voluntarily transferred the AIQ
shares to Thames, if Joe was (as he claimed) the sole beneficial owner of
these AIQ shares, he could have arranged for Thames to transfer the shares
back to him prior to seeking relief under s 216 for the alleged oppression of
his rights as an AIQ shareholder. After all, s 216 plainly requires that a
claimant be a registered member. For reasons best known to the Plaintiffs,
they failed to take any steps to resolve the issue of Joe’s locus standi
before filing the suit. The procedural bind they have ended up in is,
unfortunately, entirely of their own making.

Thames’s standing to bring the oppression claim

Parties’ positions

82 I address next Thames’ locus standi to seek relief under s 216 of the
Companies Act in respect of the AIQ-related allegations of oppression.

83 Prima facie, Thames, as the registered member of AIQ, has locus standi to
seek relief under s 216. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 6; 3rd Df Further Submissions at para 14;
4th-7th Df Further Submissions at para 21.

However, the 3rd to 7th Defendants contended that Thames lacked locus standi
in the present suit. Per the 3rd to 7th Defendants, Thames had no basis to
complain about its rights as a member being oppressed, because on the
Plaintiffs’ own case, the oppressive acts were directed at Joe and not Thames.
Moreover, some of the oppressive acts had allegedly been carried out against
Joe after Thames became the registered shareholder in place of Joe. Thames
could not complain of having suffered commercial unfairness as a result of the
alleged acts of oppression. Since Thames and Joe were not one and the same
entity, the interests of Thames and Joe were not one and the same. In this
connection, the Defendants cited inter alia the case of Suying Design Pte Ltd
v Ng Kian Huan Edmund [2020] 2 SLR 221 (“Suying Design”) (at [123]), where the
CA held that ultimately “the conduct complained of under s 216 must affect the
member in his capacity as member” [emphasis added]. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

3rd Df Further Submissions at para 18; see also, 4th-7th Df Further
Submissions at paras 22-23.

84 Further, per GSS, insofar as the Plaintiffs’ allegations of oppression were
premised on breaches of the Understanding and Agreement, this was (according
to the Plaintiffs themselves) an agreement entered into only as between Joe
and GSS. The Plaintiffs did not allege that Joe had entered into the
Understanding and Agreement as Thames’ agent or representative; nor was it
ever part of the Plaintiffs’ case that Thames had become a party to the
Understanding and Agreement upon becoming an AIQ shareholder. Since Thames was
not a party to the Understanding and Agreement, it followed that Thames could
have no legitimate expectations under the Understanding and Agreement; and it
therefore could not rely on any alleged breaches of the Understanding and
Agreement in support of its minority oppression claim. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

3rd Df Further Submissions at para 22.

85 According to the 4th to 7th Defendants, Thames’ inability to demonstrate
that its interests as shareholder had been prejudiced was fatal to its attempt
to seek relief under s 216 of the Companies Act, because “an applicant under
[s 216] has to show that he is an aggrieved shareholder, i.e. that the conduct
complained of is commercially unfair to him”: see Lim Seng Wah (at [20]) 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

4th-7th Defendants’ Further Submissions at para 22.

; also Chow Kwok Ching v Chow Kwok Chi and others [2008] 4 SLR(R) 577 (“Chow
Kwok Ching”) (at [89]), where the court held that s 216(1)(a) required the
oppression complained of to affect the complainant and not only another
shareholder who is not also a complainant. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

4th-7th Defendants’ Further Submissions at para 23.

86 The Plaintiffs, for their part, did not dispute the proposition that in
bringing proceedings under s 216 in its own name, Thames was required to show
that it had suffered prejudice to its interests which amounted to commercial
unfairness. Indeed, the Plaintiffs could not dispute this proposition, given
the clear state of the authorities: see Lim Seng Wah and Chow Kwok Ching.
However, the Plaintiffs argued that as the registered shareholder, Thames was
merely holding the AIQ shares as Joe’s nominee; that Joe remained the
beneficial owner of the AIQ shares; and that Thames’s interests were thus co-
extensive with Joe’s. On this basis, the Plaintiffs contended, it would be
artificial for the court – when assessing the s 216 claim brought in Thames’
name – to ignore the oppressive acts committed by the 3rd to 7th Defendants
against Joe in the period prior to Thames becoming a registered shareholder.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 14.

87 In support of the above proposition, the Plaintiffs cited inter alia
Atlasview. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Pf Further Submissions at paras 16-17.

In Atlasview, at [38], the court – in refusing to allow an application to
strike out proceedings brought under s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985 (which
is in pari materia with the local s 216 Companies Act provision) – found it
“well arguable” that the “interests” of a nominee shareholder under s 459 of
the UK Companies Act 1985 could include “the economic and contractual
interests of the beneficial owners of the shares”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 18.

The Plaintiffs argued that since Thames was a “nominee shareholder” for Joe,
Thames’ interests, for the purposes of its s 216 claim, should be capable of
including Joe’s “economic and contractual interests”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 19.

88 Further, the Plaintiffs argued, in seeking relief under s 216 of the
Companies Act, a member of the company was able to rely on oppressive acts
that had been done before he became a member of the company: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 11.

Lim Seng Wah at [23], Lloyd v Casey [2002] 1 BCLC 454 (“Lloyd”) at [50], and
Tyrion Holdings Ltd v Claydon [2015] NZHC 428 (“Tyrion Holdings”) at [23]. As
such, in bringing a suit under s 216, Thames could rely on the oppressive acts
committed against Joe in the period before it became a member of AIQ. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 13.

According to the Plaintiffs, not allowing Thames to rely on the oppressive
acts committed during Joe’s time as a shareholder for the purposes of Thames’s
own oppression claim would amount to imposing an “arbitrary” restriction on
the scope of the term “interests” in s 216 of the Companies Act and lead to
absurd results. It would mean that no matter how unfairly the 3rd to 7th
Defendants had treated Joe, Joe would “have an interest but no locus standi”,
whereas Thames would “have locus standi but no interest”, such that neither of
them would be able to seek relief. This, according to the Plaintiffs, was an
arbitrary result which the parliamentary draftsman could not have intended.
141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 25.

89 The Plaintiffs’ assertion that Thames held the AIQ shares as a bare nominee
or trustee for Joe was disputed by the 4th to 7th Defendants, who sought to
point to evidence refuting this assertion. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

4th-7th Df Further Submissions at para 29.

The 4th to 7th Defendants also highlighted the case of Re Edwardian Group Ltd,
Estera Trust (Jersey) Ltd and Anor v Singh and Ors [2018] EWHC 1715 (“Estera
Trust”). In Estera Trust, one of the issues in contention was whether a
trustee holding shares in a company on behalf of a beneficiary could assert
that its own interests as a member had been prejudiced, on the basis that the
beneficiary’s personal interest in remaining in management had been
prejudiced. The court in Estera Trust held that since the trusts were
discretionary trusts and not bare trusts, the beneficiary’s personal interests
could not be conflated with the interests of the trustee. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

4th-7th Defendants’ Further Submissions at paras 30-31.

The 4th to 7th Defendants contended, accordingly, that the principles espoused
in Atlasview were only applicable in a situation where the registered
shareholder was a bare nominee or trustee, as both the registered
shareholder’s and the beneficial shareholder’s interests would be aligned and
co-extensive in such a situation. If, however, the registered shareholder
turned out to not be a bare nominee (as with the discretionary trustee in
Estera Trust), the beneficial shareholder’s personal interests would no longer
be aligned with those of the registered shareholder; 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

4th-7th Defendants’ Further Submissions at para 32.

and in such a situation, it followed that the registered shareholder would not
be able to bring an oppression claim asserting the beneficial shareholder’s
personal interests as its own.

My Decision

90 While the 3rd to 7th Defendants accepted that a member seeking relief under
s 216 could in principle rely on oppressive acts that had been done before he
became a member of the company, they disputed Thames’ standing to bring a s
216 claim in respect of acts done to Joe prior to the transfer of his shares
to Thames. More generally, they disputed Thames’ standing to bring a s 216
claim in respect of acts done to Joe which did not prejudice Thames’ interests
as the registered member. This included acts which – according to the
Plaintiffs – constituted breaches of the Understanding and Agreement between
GSS and Joe. In this connection, the 4th to 7th Defendants also disputed the
Plaintiffs’ assertion that Thames’ interests as the registered member were
wholly aligned and co-extensive with Joe’s interests as the alleged beneficial
owner of the shares.

91 Before I address the parties’ arguments, I examine the relevant authorities
and outline the key legal principles established by these authorities which
were relevant to my consideration of Thames’ locus standi to bring the AIQ-
related oppression claims.

(1) The law relating to locus standi to bring a minority oppression claim
under s 216 Companies Act

(A) A registered member can bring an oppression suit in respect of oppressive
acts against the beneficial owner of the shares if he is a nominee for the
beneficial owner

92 In Lim Seng Wah, Chua JC (as he then was) pointed out, at [20], that “the
common thread underlying [s 216 of our Companies Act] is that of unfairness”,
with “[t]he common test [being] that of ‘a visible departure from the
standards of fair dealing and a violation of the conditions of fair play which
a shareholder is entitled to expect’”. In his view, this meant that “an
applicant under s 216 has to show that he is an aggrieved shareholder, ie,
that the conduct complained of is commercially unfair to him” [emphasis in
original]. In Lim Seng Wah, the plaintiffs (“Mr Lim”) and (“Mr Heah”) had sold
their shares to a third party (“Mr Kwok”) after failing to sell the shares to
the other shareholders. However, the defendants (“Mr Han”) and (“Mr Wang”),
who were the directors of the company, did not approve the transfer of the
plaintiffs’ shares to Mr Kwok. Finding themselves unable to exit the company,
the plaintiffs commenced an action under s 216 of the Companies Act against
the defendants. Unexpectedly, Mr Han and Mr Wang entered into a “Share Sales
and Purchase Deed” whereby they undertook to transfer the plaintiffs’ shares
to Mr Kwok by a certain date – and agreed, in addition, to buy the same shares
from Mr Kwok for $19.5m, subject to the latter successfully persuading the
plaintiffs to file a notice of discontinuance of their action. The transfer of
the shares by the plaintiffs to Mr Kwok was thereafter registered; and Mr Kwok
became the shareholder in place of the plaintiffs. However, the plaintiffs did
not discontinue their action; and the purchase of Mr Kwok’s shares by the
defendants did not materialise. Mr Kwok then applied to be joined as a
plaintiff to the oppression action; and in so doing, he sought to rely on the
claims made by Mr Lim and Mr Heah – as well as the evidence they had already
adduced in court. One of the issues in contention before the court was whether
Mr Kwok should be allowed to be joined as a plaintiff to the oppression
action.

93 Chua JC found (at [160]) that the defendants’ misconduct had been
commercially unfair to Mr Kwok because notwithstanding the fact that the
conduct complained off had taken place before Mr Kwok became a shareholder of
the company, the overpayment of directors’ fees and the payments to SVF –
which were the oppressive acts complained of – had “significantly reduced the
funds available to the Company”. In the circumstances, the defendants’
misconduct was commercially unfair to Mr Kwok.

94 In the present case, in respect of Thames’ locus standi to bring
proceedings under s 216, the key question of principle in contention was
whether a registered member could sue for oppression in respect of oppressive
acts done to the beneficial owner of the shares. While the parties were not
able to point me to any relevant local case law on this issue, a number of
English authorities were put forward. These appear to establish that a
registered member may bring such proceedings if he is a nominee shareholder
holding the shares on a bare trust, because in such a situation, the interests
of the registered member are regarded as being co-extensive and wholly aligned
with the beneficial owner’s interests. I refer to the cases of Atlasview,
Lloyd, Rock Nominee and Estera Trust, which I examine below.

95 In Atlasview, a company (“Brightview”) was incorporated for the purpose of
acquiring a number of internet providers, consolidating them and then selling
off the business as a going concern. A and B shares were issued. One of the
respondents (“Mr Shalson”), controlled the majority of the A shares through a
company (“Reedbest”). As for the B shares, the majority were controlled by Mr
Barton’s wife through another company, JGR. Both Mr Barton and his wife were
not registered as shareholders of Brightview, nor was Mr Barton the beneficial
shareholder of any shares. The parties had agreed to participate in Brightview
on the terms of an investment agreement under which Mr Shalson was obliged to
enter into a loan agreement to finance the project. Reedbest later lent
Brightview an amount repayable on demand, but the terms of that loan turned
out to be more onerous than those in the loan agreement; and no shareholder
approval was provided as required by the investment agreement. Brightview was
unable to meet Reedbest’s demand for repayment which resulted in an
administration order being made against Brightview. The company’s business was
then bought over by Freshbox, a company owned by the A shareholders and the B
shareholders consequently lost their financial stake in the company.

96 Mr Barton, his wife and JGR issued two sets of proceedings. One was an
action for breach of contract; the other was a petition under s 459 of the UK
Companies Act 1985 which provided:

Order on application of company member

(1) A member of a company may apply to the court by petition for an order
under this Part on the ground that the company's affairs are being or have
been conducted in a manner which is unfairly prejudicial to the interests of
its members generally or of some part of its members (including at least
himself) or that any actual or proposed act or omission of the company
(including an act or omission on its behalf) is or would be so prejudicial.

(2) The provisions of this Part apply to a person who is not a member of a
company but to whom shares in the company have been transferred or transmitted
by operation of law, as those provisions apply to a member of the company; and
references to a member or members are to be construed accordingly.

97 The respondents applied to strike out the s 459 petition and the action for
breach of contract. In respect of the s 459 petition, it was argued inter alia
that as Mr Barton and his wife were not members of a company within s 22 of
the UK Companies Act 1985 and held no shares by operation of law within the
meaning of s 459(2), they had no locus standi to bring the petition and should
accordingly be struck out as petitioners.

98 As for JGR, the respondents argued that although JGR was registered as a
member of the company, it was but a bare nominee. As such, having no economic
interest in the value of the Brightview shares registered in its name, it
could not complain of any prejudice to its “interests” under s 459. The
respondents highlighted that the dispute arose from an alleged breach of the
investment agreement to which JGR is not a party. In essence, it was a dispute
between Mr Barton and Mr Shalson. The respondents argued that JGR was not a
nominee for Mr Barton, and that Brightview was not a quasi-partnership:
therefore it could not be permitted to “carry” or otherwise rely on the
Bartons’ complaints to maintain the s 459 petition in its name (at [35] of
Atlasview).

99 Jonathan Crow KC, sitting as a Deputy Judge of the High Court, agreed that
Mr Barton and his wife had no locus standi to bring the action for minority
oppression, reasoning (at [31]) that the “right to petition the court under s
459 is conferred only on members and those to whom shares have been
transferred by operation of law”; “neither Mr nor Mrs Barton” fell within
those categories. In addition, a procedural provision such as CPR 19.2(2)(a),
which gave the court the power to add parties, did not assist the petitioner’s
case. CPR 19.2(2)(a) was “confined to cases where it was desirable” for the
party to be added so that the court could “resolve all the matters in dispute
in the proceedings”. Given that a dispute under s 459 could not be said to
have arisen at the suit of a person who was not a member, CPR 19.2(2)(a) could
not be invoked to support the joinder of a non-member as a party.

100 As to JGR’s locus standi vis-à-vis the s 459 petition, however, Jonathan
Crow KC declined to strike out JGR’s claim on the basis that it was a nominee
shareholder. Noting that the interests which s 459 was capable of protecting
included matters going beyond the legal owner’s economic interest in the
shares registered in his name (at [36], citing O’Neill and another v Phillips
and others [1999] 1 WLR 1092 (“O’Neill v Phillips”) at 1110–1101), he observed
that the phrase “legitimate expectations” may “embrace matters such as an
understanding as to the governance of the company, including an understanding
that someone other than the registered shareholder should be involved in
management” (citing the obiter remarks of Hoffmann J in Re a company (No
003160 of 1986) [1986] BCLC 391 at 396). He held, moreover, that the
respondents’ arguments amounted to “imposing an arbitrary restriction on the
scope of the word ‘interests’ in s 459” (at [36] of Atlasview):

…As a matter of statutory interpretation, there is no justification for doing
so. Indeed, it would in my judgment be a thoroughly retrograde step to do so:
it would mean that, in a case like this, no matter how disgracefully Mr
Shalson might have behaved, Mrs Barton would have an interest but no locus,
and JGR would have locus but no interest, so neither could complain. There is
no reason at all to infer that the parliamentary draftsman intended such an
arbitrary result.

101 In particular, Jonathan Crow KC observed (at [37]) that while this
specific point had never been argued or decided, it was “striking” that
numerous cases had been argued and decided on the assumed basis that “a
nominee shareholder [was] fully entitled to complain under s 459 about any
diminution in value of the shares registered in its name, and that its
‘interests’ [were] for these purposes co-extensive with the interests of the
beneficial owner” (Atlasview at [37] citing Estill v Cowling Swift & Kitchin
[2000] Lloyd’s Rep PN 378 at [101], Arrow Nominees Inc v Blackledge [2000] 1
BCLC 709 at 711, Lloyd at [48]–[49], and Rock Nominees Ltd at [2]–[3]).
Ultimately, in his view (at [38]), it was “well arguable” for the purposes of
the striking out application that the ‘interests’ of a nominee shareholder
under s 459 was “capable of including the economic and contractual interests
of the beneficial owners of the shares”.

102 For completeness, I make two other observations. First, in Atlasview,
Jonathan Crow KC did state that although all he had to do was consider
“whether it [was] properly arguable that the ‘interests’ of a nominee
shareholder under s 459 [were] capable of including the economic and
contractual interests of the beneficial owners of the shares”, if he had been
obliged to decide on the point, he would have found that it was correct.

103 Second, I note that although Atlasview was cited locally by the High Court
in Tan Chin Hoon (at [56]), it was not cited for the proposition that “a
nominee shareholder [was] fully entitled to complain under s 459 about any
diminution in value of the shares registered in its name, and that its
‘interests’ [were] for these purposes co-extensive with the interests of the
beneficial owner”. This was because in Tan Chin Hoon, the plaintiffs were no
longer registered as shareholders of the company by the time the oppression
proceedings under s 216 Companies Act were brought; and the court held (at
[54]) that their claims to beneficial ownership of the shares held by two of
the defendants did not assist them since trusts – whether express, implied or
constructive – were not recognised under s 195(4) Companies Act.

104 Turning to Lloyd, this was a case where the 1st respondent and the
petitioner had formed a company, with the 1st respondent holding 51% of the
shares and the petitioner holding 44%. The 1st respondent was appointed as the
managing director, while the petitioner continued with his existing employment
outside the company formed. As part of an agreement to conceal the
petitioner’s shareholding from his existing employer, his 44% shareholding was
held in trust for him by the 1st respondent. By 1990, the company had grown
significantly and needed larger premises. The 1st respondent began to arrange
for monies – partly from the company’s bank account – to meet the needs of the
company. The 1st respondent also paid himself remuneration of £456,417 between
1992 and 1996, with the petitioner receiving in excess of £55,000 during that
same period of time. Eventually, the petitioner became dissatisfied with the
1st respondent’s management of the company; and at his request, the 44%
shareholding held on trust for him was transferred back to him by the 1st
respondent in 1997. Shortly after, the petitioner started an oppression claim
under s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985, alleging unfairly prejudicial
conduct by the 1st respondent in the form of unequal distributions, excessive
payments by the company, and excessive contributions to a pension scheme.

105 In resisting the oppression claim, the 1st respondent contended inter alia
that in light of the repeated references to “members” in s 459(1), s 459 must
require “that the petitioner shall have been a member of the company at the
time the conduct complained of occurred”. The 1st respondent submitted that
where, “at the time when the conduct complained of took place, the
petitioner’s shares were held on his behalf by another person as bare trustee
for the petitioner”, that conduct – assuming it to have been unfairly
prejudicial – “was prejudicial not to the interests of the petitioning member
but to the interests of the beneficiary under the bare trust (who was not a
member at the time) or to the trustee of that trust (who, although then a
member, is not the petitioner)”. Accordingly, per the 1st respondent’s
submission, s 459 would afford the petitioner no remedy in respect of any
conduct complained of unless that conduct was “of such a kind as to be
continuing after the petitioner became a member” (Lloyd at [48]).

106 Ferris J (at [49]–[50]) rejected such an interpretation of s 459 of the UK
Companies Act 1985. He explained his reasons as follows:

49 That interpretation of the section would, it seems to me, give rise to some
strange results in the circumstances of the present case. Let it be assumed
that the affairs of the company have been conducted in a manner unfairly
prejudicial to the interests of everybody interested in the company except Mr
Casey [the 1st respondent] and Mr Holman. There would thus be unfairly
prejudicial conduct to Mr Casey’s interests as a trustee holding shares on
behalf of Mr Lloyd [the petitioner], although not to his interests as holder
of his own shares. Clearly Mr Casey would not petition under s 459, and if Mr
Lloyd took steps to enforce the trust, the court could not direct Mr Casey to
take proceedings against himself. The obvious remedy would be for the court to
enforce the trust by directing Mr Casey to transfer the shares to Mr Lloyd
himself or to a new trustee who would be independent. This is in substance
what has in fact happened, because Mr Casey, as he was bound to do when so
requested, has transferred Mr Lloyd’s shares to Mr Lloyd himself without the
need for proceedings to enforce the trust. But if the submission of Mr Bompas
QC [counsel for the 1st respondent] were right, this act, while qualifying Mr
Lloyd to petition under s 459, has simultaneously provided Mr Casey with a
complete defence to that petition because the conduct in question, although
prejudicial to the interests of Mr Lloyd’s trustee at the time when it took
place, was not prejudicial to the interests of Mr Lloyd.

50 I would be reluctant to construe s 459 as having this effect unless
compelled to do so. I think that I am not so compelled because the section
applies not only where the conduct complained of is continuing but when it
lies in the past – see the words ‘the company’s affairs are being or have been
conducted in a manner which is unfairly prejudicial’. I do not think that the
words in parentheses which require that, where the unfair prejudice is to the
interests of part only of the company’s members, that part must include at
least the petitioner, ought to be allowed to have the effect of requiring that
the petitioner shall have been a member when the past conduct took place.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

107 While the reasoning in the above passages focused on the proposition that
a member bringing a s 459 petition could rely on unfairly prejudicial conduct
which had occurred before his becoming a member (and indeed Lloyd was cited by
the court in Lim Seng Wah for this proposition), the assumption implicit in
the portion I have highlighted appeared to be that where the petitioner’s
shares were held on his behalf by another person as bare trustee for the
petitioner, and where the affairs of the company had been conducted in a
manner unfairly prejudicial to the interests of its members, there would be
unfair prejudice to the interests of the trustee who held the shares on bare
trust, and such a trustee would be able to bring a s 459 petition (leaving
aside the scenario where the trustee himself was the one accused of the unfair
conduct, in which case the “obvious remedy” would be for the court to direct
him to transfer the shares to the beneficiary or to an independent new
trustee). This was why, in Atlasview, Jonathan Crow KC cited Lloyd as an
example of a case decided on the “assumed basis” that “a nominee shareholder”
was entitled “to complain under s 459 about any diminution in value of the
shares registered in its name, and that its ‘interests’ [were] for these
purposes co-extensive with the interests of the beneficial owner”.

108 Another example of such a case which Jonathan Crow KC cited was Rock
Nominees. In that case, the petitioner (“Rock”) brought an oppression claim
against, inter alia, the 1st respondent (“RCO”) and the 2nd respondent (“ISS”)
under s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985. Rock held shares equivalent to 2.48%
of RCO’s issued share capital, as a nominee for two companies (“Gambier” and
“Kiwi”). Gambier and Kiwi were thus the beneficial owners of the RCO shares.
The facts of the case were somewhat involved. In gist, ISS had launched a
takeover bid for RCO because it wanted to take advantage of certain
“synergies” that were projected to come about as a result of its acquisition
of RCO. ISS was unable to acquire sufficient shares to enable it to
compulsorily acquire the shares of the minority shareholders under the
“squeeze-out” provisions of the UK Companies Act 1985. Rock’s nominee clients
wished to retain their shareholding in RCO. ISS then adopted a procedure to
acquire the benefit of the synergies and to deprive the minority shareholders
of any right to participate in them, pursuant to which it sold the shares in
RCO’s operating subsidiary to the 3rd respondent which was a member of the ISS
group. RCO subsequently went into members’ voluntary liquidation. In
presenting a petition under s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985, Rock alleged
that its interests as a minority shareholder in RCO had been unfairly
prejudiced by the sale, which – according to Rock – was at an undervalue.

109 Peter Smith J dismissed the petition. Although he found that the actions
of the respondents and the manner in which they disposed of the assets
constituted a breach of fiduciary duty by the officers of RCO, the price paid
by the 3rd respondent actually reflected a fair value for the shares which
included a premium element for synergies. As such, Rock’s interests “were
neither prejudiced nor prejudiced in an unfair way” (at [141]).

110 Pertinently, in coming to the above conclusion, Smith J also stated that
“Rock certainly had an interest to justify presenting a petition”. Implicit in
this statement was an acceptance that as a nominee shareholder, Rock’s
interests were the same as the interests of Gambier and Kiwi, who – as the
beneficial owners of the shares – were the ones really at risk of suffering
any loss in the value of the shares from the allegedly undervalued sale. If it
were otherwise, there would have been no “interest to justify” Rock in
presenting the s 459 petition.

111 At this point, it should be remembered that in Atlasview, Jonathan Crow KC
was dealing with an application by the respondents to strike out the s 459
petition, as well as the action for breach of contract, on the basis of (inter
alia) lack of locus standi. Insofar as he had to consider the issue of whether
a nominee shareholder’s interests under s 459 could include the economic and
contractual interests of the beneficial owners of the shares, he considered
this issue in the context of determining whether it was “properly arguable” in
law. He did not have to decide the disputed issue of fact as to whether JGR
was actually a nominee for Mr Barton. In Lloyd, it was not disputed that the
1st respondent was a nominee shareholder for the petitioner, who held the
latter’s 44% shareholding on a bare trust. Similarly, in Rock Nominees, there
was no dispute that insofar as Rock held 2.48% of RCO’s shares in its name, it
did so purely as nominee for Gambier and Kiwi.

112 In contrast, in Estera Trust, the court declined to find that the
registered shareholder was in fact a nominee shareholder holding the shares on
bare trust for the beneficial owner of the shares. In that case, the first
respondent (“JS”), the second respondent (“Verite”) and the third respondent
(“Jemma”) faced an application under ss 994–996 of the UK Companies Act 2006
from the first petitioner (“Estera”) and the second petitioner (“HS”) who was
JS’s younger brother. JS’s and HS’s parents (“BM Singh” and “Mrs Kaur”) had
established trusts (the “Jersey trusts”) which held the shares of the family
company. Estera, Verite and Jemma were the trustees of the Jersey trusts. The
Jersey trusts were later “divided” between trusts that the settlors wished to
be regarded as principally for the benefit for JS’s immediate family (the
“Jasminder trusts”) and those that they wished to be regarded as principally
for the benefit of HS’s immediate family (the “Herinder trusts”). After a
number of years, Estera became the sole trustee of the Herinder trusts while
Verite and Jemma were the joint trustees of the Jasminder trusts. In their s
994 action, the petitioners Estera and HS claimed that the affairs of the
family company had been conducted in a manner unfairly prejudicial to their
interests as members of the company.

113 One of the issues which Fancourt J had to consider was whether Estera
could complain that its interests as shareholder in the family company had
been unfairly prejudiced by the removal of HS from the board of the family
company. Fancourt J noted (at [223]) that it was “difficult to see” how Estera
could contend that it had a “right for HS to remain a director and senior
manager of the Company”. Recognising this difficulty, the petitioners sought
to advance two arguments: firstly, that the removal of HS from the board was
unfairly prejudicial to Estera’s interests as shareholder because Estera’s
interests were best served by having a representative (HS) on the board;
secondly, that on the authority of Atlasview, the interests of Estera included
the interests of its principal beneficiary, HS.

114 The first argument was rejected by Fancourt J (at [225]) on the ground
that Estera had no legal or equitable right, as shareholder, to have an
appointee on the board. The removal of HS thus did not unfairly prejudice its
interests as shareholder because it had no such right. As for the second
argument, this too was rejected. Referencing Atlasview, Fancourt J accepted
that in principle, “the interests prejudiced may include the interests of a
person for whom the shareholder holds as nominee”, and that it was “readily
understandable” that in such a situation, “[t]he real shareholder interest is
that of the true owner”. However, on the facts before him, he found that the
Jersey trusts were “discretionary trusts and [were] not nominees; and as such
–

224 …on orthodox principles, it seems very difficult to equate the interests
of one only out of a broad class of discretionary objects with the trustee’s
interests. HS had not been appointed to any interest under the Herinder
trusts.

…

226 …[I]t is not obvious why it suffices that the removal of HS was unfairly
prejudicial to one of the discretionary beneficiaries of the Herinder trusts,
even a beneficiary to whose wishes the trustees are requested to have regard.

…

228 … This is not a case where Estera has suffered prejudice to its interests
as a member of the Company and other prejudice to other interests… It is a
case where Estera may have suffered some prejudice to its interests as a
member of the Company, through having lost a friendly representative on the
board, but not unfairly so. HS was not removed in breach of any rights that
Estera had, but was removed pursuant to the exercise of Verite/Jemma’s rights
under the Company’s articles. Estera therefore did not suffer prejudice
unfairly, since as a minority shareholder it had no right to have a friendly
representative on the board of the Company.

229 It is only if it can properly be said that in some way Estera suffered the
unfair prejudice suffered by HS that Estera can legitimately complain under
section 994 that the Company’s affairs have been conducted unfairly
prejudicially to its interests as member. There is no authority drawn to my
attention for the proposition that a trustee shareholder may rely in that
regard on prejudice unfairly caused to someone who is a member of a class of
discretionary beneficiaries under the trust. …

115 By way of elaboration, a discretionary trust is one in which the trustees
have the discretion to distribute the property as they wish to people from a
particular class of potential beneficiaries. The objects of a discretionary
trust do not have an equitable proprietary interest in the trust property
because the trustee’s discretion may not be exercised in their favour.
Instead, they only have an expectation that the trustees might exercise the
discretion in their favour (Equity & Trusts: Text, Cases, and Materials (Paul
S Davies and Graham Virgo eds) (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2019 (“Equity
and Trusts”) at p 30 and 31). It was in this context that Fancourt J, having
found the Jersey trusts to be discretionary trusts, highlighted that “[o]n
orthodox principles, it seems very difficult to equate the interests of one
only out of a broad class of discretionary objects with the trustee’s
interests”. In this respect, the discretionary trust may be contrasted with a
bare trust, where the trustee has no active duties to perform, and merely
holds the legal title for the beneficiary. In the meantime, the trustee has no
duties to perform and must deal with the trust property in accordance with the
instructions of the beneficiary (Jamie Glister & James Lee, Hanbury & Martin:
Modern Equity (Sweet & Maxwell, 22nd Ed, 2021) (“Hanbury & Martin”) at
[2-034]). In the case of a bare trust, the beneficiary retains an equitable
proprietary interest in the trust property.

116 I should also point out at this juncture that although the parties did not
address the definition of a “nominee shareholder”, it appeared from their
submissions that parties understood this term to refer to a registered
shareholder who held the shares on a bare trust for another party, who
therefore did not own the beneficial interest in those shares, and who had to
deal with the shares according to the instructions of the beneficial owner.
For instance, Joe contended that despite his having transferred his AIQ
shareholding to Thames on 14 December 2017, GSS and the 4th to 7th Defendants
continued to treat him effectively as the true shareholder in AIQ – and
rightly so too, according to Joe. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Pf Reply Submissions at paras 10-11.

This understanding of the term “nominee shareholder” would be consistent with
the definition accorded to it by the courts. In Kotagaralahalli Peddappaiah
Nagaraja v Moussa Salem and others [2023] SGHC 6, Vinodh Coomaraswamy J
considered (at [8]) that the appointment of one of the defendants as a nominee
shareholder meant that she held the shares on trust and had “no beneficial
interest whatsoever in the [s]hares”. In Hotung and another v Ho Yuen Ki
[2002] 4 HKC 233 (“Hotung”), the Hong Kong Court of Appeal (“HKCA”) – citing
with approval at [14] the definition in Lewin on Trusts (17th edn, 2000) at
para 1-21 – noted (at [14]–[15]) that:

14\. A bare or simple trustee, especially of shares in a limited company, is
often called a nominee. He is a mere name or “dummy” for the true owner: Lewin
on Trusts (17th edn, 2000) at para 1-21.

15\. In cases of bare trustee, the beneficiary may call for a conveyance of
the legal estate at any time, and the trustee must comply. In the meantime the
trustee has no duties to perform and must deal with the trust property in
accordance with the instructions of the beneficiary: Hanbury & Martin on
Modern Equity (16th Ed) p 71.

117 In sum, therefore, where a nominee shareholder holds shares on behalf of
the beneficial owner, it holds the legal title to the shares on the latter’s
behalf and does not own the beneficial interest in those shares; the latter is
the true owner of the shares. In such a situation, the English cases cited
above appear to accept that the nominee shareholder’s interests are one and
the same as the beneficial owner’s; in the context of a claim by the nominee
shareholder that its interests as shareholder have been unfairly prejudiced by
the manner in which the company’s affairs are conducted, the nominee
shareholder’s “interests” for the purposes of such a claim may therefore
include the economic and contractual interests of the beneficial owners of the
shares.

118 In my view, the above position must be correct as a matter of law. If it
were otherwise, the nominee shareholder would never be able to bring a claim
for oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act in respect of oppressive acts:
the nominee shareholder would always have no such interest per se, since the
interest affected would always be that of the beneficial owner of the shares.
As Ferris J noted in Lloyd, this would lead to an absurd situation in which
the oppressor would be afforded a complete defence. Further, even if the
beneficial shareholder were to effect the transfer of the shares to his own
name and to register himself as a member, as the new registered member he
would still have no interest capable of founding an oppression claim. This is
because in a scenario where the nominee shareholder’s interests are not
treated as being co-extensive with the interests of the beneficial owner, any
unfair conduct that occurred prior to the beneficial owner becoming the new
registered member would be regarded as having prejudiced the interests of the
then nominee shareholder, but not the interests of the then beneficial
shareholder. This is unless the unfair conduct that occurred previously
remains unfair to the beneficial owner that has become the new registered
member (as explained at [120]–[121] below).

119 It should be noted that while Atlasview recognises that the interests of
the nominee shareholder includes the interests of the beneficial owner for
whom it holds the shares, this recognition does not change the fundamental
rules about locus standi in oppression proceedings: it remains the case that
under s 216, only a registered member may sue for oppression – barring the
exceptions which may arise either by operation of s 216(7) or pursuant to an
estoppel arising per Kitnasamy or Owen Sim.

(B) A claimant under s 216 may rely on oppressive acts that were committed
before he became a member of the company

120 Assuming it could be shown that Thames was indeed a nominee shareholder
whose interests were co-extensive and wholly aligned with Joe’s, Thames would
– in principle – be entitled to rely on oppressive acts that were done to Joe
before Thames became a member of AIQ.

121 In Lim Seng Wah (at [18]–[25]), Chua JC observed that Mr Kwok had to cross
several hurdles before he could be joined as a plaintiff. One hurdle (at [19])
was that the conduct complained about in the s 216 action by Mr Lim and Mr
Heah – which Mr Kwok now sought to rely on – had taken place before Mr Kwok
became a shareholder. In the case of Lloyd, the UK court had held that an
applicant in an oppression action under s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985
could rely on conduct that had taken place before he became a registered
shareholder. Chua JC observed that the reason for this decision lay in the
words used in s 459: s 459 provided that “the company’s affair are being or
have been conducted in a manner which is unfairly prejudicial” (at [50] of
Lloyd). Insofar as s 216 of the Singapore Companies Act was concerned, Chua JC
(at [23]) noted that s 216(1)(b) referred to acts that have “been done” and
resolutions that have “been passed”. In his view, Mr Kwok could rely on acts
that were done before he became a member of the company: s 216 merely required
Mr Kwok (a) to be a member of the company when he applied for relief, and (b)
to show that the defendants’ misconduct was commercially unfair to him.

(C) The conduct complained of under s 216 must affect the claimant in his
capacity as a member of the company

122 It should be highlighted that even assuming Thames was a nominee
shareholder whose interests were co-extensive with Joe’s, and that for the
purposes of these s 216 proceedings, Thames could rely on oppressive acts done
to Joe before Thames became a registered member, the Plaintiffs still had to
satisfy “the qua member requirement”. This requires that the conduct
complained of under s 216 must affect the claimant in his capacity as a member
of the company: see Suying Design at [123].

123 In Suying Design, the plaintiff (“Mr Ng”) and the third defendant (“Ms
Tan”) had jointly incorporated the first defendant company, Suying
Metropolitan Studio Pte Ltd (“SMSPL”). Both Mr Ng and Ms Tan were shareholders
and directors of SMSPL Following Mr Ng’s resignation from SMSPL, he and Ms Tan
agreed to close down the company. Mr Ng subsequently brought a suit for
oppression pursuant to s 216, claiming that Ms Tan had engaged in oppressive
conduct which included (according to Mr Ng) misappropriating SMSPL’s funds,
withholding payments he was entitled to, demanding that he return dividends
and directors’ fees previously paid to him, and repeatedly taking steps “to
deny or restrict his access to the books, ledgers, accounts, financial
statements and other financial records of SMPSL”. In respect of the last
allegation, it was shortly after the commencement of the oppression suit that
Mr Ng had successfully obtained a court order allowing him to inspect the
SMSPL accounts and records in his capacity as a director. Mr Ng claimed that
Ms Tan had continued to deny him access to the SMSPL records even after the
order for inspection was made.

124 As a preliminary point, the CA observed (at [122]) that the weight of the
evidence showed that Ms Tan and SMSPL had in fact denied Mr Ng access to
SMSPL’s financial documents. However, the CA highlighted (at [123]) that Mr Ng
faced difficulties in trying to rely on this denial of access to SMSPL’s
financial documents to support his claim of oppression. The first hurdle the
CA identified was the fact that Mr Ng had sought the financial documents “in
his capacity as a director rather than as a shareholder of SMSPL” [emphasis in
original]. Citing Tan Choon Yong v Goh Jon Keat and others and other suits
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 840 (“Tan Choon Yong”) at [34], the CA pointed out that
pursuant to the qua member requirement, the conduct complained of under s 216
must affect the claimant in his capacity as a member.

125 The CA was at pains to explain that in assessing whether the qua member
requirement was satisfied by a claimant, “a fact-sensitive approach should be
taken”, given that “it is common for members to stand in multiple
relationships vis-à-vis the company”, and ‘the scope of a member’s interests
would depend on the understanding between the parties on the terms upon which
they agree to associate together in the company” (at [123] of Suying Design).
Thus, for example, if there was a clear understanding that the member would be
entitled to participate in the management of the company, “the removal of the
member as a director, or exclusion of the member from such management may
affect the member’s rights qua shareholder”.

126 In Suying Design, the CA found (at [124]) that Mr Ng’s right to access
SMSPL’s financial documents was plainly a director’s right. As the CA noted,
“shareholders do not have a broad right to financial information of a company
other than the audited financial statements pursuant to s 203 Companies Act”
(Ezion Holdings Ltd v Teras Cargo Transport Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 226).

127 In accepting that a fact-sensitive approach should be adopted in assessing
whether the qua member requirement was fulfilled, the CA pointed out that in
the context of an unfair prejudice petition under s 459(1) of the UK Companies
Act 1985, the House of Lords had observed in O’Neill v Phillips (at 1105) that
the requirement that the prejudice be suffered as a member “should not be too
narrowly or technically construed”. It may be noted that similar observations
were made by Hoffmann J in Re a company (No 00477 of 1986) [1986] BCLC 376
(“Re a company (No 00477 of 1986)”, at 378). In that case, Hoffmann J opined
that “the interests of a member are not necessarily limited to his strict
legal rights under the constitution of the company”. He highlighted that the
use of the word “unfairly” in s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985 (the then
equivalent of our s 216), “like the use of the words ‘just and equitable’ in s
517(1)(g) enables the court to have regard to wider equitable considerations”
(at 379):

Thus in the case of the managing director of a large public company who is
also the owner of a small holding in the company’s shares, it is easy to see
the distinction between his interests as a managing director employed under a
service contract and his interests as a member. In the case of a small private
company in which two or three members have invested their capital by
subscribing for shares on the footing that dividends are unlikely but that
each will earn his living by working for the company as a director, the
distinction may be more elusive. The member’s interests as a member who has
ventured his capital in the company’s business may include a legitimate
expectation that he will continue to be employed as a director and his
dismissal from that office and exclusion from the management of the company
may therefore be unfairly prejudicial to his interests as a member.

128 I will say more about the issue of “wider equitable considerations” in the
context of oppression proceedings later in these written grounds (see
[151151]–[157157]).

129 It was with the above principles in mind that I examined the issue of
Thames’ locus standi to bring the AIQ-related oppression claims.

(2) Whether Thames has standing to bring the oppression suit against AIQ

130 First, as alluded to earlier (see [8383]–[8585] above), the 3rd to 7th
Defendants took the position that since the pleaded acts of oppression had
allegedly been done to Joe and some of these acts had moreover been done to
him after Thames became the registered member in his place, Thames could not
complain that its interests as a member had been oppressed. Bearing in mind
the reasoning of the courts in Atlasview and Estera Trust, however, I did not
think this objection was sustainable in principle. In their amended statement
of claim, the Plaintiffs pleaded that Thames was a nominee shareholder (which
they spelt as “nominal shareholder” in the statement of claim) holding the AIQ
shares on behalf of Joe, who was said to own “100% of [Thames]”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 2.

If Thames was in fact a nominee for Joe and thus “a mere name or dummy” for
Joe, then Thames’ interests as Joe’s nominee would be co-extensive and wholly
aligned with Joe’s interests; and Thames would have the standing to bring
proceedings under s 216 in respect of conduct oppressive to Joe’s interests.
This would include conduct (allegedly) oppressive to Joe’s interests which
occurred during the period when Joe was the registered member of AIQ, as well
as conduct (allegedly) oppressive to his interests which occurred in the
period after he transferred his shares to Thames, assuming it could be shown
that such conduct affected Joe or Thames (as the case might be) in their
capacity as a member of AIQ; ie, that the qua member requirement could be
satisfied. As to whether or not this assumption was borne out on the evidence
in the present case, I deal with this issue in the alternative at [133133] to
[142142] below.

131 Similarly, I rejected the 3rd to 7th Defendants’ argument that since Joe –
and not Thames – was party to the alleged Understanding and Agreement, Thames
should not in principle be able to rely on any breaches of the Understanding
and Agreement in support of its oppression claim. I rejected this argument
because as noted above, if Thames were in fact a nominee for Joe and thus “a
mere name or dummy” for Joe, its interests as Joe’s nominee would be co-
extensive with Joe’s. Again, the assumption underlying my rejection of this
argument was that the alleged breaches of the Understanding and Agreement
affected Joe or Thames (as the case might be) in their capacity as a member of
AIQ. As to whether or not this assumption was borne out on the evidence in the
present case, I deal with this issue in the alternative at [133] to [142]
below.

132 I emphasized above that Thames’ interests would be co-extensive with Joe’s
if Thames were in fact a nominee for Joe. The next question, then, was whether
Thames was in fact holding the AIQ shares as a mere nominee for Joe. The
burden of proving this fact fell on the Plaintiffs, since they were the ones
who had asserted it in their pleadings (see Britestone at [58] and SCT
Technologies at [17]).

133 The 3rd to 7th Defendants appeared to accept in their pleaded defences
that Joe owned all the shares in Thames, without actually admitting that these
shares were held by Thames as his nominee on a bare trust. In any event, I
make the following two related points. First, while it is true that s 60(1) of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”) states that facts
admitted by parties to the proceedings need not be proved, s 60(2) of the
Evidence Act provides that the court “may, in its discretion, require the
facts admitted to be proved otherwise than by such admissions”. Second, in
this connection, evidence adduced at trial in fact contradicted the
proposition that Thames held the AIQ shares purely as a nominee on behalf of
Joe.

134 To begin with, evidence adduced at trial of the Certificate of Incumbency
in relation to Thames showed that it was in fact a company called NSR Services
Ltd which owned 100% of the shares in Thames. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Supplemental 4-7DBOD at p 50.

A Share Register of Thames dated 17 December 2018 further confirmed that
Thames continued to be wholly-owned by NRS Services Ltd as at that date. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

12ABOD at p 685.

I noted that in an affidavit filed on 18 December 2018, Joe had adduced a
document dated 7 December 2016 which appeared to indicate that NRS was holding
the Thames shares on trust for him. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

1ABIA at p 58.

But evidence also emerged at trial of admissions previously made by Joe
himself as to Thames being his “children’s trust”.

135 Thus, for example, the 4th to 7th Defendants referred me to an email sent
by Joe to Marcus and Kian Wai on 14 November 2017 wherein Joe had expressly
referred to Thames as his “children’s trust”. This was an email sent by Joe to
the 4th to 7th Defendants to set out his conditions for continuing to fund
AIQ. I reproduce below the relevant portion of the email: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

5ABOD at p 300.

…

6\. With these grave concerns in mind, I wish to place several conditions
precedent to any further advancement of monies by me as follows:

…

(b) My shares in AIQ and Carrot Patch are to be forthwith registered under
Thames Global, which is my childrens’ trust as I have long requested to no
avail; and

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

136 It should be highlighted that Joe was referred to his email of 14 November
2017 by his own counsel in the course of the trial, and counsel specifically
drew his attention to the “four conditions” he had set out in that email for
his continuing to fund AIQ – which, as seen from the above extract, included
the condition that his shares in AIQ and TCP be “forthwith registered under
Thames Global…[his] children’s trust”. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 98 ln 15 to p 99 ln 13.

At no point did Joe seek to explain why he had described Thames as his
children’s trust. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 98 ln 15 to p 99 ln 13.

The ordinary meaning of the words “my children’s trust” must surely be that
Thames was a trust set up with his children as the beneficiaries.

137 Joe repeated his description of Thames as his “children’s trust” in other
correspondence with the Defendants. I was referred to a letter dated 23
November 2017 from Joe’s then solicitors to the 4th to 7th Defendants, which
letter repeated this description of Thames as Joe’s “children’s trust”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

10ABOD at p 245-246.

138 From the above evidence, it was plain that far from treating Thames as his
nominee in respect of the AIQ shares, Joe himself regarded Thames as his
“children’s trust”; further, that in official or semi-official communications
(including communications in which he was advised by lawyers), he also
represented Thames to others as his “children’s trust”.

139 Additionally, it seemed to me odd – indeed, anomalous – that Joe should
have omitted to procure the transfer of the AIQ shares from Thames back to
himself prior to launching the present s 216 proceedings. Having had the
benefit of legal advice and representation from the outset, Joe could scarcely
have been ignorant of the requirement for the claimant in a s 216 action to be
a registered member of the company at the time of commencing the action. If
Thames had indeed been a mere nominee holding the AIQ shares on trust for Joe,
Joe would have been entitled to call for the shares to be transferred to him
prior to commencing the present suit: Thames would have been obliged to deal
with the shares according to his instructions (see eg Hotung at [14]–[16]).
That Joe omitted to take this simple step – and failed, moreover, to explain
his omission to take this step – appeared to me to indicate some basis for the
suggestion that Thames was actually his “children’s trust”, not his.

140 Given the above evidence, I was of the view that regardless of any
admissions the 3rd to 7th Defendants might have made in their pleadings, the
Plaintiffs needed to prove their assertion that Thames was holding the AIQ
shares as Joe’s nominee. The Plaintiffs did not produce any evidence to back
up their assertion. Indeed, they did not even offer any explanations for the
various pieces of evidence which contradicted their assertion. In particular,
there was no attempt to explain why Joe and his lawyers had on different
occasions represented to others that Thames was his “children’s trust”.

141 To sum up, therefore, evidence adduced at trial contradicted the
Plaintiffs’ assertion that Thames was holding the AIQ shares as a nominee for
Joe. The Plaintiffs were unable, in other words, to satisfy me that the
interests of the registered member Thames were co-extensive and wholly aligned
with Joe’s interests. As such, I was unable to agree that Thames had locus
standi to bring the suit under s 216 in respect of oppressive acts done to Joe
(both before and after Thames became the registered member).

142 This was unfortunate for the Plaintiffs, to say the least. Given that Joe
did not fall within any of the recognised exceptions to the rule that only a
registered member may bring proceedings under s 216, and in the absence of
locus standi on Thames’ part to bring such proceedings, the Plaintiffs’ AIQ-
related oppression claim could not even get off the starting blocks. This was
because virtually all the allegations of oppression were pleaded and argued by
the Plaintiffs as being conduct which affected Joe’s rights. For example, the
winding-up of AIQ was alleged in the Statement of Claim to have oppressed
Joe’s rights by depriving him of the ability to enforce a summary judgement he
had obtained against AIQ. The Plaintiffs did not separately plead – nor did
they separately explain – how Thames’ rights as shareholder were oppressed by
the acts alleged.

143 Having found against the Plaintiffs on the issue of Thames’ locus standi,
I did nevertheless – in the interests of completeness – proceed to consider
(at [196]–[544544544] below) the viability of the Plaintiffs’ AIQ-related
oppression claims on the assumption that Thames possessed the standing to sue
in respect of acts committed against Joe. I set out these findings in the
alternative below.

If the requisite standing was present, whether the claim for minority
oppression is made out pursuant to s 216 of the Companies Act

144 At [145] to [190], I first set out the general legal principles applicable
to the consideration of oppression claims under s 216 of the Companies Act,
before evaluating each of the Plaintiffs’ allegations of oppression at [203]
to [544543] with the relevant principles in mind.

The law on minority oppression

The test of “commercial unfairness”

145 The legal principles applicable to s 216 actions are well-established. In
Suying Design, the CA - citing inter alia its earlier judgment in Ascend Field
Pte Ltd and others v Tee Wee Sien and another appeal [2020] 1 SLR 771 (“Ascend
Field”) – reiterated that while s 216 encapsulated four limbs (oppression,
disregard of a shareholder’s interests, unfair discrimination, and prejudice),
the common element supporting these four limbs was commercial unfairness,
which would be found where there had been a visible departure from the
standards of fair dealing which a shareholder was entitled to expect (at [29]
of Suying Design). The CA also emphasised (at [34]) that commercial unfairness
“should be assessed against the behaviour the shareholder is entitled to
expect or rely on, whether the expectation arises from a formal document or an
informal understanding”.

146 In Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica Investors Ltd and other
appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”), the CA elaborated on how the courts
would assess commercial unfairness, citing (at [87]) the well-known passage
from Lord Hoffmann’s judgment in O’Neill v Phillips (at 1098-1099). In this
passage, Lord Hoffmann was dealing with s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985 (c
6) (UK), which – as the CA pointed out – was the English equivalent of s 216
Companies Act:

In the case of section 459, the background has the following two features.
First, a company is an association of persons for an economic purpose, usually
entered into with legal advice and some degree of formality. The terms of the
association are contained in the articles of association and sometimes in
collateral agreements between the shareholders. Thus the manner in which the
affairs of the company may be conducted is closely regulated by rules to which
the shareholders have agreed. Secondly, company law has developed seamlessly
from the law of partnership, which was treated by equity, like the Roman
societas, as a contract of good faith. One of the traditional roles of equity,
as a separate jurisdiction, was to restrain the exercise of strict legal
rights in certain relationships in which it considered that this would be
contrary to good faith. These principles have, with appropriate modification,
been carried over into company law.

The first of these two features leads to the conclusion that a member of a
company will not ordinarily be entitled to complain of unfairness unless there
has been some breach of the terms on which he agreed that the affairs of the
company should be conducted. But the second leads to the conclusion that there
will be cases in which equitable considerations make it unfair for those
conducting the affairs of the company to rely upon their strict legal powers.
Thus unfairness may consist in a breach of the rules or in using the rules in
a manner which equity would regard as contrary to good faith.

147 The CA in Tomolugen noted (at [88]) that the above extract from Lord
Hoffmann’s judgment made it plain that “the essence of a claim for relief on
the ground of oppressive or unfairly prejudicial conduct lies in upholding the
commercial agreement between the shareholders of a company”. This was
regardless of whether the agreement was “found in the formal constitutional
documents of the company, in less formal shareholders’ agreements or, in the
case of quasi-partnerships, in the legitimate expectations of the
shareholders”.

148 It should be highlighted that in O’Neill v Phillips, Lord Hoffmann
expressly cautioned against an overly loose usage of the concept of
“legitimate expectations” – an expression he had used in an earlier judgment
in In re Saul D. Harrison & Sons Plc [1995] 1 BCLC 14. Indeed, in O’Neill v
Phillips, he opined that it “was probably a mistake to use [the expression
“legitimate expectations”]” in the earlier judgment, noting that it had been
used as a “new label” to “describe a concept which [was] already sufficiently
defined in other terms”. As he explained (at 1102):

In saying that [the concept of legitimate expectations] was ‘correlative’ to
the equitable restraint, I meant that it could exist only when equitable
principles of the kind I have been describing would make it unfair for a party
to exercise rights under the articles. It is a consequence, not a cause, of
the equitable restraint. The concept of a legitimate expectation should not be
allowed to lead a life of its own, capable of giving rise to equitable
restraints in circumstances to which the traditional equitable principles have
no application.

149 Referencing the above passage from O’ Neill v Phillips, Vinodh
Coomaraswamy J pointed out in Lim Kok Wah v Lim Boh Yong [2015] 5 SLR 307
(“Lim Kok Wah”) that the concept of “legitimate expectations” was “of limited
scope” and would not assist a s 216 claimant who based his claim on nothing
more than his subjective expectations – even if there was a reasonable basis
for the subjective expectations: Lim Kok Wah at [121].

150 In Lim Kok Wah, the plaintiffs and the first and second defendants were
brothers who were all shareholders in two companies known as “SSH” and
“Kenson”. The plaintiffs brought a minority oppression action against the
first and second defendants under s 216 of the Companies Act. In gist, the
plaintiffs claimed that both SSH and Kenson were quasi-partnerships or “akin
to quasi-partnerships”; and that accordingly, the court should look beyond the
confines of the parties’ strict legal rights and obligations and instead look
for “informal or implied understandings between the parties which give rise to
legitimate expectations between them” (at [88]). It was on this premise that
they argued that there was “an informal or implied understanding amongst the
parties” that they were entitled to participate in the management of SSH and
Kenson.

151 Coomaraswamy J noted (at [102]) that the starting point in establishing a
minority oppression claim was for the claimant to show that the company was
subject to equitable considerations which had arisen either at the time the
parties’ relationship commenced or subsequently, and which made it unfair for
those running the company to rely on their strict legal rights under the
company’s articles of association and under the Companies Act. In this
connection, he referred to Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd and others
[1973] AC 360, where Lord Wilberforce had identified certain elements which
may result in the superimposition of equitable considerations on a company:

Certainly the fact that a company is a small one, or a private company, is not
enough. There are very many of these where the association is a purely
commercial one, of which it can safely be said that the basis of association
is adequately and exhaustively laid down in the articles. The superimposition
of equitable considerations requires something more, which typically may
include one, or probably more, of the following elements: (i) an association
formed or continued on the basis of a personal relationship, involving mutual
confidence – this element will often be found where a pre-existing partnership
has been converted into a limited company; (ii) an agreement, or
understanding, that all, or some (for there may be ‘sleeping’ members), of the
shareholders shall participate in the conduct of the business; (iii)
restriction upon the transfer of the members’ interest in the company – so
that if confidence is lost, or one member is removed from management, he
cannot take out his stake and go elsewhere.

[emphasis added]

152 As noted by Coomaraswamy J in Lim Kok Wah (at [106]) and subsequently in
Leong Chee Kin (on behalf of himself and as a minority shareholder of Ideal
Design Studio Pte Ltd) v Ideal Design Studio Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR
331 (“Leong Chee Kin” at [49]–[50]) , the quasi-partnership would be the
archetypal association formed or continued “on the basis of personal
relationships, involving mutual trust and confidence”. A quasi-partnership is
typically a company whose affairs are conducted with a degree of informality,
ie, where “the members do not transact on an arms-length basis, do not distil
their informal agreements into formal contracts, and do not record their
understandings in writing” (Leong Chee Kin at [50]). Such companies are
subjected to greater scrutiny by the courts because the informality with which
their affairs are run may leave minority members vulnerable to exploitative
conduct by the majority: in such cases, the courts will be more ready to
examine the parties’ past conduct to ascertain if there are “any informal
agreements or understandings between [them] which form the context for
considering whether specific conduct is or is not commercially unfair” (Leong
Chee Kin at [50]). However, it is apparent from Lord Wilberforce’s judgement
in Ebrahimi that the absence of a quasi-partnership in its traditional sense
per se does not preclude the claimant in a minority oppression action from
relying on legitimate expectations that may have arisen from implied or
informal understandings between the parties; and if these implied or informal
understandings are established on the evidence, they may form the basis for
the superimposition of equitable considerations: see Anita Hatta v Lee Siow
Kiang Georgia and others [2020] 5 SLR 304 (“Anita Hatta”) at [69].

153 In Lim Kok Wah, the court found that the evidence of the manner in which
the patriarch of the family had run the two companies before his death did not
support the plaintiffs’ assertion that the companies were quasi-partnerships
or companies akin to quasi-partnerships (at [115]). As for the plaintiffs’
assertion that there was an implied or informal understanding between the
parties that they (the plaintiffs) were entitled to participate in the
management of the companies, there was also no evidence of any such implied or
informal understanding (at [122]). There was therefore no basis for the
plaintiffs’ claim to a “legitimate expectation” to participate in management:
they could not rely on any subjective expectation that they might have
harboured that they would be entitled to participate in the management of
either company (at [121]).

154 In Anita Hatta, the plaintiff alleged that the 1st defendant’s actions
between 2012 and 2017 constituted oppression of her interests as a minority
shareholder in three companies in which she had invested $2m. The 1st
defendant was the sole director of the companies; and the plaintiff had been
introduced to her through a mutual friend some years prior to investing in the
companies. Valerie Thean J did not accept that the companies in question were
quasi-partnerships in the traditional sense, as the evidence showed that this
was not a case where the parties worked in circumstances akin to a
partnership; the plaintiff’s own evidence made it clear that she had not
participated in the making of major decisions in the companies. Referencing
Lord Hoffmann’s judgment in O’Neill v Phillips, however, Thean J accepted that
outside of a quasi-partnership, “the commercial agreement [between the
parties] may be of a different kind, carrying its own informal understanding”.
Based on the evidence before her, she found that there was in fact an informal
understanding between the plaintiff and the 1st defendant, which included
elements arising from the plaintiff’s responsibility as a 5% shareholder for
signing off on financial statements, as well as the object of their joint
enterprise as documented by the 1st defendant herself in a text. Thean J found
that this informal understanding gave rise to certain legitimate expectations
on the plaintiff’s part, some of which were breached by the 1st defendant.

155 In Thio Syn Kym Wendy and others v Thio Syn Pyn and others [2017] SGHC 169
(“Thio Syn Pyn”), the plaintiffs (Wendy, Michael and Serene) were the minority
shareholders in three companies (THPL, MDI and URL). They sued their siblings
(Ernest and Patrick) and their mother (Mdm Kwik) – the majority shareholders
and directors – for minority oppression. The plaintiffs claimed inter alia
that the group of companies was a quasi-partnership; that there was a common
understanding that the plaintiffs were entitled to participate and to remain
in the management of the group as directors; and that the non-re-election of
Wendy and Serene to the boards of THPL and MDI was therefore oppressive of
their interests. Judith Prakash JA found, on the evidence before her, that the
group was not a quasi-partnership, and that independent of whether the group
was a quasi-partnership, there was no such common understanding as alleged
among the parties.

156 In respect of other allegations relating to the reduction of Michael’s
remuneration, the increase in Ernest’s and Patrick’s remuneration, and the
removal of Michael’s and Serene’s car benefits, however, Prakash JA accepted
the plaintiffs’ contention that these acts were commercially unfair and
therefore oppressive. She noted that based on the evidence, Michael had no
legitimate expectation that he would receive a certain amount of remuneration
or benefits as part of his employment with MDI. She also noted that the
reduction of Michael’s salary and the removal of his and Serene’s car benefits
did not per se affect their interests qua shareholders. However, she found it
significant that Ernest and Patrick had made selective use of a consultants’
report to justify reducing Michael’s salary and removing his and Serene’s car
benefits, while increasing their own remuneration in a manner which could not
be reasonably explained and which was even (in one instance) contrary to the
consultants’ recommendation. In respect of the reduction of Michael’s salary,
there was also evidence that this was done out of spite and not pursuant to
rational corporate considerations. Ernest and Patrick were aware that
Michael’s employment resulted from familial, and not corporate,
considerations: Mdm Kwik had wanted his livelihood to be provided for. His
position was special, and while he might not have had a basis to expect his
salary to be increased along with his brothers’, he “would confidently have
expected that they would not reduce it so as to shrink his rice bowl” (at
[85]). Prakash JA found that Ernest and Patrick had effected the salary
reduction in order to “rap [Michael] on the knuckles for his disagreements
with them and not as a measure for the overall corporate benefit”. In sum, her
finding was that the two of them had cherry-picked the consultants’ comments
and used the consultants’ report “selectively to benefit (or continue to
benefit) themselves while using their power as directors and shareholders to
deprive the plaintiffs of long-enjoyed benefits, and in the case of Michael,
substantially so” (at [90]).

157 To recapitulate, therefore: in the context of a s 216 claim, an assessment
of commercial unfairness requires a consideration of whether there has been a
visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and a violation of the
conditions of fair play which a member is entitled to expect (Over & Over Ltd
v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (“Over & Over”) at [77]);
and this in turn requires a consideration of what exactly the member is
entitled to expect. The applicable standard of fairness would then differ
“depending on the nature of the company and the relationships of the
shareholders” (Lim Kok Wah at [102]). In this connection, the baseline for
determining the applicable standard of fairness is that members are entitled
to "rely on their strict legal powers and rights under the company’s articles
of association and under the Companies Act”. To go beyond this baseline, a
member must show that the company is subject to equitable considerations
arising either at the time when the parties’ relationship commenced, or
subsequently, which makes it unfair for those conducting its affairs to rely
on their strict legal powers and rights under the company’s constitution and
under the Companies Act (Lim Kok Wah at [102]).

158 It should further be highlighted that in determining whether there has
been commercial unfairness, it is also important to distinguish unfairness
from unlawfulness. Conduct that is technically unlawful may not be unfair (Lim
Kok Wah (at [100]). Breaches of the Companies Act and/or the company’s
constitution will not necessarily be regarded as oppression of the minority
members’ interests unless something more is shown (Lian Hwee Choo Phebe and
another v Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd and others and another suit
[2010] SGHC 268 (“Maxz Universal”) at [60]).

Proper plaintiff rule and no reflective loss principle

159 In considering what a minority shareholder is entitled to expect, the
court will also have to consider whether the breach of his expectation amounts
to a distinct injury under s 216 Companies Act. The conceptual distinction
between corporate rights and personal rights is a critical one. Section 216 is
not to be used to vindicate wrongs which are in substance wrongs committed
against the company, ie, wrongs which are corporate rather than personal in
nature. This is the proper plaintiff rule: Suying Design at [30]; Foss v
Harbottle (1843) 2 Hare 461. The rule stipulates that the proper plaintiff to
sue for a wrong done to a company is prima facie the company, which is a
separate legal entity from the shareholders.

160 The other side of the proper plaintiff rule is the “no reflective loss”
principle. An aggrieved minority shareholder may not sue under s 216 if his
loss lies in the diminution of the value of his shares in the company which
merely reflects the company’s loss, which can be made good if the company were
able to and did enforce its rights: Suying Design at [30]; Ng Kek Wee v Sim
City Technology Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 723 (“Ng Kek Wee”) at [61] and [70]; Miao
Weiguo v Tendcare Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tian Jian
Hua Xia Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd) (in judicial management) and another
[2022] 1 SLR 884 (“Miao Weiguo”) at [200]–[201].

161 Further, as alluded to previously (at [122] above), a member claiming
minority oppression must show that the distinct injury he has suffered amounts
to commercial unfairness against him as a member of the company. Section 216
is designed for the protection of members of companies, and it is in that
capacity that members of companies seek its protection – not as directors or
employees (Suying Design at [36]).

162 In Suying Design, it will be recalled that the plaintiff Mr Ng had alleged
oppressive conduct by the defendant Ms Tan which included misappropriation of
SMSPL’s funds. Inter alia, Mr Ng claimed that Ms Tan’s conduct was in breach
of an oral agreement which they had for the treatment of post-incorporation
invoices. Ms Tan disagreed with Mr Ng as to what they had agreed on. At first
instance, the High Court preferred Mr Ng’s version of the oral agreement. The
High Court held that the injury Mr Ng sought to vindicate was the injury to
his investment in SMSPL caused by Ms Tan’s breaches; that the misappropriation
of funds was in breach of Mr Ng’s legitimate expectation as a shareholder that
SMSPL’s funds would not be siphoned away; and that this had a direct impact on
Mr Ng’s interests as a shareholder.

163 On appeal, the CA in Suying Design held (at [109]) that while the High
Court’s reasoning appeared prima facie to follow closely the reasoning
employed in Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other
matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Sakae Holdings”), in Sakae Holdings the CA had held
that “the real injury sought to be vindicated by the minority shareholder,
Sakae, was the injury to its investment in the joint venture and the breach of
its legitimate expectations as to how the company’s affairs and its financial
investment were to be managed”. Crucially, the CA in Sakae Holdings had noted
that the High Court judge in that case had “carefully considered how Sakae was
personally affected by each of the impugned transactions” before finding that
with the exception of one, “the transactions had been carried out in breach of
Sakae’s rights which had been carefully negotiated for in, inter alia, the
joint venture agreement”. Sham documents had also been created to conceal
these transactions. In addition, Sakae had let one Andy Ong manage the
company’s affairs because of the longstanding relationship between Ong and the
chairman of Sakae’s board. This was the basis on which the CA in Sakae
Holdings had held that Sakae had a legitimate expectation that its funds would
not be mismanaged, much less siphoned away in the manner they had been.

164 The CA in Suying Design went on to hold (at [110]) that the mere fact that
an injury has been caused to a shareholder’s investment did not mean that it
would suffice to constitute a distinct personal wrong. There first needed to
be careful consideration of whether the injury to the minority shareholder was
merely a reflection of the injury caused to the company. Additionally, the CA
highlighted that while a shareholder might be entitled to expect certain
standards of fair dealing and fair play, especially where the majority
shareholder and wrongdoer was also a director of the company, it did not
necessarily follow that a breach of such standards necessarily formed a
distinct personal wrong. Sakae Holdings represented an instance of a “clear,
egregious and fraudulent breach of an express understanding” between the
parties as to how their joint venture was to be carried out, and was thus
distinguishable from the facts in Suying Design.

165 On the facts of Suying Design (at [111]–[113]), the CA held that Mr Ng did
not have any basis for any expectations as to how SMSPL would be managed,
apart from the basic expectations a shareholder may legitimately hold, ie, a
reasonable expectation as a shareholder that SMSPL’s funds would not be
siphoned away. The CA found that such a baseline expectation did not provide a
sufficient basis on which to find that Mr Ng had suffered a distinct personal
injury which would amount to commercial unfairness. To find otherwise would
suggest that any misappropriation of moneys by a director would constitute a
distinct injury to a shareholder; and this was not acceptable as it would be
“too broad a construction of the framework” set out in Sakae Holdings and
would “make impermissible inroads into the proper plaintiff rule”. In any
event, even if there were a distinct injury, it did not necessary follow that
it would be commercially unfair to Mr Ng if the breaches were not remedied:

114 …The claim in respect of the Gratuity Payment therefore should not have
been brought under s 216. This is not to say that there was no wrongdoing, but
rather, that any such wrong was one done to the company, and should therefore
have been pursued under a different cause of action – such as a derivative
action under s 216A…

[Emphasis in original]

166 As the CA has acknowledged in various cases (see, eg, Sakae Holdings at
[86], Suying Design at [32], Ng Kek Wee at [62]), there may be cases where
conduct amounting to a corporate wrong can also plausibly be said to
constitute a personal wrong. How the conduct is to be characterised depends
very much on the facts of each case. In Ng Kek Wee, the CA cited (at
[67]–[68]) the following passage from the judgement of Millett J in Re
Charnley Davies Ltd (No 2) [1990] BCLC 760 (“Re Charnley Davies”) for its
perceptive articulation of the distinction between unlawful conduct and
conduct that is unfairly prejudicial (the UK equivalent to our notion of
commercial unfairness) to the petitioner’s interest:

An allegation that the acts complained of are unlawful or infringe the
petitioner’s legal rights is not a necessary averment in a s 27 petition [the
equivalent of our s 216]. In my judgement it is not a sufficient averment
either. The petitioner must allege and prove that they are evidence or
instances of the management of the company’s affairs by the administrator in a
manner which is unfairly prejudicial to the petitioner’s interests. Unlawful
conduct may be relied on for this purpose, and its unlawfulness may have a
significant probative value, but it is not the essential factor on which the
petitioner’s cause of action depends.

[Emphasis in original]

167 As the CA in Ng Kek Wee stated in summing up the applicable analytical
approach, a s 216 action “is appropriately brought where the complainant is
relying on the unlawfulness of the wrongdoer’s conduct as evidence of the
manner in which the wrongdoer had conducted the company’s affairs in disregard
of the complainant’s interest as a minority shareholder and where the
complaint cannot be adequately addressed by the remedy provided by law for
that wrong”.

168 It is at this juncture that I should say something about the TCP-related
allegations of oppression. In respect of TCP, the Plaintiffs pleaded at [10]
of their Statement of Claim that Joe was “the beneficial and registered
shareholder of [TCP]” 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 10.

. In his AEIC, Joe also stated (at para 7) that he "personally” held 22.5% of
TCP’s shares. This suggested that the Plaintiffs were taking the position that
the TCP-related allegations were oppressive of Joe’s personal rights as a
shareholder of TCP. Paragraph 10 of the Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim was
denied by GSS and the 4th to 7th Defendants in their respective Defences. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 19; 4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment
No.1) at para 18.

In their Defence, the 4th to 7th Defendants also pleaded that TCP was
incorporated on the understanding that it was to “be wholly-owned by AIQ”, and
that this was the basis on which TCP shares had been transferred into the
names of its directors – including Joe. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 24.

169 What was interesting and revealing was that under cross-examination at
trial, Joe accepted that insofar as the TCP directors held any TCP shares,
these were held on trust for AIQ. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript of 16 August 2022 at p 110 ln 17 to p 116 ln 21.

I say this was interesting and revealing because if this were true, the TCP-
related allegations of oppression could not have injured Joe’s personal rights
as a shareholder of TCP. In his further submissions (at para 72), 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

3rd Df Further Submissions at para 72.

GSS alluded to this conundrum. Unfortunately, the Plaintiffs did not expressly
address this issue either in their closing submissions or in their further
submission.

170 Given Joe’s testimony in cross-examination and given the qua member rule,
it would appear that the Plaintiffs’ case in oppression vis-à-vis TCP must be
that Joe’s rights as a shareholder of AIQ were oppressed because as a
shareholder of AIQ, he had certain legitimate expectations – by virtue of the
Understanding and Agreement – as to how TCP would be managed. This was the
basis on which I approached the Plaintiffs’ TCP-related allegations of
oppression, as it appeared to be the only coherent basis on which the
Plaintiffs could have pursued their TCP-related oppression claims following
Joe’s about-face under cross-examination.

The relevance of the Plaintiff’s own conduct to the court’s consideration of
whether there was commercial unfairness

171 The final aspect of the concept of commercial unfairness which I consider
in this section of my written grounds concerns the relevance of the
Plaintiffs’ own conduct to the court’s consideration of whether commercial
unfairness has been established, and if yes, what reliefs may be appropriate.
This issue was relevant in the present case because in respect of several of
the Plaintiffs’ allegations of oppressive conduct (eg, commissioning and
issuance of the Special Audit Report at [432]–[471] below, procuring AIQ to
resist payment of Joe’s salary and loans claims at [472]–[502] below), the
Defendants’ explanations for some of their actions were premised on Joe having
conducted himself in a certain way – including his conduct as a director of
AIQ in the period before the 4th to 7th Defendants joined the company.

172 In Tan Yong San v Neo Kok Eng and others [2011] SGHC 30 (“Tan Yong San”),
the plaintiff Tan, who held 0.89% of the shares in a company known as “CHH”,
brought a suit under s 216 of the Companies Act against the majority
shareholder Neo, who held 99.1% of the shares, as well as Neo’s wife. Neo and
his wife argued inter alia that Tan was barred by the equitable doctrine of
laches from complaining about oppression of his rights as minority
shareholder. Quentin Loh JC (as he then was) noted that since the remedies
which Tan was seeking were derived from statute and not from equity, the prima
facie position was that laches, or other equitable defences, did not bar Tan’s
right to claim for relief under s 216. However, Loh JC pointed out that such a
view was too simplistic because although a s 216 claim was statutory in
nature, the principles on what constituted oppressive or unfairly prejudicial
conduct were “heavily influenced by considerations of fairness and equity”. In
his view (at [103]):

Since considerations of fairness and equity play a crucial role in an action
under s 216, a court should rightly be able to take into account the conduct
of all the parties in determining whether there has been unfairness as a whole
warranting the grant of relief under s 216(2). After all, fairness is a
relative concept. Furthermore, because the court has a very wide discretion in
granting such relief, it would only be natural to consider the relative
equities of both the minority and majority shareholders in determining the
appropriate form of relief.

173 Loh JC (at [104]) also cited with approval the following passage from
Robin Hollington QC, Shareholders’ Rights (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2007) at
para 7-123 – wherein the author discussed the application of the “clean hands”
doctrine in equity in relation to the UK equivalent of s 216:

Where the petitioner is relying upon traditional equitable principles to
establish unfair prejudice, then it appears that the court will apply the
general equitable principle that those seeking equitable relief must come to
the court with “clean hands”. ... Any misconduct on the part of the
petitioner, in so far as it relates to the grounds of unfair prejudice relief,
must of course be material to the court’s assessment of the unfairness of the
treatment of the minority by the majority and of the relief that ought to be
granted to redress any wrong done.

174 Loh JC went on to hold (at [105]) that the court hearing a s 216 action
could take into account equitable defences such as laches and the clean hands
doctrine in determining whether there has been oppressive conduct and in
awarding the consequential relief.

175 While Loh JC was dealing specifically with the equitable defence of laches
in Tan Yong San, the principles which he articulated on the relevance of a s
216 plaintiff’s conduct to the court’s consideration of the plaintiff’s
complaint of commercial fairness were clearly not intended to be limited to
cases involving laches and/or the clean hands doctrine. As he took pains to
point out (at [102]), the inquiry into whether a course of conduct may be
characterised as unfair was a “multifaceted inquiry” (citing the CA in Over &
Over). Since fairness was a “relative concept”, it made sense that the court
should generally be able to consider the s 216 plaintiff’s conduct in
determining, firstly, whether the element of commercial unfairness had been
made out; and secondly, if this element had been made out, what reliefs would
be appropriate to grant the said plaintiff.

176 By way of illustrating his point, Loh JC referred to the English CA’s
decision in Blackmore v Richardson [2006] BCC 276 (“Blackmore”). In Blackmore,
the petitioner and the two respondents had carried on the business of
providing a radio taxi service through a partnership, and later through a
company in which they were directors and equal shareholders. The respondents
subsequently sold their shares to a third party C, who owned a competing
business. The petitioner brought a petition under s 459 of the UK Companies
Act 1985. The unfair prejudice he complained of included the fact that he had
been excluded from the company and that his position in the company had been
altered from that of being an equal shareholder with the two respondents to
that of being a minority shareholder where the majority shareholder was
someone with whom he had never had any dealings and who owned a competing
business. In the course of the trial, evidence was given to show that some
months prior to the respondents’ sale of their shares to C, the petitioner had
given them a letter which purported to be an offer for his shares from another
taxi company. In fact, the petitioner had forged this letter.

177 At first instance, the trial judge found the petitioner’s conduct in
forging the letter to be deplorable, but held that the forgery did not
automatically discharge the obligations of good faith which he found to be
imposed on the former partners towards each other. On appeal, the English CA
held (at [52]–[56]) that the trial judge was “plainly right” to take this
position. As the English CA noted, the forgery “had no immediate or necessary
relation to the circumstances upon which the petitioner’s entitlement, or
otherwise, to relief depended”: “at best”, the forgery was “an episode in the
background history”. The trial judge was right to disregard it in his
consideration of whether the conditions under s 459 were satisfied. He was
also right to disregard it in relation to the question of whether to exercise
his discretion to make any, and if so, what order for relief under s 461.

178 In Grace v Biagioli [2005] EWCA Civ 1222, the company at the centre of the
dispute (“Telpro UK”) had issued a total of 100 shares, with the petitioner
and the three respondents each having 25 shares in the company. The petitioner
and the three respondents were also directors of the company. After things
soured between then, the petitioner brought proceedings under s 459 of the UK
Companies Act 1985, claiming that that the respondents had decided to
distribute profits to themselves alone without his knowledge or consent, and
that they had also removed him as a director. He sought an order for the
respondents to buy out his shares in Telpro UK.

179 At first instance, the trial judge found that unfair prejudice was
established in respect of the failure to pay the petitioner dividends, but not
in respect of his removal as director. The trial judge held that the
petitioner’s removal as director was not unfairly prejudicial within the
meaning of s 459(1) because the respondents had possessed sufficient cause to
remove the petitioner. In gist, the petitioner had put himself in a position
of actual or potential conflict with his duties as a director by negotiating
to acquire a company dealing in the same line of business as Telpro UK. Having
found that there was fault on the part of the petitioner, the trial judge held
that this (together with a number of other reasons) should exclude the making
of a buyout order and instead ordered the company to pay the petitioner a sum
of £20,000 plus interest.

180 On appeal by the petitioner, the English CA held (at [69]) that the trial
judge was entitled to conclude that the petitioner’s conduct had justified his
removal as a director. This was because although the petitioner was entitled
to take the view that the difference between him and the respondents made it
sensible for him to seek out alternative opportunities for the future, the way
in which he had done so – in an underhand and secretive manner, and by
negotiating the purchase of a related business – would have placed him in a
position of conflict with his duties as a director towards Telpro UK. The
English CA therefore dismissed the petitioner’s appeal against the trial
judge’s finding that his removal as director had not been unfairly
prejudicial. At the same time, however, the English CA held that in respect of
the relief granted to the petitioner, the trial judge had exercised his
discretion under s 461 on too narrow a basis, and the factors which he had
considered as reasons for not making a buyout order did not justify the
conclusion reached. The petitioner’s appeal against the trial judge’s refusal
to make a buyout order was accordingly allowed.

181 In Re R A Noble & Sons (Clothing) Ltd [1983] BCLC 273 (“Re Noble”), a
small private company was set up by Mr Noble and Mr Bailey to take over a
business previously run by Mr Noble. The parties agreed inter alia that Mr
Bailey would invest £10,000 in the venture; that Mr Bailey and Mr Noble would
each have 50 shares in the company (with Mr Bailey’s shares being held by a
company he controlled (“Anafield”)); that Mr Bailey would bear the expense of
fitting out a new shop to be acquired by the company; and that Mr Noble would
be responsible for conducting the company’s affairs for which he would receive
a salary. The working relationship between the parties deteriorated, however,
and contact between Mr Bailey and Mr Noble became less frequent. This
culminated in Mr Bailey writing to Mr Noble saying that he wished to sever his
connection with the company – and also seeking repayment of the loan made as
well as payment for work done on renovations for the shop. Subsequently,
Anafield also filed a petition seeking relief (inter alia) under s 75 of the
UK Companies Act 1980 for unfair prejudice to its interests. It was alleged
that Mr Noble had improperly assumed control of the company and had excluded
Mr Bailey from involvement in the company affairs.

182 In considering whether there was unfair prejudice, Nourse J found that Mr
Bailey’s exclusion from management of the company was not unfair because it
was to a large extent due to Mr Bailey’s disinterest – and that Mr Noble had
simply wanted to get on with the management of the company’s affairs and was
not guilty of any underhanded conduct. In particular, Nourse J explained that
(at p 291-292 of Re Noble):

As to s 75, I certainly think that Mr Noble's conduct, inasmuch as it resulted
in the exclusion of Mr Bailey from participation in all major decisions
affecting the Company's affairs, could in other circumstances have amounted to
conduct unfairly prejudicial to the interests of Anafield, even though the
value of its shareholding in the Company may not have been seriously
diminished or seriously jeopardised. I entirely agree with Slade J that s 75
cannot be limited to cases of that nature. On the other hand, I have acquitted
Mr Noble of any form of underhand conduct. In particular, I acquit him of
deliberately deceiving Mr Bailey as to the existence of the substantial
overdraft on the Josy Fashions' account. I think that Mr Noble's attitude was
that he just wanted to get on with the business without having to consult Mr
Bailey about anything upon which he was not forced to consult him. But in all
the circumstances of this case, including many to which I have not
specifically referred, I do not think that it can be said that Mr Noble's
conduct was unfairly prejudicial to the interests of Anafield. In my judgment,
the crucial word on the facts of this case is 'unfairly'. It is at this point
that Mr Bailey's disinterest becomes a decisive factor. In the end, and by
reference to the test propounded by Slade J, I do not think that a reasonable
bystander, observing the consequences of Mr Noble's conduct and judging it to
have been prejudicial to the interests of Anafield, would regard it as having
been unfair. I think he would say that Mr Bailey had partly brought it upon
himself. That means that there is no case for relief under s 75.

[emphasis added]

183 To sum up, therefore, the authorities establish that in an oppression
claim under s 216 of the Companies Act, the plaintiff’s own conduct may be
relevant to the court’s consideration of whether the treatment he complains of
is commercially unfair, and also in the court’s consideration of the
appropriate relief to be granted in the event commercial unfairness is proven.

184 Finally, in applying the above principles in its evaluation of an
oppression claim, the court should bear in mind the CA’s injunction in Ascend
Field that “the law does not condone a tit-for-tat approach to shareholder
relations (Ascend Field at [69] citing Leong Chee Kin at [76]). Both Ascend
Field and Leong Chee Kin are instructive in the illustration they provide of
conduct which may be regarded as having devolved into a tit-for-tat approach
between disputing shareholders.

185 In Ascend Field, one Mr Tee and one Mr Ng had set up AFPL as equal
shareholders. Prior to setting up AFPL, Mr Ng and his wife (“Ms Kor”) ran
another company (“YFX”). Both AFPL and YFX provided cleaning services to
office premises and buildings. Mr Tee’s friend and business partner (“Mr
Ching”) controlled certain businesses (“Oxley businesses”), and AFPL was
awarded cleaning contracts by the Oxley businesses. Mr Ng was at the material
time the sole director. Eventually, Mr Tee claimed to have discovered various
lapses in AFPL’s management, which led to the breakdown of the working
relationship between Mr Tee and Mr Ng. Mr Tee commenced an oppression suit
against Mr Ng, Ms Kor and YFX, claiming that Mr Ng had acted oppressively by
inter alia diverting AFPL’s contracts, employees and resources to YFX; causing
AFPL to make wrongful payments to YFX; removing Mr Tee as a bank signatory;
and refusing to declare dividends. In relation to Mr Ng’s conduct in diverting
AFPL’s contracts to YFX, Mr Ng and Ms Kor argued inter alia that they had
acted in response to Mr Ching’s conduct in allegedly threatening to close down
AFPL and to inform AFPL’s customers to contract with a new cleaning company
(at [66] of Ascend Field).

186 At first instance, the trial judge found that the five contracts in
question were diverted to YFX from AFPL after the relationship between the
parties broke down, and after Mr Ching caused the Oxley businesses to divert
their contracts from AFPL to a third-party cleaning company. The trial judge
held that regardless of such action, Mr Ng “had no excuse to divert the
contracts to YFX” (at [67] of Ascend Field).

187 The CA agreed with the trial judge’s findings on this issue (at [69]). In
particular, the CA noted that notwithstanding the breakdown of relations
between Mr Ng, Mr Tee and Mr Ching and the alleged threats made by the latter
two, Mr Tee and Mr Ching did not have any management control over AFPL and
could not have caused it to shut down. The CA held that even if Mr Ching had
terminated AFPL’s contracts with his Oxley businesses, Mr Ng “was not
precluded from ensuring that AFPL performed its other existing contracts”; and
“[a]ny grievances that he had could have been managed through proper means,
such as his continued participation in the share buyout negotiations or by
taking legal action against Mr Ching and Mr Tee for their alleged interference
with AFPL’s contractual relations”. The parties were agreed that AFPL was set
up as a quasi-partnership based on a relationship of mutual trust and
confidence between Mr Ng and Mr Tee (at [41]); and that Mr Tee had a
legitimate expectation that while YFX continued running after AFPL’s
incorporation, Mr Ng would not be in a position of conflict of interest in
relation to it (at [49] and [54]). By diverting AFPL’s contracts to YFX, Mr Ng
had breached Mr Tee’s legitimate expectations (at [69]).

188 In Leong Chee Kin, the plaintiff had accepted the second and third
defendants’ invitation to join their interior design business (“Ideal Design
Studio”) as a director and a shareholder with a 16.67% stake through shares
sold to him by the third defendant. Parties had an understanding that the
plaintiff would be paid a certain percentage of the profit on every project he
brought in or managed. The plaintiff was set a target of bringing in $200,000
in sales within six months, failing which he was to resign as director and
sell his shares back to the third defendant at the purchase price.
Subsequently, despite failing to meet the targets, the plaintiff refused to
resign as director or to sell his shares back to the third defendant. The
plaintiff was then removed as a director at an EGM. Subsequently, the
defendants incorporated five companies which the plaintiff was excluded from.
Each of the five companies had the words “Ideal Design” in its name. The
plaintiff found out about these five companies some two years after their
incorporation. He commenced oppression proceedings against the second and
third defendants, alleging inter alia the diversion of business from Ideal
Design Studio to the five companies.

189 On the facts, Coomaraswamy J found that the defendants’ “real reason for
incorporating the five companies was to divert the revenue, and therefore also
the profits, of what would otherwise have been Ideal Design Studio’s business
to entities in which the plaintiff had no shareholding and accordingly no
legal entitlement to share in the profits” (at [77] of Leong Chee Kin). While
Coomaraswamy J found that the plaintiff’s refusal to sell back his shares was
a breach of the understanding between him and the defendants, such conduct on
the plaintiff’s part “did not entitle the defendants to approximate the effect
of his doing so by incorporating the five companies and diverting business
from Ideal Design Studio to them” (at [75]). The diversion of business was not
only a breach of the defendants’ fiduciary duties to Ideal Design Studio; it
“defeated the plaintiff’s legitimate expectation as a shareholder” and was
“grossly commercially unfair to the plaintiff as a minority shareholder of
Ideal Design Studio” (at [77]).

190 Before I leave this section on the applicable legal principles, I note the
Plaintiffs have argued that I should not take into account Joe’s conduct in
determining the existence of commercial unfairness. This was because according
to the Plaintiffs, the 3rd to 7th Defendants had failed to plead their
reliance on the clean hands doctrine and/or any other equitable defence
warranting a denial of relief. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Pf Further Submissions at para 35.

191 I rejected the above argument. In the first place, the Plaintiffs’
contention that the 3rd to 7th Defendants were seeking to rely on the “clean
hands” doctrine was misconceived. From the 3rd to 7th Defendants’ pleadings
and submissions, it was evident that they were not relying on this equitable
doctrine. Instead, their position was that Joe’s various actions formed the
reason(s) or basis for some of the actions taken against him (eg, the
commissioning and issuance of the Special Audit Report).

192 As for the Plaintiffs’ contention that they were unprepared for the 3rd to
7th Defendants’ attempt to rely on Joe’s alleged misconduct as a factor
militating against a finding of commercial unfairness, a review of the 4th to
7th Defendants’ pleadings showed that they had expressly pleaded in their
Defence the material facts in respect of their reliance on Joe’s conduct as
justification for some of the actions taken against him.

193 For instance, it was pleaded that:

(a) The 4th to 7th Defendants had in the best interests of AIQ engaged TRS
Forensics to “investigate and produce the special audit in relation to AIQ’s
transactions between 2014 and 2015”. This included inter alia the Medical
Application purchase and the authenticity and validity of Joe’s Consultancy
Agreement with AIQ; 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at paras 6-9.

(b) The Special Audit had revealed the Joe’s purported employment contract
with AIQ dated 15 May 2015 (“Employment Contract”) was forged and/or only
created and signed in or around December 2017; 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 46.

(c) Such a revelation by the Special Audit raised serious concerns as to
whether Joe was entitled to his salary as claimed; 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 46A.

(d) The problems with the Medical Application purchase suggested that there
was a potential breach of Joe’s fiduciary duties to AIQ; 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 46B.

and

(e) The 4th to 7th Defendants would rely on the contents of the Special Audit
conducted by TRS Forensics for its full effect at trial. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

4th-7th Df Defence (Amendment No.1) at para 46B.

194 In addition to the pleadings, the AEICs too made it clear beyond doubt
that the 4th to 7th Defendants were saying that Joe’s conduct had justified
some of the actions taken against him. For example, Kian Wai stated in his
AEIC that the Special Audit was conducted because certain suspicious
transactions which AIQ had been party to during Joe’s earlier term as a
director had caused AIQ to be unable to finalise its financial statements from
FY 2014 to FY 2015, and this had raised concerns amongst the 4th to 7th
Defendants. Further, according to Kian Wai’s AEIC evidence, Joe was evasive
and unable to provide proper documentation for these earlier transactions.
Joe’s continuing failure to give a satisfactory response to AIQ’s auditors led
to the eventual decision to commission a Special Audit. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

AEIC of 6th Df at paras 19 to 42.

195 As for the Plaintiffs’ argument that Joe’s alleged misconduct had no
immediate or necessary relation to the oppressive acts and the argument that
the 3rd to 7th Defendants were in any event unable to prove such misconduct,
these are dealt with in the course of these written grounds.

The Plaintiffs’ pleaded case on minority oppression

196 Having set out above the legal principles applicable to the Plaintiffs’
claim under s 216 Companies Act, I explain in the next section how I applied
these principles in considering the various allegations of oppressive conduct
pleaded by the Plaintiffs.

197 It will be recalled that I found that Joe had no locus standi to bring the
s 216 claim insofar as it related to AIQ, since he was indisputably no longer
a registered member of AIQ when the action was commenced and did not fall
within any of the recognized exceptions (see [66]–[81] above). I also found
that the Plaintiffs had failed to prove that Thames held the AIQ shares purely
as Joe’s nominee, and that Thames accordingly also had no locus standi to
bring the s 216 claim insofar as it related to AIQ, since it was premised on
Joe’s rights under the Understanding and Agreement having been breached (see
[130]–[143] above). I have explained that in the interests of completeness,
notwithstanding my finding against Thames, I did still proceed to consider the
AIQ-related allegations of oppression on the alternative assumption that the
Plaintiffs could establish that Thames held the shares as Joe’s nominee.

198 The key acts of oppression alleged by the Plaintiffs were as follows: 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 9.

(a) Breach of the Understanding and Agreement (including the 2:1 Funding
Agreement); 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 19–21.

(b) Wrongful diversion of funds and resources from AIQ to TCP, and
unauthorised loans from AIQ to TCP in breach of s 163 of the Companies Act;
168

##### Foot Note 168

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 25–39.

(c) Wrongful denial of Joe’s right to inspect, have access to, and be provided
with the financial information, books and records of AIQ and TCP; 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 48–59.

(d) Wrongful dilution of Joe’s shareholding in AIQ through the Rights Issue;
170

##### Foot Note 170

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 40–47.

(e) Wrongful removal of Joe as a director of AIQ and TCP;

(f) Wrongful procurement of the Special Audit Report to cast false aspersions
on Joe before AIQ’s shareholders and to lend support to the other oppressive
acts; 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 82–85B.

(g) Wrongfully procuring AIQ to deny liability for outstanding salary payments
and loan repayments due to Joe; 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 60–81.

and

(h) Procuring AIQ to enter into the Assignment Agreement and engineering the
winding up of AIQ and TCP. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 85C–86.

199 Per their pleaded case, the Plaintiffs’ s 216 claim was not premised on
the breach of their rights as shareholder under any specific provisions of
AIQ’s Constitution and/or under the Companies Act. Nor was their claim
premised on the assertion that AIQ was a quasi-partnership in the sense that
the term has been used in cases such as Ebrahimi and Lim Kok Wah. It should be
noted that although in their pleadings the Plaintiff described the
relationship between Joe and GSS as being a “quasi-partnership”, this very
loose use of the term was not explained or clarified in Joe’s AEIC and/or in
closing submissions. Indeed, in closing submissions, the Plaintiffs did not
even touch on their use of the term “quasi-partnership” in their pleadings.

200 Instead, the Plaintiffs’ claim of oppression was premised in large part on
alleged breaches of the Understanding and Agreement which they said had been
concluded between Joe and GSS, the terms of which (according to the
Plaintiffs) provided for inter alia the 2:1 Funding Agreement, Joe’s right to
remain as a director and Chairman of AIQ and as a director of TCP, and Joe’s
right to “full financial information” about AIQ’s and TCP’s business progress.
174

##### Foot Note 174

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19.

Although one of the allegations of oppressive conduct concerned the making of
unauthorised loans by AIQ to TCP in breach of s 161 Companies Act, bearing in
mind the CA’s observations about the distinction between unlawful conduct and
conduct that is commercially unfair (Ng Kek Wee at [67]–[68]), I understood
the Plaintiffs to be saying that the unauthorised loans were oppressive
because they were made in disregard of the Understanding and Agreement which
stipulated how funding provided by Joe and GSS to AIQ was to be utilised.

The alleged Understanding & Agreement between Joe and GSS

201 I next consider the first of the two key themes in the Plaintiffs’
oppression case. As the Plaintiffs’ case presented the Understanding and
Agreement as the instrument which had given rise to those rights which Joe
(and his purported nominee, Thames) were claiming had been breached, it was
crucial to consider how it was described in their pleadings. Per the
Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, the Understanding and Agreement was not a
shareholders’ agreement to which all the shareholders of AIQ and TCP were a
party to. Instead, per the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, the Understanding and
Agreement was “an express and/or implied agreement, or mutual understanding
and trust, between [Joe and GSS]” 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19.

.

202 GSS denied the existence of the Understanding and Agreement. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 23.

Whether the Plaintiffs were able to prove the existence of the Understanding
and Agreement between Joe and GSS

203 In my consideration of the Plaintiffs’ oppression claim, given their
pleaded case, the first issue which needed to be determined was whether the
Understanding and Agreement – with all its constituent terms, as pleaded –
even existed. The Plaintiffs bore the burden of proving the existence of the
Understanding and Agreement. On the basis of the evidence before me, I found
that the Plaintiffs were unable to discharge this burden of proof. I explain
my reasons for this finding at [214]–[274] below.

204 I first outline each side’s position in respect of the existence of the
Understanding and Agreement and its alleged terms.

The parties’ respective positions on the Understanding and Agreement

(1) Plaintiff’s position

205 It was not disputed that GSS first invested in AIQ in April 2015, via a
subscription for 5.86% of the shareholding in AIQ to the tune of US$5 million
(as at [13] above). In 2016, after the anticipated acquisition of AIQ by Powa
fell through and after Carl Freer left the company, Joe approached Leslie
again, hoping to get GSS to co-fund the company together with him. On 19 July
2016, GSS lent US$1 million to AIQ pursuant to the Convertible Loan Agreement
(as at [14] above).

206 Against this backdrop, according to the Plaintiffs, the first discussions
pertaining to the Understanding and Agreement took place “sometime in or
around September/October 2016” 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at pp 3–5.

between Joe and Leslie (acting as GSS’ representative). On 3 February 2017,
when Joe and GSS met in person, GSS informed Joe that he was willing to invest
more money in AIQ. GSS was told AIQ required an additional $3m in funding.
Subsequently, sometime “in or around 1 March 2017”, Joe and GSS agreed that
together, they would contribute a further $3m in funding to AIQ “on a 1/3 and
2/3 basis respectively”. According to the Plaintiffs, this agreement was
reflected in the 1 March 2017 email from Joe to GSS. Both parties’
contributions were to be “treated as loans with an option to convert to
equity…at their respective options”; and there was to be “equal” treatment of
the two sets of loans. Additionally, Joe proposed – and GSS agreed – that he
(Joe) would remain the Chairman of AIQ and continue with his existing
remuneration package; and that payment of such remuneration would “continue to
be deferred and be treated as shareholder loans to [AIQ]”. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at pp 3–5.

207 It should be noted that per the Plaintiffs’ amended Statement of Claim 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19.

and their further and better particulars of 14 August 2021, 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at p 5, S/N 2(b)(ii).

there were eight express terms in the Understanding and Agreement, as agreed
between Joe and GSS. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19; Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at p 5, S/N 2(b)(i).

These have been set out in these written grounds at [30] above, but for ease
of reference, I reproduce them below:

(a) First and foremost, it was agreed that from January 2017 until the point
in time when AIQ became financially independent, GSS would bear two-thirds of
AIQ’s costs and expenses and Joe would bear one-third of the costs and
expenses. This was the term which Joe referred to as the 2:1 Funding
Agreement;

(b) Joe was to receive full financial information about AIQ’s business and its
progress;

(c) Joe was to remain a director and the Chairman of AIQ for which he would
continue to receive his agreed remuneration;

(d) Joe and GSS’ nominees would be directors of AIQ and would participate in
the conduct of AIQ’s business;

(e) GSS’ nominee-directors would use the funding provided for AIQ’s “Principal
Object” (defined as the development and sale of artificial intelligence and
the offering of offline-online-offline integrated solutions); 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 4.

(f) TCP was to be incorporated so that it would become an additional source of
revenue for AIQ, as well as a talent pool for recruitment and the generation
of business ideas;

(g) Joe would receive full financial information about TCP’s business and its
progress; and

(h) Joe and GSS’ nominees would be directors of TCP and would participate in
the conduct of the business of TCP.

208 Per the further and better particulars of 14 August 2021, the Plaintiffs
also pleaded that the Understanding and Agreement contained the following
implied terms:

(a) GSS “shall procure the 4th to 7th Defendants to perform all acts necessary
to ensure adherence to the terms of the Understanding and Agreement”;

(b) GSS “shall not, whether by himself or through the 4th to 7th Defendants,
perform any act that would result in a substantial dilution of [Joe’s]
(through [Thames’]) shareholding”;

(c) GSS “shall procure the 4th to 7th Defendants to acknowledge that the funds
provided by [Joe] were loans that were repayable on demand”;

(d) GSS “shall procure the 4th to 7th Defendants to utilise [AIQ’s] resources
(which includes [Joe’s] loans to the company” to progress the Principal Object
of [AIQ]”.

209 Having pleaded the above express and implied terms, the Plaintiffs took a
different position in their closing submissions. In their closing submissions,
the Plaintiffs took the position that there were only two express terms in the
Understanding and Agreement: the term referred to as the 2:1 Funding Agreement
and the term regarding the incorporation of TCP. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 218.

As to the other six terms pleaded at paras 19(2)-(5) and (7)-(8) of their
amended statement of claim, the Plaintiffs claimed in their closing
submissions that these terms “may not have been expressly agreed”, but that
they would nevertheless “have been required as a form of baseline
understanding before the other terms of [the Understanding and Agreement]
could be given effect”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 219.

In the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, these implied terms were described as
follows:

(a) That Joe would be fully involved in the management and business of AIQ and
TCP as a director and (in the case of AIQ) as Chairman, and would receive full
financial information about the companies’ progress;

(b) That the funds provided by Joe and GSS would be used towards the
development and commercialisation of AIQ’s VRT.

210 In their closing submissions, the Plaintiffs also stated that they were
relying on the following other implied terms (per their further and better
particulars of 14 August 2021):

(a) That GSS “shall procure the [4th to 7th Defendants]” to perform all acts
necessary to ensure adherence to the terms of the Understanding and Agreement;

(b) That GSS “shall not, whether by himself or through the [4th to 7th
Defendants]”, perform any act that would result in a substantial dilution of
Joe’s shareholding in AIQ;

(c) That GSS “shall procure [the 4th to 7th Defendants]” to acknowledge that
the funds provided by Joe were loans that were repayable on demand. This was
because Joe’s continued funding of AIQ from 2017 onwards was premised on the
Understanding and Agreement; and

(d) GSS shall procure the 4th to 7th Defendants to utilise AIQ’s resources
(which includes Joe’s loans to the company) to progress the Principal Object
of AIQ, ie, the development and commercialisation of the VRT.

(2) 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

211 GSS’ case was that the Understanding and Agreement relied on by the
Plaintiffs simply did not exist. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 23; 3rd Df Closing Submissions at para
62.

In respect of the alleged 2:1 Funding Agreement, GSS asserted that while AIQ
had indeed been funded initially according to a 2:1 ratio as between him and
Joe, he (GSS) had contributed to the funding on a goodwill basis – and not
pursuant to any binding agreement with Joe. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 110–111; 3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2)
at para 29.

Contrary to the Plaintiffs’ case, therefore, GSS was never under any
obligation or duty to continue providing two-thirds of the funding for the
company on an indefinite or even an extended basis. As for the other alleged
terms of the Understanding and Agreement (as pleaded at para 19 of the amended
statement of claim), GSS asserted that he could not have agreed to these other
terms because they all related to management matters which he was not involved
in. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 91–96; 3rd Df Defence (Amendment No.2) at
para 23.

212 More generally, GSS also pointed out that despite the purported importance
of the Understanding and Agreement in governing the relationship between Joe,
GSS and the two companies, it was never reduced to writing, even when the
opportunity arose for Joe to do so. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 81–83.

As for the various emails and other documents which the Plaintiffs sought to
rely on as evidence corroborating their case on the Understanding and
Agreement, GSS contended that these documents failed to establish the
existence of any such agreement. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 100–108.

(3) 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

213 The 4th to 7th Defendants’ case was that since the Understanding and
Agreement was said to have been entered into between Joe and GSS, they were
not party to the alleged agreement and took no position on whether such an
agreement existed. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 71.

Further, since they had no knowledge of such an agreement, they could not have
been expected to compel or require GSS to comply with its terms. In
particular, they were in no position to compel or require GSS to contribute to
two-thirds of the funding of AIQ’s costs and expenses if GSS declined to do
so. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 72.

(4) My Decision

214 Having considered the evidence adduced, as well as parties’ pleadings and
submissions, I found that no Understanding and Agreement was ever entered into
between Joe and GSS, whether on the terms pleaded by the Plaintiffs, or on the
terms described in their closing submissions. I found the Plaintiffs’ claims
about the existence of such an agreement to be unsupported by any credible
evidence, riddled with inconsistencies, and devoid of merit. My reasons were
as follows.

(I) The plaintiffs’ position in closing submissions as to the terms of the
Understanding and Agreement deviated from their pleaded case

215 As a preliminary point, the Plaintiffs’ position in closing submissions as
to the terms of the alleged Understanding and Agreement deviated from their
pleaded case. As I alluded to earlier (at [207]–[209]), whereas in their
pleaded case the Plaintiffs had asserted that there were eight express terms
in the Understanding and Agreement (as pleaded in para 19 of the amended
statement of claim, read together with the response at 2(b)(i) at p 3 of the
further and better particulars dated 14 August 2021), the case put forward in
their closing submissions posited only two express terms in the Understanding
and Agreement: namely, the term referred to as the 2:1 Funding Agreement and
the term regarding the incorporation of TCP. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 218.

The other six terms which had been pleaded as express terms in the amended
statement of claim were characterised instead as terms which “would have been
implied as part of the [Understanding and Agreement] as it would have been
required as a form of baseline understanding before the other terms of the
[Understanding and Agreement] could be given effect” 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 219.

.

216 I make two points about this shift in the Plaintiffs’ case. First, the
Plaintiffs made no attempt to apply for leave to amend their pleadings prior
to the filing of closing submissions. It is trite that parties are bound by
their pleadings, and the court is precluded from deciding on a matter that the
parties have not put into issue (V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of
Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another
[2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [38]). After all, the function of pleadings is to give
one’s opponents fair notice of the case which has to be met and to define the
issues which the court will have to decide on so as to resolve the matters in
dispute between the parties (Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and
another appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 at [61]). If the Plaintiffs had wanted at
the close of the trial to put forward a different case on the terms of the
Understanding and Agreement, they should have applied for leave to do so and
addressed the issue of prejudice to the Defendants. Having chosen not to make
any such application, I did not think they should be allowed to put forward in
closing submissions a different case from the case presented in their
pleadings.

217 Second, even if I were to overlook the Plaintiffs’ procedural lapse on the
basis that the Defendants suffered no real prejudice (since their defences
would have remained the same whether there were eight express terms or only
two in the alleged Understanding and Agreement), the manner in which the
Plaintiffs’ change in position was presented in their closing submissions gave
rise to even more questions. The Plaintiffs did not acknowledge in their
closing submissions this tangible – indeed, significant – change in their case
vis-à-vis the terms of the Understanding and Agreement. If anything, they
sought to couch the shift in position rather coyly in equivocal terms. Of the
six terms which had been pleaded as express terms at paras 19(2)-(5) and
19(7)-(8) of the amended statement of claim, it was said in the closing
submissions that they “may not have been expressly agreed”. This apparent
refusal to take a firm position on whether the six terms were in fact
expressly agreed was disconcerting, to say the least, since it suggested that
the Plaintiffs themselves were uncertain about the precise terms alleged to
have been expressly agreed between Joe and GSS.

(II) The plaintiffs’ apparent uncertainty as to the circumstances in which the
express terms of the Understanding and Agreement were agreed

218 This leads me to my next point, and the first of the several reasons why I
rejected the Plaintiffs’ claim that there was an Understanding and Agreement
concluded between Joe and GSS. As with their case on the express and implied
terms of the Understanding and Agreement, the Plaintiffs’ case as to the
circumstances in which the express terms of the said agreement were allegedly
agreed between Joe and GSS also went through a number of significant changes.
In their further and better particulars of 14 August 2021, the Plaintiffs
pleaded inter alia the following: 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at pp 3–4, S/N 2(a).

…[Joe] and [GSS] met in person on 3 February 2017 at the Biopolis where [GSS]
informed [Joe] that he was willing to invest more money in [AIQ]. [GSS] was
informed that the company required an additional S$3m in funding. Shortly
thereafter, sometime in or around 1 March 2017, it was agreed that both [Joe]
and [GSS] would together contribute a further S$3m in funding to [AIQ] on a
1/3 and 2/3 basis respectively. Both parties’ contributions were to be treated
as loans with an option to convert to equity. The 1/3 and 2/3 apportionment
was to enable [GSS] to increase his shareholding so that it would be closer to
[Joe’s]. In addition, the S$3m in funding was to be disbursed in tranches in
the course of 2017 as and when additional funding was required. This agreement
was reflected in an email dated 1 March 2017 from [Joe] to [GSS] in respect of
the aforementioned loans where [Joe] confirmed that he “will be bound by
exactly the same terms as [GSS]”… As such, it was a further term of the
Understanding and Agreement referred to at paragraph 19 of the [Statement of
Claim] that the loans to be provided by [Joe] and [GSS] would be loans
convertible to equity at their respective option and that the treatment of the
loans, its repayment and/or conversion would be equal for both. In addition,
[Joe] proposed and [GSS] agreed, that he would remain the Chairman of [AIQ]
and continue with his existing remuneration package and that payment of his
remuneration would continue to be deferred and be treated as shareholder loans
to [AIQ].

[emphasis added in bold italics]

219 Per the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, therefore, the express terms of the
Understanding and Agreement were agreed between Joe and GSS on or around 1
March 2017, before Joe sent his 1 March 2017 email to GSS. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

3ABOD at pp 99–100.

220 In his AEIC, however, Joe gave a different version of events. According to
the version recounted by Joe in his AEIC, 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

AEIC of Pf at paras 42–43.

he and GSS had a meeting on 3 February 2017, at which meeting the 2:1 Funding
Agreement was “discussed” and “verbally agreed” upon; and at which it was also
agreed that both parties’ contributions would be treated as loans with an
option to convert to equity. In his AEIC, Joe did not mention any other terms
of the Understanding and Agreement being discussed or agreed at the 3 February
2017 meeting. According to the version of events in his AEIC, the agreement
about funding which was reached at the 3 February 2017 meeting was “captured
in subsequent correspondence between GSS and [Joe]” – “[f]or instance”, the
email exchange of 1 March 2017 between GSS and Joe. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

AEIC of Pf at pp 271–272.

221 At trial, Joe’s evidence as to the circumstances in which the terms of the
Understanding and Agreement were agreed changed again. Under cross-
examination, Joe testified that at his 3 February 2017 meeting with GSS, there
was no discussion between them about funding AIQ on a “two-thirds/one third”
basis. Instead, according to Joe, “the terms going forward” – which apparently
included the 2:1 Funding Agreement – were agreed as between him and GSS “in
March” 2017 through “telephone discussions and text messages”. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript of 11 August 2022 at p 98 ln 10 to p 102 ln 6.

222 The Plaintiffs’ inability to maintain a consistent account of the
circumstances in which the terms of the Understanding and Agreement were
agreed presented grave difficulties for their case, particularly since – per
their own case – the Understanding and Agreement was never reduced into
writing. The omission to reduce the alleged agreement into writing was another
reason why I found the Plaintiffs’ claims about the existence of the
Understanding and Agreement to be lacking in credibility and devoid of merit.
I address this point next.

(III) The Understanding and Agreement was never reduced into writing

223 To begin with, I found it unbelievable that despite having purportedly
entered into an agreement which provided for critical matters such as their
respective obligations to fund AIQ as well as Joe’s right to remain a director
of both companies with a certain remuneration package and to participate in
the conduct of both companies’ business, neither Joe nor GSS apparently found
it necessary to reduce their agreement into writing at any point in time. I
found this unbelievable, firstly, because both were indisputably experienced
businessmen who would have known only too well the importance of reducing
contracts into writing. Having a written record of the terms they had agreed
upon would have been all the more important when they had no prior working
relationship and thus no reason to trust each other blindly. I should add that
although Joe claimed somewhat belatedly in cross-examination that the terms of
the Understanding and Agreement were discussed and agreed between him and GSS
through “telephone discussions and text messages” 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Transcript of 11 August 2022 at p 98 ln 10 to p 102 ln 6.

in March 2017, no evidence was produced by the Plaintiffs of any such
“telephone discussions and text messages”. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Transcript of 11 August 2022 at p 98 ln 10 to p 102 ln 6.

224 In this connection, I should point out that of all the alleged terms of
the Understanding and Agreement, the 2:1 Funding Agreement in particular would
have placed both AIQ and Joe in a highly advantageous position, while
subjecting GSS to onerous financial obligations. At the time the Understanding
and Agreement was purportedly entered into, GSS held only a 4.73% shareholding
in AIQ, compared to Joe’s 50.60% shareholding (before the share transfer in
October 2017). On the Plaintiff’s case, despite being a minority shareholder,
GSS agreed to bind himself to funding AIQ together with Joe on a 2:1 ratio –
an arrangement which Joe testified at trial was to carry on “indefinitely”.
201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Transcript of 11 August 2022 at p 134 ln 18 to p 136 ln 21.

This meant that for an indefinite period of time, GSS would bear twice the
burden of funding AIQ as compared to Joe, while Joe would stand to gain more
than ten times of any upside that GSS would gain in the event of AIQ’s
success. This simple calculation did not even account for the roughly 45% of
other shareholders in AIQ who were not providing any further funding to AIQ at
that point in time and who only stood to gain the upside from any success by
AIQ. Given these circumstances, I found it unbelievable – absurd, even – that
Joe should have omitted to ensure the 2:1 Funding Agreement was reduced into
writing.

225 Further, the Plaintiffs themselves accepted that tensions and
disagreements between Joe and GSS surfaced soon after the purported conclusion
of the Understanding and Agreement in March 2017. It was not disputed that
these tensions and disagreements arose in part from GSS’ dissatisfaction with
Joe’s alleged failure to follow through on his promises to transfer to GSS
shares in AIQ and in another company called AFAR, even as GSS was continuing
to co-fund AIQ. Thus, for example, in an email dated 27 September 2017 from
Marcus to Joe and the other directors (which was copied to GSS), Marcus
informed Joe that GSS had stopped his funding of AIQ for the month of
September 2017 until the “share transfer issues” were “sorted out” between GSS
and Joe. In the same email, Marcus expressed worry that AIQ was short of funds
to pay suppliers; and he urged Joe to “have a conversation directly with GSS”
on the issue of “further funding from GSS” and a “resolution for the share
transfers agreement”. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

4ABOD at pp 442–443.

226 It was against this backdrop that the Share Transfer Deed dated 2 October
2017 was entered into. As Marcus highlighted in his email of 27 September
2017, GSS’ shareholding-related dissatisfaction had led to the stoppage at one
point of his funding of AIQ; and per Joe’s own narrative in his AEIC, the
Share Transfer Deed was intended inter alia to “placate GSS in respect of the
equalisation of [their] shareholdings”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

AEIC of Pf at para 63.

Indeed, Joe’s evidence in cross-examination was that the Share Transfer Deed
was entered into “to resolve all outstanding issues between the two of [them,
ie, Joe and GSS] and the board, so that [they] could put the company on a
sound footing” and so that there would be “no more arguing going forward”. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Transcript of 11 August 2022 at p 119 ln 17 to p 120 ln 9.

Joe also gave evidence that in entering into the Share Transfer Deed, he took
the “opportunity” to “resolve several audit-related issues” concerning AIQ’s
past transactions on which he had been facing queries from the other directors
and the company’s auditors. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

AEIC of Pf at para 63.

227 Given the circumstances leading to the execution of the Share Transfer
Deed, it was baffling that Joe – of all people – apparently did not think to
include in the said deed any mention of the 2:1 Funding Agreement, his right
to remain as a director of the two companies, and the other alleged terms of
the Understanding and Agreement. What was even more baffling was Joe’s
repeated assertion in cross-examination that the Share Transfer Deed “stated
that [they, ie, GSS and Joe] would continue to fund [AIQ] on a two-thirds/one-
third basis” when it plainly said no such thing. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Transcript of 11 August 2022 at p 117 ln 21 to p 118 ln 6.

228 The fact that the Understanding and Agreement was never reduced into
writing, despite the numerous important matters it supposedly provided for,
ran contrary to the Plaintiffs’ contention that such an agreement was entered
into. The fact that Joe failed to ensure that the terms of this agreement were
properly documented when the opportunity arose for him to do so through the
Share Transfer Deed strongly suggested that there was no such agreement in the
first place.

(IV) The Plaintiffs failed to adduce any documentary or other objective
evidence of the existence of the Understanding and Agreement and/or its
alleged terms

229 The Plaintiffs appeared to me to be cognisant of the difficulties they
faced as a result of the absence of any written record of the Understanding
and Agreement because midway through the trial, Joe sought leave to be given
time to check through the agreed bundles of documents and to collate – with
the assistance of his counsel – documents which he claimed would “confirm
there was an understanding and agreement in place”. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Transcript of 12 August 2022 at p 95 ln 6 to ln 21.

The collation of “potentially useful documents” which the Plaintiffs
subsequently put forward 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at pp 138–149.

may be divided into two broad categories. The first category (which formed the
bulk of the collated documents) comprised emails and minutes of board meetings
about funding for AIQ. I understood the Plaintiffs to be relying on this
category of documents as evidence which supported their case about the
existence of the 2:1 Funding Agreement. The second category of documents
consisted of an email and a set of minutes of a board meeting. These concerned
the proposal for the setting-up of TCP. I understood the Plaintiffs to be
relying on this category of documents as evidence supporting their case about
another alleged express term of the Understanding and Agreement, viz, the term
concerning the incorporation of TCP and the reasons for its incorporation.

230 None of the documents in the Plaintiffs’ collated bundle had any relevance
to the six other terms of the Understanding and Agreement pleaded in paras
19(2)-(5) and 19(7)-(8) of the amended statement of claim.

231 I did not find the documents in either category at all helpful in
establishing the existence of the Understanding and Agreement. My reasons were
as follows.

(a) The first category of documents: Documentary evidence relating to the
funding of AIQ

232 I address first the documents in the first category, ie, the emails and
minutes of board meetings concerning the funding of AIQ by Joe and GSS. It
will be remembered that the Plaintiffs’ case was that an express term of the
Understanding and Agreement – the 2:1 Funding Agreement – obliged GSS and Joe
to fund AIQ in the ratio of 2:1 on an indefinite basis, “until such time as
[AIQ] was in a position to independently raise finance for its working
capital”. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19(1).

In contrast, GSS’ case was that there was no Understanding and Agreement – and
thus no 2:1 Funding Agreement. Insofar as GSS had funded AIQ together with Joe
in a 2:1 ratio for some time, this was done voluntarily out of goodwill on his
part and not pursuant to any binding agreement: as such, he was free to stop
funding AIQ in this ratio at any point in time.

233 Having reviewed the emails and minutes of board meetings in the first
category, I found that they did not assist the Plaintiffs in proving the
existence of the 2:1 Funding Agreement.

234 In respect of the 4 February 2017 (10.10am) email, the material parts of
the email were as follows: 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

2ABOD at p 757.

I would also like to thank you for arranging a presentation by the team

. [sic] However I must say I am truly surprised by your revised offer (barely
4 hours after our meeting ) in your email of 4:52 PM yesterday.

I recall that at our meeting your offer ( confirmed by Leslie) is:

a) What you call a 2m to 1m injection of fresh funds into the Company by the
two of us

b) For my 2m I will be given an additional 15% of the Company’s capital
increasing my interest in the Company to 25%.

We also discussed other issues like accelerated development of our product ,
[sic] more focus on marketing.

Joe I seek your confirmation on what you wish to offer me –the one at our
meeting or the revised one as in your email.

…

235 Clearly, at most, the above email showed that GSS understood Joe to have
suggested at their 3 February 2017 meeting that GSS and he (Joe) inject fresh
funds of “2m” and “1m” respectively into the company, in return for which GSS
would receive additional shares to bring his shareholding in AIQ up to 25%.
Nothing in the email showed that a binding agreement had been reached between
the two men, or even that a binding agreement was imminent. If anything, GSS’
stated intention in sending the email was to clarify with Joe an apparent
change in the latter’s offer following the meeting.

236 Likewise, the 1 March 2017 (2.50pm) emails did not assist the Plaintiffs’
case either. These emails contained the following exchange between GSS and
Joe: 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

3ABOD at pp 95–96.

[On 1 March 2.41pm from GSS]

Hi Joe,

Glad to have you back.

As spoken , to clear February salaries, (about S$150,000 )

I will put in a cheque of S$100,000 tomorrow payable to iQNECT to match your
payment of S$ 50,000.

Kindly acknowledge receipt of this S$100,000 as well as my previous remittance
of S$200,000 on 10/2/17.

Regards,

Soo Siah

[On 1 March 2.50pm from Joe]

Hi Soo Siah,

Good to be back!

I confirm that I will transfer $50k tomorrow and that your $100k together with
the $200k from you and $100k from me last month will be treated as a loan to
the company with an option to convert to equity at a valuation of US$20m. I
further confirm that I will be bound to exactly the same terms as you.

I have agreed with Marcus that he will come to the office on Friday to
formalise the terms of his employment.

Joe

237 At best, the above email exchange established the fact that in March 2017,
GSS had contributed funding of $100,000 to match Joe’s contribution of
$50,000. This fact in itself was not helpful to the Plaintiffs’ case, since
nothing in the above emails alluded to the payments being made in compliance
with the 2:1 Funding Agreement. Joe himself conceded in cross-examination that
no mention was made in these emails of the “one-third/two-third” funding
ratio. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Transcript of 11 August 2022 at p 106 ln 10 to ln 13.

Further, while the Plaintiffs argued that the ratio of the two men’s financial
contributions ($100,000 versus $50,000) demonstrated the existence of the 2:1
Funding Agreement, I found no merit in this argument: after all, the fact that
GSS had put in funding of $100,000 to match Joe’s $50,000 was equally
consistent with GSS’ account of events, in which he had provided two-thirds of
AIQ’s funding out of goodwill.

238 As for the 10 October 2017 (3.39pm) email 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

5ABOD at p 83.

from GSS, this too did not assist the Plaintiffs in proving the existence of
the 2:1 Funding Agreement, let alone the Understanding and Agreement, when
read in the context of the relevant email chain. I summarise in chronological
order below the relevant emails:

(a) On 9 October 2017 (at 3.15pm), GSS wrote to Joe, thanking him for the
transfer of 235,000 AIQ shares to GSS, but also criticising him for not having
met his “commitment to equalize [their] shareholdings” by transferring 450,000
shares. GSS also raised potential issues with maintaining AIQ’s localised
status vis-à-vis restrictions on share transfers to foreign shareholders; 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

5ABOD at pp 97–98.

(b) On 9 October 2017 (at 5.48pm), Kian Wai replied to state that with the
completion of the “localization exercise of AIQ” as at that date, AIQ was now
31.27% locally owned, and that in order to maintain the “minimum threshold of
30%” local ownership, there was a need to restrict the transfer of shares from
local shareholders to foreign shareholders; 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

5ABOD at pp 96–97.

(c) On 10 October 2017 (3.39pm), GSS wrote again to Joe to bring up the issue
of funding AIQ. GSS alluded to the two convertible loans he had given AIQ up
to that date; the first being a convertible loan of US$1m, for which he had
extended the deadline on Joe’s request); the second being the convertible loan
of US$2m, of which $1,846,000 had already been utilised. Noting that the
drawdown on his second convertible loan had “been on a ratio of GSS/Joe 2:1”,
GSS stated that upon reflection, he “now realized” he had been “over
generous”; and that a “much fairer formula [was] to align lending to
shareholding interests”. Noting further that he himself held at that stage
315,908 shares versus Joe’s 765,000 shares, GSS stated that the “lending ratio
should now be adjusted to GSS/Joe 1:2.42”. GSS also made it clear that this
ratio of 1:2.42 was to apply to the next injection of funds which Marcus and
Kian Wai were then seeking on behalf of AIQ, such that he would provide
$175,438.59, while Joe would provide $424,561.41; 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

5ABOD at pp 94–95.

(d) On 12 October 2017 (3.27pm), Kian Wai reminded Joe and GSS that AIQ needed
the funds submitted before 15 October 2017; 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

5ABOD at pp 93–94.

(e) On 12 October 2017 (8.24pm), GSS replied to Kian Wai stating that he was
ready to submit $175,438.59 as his portion of the $600,000 needed by AIQ. GSS
added that as there had been no protest from Joe, he assumed that Joe agreed
“the revised funding method [was] more equitable”; 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

5ABOD at pp 93–94.

(f) On 12 October 2017 (8.29pm), Joe emailed GSS apologising for the delay in
his response caused by technical issues and stating that he would reply to
both of GSS’ emails “tomorrow” (presumably 13 October 2017); 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

5ABOD at p 92.

(g) On 14 October (12.02pm), Joe wrote to GSS (copying the 4th to 7th
Defendants). In this email, Joe stated that it was “never [his] intention to
give away 50% of [his] shareholding” in AIQ. Joe claimed that this matter had
been discussed at the last board meeting and that Leslie had accepted that it
was his (Leslie’s) misunderstanding. Joe also alluded to being “down” more
than $14m (presumably a reference to losses sustained in his investments) and
stated that if he was going to “stand any chance of getting this back”,
“handing over 50% of [his] shareholding for $1 [was] never going to work”. Joe
then told GSS: 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

5ABOD at p 96.

In short, I agreed to transfer approx 25% of my shareholding to assist the
company/shareholders and indeed in recognition of your continued funding
commitment. As I see it, you agreed to fund an additional $2m earlier this
year and I have given you $2m worth of shares back( applying the same
discounted valuation I acquired Freer's shares).

Going forward, given that you are contributing to the on going funding on a
2:1 basis, your holding will increase so as to ensure we satay [sic] above the
30% local requirement. In addition, I will if necessary sell some of my
holding at fair market value to local investors.

Finally, I have been in discussions with Joaquin Rodriguez who holds 12% of
the company and would like to sell. He wants $750k( giving an implied
valuation of $5.6m) however, I think I can bash him up a little more and get
him lower (possibly $400k). I am happy to do this together if of interest.

239 I make three points about the above email exchange. First, GSS was clearly
of the view that he had the right to change the funding ratio as and when he
saw fit. When dissatisfied with Joe’s perceived failure to equalise their
respective shareholdings, GSS showed no compunctions about taking steps to
change the funding ratio after concluding that a “much fairer formula” was to
“align lending to shareholding interests”.

240 Second, when GSS announced that the funding ratio should be “adjusted to
GSS/Joe 1:2.42”, Joe did not protest that GSS had no right to “adjust” the
ratio unilaterally. Neither did he point out to GSS that he was breaching the
2:1 Funding Agreement by doing so. Indeed, no mention was made by Joe of GSS’
obligations under the Understanding and Agreement which the two of them had
supposedly entered into a mere six months ago. Instead, Joe sought to placate
GSS by assuring him that since they needed to ensure AIQ’s local shareholding
stayed above 30%, GSS’ shareholding would increase as he continued to fund AIQ
on a 2:1 ratio. Joe also offered to get another shareholder to sell his shares
to GSS.

241 Third, while Joe referred at one point to GSS’ “continued funding
commitment”, no mention was made of the express terms of the Understanding and
Agreement which – according to the Plaintiffs – formed the basis for this
“funding commitment”. It should also be noted that whereas the Understanding
and Agreement as pleaded by the Plaintiffs did not provide for GSS to receive
a certain percentage of Joe’s AIQ shares in consideration of his agreeing to
fund two-thirds of AIQ’s expenses, in his 14 October 2017 email Joe described
himself as having “agreed to transfer approx. 25% of [his] shareholding” to
GSS “in recognition of [GSS’] continued funding commitment”.

242 In light of these three points, not only did the contents of the emails
from 9 October 2017 to 14 October 2017 fail to support the Plaintiffs’ case as
to the Understanding and Agreement, some of the statements made by Joe himself
in these emails were plainly inconsistent with the terms of the Understanding
and Agreement (as pleaded by the Plaintiffs).

243 I address next the minutes of the board meetings on 21 September 2017, 27
October 2017 and 15 November 2017. The relevant portions of the 21 September
2017 minutes were as follows: 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

5ABOD at pp 17, 20.

Funding Issues

• It was also brought to the Board attention that the company is still funded
by loans from GSS and JM on 2/3 and 1/3 share respectively on a month to month
basis.

• The board discussed that once the local shareholding issue is sorted out, a
longer term funding plan will be put forward to the shareholders via new share
issue or rights issue.

…

• KW noted that without the funding support from GSS & Joe, the company will
run out of fund.

244 I did not find the above minutes to be of any assistance to the Plaintiffs
in proving the existence of the Understanding and Agreement. No mention was
made of 2:1 Funding Agreement in the minutes. The observation that up until 21
September 2017, AIQ had been “funded by loans from GSS and JM on 2/3 and 1/3
shares respectively on a month-to-month basis”, did not in any way support the
Plaintiffs’ claim that this funding ratio was put in place pursuant to a
binding agreement between Joe and GSS. If anything, this observation was also
consistent with GSS’ account of a voluntary arrangement based on goodwill on
his part.

245 As for the minutes of the 27 October 2017 board meeting, the relevant
portions were as follows: 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

5ABOD at pp 145, 151.

Funding Issues

• MT highlighted to the board that funding remains a concern for the company
and is one of the key challenges that will allow the executive team to
implement the business plan presented.

• JM has reaffirmed his commitment to fund the company via convertible loans
and will sort out the joint funding agreement with GSS by the following week.

• KW further reminded that there was a funding shortfall of $275k as per the
Oct to Dec cash requirement forecast submitted which needs to be remitted by
31 October.

• JM agreed that this is top priority and will resolve it with GSS and update
the board.

246 A plain reading of these minutes did not reveal any material information
that would support the Plaintiffs’ case as to the existence of the
Understanding and Agreement. If anything, Joe’s statements that he would “sort
out the joint funding agreement with GSS by the following week” and that he
would “resolve” the “funding shortfall” with GSS suggested that as at 27
October 2017, GSS was not legally bound or obliged to continue funding AIQ
with Joe on a 2:1 basis.

247 Turning to the minutes of the 15 November 2017 board meeting, the relevant
portions were as follows: 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

5ABOD at pp 329, 331.

JM funding ratio with GSS

o JM highlighted that despite all the ups and downs the company had gone
through since its inception, he has put in all his resources in terms of time
and monies to ensure the company is still operating.

o He has also looked after all the shareholders interest (past and present) by
not resorting to any means to dilute their shareholdings by continuing to fund
the company via convertible loans rather than new share placements.

o Privately he had to pay large sums of monies to remove previous management
rogue staff who were compromising the companies interests.

o The current board appreciates JM’s commitment and look forward to his
continued support.

o The funding ratio since Jan 2017 via loan between GSS and JM was 2:1
respectively.

o However, GSS proposed a change to JM – 2.42 vs GSS – 1 to align to the
relative shareholding each owns of the company for October onwards. JM does
not agree to this funding ratio and thus we need to establish a compromise on
the funding ratio.

o LG recommended that KW will propose a new funding ratio to the two key
shareholders not later by 20th November.

o It is critical for both parties to agree so that funding is not impeding the
company’s implementation of its business plan.

248 As with the board minutes of September 2017 and October 2017, the minutes
of the 15 November 2017 board meeting also did not assist the Plaintiffs’
case. The observation that GSS and Joe had been funding AIQ on a 2:1 basis
since January 2017 did not in itself amount to proof that this funding ratio
had been put in place as part of a binding agreement between the two men: to
reiterate, this observation could also be said to be consistent with GSS’
account of a voluntary arrangement based on goodwill on his part. Moreover,
the minutes showed the AIQ directors – including Joe – discussing GSS’
proposal that he and Joe should fund the company on a 1:2.42 basis, in line
with their respective shareholding; and although Joe expressed disagreement
with this proposal, he said nothing about GSS being bound by the Understanding
and Agreement to continue funding the company on a 2:1 basis.

249 As for Kian Wai’s email to Joe on 1 December 2017 (10.59am), 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

5ABOD at pp 390–391.

this too was of no help to the Plaintiffs case. Other than stating the details
of the convertible loan disbursed to AIQ by Joe and GSS (ie, that Joe had
committed US$1m and GSS, US$2m), this email added nothing useful.

250 The final set of documents in the first category comprised the various
emails sent periodically by Marcus and Kian Wai to ask for funding from Joe
and GSS. The emails singled out by the Plaintiffs were:

(a) An email dated 17 July 2017 (10.27am) in which Marcus – in informing Joe
and GSS of AIQ’s need for funding of $300,000 in July 2017 – stated that
$200,000 of this amount was to come from GSS, and $100,000 from Joe; 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

4ABOD at p 340.

(b) An email dated 22 September 2017 (11.04am) in which Marcus – in informing
Joe and GSS of AIQ’s need for funding of $240,000 in September 2017 – stated
that $160,000 of this amount was to be contributed by GSS, and $80,000 by Joe.
226

##### Foot Note 226

×

4ABOD at p 441.

251 I did not find these emails to be of any help to the Plaintiffs’ case.
While they showed Marcus asking GSS and Joe for funding on a 2:1 ratio, such
requests per se did not establish that this funding ratio was implemented
pursuant to a binding agreement between Joe and GSS. Again, this was evidence
which could also be said to be consistent with GSS’ account of a voluntary
arrangement based on goodwill.

(b) Kian Wai’s and Marcus’ evidence about the funding arrangements

252 In this connection, I noted that in addition to relying on the above
emails, the Plaintiffs submitted that their case as to the 2:1 Funding
Agreement was buttressed by Kian Wai’s and Marcus’ testimony about the manner
in which GSS and Joe had been funding AIQ. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 43.

In respect of Kian Wai, the Plaintiffs pointed to his evidence that when he
joined AIQ, he had been informed by Marcus that the funding for the company
was “split” between Joe and GSS on a 2:1 basis; and that having been so
informed, he had proceeded to seek funding from Joe and GSS based on this
ratio. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 10 ln 11 to ln 22.

In respect of Marcus, the Plaintiffs pointed to his evidence that he knew GSS
and Joe had been funding the company on a 2:1 basis since January 2017. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 38 ln 10 to ln 14.

253 Having examined Kian Wai’s and Marcus’ testimony, however, I found their
evidence about the funding ratio to be neutral at best in terms of its impact
on the Plaintiffs’ case. In respect of Kian Wai, when asked whether Marcus’
instructions to him about the 2:1 funding split between GSS and Joe showed
“clearly” the existence of “some agreement” between those two individuals on
the funding ratio, Kian Wai stated that he had “no visibility whether there is
such an arrangement”. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 10 ln 23 to p 11 ln 2.

Even when pressed to confirm that there “must” have been such an agreement,
Kian Wai demurred: 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 11 ln 3 to ln 5.

I cannot say for sure because I have not seen it and I am not aware through my
course of interaction.

254 As for Marcus’ testimony, although he was asked whether he knew GSS and
Joe had been funding AIQ according to a 2:1 ratio since January 2017, the
Plaintiffs did not ask him specifically about the existence of the 2:1 Funding
Agreement. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 37 ln 11 to p 38 ln 14.

Marcus’ evidence that he was aware of the funding split between GSS and Joe
did not assist the Plaintiffs, since GSS did not dispute having funded two-
thirds of AIQ’s expenses: what was disputed was whether he had been bound to
do so by the terms of the alleged Understanding and Agreement, or whether he
had done so purely out of goodwill. Ultimately, Marcus’ testimony did not
assist the Plaintiffs in proving the former.

(c) The second category of documents: Documentary evidence relating to the
incorporation of TCP

255 I next address the second category of documents collated by the Plaintiffs
mid-trial. As I noted earlier, these comprised one email and one set of board
minutes. According to the Plaintiffs, these two documents pointed to there
having been express discussion and agreement between GSS and Joe that TCP
should be incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary of AIQ and a source of
“instant revenue”.

256 I found no merit in the Plaintiffs’ arguments. There was no mention at all
in these two documents of GSS and Joe having discussed and agreed on the terms
of TCP’s incorporation. On the contrary, an examination of the relevant
documentary evidence indicated that the idea of setting up TCP was conceived
by Leslie and Marcus, and that it was something they discussed in depth with
Joe without GSS involved.

257 In particular, the email sent by Leslie on 22 March 2017 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

3ABOD at pp 227–229.

showed that it was Leslie who first came up with the suggestion to set up a
co-working space as a “very nice way” of bringing AIQ some “instant” revenue
and allowing AIQ to “talent spot a nice pool of engineers/programmers”. A day
later (on 23 March 2017), Leslie sent GSS a summary of a discussion which he
had engaged in with Joe on 21 March 2017. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

3ABOD at pp 235–237.

In this summary, Leslie informed GSS that he had “discussed Co-working space
(The Carrot Patch)” with Joe, who had “liked the idea very much and agreed
that it would likely bring in much needed shorter term revenue”. According to
Leslie, Joe had even discussed various operational details with Leslie, such
as the need to hire a “new OM” (presumably, operations manager) in the event
they were to “go into the co-working project”.

258 In short, therefore, the contemporaneous email evidence pointed to Leslie
and Joe having had extensive discussions about the setting-up of TCP, without
GSS having been party to such discussions.

259 As for the minutes of the 28 April 2017 board meeting, the relevant
portions of the minutes were as follows: 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

3ABOD at p 288.

Potential tenant for Carrot Patch

• JS has recommended a company called Knorex to be a potential anchor tenant
for Carrot Patch coworking space business as they may take up as much as 5,000
sqft. They are in the adtech business.

• JS also declared that he has vested interest in this company and is
currently acting as adviser to the company.

• MT will contact Knorex to discuss on the possibility of having them as
anchor tenant and the commercial arrangement.

Carrot Patch – separate legal entity

• It was also agreed by the board that a separate company would be
incorporated to manage the co working business. This new company will be 100%
owned by AIQ Pte Ltd. [emphasis added]

260 From the above extract, it will be seen that at this meeting, it was
“agreed by the [AIQ] board that a separate company [TCP] would be incorporated
to manage the co working business”. GSS was not a member of AIQ’s board at the
material time – or indeed, at any time. Neither was he present at the board
meeting. These board minutes were therefore of no assistance at all to the
Plaintiffs in proving that GSS and Joe had discussed and agreed on the
incorporation of TCP.

261 The Plaintiffs argued that GSS must not have raised any objection to the
matters recorded in these board minutes because given his status as one of
AIQ’s two main funders, the AIQ board “would not have progressed further with
the TCP idea without his approval”. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 218.

This argument appeared to me to be neither here nor there. Even if GSS had
approved the AIQ board’s plans for the setting-up of TCP, this was still
fundamentally a very different thing from GSS and Joe expressly reaching an
agreement to incorporate TCP for specific purposes. As I have noted, of the
latter, there was no evidence adduced by the Plaintiffs.

262 I should add that insofar as the above emails in March 2017 touched on
Leslie’s proposal for the setting-up of TCP, this evidence actually militated
against the Plaintiffs’ assertion that the express term concerning the
incorporation of TCP was agreed between Joe and GSS by the time of their 1
March 2017 email exchange. As pointed out earlier, Leslie’s proposal was sent
to Joe and GSS via email on 22 March 2017; and it was clear from Leslie’s
email summary to GSS on 23 March 2017 that he (Leslie) had discussed the idea
for the setting-up of a co-working space with Joe for the first time on 21
March 2017. It was simply not possible, therefore, that Joe and GSS could have
agreed on the express term concerning the incorporation of TCP by the time of
their email exchange on 1 March 217.

263 In sum, therefore, none of the documents collated by the Plaintiffs mid-
trial proved to be of any assistance in establishing the existence of the
Understanding and Agreement – or indeed, of any of its terms.

(V) the undisputed evidence supported GSS’ version of events rather than the
Plaintiffs’ version

264 Finally, I found that quite apart from there being no documentary or other
objective evidence of the existence of the Understanding and Agreement, the
undisputed evidence actually supported GSS’ version of events rather than the
Plaintiffs’. In this connection, there were two things which stood out.

(a) There was no cogent reason for GSS to agree to such one-sided terms

265 The first was something I alluded to earlier (at [224]): the highly
advantageous position which the alleged 2:1 Funding Agreement would have
placed AIQ and Joe in, versus the onerous financial obligations which GSS
would have been subjected to. In gist, per the Plaintiffs’ case, GSS was
obliged to shoulder two-thirds of the burden of funding AIQ for an indefinite
period, despite holding a minority stake of less than 5% at the time, as
compared to Joe’s 50.60% stake (before the share transfer in October 2017).
Further, although Joe claimed in an email dated 14 October 2017 that he had
“agreed’ to transfer 25% of his AIQ shareholding to GSS “in recognition of
[his] continued funding commitment”, per the Plaintiffs’ case, the (allegedly)
projected transfer of shares to GSS was never made a term of the Understanding
and Agreement. In other words, therefore, the 2:1 Funding Agreement worked to
GSS’ detriment while substantially benefiting AIQ and Joe himself.

266 Given GSS’ experience as a businessman (which the Plaintiffs themselves
were at pains to highlight), I found it frankly unbelievable that he would
have agreed to such a one-sided and unfavourable contractual term.

(b) Joe failed to bring up the Understanding and Agreement on the numerous
occasions when its terms were allegedly breached by GSS

267 Secondly, it was telling that despite claiming that GSS would have been
bound by the terms of the Understanding and Agreement from March 2017 onwards,
Joe failed to bring up the agreement on the numerous occasions when its terms
were allegedly breached by GSS.

268 Thus, for example, as seen earlier (at [238]–[240]), when GSS unilaterally
declared in his email of 10 October 2017 that the “lending ratio should now be
adjusted to GSS/Joe 1:2.42”, one would have expected Joe to remind GSS that
the 2:1 Funding Agreement was an express term of their Understanding and
Agreement which GSS was bound to comply with until such time as AIQ could
achieve financial independence.

269 Indeed, when Joe’s lawyers brought up the 2:1 funding ratio in their
letter to GSS’ lawyers on 23 November 2017, 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

10ABOD at pp 245–247.

the narrative which they presented was entirely inconsistent with the
Plaintiffs’ eventual case at trial. According to the Plaintiffs, the 2:1
Funding Agreement was one of the express terms agreed between Joe and GSS by
March 2017 – although, as I noted earlier (as at [218]–[222] above), Joe
wavered between claiming in his AEIC that the funding ratio was agreed at
their 3 February 2017 meeting and was “captured in subsequent correspondence”
such as the 1 March 2017 emails, and claiming in his testimony that the
agreement was reached in March 2017 through telephone conversations and text
messages. In their letter of 23 November 2017, however, Joe’s lawyers stated
that Joe’s “point” was that the 2:1 funding ratio was agreed when “[Joe]
delivered some 13% of his shareholding to [GSS] without requiring
consideration”. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

10ABOD at p 246 at para 10.

Indisputably, this transfer of shares by Joe to GSS took place on 3 October
2017, a day after the signing of the Share Transfer Deed. Clearly, therefore,
the assertion by Joe’s lawyers that the 2:1 funding ratio was agreed only upon
this transfer of shares on 3 October 2017 – and their omission to mention any
earlier funding agreement – gave the lie to the Plaintiffs’ case at trial
about the Understanding and Agreement having been concluded by March 2017.

270 Elsewhere, Joe’s lawyers also failed on numerous occasions to bring up the
Understanding and Agreement between Joe and GSS when one would have expected
them to. Thus, for example, in their letter to GSS’ lawyers on 27 February
2018, Joe’s lawyers brought up Joe’s complaint (inter alia) that the other
directors of the AIQ board had diverted the monies advanced by him to payment
of “top heavy staff salaries” and “salary increments”. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

10ABOD at p 508 at paras 7, 9.

Joe’s lawyers asserted that Joe had advanced the monies to AIQ “with the
intention that the monies would be applied to harness and improve the Al
technology that was ready for commercialisation”, that the other directors had
applied the monies to other uses “[i]n disregard of [Joe’s] intention”, and
that a “substantial portion” of Joe’s funds were being “indirectly and
directly paid to [GSS’] family and friends”. It will be recalled that per the
Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19(5); Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at p 5 S/N
2(b)(i).

one of the eight express terms of the Understanding and Agreement was that
“[GSS’] nominee-directors would continue to and utilise the funding provided
to progress the Principal Object of [AIQ], particularly the development and
commercialization of [AIQ’s] VRT”. Yet, unaccountably, no mention was made by
Joe’s lawyers of this express term – or of the Understanding and Agreement in
general.

271 As another example, in their letter to GSS’ lawyers on 30 August 2018, 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

10ABOD at p 547.

Joe’s lawyers asserted that Joe did not accept that he had been “properly and
legally removed” as a director of AIQ at the 28 May 2018 EGM and that the
removal was not in accordance with “the Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company”. Again, there was no mention of the Understanding and
Agreement between Joe and GSS – or of the express term in this agreement which
stipulated that Joe was to “remain a director and the Chairman of [AIQ] for
which he would continue to receive his agreed remuneration” (per the
Plaintiffs’ pleaded case). 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19(3); Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at p 5 S/N
2(b)(i).

272 Given the gravity of the accusations which were being levelled against GSS
in the letters of 27 February 2018 and 30 August 2018, it made no sense that
Joe would not have instructed his lawyers to bring up the Understanding and
Agreement and the obligations which its express terms imposed upon GSS. In my
view, the ineluctable inference to be drawn from Joe’s silence on the
Understanding and Agreement, in the face of supposedly flagrant breaches of
its terms by GSS, was that no such agreement existed at all.

(VI) the alleged implied terms of the Understanding and Agreement

273 In addition to the eight express terms of the Understanding and Agreement
pleaded in their amended statement of claim (read with their further and
better particulars of 14 August 2021), 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19; Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at p 5 S/N 2(b)(i).

the Plaintiffs also pleaded a number of implied terms. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at pp 5–6 S/N 2(b)(ii).

Given my finding that the Understanding and Agreement never existed, I did not
find it necessary to address each of the implied terms pleaded.

274 I noted earlier that in their closing submissions, the Plaintiffs sought
to recast six of the eight express terms as “implied terms”. I have made it
clear that I did not think this belated attempt to depart from their pleaded
case should be allowed. Even if it were to be allowed, it would not assist the
Plaintiffs – given my finding that the Understanding and Agreement never
existed.

Whether GSS was a shadow director of AIQ and TCP / whether GSS usurped control
of the boards of AIQ and TCP

275 I should, however, address at this juncture the second key premise of the
Plaintiffs’ oppression case – namely, GSS’ alleged role as a shadow director
of AIQ and TCP. An examination of the implied terms pleaded in the Plaintiffs’
further and better particulars of 14 August 2021 will show that they were
framed so as to require GSS to procure the 4th to 7th Defendants to do certain
acts (or to refrain from doing them) and/or to refrain from doing certain acts
“through the 4th to 7th Defendants”. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Pf FNBP (14 August 2021) at pp 5–6 S/N 2(b)(ii).

As I noted earlier (at [39]–[40]), the underlying proposition – that GSS was a
shadow director of AIQ and TCP from whom the 4th to 7th Defendants were
accustomed to taking instructions in respect of their decisions and actions as
directors 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 20, 20B, 25, 51A and 86A(1).

– formed a central theme in both the Plaintiffs’ oppression claim and their
conspiracy claim. It is apposite, therefore, for me to address at this
juncture my findings on the Plaintiffs’ allegations.

(1) Plaintiffs’ position

276 In closing submissions, the Plaintiffs contended that as the relationship
between Joe and GSS soured, the 4th to 7th Defendants all took their cue from
GSS. According to the Plaintiffs, the 4th to 7th Defendants had to listen to
GSS’ instructions since he controlled the financial tap; otherwise AIQ and
presumably TCP would have to cease operations. This allowed GSS to “pull the
strings” for his own benefit. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 209.

In particular, the Plaintiffs alleged that the 4th to 7th Defendants had sided
with GSS on the issue of the funding ratio and thus allowed GSS to ratchet up
the financial pressure on Joe. The 4th to 7th Defendants were also alleged to
have involved GSS in many of the critical corporate decisions and actions
which they took on behalf of AIQ – and from which Joe was excluded despite his
also being a director. The Plaintiffs claimed that based on various emails and
text messages, it was clear that GSS had been involved in major company
decisions, including the manner by which the company was to progress should
funding from Joe no longer be forthcoming. In other words, the 4th to 7th
Defendants had treated GSS as a key-decision maker and had simply proceeded in
accordance with his instructions. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 209(f); 3ABOD at pp 202, 285, 610, 617; 4ABOD
at pp 338, 376, 667; 5ABOD at pp 17, 101, 107, 145, 246, 328, 371, 800; 6ABOD
at pp 118, 124, 176.

(2) 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

277 GSS disputed the Plaintiffs’ claim that he had gained control of AIQ’s
board after manoeuvring himself into the position of sole funder (effectively)
of AIQ. Moreover, according to GSS, the objective evidence actually showed
that the 4th to 7th Defendants had not sided with him on the issue of the
funding ratio and that they had instead tried to get him and Joe to compromise
by agreeing to fund in equal proportions – even though Joe was a majority
shareholder at that point. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 52–58.

278 More fundamentally, GSS submitted that on the evidence, there was no
discernible pattern of compliance by the 4th to 7th Defendants with
instructions or directions from GSS (Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock
Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third parties) [2010] SGHC
163 (“Raffles Town Club”)). 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 59–61.

(3) 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

279 The 4th to 7th Defendants, for their part, maintained that in carrying out
their duties as directors of AIQ and TCP, they had never preferred GSS’
interests over the Plaintiffs, 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

AEIC of 4th Df at para 24; AEIC of 7th Df at para 24.

and had instead acted in the best interests of the two companies. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

AEIC of 4th Df at para 24; AEIC of 5th Df at para 91; AEIC of 6th Df at para
85; AEIC of 7th Df at para 24.

(4) My Decision

(I) The legal principles relating to shadow directors

280 Directors of companies may be formally appointed (de jure), not formally
appointed but acting as if they had been (de facto), and the puppeteer pulling
the strings from above (shadow) (per Judith Prakash JA (as she then was) in
Sakae Holdings Ltd v Gryphon Real Estate Investment Corp Pte Ltd and others
(Foo Peow Yong Douglas, third party) and another suit [2017] SGHC 73
(“Gryphon”) at [33]). Whether he is a de jure, de facto or shadow director,
such a person owes the same duties to the company under the Companies Act and
at general law. A shadow director is someone in accordance with whose
directions or instructions the directors of a corporation are accustomed to
act, even though such a person claims not to be a director (per Prakash JA (as
she then was) in Gryphon at [33], citing Walter Woon on Company Law (Sweet &
Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009) at paras 7.3 and 7.20). The enquiry as to whether a
person is a de facto or a shadow director is a question of fact and degree
(Gryphon at [33] citing Smithton Ltd (formerly Hobart Capital Markets Ltd) v
Naggar [2014] EWCA Civ 939 at [45]).

281 In Raffles Town Club, Chan Seng Onn J (as he then was) cautioned (at [46])
that in pursuing this enquiry, the courts should not introduce concepts such
as “manipulation” and “puppeteering” into the definition of a “shadow
director”. As Chan J explained:

46 … I find that the introduction of an element of “manipulation” or
“puppeteering” into the definition generates more confusion. The rationale for
the concept of a “shadow director” was, in all likelihood, to circumvent the
difficulty of imputing directorship to an individual who had not put himself
out as a director of the company and had not acted as if he was on equal
standing with the de jure directors, yet exerted real influence on the
corporate decisions of the company. To call such an individual a “director”
would create a schism in one’s ordinary understanding of a “director” since,
in most cases, such an individual would have taken the greatest caution not to
come across as being on par with the de jure directors and would not be
perceived as a director at all – whether de jure or de facto. Yet, as someone
who was directing the directors in important corporate decisions, the
definition of a director had to be extended so that the law could hold him
responsible for his actions. This is where the concept of a “shadow director”
is helpful.

47 Consequently, if a board of directors exercising independent judgment finds
itself consistently complying with the alleged shadow director’s instructions
or directions, such an individual is as much a shadow director as one whose
instructions or directions are consistently complied with by a board which
does not exercise independent judgment but simply abides by or follows those
instructions or directions. This might be counter-intuitive since the term
“shadow director” has over time, acquired a pejorative meaning – with phrases
such as “lurking in the shadows”, “puppet master”, “cat’s paw” tacked to it.
However, it must be borne in mind that incorporating such additional
requirements into the definition would defeat the rationale of the “shadow
director definition” (which is an extended definition of “director”) as “it
would be all too easy for the [board of] directors to recite that, having
considered the ‘advice’ of the alleged shadow director, they had on their
judgment decided to follow that advice” (N R Campbell, “Liability as a Shadow
Director” [1994] JBL 609 at 613). Indeed, the raison d’être of this concept is
to ensure that those who are responsible for the important corporate decisions
of a company are held to task regardless of what they are called and their
motives or manner in making such corporate decisions.

48 The test is, thus, simple: is there sufficient evidence showing that the
directors of a corporation are accustomed to act on the directions or
instructions of that person? If yes, then the status of a shadow director may
be imputed to him. Whether the board has exercised its decision independently
or otherwise is irrelevant and has to be so: otherwise, the rationale
underpinning the “shadow director” concept would be subverted.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

282 In Parakou Investment Holdings Pte Ltd and another v Parakou Shipping Pte
Ltd (in liquidation) and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 271 (“Parakou”), the CA –
citing Chan J’s judgment in Raffles Town Club – held that in order for the
court to find that a person was a shadow director, what was needed was a
“discernible pattern of compliance”; and “occasional departures from the
pattern would not detract from this finding” (Parakou at [49] citing Raffles
Town Club at [45]). In Parakou (at [49]), the CA upheld the trial judge’s
finding that one C C Liu was a shadow director of the company Parakou. It was
held that Liu’s role as patriarch of the family business did not preclude a
finding that he was a shadow director. The CA noted, moreover (at [49]), that
there was evidence of Liu having instructed the other directors on certain
matters such as appointing a lawyer to represent Parakou and of Parakou’s
senior manager having asked the “bosses” (including Liu) to instruct him on
how to proceed. Liu himself had also confirmed that he had a “certain
influence” over Parakou. These instances, in the CA’s view, showed that Liu
had played more than an advisory role in Parakou.

(II) The evidence did not support a finding that GSS was a shadow director of
AIQ and TCP

283 In applying the above principles to the present facts, I should first
highlight that GSS was correct in pointing out that the Plaintiffs’ closing
submissions presented a different case on GSS’ purported status as a shadow
director from the case pleaded in their amended statement of claim. In their
amended statement of claim, the Plaintiffs had pleaded that GSS “gradually
usurped control” of the AIQ board “through subtle and covert manipulation,
influence and control”, by dint of getting his “family members and other
directors loyal to [him]” appointed to the board. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 20.

Per the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, it was “[f]ollowing the appointment of the
4th to 7th Defendants to the board of directors” of AIQ and TCP that GSS “was
able to and did exert control over” AIQ and TCP “directly and/or via his
nominees (ie, the 4th to 7th Defendants)”. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 20B.

In their closing submissions, however, the Plaintiffs disavowed the narrative
set out in their pleadings. Instead, they claimed that it was “not the
Plaintiffs’ case that the 4th to 7th Defendants were put on the board to serve
GSS”, but rather, that as GSS effectively became “the only funder of AIQ”
after proposing a new funding ratio to Joe’s detriment, the 4th to 7th
Defendants “had to bow to [GSS] and dance to his tune as AIQ, and presumably
TCP, would otherwise have to cease operations”. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 209.

284 Plainly, the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions on the issue of GSS’ status
as a shadow director represented a material departure from their pleaded case
on the same issue. Again, no application was made by the Plaintiffs for leave
to amend the relevant portions of their pleadings; and again, GSS and the 4th
to 7th Defendants had no opportunity to cross-examine Joe on the version of
events advanced in the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions. Having regard to my
earlier comments on the importance of holding parties to their pleadings, I
did not think the Plaintiffs should be permitted to mount an entirely
different case in their closing submissions.

285 Further and in any event, however, the evidence before me supported
neither of the Plaintiffs’ versions of events vis-à-vis GSS’ status as a
shadow director. Fundamentally, the Plaintiffs were unable to muster
sufficient evidence to show a “discernible pattern of compliance” by the 4th
to 7th Defendants with instructions or directions from GSS. Having focused
most if not all of their efforts on showing that GSS had been copied on
various communications and/or updated about decisions taken at board meetings,
256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 209.

the Plaintiffs were unable to point to any evidence which showed GSS actually
giving instructions to the 4th to 7th Defendants on corporate decisions and
actions, and/or the 4th to 7th Defendants complying with instructions from
GSS. As GSS pointed out in his reply submissions, 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

3rd Df Reply Submissions at para 25.

despite having highlighted in their closing submissions a number of emails and
other communications on which GSS was copied by the 4th to 7th Defendants, the
Plaintiffs were unable to pinpoint any instance where GSS had responded to
these communications with instructions or directions to the 4th to 7th
Defendants. For example, while Kian Wai’s email of 27 January 2018 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

6ABOD at p 190.

recounted the advice from AIQ’s lawyers on the proposed rights issue and its
impact on Joe’s shareholding was sent to the other Directors as well as GSS,
there was no evidence of any instructions or directions from GSS on the
matters mentioned in Kian Wai’s email.

286 Indeed, beyond being unable to pinpoint any evidence of a “discernible
pattern of compliance” by the 4th to 7th Defendants with instructions from
GSS, in respect of the key acts of oppression relied on in their claims (in
particular, the alleged breach of the 2:1 Funding Agreement and the Rights
Issue), the Plaintiffs were conspicuously unable to explain away evidence
which showed the 4th to 7th Defendants declining to comply with GSS’ urging
and suggestions.

287 Thus, for example, despite GSS having proposed a new funding ratio of
1:2.42 as between him and Joe, the contemporaneous documentary evidence showed
that instead of endorsing this new funding ratio and insisting on Joe’s
compliance with it, the 4th to 7th Defendants made considerable efforts to get
both GSS and Joe to compromise: they suggested, for example, that each of them
bear equal responsibility for AIQ’s funding. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

5ABOD at p 344.

This was a suggestion which was not in GSS’ favour, since GSS wanted to align
the two men’s funding contributions with their shareholding interests – and at
that point, Joe was still the majority shareholder. In short, as Joe himself
conceded at trial, Kian Wai “was trying to seek a compromise” vis-à-vis the
funding issue and was not saying that Joe “had to go with what [GSS] was
proposing”. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 17 ln 3 to p 18 ln 6.

288 As another example, even though GSS made numerous suggestions that the 4th
to 7th Defendants mount a rights issue, the 4th to 7th Defendants chose not to
do so for some time and instead made efforts to raise funds via an interim
bridging loan. It was only when AIQ found itself unable to pay its staff their
salaries for the month of January 2018 that the 4th to 7th Defendants took the
decision to mount a rights issue to raise the urgent funds required by AIQ.
261

##### Foot Note 261

×

6ABOD at pp 67–68, 129–132, 203–204.

289 For the reasons set out above, I found that the Plaintiffs were unable to
substantiate their claims about GSS having been a shadow director of AIQ and
TCP and/or GSS having “usurped control” of the boards of these companies. As I
have alluded to, this finding had repercussions for certain aspects of the
Plaintiffs’ claims in minority oppression and in conspiracy, which I touch on
in the later parts of these written grounds.

There was no Understanding and Agreement between Joe and GSS

290 Reverting to the issue of the Understanding and Agreement, it will be
recalled that according to the Plaintiffs’ case, this agreement was the source
of those shareholder rights which Joe (and his purported nominee, Thames) were
claiming had been breached. On the basis of the evidence adduced, I found that
in fact, the Understanding and Agreement never existed. The Plaintiffs’ story
of this agreement – and the varying iterations of its express and implied
terms – was clearly an afterthought, fabricated for the purpose of supporting
their claims against the 3rd to 7th Defendants. Since the Understanding and
Agreement never existed, the 3rd to 7th Defendants could not have breached any
of its purported terms – including the express term regarding the 2:1 Funding
Agreement. It followed that the Plaintiffs could not rely on the Understanding
and Agreement – and the 3rd to 7th Defendants’ alleged breaches of it – as the
basis for establishing the element of commercial unfairness in the various
instances of allegedly oppressive conduct.

291 Leaving aside the alleged breaches of the 2:1 Funding Agreement, I
proceeded in any event to deal with each of the other instances of allegedly
oppressive conduct in turn, to examine whether – absent the “Understanding and
Agreement” – there was any basis for finding the conduct commercially unfair
vis-à-vis the Plaintiffs’ rights as members.

Wrong diversion of funds, resources and unauthorised loans made from AIQ to
TCP

(1) Plaintiffs’ position

292 According to the amended statement of claim, the 3rd to 7th Defendants
were responsible for the wrongful diversion of funds and resources from AIQ to
TCP, as well as unauthorised loans by AIQ to TCP, which constituted oppressive
conduct vis-à-vis the Plaintiffs. In this connection, the alleged
Understanding and Agreement formed the main plank of the Plaintiffs’ case. The
Plaintiffs contended that the Understanding and Agreement required that the
funding provided by Joe and GSS to AIQ would be used towards the development
and commercialisation of the company’s VRT; 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 219(b).

that Joe had never agreed to the loans he had advanced to AIQ being used for
TCP’s purposes; and that he would also never have agreed to his loans to AIQ
being used for TCP’s purposes in circumstances where TCP was not a wholly
owned subsidiary of AIQ. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 232; Transcript of 16 August 2022 at pp
108–109.

In other words, according to the Plaintiffs’ case, Joe was entitled by virtue
of the Understanding and Agreement to expect that the funds he provided AIQ
would be used only for specific purposes; and the Defendants’ unauthorised use
of the funds for other purposes gave rise to commercial unfairness vis-à-vis
Joe and/or his purported nominee Thames. Further, the Plaintiffs charged that
if the Defendants had not diverted AIQ’s funds to TCP, there would have been
more funds to pay for AIQ’s expenses. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 233.

293 In addition, according to the Plaintiffs, the 4th to 7th Defendants had
made unauthorised loans from AIQ to TCP in breach of s 163 of the Companies
Act. According to the Plaintiffs, at the time the loans were made, the 4th to
7th Defendants were collectively interested in more than 20% of TCP. This
meant that shareholder approval was required for such a transaction, and since
none had been obtained, the 4th to 7th Defendants were in breach. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 234.

(2) 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

294 GSS, for his part, took the position that he had no knowledge of – and no
involvement in – the alleged wrongful diversion of funding from AIQ to TCP
and/or unauthorised loans from AIQ to TCP. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at para 173.

(3) 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

295 The 4th to 7th Defendants contended that Joe was well aware all along that
part of the funding he and GSS provided to AIQ was being channelled to TCP.
This was because whenever Kian Wai asked Joe and GSS for funding, he would
give both of them the projected cash flow requirements for both AIQ and TCP,
in order to keep them updated on how the requested funds would be used. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 152; 3ABOD at pp 410–423, 524–525;
4ABOD at pp 340–343, 572–575; 5ABOD at pp 55–58, 752.

Joe had never protested the use of the funding for TCP’s purposes and could
not now belatedly claim to have been ignorant of it. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 153.

296 The 4th to 7th Defendants also explained that since TCP did not initially
have a bank account, 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Transcript of 24 August 2022 at p 112 ln 19 to p 113 ln 10.

funds had to be routed through AIQ. Following the opening of TCP’s account,
270

##### Foot Note 270

×

AEIC of 6th Df at paras 66–67; 1ABOD 576–577; 4ABOD 572–575.

Kian Wai had (with the full knowledge of Joe and GSS), regularised the inter-
company balances between AIQ and TCP such that the funds used to pay TCP’s
renovation and related expenses would be repaid to AIQ. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 154; AEIC of 6th Df at paras 66–67.

(4) My Decision

297 In respect of the Plaintiffs’ reliance on the Understanding and Agreement,
given my finding that this agreement never existed and my further finding that
GSS was not a shadow director, there was no basis for the Plaintiffs’
contention that GSS had an obligation to “procure” the 4th to 7th Defendants
to utilise funding only for the advancement of AIQ’s Principal Object. To
reiterate, there could be no question of any “commercial unfairness” arising
from the any alleged breach of the Understanding and Agreement.

298 Nevertheless, I did consider in the alternative whether the usage of AIQ
funds for TCP’s purposes could be said in any way to have been commercially
unfair. My conclusion was that it could not – for two key reasons. First, on
the evidence adduced, I found that Joe was well aware all along that TCP
required funds and that these funds would come from AIQ. Second, I found that
TCP was always meant to be a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIQ, in which the 4th
to 7th Defendants had no beneficial ownership.

(I) Joe was aware that TCP required funds and that these funds would come from
AIQ

299 In respect of the setting-up of TCP, it will be recalled that the email
correspondence from Leslie to GSS and Joe on 22 March 2017 (4.35pm) 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

3ABOD at p 227-229.

and from Leslie to GSS on 23 March 2017 (9.56am) 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

3ABOD at p 235-237.

showed that Joe had engaged in fairly detailed discussions with Leslie on the
setting-up of the proposed co-working space business. Based on Leslie’s email
update to GSS on 23 March 2017, he and Joe had even discussed the proposed new
company’s resource needs, such as getting the appropriate centre manager and
the compensation to be paid to such a manager.

300 Prior to TCP being incorporated on 12 May 2017, 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

AEIC of 4th Df at para 9.

the board of AIQ also held a board meeting where they approved the
incorporation of TCP. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

3ABOD at p 288.

In gist, AIQ’s board – including Joe – agreed that “a separate company would
be incorporated to manage the co working business” and that “this new company
will be 100% owned by AIQ Pte Ltd”. In short, therefore, Joe was fully aware
that TCP was to be set up as a “100% owned” subsidiary of AIQ and had given
his approval to the proposal.

301 Following the incorporation of TCP, as the 4th to 7th Defendants pointed
out, Joe was kept updated on TCP’s funding needs and financial situation
through projected cash flow requirements which were provided to GSS and Joe
whenever funding was requested for AIQ and TCP. Thus, for example, there was
evidence of emails sent by Kian Wai and Marcus on 16 May 2017 (at 11.42am) 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

3ABOD at p 409-413.

, 6 June 2017 (at 11.12am) 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

3ABOD at p 414-417.

, 17 July 2017 (at 10.26am) 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

3ABOD at p 418.

, 5 September 2017 (at 11.10am) 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

4ABOD at p 572-575.

, 5 October 2017 (at 12.22pm) 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

3ABOD at p 419.

, 28 October 2017 (at 2.43pm) 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

3ABOD at p 420-421.

, 9 November 2017 (at 3.58pm) 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

3ABOD at p 422.

, 1 December 2017 (at 10.59am) 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

5ABOD at p 752-756.

, and 5 January 2018 (at 4.59pm). 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

3ABOD at p 423.

302 It is useful to refer to the contents of some of these emails, as they
illustrate clearly how Joe was kept constantly informed not only of the amount
of funds required for both companies, but also – specifically and explicitly –
of the usage of part of those funds for TCP’s purposes. For example, in the
email sent to GSS and Joe on 16 May 2017, Marcus notified them that $420,000
was required for the month of May, of which $125,000 was to cover TCP’s
“renovation deposits”, $195,000 was to cover “salary and CPF”, and the
remainder for “office rental, fees to directors and etc”. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

3ABOD at p 412.

303 By way of further illustration, the email from Kian Wai to GSS and Joe on
5 October 2017 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

3ABOD at p 419.

alluded to the $240,000 funding provided in September 2017 and stated that
another $1.2 million would be required in fresh funds for the month of October
2017 in order to “process payroll and Oct’s commitments”. In the email, Kian
Wai went on to provide GSS and Joe with the breakdown of both AIQ’s and TCP’s
financial commitments. In respect of TCP, Kian Wai expressly highlighted to
GSS and Joe that of the $1.2 million in fresh funds being requested, “a final
cost of $295k” was needed to “settle all TCP setup and renovation costs”,
while “20k per month till Dec” was budgeted for the ramping up of TCP’s
marketing in the initial three months to acquire members”. In the same email,
Kian Wai also reminded GSS and Joe that he had previously informed them that
they needed “to inject funds to TCP to clear all outstanding balances
previously paid by AIQ on behalf of TCP which [was] amounting to $500k”; and
he put forward a proposal as to how the fresh funds would be split as between
AIQ and TCP.

304 It should also be noted that in an email dated 1 December 2017, 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

5ABOD at p 752.

Kian Wai had (pursuant to Joe’s request) updated Joe on the total amounts
disbursed by him and GSS for the period 1 January 2017 to 30 November 2017,
pursuant to their convertible loans with AIQ. Kian Wai reported to Joe that
for the said period, Joe had disbursed a total of US$930,714 while GSS had
disbursed a total of US$1,569,198. These sums comprised monies injected by
both men to meet the funding needs of AIQ and TCP, pursuant to the various
requests from Kian Wai and Marcus in the preceding months.

305 The irresistible inference which arose from the contemporaneous
documentary evidence was that Joe knew very well where his loans to AIQ were
going: he knew part of the funds were being used to pay for TCP’s expenses,
and he raised no objections when informed of such usage. In the face of the
documentary evidence, there was simply no merit in his argument that the idea
for TCP came about after he (and GSS) had provided convertible loans to AIQ
and that the convertible loans were thus intended only for AIQ’s benefit.

306 Indeed, as the 4th to 7th Defendants pointed out, under cross-examination
Joe himself admitted that Kian Wai and Marcus had always informed him via
email as to how the funds that he and GSS were being asked to put in were
intended to be applied. Joe also admitted that he was “always told that
insofar as part of those funds were going to be used for TCP’s purposes,… what
those purposes were and approximately how much would be used”. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Transcript of 16 August 2022 at p 117 ln 2 to ln 11.

307 What Joe did try to emphasise in cross-examination, though, was that he
had agreed to part of AIQ’s funds being used for TCP’s expenses on the basis
that TCP “ought to be” wholly owned by AIQ. This brings me to the Plaintiffs’
other argument; viz, that loans by AIQ to TCP were made in breach of s 163 of
the Companies Act because at the time the loans were made, the 4th to 7th
Defendants were collectively interested in more than 20% of TCP, and yet no
shareholder approval was obtained for these loans. For the reasons outlined
below, I found no merit in this argument either.

(II) The 4th to 7th Defendants did not have beneficial ownership of TCP

308 As I alluded to earlier (at [300300300]), all parties – including the
Plaintiffs – were agreed at trial that the intention all along was for TCP to
be a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIQ. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

3ABOD at p 288.

Notwithstanding that the TCP shares were not wholly held by AIQ, all parties –
including the Plaintiffs – were also agreed at trial that insofar as any of
them (ie Joe and the 4th to 7th Defendants) held TCP shares at some point or
other, these were always held on trust entirely for AIQ. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Transcript of 16 August 2022 at p 114 ln 18 to p 115 ln 10.

As a result of this arrangement, on 10 July 2018, 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

AEIC of 5th Df at p 212.

Leslie, Jeffrey and Marcus transferred their TCP shares (total of 77.5%
shareholding in TCP) to AIQ in compliance with Joe’s demand for them to do so
(dated 14 November 2017). 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

5ABOD at p 299-301.

In fact, despite Joe’s demand for TCP to “become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
AIQ” as previously agreed upon, it was Joe himself who failed to transfer his
TCP shares to AIQ – a fact which in my view underscored the insincerity of his
complaints about the 4th to 7th Defendants’ alleged interests in TCP.

309 Given the above circumstances, AIQ would have controlled more than half of
the voting power of TCP – both before and after the transfer of shares from
the 4th to 7th Defendants to AIQ, which would make TCP a wholly-owned
subsidiary of AIQ pursuant to s 5(1)(a)(ii) of the Companies Act:

5.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, a corporation shall, subject to
subsection (3), be deemed to be a subsidiary of another corporation, if –

(a) that other corporation –

(i) controls the composition of the board of directors of the first-mentioned
corporation; or

(ii) controls more than half of the voting power of the first-mentioned
corporation; or

(b) the first-mentioned corporation is a subsidiary of any corporation which
is that other corporation’s subsidiary.

310 Since TCP was a subsidiary of AIQ, s 163 did not apply to loans made from
AIQ to TCP by virtue of s 163(4)(a) of the Companies Act:

(4) This section does not apply –

(a) to anything done by a company where the other company (whether that
company is incorporated in Singapore or otherwise) is its subsidiary or
holding company or a subsidiary of its holding company; or

…

311 Further and in any event, even assuming there was a breach of s 163 of the
Companies Act, the onus remained on the Plaintiffs to demonstrate that this
constituted commercially unfair conduct vis-à-vis Joe and/or Thames. As I
noted earlier, conduct that is technically unlawful may not be unfair (Lim Kok
Wah at [100]). In this respect, the Plaintiffs failed entirely to explain how
a breach of s 163 was commercially unfair – and thus oppressive of the
Plaintiffs’ rights. In my view, given Joe’s own conduct, and in particular,
his clear knowledge of the loans from AIQ to TCP as well as the lack of any
objections thereto, the Plaintiffs had no grounds whatsoever to complain of
commercial unfairness arising from any (purported) breach of s 163.

312 In sum, for the reasons stated at [297]–[311], I rejected the Plaintiffs’
claim of oppression arising from the allegedly wrongful diversion of funds
from AIQ to TCP and the allegedly unauthorised loans.

Wrongful denial of information to Joe from AIQ and TCP

(1) Plaintiffs’ position

313 The next allegation of oppressive conduct which I address is the
Plaintiffs’ allegation that Joe was wrongfully denied his right to receive
financial information on AIQ, TCP and the progress of these companies.

314 In this connection, the Plaintiffs claimed that by virtue of the
Understanding and Agreement, Joe had a right to receive full financial
information on AIQ, TCP and the progress of these companies. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19(2),(7).

Joe’s right to the companies’ financial information was pleaded as an express
term of the Understanding and Agreement, although as noted earlier, in the
Plaintiffs’ closing submissions it was said to be an implied term. According
to the Plaintiffs, this was not an express term of the Understanding and
Agreement but was an implied term. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 219(a).

315 Further, the Plaintiffs contended that pursuant to s 199 of the Companies
Act, Joe was entitled in any event, as a director, to inspect AIQ’s documents
and records. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 250(b).

This right would be independent of the Understanding and Agreement.

316 In claiming that Joe’s right to the companies’ financial information was
wrongfully denied and that this denial was oppressive of their shareholder
rights, the Plaintiffs contended that in the period between the signing of the
Share Transfer Deed and Joe’s removal from the AIQ board, the 3rd to 7th
Defendants had given “half-hearted” responses to Joe’s various requests for
information and documents. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 112.

In particular, the Plaintiffs pointed to the four requests made on 14 November
2017, 15 January 2018, 18 April 2018, and 10 May 2018. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 112; 5ABOD at p 300, p 611; 6ABOD at p 77, p
695; 10ABOD at p 532.

(2) 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

317 As for GSS, he asserted that he was not involved in the alleged denial of
financial information to Joe from AIQ and TCP; that he had no knowledge of the
events relating to the alleged denial of information; and that he had no
involvement in the affairs of companies beyond funding them through loans. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at para 164.

(3) 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

318 The 4th to 7th Defendants, for their part, contended that Kian Wai had
done his best to answer Joe’s requests for information as they were made and
that the Plaintiffs had no factual basis for claiming that Joe’s requests for
information were denied. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 115-119.

319 Further, the 4th to 7th Defendants highlighted that it was only in the
closing submissions that the Plaintiffs put forward for the first time a
purported summary of the “key information and documents” which they claimed
Joe had unsuccessfully sought. This summary was not included in either the
Plaintiffs’ pleadings or in Joe’s AEIC, which meant that the 4th to 7th
Defendants were deprived of the opportunity to respond to it. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

4th-7th Df Reply Submissions at para 67.

(4) My Decision

320 In respect of the Plaintiffs’ reliance on the Understanding and Agreement,
given my finding that there was never any such agreement, it followed that Joe
could not claim to be entitled to financial information on AIQ and TCP by
virtue of any term in such an agreement.

321 In respect of Joe’s right under s 199 of the Companies Act to inspect
AIQ’s and TCP’s financial records in his capacity as a director, the
Plaintiffs had no coherent explanation as to how any breach of this right
could constitute oppression of Joe’s rights as a shareholder of the two
companies. As the CA pointed out in Suying Design, “shareholders do not have a
broad right to financial information of a company other than the audited
financial statements pursuant to s 203 of the Companies Act” (Suying Design at
[124]). Even assuming there was a breach of Joe’s right as a director under s
199 to inspect the companies’ financial records, the qua member rule would
preclude the Plaintiffs from relying on such a breach for the purposes of
their minority oppression claim (see [122]–[126] above for the references to
caselaw on the qua member rule).

322 Further and in any event, the Plaintiffs’ claim of wrongful denial of
information was not supported by the evidence. On the evidence before me, I
was satisfied that Kian Wai did in fact do his best to respond to Joe’s
requests for information – and that he also instructed the relevant AIQ staff
to assist with the gathering of information requested by Joe. The facts
relating to the alleged wrongful denial of Joe’s requests for financial
information are examined in greater detail in the section on the Plaintiffs’
conspiracy claim (at [557]–[562] and [568]–[573] below).

323 In sum, for the reasons stated at [320]–[322], I rejected the Plaintiffs’
claim of oppression arising from the alleged wrongful denial of Joe’s right to
financial information on AIQ and TCP.

Wrongful dilution of Joe’s shareholding through the Rights Issue

324 The next allegation of oppressive conduct I address concerns the Rights
Issue of 30 January 2018, which the Plaintiffs claimed was carried out in
order to dilute Joe’s shareholding in AIQ. The key events relating to the
Rights Issue have been summarised previously in the written grounds (see
[18]–[20] above).

(1) The Plaintiffs’ position

325 According to the Plaintiffs, the 3rd to 7th Defendants had decided that
Joe should be exited from AIQ and that his shareholding should be diluted in
order for GSS to obtain majority shareholding control of AIQ. This was to be
done through the conduct of a right issue at a severe undervalue – which Joe
would be incapacitated from participating in, by virtue of the 3rd to 7th
Defendants piling the pressure on Joe in respect of the audit issues. In their
closing submissions, the Plaintiffs termed this the “Incapacitation Strategy”.
301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 169-170; Transcript of 22 August 2022 at p 11,
17 and 18; Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 97 ln 1 to ln 5; Transcript of 25
August 2022 at p 172.

326 The Plaintiffs alleged that the following matters (which they claimed to
have proven at trial) showed that the Rights Issue was carried out with the
predominant purpose of diluting Joe’s shareholding – and was thus oppressive:

(a) Joe was excluded from all discussions relating to the Rights Issue. He was
also bamboozled by the speed at which the Rights Issue was conducted and had
no time to react before the offer was sent out to the shareholders. Despite
his having expressed objections to the Rights Issue, the 4th to 7th Defendants
still went ahead with the Rights Issue. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 173.

(b) The 4th to 7th Defendants did not allow Joe’s request on 5 March 2018 to
convert his loans to equity. According to the Plaintiffs, there should have
been no issues accepting such a proposal as it would have the effect of
reducing AIQ’s overall liabilities while helping maintain the status quo in
terms of shareholding allocation between Joe and GSS. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 177.

(c) The total amount of the Rights Issue was only $302,400, which amount would
have lasted AIQ only for slightly over a month. Kian Wai and GSS had confirmed
that further rights issues would be needed to raise more funds in the future.
304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 167(b.

(d) The final version of the invitation letter was not the same as the draft
invitation letter that was approved by the board. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 167(j);.

(e) The low price of the Rights Issue where it was carried out an undervalue
of 28 cents per share, when no independent valuation had been done in respect
of the price. GSS had also only subscribed to a limited number of shares to
increase his shareholding to a majority of 50.04% after the Rights Issue.
According to the Plaintiffs, this reflected the reality that the Rights Issue
was a cheap way for GSS to obtain majority control of AIQ at the expense of
Joe. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 178, 179(b),(c).

(f) By the time the invitation letter was sent out, the 3rd to 7th Defendants
knew that Joe would not subscribe to the Rights Issue. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 174.

327 The Plaintiffs claimed that their version of the events leading up to the
Rights Issue in late January 2018 was supported by various email
communications between the 4th to 7th Defendants, GSS and Joe. According to
the Plaintiffs, sometime after the board meeting on 15 November 2017, where
Joe had disagreed with GSS’ proposed new funding ratio, the 3rd to 7th
Defendants had commenced discussions about working towards kicking Joe out of
AIQ in January 2018. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 120-127; 1ABOD at pp 365-366; 5ABOD at pp
617-619; Transcript of 30 August 2022 at p 115 ln 11 to p 116 ln 6.

By 7 January 2018, the 3rd to 7th Defendants were having discussions about the
audit issues relating to Joe. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 135-136; 5ABOD at p 768.

It was at this time that GSS encouraged the 4th to 7th Defendants to seriously
consider a rights issue to keep AIQ going for the next few months. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 137; 5ABOD at p 770.

328 On 15 January 2018, Kian Wai proposed that GSS and Joe (and the other AIQ
shareholders) provide interim bridging loans to AIQ and TCP as a temporary
measure. This proposal failed as there was no take-up from any of AIQ’s
shareholders. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 146-149; 6ABOD at pp 87-90, 145-148.

329 The Plaintiffs claimed that even as the 4th to 7th Defendants were trying
to raise a bridging loan, they were planning with GSS to incapacitate Joe’s
ability to participate in any rights issue, by pressuring him on the audit
issues. This included bringing up the audit issues at an urgent board meeting
on 23 January 2018. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 157-159; 6ABOD at pp 156, 178.

According to the Plaintiffs, the plan to incapacitate Joe from participating
in any rights issue (the “Incapacitation Strategy”) was fleshed out in Kian
Wai’s email of 18 January 2018. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 150-153; 6ABOD at p 129-132.

The Plaintiffs claimed that the cumulative pressure applied by the 3rd to 7th
Defendants took its toll on Joe, who offered to sell all his AIQ shares to GSS
on 25 January 2018, for US$3.8m. This offer was not accepted by GSS. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 160-162; 6ABOD at pp 170, 172.

330 On 29 January 2018, a directors’ resolution approving the launch of the
Rights Issue was sent to all Directors; and soon after, an offer letter for
the Rights Issue was sent to all shareholders. The Plaintiffs took issue with
this offer letter on the basis that its wording was not identical to the
wording in the draft approved by the directors’ resolution. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 165-166; 6ABOD at pp 209-211, 367-373.

331 According to the Plaintiffs, the 3rd to 7th Defendants continued to
discuss Joe’s participation in the Rights Issue even after round 1 of the
Rights Issue had commenced; 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 167.

and on 4 February 2018, the 4th to 7th Defendants sent a reply to Joe’s email
of 31 January 2018 in which he had raised objections to the Rights Issue. The
Plaintiffs claimed that the 4th to 7th Defendants’ actions were calculated to
put further pressure on Joe. After the conclusion of round 1 of the Rights
Issue on 13 February 2018, GSS emerged as the only subscriber. As a result,
GSS was invited to participate in round 2 of the Rights Issue on 19 February
2018. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

6ABOD at pp 364, 367-373.

(2) 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

332 Both GSS and the 4th to 7th Defendants urged me not to allow Joe to
advance a case theory based on the Incapacitation Strategy because this was
something which he had failed to plead (and which he had also failed to
mention in his AEIC).

333 GSS’ position was that even if the Plaintiffs’ arguments about the
Incapacitation Strategy were to be considered, the Rights Issue was not
commercially unfair to the Plaintiffs because it was conducted for a genuine
commercial purpose; namely, to raise funds for AIQ 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 122-128.

– and not for the purpose of diluting Joe’s shareholding. There were also good
commercial reasons for pricing the Rights Issue at $0.28 per share. The entire
process for the conduct of the Rights Issue was transparent; and Joe was not
incapacitated from participating in the Rights Issue: he simply chose not to.

334 GSS also asserted that he did not set off any part of his loans to AIQ to
pay for the Rights Issue. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 134-138.

(3) The 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

335 The 4th to 7th Defendants also took the position that the Rights Issue was
carried out for a genuine commercial purpose, ie to raise funds urgently for
AIQ’s operational expenses 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 83-84, 99-100.

; and that it was priced at $0.28 per share so as to entice as many
shareholders as possible to participate. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 85-87.

Like Joe, GSS too was not allowed to subscribe by setting off loans owed by
AIQ to him.

(4) My Decision

(A) The law relating to rights issues in oppression claims

336 Before I address the Plaintiffs’ various allegations, I first outline the
legal principles which govern the conduct of rights issues in the context of
oppression claims.

337 As a starting point, The Wellness Group Pte Ltd v OSIM International Ltd
[2016] 3 SLR 729 (“The Wellness Group”) is instructive as to when the conduct
of a rights issue may be held by the courts to have given rise to commercial
unfairness. In The Wellness Group, the 1st plaintiff (“TWG”) sued the 1st to
6th defendants for oppressive conduct under s 216 of the Companies Act, while
the 2nd plaintiff (“Manoj”) sued the 1st to 3rd defendants for conspiracy to
injure. The 2nd defendant (“Ron Sim”) was the founder, chairman and CEO of the
1st defendant (“OSIM”) and a director of a company (“TWG Tea”) and the 4th
defendant (“Paris”). Paris was wholly owned by OSIM and a shareholder of TWG.
The 3rd defendant (“Taha”) was a director and the CEO of TWG Tea. The 5th
defendant (“Peng Soon”) was a director of Paris and TWG Tea, while the 6th
defendant (“Peter Lee”) was a director of OSIM, Paris and TWG Tea. TWG Tea was
first incorporated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of TWG. Eventually, Ron Sim
through an investment company (“EQ Capital”) invested in TWG. Paris and OSIM
became shareholders in TWG Tea with TWG.

338 At an EGM on 17 December 2013 (which TWG and Manoj chose not to attend),
TWG Tea shareholders approved a resolution presented by the board calling for
a rights issue of up to 77,000 shares. Ron Sim subsequently asked TWG’s
directors to subscribe to the rights issue, but TWG did not accept the new
shares allocated to it pursuant to the rights issue. OSIM and Paris together
subscribed for the entire 77,000 shares. This resulted in OSIM controlling
69.9% of the shares in TWG Tea (up from 53.7% previously). Soon after, TWG
commenced minority oppression proceedings. Inter alia, they claimed that Ron
Sim had proposed, and OSIM and Paris had approved, the rights issue which was
not for commercial reasons and was instead intended to dilute TWG’s
shareholding.

339 In dismissing the Plaintiffs’ claim that the rights issue was oppressive,
Chua JC (as he then was) noted at [183] (citing the CA’s judgment in Over &
Over at [122]) that the issue of shares for any reason other than to raise
capital – for instance, to dilute the voting power of others – amounted to a
breach of fiduciary duties by the directors of the company and could be set
aside by the court. Further, if directors representing majority shareholders
abused voting powers by voting in bad faith or for a collateral purpose,
oppression could be said to have been established.

340 Chua JC further held that a rights issue would be unfair within the
meaning of s 216 of the Companies Act if (a) there was no commercial reason to
raise capital through a rights issue; or (b) the dominant purpose of the
rights issue is to dilute non-subscribing shareholders. He noted that these
were the two most common – albeit non-exhaustive – grounds.

341 With respect to (a), Chua JC held (at [185]) that where there was no
commercial reason to raise capital through a rights issue, a rights issue
would be unfair to shareholders even if the pricing of the rights issue was
fair and reasonable. Because a rights issue required shareholders to invest
more money in the company by subscription to the rights issue, or face
dilution to the value and voting power of their shareholding, shareholders
“were entitled to expect that they [would] not be subject to this dilemma
unless the company [had] a commercial reason to have a rights issue”. In
practice, where there was no commercial reason for a rights issue, it was
invariably found that the purpose of the rights issue was to dilute the
shareholding of non-subscribing shareholders: see Over & Over at [127];
Sharikat Logistics Pte Ltd v Ong Boon Chuan [2014] SGHC 224 (“Sharikat”) at
[188]; Maxz Universal at [108].

342 As Chua JC pointed out, the question of whether there was a commercial
reason for a rights issue would be a finding of fact in every case. Generally,
there could be no commercial reason for a rights issue “unless (a) the company
[was] in need of funds, and (b) raising such funds via a rights issue, rather
than other means of financing such as bank loans, [was] a reasonable option”.

343 On the facts of The Wellness Group, Chua JC found that there were
commercial reasons to raise capital through a rights issue. First, there was a
$5.6m loan from OSIM that was due to be repaid within a month’s time, failing
which the loan interest would jump to a higher rate (at [140]–[146]). TWG also
had to repay $6m to UOB at around the same time that the OSIM loan fell due.
The repayment of the OSIM loan and the UOB loan thus constituted a bona fide
reason for the rights issue (at [148]–[149]). In addition, there were other
legitimate expenses for which reasonable amounts had been budgeted; and on top
of these legitimate payments due from TWG Tea, TWG Tea also needed to fund its
expansion plans, which would cost approximately $10.4m (at [153]–[154]). In
the circumstances, Chua JC found that there were commercial reasons for the
rights issue (at [155]).

344 In Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd v Yak Thye Peng [2019] SGHC 149 (”Swee
Wan”), two brothers (“YTP” and “YTL”) fell out over the control and management
of two family-owned companies (“SWE” and “SWT”). The daughter of YTL (“YCW”)
was also a party to the proceedings. One of the issues was whether a rights
issue conducted by SWE in June 2017 amounted to oppression of YTP’s rights as
a shareholder. In gist, following approval given at an EGM on 7 June 2017, a
rights issue of 1,771,910 ordinary shares at par value of $1 per share was
offered to existing shareholders in proportion to their current shareholdings
(at [36]). YTP was of the view that this rights issue was simply an attempt to
dilute his shareholding in SWE as YTL and YCW knew that YTP would not be able
to meet his obligations in respect of the rights issue. YTP had written to
YTL’s and YCW’s lawyers threatening legal proceedings. The lawyers replied
that the rights issue was necessary to ensure that SWE could meet its
liability in respect of a loan from ABN AMRO Bank and that it was not an
attempt to dilute YTP’s shareholding. After the rights issue was carried out,
YTP’s shareholding in SWE shrank from 40% to 20.79% (at [37]–[39]).

345 On the facts, Hoo J found that the ABN AMRO loan had been taken out for
business purposes; that it had been negotiated and managed by YTP; and that it
had been secured by SWE’s properties as well as a personal guarantee from YTP.
Unfortunately, the loan facility was cancelled on 28 March 2017, following
which the loan had to be repaid within three months. YTL and YCW had nothing
to do with this cancellation. Hoo J found that YTL was under no obligation to
use funds that he was personally entitled to for the discharge of SWE’s
liability to ABN AMRO (at [111]). Nevertheless, YTL and YCW had taken
reasonable steps to find alternative means of funding, including inter alia
unsuccessful attempts to obtain re-financing from four different banks (at
[107]–[110]). Hoo J rejected YTP’s allegation that “there was short notice
given to him, that no proper explanation for the number of shares to be issued
had been given, and that no valuation was done to support the share price” (at
[112]). She accepted YTL’s and YCW’s explanation that the short notice was due
to the urgency of the situation, and that this urgency had in part been caused
by YTP’s behaviour in doing nothing when he first received notice of the
cancelled loan. The rights issue was at par value and each shareholder was
entitled to subscribe for shares. Although on the face of it, the quantity of
shares issued appeared to be far in excess of what was required for paying off
the ABN AMRO loan, Hoo J accepted YCW’s explanation that there was
insufficient time to call for multiple rights issues if the first did not
raise the $900,000 outstanding to ABN AMRO, and that YCW had operated on the
assumption that only YTL would be willing to subscribe for more shares so as
to raise the amount required (at [113]–[115]).

346 As to the valuation of the shares, Hoo J held that a lack of any serious
attempt to ascertain the market value of shares alone did not demonstrate a
lack of good faith (at [116]). While YTP complained that the price of the
rights issue could have been set lower than book value, Hoo J pointed out that
a lower share price would also mean that more shares would have to be issued
to raise the same amount of funds should YTL be the only one to subscribe; and
this would actually have resulted in a more serious dilution of YTP’s
shareholding. Further, Hoo J noted YCW’s evidence that a rights issue would be
conducted at less than current value so that existing shareholders could have
a chance to participate, and so as to incentivize them to do so. YTP himself
had no satisfactory explanation as to why he had not subscribed for the shares
if he thought that the price was low.

347 Ultimately, therefore, Hoo J found that the decision to carry out a rights
issue was made for a genuine commercial reason, viz to raise capital for SWE –
and not to dilute YTP’s shareholding as he claimed (at [116]–[117]).

348 In Sharikat, there was a dispute amongst the shareholders of the 5th
defendant (“TG-SN”). The shareholders were the plaintiff (“Sharikat”) with 40%
of the shareholding in TG-SN, the 4th defendant (“TGDPL”) with 51% of TG-SN’s
shareholding, and the 3rd defendant (“KYL”), with the remaining 9% of TG-SN’s
shareholding. TG-SN was set up to tender for and to undertake a development
project at Banyan Drive (“the Project”). Sharikat brought an oppression
action, claiming that one “OBC” (the sole director and controlling shareholder
of TGDPL) had used TGDPL’s position as majority shareholder of TG-SN to
oppress Sharikat as a minority shareholder. Inter alia, Sharikat claimed that
following its commencement of the action, OBC had sought to raise a rights
issue on the basis that TG-SN needed to repay a construction loan and to pay
for future expansion. Sharikat countered that there was no urgency to repay
the loan; that TG-SN was a single purpose vehicle set up to develop and manage
the Project; and that the true purpose of the rights issue was to dilute
Sharikat’s shareholding in TG-SN (at [19]).

349 Prakash J (as she then was) accepted that TG-SN was incorporated as a
single purpose vehicle. As such, there could be no question of future projects
to be undertaken without the consent of Sharikat; and by the time the rights
issue was proposed, this consent was very unlikely to be given since Sharikat
and TGDPL were on bad terms by then. In other words, “there was little, if
any, prospect of Sharikat agreeing to expand the business” of TG-SN. OBC must
have realised that Sharikat would not want to invest additional funds in the
company, and thus he could not have sincerely considered that Sharikat would
participate in the rights issue in order raise funds for TG-SN to undertake
further business (at [181]). Furthermore, Prakash J did not accept that OBC
could have truly believed TG-SN was at that time experiencing a cash crunch.
Inter alia, he had neglected to accept another bank’s offer of a reduced
interest rate, which would have saved TG-SN money. As at end-2010, TG-SN also
had cash reserves of approximately $700,000; all the units in the Project were
occupied; rental was forthcoming; and the company’s cash position had been
constantly improving while its liability decreased. In the circumstances,
Prakash J concluded that there was no valid commercial reason for the rights
issue and that it was aimed at diluting Sharikat’s shareholding (at
[182]–[188]). The calling of the 8 September 2011 EGM and the passing of the
resolution for a rights issue were accordingly held to be oppressive actions
on the part of TGDPL and OBC vis-à-vis Sharikat.

350 In any inquiry into the existence (or not) of commercial reasons for a
rights issue, it should be remembered that even if there are good commercial
reasons for the rights issue, it is a fact that every rights issue will dilute
the shareholding of those shareholders who choose not to subscribe it (The
Wellness Group at [188]). As Chua JC pointed out in The Wellness Group, a non-
subscribing shareholder cannot complain about the mere fact of dilution
because there can be no general expectation that the shareholding of a company
will remain constant. Neither can a shareholder complain about the mere fact
that the price is too low. However, a shareholder is entitled to not be
unfairly treated. A rights issue “would be unfair if its dominant purpose is
to dilute the non-subscribing shareholder”; and such a dominant purpose would
be an improper purpose which the court would not permit (at [188]).

351 Further, as Chua J observed in The Wellness Group, the intention to dilute
non-subscribing shareholders often has to be inferred. The absence of
commercial reasons for a rights issue is one obvious indicator of such an
intention. Another strong indicator is a low issue price where there is no
good commercial reason for the low price. This is because the lower the issue
price, the more shares will be issued and this in turn leads to a greater
dilution of the non-subscribing shareholder’s shareholding (at [190]). As for
the majority’s knowledge that a minority shareholder cannot or may not take up
the issue, this factor does not necessarily mean that the rights issue is
unfair – but it will be a factor which the court will consider (at [190],
citing Over & Over at [76]). At the end of the day, the question whether a
company is in need of funds – as well as the question of whether raising funds
via a rights issue is a reasonable option – are matters for the company’s
management; the court will be slow to question a bona fide management decision
honestly arrived at (at [186] of The Wellness Group, citing Howard Smith Ltd v
Ampol Petroleum Ltd [1974] AC 821 at 832; and Intraco Ltd v Multi-Pak
Singapore Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1064 at [30]).

352 In this connection, as Chua JC observed (at [193]–[194]):

193 Using the dilutive effect for the purpose of encouraging shareholders to
subscribe to a rights issue is conceptually different from using the dilutive
effect for the purpose of diluting non-subscribing shareholders. It may be
difficult in some cases to differentiate between the two on the evidence.
However, this difficulty should not stop the court from recognising and giving
effect to the distinction.

194 The distinction may be better explained by considering two different
factual scenarios. In the first scenario, the majority shareholder wants to
increase his shareholding and either knows or hopes that the minority will not
take up the rights shares. He then prices the rights issue at the low end of a
reasonable range in order to increase the dilutive effect on the non-
subscribing shareholder. In the second scenario, the majority shareholder is
not looking to increase his shareholding and would like all shareholders to
contribute proportionately to the financing of the company by subscribing to
the rights issue. The rights issue is again priced at the low end of a
reasonable range but this time the intention is to incentivise the
shareholders to subscribe to the rights issue. In my view, the two scenarios
deserve very different treatments even though the dilutive effect in both
cases may be similarly disadvantageous to the non-subscribing shareholder. The
decision for the low issue price in the first scenario would be unfairly
prejudicial to the non-subscribing shareholder. However, I see no reason why
the decision in the second scenario should constitute unfairly prejudicial
conduct. Since there is a commercial reason for the rights issue, it would not
be wrong for a majority shareholder to expect all shareholders to subscribe to
the rights issue, or to price the rights issue low so that shareholders will
be incentivised to subscribe in order to avoid the dilutive effect of not
subscribing. It would also not be wrong, in the second scenario, if one of the
reasons for the low issue price is to make it more attractive for the majority
shareholder to take up the shares not taken up by the non-subscribing
shareholder, so that the company is able to raise the full amount of financing
needed.

(B) Whether there were bona fide commercial reasons for the Rights Issue

353 Bearing in mind the principles I have outlined at [336]–[352] and having
examined the evidence adduced, I found that there were bona fide commercial
reasons for the Rights Issue to be carried out.

(I) AIQ was in urgent need of funds within a very short timeline

354 First, it was not disputed that at the material time, AIQ had only a small
sum of money left in its bank account. To be precise, AIQ had only $4,636.81
in its account as at 9 February 2018, 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

11ABOD at p 764.

which would obviously have been inadequate to satisfy AIQ’s current
liabilities and future expenses. That such a dire cash crunch had been AIQ’s
reality for some time was evidenced by Kian Wai’s email of 19 January 2018 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 216-217.

to Joe and GSS, in which Kian Wai pointed out that if a viable funding
solution could not be reached (as between Joe and GSS), the 4th to 7th
Defendants would have to discuss shutting down “operations for both companies”
as they were “really running out of cash to pay our bills and should not
accrue more liabilities if [they could not] see them being paid”. The dismal
extent of AIQ’s financial woes was further demonstrated by its inability to
pay its own staff their salaries for the month of January 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

6ABOD at p 203-204.

– and the prospect of being unable to pay these salaries even before the Lunar
New Year.

355 AIQ’s pressing need for funds, and in particular, the need to pay
outstanding staff salaries, thus constituted a genuine commercial reason for
the Rights Issue.

(II) There were no alternative means of funding

356 Second, at the time when the Rights Issue was proposed as the answer to
AIQ’s financial woes, there were no alternative means of funding that the 4th
to 7th Defendants could tap on. On the facts, it did not appear that loans
from banks or other financial institutions represented a viable funding
option. Indeed, the Plaintiffs themselves have never mentioned bank loans as
one of AIQ’s funding options.

357 Instead, the Plaintiffs’ only suggestion as to alternative means of
funding was that the 4th to 7th Defendants should have looked first to GSS,
and exhausted GSS’ portion of the funding under the 2:1 Funding Agreement
first, before approaching Joe. Such an approach, so the Plaintiffs claimed,
might have made Joe more receptive to any proposal for a rights issue. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 176.

358 I found the Plaintiffs’ suggestion to be devoid of any merit. First, for
the reasons explained earlier at [215]–[274] and [290], I rejected the
Plaintiffs’ contention that there was a “2:1 Funding Agreement” between Joe
and GSS. Second, I considered it entirely unreasonable for the Plaintiffs to
suggest that the 4th to 7th Defendants should have approached GSS first and
exhausted GSS’ portion of the funding under the 2:1 Funding Agreement first,
before approaching Joe. Given the fraught relationship which existed between
Joe and GSS by early 2018, such a one-sided approach would in all likelihood
have resulted in GSS digging in his heels and refusing to heed any of the 4th
to 7th Defendants’ pleas for funding. By this stage, the 4th to 7th Defendants
had already had made several attempts to persuade GSS and Joe to agree on a
workable funding arrangement – and these attempts had been rebuffed by both
men. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

5ABOD at pp 333-334, 344, 587-589, 615-616.

There was a real limit to what the 4th to 7th Defendants could do to get
either man to cooperate in funding AIQ: after all, if Joe or GSS declined to
provided further funding, the 4th to 7th Defendants had no powers to compel
either man to fund AIQ.

359 In the circumstances, I was satisfied that the Rights Issue represented
the only viable funding solution at the material time.

(III) A rights issue had always been contemplated by the board as a viable
funding strategy

360 Third, it should be noted that a rights issue had always been contemplated
by the AIQ board as a viable strategy for raising funds. While I did not
necessarily accept GSS’ contention that the Rights Issue which was launched
had always been contemplated in exactly the same form that it took on 30
January 2018, the point I make here is that rights issues in general had
already been contemplated by the board (Joe included) as a potential
fundraising strategy for AIQ even before 30 January 2018. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

3ABOD at pp 271-272, 279-280, 286-287; 4ABOD at pp 377, 405-406, 673-674;
5ABOD at pp 20, 68-69, 256-258, 336-337, 341-342, 637-638, 770.

This would tend to militate against the suggestion that the Rights Issue was a
stratagem conceived by the 3rd to 7th Defendants for the specific purpose of
diluting Joe’s shareholding interest after relations with him soured.

(C) Whether the dominant intention of the 3rd to 7th Defendants was to dilute
Joe’s shareholding in AIQ

361 Having found that the evidence disclosed a genuine commercial purpose for
the Rights Issue, I next examined the evidence which – according to the
Plaintiffs – gave rise to the inference that the 3rd to 7th Defendants
nevertheless had a dominant intention to dilute Joe’s AIQ shareholding.

(I) Exclusion of Joe from all discussions relating to the Rights Issue due to
the speed at which it was conducted – Joe objected to the rights issue

362 At the outset, I rejected Joe’s contention that he was caught off-guard by
the launch of the Rights Issue and “bamboozled” by the speed at which it was
carried out. In fact, on the documentary evidence before me, not only was Joe
kept informed all along of the proposal to conduct the Rights Issue, he held a
meeting with Kian Wai and Marcus to discuss it in some detail on 26 January
2018. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

6ABOD at p 183-185.

363 Thus, for example, between 5 January 2018 to 22 January 2018, Kian Wai had
tried unsuccessfully to get Joe, GSS, and eventually shareholders holding at
least 5% of AIQ, to provide funds or a bridging loan to AIQ. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

6ABOD at p 145-148.

Joe was well aware of these unsuccessful efforts to raise funds as he was one
of the recipients of Kian Wai’s various emails updating on his efforts – and
their lack of success. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

6ABOD at p 146.

On 17 January 2018, for example, Kian Wai stated in an email to Joe and GSS
that AIQ had been operating “on ‘hand to mouth’ situation for at least past 12
months” and that the company had almost needed to stop salary payments and
cease operations in December 2017. In the same email, Kian Wai informed Joe
and GSS that “[t]he plan [was] to seek the board’s approval for a rights issue
and subsequently sanctioned by members vote in an AGM or EGM”.

364 On 23 January 2018, there was an AIQ board meeting at which the board
discussed a funding arrangement involving an interim loan scheme to fund AIQ’s
urgent short-term needs, followed by a rights issue to get shareholders to
fund AIQ’s operations 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

1ABOD at p 372.

. Not only was Joe the chair of this meeting, he was accompanied by both his
“legal representative” (one Nikko Isaac from the firm Tito Isaac & Co LLP) and
his “accounting representative” (one Lucius Wong from the firm TIC Corporate
Advisory Pte Ltd). 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

1ABOD at p 371.

The minutes of the board meeting showed that all the board members, including
Joe, had agreed that these two options were to be implemented to resolve the
company’s funding issues.

365 Following the 23 January 2018 board meeting, Kian Wai again tried to get
Joe, GSS and other shareholders to provide a bridging loan to AIQ – but his
efforts were in vain. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

6ABOD at p 176-177.

Then, on 28 January 2018, AIQ found itself unable to pay the salaries of its
employees. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

6ABOD at p 203-204.

This meant that the first limb of the two-pronged approach approved by the
board on 23 January 2018 had failed (ie no interim loan could be obtained).
This also meant that since Kian Wai had failed to persuade Joe, GSS and other
shareholders with more than 5% shareholding to provide interim financing, it
was reasonable to move on to the Rights Issue which had been envisaged as the
second limb of the two-pronged approach. In other words, it would not have
come as a surprise at all to Joe when the 4th to 7th Defendants moved to
proceed with the Rights Issue.

366 Furthermore, Joe was kept informed by Kian Wai about the preparations for
the launch of the Rights Issue pursuant to the board meeting on 23 January
2018 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

6ABOD at p 176.

; and as I noted earlier, Joe had a meeting with Kian Wai and Marcus on 26
January 2018 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

6ABOD at p 183-184.

. According to Kian Wai’s email to Joe on the same day, the three of them
(Joe, Kian Wai and Marcus) discussed various details regarding the Rights
Issue, including the proposal for the Rights Issue to be “9 for 1 shares at
$0.28”. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

6ABOD at p 183-185.

At Joe’s request, Kian Wai and Marcus had also run through with Joe various
scenarios in relation to his participation in the Rights Issue. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

6ABOD at p 183-185.

I add that although Joe denied having engaged in such discussions with Kian
Wai and Marcus, I preferred Kian Wai’s version of events as it was supported
by evidence of contemporaneous emails the veracity and existence of which Joe
had never objected to. The 4th to 7th Defendants’ subsequent reply (via email
on 2 February 2018) to Joe’s objections (via email on 31 January 2018 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

6ABOD at p 238-243.

) to the Rights Issue further corroborated their assertion that they had
included Joe in discussions about the launch of the Rights Issue: 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

6ABOD at p 276-280.

in particular, the reply email stated that Joe “did not object to the rights
issue and had in fact, on 26 January 2018, had an in-depth discussion with
Kian Wai for the rights issue”. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

6ABOD at p 277.

367 For the reasons stated in [362]–[366] above, I rejected the Plaintiffs’
complaint that Joe had been caught off-guard and “bamboozled” by the launch of
the Rights Issue.

368 As to the Plaintiffs’ contention that the Rights Issue had been carried
out quickly and in spite of Joe’s objections, neither of these things per se
constituted a basis for finding commercial unfairness. As Chua JC pointed out
in The Wellness Group (at [199]), as a matter of law, it was not incumbent
upon directors to consult shareholders on the terms of the rights issue.
Although Chua JC noted that it would be useful in some circumstances for
consultations to be held, any decision whether to do so was best left the
directors to take. In the present case, given that the 4th to 7th Defendants
had genuine commercial justification for the Rights Issue, the fact that they
proceeded in spite of Joe’s objections could not per se be a ground for
finding the Rights Issue commercially unfair to Joe.

369 Similarly, on the facts of the present case, the 4th to 7th Defendants
should not be faulted for the speed at which the Rights Issue was carried out.
As I highlighted earlier, by January 2018 AIQ had already failed to pay staff
salaries for the month of January, and its bank balance stood at less than
$5,000. All attempts to persuade Joe and GSS to agree on a new funding
arrangement and/or to raise a bridging loan from shareholders had failed.
There was thus good reason for the Rights Issue being carried out swiftly to
raise funds for AIQ. In this connection, it may be noted that in Swee Wan, Hoo
J also rejected the minority shareholder’s complaints about the “short notice”
given of the rights issue as she found that there was a genuine reason for
urgency in that case.

(II) Not allowing Joe to set off his convertible loans with the shares issued
under the Rights Issue

370 Next, the Plaintiffs argued that the Rights Issue was oppressive because:

(a) GSS was permitted to and did subscribe to the Rights Issue by setting off
part of the loans owed by AIQ to GSS, whereas Joe was not allowed to do so.
342

##### Foot Note 342

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 45(2).

(b) The 4th to 7th Defendants did not accede to Joe’s request on 5 March 2018
to convert his loans to equity. Even if GSS had not asked for it, there should
have been no issue accepting Joe’s proposal since it would have had the effect
of reducing AIQ’s overall liabilities and would also have helped to maintain
the status quo in terms of shareholding allocation between Joe and GSS. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 177; 6ABOD at p 472.

371 I found the above submissions to be baseless and misleading. First, the
objective evidence available showed that GSS had not in fact been permitted to
subscribe to the Rights Issue by way of set-off against his loans to AIQ. The
Plaintiffs have not produced any scrap of evidence to substantiate their
claim. At one point, the Plaintiffs alleged that a debt of $302,400 from GSS
to AIQ dated 14 February 2018 was used to set off the amount payable for his
subscription to shares in the Rights Issue which was supposed to close on 23
February 2018. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

6ABOD at p 372.

However, this allegation was completely baseless. On the evidence before me,
there was no “set-off”: the sum of $302,400 from GSS to AIQ was always
intended to be payment for GSS’ subscription for shares in the Rights Issue;
and the only reason why the monies came in before the close of the Rights
Issue was because Kian Wai had requested early payment from GSS in order to
allow the company to pay its staff their overdue salaries before the Lunar New
Year: see eg the email exchange between Kian Wai and GSS dated 13 February
2018 showing Kian Wai’s request for early payment to meet AIQ’s January
payroll for its staff, 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 96; 6ABOD at p 364-366; 4th-7th Df
Closing Submissions at para 97; Transcript of 22 August 2022 at p 40 ln 4 to p
41 ln 10.

and GSS’ accommodation of the request.

372 As for the Plaintiffs’ argument that the 4th to 7th Defendants’ refusal to
allow Joe’s 5 March 2018 request to convert his loans to equity constituted
oppression of his rights, I also rejected this argument as being equally
baseless. What the Plaintiffs were really saying was that although Joe himself
had elected not to participate in the Rights Issue, the 4th to 7th Defendants
should nevertheless have let him convert his existing loans to equity, 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

6ABOD at p 472-473.

so as to allow him to “equalise” his shareholding vis-à-vis GSS’ increased
shareholding. This argument was obviously premised on the assumption that Joe
had the right under the alleged Understanding and Agreement not to have his
shareholding diluted (as an implied term of the Understanding and Agreement)
(at [208] above). Absent the Understanding and Agreement, there was no basis
for any expectation on Joe’s part that he should be allowed to “equalise” his
shareholding with GSS, in the event GSS increased his stake by participating
in the Rights Issue when Joe did not do so. I add that based on the
contemporaneous documentary evidence, Joe was in fact afforded an equal
opportunity during the launch of the Rights Issue to subscribe for new shares
in AIQ in proportion with his shareholding. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

6ABOD at p 212.

Had he chosen to do so, his shareholding in AIQ would not have been diluted.

373 Finally, it should be pointed out that Joe’s request on 5 March 2018 to
convert his loans to equity ran contrary to the very objective of the Rights
Issue. The whole point of the Rights Issue was to raise fresh capital for AIQ.
By the time the Rights Issue was launched, AIQ was already in a parlous
financial position. It was challenging, to say the least, to get investors to
risk more of their money by injecting fresh capital into the company. If the
4th to 7th Defendants had allowed Joe to convert his loans into equity, there
was nothing to prevent GSS or any other shareholders from demanding the same
treatment the next time AIQ tried to raise funds through another rights issue.

(III) Total amount of the Rights Issue being only $302,400, which would have
only lasted AIQ for slightly more than a month

374 Next, the Plaintiffs took issue with the fact that the Rights Issue raised
only $302,400. According to the Plaintiffs, this amount would have lasted AIQ
for about a month 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 167(h); Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 28 ln
21 to ln 23.

; and further rights issues would then be needed to raise more funds –
something GSS and Kian Wai had confirmed under cross-examination. The
Plaintiffs’ position appeared to be that since the Rights Issue had produced a
less than stellar result in terms of the amount raised, this proved that the
Defendants’ intention all along in conducting the Rights Issue must have been
to dilute Joe’s shareholding rather than to raise funds.

375 I did not find any merit in the above argument. A less than ideal result
in terms of the amount raised by the Rights Issue could not per se suggest a
dominant intention on the 4th to 7th Defendants’ part to dilute Joe’s
shareholding. Regard must be had to all the other surrounding circumstances.
These include inter alia the reasons for the rights issue; whether there were
other fundraising options explored before the launch of the rights issue; and
whether there were steps taken to incentivise shareholders to participate in
the rights issue. AIQ’s management had the responsibility inter alia to ensure
sufficient commercial reason to launch a rights issue, decide on an
appropriate price, and carry out the rights issue in a proper manner. Whether
or not the rights issue would ultimately be successful in achieving the
objective of raising funds was something far out of the control of management.

376 Further and in any event, it made no sense for the Plaintiffs to cavil at
the less than stellar result of the Rights Issue. Had the Rights Issue been
much more successful and raised more money, Joe’s shareholding in AIQ would
have been diluted to an even greater extent. As Hoo J observed in Swee Wan,
YTP’s argument that the rights issue in that case was wrongly-priced and that
it could have been set at below book value was a double-edged sword: more
shares would have to be issued to raise the same amount of funds, resulting in
an even more serious dilution of YTP’s shareholding. The same reasoning
applied in the present case vis-à-vis Joe.

(IV) Low price of the rights issue and lack of independent valuer

377 In addition to complaining about the speed at which the Rights Issue was
purported conducted, the Plaintiffs contended that the “heavily discounted
price” of the Rights Issue and the lack of a valuation by an independent
valuer also demonstrated a dominant intention on the Defendants’ part to
dilute his shareholding. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 179(b); Transcript of 22 August 2022 at p 35 ln
12 to ln 19; Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 130 ln 14 to ln 17; Transcript
of 26 August 2022 at p 111 ln 4 to ln 9; Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 97
ln 10 to ln 19.

378 As Hoo J pointed out in Swee Wan, a lack of any serious attempt to
ascertain the market value of shares does not per se demonstrate a lack of
good faith (at [116]). In the present case, AIQ’s urgent need for funds
necessitated prompt action in the conduct of the Rights Issue. In any case,
since a rights issue could generally be used to incentivise shareholders to
invest in the company (under the appropriate circumstances), it made sense
that management was able to dictate, to a certain extent, the price of such a
rights issue to create that incentive – independent of the market value of the
shares.

379 As Chua JC observed in The Wellness Group (at [194]), in a scenario where
there is a commercial reason for a rights issue, it “would not be wrong for a
majority shareholder to expect all shareholders to subscribe to the rights
issue”, or to “price the rights issue low so that shareholders will be
incentivised to subscribe in order to avoid the dilutive effect of not
subscribing”. In the present case, it must be remembered that all through 2017
up until the launch of the Rights Issue, Joe and GSS had been the two primary
funders of AIQ through convertible loans. The other shareholders, who
collectively held around 30.92% of AIQ’s shareholding 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 41.

did not in any way contribute to AIQ’s funding during this period. It must
also be remembered that AIQ had been a loss-making venture since its
incorporation in 2014. The approximate total losses of AIQ, from incorporation
up to end-FY 2019, amounted to around $25,870,069. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 10.

This meant that Joe and GSS, as the sole funders of AIQ, had been the only two
shareholders taking on the significant risk of losing the funds that they had
been injecting into AIQ since the start of 2017 – while the other shareholders
got to enjoy the benefits of their funding. Since by January 2018 Joe and GSS
were no longer willing to fund the company, the only alternative left to the
4th to 7th Defendants was to raise funds from all shareholders through a
rights issue, such that instead of having only one or two shareholders bear
all the risk of funding AIQ, all shareholders would now be expected to do so
equally in proportion to their stake in AIQ. In these circumstances, it was
reasonable for the 4th to 7th Defendants to expect all shareholders (including
the other 30.92% who had not been funding the company) to fund AIQ via
subscription, and to seek to incentivise them to do so in order to avoid being
diluted.

380 Following from this, given AIQ’s urgent need for funds, it was also
reasonable for the 4th to 7th Defendants to price the Rights Issue at a low
price, so as to make it more attractive for shareholders to subscribe to the
shares.

381 The Plaintiffs also complained that at a price of 28 cents a share, if the
Rights Issue had been fully subscribed, this would have resulted in each AIQ
share having a valuation of $1.1626, as compared to a pre-Rights Issue
valuation of $9.106 per share. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 179(c)(iii).

Further, as GSS ultimately subscribed to only a limited number of shares, the
Plaintiffs claimed that he must have calculated the specific number of shares
he needed to acquire a majority stake of 50.04%, and that this behaviour
demonstrated that the Rights Issue was really a cheap way for GSS to acquire
majority control at Joe’s expense. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 179(c)(iv).

382 Again, I found no merit in the Plaintiff’s argument. If Joe had truly
believed that the price of 28 cents per share represented a “heavy discount”,
it would have occurred to him that this was a “cheap way” for him to acquire
more AIQ shares. If the price was a bargain for GSS, it would have been a
bargain for Joe as well. Both men were offered the same subscription price;
both had the same opportunity to prevent their shareholding in AIQ from being
diluted and even to expand their stake by taking up shares left by non-
subscribing shareholders.

383 In my view, the important question here was whether Joe could have
participated in the Rights Issue. Tellingly, in cross-examination, Joe
conceded that if he “wanted to subscribe for the shares [he] could”. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 88 ln 5-10.

Although Joe claimed that he chose not to do so because “if [he] were to put a
cheque in, what was to stop it being used to pay back GSS immediately or be
diverted into TCP?”, essentially saying that he felt he “had no control
whatsoever” 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 87 ln 23 to p 88 ln 3.

, I found his purported explanation to be glib and wholly baseless. The
documentation for the Rights Issue expressly specified that it was to “address
AIQ’s operational needs and for repayment of the interim bridging loan(s) to
AIQ obtained after 29 January 2018 and covering the period between 30 January
2018 to 30 April 2018 and for no other purposes”. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

6ABOD at p 371-372.

The Plaintiffs have not explained how – in the face of the clear documentation
– the funds raised by the Rights Issue could nevertheless have been “used to
pay back GSS immediately or… diverted into TCP”. Indeed, having heard Joe’s
testimony, it was plain that he had elected not to subscribe to the Rights
Issue because he “did not want to put any more money into AIQ for [his] own
reasons”. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 88 ln 11 to ln 17.

Since it was his “decision not to subscribe” to the Rights Issue, 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 88 ln 8 to ln 12.

he should not thereafter be heard to complain about his shareholding having
been diluted. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 99-100.

384 As for the Plaintiffs’ complaint that GSS only subscribed for just enough
shares to bring his AIQ shareholding up to 50.04%, this too was misconceived.
It must be remembered that GSS was by then the only shareholder willing to
risk putting more of his funds into AIQ – and this was in spite of the other
shareholders’ refusal to risk more of their money, and in spite of AIQ not
having once turned a profit up to that stage. In such circumstances, there was
simply no ground on which to fault GSS for deciding to subscribe only to a
limited number of shares after evaluating the risks and benefits of continued
investment.

(V) Final version of offer letter was not the same as the version that was
approved by the board

385 Next, the Plaintiffs complained that the final version of the invitation
letter in respect of the Rights Issue was not worded in exactly the same terms
as the draft invitation letter approved by the board. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 167(j); 1ABOD at p 384-385; 11ABOD at p
731-732.

Their complaint centred on the addition of some words in one of the clauses in
the letter. By way of comparison, the relevant clause in the draft approved by
the board read as follows:

To address AIQ’s operational needs and purposes and for repayment of the
interim bridging loan(s) to AIQ and for no other purposes.

The clause in the final version which was sent out read as follows:

To address AIQ’s operational needs and purposes and for repayment of the
interim bridging loan(s) to AIQ obtained after 29 January 2018 and covering
the period between 30 January 2018 to 30 April 2018 and for no other purposes.

[emphasis added]

386 According to the Plaintiffs, the additional words were meant to ensure
that Joe’s previous convertible loans pre-29 January 2018 could not be used to
set-off against the subscription amounts payable for the Rights Issue. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 166(b).

387 To borrow the words of Prakash J (as she then was) in Sharikat (at [89]),
this was an argument which was “excessively technical in the circumstances of
the case”. First, there was never any interim bridging loan given to AIQ, as
GSS and Joe could not come to an agreement to provide such a facility to AIQ.
362

##### Foot Note 362

×

6ABOD at p 145-148 and p 203-204.

In other words, in substance, there was no practical difference between the
two clauses since there were no interim bridging loans in existence for the
time period specified in the new clause. Second, the Plaintiffs have tried to
argue that the italicised words in the new clause were added by the 4th to 7th
Defendants in order to preclude Joe from subscribing to the Rights Issue by
setting off his previous convertible loans against the subscription price.
This was a specious argument. Even if the italicised words had not been added,
Joe would still not have been able to subscribe to the Rights Issue by setting
off his loans to AIQ. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 166.

As I explained earlier (at [373] above), it would have made no sense for the
4th to 7th Defendants to permit such a set-off because allowing such a set-off
would have defeated the objective of the Rights Issue; ie, to raise fresh
capital to pay overdue salaries and other pressing expenses.

(VI) The 3rd to 7th Defendants knew that Joe would not participate in the
Rights Issue

388 Next, the Plaintiffs argued that another indicator of there having been a
dominant intention to dilute Joe’s shareholding was the 3rd to 7th Defendants’
purported knowledge that Joe would not participate in the Rights Issue.
According to the Plaintiffs, the Defendants had implemented a strategy (which
the Plaintiffs termed the “Incapacitation Strategy” in their closing
submissions) to put pressure on Joe in order to incapacitate him from
participating in the Rights Issue. The Plaintiffs also argued that the
Defendants knew Joe was very unlikely to participate in the Rights Issue since
it would have provided funding for only a short period, after which Joe would
still have been asked to fund the company together with GSS on a 1:2.42 basis.
364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 167(b).

389 The 3rd to 7th Defendants took issue with the second argument, on the
basis that this argument was never part of the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 47 ln 7 to ln 18.

Such an allegation was only raised by the Plaintiffs for the first time when
GSS took the witness stand on the second last day of trial. This meant that
not only was the allegation never put to the 4th to 7th Defendants who had
already given evidence by then, counsel for the Defendants had no opportunity
to cross-examine Joe about this allegation. I did not think there could be any
sensible objection to the Defendants’ assertion that they would be seriously
prejudiced if the Plaintiffs were permitted to carry on with this line of
argument. Further and in any event, as I pointed out to counsel for the
Plaintiffs in the course of the trial 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 40 ln 20 to ln 25.

, the belated allegation that Joe knew AIQ would have needed further rights
issues for further funding in the near future actually contradicted the
Plaintiffs’ pleaded position, which was that AIQ was not in urgent need of
funds, and that there was no basis for the Rights Issue. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 45(5); AEIC of 1st Pf at para 118.

390 For these reasons, I held that the Plaintiffs should not be permitted to
run this argument. I next address their argument about the Incapacitation
Strategy.

(VII) The Incapacitation strategy and The emails relating to ousting Joe from
AIQ

391 In gist, the Plaintiffs claimed that as at January 2018, there was an
“Incapacitation Strategy” in play, as proposed by Kian Wai in his email of 18
January 2018 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

6ABOD at p 130-132.

. The aim of this strategy, according to the Plaintiffs, was to incapacitate
Joe from participating in the Rights Issue by putting pressure on him through
the audit issues and through the threat of potential criminal charges of
breach of trust. The Plaintiffs claimed that per Kian Wai’s 18 January 2018
email, this Incapacitation Strategy as was as follows:

…

Thus, my proposed sequence of events will be:

1) Secure the interim loan

2) Send legal notice to Joe on resolution of 2.7mil issue – (at the same time
informing the other shareholders of the serious breach)

3) JLC to pressure Tito (Joe’s lawyer to drop the challenge)

4) Once we have a solid position, mount a rights issue to redeem the 1 mil
loan (thus technically if you loan 1mil, it will be converted into equity if
no other shareholder participate) – we will work out a valuation whereby you
will have slight controlling rights at first (minimum dilution to the rest).

5) With the 1st rights completed in an urgent fashion, mount another rights
issue in 4 months time and fully dilute the rest of the shareholders and Joe
if they do not participate or get a private placement to new shareholders
citing lack of interest from 1st rights issue from other shareholders.

The proceeds from the 2nd rights can then be used to repay your previous
convertible loans.

…

392 According to the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, the 3rd to 7th
Defendants had all endorsed the Incapacitation Strategy with the objective of
diluting Joe’s AIQ shareholding and exiting him from the company. 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 170.

393 In his reply submissions, GSS objected to the Plaintiffs’ case theory
about the “Incapacitation Strategy” on the basis that this was neither pleaded
nor even mentioned in Joe’s AEIC. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

3rd Df Reply Submissions at paras 27-29; SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 45; AEIC
of 1st Pf at paras 118-120.

In any event, according to GSS, even assuming the Defendants had conceived
this “Incapacitation Strategy”, it was plainly never put in play because on
the undisputed evidence before the court, the very first step of this supposed
strategy was never implemented, and indeed, was incapable of implementation.
371

##### Foot Note 371

×

3rd Df Reply Submissions at para 30.

The 3rd to 7th Defendants also reiterated that there was never a “dominant
intention” to dilute Joe’s shareholding using the Rights Issue. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

3rd Df Reply Submissions at para 31; 6ABOD at p 129-130; 4-7DBOD (vol.7) at p
32-34; 4th-7th Df Reply Submissions at para 31; Transcript of 24 August 2022
at p 155 ln 16 to p 157 ln 10.

(a) Failure of the Plaintiffs in bringing up allegations of the Incapacitation
Strategy in their pleadings

394 Regrettably, the Plaintiffs’ entire case theory about the “Incapacitation
Strategy” was only brought up for the first time during the cross-examination
of the 3rd to 7th Defendants, after Joe had already completed his evidence.
This was despite the Plaintiffs having previously engaged in two rounds of
substantive amendments to their statement of claim. Once again, therefore, the
3rd to 7th Defendants were taken by surprise by the belated shifts in the
Plaintiffs’ case; and once again, they were deprived of the opportunity to
cross-examine Joe on something which emerged in the Plaintiffs’ closing
submissions as a material aspect of their case.

395 This state of affairs contravened the basic tenet of the law of pleadings,
which seeks to prevent surprises at trial by obliging parties to define in
their pleadings the key aspects of their case, the material facts in support
thereof, and the issues in dispute between the parties (Lu Bang Song at [17];
UJT v UJR at [48]). The Plaintiffs’ failure – not for the first time – to
plead a material aspect of their case was seriously prejudicial to the 3rd to
7th Defendants’ conduct of their defence.

396 For the reasons set out above, therefore, I held that the Plaintiffs
should not be permitted to pursue their case theory on the Incapacitation
Strategy.

397 I add that even if I was wrong in so holding, I would in any event have
found the Plaintiffs’ allegation about the Incapacitation Strategy to be
baseless. In the interests of completeness, I explain my evaluation of the
evidence relied on by the Plaintiffs in support of their allegation.

(b) Whether the 3rd to 7th Defendants agreed to the Incapacitation Strategy to
dilute Joe’s shareholding during the Rights Issue

398 To recap, the Plaintiffs’ case theory as to the Incapacitation Strategy
was that the 3rd to 7th Defendants devised a strategy to use the audit issues
as a means of impeding Joe’s ability to participate in the Rights Issue, and
that they successfully put this strategy into motion. As a starting point,
since the Plaintiffs were the ones who were alleging that the Defendants had
developed the Incapacitation Strategy in order to incapacitate Joe from
participating in the Rights Issue and thus ensure the dilution of his
shareholding, the burden lay on the Plaintiffs to prove this allegation on a
balance of probabilities (Britestone at [58] and SCT Technologies at [17]).

399 In attempting to prove their case, the Plaintiffs relied on a series of
emails between the 3rd to 7th Defendants in the period between December 2017
and February 2018, with particular emphasis on Kian Wai’s email of 18 January
2018 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

6ABOD at p 130-132

(where he was said to have laid out the five-step Incapacitation Strategy), as
well as GSS’ email on the same date apparently agreeing to the proposed five-
step strategy. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

6ABOD at p 129-130.

According to the Plaintiffs, these emails showed that the 3rd to 7th
Defendants intended to dilute Joe’s shareholding by using the audit issues to
put pressure on him and thereby hamper or incapacitate his capacity to
participate in the Rights Issue.

400 Having examined the emails as well as the Defendants’ testimony regarding
the contents of those emails, I found that the evidence was far more ambiguous
than the Plaintiffs tried to make out – and that ultimately, such evidence was
simply insufficient to prove the Plaintiffs’ case theory about the Defendants’
use of the Incapacitation Strategy.

(i) Kian Wai’s evidence

401 The relevant parts of Kian Wai’s 18 January 2018 email have been
reproduced earlier (at [391] above). In cross-examination, Kian Wai agreed
that the suggestion to use audit issues to pressure Joe and to incapacitate
Joe’s “ability to participate in the rights issue” was “[his] proposal in that
email”. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 60 ln 19 to p 61 ln 5.

However, contrary to the Plaintiffs’ assertion, 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 152(d).

Kian Wai did not admit or confirm that the five-step strategy set out in his
email was endorsed or approved by Leslie, Marcus, Jeffrey and GSS.

402 First, Kian Wai testified that his use of the phrase “our position” did
not refer to the “collective position of AIQ and GSS” 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 61 ln 19 to p 62 ln 7.

. Instead, Kian Wai clarified that the 4th to 7th Defendants’ position was “to
go after the audit issue and to resolve the audit issue”. Essentially, the 4th
to 7th Defendants wanted to resolve and close the audit issues raised by the
auditor to discharge their duties as directors. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 61 ln 23 to p 62 ln 7.

Kian Wai testified that the suggestion to “remove Joe out of the equation”
referred to removing Joe as a director and not as a shareholder. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 63 ln 24 to p 64 ln 6.

Kian Wai’s evidence was that there were “outstanding audit issues that Joe has
to address” and that Joe would be given “the opportunity to explain and to
substantiate”. Only in the event that the audit issues were not dealt with to
the satisfaction of the auditor would the 4th to 7th Defendants then “decide
the next course of action” (presumably to remove Joe as a director). 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 66 ln 6 to p 67 ln 11.

403 Second, Kian Wai testified that in carrying out the Rights Issue, the 4th
to 7th Defendants wanted to “understand Joe’s position on the company”, and
that was why he was given the same terms as all the other shareholders. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 70 ln 4 to ln 19.

From this, I understood Kian Wai to mean that the 4th to 7th Defendants wanted
to see if Joe would actually demonstrate his commitment to the company by
participating in the Rights Issue. This suggested that the 4th to 7th
Defendants were not looking to incapacitate Joe from participating in any
rights issue to be held.

404 Third, and following from the previous point, Kian Wai testified that
prior to the Rights Issue being launched, he had met with Joe and Marcus on 26
January 2018. At that meeting, Kian Wai had discussed “various scenarios with
[Joe] on his participation in the rights issue”, and at Joe’s request, he had
run through “a few scenario[s]” with Joe. This involved Joe asking Kian Wai
“to help [Joe] calculate or compute what will happen if he subscribes to a
certain number of shares and what his percentage will be after the rights
issue”. 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

Transcript of 24 August 2022 at p 155 ln 10 to p 157 ln 14.

Kian Wai’s testimony was corroborated by his contemporaneous email to Joe on
26 January 2018 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

6ABOD at p 183-185.

in which he summarised the discussion which he, Joe and Marcus had engaged in
during their meeting. It should be noted that Joe did not respond to Kian
Wai’s email to retort that there had been no earlier conversation in which
they had run “several scenarios”, nor had he given Kian Wai any “instructions”
on these scenarios – which one would have expected him to do had he been
seeing this information for the first time in Kian Wai’s email. This evidence
demonstrated that rather than trying to prevent Joe from participating in the
Rights Issue, the 4th to 7th Defendants (or at the very least Kian Wai and
Marcus), were hopeful that Joe would participate in the Rights Issue – and
that was why they met with Joe to discuss the Rights Issue with him and to
“run” various scenarios for him.

405 Taken in totality, therefore, Kian Wai’s evidence appeared to me to be of
little, if any, assistance to the Plaintiffs.

406 Further, there was no evidence to show that the 3rd to 7th Defendants took
any steps to execute Kian Wai’s proposed five-step strategy. According to Kian
Wai’s “sequence of events”, steps 1 to 3 had to be completed first before step
4 (ie the launch of the first rights issue for GSS to obtain “slight
controlling rights”) could be initiated. There was no dispute that step 1 – ie
the securing of an interim loan before the launch of the Rights Issue – was
never executed. This would mean that the remaining steps of the supposed the
Incapacitation Strategy could not have been executed either – contrary to the
Plaintiffs’ contention.

407 Apart from there having been no interim loan secured before the launch of
the Rights Issue, there was also no evidence of the 3rd to 7th Defendants
having used the outstanding audit issues to pile pressure on Joe in the lead-
up to and during the period of the Rights Issue. Nothing was said in Joe’s
email of 31 January 2018, 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

6ABOD at p 238-243.

or in the ensuing email exchange between him and the 4th to 7th Defendants 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

6ABOD at p 276-280, p 295-302.

about the latter pressuring or chasing or badgering him about the audit issues
and/or about their mounting a criminal case against him based on these audit
issues. Although in their closing submissions, the Plaintiffs characterised
Marcus’ email reply of 4 February 2018 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

6ABOD at p 276-280; Pf Closing Submissions at para 167(e).

as another attempt by the 4th to 7th Defendants to “push” Joe on the audit
issues, this characterisation of Marcus’ email was both inaccurate and
misleading. It was Joe himself who brought up the audit issues in his email of
31 January 2018, who (metaphorically) wrung his hands over the impact of these
audit issues on AIQ’s accounts and on the ownership/commercialisation of IP
assets, and who insinuated that the 4th to 7th Defendants had tried to hide
these audit issues from the shareholders when launching the Rights Issue.
Given the contents of Joe’s own email, it was reasonable – indeed, necessary –
for Marcus to respond by pointing out inter alia that Joe had no reason to
complain about the audit issues since they arose from transactions only he had
personal knowledge of.

408 Significantly, despite the Plaintiffs’ contention that the Defendants were
really plotting to pile the pressure on him prior to the Rights Issue, no
police report was made by the 4th to 7th Defendants against Joe in the lead-up
to – and during the period of – the Rights Issue. The report to the Police
Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) was lodged on 30 August 2018, 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

8ABOD at p 225.

some six months after the Rights Issue.

409 The objective evidence – including Joe’s own emails – thus painted a very
different picture from the one the Plaintiffs belatedly attempted to put
forward in their closing submissions.

(ii) GSS’ evidence

410 Turning to GSS’ evidence, while he did apparently reply to Kian Wai on 18
January 2018 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

6ABOD at pp 129-130.

to state that he agreed to proceed with Kian Wai’s proposal, he also made it
clear that his agreement was conditional upon the 4th to 7th Defendants being
able to “persuade Joe that it is also in his interests to keep AIQ going for a
few more months whilst we [sort] out the current problems” and on Joe agreeing
“to the interim funding” (ie step 1 in Kian Wai’s five-step sequence). The
condition precedent stipulated by GSS obviously did not materialise.

411 Many of GSS’ other emails also indicated that GSS did not intend to
incapacitate Joe from participating in the Rights Issue. For example, prior to
the Rights Issue being launched, GSS had suggested to Marcus that the key to a
rights issue was to “give a huge discount to encourage all minority
shareholders to exercise their rights or be severely diluted”. 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

6ABOD at p 63.

In other words, GSS was focused on flushing out those minority shareholders
who had up until then shown no inclination to contribute to funding AIQ –
unlike Joe and GSS himself. GSS did not mention specifically making Joe the
target of dilution. If anything, he appeared to have assumed that Joe would
participate in a rights issue; and in an email to Kian Wai on 13 February
2018, he expressed surprise when he found out that he was the only subscriber
in the Rights Issue: 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

6ABOD at p 365.

Hi Kian Wai,

I am surprised I am the only subscriber.

…

Considering that GSS was at that point replying to an email which Kian Wai had
addressed only to him and Marcus, I did not think GSS’ surprise was feigned.

412 GSS’ emails to the 4th to 7th Defendants post-18 January 2018 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

6ABOD at pp 272-273.

also indicated that even before the Rights Issue was launched on 30 January
2018, GSS’ concerns had shifted to the larger objective of getting Joe out of
AIQ and eventually Singapore, by lodging complaints to the authorities about
Joe. For instance, GSS suggested that complaints would have to be lodged
“against [Joe] in the way he runs the company as Executive Chairman”. This was
quite different from what the Plaintiffs characterised as the Incapacitation
Strategy, which involved using the audit issues to put pressure on Joe and
thereby hamper his capacity to participate in the Rights Issue.

413 Although in cross-examination GSS apparently agreed that he did proceed
with Kian Wai’s proposed five-step strategy, this was on the basis that he had
made payment for the shares taken up in the Rights Issue in lieu of providing
an interim loan to AIQ. Following the launch of the Rights Issue on 30 January
2018, GSS had – at Kian Wai’s request – made early payment for his share
subscription on 13 February 2018. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 90 ln 9 to p 91 ln 1.

Two points need to be made about this. First, this early payment by GSS on 13
February 2018 for his share subscription could not have been part of Kian
Wai’s proposed five-step strategy, because Kian Wai’s proposed five-step
strategy had called for interim loans to be secured for AIQ before the launch
of the Rights Issue, so as (inter alia) to provide the 4th to 7th Defendants
with funds to continue investigating the audit issues and piling legal
pressure on Joe regarding those issues. Second, as I noted earlier, there was
nothing sinister about this early payment by GSS for his share subscription:
as Kian Wai explained, the Rights Issue was intended to raise the funds
required for the urgent payment of operational expenses including overdue
staff salaries. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

6ABOD at p 354-366; Transcript of 23 August 2022 at p 151 ln 2 to p 152 ln 9.

(iii) Leslie’s evidence

414 As for Leslie’s evidence, it was clear that he too did not endorse Kian
Wai’s Incapacitation Strategy. While Leslie had expressed the view that Joe
would be disinclined to participate in the Rights Issue because of the
potential “CBT issues” he was facing, 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

Transcript of 22 August 2022 at p 11 ln 10 to p 12 ln 7.

at that juncture the 4th to 7th Defendants had not yet conducted the Special
Audit Report and did not know that Joe was indeed “guilty”. The 4th to 7th
Defendants’ intention, therefore, was to go ahead with the Rights Issue; and
from their perspective, if Joe was innocent and had nothing to fear, he would
probably participate in the Rights Issue; whereas if he did not participate,
it would probably indicate that something was amiss. 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

Transcript of 22 August 2022 at p 11 ln 16 to p 12 ln 7.

Leslie’s evidence thus did not support the case theory that the 3rd to 7th
Defendants had plotted to use the audit issues to mount a criminal case
against Joe so as to pressure him and incapacitate him from participating in
the Rights Issue. If anything, Leslie’s evidence indicated that the 4th to 7th
Defendants were waiting to see how Joe would respond to the Rights Issue as
they believed that his response would be an indication of guilt – or lack
thereof – in relation to the audit issues. 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

Transcript of 22 August 2022 at p 16 ln 6 to p 18 ln 5.

(iv) Jeffrey’s evidence

415 Jeffrey too denied endorsing the Incapacitation Strategy. When asked about
the statement in Kian Wai’s email of 18 January 2018 that “[i]n order for any
rights issue to be implemented we need to first address Joe’s potential CBT
issue and then incapacitate his ability to participate”, Jeffrey disagreed
that the CBT issue was to “be used to incapacitate [Joe’s] ability to
participate in” the Rights Issue. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 94 ln 11 to p 94 ln 1.

Jeffrey testified that the sole objective of the 4th to 7th Defendants was to
get funding for AIQ, which was difficult because “no one wanted to fund the
company if [they] don’t have clean books” – the remark “clean books” being
apparently a reference to AIQ’s inability to close its accounts due to the
auditors’ unanswered queries about previous transactions. Further, according
to Jeffrey, earlier “disgruntled” investors had complained that they felt
“aggrieved and [cheated]”. 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 95 ln 4 to ln 16.

Ultimately, according to Jeffrey, the 4th to 7th Defendants “just wanted to
make sure the company could get funding and survive”. This was why they
launched the Rights Issue and hoped to encourage Joe to put money into the
company.

416 Jeffrey also testified that while the 4th to 7th Defendants hoped to keep
AIQ “as a going concern”, there was a “part feeling” amongst them that Joe
“just didn’t want to carry on this endeavour to bring this to life” 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 95 ln 13 to p 79 ln 6.

and that he “didn’t want to be part of the company”. 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 97 ln 22 to p 98 ln 17.

Jeffrey explained that it was in this context that he understood Kian Wai’s 18
January 2018 email: ie, that since Joe no longer seemed willing to keep the
company going, they (presumably the Defendants) and Joe “should separate and
not be partners anymore” 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 97 ln 7 to p 98 ln 17.

.

417 In gist, therefore, Jeffrey’s position was that at the time of launching
the Rights Issue, the 4th to 7th Defendants (other than Joe) were solely
focused on getting funds into AIQ to ensure its survival. Given this
overriding concern, clearing the audit issues became important, because no one
would want to fund AIQ if the company did not have “clean books”. It was in
this context that the 4th to 7th Defendants had to focus on dealing with the
audit issues.

(v) Marcus’ evidence

418 Finally Marcus denied that he and the other Directors (Leslie and Jeffrey)
had endorsed the Incapacitation Strategy. Marcus’ position was that “this
proposal was purely Kian Wai’s proposal to [GSS]”. Further, according to
Marcus, the “investigation process” which needed to be carried out was to
address the audit issues; and it was to be “done properly through an audit” so
as to “be fair to Joe”. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 167 ln 18 to p 169 ln 23.

When asked about Kian Wai’s evidence that “the board endorsed the strategy”,
Marcus’ evidence was that this was simply “a proposal that was put forward by
Kian Wai” and that “[the 4th to 7th Defendants’] first priority [was] to make
sure that [they] raise funds to settle the urgent funding prior to Chinese New
Year”; as far as Marcus was concerned, the board did not endorse the strategy.
403

##### Foot Note 403

×

Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 171 ln 21 to p 172 ln 14.

419 Marcus went on to agree broadly with Kian Wai’s testimony that Joe needed
to be removed as a director “because of those issues that he fails to answer”.
On his own part, Marcus had “formed the view that [they were] dealing with a
crook [ie, Joe] who [was] not being upfront with whatever that had happened”
and who was not forthcoming with information despite having been given time to
provide the information, and despite the auditors “chasing him for
information”. 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 172 ln 21 to p 173 ln 14.

This was why Marcus had formed the view that if the 4th to 7th Defendants’
suspicions about Joe were shown to be justified 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 173 ln 5 to ln 24.

, Joe needed to be removed as a director so that AIQ could move forward.

420 Marcus’ testimony thus pointed to the same things that Kian Wai's,
Leslie’s, and Jeffrey’s testimony did: ie that by January 2018, AIQ
desperately needed funds; that as part of the 4th to 7th Defendants’
fundraising efforts, they were concerned to settle the audit issues with Joe
which had been preventing the auditors from closing AIQ’s books; that the 4th
to 7th Defendants also believed Joe would eventually have to be removed from
the board in light of his failure to cooperate with the auditors; and that
notwithstanding the anxiety about the audit issues, there was no concerted
plan among the Defendants to use these issues to pressure Joe and thereby
incapacitate him from participating in the Rights Issue.

(vi) Conclusion on the Incapacitation Strategy

421 Looked at in totality, therefore, nothing in the Defendants’ emails and
testimony supported the Plaintiffs’ case theory about the Incapacitation
Strategy. In particular, nothing in the emails showed that the 3rd to 7th
Defendants had agreed upon and implemented a strategy to use the audit issues
as a means of incapacitating Joe’s capacity to participate in the Rights
Issue. In light of the reasons set out above (at [391]–[420]), therefore, even
if the Plaintiffs were to be allowed to advance their new case theory about
the 3rd to 7th Defendants’ “Incapacitation Strategy”, they could not muster
the evidence required to establish that case theory.

(VIII) Whether the dominant intention of the Rights Issue was to dilute Joe’s
AIQ shareholding

422 To recap: in their closing submissions, the Plaintiffs pointed to various
pieces of evidence in an attempt to persuade me that even if there was a
commercial reason for the Rights Issue (which they disputed), the 3rd to 7th
Defendants nevertheless had the dominant intention to use the Rights Issue to
dilute Joe’s shareholding. Having examined the evidence relied on by the
Plaintiffs, I found no merit in this argument and dismissed it accordingly.

Wrongful Exclusion of Joe from management of AIQ and TCP

423 The next instance of oppressive conduct cited by the Plaintiffs concerned
the alleged wrongful exclusion of Joe from the management of AIQ and TCP.

(1) Plaintiffs’ position

424 The Plaintiffs claimed that pursuant to the terms of the Understanding and
Agreement, Joe had a right to participate in the management of AIQ and TCP.
406

##### Foot Note 406

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19(3)-(4), 19(8); Pf Closing Submissions at para
184.

This was pleaded as an express term of the Understanding and Agreement but
subsequently alleged in the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions to be an implied
term instead. 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 219(a).

The Plaintiffs also complained that there were procedural irregularities in
the manner in which Joe was removed from the boards of AIQ and TCP. In respect
of AIQ, instead of passing an ordinary resolution to remove Joe from the board
under Article 73 of AIQ’s Constitution, 408

##### Foot Note 408

×

1ABOD at p 136.

the 3rd to 7th Defendants had put forward a resolution at an EGM on 28 May
2018 for the re-election of all Directors including Joe. This was contrary to
Article 70 of AIQ’s Constitution which provided that Directors were not to
retire by rotation. 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

1ABOD at p 136.

In respect of TCP, the AGM held on 29 March 2019 was said to be inquorate.
Article 51(2) of TCP’s Constitution provided that two members had to be
present in person to form a quorum, 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

1ABOD at p 213.

but out of the two shareholders of TCP (AIQ and Joe), Joe had absented
himself.

(2) 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

425 GSS took the position that Joe had simply failed to persuade the
shareholders to re-elect him at the 28 May 2018 EGM 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

7ABOD at p 31.

. GSS submitted this was understandable because there were concerns about
certain irregular transactions in 2014 and 2015 which Joe had been involved.
412

##### Foot Note 412

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at para 163.

(3) 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

426 As for the 4th to 7th Defendants, they submitted that as directors, they
had followed the advice of AIQ’s and TCP’s lawyers in the conduct of AIQ’s EGM
and TCP’s AGM, without any bad faith or improper motive; and they could not be
faulted for proceeding in accordance with the lawyers’ advice, even if that
advice subsequently proved incorrect. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 78.

Further, notwithstanding procedural irregularities, s 152(9) of the Companies
Act entitled AIQ to remove a director by ordinary resolution before the
expiration of his period of office, regardless of any agreement between the
director and AIQ. As such, there was nothing improper about Joe’s removal as a
director of AIQ. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 138-139.

(4) My Decision

427 As a starting point, even if there were procedural irregularities in the
manner in which Joe was removed from the AIQ and TCP boards, this did not
automatically lead to the conclusion that his removal was therefore
commercially unfair and oppressive of the Plaintiffs’ rights as minority
shareholder. As I noted earlier, not every instance of unlawful conduct is
unfair, just as not every instance of lawful conduct is fair (Lim Kok Wah at
[100] citing Over & Over at [85] and Re Saul at 19; see also Swee Wan at
[102]). From the earlier summary of caselaw in this area (at [145]–[158]
above), the authorities are clear that in order to discern whether there was
commercial unfairness, the court first has to consider what the measure of
fairness is. In this instance, the nub of the Plaintiffs’ complaint of
oppression in this instance was not simply that there were procedural
irregularities in Joe’s removal as a director per se. Rather, the nub of their
complaint was that Joe should never have been removed as a director, that he
had a right under the Understanding and Agreement to participate in the
management of both companies, and that his removal from the boards was a
violation of that right. 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 19(3)-(4), 19(8); Pf Closing Submissions at para
184.

428 In this connection, as I have found that there was no Understanding and
Agreement between Joe and GSS (at [290] above), it followed that there could
not have been any violation of Joe’s right to participate in the management of
both companies: he never had such a right to begin with.

429 Further and in any event, even leaving aside the Understanding and
Agreement, neither procedural irregularity complained of was as egregious as
the Plaintiffs tried to suggest. In respect of the alleged breach of Article
70 of AIQ’s Constitution, it should be pointed out that Joe could just as
easily have been removed by the 4th to 7th Defendants through a normal
resolution (by virtue of Article 73 of AIQ’s Constitution), which read as
follows: 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

1ABOD at p 136.

The company may by ordinary resolution remove any director before the
expiration of his period of office, and may by an ordinary resolution appoint
another person in his stead.

430 Moreover, given the circumstances in existence at the material time, there
was some basis for the 4th to 7th Defendants to be concerned about Joe’s prior
management of AIQ. In particular, Joe’s failure to give the company’s auditors
satisfactory answers on earlier transactions had led to the company being
unable to finalise its financial statements for FY 2014 and FY 2015. I deal
with the evidence in question in more detail at [449]–[456] below, but at this
juncture, it suffices for me to note that the 4th to 7th Defendants were not
without justification in removing Joe as a director. In this connection,
regard may be had to the decision in Swee Wan. In that case, the plaintiff YTP
had relied on his removal as director as one of the grounds for claiming
oppression. Hoo J found that YTP’s removal as director did in fact involve
breaches of several articles of the company’s constitution, including articles
which stipulated a specific procedure for the retirement of directors.
However, she held that these breaches were not so egregious as to render YTP’s
removal as director commercially unfair. In addition, she noted that two other
shareholders of the company had made allegations against YTP in the context of
court proceedings. In her view, whatever the merits of these allegations,
there was some basis for the other directors YTL and YCW to be concerned about
YTP’s prior management of the company, especially in terms of the financial
management. Accordingly, Hoo J did not find YTP’s removal as director to be
unjustified. I would apply a similar reasoning in the present case.

431 In respect of the alleged breach of Article 51(2) of TCP’s constitution,
Joe’s own position was that TCP was supposed to be a wholly owned subsidiary
of AIQ – and this was also borne out by the objective documentary evidence (at
[308]–[311] above). Joe himself failed to honour this agreement, in that he
failed to transfer his TCP shareholding to AIQ even though he held his TCP
shareholding on trust for AIQ. In the circumstances, Joe had no basis for
subsequently complaining about TCP proceeding with the 29 March 2019 AGM
despite his (Joe’s) refusal to attend the AGM.

The Special Audit Report

432 I next address the Plaintiffs’ claim of oppression vis-à-vis the Special
Audit Report.

(1) The Plaintiffs’ position

433 In gist, the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case was that the commissioning and
issuance of the Special Audit Report constituted an act of oppression by the
3rd to 7th Defendants because the “real motive” behind the Special Audit
Report was to cast aspersions on Joe before AIQ’s shareholders; 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 83.

to give the 3rd to 7th Defendants “ostensible justification” for wrongfully
causing AIQ to dispute repayment of Joe’s outstanding loans and salary. 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 84.

The Special Audit Report was said to be full of malicious, misleading,
groundless and inaccurate” allegations. 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 83.

In this connection, the Plaintiffs pointed to various emails between the 4th
to 7th Defendants and GSS in support of their case. These were mainly emails
which consisted of discussions about the Special Audit. 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

6ABOD at p 674-675, 778; 7ABOD at p 26, p 498-502.

434 In alleging that the commissioning and issuance of the Special Audit
Report constituted an act of oppression, the Plaintiffs also sought to find
fault with TRS Forensics’ conduct of the Special Audit 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 196-203.

The Plaintiffs complained inter alia about the following: (1) that the scope
of the Special Audit had been subsequently increased; 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at para 8 and p 40, 47.

(2) that TRS Forensics had not interviewed all relevant parties to the
transactions investigated; 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

12ABOD at p 28; Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 137 ln 4 to ln 18; Pf
Closing Submissions at para 200.

(3) that the CAD decided not to take any further action after receiving AIQ’s
police report; 424

##### Foot Note 424

×

8ABOD at p 225.

and (4) that the Special Audit Report failed to give an accurate picture of
the Share Transfer Deed. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 203.

(2) The 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

435 GSS did not make any submissions as to the issue of the Special Audit
Report.

(3) The 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

436 As for the 4th to 7th Defendants, they submitted that they were carrying
out their duties as directors in procuring a Special Audit; 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 167.

that they did not give misleading or inaccurate information to TRS Forensics;
427

##### Foot Note 427

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 158.

that the Plaintiffs had in the course of cross-examining TRS Forensics’ Mr Tan
failed to point out to him any of the alleged inaccuracies and/or gaps in the
Special Audit Report; 428

##### Foot Note 428

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 159; AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at paras
11-12, 15; 7ABOD at p 116-331, p 367-412.

and that the Plaintiffs had also omitted to put it to Mr Tan that he was
incompetent or negligent or biased in the preparation of the Special Audit
Report. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 159; AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at paras
11-12, 15; 7ABOD at p 116-331, p 367-412.

The 4th to 7th Defendants contended that Mr Tan’s unchallenged evidence showed
that TRS Forensics had acted independently, had not blindly followed the 4th
to 7th Defendants’ instructions, and had requested or obtained further
documents where it deemed necessary. 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 159; AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at paras
11-12, 15; 7ABOD at p 116-331, p 367-412.

(4) My Decision

437 In respect of the Special Audit Report, the Plaintiffs’ case appeared to
be that the element of commercial unfairness arose from the 4th to 7th
Defendants having breached their fiduciary duties by using the report for a
wrongful purpose. According to the Plaintiffs, the 4th to 7th Defendants
commissioned and issued the Special Audit Report in order to support GSS’
“objective” of disabling Joe from participating in the Rights Issue, by
preventing him from subscribing for the Rights Issue via a set-off of his
outstanding loans and salary. GSS’ agenda was also said to have included
damaging Joe’s business reputation and ultimately driving him out of the
companies and out of Singapore 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 84.

– all of which the 4th to 7th Defendants sought to help GSS achieve by
procuring a Special Audit Report filled with “malicious, misleading,
groundless and inaccurate” allegations against Joe. 432

##### Foot Note 432

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 83.

(A) Background facts relating to the Special Audit Report

438 I first set out the relevant facts which formed the background to the
Special Audit Report. The Special Audit report appeared to have been first
mooted by Kian Wai on 9 April 2018, when he suggested that the 4th to 7th
Defendants call for a special audit if Joe continued to fail to provide
satisfactory replies to the auditor. GSS was supportive of this idea. 433

##### Foot Note 433

×

6ABOD at p 674-675.

On 4 May 2018, Kian Wai updated the 4th to 7th Defendants and GSS that AIQ
shareholders were to be informed via an EGM that there was “an impasse on how
the accounts can be finalised and there are irregularities found”. As such, “a
special audit by another independent auditor [would] be appropriate if
approved by the members”. 434

##### Foot Note 434

×

6ABOD at p 778-779.

439 On 10 May 2018, Marcus sent out a notice of EGM which included inter alia
the proposed resolution that the re-elected AIQ board be given the authority
to “appoint an independent third-party to conduct a special audit to, inter
alia, review the accounts and transactions of the Company for the financial
years ending 31 December 2014 and 31 December 2015” and for the results of the
special audit to be shared with the shareholders. 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

1ABOD at p 413.

The EGM took place on 28 May 2018 where it was recorded that the resolution to
carry out the Special Audit and to inform the shareholders of the results of
the Special Audit was passed. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

1ABOD at p 440-442.

440 The Special Audit was carried out by TRS Forensics, which according to Mr
Tan, specialised in detecting financial crimes, corruption, cybersecurity
breaches and control lapses. 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at para 3.

Contact was first made with TRS Forensics on or around 8 May 2018 by AIQ’s
solicitors who reached out to TRS Forensics about potentially conducting a
special audit for AIQ. 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at para 5, p 18-19; 6ABOD at p 796-797.

According to Mr Tan, this was the first time that TRS Forensics had dealt with
AIQ – save that he knew Leslie prior to TRS’ engagement for the Special Audit.
This was because Leslie was previously the CEO of a former client of TRS
Forensics, and they shared some mutual friends. Notwithstanding this, Mr Tan
claimed that this relationship with Leslie did not in any way affect the
manner in which TRS Forensics carried out the Special Audit. In any case, TRS
Forensics’ main point of contact with AIQ for the Special Audit was Kian Wai,
and not Leslie. 439

##### Foot Note 439

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at para 9.

AIQ’s engagement of TRS Forensics was formalised by way of an engagement
letter signed by Kian Wai (on behalf of AIQ) on 27 June 2018. 440

##### Foot Note 440

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at para 6, p 37-54.

441 After the engagement was finalised, TRS Forensics proceeded with the
Special Audit. The initial scope of the Special Audit – as set out in the
letter of engagement dated 27 June 2018 – was to review transactions between
2014 and 2015 so that AIQ could move forward with its audit reports and
financial statements. This included in particular: 441

##### Foot Note 441

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at para 7, p 40.

(a) A review of the nature and accounting classification of the Medical
Application Purchase. This application was supposedly sold by AIQ to the
company called AFAR (a company in which Joe was both director and
shareholder), and then repurchased by AIQ;

(b) A review of the nature and extent of enhancements (if any) made to the
Medical Application that might justify its repurchase by AIQ for $3m; and

(c) A review of the authenticity of the consultancy agreement relied on by Joe
as the basis for his entitlement to a monthly consultancy fee of $50,000.

442 In this respect, the engagement letter with TRS Forensics made it clear
that whilst the Special Audit did involve the analysis of financial
information and accounting records, it did not “constitute an audit or an
audit related service in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards
or attestation standards”. Therefore, “no such assurance or opinion on the
adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls [would] be provided in [TRS
Forensics’] advice/report”.

443 On 11 July 2018, Kian Wai requested that TRS Forensics expand the scope of
its report to include the review of: 442

##### Foot Note 442

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at para 8.

(a) Transactions and flow of funds between Logovision Inc, Cinime Asia Pacific
Pte Ltd, Filmfunds Inc, Capital West Financial Partners Limited and AIQ; and

(b) Shareholdings (if any) held by Joe, whether directly or indirectly, in the
companies involved in the Special Audit investigation.

444 It is crucial to note that all the issues and transactions which TRS
Forensics was requested to review in the Special Audit had already been
flagged by AIQ’s auditors in the course of the company’s attempts to settle
its FY 2014 and FY 2015 financial statements. Joe had also been given numerous
opportunities to respond to the auditors on these issues. 443

##### Foot Note 443

×

6ABOD at p 250-259, 675-677.

To give some context on the various transactions investigated in the Special
Audit, I include a short summary of each transaction:

(a) Medical Application purchase: Sometime in 2014, AIQ received an aggregate
sum of around $500,000 from AFAR, purportedly as “payment of enhancement of
the medical app”. AIQ subsequently repurchased the Medical Application from
AFAR in 2015 for some $2.7m. 444

##### Foot Note 444

×

7ABOD at p 500.

At the material time, Joe was a director for AFAR, and he also became a
shareholder of AFAR in October 2015. 445

##### Foot Note 445

×

12ABOD at p 15-16 at para 3.4.

(b) Joe’s Consultancy Agreement: TRS Forensics was asked to verify the
authenticity of the Consultancy Agreement produced by Joe, which purported to
provide for him to be paid a total amount of about $2,250,000 by AIQ between 2
April 2014 and 31 December 2017. 446

##### Foot Note 446

×

7ABOD at p 501.

(c) Logovision Inc transaction (“Logovision Transaction”): Pursuant to an
agreement between AIQ and Logovision dated 14 April 2015, AIQ paid US$2.5m to
Logovision for the purported purchase of (inter alia) patents. These sums were
routed to the bank accounts of Carl Freer and his related entity. One of the
patents “purchased” turned out, inexplicably, to be the same patent which had
already been assigned by AIQ to IQNect Technology Limited in BVI on 6 April
2014. Carl Freer was also the chairman/founder of Logovision, but was still
working in AIQ in 2015. 447

##### Foot Note 447

×

7ABOD at p 501.

(d) Transactions with Cinime and Filmfunds (“Filmfunds Transaction”): AIQ
entered into an agreement whereby AIQ was to sell websites and technology to
Cinime for US$2m, with the same underlying websites and technology being
purchased from Filmfunds for US$2m. Carl Freer was a founder of Filmfunds. AIQ
was to pay the consideration of US$2m to Capital West, a related entity of
whom Joe and Carl Freer’s son Carl Johan were concurrently directors whilst
still directors of AIQ. Cinime’s financial records for FY 2013 showed that it
was running a loss for that year. No financial records could be found in ACRA
for FY2014 to show how Cinime had acquired the funds to purchase the websites
and technology from AIQ. 448

##### Foot Note 448

×

7ABOD at p 501.

445 The Special Audit Report was completed on 1 August 2018. 449

##### Foot Note 449

×

12ABOD at p 10.

In gist, the main findings of the report were as follows:

(a) Medical Application purchase: Although AFAR was supposed to have paid AIQ
$500,000 to enhance the source code for the Medical Application, the
individual to whom AIQ outsourced the work of enhancing the source code was
paid only US$20,250, and ended up enhancing less than 16% of the source code.
450

##### Foot Note 450

×

12ABOD at p 51 para 9.6.

Thereafter, AIQ repurchased the Medical Application from AFAR for around $2.7m
despite the Medical Application not having been developed further than a test
flight. 451

##### Foot Note 451

×

12ABOD at p 51 para 9.5.

Put simply, there did not appear to be any “enhancement” of the Medical
Application which could have justified its repurchase at such a high price.
Moreover, although Joe claimed that the transaction had been reversed and the
money refunded to AIQ, there was no evidence of any such refund having been
given. 452

##### Foot Note 452

×

7ABOD at p 500.

(b) Joe’s Consultancy Agreement: TRS Forensics found that both the consultancy
agreement and the employment contract furnished by Joe appeared to have been
created at a date subsequent to the date when they were supposed to have been
executed. The total amount purportedly due to Joe for the period covered by
these two documents came to about $2,250,000. 453

##### Foot Note 453

×

12ABOD at p 52 paras 9.7-9.9.

(c) Logovision Transaction: The monies paid by AIQ pursuant to the Logovision
Transaction were routed to the bank accounts of Carl Freer and his related
entity. One of the patents purchased was the same patent which had previously
been sold by AIQ to a third party. TRS Forensics could not ascertain how the
patent ended up with Logovision to be sold back to AIQ. From the documents
available, it appeared that the founder of Logovision was Carl Freer. 454

##### Foot Note 454

×

12ABOD at p 52 para 9.10.

(d) Filmfunds Transaction: There was no evidence to show how Cinime – which
had been running at a loss in FY 2014 – could have raised the funds to
purchase the websites and technology from AIQ. In addition, TRS Forensics
found that the agreement between Cinime and AIQ for Cinime to purchase the
websites and technology was dated 15 June 2015 – while the agreement between
AIQ and Filmfunds for the sale of the said assets to AIQ was dated 2016. This
was anomalous, since AIQ first needed to purchase the websites and technology
from Filmfunds before it could sell them to Cinime. Further, pursuant to its
agreement with Filmfunds, AIQ was required to pay US$2,000,000 to Capital
West, a company in which Joe and Carl Johan were concurrently directors whilst
still directors of AIQ. This payment was made in 2015. 455

##### Foot Note 455

×

12ABOD at p 52-53 at paras 9.11-9.13.

446 In light of the above findings, TRS Forensics concluded that “AIQ may wish
to seek legal advice” on whether Joe had “fulfilled” his Director’s “fiduciary
duties” and whether there was any “conflict of interest” by Joe and two other
named individuals since they had represented both AFAR and AIQ in business
transactions”. 456

##### Foot Note 456

×

12ABOD at p 53 para 9.15.

447 On 14 August 2018, the 4th to 7th Defendants released a summary of the
findings to all shareholders of AIQ. Kian Wai also informed all AIQ
shareholders that they would “update everyone on the next steps in due
course”. 457

##### Foot Note 457

×

7ABOD at p 498.

Kian Wai subsequently lodged a police report with the CAD on 30 August 2018.
458

##### Foot Note 458

×

8ABOD at p 225.

(B) Whether the Special Audit Report was oppressive to the Plaintiffs

448 As I noted at the outset, the Plaintiffs’ case was that the commercial
unfairness vis-à-vis the Special Audit Report arose from the 4th to 7th
Defendants having breached their fiduciary duties to AIQ by procuring a report
filled with “malicious, misleading, groundless and inaccurate” allegations to
support GSS’ agenda against Joe (at [437] above). I first consider therefore
whether the 4th to 7th Defendants had valid reasons for commissioning the
Special Audit Report.

(I) Whether the 4th to 7th Defendants had valid reasons to commission the
Special Audit Report

449 As I pointed out earlier, the transactions which TRS Forensics were asked
to investigate were transactions in which AIQ had previously paid out
considerable sums of money, or were transactions where AIQ was being asked to
pay out large sums. Documentation for these transactions was woefully lacking,
and the transactions were potentially tainted by conflicts of interests as
they involved payments to entities owned by parties who were at that time also
directors of AIQ. In the circumstances, it was clear that the 4th to 7th
Defendants had valid reasons to inquire into these transactions. This was all
the more so considering that these transactions had already been flagged by
AIQ’s auditors and were the reason why the financial statements for two
consecutive years could not be finalised. 459

##### Foot Note 459

×

6ABOD at p 674-677.

Joe had been given various opportunities to provide satisfactory answers to
AIQ’s auditors in relation to these transactions, but had failed to do so.

450 Not only was it clear that the 4th to 7th Defendants had valid reasons to
inquire into these transactions, it was also reasonable for them to have done
so by commissioning a Special Audit Report. Given that these transactions
appeared to have taken place before the 4th to 7th Defendants joined AIQ and
to have involved someone who continued to sit on the AIQ board (ie Joe), the
principled thing for the 4th to 7th Defendants to do was indeed to get an
independent third party to conduct an investigation into any potential
wrongdoing against AIQ.

451 It should also be remembered that there was a pressing need for the 4th to
7th Defendants to resolve the audit issues because these audit issues posed a
considerable impediment to the 4th to 7th Defendants’ ongoing fundraising
efforts. As Jeffrey highlighted during his testimony, “no one wanted to fund
the company if you don’t have clean books”. Earlier investors, who were
allegedly “disgruntled investors”, had also complained that they felt
“aggrieved and [cheated]”. 460

##### Foot Note 460

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 95 ln 4 to ln 16.

The importance of resolving the audit issues was even acknowledged by Joe
himself in a letter sent by his solicitors to the 4th to 7th Defendants on 31
January 2018. 461

##### Foot Note 461

×

6ABOD at p 238-243.

In laying out in the letter his objections to the Rights Issue, Joe alluded to
outstanding issues with the FY 2015 audit. According to Joe, these outstanding
FY 2015 audit issues impacted “the status of [AIQ’s] financial accounts as
well as ownership and/or commercialisation of existing intellectual property
rights”; and until these issues were resolved and the FY 2015 accounts signed
off, shareholders had to be kept “properly informed of these ongoing matters”.
I reproduce below the relevant portion of the letter:

B. Outstanding issues with the FY2015 audit of the Company

13\. As you are aware, there are several outstanding legacy issues with Mr.
Carl Freer for the FY2015 audit. I am working hard to resolve the same with
the auditors, Mr. Loo Kian Wai (“Mr. Loo”) and Mr. Marcus Tan (“Mr. Tan”).
These outstanding issues impact the status of the Company’s financial accounts
as well as ownership and/or commercialisation of existing intellectual
property rights (“IPs”).

14\. Until these audit matters are finalised, queries by the auditors are
resolved and the accounts are signed for FY2015, I reiterate that it is
important that shareholders are properly informed of these ongoing matters for
their consideration of participation in the Rights Issue.

15\. Withholding such information from shareholders is evidently not in the
best interests of the Company and may give the impression that the Board is
seeking to dilute certain shareholders to the benefit of others.

…

[emphasis added]

452 It was not disputed by parties that by the time a decision was taken
months later to launch a special audit, AIQ was still facing audit issues. On
6 April 2018, the auditor had emailed Kian Wai a list of queries for Joe and
the 4th to 7th Defendants. 462

##### Foot Note 462

×

6ABOD at p 676-677.

This list of questions was forwarded by Kian Wai to Joe (on 9 April 2018) for
the latter’s response. 463

##### Foot Note 463

×

6ABOD at p 675-676.

Shortly thereafter, Kian Wai wrote to GSS informing him that if Joe remained
unable to reply to the auditor’s questions satisfactorily, they would call for
an AGM to approve a special audit. 464

##### Foot Note 464

×

6ABOD at p 674-675.

453 In light of the above circumstances, it was clear that the idea for the
Special Audit was conceived primarily to resolve audit issues for FY 2014 and
FY 2015. Critically, both the FY 2014 and the FY 2015 financial statements had
not yet been finalised as of April 2018 because the outstanding audit remained
unresolved. This indicated that there were indeed serious underlying problems
with the accounts.

454 Since there was a pressing need for the 4th to 7th Defendants to resolve
AIQ’s audit issues and since there had already been prolonged delay in the
finalisation of the FY 2014 and FY 2015 accounts, it was both reasonable and
commercially acceptable for the 4th to 7th Defendants to decide to call for
the Special Audit. I noted, moreover, that even as the 4th to 7th Defendants
were discussing the possibility of a Special Audit, they were clear that a
Special Audit would be launched only if Joe continued to fail to respond
satisfactorily to the auditor’s queries. Again, this appeared to me to be a
reasonable and fair position for the 4th to 7th Defendants to have taken.

(II) Whether the 4th to 7th Defendants launched the Special Audit Report for
an improper purpose

455 I next considered the Plaintiffs’ allegations about the Special Audit
having been carried out for the purpose of removing Joe from AIQ and getting
him to transfer his remaining shares to GSS for free. I rejected this
allegation for the following reasons.

456 As explained earlier (at [449]–[454]), the evidence showed that the 4th to
7th Defendants had decided to procure the Special Audit because Joe’s failure
to provide the auditors with satisfactory answers on the outstanding audit
issues had led to AIQ being unable to finalise its FY 2014 and FY 2015
accounts even as at April 2018. The emails relied on by the Plaintiffs did not
support their claim that in reality, the 4th to 7th Defendants were pursuing a
different – and sinister – agenda in procuring the Special Audit Report. The
emails dated 3 May 2018, 465

##### Foot Note 465

×

6ABOD at p 778.

4 May 2018 466

##### Foot Note 466

×

6ABOD at p 778.

and 26 May 2018 467

##### Foot Note 467

×

7ABOD at p 26.

involved discussions between the 4th to 7th Defendants and GSS on the process
of holding the requisite AGM or EGM to ensure sufficient shareholder support
for the proposed Special Audit. Nothing in any of these emails suggested that
the Special Audit was to be carried out improperly, unfairly or in a manner
prejudicial to Joe. While it is true that GSS expressed the hope in an email
to Kian Wai dated 27 May 2018 468

##### Foot Note 468

×

7ABOD at p 26.

that this would be “the first step that [would] take Joe to prison”, the
statement appeared to me to be an instance of GSS venting his spleen, as
opposed to being evidence of some plan or campaign among the 3rd to 7th
Defendants to trump up false charges against Joe using the Special Audit. As I
pointed out earlier, there was abundant evidence that the outstanding audit
issues and the consequent impasse in the finalisation of AIQ’s financial
statements were the reasons which drove the 4th to 7th Defendants to
commission the Special Audit Report. Indeed, as noted earlier (at [451]), Joe
himself had emphasised in his letter of 31 January 2018 that the outstanding
audit issues were impacting the company accounts and the
ownership/commercialisation of the IP rights.

457 As seen earlier (at [171]–[195]), the authorities are clear that in
oppression proceedings under s 216 of the Companies Act, the court is entitled
to take into account the conduct of the minority shareholder in determining
whether the acts of oppression he complains of are actually commercially
unfair. I add that nothing in the evidence before me suggested the
commissioning of the Special Audit Report was part of a “tit-for-tat” approach
to shareholder relations (see Ascend Field at [69] and Leong Chee Kin at
[76].). Given that the outstanding audit issues concerned transactions in
which Joe had been involved and/or to which he had been privy, it was
logically inevitable that the auditor conducting the Special Audit would have
to consider inter alia whether there had been any wrongdoing on Joe’s part.
The fact that TRS Forensics eventually reported several instances of potential
wrongdoing by Joe could not per se suggest that the Special Audit Report must
have been commissioned for an improper purpose.

(C) The Plaintiffs’ criticisms of the accuracy of the Special Audit Report

458 In their attempt to show that the Special Audit Report was filled with
malicious falsehoods, the Plaintiffs argued that the following matters cast
doubt on the accuracy of the report: 469

##### Foot Note 469

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 196-203.

(a) The Plaintiffs claimed that TRS Forensics had failed to interview all the
people involved in the transactions under investigation; 470

##### Foot Note 470

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 130 ln 15 to ln 18.

(b) The scope of the Special Audit Report was expanded after the exercise had
commenced; 471

##### Foot Note 471

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at para 8 and p 40, 47.

(c) CAD took no further action on AIQ’s police report; 472

##### Foot Note 472

×

8ABOD at p 225.

(d) The Special Audit Report failed to give adequate consideration to the
Share Transfer Deed. 473

##### Foot Note 473

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 203.

459 Per the Plaintiffs’ case theory, the defects in the Special Audit Report
proved that the 4th to 7th Defendants had deliberately procured a “malicious”
and “misleading” report so as to use it to support GSS’ agenda against Joe.

460 The Plaintiffs’ closing submissions made much of the following single line
(in italics) in GSS' email dated 9 April 2018: 474

##### Foot Note 474

×

6ABOD at p 674.

Hi WK,

Good approach. The choice of the auditor to do a special audit is critical.

Check with PAC for a commendation. His previous Company?

Has The Carrot Patch been transferred to AIQ?

GSS

[emphasis added]

The Plaintiffs failed to explain, however, how this vague one-liner by GSS
suggested impropriety of some sort in the selection of the special auditor. In
any event, the Plaintiffs also failed to put it to Mr Tan that he and/or his
firm (TRS Forensics) had been biased or partisan in some way, nor did the
Plaintiffs put it to the 3rd to 7th Defendants that they had deliberately
chosen a pliant special auditor who would fall in with their wishes. As such,
the Plaintiffs should not be allowed belatedly to cast aspersions on Mr Tan’s
integrity and/or TRS Forensics’ impartiality.

461 Further, having reviewed the evidence, I rejected the Plaintiffs’
criticisms of the accuracy of the Special Audit Report for the following
reasons. In the first place, insofar as the Plaintiffs claimed there were
inaccuracies in the report, they should have pointed out these alleged
inaccuracies to Mr Tan during their cross-examination, so as to afford him the
opportunity to respond to their allegation. 475

##### Foot Note 475

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 83; AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at paras 11-12.

They did not – and Mr Tan was consequently deprived of the opportunity to
explain.

462 Second, while the Plaintiffs charged that Mr Tan should have interviewed
other persons such as Carl Freer and the HR staff working in AIQ at the time
of the transactions – it was not clear what precisely the Plaintiffs hoped to
achieve with this accusation. As I noted earlier, it was not put to Mr Tan
that TRS Forensics had been negligent or biased in the preparation of the
report. Nor was it put to the 4th to 7th Defendants that they had somehow
concealed material witnesses from TRS Forensics or denied TRS Forensics access
to material witnesses. There was no evidence that AIQ even had access to these
persons or knew of their whereabouts at the time of the Special Audit. In
other words, the Plaintiffs could not establish any reason for their avowed
disquiet over the witnesses purportedly overlooked by TRS Forensics. In
contrast, Mr Tan’s clear evidence on the stand was that when TRS Forensics was
carrying out the investigations, interviews had been conducted with “all the
so-called balance staff in AIQ”, while the “rest all had left” (presumably,
the staff which the Plaintiffs claimed should have been interviewed). 476

##### Foot Note 476

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 137 ln 11 to ln 25.

This suggested to me that at the very least, the relevant AIQ HR staff from
the material time were no longer in AIQ at the time TRS Forensics conducted
the Special Audit – and were not available for Mr Tan to interview.

463 Third, Mr Tan also testified that the Special Audit Report was conducted
in an independent accurate manner: TRS Forensics carried out a proper
investigation, did not simply rely on information provided by the 4th to 7th
Defendants, and even went to the extent of forensically acquiring documents
and information from AIQ’s computers. Mr Tan testified that he stood by the
findings in the Special Audit Report, which were “the result of detailed and
careful review of documents and information” and were in no way at all
“malicious, misleading, groundless and inaccurate”. 477

##### Foot Note 477

×

AEIC of Tan Swee Wan at paras 10-15.

Mr Tan’s evidence was not challenged by the Plaintiffs in cross-examination.

464 Fourth, while the Plaintiffs made much of the fact that TRS Forensics’
scope of work was expanded to cover the Logovision Transaction and the
Filmfunds Transaction, 478

##### Foot Note 478

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 196.

this did not assist the Plaintiffs in the slightest. There was nothing
sinister about the scope of the Special Audit Report being expanded to cover
the Logovision Transaction and the Filmfunds Transaction because these
transactions were already among the outstanding audit issues flagged by the
auditors. 479

##### Foot Note 479

×

6ABOD at p 675-677.

Since the point of the Special Audit was to get to the bottom of AIQ’s audit
issues, the 4th to 7th Defendants must be free to get TRS Forensics to conduct
an investigation into areas which had been found problematic – so long as it
was done in an independent and impartial manner.

465 Fifth, the Plaintiffs’ complaints about TRS Forensics’ alleged failure to
give proper consideration to the Share Transfer Deed had no merit either. In
cross-examination, Mr Tan testified that TRS Forensics had duly considered
“the agreement reached between parties based on the share transfer deed”.
However, he explained that TRS Forensics still needed to check if there was
evidence to support the positions agreed to in the Share Transfer Deed. 480

##### Foot Note 480

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 156 ln 15 to p 157 ln 1.

In my view, there was nothing untoward in the special auditor refusing to take
documents at face value and looking for independent verification of their
contents. Indeed, if TRS Forensic had chosen simply to take the documents
presented to them at face value without inquiring further, such passivity
would surely have been a ground for doubts as to their independence and
professionalism. Regardless of what the Share Transfer Deed might have stated
to be the status of AIQ’s past transactions (in clauses 4.1, 4.3, and 4.4 of
the Share Transfer Deed), TRS Forensics was entirely justified in proceeding
with their own independent investigation.

466 Sixth, CAD’s decision to take no further action on AIQ’s police report 481

##### Foot Note 481

×

8ABOD at p 225; Pf Closing Submissions at para 202.

was neither here nor there. There may be many different reasons why law
enforcement authorities decline to take action on a complaint. In this case,
there was no evidence as to CAD’s reasons for taking no further action: there
was simply no basis for the Plaintiffs to claim that CAD must have found the
Special Audit Report lacking in credibility.

467 In sum, for the reasons set out above (at [458]–[466]), the Plaintiffs
were unable to prove their assertion in the Statement of Claim that the
Special Audit Report was “malicious”, “misleading”, “groundless”,
“inaccurate”, or that the 4th to 7th Defendants had procured the report for
the wrongful purpose of aiding GSS’ campaign to exit Joe.

(D) Whether the release of the Special Audit Report was an oppressive act

468 For completeness, I add that I was also not persuaded that the act of
releasing to AIQ shareholders a summary of the findings in the Special Audit
Report was an oppressive act. First, the AIQ shareholders had previously at
the 28 May 2018 EGM approved a resolution to appoint an independent third-
party to conduct a special audit to review the company’s accounts for the
financial years ending 31 December 2014 and 31 December 2015 – and for the
results of such a special audit to be made known to the shareholders. 482

##### Foot Note 482

×

7ABOD at p 33.

It was only reasonable that the shareholders would be updated in due course on
the results of the Special Audit per the approved resolution.

469 Second, as explained previously (at [451] above), the audit issues were a
major source of concern not only for the 4th to 7th Defendants, but also for
some AIQ shareholders. As such, it made sense for the 4th to 7th Defendants to
update shareholders about the findings of the Special Audit. In his 31 January
2018 letter to AIQ’s board of directors, Joe himself had taken the position
that it was important to keep the AIQ shareholders “properly informed” of the
outstanding audit issues with the FY 2015 accounts. 483

##### Foot Note 483

×

6ABOD at p 238-243.

Informing AIQ shareholders of the results of the Special Audit (whether or not
they were resolved in Joe’s favour) would be in keeping with ensuring that the
AIQ shareholders were “properly informed”.

470 Third, having read the summary, 484

##### Foot Note 484

×

7ABOD at p 498-502.

I was satisfied that it was worded in sensible and measured terms that did not
seek to cast unnecessary aspersions on Joe. The Plaintiffs were unable to
point to anything in the summary which could be said to constitute
exaggeration or misrepresentation of TRS Forensics’ findings.

471 For the reasons given above (at [468]–[470]), I found that the 4th to 7th
Defendants’ act of releasing a summary of the Special Audit findings to the
AIQ shareholders did not amount to oppressive conduct.

Wrongfully procuring AIQ to deny liability for outstanding salary and loans

472 I next address the Plaintiffs’ allegation that the 3rd to 7th Defendants
oppressed their rights as AIQ shareholders by wrongfully procuring AIQ to deny
liability for the outstanding loan repayments and salary owed by the company
to Joe.

(1) The Plaintiffs’ position

473 The Plaintiffs claimed that after the signing of the Share Transfer Deed,
GSS and the 4th to 7th Defendants had repeatedly sought to procure AIQ to deny
liability for the outstanding loan repayments and salary due to Joe. In
particular, the Plaintiffs alleged the following: 485

##### Foot Note 485

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 226.

(a) Before the launch of the Rights Issue, GSS and the 4th to 7th Defendants
had on 27 January 2018 already started discussing how to contest Joe’s loans
in the event that Joe demanded full or partial repayment of his loans; 486

##### Foot Note 486

×

6ABOD at p 190.

(b) Joe’s request on 5 March 2018 for his loans to be converted to equity on
the same terms as the Rights Issue was rejected by the 4th to 7th Defendants;
487

##### Foot Note 487

×

6ABOD at p 472 and 510-511.

(c) Joe’s attempts to recover his outstanding loans from AIQ were wrongly
resisted by AIQ as follows:

(i) When Joe attempted to recover the $520,000 loan he provided to AIQ
(advanced on 17 October 2017, 16 November 2017, and 26 December 2017), Marcus
had provided untruthful information in the affidavits he filed in the relevant
proceedings, to the detriment of Joe’s claims; 488

##### Foot Note 488

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 70A; Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 78 ln 25
to p 79 ln 8.

(ii) When Joe attempted to recover the loans repayable pursuant to Clause 4 of
the Share Transfer Deed, AIQ objected and asserted inter alia that it had a
set-off against such loans on the basis that Joe had breached his fiduciary
duties to the company by entering into certain improper or dubious
transactions. 489

##### Foot Note 489

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at p 406-408.

474 According to the Plaintiffs, by wrongfully procuring AIQ to resist the
loan repayments and salary payments due to Joe, GSS and the 4th to 7th
Defendants had caused severe prejudice to Joe in his capacity as a member of
AIQ. Essentially, their actions had kept Joe from monies that were rightfully
due to him and thereby forced him to expend significant time and costs to
recover those monies. 490

##### Foot Note 490

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 228.

As to the significance of the allegation at (b) above, I repeat my observation
at [372] that the Plaintiff’s case was essentially that the 4th to 7th
Defendants should nevertheless have let him convert his existing loans to
equity, so as to allow him to “equalise” his shareholding vis-à-vis GSS’
increased shareholding.

(2) The 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

475 GSS took the position that he had nothing to do with Joe’s outstanding
loan and salary claims since he had no involvement in any of the events
alleged in the Statement of Claim in relation to these matters. 491

##### Foot Note 491

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 165 and 169.

In any event, GSS denied that he had acted together with the 4th to 7th
Defendants to procure AIQ to deny liability for these claims as part of his
plan to disable Joe from participating in the Rights Issue. 492

##### Foot Note 492

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at paras 166-167.

(3) The 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

476 The 4th to 7th Defendants, for their part, asserted that they did not
procure AIQ to wrongfully dispute liability for the outstanding loans and
salary claimed by Joe. They asserted that they were not trying at any time to
support any purported agenda on GSS’ part. There was no intention and no
attempt on their part to disable Joe from participating in the Rights Issue:
Joe himself had admitted on the witness stand that he could have participated
in the Rights Issue if he wanted, and it was his decision not to do so. 493

##### Foot Note 493

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 144-145; Transcript of 17 August 2022
at p 88 ln 4 to ln 12.

477 In any event, the 4th to 7th Defendants contended that they had grounds to
harbour reservations about Joe’s entitlement to outstanding salary payments.
494

##### Foot Note 494

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 147-149.

Joe’s claims were based on a consultancy agreement purportedly dated 2 April
2014 (“Consultancy Agreement”) 495

##### Foot Note 495

×

1ABOD at p 146-150.

and the Employment Contract, 496

##### Foot Note 496

×

12ABOD at p 35.

which were under the Special Audit found to have been created subsequent to
the dates when they were stated to take effect. 497

##### Foot Note 497

×

12ABOD at p 33 and 36.

It also appeared that there were multiple versions of the Consultancy
Agreement. 498

##### Foot Note 498

×

12ABOD at p 33-36.

478 As for the outstanding loans, the 4th to 7th Defendants asserted that they
also had grounds to resist making payment to Joe, in light of the discovery of
his wrongdoing against the company. 499

##### Foot Note 499

×

6ABOD at p 190; 4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 150.

(4) My Decision

479 It should be noted that per the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, it was an
implied term of the Understanding and Agreement between Joe and GSS that GSS
“shall procure the [Directors] to acknowledge that the funds provided by [Joe]
were loans that were repayable on demand”. 500

##### Foot Note 500

×

Pf FNBP (14 August 2021 at p 5 S/N 2(b)(ii).

Since I have found that there was never any Understanding and Agreement in
existence, the Plaintiffs would not be able to rely on its implied terms as
the basis for alleging commercial unfairness vis-à-vis the denial of Joe’s
outstanding loans.

480 As for Joe’s personal rights against AIQ as a creditor claiming repayment
of his loans, even assuming his rights as a creditor were breached, such
breach could not form the basis of an oppression claim. As outlined earlier
(at [122]–[127], the qua member rule requires that the conduct complained of
under s 216 Companies Act must affect the member in his capacity as a member
(Suying Design at [123]).

481 Leaving aside the Understanding and Agreement, the Plaintiffs also alleged
that the 4th to 7th Defendants’ actions in causing AIQ to resist payment of
Joe’s outstanding loans and salary formed part of a ploy to disable Joe from
participating in the Rights Issue, and ultimately to drive him away from the
companies and from Singapore. 501

##### Foot Note 501

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 84.

It is these allegations that I address next.

(A) Joe’s request to convert outstanding loans to equity was not an attempt to
participate in the rights issue

482 The Plaintiffs did not – and could not – dispute that Joe had no legal
basis for demanding to convert his loans into equity in AIQ (per his email
request of 5 March 2018). 502

##### Foot Note 502

×

6ABOD at p 472-473.

For ease of analysis, the material portion of Joe’s 5 March 2018 request is
reproduced below: 503

##### Foot Note 503

×

6ABOD at p 472-473.

…

The Company would note that to date, my loans to the Company are significant
and for the purposes of this letter, I am prepared to accept S$7.2million as
the total amount of all my loans to the Company to date.

In light of my loans of S$7.2million to the Company (“my Loans”), I propose
that my Loans be made convertible to shares in the Company at 28 cents a
share.

I propose that the terms of the convertibility of my Loans be treated
similarly to and/or fairly with the terms of the convertible loan given to Mr
Goo [sic] Soo Siah by the Company, including the term for interest to be at 8%
per anum.

My proposal is in good faith, which will amongst other things, remove debts of
the Company, and allow the Company to tidy up any existing and/or “legacy”
issues, including the transfer of TCP.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

483 From Joe’s email, it was clear that he was not purporting to exercise a
legal right to convert his loans to equity, and it was also clear that he was
not proposing to participate in the Rights Issue. Rather, he was suggesting
that the 4th to 7th Defendants allow his request to convert his outstanding
loans into equity.

484 Since Joe’s proposal on 5 March 2018 to convert his outstanding loans to
equity was not the same thing as his subscribing for shares in the Rights
Issue, it was inaccurate and misleading for the Plaintiffs to say (as in their
pleaded case) that GSS and the 4th to 7th Defendants procured AIQ to deny his
outstanding loans and salaries in order to prevent him from participating in
the Rights Issue. 504

##### Foot Note 504

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 60 and 69.

As I have earlier pointed out, a rights issue is carried out for the purpose
of bringing fresh capital into the company. What Joe was proposing would not
have brought any fresh capital into the company. Joe himself accepted in
cross-examination that allowing shareholders to participate in the Rights
Issue by setting off existing debts would have defeated the purpose of the
Rights Issue, which was to raise fresh funds. 505

##### Foot Note 505

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 64 ln 24 to p 65 ln 14.

Joe also accepted in cross-examination that the 4th to 7th Defendants “were
not wrong in refusing” his proposal. 506

##### Foot Note 506

×

Transcript of 17 August 2022 at p 65 ln 11 to 14.

In this connection, it must also be reiterated that on the evidence adduced,
GSS did not ask to set off his outstanding loans against the subscription
price of the shares he took up in the Rights Issue; nor did the 4th to 7th
Defendants permit him to do so (see [371] above).

485 In any event, what the Plaintiffs have assiduously avoided pointing out is
that the Rights Issue had already long been concluded on 23 February 2018,
more than a week before Joe made his proposal. 507

##### Foot Note 507

×

6ABOD at p 370.

Since the Rights Issue was already over and since Joe had elected not to
participate in it, any proposal made by Joe thereafter could hardly be said a
proposal for him to participate in the Rights Issue. It followed that any
rejection of his proposal to convert his loans to shares could not sensibly be
described as denying him an opportunity to participate in the Rights Issue.

(B) The 4th to 7th Defendants had reason to dispute Joe’s entitlement to the
outstanding salary

486 I next considered whether the 4th to 7th Defendants had valid reasons for
resisting payment of Joe’s outstanding loans and salary. The absence – or
presence – of a reason for resisting payment was relevant because the
Plaintiffs’ case was that the 4th to 7th Defendants had no basis for causing
AIQ to refuse payment and that they did so only because they were contriving
to support GSS’ “agenda” of disabling Joe’s participation in the Rights Issue
and exiting him from the company.

487 In respect of Joe’s claim for outstanding salary payment, I found that the
4th to 7th Defendants were able to demonstrate that they had valid reasons for
disputing this claim and that they were not disputing the claim in order to
support GSS’ purported “agenda” against Joe. My reasons were as follows.

488 The Plaintiffs relied on the following evidence in particular to support
their contention that the denial of Joe’s salary claim was commercially
unfair:

(a) Salary owing to Joe for the year 2016 amounting to the sum of $600,000 had
been confirmed in an email dated 25 September 2017; 508

##### Foot Note 508

×

Pf Reply Submissions at para 134(a); 4ABOD at p 717-718.

(b) For the salary owing to Joe from 15 May 2015 to 31 May 2018 (excluding
salary for the year 2016), amounting to the sum of $1,175,000, Joe had agreed
to these salary payments being deferred and treated as shareholder loans from
him, as part of his financing contribution to AIQ; 509

##### Foot Note 509

×

Pf Reply Submissions at para 134(b); SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 63.

(c) There was documentary evidence showing the 4th to 7th Defendants’
acknowledgement that such salary was due to Joe; eg, the IR8A forms prepared
for IRAS which were signed on behalf of AIQ by Kian Wai, as well as IRAS
Notices of Assessment issued to Joe (which resulted in him having to pay
taxes). 510

##### Foot Note 510

×

Pf Reply Submissions at para 136; AEIC of 1st Pf at p 920-921; 2ABIA at p 71.

489 I did not find any merit in the Plaintiffs’ submissions. First, the
Plaintiffs failed to address the valid concerns which the 4th to 7th
Defendants raised in relation to the authenticity and validity of the
Consultancy Agreement and the Employment Contract. To elaborate: Joe allegedly
entered into the Consultancy Agreement with AIQ on 2 April 2014 511

##### Foot Note 511

×

2ABOD at p 463-467.

for a term of four years and subsequently the Employment Contract on 15 May
2015. 512

##### Foot Note 512

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 60; 12 ABOD at p 35.

The Employment Contract was supposed to have replaced the Consultancy
Agreement. 513

##### Foot Note 513

×

12ABOD at p 36-37.

Both these agreements provided for Joe to be paid $50,000 a month. The
Plaintiffs’ claim for $2.135m in outstanding salary 514

##### Foot Note 514

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 60.

appeared to span the period covering both agreements, up to the point of Joe’s
removal from the AIQ board. Both agreements were problematic: as TRS Forensics
observed in the Special Audit Report, 515

##### Foot Note 515

×

12ABOD at p 33-37.

the Consultancy Agreement appeared to have been created after the fact and
then backdated; whereas the Employment Contract was also created more than two
years after the date when it purportedly took effect (ie created on 16
December 2017 when it was stated to be effective 15 May 2015). Indeed, Joe
himself conceded during cross-examination the Employment Contract was only
signed in December 2017. 516

##### Foot Note 516

×

Transcript of 16 August 2022 at p 134 ln 4 to ln 9.

490 Second, I rejected the Plaintiffs’ argument that prior acknowledgements of
Joe’s salary should be taken as evidence tending to corroborate the
authenticity of the Consultancy Agreement and the Employment Contract. As an
example of a prior acknowledgement relied on by the Plaintiff, I reproduce
below Kian Wai’s email of 25 September 2017: 517

##### Foot Note 517

×

4ABOD at p 717-718.

Hi all,

I understand that Joe requested that the company provide a confirmation for
the loan that he has given to the company so far. I have drafted the attached
confirmation letter to be signed by all directors. The amounts shown are not
audited yet but I had verified all the bank transfers amounts via the bank
statements.

Thank you.

Regards,

Kian Wai

The attached confirmation letter and detailed transactions therein showed,
inter alia, that 12 instances of “Consultancy due to Joe” in the amount of
$50,000 each were acknowledged as owing to Joe. 518

##### Foot Note 518

×

4ABOD at p 718.

491 Tellingly, although Kian Wai stated in his email that he “had verified all
the bank transfers amounts via the bank statements”, he also expressly noted
that “[t]he amounts shown [were] not audited yet”. Clearly, therefore, what
Kian Wai meant in his “confirmation” for Joe’s 2016 salary was simply that
bank transfers totalling $600,000 had been made to Joe in payment of his
alleged salary, but no audit had as yet been carried out to verify that the
payments were legitimate.

492 At the end of the day, whether the salary payments were legitimate
depended on there being in place a valid employment contract providing for the
salary amount claimed. Given that the Consultancy Agreement and Employment
Contract were found to have been created after the dates when they purportedly
took effect, there was basis for the 4th to 7th Defendants to dispute payment
of the amounts claimed by Joe under these contracts. I therefore rejected the
Plaintiffs’ argument that the 4th to 7th Defendants had no grounds for
disputing his salary claims and that they had done so merely to support GSS’
agenda against Joe.

(C) Whether the 4th to 7th Defendants had reason to resist Joe’s claims for
repayment of outstanding loans

493 As to whether the 4th to 7th Defendants had reason to cause AIQ to resist
Joe’s claim for repayment of outstanding loans, the Plaintiffs argued that the
following matters showed them to have wrongfully resisted payment in order to
support GSS’ agenda of preventing Joe’s participation in the Rights Issue and
exiting him from the companies:

(a) Joe had successfully obtained summary judgment for a sum of $520,000 as
recovery of his loans from AIQ; 519

##### Foot Note 519

×

Pf Reply Submissions at para 137; SDB at p 346-347.

(b) Clause 4.1 of the Share Transfer Deed made it clear that the sum of
$3,979,694.19 under the JMM Loan advanced by Joe to AIQ was to be fully
payable without any deduction to Joe. There was also to be no deduction of the
JMM Loan on account of any acts or omissions, whether negligent or otherwise,
for the acts of Carl Freer or his son Carl Johan; 520

##### Foot Note 520

×

Pf Reply Submissions at para 139; 11ABOD at p 638.

(c) The 4th to 7th Defendants could not rely on their lawyers’ advice to
justify withholding payment of the outstanding loan amounts as it was not
clear what the basis of the full extent of the advice was. 521

##### Foot Note 521

×

Pf Reply Submissions at para 138.

494 For context, it should be noted that according to the Plaintiffs’ case,
claims for repayment of the outstanding loans had been made by or on behalf of
Joe on the following occasions:

(a) When Joe wanted to convert his loans into shares in AIQ; 522

##### Foot Note 522

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 226(a)-(c).

(b) When Joe wanted to claim for the $520,000 in loans provided by Joe to AIQ
after the Share Transfer Deed; 523

##### Foot Note 523

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 226(d)(i).

and

(c) When Joe wanted to claim the JMM Loan through the commencement of
arbitration proceedings. 524

##### Foot Note 524

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 226(d)(ii).

495 The relevant material time periods for the above claims would therefore
be:

(a) 5 March 2018 when Joe sent the email proposing that he be allowed to
convert his loans into shares in AIQ; 525

##### Foot Note 525

×

6ABOD at p 472.

(b) 27 August 2018 when the notice of arbitration was first sent by Joe’s
solicitors to AIQ to claim inter alia the outstanding loans owed by AIQ to
Joe; 526

##### Foot Note 526

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at p 400.

and

(c) 25 September 2018 when Joe first filed the Statement of Claim to begin the
present suit 527

##### Foot Note 527

×

SOC at p 106.

(with the application for summary judgment being heard on 23 December 2019).
528

##### Foot Note 528

×

SDB at p 346.

496 In respect of (a), I have explained earlier why Joe’s request to convert
his loans into equity post-Rights Issue made no sense and why the 4th to 7th
Defendants were justified in rejecting his request. I therefore address (b)
and (c).

497 I have set out the above time frames as they were relevant to my
consideration of the 4th to 7th Defendants’ reason(s) – if any – for resisting
repayment of Joe’s loans. It should be noted that it has never been the 4th to
7th Defendants’ case that there were no outstanding loans owed by AIQ to Joe.
Instead, their position was that since there were grounds to believe that Joe
had breached his fiduciary duties to AIQ and caused AIQ to enter into
transactions which were to its financial detriment, there were valid reasons
to resist immediately paying off Joe’s loan claims. 529

##### Foot Note 529

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 150.

498 To evaluate whether the 4th to 7th Defendants had genuine grounds to
resist payment, it would be apt to consider the information they actually
possessed at the material time. Since 27 August 2018 was the date on which
Joe’s solicitors filed the notice of arbitration against AIQ for inter alia
the outstanding loans, I considered the information available to the 4th to
7th Defendants as at that date. This did not mean that the 4th to 7th
Defendants were required to prove on a balance of probabilities that Joe had
no right to be repaid as at that date. Rather, what I had to determine was
whether the evidence bore out the Plaintiffs’ assertion that in disputing the
loan claims, the 4th to 7th Defendants were acting with the wrongful purpose
of assisting GSS’ agenda against Joe – or whether they had genuine reasons for
disputing these loan claims.

499 It will be recalled that the resolution granting the board authority to
appoint an independent third-party “to conduct a special audit to, inter alia,
review the accounts and transactions of the Company for the financial years
ending 31 December 2014 and 31 December 2015” was approved at the 28 May 2018
EGM. 530

##### Foot Note 530

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 107, p 548-550.

A summary of the Special Audit findings was sent by the AIQ board to all
shareholders on 14 August 2018. 531

##### Foot Note 531

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 149 and p 644-648.

This meant that by the time Joe commenced legal action against AIQ for the
outstanding loans, the 4th to 7th Defendants would have had the benefit of the
Special Audit findings to aid their decision-making.

500 To reiterate, the Special Audit Report raised concerns about several
instances of potential misconduct by Joe in the earlier period of his tenure
as director (prior to the 4th to 7th Defendants joining AIQ) which possibly
caused substantial losses to AIQ. In particular: 532

##### Foot Note 532

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at p 646-648.

(a) In respect of the Medical Application purchase, the Special Audit Report
highlighted that a sum of $2,711,871 had possibly been wrongfully
misappropriated from AIQ via the payment to AFAR – a company in which Joe was
a director at the time and in which he acquired shares shortly after. The only
explanation was Joe’s representation that the reversal of the Medical
Application purchase had been accounted for based on a reduction of the loans
owed by AIQ to him by the same amount – but there appeared to be no
documentary record of this;

(b) In the Logovision Transaction, AIQ had paid out a sum of around
US$2,500,000 to a company in which Carl Freer (a co-founder of AIQ alongside
Joe) was chairman, in circumstances suggesting that the payment was
unjustified or at the very least questionable;

(c) In the Filmfunds Transaction, AIQ’s payment of US$2,000,000 to Capital
West appeared to be tainted with impropriety involving Joe as Joe was a
director of Capital West.

501 As a result of the concerns flagged in the Special Audit Report, the 4th
to 7th Defendants had assured all AIQ shareholders that they were “very
concerned about these findings and the possible losses that AIQ has suffered”;
and that the company would be “working very closely with the special auditors
and its legal advisors, to explore its options” on how best to protect AIQ’s
and the shareholders’ interests “in respect of the transactions outlined
above”. 533

##### Foot Note 533

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at p 648.

502 Considering that the above information would have been available to the
4th to 7th Defendants at the time they contested Joe’s claim for repayment of
his outstanding loans, I accepted the 4th to 7th Defendants’ submission that
they did in fact have valid reasons to resist paying off Joe’s loan claims at
the point in time when he made those claims. As directors of AIQ, it would
only have been reasonable for the 4th to 7th Defendants to consider inter alia
the possibility of the company seeking to claw back at least some part of its
losses from Joe. After all, the transactions which had (according to the
Special Audit Report) resulted in potentially large losses to AIQ had been
entered into during the period when Joe was a director of AIQ and AFAR. 534

##### Foot Note 534

×

12ABOD at p 14-16.

In the circumstances, it appeared to me entirely in keeping with the proper
discharge of the 4th to 7th Defendants’ duties as directors that they should
have caused AIQ to resist paying off Joe’s loan claims immediately at the
point in time when the claims were made.

Procuring AIQ to enter into the Assignment Agreement and engineering the
winding up of AIQ and TCP

503 Finally, I address the Plaintiffs’ allegation that the 3rd to 7th
Defendants oppressed their rights as shareholders of AIQ and TCP by procuring
AIQ to enter into the Assignment Agreement and by engineering the winding-up
of both companies.

(1) Plaintiffs’ position

504 First, the Plaintiffs contended that the 3rd to 7th Defendants
deliberately engineered the winding-up of AIQ and TCP by: 535

##### Foot Note 535

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 85C.

(a) Stopping all fundraising and business activity in AIQ;

(b) Ceasing efforts to develop and commercialise the VRT; and

(c) Making no effort to oppose the winding-up proceedings filed by GSS.

505 Second, the Plaintiffs contended that the 3rd to 7th Defendants
deliberately had AIQ and TCP wound up so as to:

(a) Cause prejudice to Joe by ensuring that Joe would have no realistic
prospect of recovering his investment in AIQ; 536

##### Foot Note 536

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 85C(3).

(b) Cause prejudice to Joe by impeding his recovery of the summary judgment
sum of $520,000 and the outstanding salary and loan repayments due to him; and
537

##### Foot Note 537

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 85C(4)-(5).

(c) Cause by way of the Assignment Agreement for the Secured Patents to be
handed over in full to GSS for no valuable consideration, thereby allowing the
3rd to 7th Defendants to commercialise the Secured Patents themselves without
Joe’s involvement. 538

##### Foot Note 538

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 205-208;

(2) 3rd Defendant GSS’ position

506 GSS, for his part, asserted that AIQ and TCP were wound up because they
were insolvent and unable to pay their respective debts of US$1,124,864 and
$572,127.18 (per the statutory demands served by GSS on AIQ and TCP on 16
December 2019). 539

##### Foot Note 539

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at para 176; AEIC of 3rd Df at p 56-57 and p
572-578.

The winding-up of these two companies was not part of some concerted plan by
the 3rd to 7th Defendants to misappropriate AIQ’s intellectual property (“IP”)
rights. 540

##### Foot Note 540

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at para 177.

The Deed of Patent Charge had already given GSS first legal charge over the
Secured Patents as security for his convertible loan until full repayment of
the loan to GSS. 541

##### Foot Note 541

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 130 and p 580-594.

The Assignment Agreement dated 23 October 2019 did not confer on him any
additional rights in respect of the Secured Patents over and above those
already granted to him by the Deed of Patent Charge. 542

##### Foot Note 542

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at para 183; 12ABOD at p 98-107.

507 In any event, even assuming for the sake of argument that injury had been
caused by the Assignment Agreement, the injury would have been suffered by AIQ
and not by the Plaintiffs. 543

##### Foot Note 543

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at para 185.

The proper plaintiff rule would therefore apply so as to preclude the
Plaintiffs from bringing proceedings under s 216 to claim relief for such
injury.

(3) 4th to 7th Defendants’ position

508 As for the 4th to 7th Defendants, they submitted that they had not stopped
trying to raise funds for AIQ. They had also tried their best to stave off
GSS’ demands for repayment by seeking from him more time for repayment. 544

##### Foot Note 544

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 171-177; 9ABOD at p 747-748, p
755-756, p 757, p 761-762, p758-762; 10ABOD at p 173-174.

Their efforts were ultimately unsuccessful; and they did not oppose the
subsequent winding-up application because they had been advised by the
company’s lawyers that there was no basis to oppose. 545

##### Foot Note 545

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 178.

As for the VRT, they had also put in considerable efforts to try to develop
and commercialise it, but were unsuccessful for reasons other than a lack of
effort on their part. 546

##### Foot Note 546

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 179-180; 6ABOD at p 67-71; Transcript
of 18 August 2022 at p 39 ln 11 to ln 19.

509 As for the Assignment Agreement, the 4th to 7th Defendants explained that
this was entered into in order to give effect to the Deed of Patent Charge
when – following AIQ’s failure to repay the loan under the Convertible Loan
Agreement – GSS decided to enforce his security over the Secured Patents. No
wrongdoing was involved as GSS was merely exercising his rights under the Deed
of Patent Charge. 547

##### Foot Note 547

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 181-182; 11ABOD at p 608-614, p
689-694, p 700-715; 12ABOD at p 98-107.

Moreover, AIQ’s lawyers had advised on and drafted the Assignment Agreement.
548

##### Foot Note 548

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 183; Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p
5 ln 20 to p 6 ln 6, p 110 ln 7 to ln 16.

510 In any event, Joe himself did not contest the winding-up application in
court. Instead, he had sought to nominate his own choice of liquidators; and
it was in fact his nominees who were appointed as the liquidators of AIQ. 549

##### Foot Note 549

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 162.

Upon their appointment, the liquidators would have reviewed inter alia the
transactions entered into by AIQ around the time of the winding-up order – and
in particular the Assignment Agreement. If there had been anything untoward
about the Assignment Agreement, the liquidators would no doubt have taken
action. No such action had been undertaken by the liquidators, nor had they
even made any allegation of wrongdoing by the 3rd to 7th Defendants since
their appointment. 550

##### Foot Note 550

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 184.

(4) My Decision

511 The Plaintiffs did not plead in their Statement of Claim the reason(s) why
the winding-up of the two companies and the Assignment Agreement were said to
constitute oppression of Joe’s personal rights as a shareholder. Although the
Plaintiffs pleaded in the Statement of Claim that the winding-up of the
companies was a “breach by [GSS] of the Understanding and Agreement”, 551

##### Foot Note 551

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 86(1).

they failed to plead any specific term in the Understanding and Agreement
which obliged GSS to refrain from applying to wind up either company and/or to
ensure that neither company would be wound up. In any event, I have earlier
found that there was never an Understanding and Agreement. In the absence of
any legal obligation requiring him to refrain from seeking repayment of debts
legitimately owed to him by AIQ, GSS remained entitled to call in those debts.
As for the 4th to 7th Defendants, having examined the evidence, I was
satisfied that their conduct in not opposing the winding-up proceedings could
not be said to have been commercially unfair to the Plaintiffs. I explain.

(A) The Winding-Up of AIQ and TCP was not commercially unfair

512 In evaluating whether the winding-up of AIQ and TIC was commercially
unfair to the Plaintiffs, I first asked whether there was any reason to doubt
that these two companies were wound up on legitimate grounds. If AIQ and TCP
were wound up because they were unable to pay their debts and the board had no
viable means of raising funds to pay those debts, then I could not see how the
winding-up could be said in any way to be commercially unfair.

513 In the present case, I was satisfied that there was no reason to doubt
that AIQ and TCP were wound up on legitimate grounds. First, GSS had issued
statutory demands through his lawyers to AIQ and TCP on 16 December 2019. 552

##### Foot Note 552

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 56-57 and p 572-578.

Both statutory demands were not complied with, following which AIQ and TCP
were wound up on 5 June 2020. 553

##### Foot Note 553

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 57.

In cross-examination, Marcus testified that upon receipt of the statutory
demands on 16 December 2019, he had consulted the companies’ lawyers. He then
acted in accordance with the lawyers’ advice on what AIQ could “and should do
in response to the [statutory demand] by GSS”. 554

##### Foot Note 554

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 74 ln 17 to p 75 ln 8.

514 Second, the evidence before me did not reveal any element of “unfairness”
to Joe insofar as the conduct of the winding-up was concerned. The Plaintiffs
did not dispute that these debts which were the subject of the statutory
demands were legitimate debts owed to GSS by AIQ and TCP. Instead, the
Plaintiffs tried to argue that the 4th to 7th Defendants should have used the
Secured Patents to reduce or discharge the debt amount claimed in GSS’
statutory demands. I found no merit in this argument, since the evidence
showed that the Secured Patents had failed to generate any monetary returns or
value from the time of their international filing on 7 September 2017 555

##### Foot Note 555

×

11ABOD at p 713.

up to the service of GSS’ statutory demand on 16 December 2019. Further, the
evidence showed that this lack of monetary returns was not due to any lack of
effort on the part of the 4th to 7th Defendants (as explained below at
[525]––[531]).

515 The Plaintiffs also tried to insinuate that the 4th to 7th Defendants were
somehow unfair to him because they challenged his outstanding loan and salary
claims but did not challenge GSS’ statutory demands. This argument was
entirely misconceived. I have already found (at [486]–[502] above) that the
4th to 7th Defendants were acting in the proper discharge of their duties as
directors when they caused AIQ to resist payment of Joe’s salary and loan
claims. Conversely, the evidence did not reveal any plausible grounds on which
the 4th to 7th Defendants could or should have disputed the debts claimed in
GSS’ statutory demands – nor did the Plaintiffs identify any such grounds
which demonstrated any basis on which the 4th to 7th Defendants should have
disputed those debts. Tellingly, Joe himself never took any steps to contest
the winding-up applications; and it was eventually his nominated liquidator
who was appointed by the court.

(B) Whether the winding-up and the Assignment Agreement could be said to have
injured the plaintiffs’ rights as shareholders of aiq

516 More fundamentally, in order for the winding-up of the two companies and
the Assignment Agreement to found an oppression claim under s 216, they had to
be shown to have given rise to personal wrongs against either Plaintiff (or
both) in their capacity as shareholders – as opposed to being corporate wrongs
against the companies. The appropriate remedy in respect of the latter
scenario would be a derivative action under s 216A of the Companies Act (Sakae
Holdings at [88]).

517 In the present case, the Plaintiffs failed to demonstrate how Joe suffered
any personal wrong as a member of the two companies as a result of the
winding-up of the two companies and the Assignment Agreement.

518 In their closing submissions, the Plaintiffs argued that “there can be no
greater prejudice or oppression to a minority shareholder than” causing AIQ
and TCP to be wound up and for misappropriating the Secured Patents through
the Assignment Agreement. 556

##### Foot Note 556

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 276.

According to the Plaintiffs:

(a) The 4th to 7th Defendants owed a duty to act in the best interests of AIQ,
and its shareholders and creditors, and could not act in a manner that
stripped AIQ of its only substantial asset and simply “rolling over” when the
winding-up application was filed; 557

##### Foot Note 557

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 276(a).

(b) The 4th to 7th Defendants had completely disregarded Joe’s financial
interest in his shares, the recovery of his loans and overall investment in
AIQ; 558

##### Foot Note 558

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 276(b).

and

(c) The winding-up of AIQ required the participation of GSS and every
Director. 559

##### Foot Note 559

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 276(c).

519 As I noted at the outset (at [511] above), the Plaintiffs pleaded in their
amended statement of claim that the winding-up of AIQ and TCP constituted a
breach of the Understanding and Agreement – but failed to plead any express or
implied term which precluded GSS from applying to wind up the companies. This
point was also not explained in the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions. In any
event, I have found that the alleged Understanding and Agreement did not
exist.

520 Instead, the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions showed that their claim of
oppression in this instance was premised on some notion of commercial
unfairness stemming from the 4th to 7th Defendants’ duty as directors to act
in the best interests of AIQ and TCP as well as its shareholders and
creditors; in other words, that they were entitled, as shareholders of AIQ and
TCP, to expect that (a) the Secured Patents would not be misappropriated, and
(b) the two companies would not be “wrongfully” wound up.

521 As to (a), such an expectation would clearly be incapable of providing a
sufficient basis for finding commercial unfairness even if it were breached. I
would draw a parallel between the Plaintiffs’ position in this case and the
position of the plaintiff/respondent Mr Ng in Suying Design. In Suying Design,
Mr Ng had complained inter alia that Ms Tan (the majority shareholder and
director) had made wrongful payments to herself, and that her conduct as such
amounted to a breach of his legitimate expectation as a shareholder that the
company’s funds would not be siphoned away. The CA held on appeal that Mr Ng
had no basis for any expectations as to how the company would be managed
“apart from the basic expectations a shareholder may legitimately hold” (at
[112]). The CA continued (at [113]–[114]):

113 …..(T)hese baseline expectations do not provide a sufficient basis on
which to find that Mr Ng has suffered a distinct personal injury which would
amount to commercial unfairness. To find otherwise would … suggest that any
misappropriation of moneys by a director would constitute a distinct injury to
a shareholder. This would be too broad a construction of the framework the
Court of Appeal set out in Sakae Holdings and make impermissible inroads into
the proper plaintiff rule. This simply cannot be the case. Further, the breach
of this expectation would be remedied by the recovery of the misappropriated
moneys by the company in a corporate action. The Companies Act provides s 216A
for this purpose.

114 As such … while Mr Ng may have been entitled to expect that [the
company’s] funds would not be siphoned away, the breach of this expectation
did not in itself constitute a distinct injury under s 216 of the Companies
Act. In any event, even if there was a distinct injury, it does not
necessarily follow that it would be commercially unfair to Mr Ng if the
breaches are not remedied. The claim in respect of the Gratuity Payment [ie,
the alleged wrongful payments made by Ms Tan to herself] therefore should not
have been brought under s 216. This is not to say that there was no
wrongdoing, but rather, that any such wrong was one done to the company, and
should therefore have been pursued under a different cause of action – such as
a derivative action under s 216A…

[emphasis in original]

522 In the same vein, in the present case, the Plaintiffs’ expectation that
the Secured Patents would not be misappropriated could not be said to be more
than a shareholder’s basic expectation, which – even assuming they were able
to prove misappropriation – was insufficient basis “on which to find that [the
Plaintiffs had] suffered a distinct personal injury which would amount to
commercial unfairness”.

523 As to (b), it was not disputed that TCP was always meant to be wholly
owned by AIQ, notwithstanding that Joe himself held on to the TCP shares in
his name. It was also not disputed that insofar as TCP shares were held in any
individual’s name, that individual was understood to be holding the shares on
trust for AIQ (as at [308] above). Bearing this in mind, it will be seen that
the winding up of AIQ and TCP affected all shareholders of AIQ equally, in the
sense that each shareholder stood to lose their investment in AIQ. Since all
AIQ shareholders were affected by the alleged wrong done to AIQ, there was no
distinct personal injury suffered by Joe on which he could base a claim under
s 216.

524 Further and in any event, the Plaintiffs’ claim at (b) would be barred by
the reflective loss principle. As I alluded to earlier (at [159]–[167]), the
reflective loss principle states that where the minority shareholder’s loss is
merely a reflection of the loss suffered by the company which would be made
good if the company were able to and did enforce its rights, the proper party
to recover that loss is the company, and not the shareholder (Suying Design at
[30]). Therefore, in the context of the winding-up of AIQ and TCP, Joe had no
basis for complaining about his financial interests having been prejudiced by
the winding-up of AIQ and TCP. His financial interests as shareholder were
subject entirely to the company’s fortunes. As a shareholder of AIQ, Joe bore
the risk of the vicissitudes of corporate life, just like any other
shareholder; and these risks included the risk that the business could fail.
Even assuming for the sake of argument that the Plaintiffs were justified in
complaining that the 3rd to 7th Defendants had deliberately brought about the
two companies’ financial woes and engineered their wrongful winding-up, this
was a matter to be taken up by the liquidators against the 3rd to 7th
Defendants. It would be an abuse of process for the Plaintiffs to be allowed
to bring an oppression claim under s 216 for what would essentially be
corporate wrongs (Suying Design at [31] citing Ng Kek Wee at [65]).

(C) The 4th to 7th Defendants made significant efforts to drive AIQ’s business
and to raise funds for AIQ

525 As a corollary to their allegations about the oppressive effect of the
winding-up of the two companies, the Plaintiffs alleged that the 4th to 7th
Defendants made little to no effort to drive AIQ’s business and/or to raise
funds for AIQ, thereby leading AIQ into financial ruin and eventual
liquidation. Again, of course, the legal burden of proving this allegation
fell on the Plaintiffs, who also bore the initial evidential burden. I found
that the Plaintiffs were unable even to marshal enough evidence to meet their
evidential burden of proof.

526 In gist, the Plaintiffs relied on a number of emails which – according to
them – showed GSS and Kian Wai discussing the option of liquidating AIQ and
starting a new company with the patents in GSS’ hands. 560

##### Foot Note 560

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 252-269.

However, while it was true that GSS and Kian Wai did discuss inter alia the
option of liquidating AIQ and starting a new company to utilise the Secured
Patents, these discussions were not the primary focus of the emails. In fact,
these emails constituted persuasive evidence that even as at July 2019, the
4th to 7th Defendants were still putting in effort to advance AIQ’s business
interests. For example, the email of 3 July 2019 which the Plaintiffs cited
actually showed Kian Wai asking GSS to withdraw the letter of demand dated 19
June 2019 that GSS had served on AIQ, so as to allow the AIQ board time to
pursue opportunities “that will generate positive cash flow for the company”.
GSS subsequently acceded to Kian Wai’s request and withdrew the 19 June 2019
letter of demand. 561

##### Foot Note 561

×

9ABOD at p 756-758.

The material parts of the email are reproduced below:

Dear Mr Goh

Reference to your letter to the Company dated 19 June 2019 demanding the full
repayment of USD1,124,864 arising from the amounts owing to you via the
Convertible Loan Agreement between AIQ Pte Ltd and you dated 19 July 2016.

The board would like to update you the following latest developments:

1) The Company is in advanced discussion with a Singaporean mega media company
could [sic] result in a major commercial deal within the next few weeks.

2) We are also in serious discussion with various other parties which could
result in additional funding that may fund the company’s operations if the
company secures (1).

We seek your understanding and hope that you can withdraw the letter of demand
so as to allow us to pursue the above opportunities that will generate
positive cash flow for the company which will then enable the company to pay
its financial obligations including the loans disbursed by you to the company.

This way, we think will be the best interest of the stakeholders of the
company.

We sincerely hope that you can consider our humble request and we look forward
to your positive reply.

…

527 Not only did the 3 July 2019 email speak to the efforts which the 4th to
7th Defendants were making at that stage to keep AIQ’s business going, it gave
the lie to the Plaintiffs’ allegation that the 4th to 7th Defendants connived
with GSS to run the business into the ground and to wind up the company so
that he could get his hands on the Secured Patents. If there had in fact been
such connivance on the part of the 4th to 7th Defendants, they would scarcely
have bothered to ask GSS to withdraw his 19 June 2019 letter of demand, nor
would they have bothered to continue their efforts to keep AIQ afloat. Indeed,
there were numerous emails to show the amount of effort which the 4th to 7th
Defendants were still putting into trying to develop AIQ’s business and to
raise funds, even as at July 2019. 562

##### Foot Note 562

×

9 ABOD at p 758-762; 10 ABOD at p 173-174.

For example, in an email he sent GSS on 17 July 2019, Marcus updated GSS on
the team’s efforts at business development: 563

##### Foot Note 563

×

9ABOD at p 761-762.

GSS

We are currently engaged in advance discussion with all the departments with
SPH and is in progress right now as I am responding to you.

They have indicated on our last meeting where Leslie was also involved that
they are keen to buy or invest in us but in order to move to this, they want
to run several Proof of Concepts (POC) to solidify the potential purchase.

…

We are also proceeding with trials with a Taiwanese TV station targeting end
this month too

As for Russia, due to the summer holidays, we been told that activities been
pushed back again and I am following through intensively

…

528 On 24 July 2019, Marcus sent another update to GSS about the team’s
progress and urged GSS to continue funding AIQ and TCP: 564

##### Foot Note 564

×

9ABOD at p 758-759.

Uncle

Latest Updates on AIQ:

We met SPH’s Chief Investment Officer (Julian) and he had indicated their
interest in buying AIQ but would to concurrently [sic] have their sales
department led by their Chief Marketing Officer (Ignatius) be running paid
Proof of concepts (POC) using our technology with their advertisers to confirm
that this technology will help them in their Offline2Oline strategy in
reviving their declining advertising business.

…

Julian had informed us that decision is still largely determined by the
success of these POC so he will need Ignatius’ team to prove that our
technology is what they will use before putting up an offer to us. We have
separately submitted a proposal to SPH sales team for a monthly fee of $30,000
to $50,000 for unlimited POCs for a period of 6 months and is awaiting
confirmation to have this signed

This entire POC process will take 3-6 months but we did inform him that we
only have limited runway of 1-2 months if not the company will be out of funds
to continue operations too. He acknowledge that he will move as fast as
possible on his evaluation.

KW had also indicated that his wife will not allow him to continue without pay
beyond a third consecutive month and had indicated that he will work till mid-
August and would have to leave to look for a new role then.

On TCP front, the monthly burn is about 15k as we already have all the private
offices fully filled and 60% of our hot-desks taken. This cost are [sic]
largely operational as we have no marketing spend.

Uncle, I am appearing [sic] to you to reconsider funding 100k monthly for the
next 6 months to see through this extensive POC and final purchase by SPH if
not we will just have to wind up both AIQ and TCP.

Let us know of your final decision and we will act accordingly.

…

529 The Plaintiffs claimed that since GSS incorporated his own company Scanto
Technology Pte Ltd (“Scanto”) on 21 August 2019, 565

##### Foot Note 565

×

Pf Reply Submissions at para 147; Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 170 ln 1
to 13..

GSS must have conspired with the 4th to 7th Defendants to strip AIQ of the
Secured Patents and to transfer these to Scanto instead, with the view to
commercialising the Secured Patents without Joe’s involvement. On the
Plaintiffs’ case, it must follow that in order to misappropriate the Secured
Patents for GSS’/Scanto’s benefit, GSS and the 4th to 7th Defendants would
have facilitated the winding-up of AIQ.

530 I found the above argument to be devoid of merit. The contemporaneous
evidence (see [354] above) showed that even before Scanto was incorporated,
AIQ was already in dire financial straits (including for example being unable
to pay staff salaries in January 2018); and that instead of hastily throwing
in the towel and winding up the companies, the 4th to 7th Defendants had all
along been working diligently to develop the business as best they could (see
[526]–[528] above). In fact, there was also evidence to show that at certain
points in time when AIQ’s funds were running low, the 4th to 7th Defendants
had deferred payment of their own salaries or fees. 566

##### Foot Note 566

×

6ABOD at p 495-496, 520, 524, 592-594; AEIC of 4th Df at para 16, p 48-50;
AEIC of 5th Df at paras 21-22, p 154; AEIC of 6th Df at paras 15-16, p 85-89;
AEIC of 7th Df at para 19.

531 In similar vein, if GSS had indeed been bent on getting AIQ wound up so
that he could get hold of the Secured Patents on the cheap, there was no
reason for him to continue funding the company well after relations between
him and Joe soured and they failed to arrive at a mutually-agreed funding
ratio.

532 As a final observation, the commercial context of AIQ (and TCP) was in my
view a relevant factor to be considered as well. It was not disputed that
since its incorporation and up to the point when it was wound up, AIQ was
consistently unprofitable. It suffered substantial losses through the years,
requiring constant injections of funds. 567

##### Foot Note 567

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at para 10.

AIQ’s losses were $6,967,588 in 2014, 568

##### Foot Note 568

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 85.

$6,522,504 in 2015, 569

##### Foot Note 569

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 123.

$4,436,927 in 2016, 570

##### Foot Note 570

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 152.

$2,596,818 in 2017, 571

##### Foot Note 571

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 182.

$3,161,050.12 in 2018 572

##### Foot Note 572

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 206.

and $2,185,182.84 in 2019 573

##### Foot Note 573

×

AEIC of 3rd Df at p 208.

– which amounted to total losses of $25,870,069 over six years. It must be
remembered too that AIQ was a “start-up” that had to rely on investors to fund
its business operations. 574

##### Foot Note 574

×

AEIC of 1st Pf at para 10.

Given that AIQ as a start-up had not turned a profit since incorporation and
appeared instead to have accumulated substantial losses, it was clear that
there was never any guarantee that AIQ would be successful. Even prior to the
4th to 7th Defendants joining the company, AIQ had already been chalking up
substantial losses in the years between 2014 and 2017 when Joe was in charge
of the company. In short, this was not a situation where a successful company
was run aground by rogue directors. Rather, AIQ was simply a company that had
never found the proper traction for its business to take off. Notably, the
Plaintiffs’ expert valuer Mr Andrew Ross (“Mr Ross”) accepted in cross-
examination that if he had not been “instructed [that] the actions of the [3rd
to 7th Defendants had] compromised the ability of AIQ to achieve
commercialisation of its IP”, and if he had not worked on the basis of such an
assumption, he would have agreed that “there may be other reasons why AIQ may
have succeeded or failed”. These reasons could include inter alia “the
technology or the market… not [being] there or not quite ready”. 575

##### Foot Note 575

×

Transcript of 18 August 2022 at p 39 ln 3 to 19.

533 In light of the above reasons, I rejected the Plaintiffs’ allegation of
oppression in respect of the winding-up of the two companies.

(D) Whether the Assignment Agreement was commercially unfair

534 As for the Assignment Agreement, the Plaintiffs argued that the agreement
was a way for the 3rd to 7th Defendants to misappropriate the Secured Patents
and to commercialise the patents for their own benefit, without Joe’s
involvement. The main thrust of the Plaintiffs’ arguments appeared to be that
the Assignment Agreement was improper because it gave GSS more rights than he
was entitled to under the Deed of Patent Charge. According to the Plaintiffs,
these “additional” rights related to the assignment of goodwill to GSS and the
provision of an indemnity to GSS. 576

##### Foot Note 576

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 269.

535 Again, I found the Plaintiffs’ arguments to be devoid of merit. First, it
was plain that the Assignment Agreement 577

##### Foot Note 577

×

12ABOD at p 98-107.

was the means by which GSS enforced the security he had been granted by the
Deed of Patent Charge when he entered into the Convertible Loan Agreement with
AIQ. 578

##### Foot Note 578

×

3rd Df Closing Submissions at para 178-183.

The Plaintiffs did not dispute that GSS had the right to enforce his security
over the Secured Patents, pursuant to the Deed of Patent Charge. Any
allegations about the inadequacy of the consideration of $10 in the Assignment
Agreement thus had no merit.

536 Second, while the Plaintiffs sought to insinuate in closing submissions
that the inclusion of clauses on goodwill and an indemnity in the Assignment
Agreement showed the 4th to 7th Defendants giving undue favour to GSS, 579

##### Foot Note 579

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 269(c).

these allegations were never pleaded: All that the Plaintiffs pleaded about
the Assignment Agreement was that the 4th to 7th Defendants had caused AIQ’s
IP assets to be disposed of to GSS for little or no consideration so that the
development or commercialisation of the VRT could continue without Joe’s
involvement. 580

##### Foot Note 580

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at para 85C(2).

Moreover, the complaint about the provision of the indemnity was not even
raised in the Plaintiffs’ cross-examination of the 3rd to 7th Defendants; and
neither Kian Wai nor Marcus was cross-examined about the goodwill clause, 581

##### Foot Note 581

×

Transcript of 31 August 2022 at p 157 ln 18-19.

despite Leslie making it clear in cross-examination 582

##### Foot Note 582

×

3rd Df Reply Submissions at para 40; Transcript of 19 August 2022 at p 19 ln
14 to p 21 ln 15.

that they were better placed to answer such questions. In yet another instance
of déjà vu, I was left without the benefit of any evidence from the persons
against whom the Plaintiffs chose to level serious allegations in their
closing submissions. In the circumstances, I had to agree with the 3rd to 7th
Defendants that the Plaintiffs should not be allowed to take the point in
their closing submissions.

537 Third, even if the Plaintiffs were to be allowed to pursue in closing
submissions their complaints about the goodwill and indemnity clauses, their
arguments were specious. The Assignment Agreement could not be looked at in
isolation and had to be read together with the Deed of Patent Charge – since
it was executed to give effect to GSS’ right under the Deed of Patent Charge
to enforce his security when AIQ failed to repay the loan under the
Convertible Loan Agreement. 583

##### Foot Note 583

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at para 182.

Clause 7.1 of the Deed of Patent Charge provided under the heading “Power of
Sale” that: 584

##### Foot Note 584

×

11ABOD at p 707.

7.1 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender or their nominee(s)
may, without further notice or authority, sell, dispose of or realise all or
any part of the Patents towards the discharge of the costs thereby incurred
and of the Secured Indebtedness in such manner as it in its absolute
discretion thinks fit.

538 Given that AIQ was unable to pay GSS’ demand for repayment, the applicable
event of default in the Deed of Patent Charge was that stated under Clause
6.1(a): 585

##### Foot Note 585

×

11ABOD at p 705.

6.1 Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default:-

(a) the failure of the Chargor to pay any principal, interest or any other sum
payable under this Deed and/or the Convertible Loan Agreement on the day on
which the same shall be due and payable, or in the case of any sum expressed
to be payable on demand, forthwith upon any such demand for the payment
thereof being made;

539 Based on these provisions, and given AIQ’s failure to repay GSS, GSS was
plainly entitled to "realise all or any part of the [Secured Patents]” towards
payment of his loan and his costs “in such manner as [GSS] in [his] absolute
discretion thinks fit”. Clause 3.1 of the Assignment Agreement under the
heading “Consideration” was clearly drawn up to allow for GSS’ realisation of
the Secured Patents pursuant to the Deed of Patent Charge: 586

##### Foot Note 586

×

12ABOD at p 103.

3.1 In consideration of the sum of 10 U.S Dollar (US$10) now paid by the
Assignee to the Assignor (the receipt whereof the Assignor hereby
acknowledges) the Assignor hereby assigns unto the Assignee the said
Inventions together with the goodwill of the business relating to the goods in
respect of which the said Inventions is TO HOLD the same unto the Assignee
absolutely.

540 In the circumstances, I was satisfied that contrary to the Plaintiffs’
contention, the Assignment Agreement was not drawn up in order to give GSS
more rights than he was entitled to under the Deed of Patent Charge.

541 In respect of the assignment of goodwill, I found it entirely reasonable
for the goodwill associated with the Secured Patents to be assigned alongside
the Secured Patents, since this would enable the Secured Patents to be
properly realised or sold in satisfaction of the debt owing to GSS. The
Plaintiffs had no coherent explanation in any event as to how a strict
separation of “the goodwill of the business relating to the goods in respect
of which the said [Secured Patents]” and the Secured Patents themselves made
any sense.

542 In respect of the inclusion of an indemnity, I noted that AIQ was already
obliged under the Deed of Patent Charge to allow GSS to enforce his security
over the Secured Patents. If AIQ were to breach this obligation by failing to
allow GSS to do so, AIQ would be liable in breach of contract to GSS. This, in
substance, was simply what the Assignment Agreement indemnity clause provided
for, as may be seen from Clause 5.1 of the Assignment Agreement: 587

##### Foot Note 587

×

12ABOD at p 104.

5.1 Assignor shall indemnify Assignee against all losses, damages, costs and
payments, including reasonable settlements and legal fees, suffered or
incurred by Assignee arising from or which is directly or indirectly related
to any breach of non-observance of [sic] any term of this Agreement by
Assignor.

543 Fourth, the Assignment Agreement was drafted by AIQ’s solicitors, and two
other sets of lawyers were consulted on it. 588

##### Foot Note 588

×

Transcript of 25 August 2022 at p 5 ln 20 to p 6 ln 6 and at p 110 ln 7 to 16.

In other words, independent legal advice was obtained. This was not something
cobbled together by the 4th to 7th Defendants on the fly. This evidence would
tend to support the 4th to 7th Defendants’ submission that in preparing the
Assignment Agreement, they were acting in the proper discharge of their duties
as directors, as opposed to conniving with GSS to misappropriate AIQ’s only
substantial asset.

Oppression claim: Summing up

544 For the reasons set out at [196]–[543], I dismissed the Plaintiffs’
minority oppression claim in entirety.

Whether there was a conspiracy between the 3rd to 7th Defendants against the
Plaintiffs

545 Apart from their minority oppression claim, the Plaintiffs also brought a
claim against the Defendants for the tort of conspiracy. The Plaintiffs
pleaded both (a) conspiracy by unlawful means 589

##### Foot Note 589

×

SOC (Amendment No 3) at para 86A.

and (b) conspiracy by lawful means: 590

##### Foot Note 590

×

SOC (Amendment No 3) at para 86B.

Wu Yang Construction Group Ltd v Zhejiang Jinyi Group Co, Ltd and others
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 451 (“Wu Yang Construction”) at [81] citing Quah Kay Tee v Ong
and Co Pte Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 (“Quah Kay Tee”). The Plaintiffs’
conspiracy claims substantially followed the narrative that they put forward
in their oppression claim.

546 I first outline the applicable legal principles.

The applicable legal principles

547 To establish a claim for conspiracy by unlawful means, the Plaintiffs must
establish the following elements (Yuanta Asset Management International Ltd
and another v Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd and another and another appeal
[2018] 2 SLR 21 at [142] citing EFT Holdings Inc v Marinteknik Shipbuilders
(S) Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [112]; New Ping Ping Pauline
v Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd and others [2021] 4 SLR 1317 at [57]; see also
Gary Chan, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2016) (“The Law
of Torts in Singapore”) at [15.062] – [15.076]):

(a) that there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) that the acts were unlawful;

(d) that the acts were performed in furtherance of an agreement; and

(e) the plaintiffs suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

548 In respect of the element of intention to cause damage or injury to the
plaintiff, the CA has made it clear that “it is not sufficient for the
claimant to show that it was reasonably foreseeable that the claimant would or
might suffer damage as a result of the defendant’s act” (at [99] of EFT
Holdings). Instead, injury to the claimant must have been intended as a means
to an end or as an end in itself. As the CA in EFT Holdings explained (at
[101]):

A claimant in an action for unlawful means conspiracy would have to show that
the unlawful means and the conspiracy were targeted or directed at the
claimant. It is not sufficient that harm to the claimant would be a likely, or
probable or even inevitable consequence of the defendant’s conduct. Injury to
the claimant must have been intended as a means to an end or as an end in
itself. As Lord Hoffmann said in OBG (at [42] and [62]):

… It is necessary to distinguish between ends, means and consequences. If
someone knowingly causes a breach of contract, it does not normally matter
that it is the means by which he intends to achieve some further end or even
that he would rather have been able to achieve that end without causing a
breach. …

…

In the Lumley v Gye tort, there must be an intention to procure a breach of
contract. In the unlawful means tort, there must be an intention to cause
loss. The ends which must have been intended are different. … But the concept
of intention is in both cases the same. In both cases it is necessary to
distinguish between ends, means and consequences. One intends to cause loss
even though it is the means by which one achieved the end of enriching
oneself. On the other hand, one is not liable for loss which is neither a
desired end nor a means of attaining it but merely a foreseeable consequence
of one’s actions.

Lesser states of mind, such as an appreciation that a course of conduct would
inevitably harm the claimant, would not amount to an intention to injure,
although it may be a factor supporting an inference of intention on the
factual circumstances of the case. In Lonrho plc v Fayed [1990] 2 QB 479 at
488–489 Woolf LJ observed that the requisite intent (for the tort of causing
loss by unlawful means) would be satisfied if the defendant fully appreciated
that a course of conduct that he was embarking upon would have a particular
consequence to a claimant but nonetheless decided to pursue that course of
conduct; or if the defendant deliberately embarked upon a course of conduct
while appreciating the probable consequences to the claimant. In our judgment,
this is inconsistent with the requirement that intention must be shown. It is
simply insufficient in seeking to meet the element of intention to show merely
that there was knowledge to found an awareness of the likelihood of particular
consequences.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

549 As for a conspiracy by lawful means, this is established when two or more
persons combine together with the aim of injuring the plaintiff, resulting in
damage (per the CA in Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [37] (citing Quah Kay Tee)). The key requirement which
a plaintiff needs to show is that there was a “predominant purpose” by the
conspirators to cause injury or damage to the plaintiff. The tort of
conspiracy by lawful means has this distinctive mental element because it is
precisely this predominant purpose to injure which renders the conduct of the
defendants, which would otherwise have been lawful, unlawful or illegitimate:
The Law of Torts in Singapore at [15.057] citing Wu Yang Construction at [77].
It bears noting, however, that a predominant purpose is not the same as
intention. This is illustrated by the following example (per the CA in Quah
Kay Tee (at [49]):

Second, there was the “predominant purpose” requirement. To use an analogy, if
a thief breaks a window to enter a room, the predominant purpose, which is
also synonymous with the motive or object, is to steal. His predominant
purpose, however, is not to break the window, although he must have intended
to break it so as to achieve his main purpose. Thus, a predominant purpose is
not the same as intention: see also Mckernan v Fraser (1931) 46 CLR 343 at
399–400.

[emphasis in original]

550 As to what could constitute a predominant purpose to cause injury, this
was discussed by the court in SH Cogent Logistics Pte Ltd and another v
Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd and others [2014] 4 SLR 1208 (“SH
Cogent”). The plaintiffs in that case were part of a group of companies that
held the master tenancy of a state-owned plot of land at the former Bukit
Timah Turf Club (the “Site”). The landlord was the Government of Singapore
which acted through the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”). The plaintiffs
claimed that the defendants (the previous master tenant of the Site and two of
its directors) had conspired to injure the plaintiffs leading up to the
handover of the Site from the defendants to the plaintiffs. The court had to
determine, inter alia, whether there was a predominant purpose on the part of
the defendants to cause damage to the plaintiffs. The court noted at ([56])
that in most cases of conspiracy, it was difficult to prove that the
“conspirators intended to cause damage to a claimant because the acts
committed pursuant to the conspiracy” would usually also benefit the
conspirators. This, however, was not a difficulty on the facts. Insofar as the
proof of conspiracy and the requisite mental element was concerned, that was
typically to be inferred from the objective facts (SH Cogent at [67]). In SH
Cogent, the following facts led the court to conclude that there was a
predominant purpose to injure:

(a) First, the transcripts of a meeting held on 1 December 2011 showed that
the defendants threatened to injure the plaintiffs unless the plaintiffs were
willing to provide the defendants with adequate compensation (SH Cogent at
[66], [69] and [85]).

(b) Second, the defendants persistently pressured the subtenants and licensees
to vacate the Site by 31 January 2012. This was done despite SLA’s express
request that the defendants facilitate a smooth transition in the handover to
the plaintiffs (SH Cogent at [66], [105] and [106]).

(c) Third, the court found that the defendants did not genuinely believe that
they were legally obliged to carry out reinstatement work arising from the
lapse of a written permission dated 19 August 2010 which was issued by the
Urban Redevelopment Authority (SH Cogent at [66], [116], [151] and [152]).

Plaintiffs’ position

551 The Plaintiffs pointed to the following unlawful acts which they claimed
the 3rd to 7th Defendants had conspired to commit. 591

##### Foot Note 591

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 305.

In the alternative, the Plaintiffs claimed that the same acts would still
constitute a conspiracy for the predominant purpose of harming Joe – and that
they were performed with the sole and predominant intention of injuring the
Plaintiffs. 592

##### Foot Note 592

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 367-368.

These acts were:

(a) Deliberately excluding Joe from the day-to-day management of AIQ and TCP,
and the commercial direction of their respective businesses. This was said to
be a breach of the Understanding and Agreement between Joe and GSS and/or
minority oppression under s 216.

(b) Acting in breach of the Understanding and Agreement by reneging on the 2:1
funding ratio and/or the 2:1 Funding Agreement.

(c) Carrying out the Rights Issue at an undervalue, not for any legitimate
fund-raising purpose, but for the predominant purpose of diluting Joe’s
shareholding in the company. This was said to be a breach of the Understanding
and Agreement as Joe was denied his right to convert his loans to equity under
the Rights Issue. This was also said to be a breach of the term that GSS would
not, whether by himself or through the 4th to 7th Defendants, perform any act
which would result in the substantial dilution of Joe’s shares in AIQ. There
was also a breach of the fiduciary duties owed to AIQ, and this act
constituted minority oppression under s 216.

(d) Denying Joe’s right to inspect the books and records of AIQ and TCP
despite Joe being a director of AIQ and TCP. This was said to be a breach of
the Understanding and Agreement, as well as a breach of Joe’s rights under s
199(3) of the Companies Act to inspect the company documents. It was also said
to be an act of minority oppression under s 216.

(e) Wrongfully removing Joe as a director of AIQ and TCP in order to prevent
him from investigation into the circumstances surrounding AIQ’s purported need
to raise further funding for its working capital and to conduct the Rights
Issue. This was said to constitute a breach of the Understanding and
Agreement, a breach of fiduciary and/or directors’ duties owed to AIQ, and a
breach of Article 70 of AIQ’s Constitution and Article 51(2) of TCP’s
Constitution.

(f) Procuring AIQ to falsely deny payment of outstanding loans and salary in
an effort to disable Joe from utilising some or part of the same to
participate in the Rights Issue, whether by set of or direct payment. This was
said to constitute a breach of the Understanding and Agreement, a breach of
Joe’s employment contract, a breach of Joe’s loan agreement with AIQ, a breach
of the Share Transfer Deed and minority oppression under s 216.

(g) Wrongfully diverting Joe’s shareholder loans to AIQ for TCP’s use without
his consent, as well as diverting AIQ’s staff and other resources for the
business and benefit of TCP including the diversion of approximately $500,000
of AIQ’s funds to TCP for TCP’s renovation costs. This was said to be a breach
of the Understanding and Agreement, a breach of fiduciary and/or directors’
duties as well as a breach of s 163 of the Companies Act.

(h) Procuring the publication of the Special Audit Report containing false
allegations of breaches of fiduciary duties against Joe with the intent of
casting aspersions on him before AIQ’s shareholders and providing ostensible
justification for GSS’ and the 4th to 7th Defendants’ actions in causing AIQ
to wrongly deny liability for Joe’s outstanding loans and salary, as part of
their attempt to disable Joe from utilising some or part of the outstanding
loans and salary (which were repayable on demand) to participate in the Rights
Issue, whether by set off or direct payment. This was said to be a breach of
the Understanding and Agreement, a breach of the Share Transfer Deed and Joe’s
employment contract. It was also said to be a breach of Joe’s loan agreement
with AIQ and an act of minority oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act.

(i) Conspiring to have AIQ and TCP wound up in order to frustrate Joe’s
recovery of his outstanding loans and salary, as well as the legal costs
incurred by Joe in pursuing the same. This was said to be a breach of the
Understanding and Agreement, a breach of the Share Transfer Deed, a breach of
Joe’s employment contract, a breach of Joe’s loan agreement with AIQ and
minority oppression under s 216.

(j) Entering into the Assignment Agreement / Misappropriation of the Secured
Patents, in order to continue development on the same in Scanto without Joe’s
involvement. This was said to be a breach of the Understanding and Agreement,
a breach of fiduciary and/or directors’ duties and a breach of s 160 of the
Companies Act.

(k) Deliberately engineering the winding up of AIQ and TCP so that GSS and the
4th to 7th Defendants would be able to continue developing and capitalizing on
the VRT without Joe’s involvement and as a means to conceal their wrongdoings.
This was said to be a breach of the Understanding and Agreement and was a
breach of fiduciary and/or directors’ duties to AIQ and TCP.

3rd to 7th Defendants’ position

552 In defending the conspiracy claim, the 3rd to 7th Defendants put forward
substantially the same narrative as that relied on for purposes of the
oppression claim, similar to their defence against the oppression claim.

My Decision

553 It will be seen from [551] that the Plaintiffs’ claims for both unlawful
means and lawful means conspiracy centred on the same allegations of the same
11 acts. These allegations were also substantially similar to the Plaintiffs’
allegations of the acts amounting to oppressive conduct in their s 216 claim.
In addressing the 11 allegations, where relevant, I will refer to the findings
I made in the context of the s 216 claim; and where necessary, I will repeat
an abridged version of those findings.

554 I next address each of the allegations in turn.

(1) Deliberately excluding Joe from day-to-day management of AIQ and TCP

555 According to the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, the (alleged) deliberate
exclusion of Joe from the “day-to-day management of AIQ and TCP” constituted
unlawful conduct for the purposes of the claim of unlawful means conspiracy
because it breached the Understanding and Agreement between Joe and GSS and/or
constituted oppressive conduct under s 216 Companies Act.

556 Given that I have found that the Understanding and Agreement did not exist
(at [203]–[274]), it followed that this part of the unlawful means conspiracy
claim fell away. As for the contention that Joe’s exclusion from the
management of the two companies constituted oppressive conduct, I have also
found in the context of the oppression claim, in any event, that Joe’s removal
from the boards of these two companies was not oppressive (see [427]–[431]).

557 I should highlight that one of the Plaintiffs’ arguments was that in the
context of their conspiracy claim, their reference to Joe’s exclusion from
day-to-day management of AIQ and TCP encompassed more than Joe’s removal from
their boards of directors. 593

##### Foot Note 593

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 333.

According to the Plaintiffs, the deliberate exclusion of Joe from day-to-day
management involved a separate series of acts. The problem for the Plaintiffs,
however, was that they were unable to explain exactly what acts made up this
separate series of acts – apart from reiterating the complaint about Joe’s
requests for documents from and information on the two companies having been
stonewalled.

558 To be clear, the Plaintiffs did not claim that Joe was denied access to
all documents and information. Joe’s accountant, Wong Yuen Ling Lucius
(“Lucius”) 594

##### Foot Note 594

×

AEIC of Wong Yuen Ling Lucius at paras 2 and 12.

testified that Kian Wai did engage him “on requests that [Lucius] made on
behalf of [Joe] for documents and information”. 595

##### Foot Note 595

×

Transcript of 18 August 2022 at p 9 ln 6 to 21.

Lucius claimed that there was “a selective refusal” to provide some
information. 596

##### Foot Note 596

×

Transcript of 18 August 2022 at p 10 ln 7.

In their closing submissions, the Plaintiffs included a table in which they
claimed to have listed and summarised all the various queries posed by Joe to
Kian Wai and which were never provided by the latter. 597

##### Foot Note 597

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 113.

These queries were said to have been posed via four requests for documents or
information made by Joe on 14 November 2017, 15 January 2018, 18 April 2018,
and 10 May 2018 respectively. 598

##### Foot Note 598

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 112; 5ABOD at p 300, p 611; 6ABOD at p 77, p
695; 10ABOD at p 532.

559 Regrettably, in yet another apparent instance of last-minute surprises
sprung on the defence, this “summary” was brought up only for the first time
in the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions. While Kian Wai was cross-examined
about some of the items listed in the “summary”, 599

##### Foot Note 599

×

Transcript of 24 August 2022 at p 101 ln 17 to p 105 ln 9; p 116 ln 18 to p
117 ln 21; p 117 ln 10 to p 120 ln 25; p 121 ln 1 to p 124 ln 3.

the Plaintiffs also included in the “summary” additional instances of
allegedly unsuccessful requests by Joe which Kian Wai was not given an
opportunity in cross-examination to explain.

560 Leaving aside the regrettable procedural breaches by the Plaintiffs, even
taking their case at its highest, all that this “summary” purported to show
was that some of Joe’s queries appeared not to have been answered. This would
not by any stretch of imagination amount to Joe being “excluded from the day-
to-day management of AIQ and TCP”. I should add that on the evidence before
me, a good number of the requests made by Joe appeared to require AIQ to carry
out extra work in order to produce the documents or information requested –
including, for example, Joe’s request for the “cash-flow projections for AIQ
in respect of the VRT”, as well as accompanying details and descriptions of
funds transferred from AIQ to TCP such as “date, amount, method of transfer”,
and “who had authorised and made these transfers”. From the evidence in the
agreed bundles submitted at trial, it did not appear that these were documents
which were already readily available within AIQ. In any event, since the
Plaintiffs had waited until closing submissions to put in their “summary”,
they were the ones who had deprived Kian Wai (and the other Directors) of the
opportunity to clarify whether all the documents listed in the “summary” were
documents which already existed at the time of Joe’s requests. In Mukherjee
Amitava v DyStar Global Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others [2018] 2 SLR
1054 (“DyStar Global”), the Court of Appeal agreed (at [37]) that the right to
inspection under s 199(3) of the Companies Act would extend only to accounting
and other records “that are, at the material time, kept by the company and are
therefore in existence” [emphasis in original] and that the provision “does
not contemplate or call for the generation and creation of new documents”
[emphasis in original]. In the circumstances, insofar as the Plaintiffs
submitted that the nature of the unlawfulness was founded on a breach of s
199(3) of the Companies Act, 600

##### Foot Note 600

×

Pf Closing Submissions at S/N 4 of para 305 and at para 339.

I declined to infer that these were documents which were already “kept by the
company and therefore in existence” at the time of Joe’s requests.

561 Further and in any event, the evidence showed that far from exhibiting any
pattern of “stonewalling” as characterised by the Plaintiffs, Kian Wai was
generally diligent in responding to Joe’s many requests for documents and
information. For example, following Joe’s request on 11 December 2017 for the
records of all the “expenses for human resources” of AIQ and TCP for the
preceding 12 months, Kian Wai worked with AIQ’s office manager to retrieve the
records and sent these to Joe by the end of the same day. 601

##### Foot Note 601

×

5ABOD at p 485-492.

As another example, when asked on 16 December 2017 for financial documents
relating to AIQ and the auditors’ work, Kian Wai responded on the same day
with AIQ’s bank statements; 602

##### Foot Note 602

×

3ABOD at p 347-348.

and on 30 December 2017, he also sent Lucius information about the 2014 and
2015 balance sheets as well as the relevant auditors’ work for the 2014
closing. 603

##### Foot Note 603

×

5ABOD at p 605-610.

562 To recap, therefore, the only real instance of “exclusion from day-to-day
management” that the Plaintiffs were able to cite related to the alleged
“stonewalling” of Joe’s requests for documents and information – but the
objective evidence before me failed to disclose any such “stonewalling”. This
failure was fatal to both the unlawful means and lawful means conspiracy
claims.

563 Additionally, the Plaintiffs were unable to adduce any evidence of the 3rd
to 7th Defendants having combined to “stonewall” Joe’s requests and/or or
exclude Joe from “day-to-day management” of the two companies. The evidence
which the Plaintiffs cited in support of their allegation of exclusion from
“day-to-day management” really only comprised emails purporting to show Kian
Wai’s “stonewalling” of Joe’s requests. There was no objective evidence of a
combination among the 3rd to 7th Defendants. For the purposes of the lawful
means conspiracy claim, there was also no objective evidence of Kian Wai
having acted with the predominant purpose of injuring Joe by (allegedly)
“stonewalling” his requests – and certainly no objective evidence of such
predominant purpose on the part of the 3rd to 7th Defendants.

(2) Acting in breach of the Understanding and Agreement by reneging on the 2:1
Funding Agreement

564 The next act which the Plaintiffs alleged was performed in furtherance of
an agreement between the 3rd to 7th Defendants was the alleged breach of the
2:1 Funding Agreement, which – it will be recalled – was said to be an express
term of the Understanding and Agreement between Joe and GSS. As I have found
that there was no Understanding and Agreement, there could not be any such
express term. It followed that there could not be any breach of such an
express term so as to found an unlawful means conspiracy claim.

565 As for the claim in lawful means conspiracy, while it is true that GSS
refused to continue funding AIQ together with Joe on a 2:1 ratio, the
Plaintiffs were unable to adduce any evidence to prove that there was a
combination of the 3rd to 7th Defendants to reject a 2:1 funding ratio.
Indeed, the evidence showed that it was clearly GSS’ own decision. While the
Plaintiffs sought to rely on a number of emails as purported evidence of a
combination of the 3rd to 7th Defendants, 604

##### Foot Note 604

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 312.

what the Plaintiffs failed to point out was that these emails only told part
of the story. The 4th to 7th Defendants did not dispute that they had at one
point tried unsuccessfully to persuade Joe to agree to the funding ratio of
1:2.42 proposed by GSS. However, this simply formed part of their various
efforts to keep the funding flowing for AIQ. When it became clear that Joe and
GSS would not accept each other’s proposed funding ratio, the 4th to 7th
Defendants tried to find a compromise by urging both men to consider funding
AIQ in the interim on a 1:1 ratio (ie in equal proportions). Thus for example,
on 18 November 2017, Kian Wai had proposed that both Joe and GSS fund AIQ on a
“50:50” basis. 605

##### Foot Note 605

×

5ABOD at p 343-344.

On 17 December 2017, Kian Wai continued to push for and encourage GSS to agree
to a one-off interim funding measure on a “50:50” basis despite GSS having
stated the day before that he was insisting on his 1:2.42 funding ratio. 606

##### Foot Note 606

×

5ABOD at p 592-594.

On 5 January 2018, Kian Wai continued to push for an interim 50:50 ratio
between Joe and GSS in order for AIQ to meet its funding requirements. 607

##### Foot Note 607

×

5ABOD at p 751.

This was evidence which plainly militated against the Plaintiffs’ submission
that the 4th to 7th Defendants were in “combination” with GSS on the issue of
the funding ratio.

(3) Carrying out the Rights Issue at an undervalue, not for any legitimate
fund-raising purpose, but for the predominant purpose of diluting Joe’s
shareholding in AIQ

566 The next act which the Plaintiffs claimed was performed in furtherance of
the 3rd to 7th Defendants’ agreement was the alleged conduct of an
“undervalued” Rights Issue “without any legitimate fund-raising purpose” on 30
January 2018. 608

##### Foot Note 608

×

Pf Closing Submissions at S/N 3 of para 305.

567 In this connection, I have found that there were genuine commercial
reasons for the launch of the Rights Issue and for the manner in which it was
priced (see [353]–[422] above). Having regard to the findings set out earlier,
it followed that the Rights Issue of 30 January 2018 was not an unlawful act
which could form the basis of a claim in unlawful means conspiracy. The
findings I arrived at on the genuine commercial reasons for the Rights Issue –
and on the 4th to 7th Defendants’ concerns at the material time – would also
militate against the inference of any “predominant purpose” to cause injury or
harm to Joe.

(4) Denying Joe’s right to inspect the books and records of AIQ and TCP
despite Joe being a director of AIQ and TCP

568 The next act which the Plaintiffs claimed was performed in furtherance of
the 3rd to 7th Defendants’ agreement was the alleged denial of Joe’s right to
inspect AIQ’s and TCP’s books and records despite Joe’s position as a director
of both companies.

569 For the reasons set out earlier at [557]–[562], I was satisfied that there
was no wrongful denial by the 4th to 7th Defendants of Joe’s right as a
director under s 199 Companies Act to inspect AIQ’s and TCP’s books and
records.

570 In arguing that there was wrongful denial of Joe’s right under s 199, the
Plaintiffs sought to make much of the 4th to 7th Defendants’ conduct in
resisting Joe’s Inspection Application. The Plaintiffs claimed that this was
done for the purpose of buying the 3rd to 7th Defendants time to convene an
EGM to get Joe removed as a director of AIQ – and by stripping Joe of his
directorship, thereby to compel him to abandon his Inspection Application. 609

##### Foot Note 609

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 341-342.

However, this argument was unsupported by the objective evidence. The
Inspection Application was filed by Joe on 22 May 2018. 610

##### Foot Note 610

×

AEIC of 6th Df at para 81; AEIC of 1st Pf at para 146..

Based on the documentary evidence available, the 4th to 7th Defendants had on
10 May 2018 already informed the shareholders of AIQ that an EGM was to be
held on 28 May 2018, with all the directors being put up for re-election
(including Joe). 611

##### Foot Note 611

×

6ABOD at p 802-804.

In other words, even before the Inspection Application was filed, the 4th to
7th Defendants had already made known to shareholders the plans for an EGM on
28 May 2018 to re-elect directors; and nothing in the evidence before me
indicated that they found themselves needing to “buy time” for this EGM when
Joe subsequently filed the Inspection Application on 22 May 2018.

571 Additionally, as I observed earlier (at [557]–[562]), the evidence showed
that Kian Wai had in fact been accommodating of Joe’s many requests for
documents and information. 612

##### Foot Note 612

×

AEIC of 6th Df at paras 79-81.

In the circumstances, I accepted that the 4th to 7th Defendants had valid
reasons for resisting the Inspection Application 613

##### Foot Note 613

×

4th-7th Df Closing Submissions at paras 117-118.

– at least until the court decided either to issue an order for inspection or
to refuse such an order. In this connection, the observations of the court in
Baker, Samuel Cranage v SPH Interactive Pte Ltd [2022] SGHC 238 (“Baker”) were
helpful (albeit not to the Plaintiffs’ case). In Baker, the court found that
there was nothing unlawful in the defendant directors’ approach to the
question of the plaintiffs’ access to information: the directors had simply
resisted the request for information, and followed through after an order was
made. The court held (at [73]):

An application under CA s 199 is readily allowed by the court and so it proved
in Mr Baker’s case. It is another matter altogether however to treat the
company’s resistance to such an application as an act of oppression. It has
not been established that the application was resisted in bad faith, as
opposed to, for example, legitimate concern about the scope of the documents
sought. Moreover, I accept the defendants’ contention that any prejudice to
the plaintiffs was eliminated upon SSTG’s compliance with the order obtained
by Mr Baker. I note further that the application under CA s 199 was both
commenced and concluded while these minority oppression proceedings were
afoot. I am not able to find that resistance to this application establishes
or fortifies the plaintiffs’ case.

572 In similar vein, in the present case, there was no evidence of bad faith
on the 4th to 7th Defendants’ part.

573 To recap therefore, for the purposes of the unlawful conspiracy, the
Plaintiffs were unable to prove that there was wrongful denial of Joe’s right
under s 199 Companies Act and/or that his right under s 199 was denied.

574 Further and in any event, in respect of both the unlawful and lawful means
conspiracy claims, for the reasons set out at [563], the Plaintiffs were
unable to prove that there was a combination of the 3rd to 7th Defendants to
deny Joe’s right under s 199 and/or that they acted to resist his exercise of
such right with the predominant purpose of injuring him.

(5) Wrongfully removing Joe as a director of AIQ and TCP in order to prevent
him from conducting an investigation into why a Rights Issue was needed to
raise further funds for AIQ

575 The next act which the Plaintiffs claimed was performed in furtherance of
an agreement between the 3rd to 7th Defendants was the alleged wrongful
removal of Joe as a director of AIQ and TCP.

(A) Unlawful means conspiracy

(I) Whether the removal of Joe as a director of AIQ and TCP was unlawful
conduct

576 In respect of the claim in unlawful means conspiracy, the element of
unlawfulness relied on by the Plaintiffs related to the procedural
irregularities allegedly committed by the 4th to 7th Defendants in removing
Joe from the boards of AIQ and TCP. These were addressed in some detail in the
context of the Plaintiffs’ oppression claim (see [424]–[431]) above. In gist,
the 4th to 7th Defendants were said to have breached Article 70 of AIQ’s
Constitution and Article 51(2) of TCP’s Constitution.

577 Since the 4th to 7th Defendants have not pleaded reliance on s 392
Companies Act, I will not address s 392 Companies Act.

578 As to whether a breach of AIQ’s and TCP’s Constitutions may amount to an
“unlawful act” for the purposes of a claim in unlawful means conspiracy, it is
trite that a breach of contract may satisfy the requirement of an unlawful act
(Shanghai Afute Food and Beverage Management Co Ltd v Tan Swee Meng and others
[2023] SGHC 34 at [126] citing PT Sandipala Arthaputra and others v
STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others [2018] 1 SLR 818 (“PT
Sandipala”) at [52]; The Monarch Beverage Company (Europe) Ltd v Kickapoo
(Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and Another [2009] SGHC 55 at [73]–[74] and [107]). A
company’s constitution is a statutory contract between the members of the
company (see s 39(1) Companies Act; Independent State of Papua New Guinea v
PNG Sustainable Development Program Ltd [2020] 2 SLR 200 at [40]–[41]). In
principle, therefore, a breach of a company’s constitution may amount to an
“unlawful act" for the purposes of a claim in unlawful means conspiracy.

579 In the present case, however, even if I were to accept that there were
breaches of AIQ’s Constitution and TCP’s Constitution by the 4th to 7th
Defendants in the manner of Joe’s removal as director and that these breaches
could amount to an “unlawful act” for the purposes of their claim in unlawful
means conspiracy, the Plaintiffs were unable to prove the element of a
combination between the 3rd to 7th Defendants.

(II) Whether there was combination and agreement between the 3rd and 7th
Defendants to remove Joe as a director of both AIQ and TCP

580 In this connection, the Plaintiffs cited a number of email discussions
between GSS and 4th to 7th Defendants as evidence that they had combined and
agreed to remove Joe as a director. In particular, emphasis was placed on the
email exchanges of 26 May 2018 and 27 May 2018. On examining the relevant
emails, however, it was clear to me that the Plaintiffs had misconstrued their
contents and/or overstated their significance.

581 Thus, for example, in respect of Kian Wai’s email of 26 May 2018 614

##### Foot Note 614

×

7ABOD at p 26-27.

to GSS and the other Directors, this email was expressly stated to be a “short
summary” of a meeting with AIQ’s lawyer on the previous day. From the bullet
point which stated “So far, every proxy form is supportive of our resolution”,
it was clear that Kian Wai and AIQ’s lawyers had seen the proxy voting forms
which had come in prior to the EGM. It will be recalled that the notice of EGM
615

##### Foot Note 615

×

1ABOD at p 409-410.

called for shareholders to pass (a) a resolution which would authorise the AIQ
board to complete the acquisition of TCP; (b) resolutions for the re-election
of each of the existing AIQ directors (including Joe); and (c) a resolution to
authorise the board thus re-elected to appoint an independent third party to
conduct a special audit to inter alia review the accounts and transactions for
FY 2014 and FY 2015, to oversee such special audit, and eventually to inform
shareholders of the special audit results. The statement that “[s]o far every
proxy form is supportive of our resolution” was explained by the very next
bullet point which stated, “[w]e do not have any objection vote on our
proposed resolution, except for the re-election of Joe”. This latter bullet
point thus revealed that the proxy voting forms received by AIQ “so far” (ie
as at 26 May 2018) indicated support for all the resolutions which were to be
put forward at the EGM on 28 May 2018 – except for the resolution calling for
Joe’s re-election: in other words, there had been proxy voting forms which
indicated objections to Joe’s re-election. The next bullet point then stated
that Joe’s proxy Lucius had voted in favour of “every resolution” (ie
including the resolution for Joe’s re-election), except for the resolution to
complete the acquisition of TCP which Lucius abstained from voting on.

582 In short, it would appear that Kian Wai’s email of 26 May 2018 – far from
being a “battle plan” put forward to GSS and the other Directors for their
agreement – was simply an update to the others of what AIQ’s lawyers had
advised was likely to happen at the 28 May 2018 EGM, given the proxy votes
received by that stage.

583 This would explain the first line in GSS’ email reply on 27 May 2018. 616

##### Foot Note 616

×

7ABOD at p 26.

The vague – even perfunctory – line “[t]hank you and [g]ood luck” was hardly
indicative of agreement to and/or endorsement of a plan to remove Joe from the
AIQ board. If GSS had indeed combined and agreed with the 4th to 7th
Defendants to remove Joe from the AIQ board at the EGM, this would necessarily
have entailed GSS using his majority voting power at the EGM to vote against
Joe’s re-election – in which case GSS would surely have acknowledged the
virtually certain outcome of the proposed vote. As for the second line
(“[h]opefully this is the first step that will take Joe to prison”), this
appeared to be a reference to the draft resolution authorising the re-elected
board to appoint an independent special auditor.

584 I add that I did not think there was anything sinister in Kian Wai
updating GSS on the information received from AIQ’s lawyers. By mid-2018, GSS
was effectively the sole funder of AIQ; and it would not have been
unreasonable for Kian Wai to wish to keep him informed of what the company’s
lawyers had said about the upcoming EGM. The critical question here was
whether – quite apart from informing GSS of what the lawyers had said – Kian
Wai and the other directors were seen to have combined with GSS to effect
Joe’s removal from the board; and as I have explained, the Plaintiffs were
unable to prove this.

585 In respect of Joe’s removal from the TCP board, there was no evidence at
all to support an inference that the 3rd to 7th Defendants had combined and
agreed to remove Joe from the board. The Plaintiffs essentially submitted that
an inference should be drawn of such a combination because removing Joe from
the TCP board must have required concerted action on the part of GSS and 4th
to 7th Defendants. 617

##### Foot Note 617

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 243.

No evidence was proffered in support of this submission; and I declined to
draw the inference argued for. The fact that the 4th to 7th Defendants had
concluded it was in TCP’s interest to remove Joe from its board and the fact
that AIQ eventually voted against Joe’s re-election were not enough in my view
to justify the conclusion that the 3rd to 7th Defendants had combined to
remove Joe from the TCP board.

586 The above findings at [580]–[585] applied to both the unlawful means and
lawful means conspiracy claims.

(III) Whether GSS and 4th to 7th Defendants had the intention to cause damage
or injury to Joe

587 Finally, even if I were to assume for the sake of argument that the
Plaintiffs were able to prove the element of combination between the 3rd to
7th Defendants, I found that they were unable to prove that the 3rd to 7th
Defendants acted with the intention to cause damage or injury to Joe. It will
be recalled that the test for such intention requires proof that that “injury
to the claimant must have been intended as a means to an end or as an end in
itself” (EFT Holdings at [101]) (at [548] above). This meant that it was not
enough for the Plaintiffs simply to show that harm would be a likely or
probable or even inevitable consequence of Joe’s removal as a director.
Instead, the Plaintiffs had to show that the 3rd to 7th Defendants had
intended to cause harm to Joe as an end itself or as to a means to an end.

588 In respect of AIQ, the Plaintiffs’ case was that the 3rd to 7th Defendants
were aiming to remove Joe from the AIQ board in order to block his access to
the company’s financial records and put an end to his inquiring into the
company’s affairs. 618

##### Foot Note 618

×

SOC (Amendment No.3) at paras 54A-54C.

The Plaintiffs also contended that the 3rd to 7th Defendants intended to
remove Joe as a director in order to frustrate his attempts at obtaining the
relevant information and documents through his Inspection Application. 619

##### Foot Note 619

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 248.

589 I found that the evidence did not support such a conclusion. First, as I
pointed out earlier, far from the Defendants having tried to block Joe’s
access to the company’s financial records and/or to cut off any attempt to
seek information, the evidence showed that Kian Wai had all along been trying
his best to accommodate Joe’s numerous requests for documents and information.
Second, by 3 May 2018, 620

##### Foot Note 620

×

6ABOD at p 779.

Kian Wai had already mentioned in an email the idea of Joe exiting the board
in the event all directors were put up for election. By 10 May 2018, all AIQ
shareholders had been notified of the EGM to be held on 28 May 2018, where
(inter alia) the re-election of all directors was to be put to the vote. In
contrast, on the Plaintiffs’ own evidence, Joe’s Inspection Application was
only filed on 23 May 2018. 621

##### Foot Note 621

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 248.

In short, therefore, the evidence did not support an inference that the 3rd to
the 7th Defendants decided to remove Joe from the AIQ board in order to
prevent him from getting access to the company’s financial records and/or
asking for information.

590 On the contrary, the evidence pointed to 4th to 7th Defendants having
honestly believed that it was in AIQ’s interest to remove Joe from the board.
It will be recalled that up till the point of Joe’s removal as a director of
AIQ, AIQ had been struggling with audit issues and had been unable to finalise
its FY 2014 and FY 2015 financial statements. 622

##### Foot Note 622

×

5ABOD at p 421-438; AEIC of 6th Df at paras 26-30.

I have recounted in detail earlier (at [449]–[456]) how this sorry state of
affairs came about because of the auditors’ queries about certain suspicious
transactions which AIQ had entered into in the earlier period when Joe was a
directors but the 4th to 7th Defendants had yet to join the company. It will
be recalled too that some of these suspicious transactions involved
substantial payments having been made by AIQ to entities in which Joe had an
interest. I have also recounted earlier (at [449]–[456]) Joe’s repeated
failure to provide satisfactory responses to the auditors’ queries and the 4th
to 7th Defendants’ concern about the adverse effect which the audit issues had
on AIQ’s efforts to raise funds. In relation to TCP, the difficulties which
AIQ faced in raising funds due to the lack of “clean” books would obviously
also impact TCP, which depended at least in part on loans from AIQ to fund its
operations (as at [299]–[307] above). More generally, the concerns over the
potentially improper past transactions and Joe’s role therein had led the 4th
to 7th Defendants to view Joe with considerable circumspection. These
circumstances showed that the 4th to 7th Defendants had grounds for harbouring
reservations about the manner in which Joe had conducted himself as director –
and in believing that it was in the companies’ best interests to exit him from
the boards.

591 Finally, the evidence showed that the 4th to 7th Defendants had sought and
acted upon the advice of the companies’ lawyers before proceeding with the AIQ
EGM and the TCP AGM. For example, in the lead-up to the 28 May 2018 EGM, Kian
Wai updated the other Directors on 3 May 2018 623

##### Foot Note 623

×

6ABOD at p 778-779.

and 26 May 2018 about advice from AIQ’s lawyers. 624

##### Foot Note 624

×

7ABOD at p 26-27.

The fact that the 4th to 7th Defendants had sought and acted upon lawyers’
advice suggested to me that they were concerned to ensure that they were
acting lawfully. This formed yet another piece of evidence that militated
against their having harboured any wrongful intent to injure or damage Joe.

592 In light of the above reasons, I rejected the Plaintiffs’ contention that
the 3rd to 7th Defendants had acted with the intention to injure or harm Joe
vis-à-vis his removal as a director of AIQ and TCP. For the same reasons, I
also rejected their contention that the 3rd to 7th Defendants had acted with
the “predominant purpose” of injuring Joe.

(6) Procuring AIQ to falsely deny Joe’s claims for outstanding loans and
salary in an effort to disable Joe from utilising some or part of the same to
participate in the Rights Issue

593 Next, the Plaintiffs claimed that in furtherance of an agreement between
them, the 3rd to 7th Defendants procured AIQ to falsely deny Joe’s claims for
outstanding loans and salary. As with their oppression claim, the Plaintiffs
claimed that this was done by the 3rd to 7th Defendants in order to prevent
Joe from using the monies to participate in the Rights Issue.

594 I have explained earlier why the 4th to 7th Defendants were justified in
refusing Joe’s proposal to participate in the Rights Issue by converting his
loans into shares (see [370]–[373] above). I have also explained earlier why I
found that the 4th to 7th Defendants had valid reasons to resist Joe’s claims
for payment of outstanding loans and salary at the points in time when he
demanded payment – notwithstanding (inter alia) the existence of the Share
Transfer Deed. In light of these earlier findings, even if it could be said
that there had been a breach of AIQ’s loan agreement with Joe and/or the
employment agreement and/or the Share Transfer Deed, this appeared to me to be
a case in which the principle in Said v Butt [1920] 3 KB 497 (“Said v Butt
principle”) should apply to confer 4th to 7th Defendants with immunity from
personal liability. As the CA explained in PT Sandipala (at [53]–[65]), the
Said v Butt principle provides that when a director acts bona fide within the
scope of his authority, he is ordinarily immune from tortious liability for
procuring his company’s breach of contract. Thus, for example, where a
company’s former managing director sued the other directors for unlawfully
conspiring to induce the company to terminate his employment contract with the
company, the Said v Butt principle would be capable of application if the
directors could show that they had acted bona fide within the scope of their
office (Chong Hon Kuan Ivan v Levy Maurice and others [2004] 4 SLR(R) 801 at
[43]–[44]). In the present case, it followed from my earlier findings at
[486]–[502] that the 4th to 7th Defendants were acting bona fide within the
scope of their office when they caused AIQ to resist paying off Joe’s salary
and loan claims at the points in time when he demanded payment. Accordingly,
by virtue of the Said v Butt principle, they should be entitled to immunity
from liability in respect of the Plaintiffs’ claims in unlawful and lawful
means conspiracy.

595 Further and in the alternative, the Plaintiffs were unable to point to any
objective evidence to show that there was a combination of the 3rd to the 7th
Defendants to cause AIQ to wrongfully deny Joe’s salary and loan claims. GSS
consistently maintained that these were management matters for the 4th to 7th
Defendants to handle; and although the Plaintiffs claimed that GSS was in
truth the “shadow director” pulling the 4th to 7th Defendants’ strings, I have
explained (at [283]–[289]) why I found this allegation about GSS’ role to be
baseless. On the evidence adduced, in short, there was nothing to show that
GSS took part in the 4th to 7th Defendants’ decisions to cause AIQ to resist
payment of Joe’s salary and loan claims.

596 Further and in any event, even assuming the Plaintiffs were able to prove
a combination of the 3rd to the 7th Defendants, I was satisfied – in light of
my findings that the 4th to 7th Defendants had genuine reasons to resist
payment – that the Plaintiffs were unable to prove that the Defendants acted
with an intention to cause injury to Joe; much less, that they acted for the
predominant purpose of causing injury to Joe.

(7) Wrongfully diverting Joe’s shareholder loans to AIQ as well as other
resources to TCP without Joe’s consent

597 Next, the Plaintiffs alleged that the 3rd to 7th Defendants conspired to
divert AIQ’s funds and other resources to TCP. The Plaintiffs claimed that Joe
did not realise that his shareholder loans to AIQ were being diverted to TCP
along with other resources such as AIQ staff; and that he never gave his
consent to this diversion of resources.

598 I have found earlier that Joe was involved from the outset in the
discussions about the setting-up of TCP; that he approved the proposal to set
up TCP as a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIQ; and that he understood that upon
TCP’s incorporation, resources from AIQ would have to be channelled to TCP, as
there was no other source of funding for TCP at that stage (see [299]–[307]).
I have also found that there was ample documentary evidence to show that Joe
was regularly updated about TCP’s funding needs and was well aware that the
monies he lent AIQ were being used – at least in part – to fund TCP’s
expenses. In the circumstances, it was entirely unmeritorious – indeed,
disingenuous – of Joe to claim that AIQ funds and other resources were
diverted to TCP without his knowledge and consent. The movement of funds and
other resources from AIQ to TCP could not therefore form the basis for a claim
by the Plaintiffs in conspiracy (whether by unlawful or lawful means).

(8) Procuring the publication of the SAR containing false allegations of
breaches of fiduciary duties against Joe

599 Next, in respect of the Plaintiffs’ allegation about the commissioning of
the “untrue” and “malicious” Special Audit Report, I have earlier set out in
some detail my findings that the 4th to 7th Defendants had genuine reasons to
commission a Special Audit Report and subsequently to issue a summary of the
findings in this report to all AIQ shareholders (see at [448]–[457],
[468]–[471]). I have also explained (at [458]–[467]) why I found that the
Plaintiffs were unable to substantiate their allegations about the Special
Audit Report being filled with malicious untruths. In light of my earlier
findings, I was satisfied that the Plaintiffs could not prove any “unlawful”
element in the commissioning of the Special Audit and/or in the issuance of a
summary of the findings to AIQ shareholders.

600 In this connection, I noted that the Plaintiffs sought to rely on two
emails 625

##### Foot Note 625

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 370.

dated 2 February 2018 and 27 May 2018 respectively, in which GSS had expressed
the hope that the 4th to 7th Defendants would “not do things in half measure”
(email of 2 February 2018), that they “go all the way to drive [Joe] out of
AIQ and Singapore”, 626

##### Foot Note 626

×

6ABOD at p 272-273.

and that the Special Audit would be “the first step that will take Joe to
prison” (email of 27 May 2018). 627

##### Foot Note 627

×

7ABOD at p 26.

601 Having read the two emails, I did not find them to be of any real
assistance to the Plaintiffs’ case. GSS’ email of 2 February 2018 628

##### Foot Note 628

×

6ABOD at p 272-273.

was sent only to Kian Wai. The remark “Let us not do things in half measure.
Let’s go all the way to drive [Joe] out of AIQ and Singapore” was made by GSS
in relation to his suggestion to Kian Wai that complaints against Joe should
be lodged with ACRA and the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) in view of Joe’s fear
of “unwelcome government attention”. Despite GSS’ request that Kian Wai
“share” his email with “the others” (presumably the other Directors), Kian
Wai’s reply was simply that he had “noted” it and shared it with AIQ’s lawyers
("JLC"). There was no evidence that Kian Wai – or any of the other Directors –
agreed with and endorsed GSS’ remarks and suggestions. On the basis of such
evidence, it was simply not possible to find that there was a “combination” of
the 3rd to 7th Defendants and/or that the 3rd to 7th Defendants acted with the
intention to cause injury to Joe. A fortiori, there was no evidence on which
to find that they acted with the “predominant purpose” of causing injury to
Joe.

602 In respect of the second email dated 27 May 2018, while it was true that
GSS had alluded to his hope that the Special Audit would be “the first step
that will take Joe to prison”, as I explained earlier (at [456]), this
appeared to me to be an instance of GSS venting his spleen in private; and
there was no evidence to show that the 4th to 7th Defendants endorsed his
comment or that they worked together thereafter to cause injury to Joe.
Indeed, it would appear that Joe was given multiple opportunities to resolve
the audit issues with the auditors – and that the Special Audit was launched
only after Joe’s repeated failure to provide satisfactory answers to the
auditors (at [449]–[454] above).

(9) Whether the Plaintiffs’ claims about winding-up and the Assignment
Agreement are properly based on personal wrongs

(A) Conspiring to have AIQ and TCP wound up in order to frustrate Joe’s
recovery of his outstanding loans and salary, as well as the legal costs
incurred by Joe in pursuing the same

603 Next, the Plaintiffs alleged that the 3rd to 7th Defendants unlawfully
conspired to wind up AIQ and TCP in order to frustrate Joe’s efforts to
recover his outstanding loans and salary. As a starting point, I have earlier
found that there was no wrongdoing associated with the winding-up of both
companies: on the evidence adduced, they were wound up on legitimate grounds:
both companies were unable to pay their debts and could not raise further
fresh funding (at [512]–[515] above). Accordingly, there was no element of
unlawfulness to support a claim of unlawful means conspiracy.

604 I have also found (at [525]–[531]) that despite AIQ’s dire financial
straits, the 4th to 7th Defendants had put in considerable work to keep the
business going and to ask GSS for further funding; further, that their lack of
success in developing and commercialising the VRT was in no way due to a lack
of effort. I have highlighted too (at [532]) AIQ’s consistent loss-making
record – even during the three-year period from 2014 to 2017, when Joe was a
director and prior to the 4th to 7th Defendants joining the board. Having
regard to these findings, I found that the Plaintiffs could not prove that the
3rd to 7th Defendants had combined and agreed to engineer the winding-up of
AIQ and TCP, nor could the Plaintiffs prove that the 3rd to 7th Defendants had
the intention (much less, “predominant purpose”) to cause injury to Joe by
winding up the companies.

(B) Assignment Agreement / Misappropriation of the Secured Patents in order to
continue development on the same in Scanto without Joe’s involvement

605 The Plaintiffs also alleged that the 3rd to 7th Defendants unlawfully
conspired to misappropriate the Secured Patents from AIQ for GSS’ benefit, by
causing AIQ to enter into the Assignment Agreement with GSS. I have earlier
found that there was no wrongful conduct on the part of the 3rd to 7th
Defendants in relation to the Assignment Agreement (see [534]–[543]). Given my
findings, there was no element of unlawfulness to support a claim of unlawful
means conspiracy.

606 The Plaintiffs also failed to satisfy me that the 3rd to 7th Defendants
had the intention to cause injury to Joe by bringing about the Assignment
Agreement; much less, that they acted with the predominant purpose of causing
Joe injury or harm 629

##### Foot Note 629

×

Pf Closing Submissions at paras 366-372.

. In this connection, the two emails cited by the Plaintiffs were taken out of
context and did not in fact provide any real support for the Plaintiffs’ case.
The first email was the email from GSS dated 2 February 2018 630

##### Foot Note 630

×

6ABOD at p 272-273.

; and while GSS did in this email suggest to Kian Wai that complaints should
be made to ACRA and MOM about Joe’s record as a director, it was clear that
Kian Wai’s only response was to acknowledge that he would share GSS’ comments
with AIQ’s lawyers: there was no evidence that Kian Wai – or the 4th to 7th
Defendants as a whole – agreed with and endorsed GSS’ suggestion about using
Joe’s fear of “unwelcome government attention” to “drive him out of AIQ and
Singapore”. Nor was there any evidence that GSS’ suggestion that complaints be
made to ACRA and MOM was ever taken up. More fundamentally, there was no
discussion in this email of GSS’ purported desire and/or plans to make use of
AIQ’s financial woes to obtain the Secured Patents on the cheap. As for the
second email, this was the oft-cited email of 27 May 2018 631

##### Foot Note 631

×

7ABOD at p 26.

in which GSS, upon hearing of the impending launch of a Special Audit,
expressed the hope that it would be the “first step” that would “take Joe to
prison”. I have noted earlier that this remark appeared to be an instance of
GSS venting his spleen in private. More importantly, again, there was no
discussion in this email of GSS’ purported desire and/or plans to make use of
AIQ’s financial woes to obtain the Secured Patents on the cheap. In the
circumstances, I did not find that either email offered any support to the
Plaintiffs’ claims of conspiracy vis-à-vis the Assignment Agreement.

607 Finally, I rejected the Plaintiffs’ contention that the 4th to 7th
Defendants had “simply rolled over without any resistance”, when GSS had
brought his winding up application against AIQ, when GSS would have been
required to account to AIQ for the balance of any proceeds from the Secured
Patents. 632

##### Foot Note 632

×

Pf Closing Submissions at para 371.

Having regard to the findings set out at [513]–[515], and having regard in
particular to the fact that the Secured Patents had failed to generate any
monetary value or returns in all the time since their registration, there was
simply no basis for the Plaintiffs to insinuate that the Secured Patents could
have been used to reduce or discharge the sums owing under GSS’ Convertible
Loan Agreement.

(C) Deliberately engineering the winding up of AIQ and TCP so that GSS and the
4th to 7th Defendants would be able to continue developing and capitalizing on
the VRT without Joe’s involvement and as a means to conceal their wrongdoings

608 This allegation was in essence a combination of both the allegations at
(A) and (B). For the reasons set out at [603]–[607], I found that the
Plaintiffs were unable to prove their claims in both unlawful means and lawful
means conspiracy.

Conspiracy claim: Summing up

609 For the reasons set out at [553]–[608], I dismissed the Plaintiffs’ claims
of unlawful means and lawful means conspiracy in entirety.

Conclusion

610 In conclusion, given that the Plaintiffs’ claims in oppression and in
conspiracy were dismissed in entirety and given that costs should follow the
event, the 3rd to 7th Defendants were awarded their costs of the proceedings
on the standard basis. For the reasons orally pronounced at the hearing on
costs on 18 August 2023, I ordered the Plaintiffs to pay GSS costs of $360,000
(excluding disbursements) and to pay the 4th to 7th Defendants costs of
$460,000 (excluding disbursements).

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Yeap Poh Leong Andre SC, Yam Wern-Jhien, Lim Tiong Garn Jason and Lee Jin
Loong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first and second plaintiffs;

Tan Tee Jim SC, Gan Theng Chong, Lee Junting Basil, Low Yu Xuan and Lim Ray
Zheng Valen (Lee & Lee) for the third defendant;

Siraj Omar SC, Premalatha Silwaraju and Audie Wong Cheng Siew (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the fourth to seventh defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Dec 2023 (17:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

