Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 15

Suit No 282 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 305, 309 and 310 of 2022)

Between

| Neverland Investment Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| P.T Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ravinder Paul Singh s/o Akubal Singh  
(3)| Lim Kok Kuan Daniel  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Judgments and orders — Setting aside of default judgment —
Order for setting aside made conditional]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Neverland Investment Holdings Pte Ltd

  
v

  

P.T Pte Ltd and others

[2023] SGHC 15

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 282 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeals
Nos 305, 309 and 310 of 2022)

Teh Hwee Hwee JC

9 November, 7 December 2022

20 January 2023 Judgment reserved.

Teh Hwee Hwee JC:

1 The Registrars’ Appeals before me arise from the learned Assistant
Registrar’s (“AR”) decisions in HC/SUM 2126/2022, HC/SUM 2118/2022 and HC/SUM
2238/2022 in which the learned AR, among other things, set aside default
judgments entered against the first, second and third defendants respectively
and granted the defendants conditional leave to defend. The condition was for
the three defendants to jointly and severally provide security in the sum of
S$620,000. Leave to enter an appearance was also granted to the first and
third defendants on the same condition. HC/RA 310/2022, HC/RA 309/2022 and
HC/RA 305/2022 are the first, second and third defendants’ respective appeals
against the learned AR’s decision to impose the condition. Each of the three
defendants seeks unconditional leave to defend or, in the alternative, a
lowering of the amount of security ordered.

Background

2 The plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company that was in the business
of operating a night club (the “night club”) at premises in Clarke Quay (the
“premises”). The first defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore on or
around 19 December 2016. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ravinder Paul Singh s/o Akubal Singh’s 1st Affidavit dated 6 June 2022
(“Paul’s 1st Affidavit”) at para 21 (1st Defendant’s Bundle of Documents
(“1DBOD”) at p 59).

The second defendant, Mr Ravinder Paul Singh s/o Akubal Singh, was a director
of the plaintiff from 11 September 2016 to 8 March 2017. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 5 (1DBOD at p 52); Lee Wy-Man’s 1st Affidavit
dated 1 July 2022 (“Lee’s 1st Affidavit”) at para 36 (1DBOD at pp 272–273).

He has been a director of the first defendant since its incorporation. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 5 (1DBOD at p 52).

The third defendant, Mr Lim Kok Kuan Daniel, was a director of the plaintiff
from 23 November 2016 to 8 March 2017. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lim Kok Kuan Daniel’s 1st Affidavit dated 16 June 2022 (“Daniel’s 1st
Affidavit”) at para 10 (1DBOD at p 205); Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 36 (1DBOD
at pp 272–273).

He has also been a director of the first defendant since its incorporation. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Daniel’s 1st Affidavit at p 54 (1DBOD at p 255).

3 Sometime around June 2016, the plaintiff’s then sole director and
shareholder, Mr Lee Wy-Man (“Lee”), 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 12 (1DBOD at p 264).

approached various potential investors with the idea of running the night
club. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 13 (1DBOD at p 264).

Lee managed to obtain investment from three individuals, namely, one Mr Tang
Chuan Choon (“Tang”), one Mr Jason Ong Weiliang (“Ong”) and the second
defendant (collectively, the “initial investors”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at paras 11–14 (1DBOD at pp 54–55); Lee’s 1st Affidavit
at para 24 (1DBOD at pp 268–269).

On or around 16 June 2016, a share sale and purchase agreement was executed by
Lee and Ong under which Lee agreed to sell 75,000 shares in the plaintiff to
Ong for S$150,000 (the “16 June 2016 SPA”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at pp 33–38 (1DBOD at pp 291–296).

On or around 30 August 2016, a share sale and purchase agreement was executed
by Lee and the second defendant under which Lee agreed to sell 330,000 shares
in the plaintiff to the second defendant for S$804,500 (the “30 August 2016
SPA”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at pp 101–120 (1DBOD at pp 359–378).

There is no dispute that the 16 June 2016 SPA and the 30 August 2016 SPA
(collectively, the “SPAs”) were executed. However, the parties disagree on the
purpose of the SPAs. The first and second defendants submit that: (a) the
moneys the initial investors transferred to Lee (the “initial investment sum”)
were for their investment in the night club, with the breakdown as follows: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 14 (1DBOD at p 55); First Defendant’s Written
Submissions dated 4 November 2022 (“1DWS”) at para 6; Second Defendant’s
Written Submissions dated 4 November 2022 (“2DWS”) at para 17.

Tang contributed around S$400,000 to S$500,000; the second defendant
contributed around S$350,000 to S$400,000; and Ong contributed around
S$150,000; and (b) the initial investment sum was transferred to Lee’s
personal account and subsequently used for leasing the premises and acquiring
assets for the operation of the night club (the “night club assets”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at paras 9, 15 and 17 (1DBOD at pp 53, 55–56).

According to the first defendant, the SPAs were entered into to “account for
the contribution/investment” made by the second defendant and Tang, and it
“remained parties’ understanding that the transfer of [the initial investment
sum] to [Lee] was not as consideration for purchase of shares from [Lee]”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1DWS at para 10.

On the other hand, the plaintiff contends that the SPAs show that the initial
investment sum was for the purchase of shares in the plaintiff. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 4 November 2022 (“PWS”) at para 50.

4 Regardless of the purpose of the SPAs and the form of the investment, it is
common ground that the plaintiff accepted a tenancy agreement for the premises
on 3 August 2016 (the “tenancy agreement”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 20 (1DBOD at p 267).

Pursuant to the tenancy agreement, the plaintiff furnished S$361,552.20 (the
“deposit moneys”) to the landlord for rental of the premises. This sum
comprised S$351,552.20 as a security deposit and S$10,000 as a tenant’s works
deposit. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 9 (1DBOD at p 53).

Additional sums were also expended to acquire the night club assets. The night
club subsequently opened for business in or around September 2016. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 26 (1DBOD at p 269).

5 On 27 October 2016, Lee resigned as a director of the plaintiff. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 28 (1DBOD at p 270).

On or about 1 November 2016, Lee transferred all his shares in the plaintiff
to the second defendant. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 28 (1DBOD at p 270).

The reason for Lee’s resignation is disputed. According to the defendants, Lee
had caused the plaintiff to incur liability to a non-party company, Home
Interior Décor Pte Ltd (“HID”), by affixing the plaintiff’s company stamp on a
renovation contract which pertained to a different club operated by Twodash29
Pte Ltd, another company of which Lee was a director. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 18 (1DBOD at p 57); Lee’s 1st Affidavit at paras
33–34 (1DBOD at pp 271–272).

This was discovered by the second defendant sometime in or around early
October 2016. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 18 (1DBOD at p 57).

The defendants alleged that thereupon, it was agreed between the plaintiff’s
then directors, shareholders and people concerned with the investment in the
night club, including Lee, that Lee be removed as director and shareholder of
the plaintiff, and that he be tasked with the responsibility of resolving
HID’s claim (the “first restructuring agreement”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 19 (1DBOD at pp 57–58).

This was said to be in the hope that if Lee was removed as a director and
shareholder of the plaintiff, HID might be dissuaded from making a claim
against the plaintiff. However, according to the plaintiff, Lee’s removal as a
director and shareholder of the plaintiff was not related to HID. Instead, it
was a temporary arrangement because of an issue Lee had with a bank, which
allegedly affected the plaintiff’s ability to apply for a credit card machine.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at paras 27–28 (1DBOD at pp 269–270).

6 In or around November 2016, the second defendant got wind of potential
proceedings by HID against the plaintiff. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 20 (1DBOD at p 58).

According to the defendants, the plaintiff’s then directors, shareholders and
people concerned with the investment in the night club, including Lee, agreed
to incorporate the first defendant as an “alternate corporate vehicle” to
continue the business and operations of the night club and for the agreed
profit-sharing arrangements to continue, among other things (the “second
restructuring agreement”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 20 (1DBOD at p 58).

Ong, who is not a party to this action, filed an affidavit to affirm that
there was such an agreement. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Jason Ong Weiliang’s 1st Affidavit dated 7 June 2022 (“Ong’s 1st Affidavit”)
at para 8 (1DBOD at pp 85–86).

The plaintiff’s position is that there was no such agreement, and Lee had
instead objected to the plan to transfer the night club’s business to an
alternate corporate vehicle. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 34 (1DBOD at p 272).

7 By way of a novation agreement executed between the landlord, the plaintiff
and the first defendant on or around 26 January 2017 (the “novation
agreement”), 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at pp 29–32 (1DBOD at pp 78–81).

the tenancy agreement was novated from the plaintiff to the first defendant
with effect from 1 February 2017 (the “novation”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at p 30 (1DBOD at p 79).

At this time, the second and third defendants were directors of both the
plaintiff and the first defendant. The second defendant executed the novation
agreement on behalf of both the plaintiff and the first defendant, in his
capacity as director of each company. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at p 32 (1DBOD at p 81).

8 Under clause 5 of the novation agreement, the deposit moneys amounting to
S$361,552.20 (see [4] above) were to be credited to the account of the first
defendant, and the landlord was released from all obligations to refund the
deposit moneys to the plaintiff. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at p 31 (1DBOD at p 80).

In addition, the night club assets were said to have been transferred to the
first defendant in or around December 2016 to January 2017 (the “transfers”).
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at paras 35–36 (1DBOD at pp 272–273).

The defendants’ position is that the novation and the transfers were conducted
pursuant to the second restructuring agreement. The plaintiff, however, says
that Lee was not aware of the novation and transfers until about a month after
the novation, and alleges that no consideration was provided by the first
defendant for the novation and the transfers. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 35 (1DBOD at p 272); PWS at paras 15–16.

9 After the business and operations of the plaintiff were taken over by the
first defendant, on or around 8 March 2017, the second and third defendants
resigned as directors of the plaintiff and transferred ownership and control
of the plaintiff to Lee. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 36 (1DBOD at pp 272–273).

The share transfer form between the second defendant and Lee indicates that
the shares in the name of the second defendant were transferred to Lee for
nominal consideration of S$1. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Wong Lip Wing’s 1st Affidavit dated 15 June 2022 (“Wong’s 1st Affidavit”) at p
96 (1DBOD at p 189).

According to Mr Wong Lip Wing, a former security consultant for the plaintiff
from August 2016 to November 2016 and for the first defendant from December
2016 to August 2019, the second defendant transferred the ownership of the
plaintiff back to Lee for Lee to deal with the legal proceedings with HID. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Wong’s 1st Affidavit at paras 1 and 36 (1DBOD at pp 94 and 103).

It appears that Lee took over the directorship and shares of the plaintiff
from the second and third defendants without raising any objections. It should
be noted that at that point, Lee was aware of the transfers and novation.

10 HID eventually commenced legal proceedings (“Suit 171”) against the
plaintiff on or around 15 February 2018, for moneys due and owing under a
renovation contract. HID obtained judgment in default of appearance for the
sum of S$375,631.76 on 2 March 2018, upon which debt HID later applied for and
obtained an order to wind up the plaintiff. A liquidator was appointed, who
commenced proceedings against the first and second defendants to recover the
deposit moneys. Shortly after being served with the writ of summons and
statement of claim, the first and second defendants applied to and
successfully intervened in Suit 171 to set aside the default judgment and
winding up order. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at paras 37–40 (1DBOD at pp 273–274).

The default judgment was set aside on 10 June 2021, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at pp 140–141 (1DBOD at pp 398–399).

on the basis that the plaintiff had a triable or arguable defence to HID’s
claim. The winding up order was also set aside, since it was premised on the
default judgment.

11 The plaintiff commenced the present suit, HC/S 282/2022, against the
defendants on 29 March 2022, claiming that (a) the second and third defendants
had breached their fiduciary and/or statutory duties owed to the plaintiff by
virtue of their positions as directors of the plaintiff; (b) the first
defendant had knowingly received, retained and/or used the deposit moneys and
the night club assets without consideration to the plaintiff, without
accounting to the plaintiff, and to the detriment of the plaintiff; and (c)
all three defendants had wrongfully and with the intent to injure and/or cause
loss to the plaintiff by unlawful means, conspired and combined to transfer
the operations of the plaintiff, the deposit moneys and the night club assets
to the first defendant. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at paras 13–15, 18 and 20 (1DBOD at pp 608–609 and
611–612).

12 Although the writ of summons and statement of claim in respect of the
present suit were personally served on the first defendant on 30 March 2022
and substituted service was effected on the second and third defendants on 7
April 2022, the first and third defendants failed to enter an appearance
within the time limited for doing so. The second defendant entered an
appearance on 18 April 2022 but failed to file a defence within the time
limited for doing so. The plaintiff thus applied for and obtained default
judgments against the defendants on 10 May 2022.

The learned AR’s decision

13 The learned AR was satisfied that there was a prima facie defence, in
particular, in relation to the basis on which the initial investment sum was
paid to Lee and/or the plaintiff and whether there were oral restructuring
agreements in the manner alleged by the defendants. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

5 Oct Notes of Evidence (“NE”) at p 18, lines 9–13 (1DBOD at p 662).

The learned AR had specifically considered an email from the plaintiff’s then
company secretary, Ms Yeoh Wei Nee (“Yeoh”), dated 14 July 2022, in which she
explained that the plaintiff had booked moneys which appear to correlate to
moneys paid by the initial investors to Lee as “amount due to director – Paul
[ie, the second defendant]”. There was therefore an issue as to the nature of
the booked moneys. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

5 Oct NE at p 18, lines 14–20 (1DBOD at p 662).

The learned AR also noted the circumstantial evidence in the form of the
second and third defendants’ resignation letters (as directors of the
plaintiff) and the plaintiff’s resolution appointing Lee as director, which
pointed to fulfilment of the obligations under the alleged oral restructuring
agreements. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

5 Oct NE at p 18, lines 20–24 (1DBOD at p 662).

14 The learned AR noted, however, that there was no documentary evidence to
support the defendants’ defences and that the defendants were unclear on their
exact defences. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

5 Oct NE at p 18, lines 25–30 (1DBOD at p 662).

For these reasons, the learned AR found that the defendants ought to give some
demonstration of commitment to their claimed defences. He thus ordered the
defendants to jointly and severally provide security of S$620,000. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

5 Oct NE at p 19, lines 4–7 (1DBOD at p 663).

Issues on appeal and decision

15 On appeal, the defendants argued that unconditional leave to defend should
be allowed. In the alternative, the defendants contended that the amount of
security ordered against the defendants was excessive. The plaintiff did not
file an appeal against the learned AR’s decision. The only issues before me
are therefore as follows:

(a) whether the orders setting aside the default judgments should be made
conditional; and

(b) if so, whether the quantum of security ordered should be lowered.

Whether any condition should be imposed

16 The principles on whether a condition should be imposed in granting a
defendant leave to defend are settled. These principles remain relevant when
considering whether an order setting aside a default judgment should be made
conditional (City Harvest Church v AMAC Capital Partners and another [2015]
SGHC 299 at [30]). A condition is appropriate when the court has the sense
that although it cannot be said that the claimed defence is so hopeless that,
in truth, there is no defence, the overall impression is such that some
demonstration of commitment on the part of the defendant to the claimed
defence is called for (Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala
Cashew Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 at [44]).

17 The issue is whether the learned AR erred in calling for the show of some
commitment on the part of the defendants to their claimed defences. I first
examine the claimed defences. In essence, the defendants argued that (a) the
deposit moneys and the night club assets did not belong to the plaintiff but
belonged to the initial investors; and (b) there was no breach of fiduciary
duties owed to the plaintiff, no knowing receipt of the deposit moneys and the
night club assets, and no unlawful means conspiracy by the defendants, because
the relevant stakeholders were aware of the second and third defendants’
interest in the first defendant and had agreed to the transfers and the
novation, pursuant to the second restructuring agreement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1DWS at paras 32 and 43 to 47; 2DWS at paras 49 and 62.

18 In my view, it is appropriate for the orders setting aside the default
judgments to be made conditional. First, it is unclear how the defendants seek
to demonstrate that the deposit moneys and the night club assets belonged to
them, and that they were dealing with assets that belonged to the initial
investors, rather than the plaintiff. Not only is the defendants’ case largely
unsubstantiated by evidence, but it is also contradicted by the available
documentary evidence. On the face of the SPAs, the initial investment sum went
towards the purchase of shares in the plaintiff. Further, in respect of the
investment by the second defendant and Tang, the second defendant has admitted
that the 30 August 2016 SPA is the “only written agreement [which] document[s]
the Initial Investment”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ravinder Paul Singh s/o Akubal Singh’s 2nd Affidavit dated 20 July 2022
(“Paul’s 2nd Affidavit”) at para 7 (1DBOD at pp 417–418).

Counsel for the second defendant has clarified at the hearing before the
learned AR that the second defendant does not seek to set aside the SPAs. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

19 Sept NE at p 5, line 9 (1DBOD at p 626).

The 16 June 2016 SPA provided at clause 1.1: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at p 33 (1DBOD at p 291).

The Purchaser [Ong] agrees to purchase and the Vendor [Lee] agrees to sell
75,000 Ordinary shares (the “Shares”) in the Company at the price per share of
S$2.00 and aggregate price of S$150,000.00 (the “Price”) on the Closing Date
(as defined hereinafter), provided that the Closing Requirements (as defined
hereinafter) are fulfilled on the Closing Date.

[emphasis in original]

Similarly, the 30 August 2016 SPA provided: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at p 103 (1DBOD at p 361).

The Seller [Lee] has agreed to sell and the Buyer [the second defendant] has
agreed to buy the Sale Shares subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

The Seller [Lee] is the legal owner of 500,000 ordinary shares in the Company.

The 30 August 2016 SPA goes on to define “Sale Shares” as “330,000 ordinary
shares” in the plaintiff, and the purchase price was stated to be S$804,500.
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at pp 104–105 (1DBOD at pp 362-363).

I also note that the second defendant was represented by solicitors at the
time that he entered into the 30 August 2016 SPA. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Paul’s 2nd Affidavit at para 7 (1DBOD at pp 417–418).

19 I pause to note that the defendants, as among themselves, do not seem to
take a uniform position on why the deposit moneys and the night club assets
allegedly belong to them. At the hearing before the AR, after the first
defendant had taken the position that the initial investment sum was a loan,
counsel for the second defendant submitted that it was “one possible
position”, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

5 Oct NE at p 16, lines 26–33 (1DBOD at p 660).

while counsel for the third defendant indicated that he would “not go so far
as to say that it was a loan because the [third defendant] does not know”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

5 Oct NE at p 16, lines 17–20 (1DBOD at p 660).

In this regard, I note that Yeoh’s email reflected that she had recorded in
the plaintiff’s accounting book the payments made by Lee in cash for
“Furniture & Fittings and Renovation cost” on behalf of the plaintiff as
“amount due to director – Paul [ie, the second defendant]”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Paul’s 2nd Affidavit at p 19 (1DBOD at p 433).

In my view, even if the defendants succeed in establishing, contrary to the
SPAs, that the initial investment sum was a loan, it would merely mean that
the plaintiff had an obligation to repay the loan, but does not show that the
deposit moneys and the night club assets belong to the initial investors
rather than the plaintiff. Ultimately, the tenancy agreement was entered into
by the plaintiff, and the night club assets were acquired by the plaintiff.

20 Second, the defendants have not provided a reasoned basis for their
argument that there was no breach of fiduciary duties owed to the plaintiff.
It is well established that a director of a company owes the company fiduciary
obligations, including a duty to act honestly in the discharge of his duties
as a director, to act bona fide in the interests of the company, to act for a
proper purpose in relation to the company’s affairs, and to act as a trustee
of the company’s assets (Tendcare Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd (formerly
known as Tian Jian Hua Xia Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd)(in judicial
management) and another v Gong Ruizhong and others [2021] SGHC 80 (“Tendcare”)
at [142]). A director must exercise the director’s discretion bona fide in
what the director considers is in the interests of the company, the test being
whether an honest and intelligent man in the position of the director, taking
an objective view, could reasonably have concluded that the transactions were
in the interests of the company (Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 6
(LexisNexis, 2022) at para 70.247). Where a director causes value or business
operations to be transferred out of the company without a proper basis for
doing so, the director is in breach of fiduciary duties owed to the company
(Tendcare at [147]; see also Swiss Butchery Pte Ltd v Huber Ernst and others
and another suit [2010] 3 SLR 813 at [170]–[173]). Applying these tests, it is
questionable how the transfers and the novation were, objectively from the
perspective of an honest and intelligent man in the position of the directors,
in the plaintiff’s best interests, given that the plaintiff received nothing
in exchange (except, as argued by the first and second defendants, an
exemption from liabilities that flow from the tenancy agreement and the
novation agreement) 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1DWS at para 38; Paul 1st Affidavit at para 28 (1DBOD at p 61).

and had the plaintiff’s business operations taken away.

21 Further, there is some evidence to suggest that the plaintiff was in a
precarious financial position in late 2016 to early 2017, one reason for this
being the impending claim by HID. Tang had described the plaintiff as being
“in an extremely dire financial state”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Tang Chuan Choon’s 1st Affidavit dated 5 September 2022 at para 15 (1DBOD at
pp 449–450).

In this regard, it is settled law that when a company is insolvent, or in a
parlous financial situation, directors have a fiduciary duty to take into
account the interests of the company’s creditors when making decisions for the
company; this fiduciary duty requires directors to ensure that the company’s
assets are not dissipated or exploited for their own benefit to the prejudice
of the creditors’ interests (Liquidators of Progen Engineering Pte Ltd v
Progen Holdings Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 1089 at [48]). It appears, from the
defendants’ version of events, that the impetus for the second restructuring
agreement was the impending claim by HID. I reproduce the following from the
third defendant’s affidavit dated 16 June 2022: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Daniel’s 1st Affidavit at para 12 (1DBOD at p 206).

… [the second defendant] and me were directors of [the plaintiff] at the
material time and I trust that all actions taken were in the best interests of
[the plaintiff] … I only recall that the [first defendant] was incorporated
because [the plaintiff] ran into financial issues and had likely exposures to
liability and lawsuits it had to deal with. A decision was then made to
incorporate the [first defendant]. I suppose that led to the novation as
mentioned above.

This account of events would, in fact, go towards suggesting that the second
restructuring agreement was entered into to the prejudice of the plaintiff's
creditors, and that the plaintiff’s creditors were not among the relevant
stakeholders who allegedly agreed to the second restructuring agreement.

22 Where a defendant cannot state with conviction the defence it is running,
and where it lacks evidence to show its purported defence, it is appropriate
for a condition to be imposed on leave to defend (Akfel Commodities Turkey
Holding Anonim Sirketi v Townsend, Adam [2019] 2 SLR 412 at [57]–[58]). In
light of the reasons as set out above, this is one such case, and in my
judgment, the learned AR was correct in requiring the defendants to furnish
security to show some commitment to their claimed defences.

Whether the quantum of security ordered should be lowered

23 The Court of Appeal explained in Mohd Zain bin Abdullah v Chimbusco
International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR
446 at [40] that:

… in so far as the amount of security should be determined with reference to
the demonstration of commitment on the defendant’s part, it should be noted
that the degree of commitment which is appropriate will naturally vary with
the circumstances. In the final analysis, the court will have to mediate
between various competing concerns in deciding what conditions ought to be
imposed, including, inter alia, protecting the pecuniary interests of the
plaintiff/creditor, the size of the debt, avoiding the stifling of triable
issues and responding to different degrees of shadowiness. [emphasis in the
original]

Further, the Court of Appeal also took the view that in terms of the amount of
security to be ordered, “the court’s discretion … is … widely framed” and the
court “ought not to begin with any starting point in mind [eg, the full sum
claimed by the plaintiff] … and should instead exercise its discretion
flexibly to meet the needs of the case before it” (at [39]).

24 The first defendant argued that the S$620,000 ordered is “excessive”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1DWS at para 70.

The second defendant argued that the sum is “crushing and/or unfair” and would
essentially shut the defence out. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

2DWS at paras 68–69.

The third defendant similarly argued that the sum of security ordered is
“crippling”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Third Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 4 November 2022 at para 2.2.

Yet, counsel for all three defendants accepted, at the hearing before me, that
they have placed no evidence before the court that the defendants are unable
to afford the sum of the security ordered. The Court in Wee Cheng Swee Henry v
Jo Baby Kartika Polim [2015] 4 SLR 250 (“Wee Cheng Swee”) held (at [118]) that
while it would be “wrong in principle to impose a condition … which the
defendant would find impossible – as opposed to merely difficult – to comply
with”, the “defendant bears the burden … of showing that it would be
impossible – as opposed to merely difficult – to comply with a condition which
the court proposes to impose on the leave to defend”.

25 Nonetheless, I note that, as pronounced by the Court in Wee Cheng Swee (at
[112]), the quantum of the security to be required of a defendant must be
fixed with the following two factors in mind: (a) doing justice to the
plaintiff in light of the strength of the plaintiff’s case and the
uncertainties attached to the defendant’s defences; and (b) doing justice to
the defendant in light of the defendant’s financial means.

26 As already explained, there is no evidence before me as to the latter
factor. As regards the uncertainties attached to the defendant’s defences,
they have been examined in the discussion above.

27 In terms of the plaintiff’s case, I find that there are troubling aspects
in the plaintiff’s narrative that should be considered in assessing the extent
of the demonstration of commitment to be required from the defendants. In my
view, in balancing the competing concerns when deciding what conditions ought
to be imposed, equivocal or dubious aspects of a claim may be considered
together with any deficiencies in the defence, given that such aspects go
towards the strength of the claim and defence as well as the degree to which a
claimant’s interest should be protected. Indeed, the court in PT Selecta
Bestama v Sin Huat Huat Marine Transportation Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 729 (“PT
Selecta”) considered the nature of the claim in that case when determining
whether any condition should be imposed when granting leave to defend. The
Court observed that the circumstances in that case were “highly unusual” (at
[21]), which lent some credibility to the defendant’s case, or at the very
least, demonstrated that the “plaintiff’s contractual claim was far from
straightforward” (at [23]). There, despite the fact that there had been no
payment received from the defendant and there was no input, whether financial
or technical, from the party who had purportedly ordered certain barges, the
plaintiff (among other things) proceeded with the building of barges, and
there was no negative reaction on the part of the plaintiff for a period of
six months. Given that “many features of [the case] called for further
examination” and were to be “probed further at a full trial”, the Court
ordered that the defendant be given unconditional leave to defend (at [25]).

28 I find that in the present case, there are also features that could merit
further inquiry and examination, and that affect the degree of commitment that
is appropriate although, given the state of the defendants’ defences, these
features do not warrant the setting aside of the default judgments without
conditions. I elaborate.

29 The first restructuring agreement allegedly took place sometime in late
October 2016. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 19 (1DBOD at pp 57–58).

At that time, it appears that Lee and the second defendant were directors of
the plaintiff (see [2], [3] and [5] above). According to the second defendant,
discussions on the first restructuring agreement took place between the
plaintiff’s then directors, shareholders and people concerned with the
investment in the plaintiff. These people included Lee and the second
defendant. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 19 (1DBOD at pp 57–58).

Lee resigned as a director of the plaintiff on or around 27 October 2016 and
transferred all his shares in the plaintiff to the second defendant on or
around 1 November 2016 (see [5] above). The second restructuring agreement
allegedly took place sometime in November 2016. According to the second
defendant, discussions, once again, took place between the plaintiff’s then
“directors, shareholders and people concerned with the investment [in the
plaintiff]”, and more specifically, the arrangements for the novation and the
transfers were agreed between Lee, Ong, Tang and the second defendant. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Paul’s 1st Affidavit at para 20 (1DBOD at p 58).

That was followed by Lee resuming sole directorship of the plaintiff and
taking over its shareholdings a few months later in March 2017 (see [9]
above). In this regard, I refer to four documents: (a) the share transfer form
dated 8 March 2017 signed by the second defendant and Lee; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Wong’s 1st Affidavit at p 96 (1DBOD at p 189).

(b) the plaintiff’s directors’ resolution dated 8 March 2017 appointing Lee as
director of the plaintiff; 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Wong’s 1st Affidavit at p 100 (1DBOD at p 193).

(c) the second and third defendants’ resignation letters dated 8 March 2017;
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Wong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 102–103 (1DBOD at pp 195–196).

and (d) the plaintiff’s directors’ resolution dated 8 March 2017 accepting the
second and third defendants’ resignations. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Wong’s 1st Affidavit at p 98 (1DBOD at p 191).

These documents show that on or around 8 March 2017, ownership and control of
the plaintiff was transferred from the second and third defendants to Lee. The
timing is noteworthy. These were done after the novation agreement, which was
dated 26 January 2017 (see [7] above). Lee was aware of the transfers and the
novation, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 35 (1DBOD at p 272).

and took over directorship and shares of the plaintiff from the second and
third defendants, apparently without raising any objections. According to Lee,
“[there] was nothing much [Lee] could do at the point in time]”. He was cash
strapped and was also engaged in another dispute, and therefore had to put the
matter involving the plaintiff on hold to deal with the separate dispute. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Lee’s 1st Affidavit at para 36 (1DBOD at pp 272–273).

30 The facts summarised in the preceding paragraph raise several questions.

31 First, despite Lee being aware of the transfers and the novation, he took
over directorship and shares of the plaintiff from the second and third
defendants in March 2017, apparently without raising any objections until he
caused the plaintiff to commence the present action. It is odd that Lee did
not issue a single protest about the alleged wrongdoings of the defendants
that form the basis of the plaintiff’s claim in this action. The lack of
objection on Lee’s part, and the protracted inaction on the part of the
plaintiff concerning the transfers and the novation, raise questions as to
Lee's role and give some credence to the defendants’ allegations of Lee’s
involvement in the discussions that led to the second restructuring agreement
and the stripping of the plaintiff’s business operations and assets. A
potential issue therefore arises as to whether the knowledge and/or actions of
the past and present directors and shareholders of the company would have an
impact on the strength of the plaintiff’s claim against its past directors for
breach of fiduciary duties in the factual context of this case.

32 Second, if the second restructuring agreement, and Lee’s involvement in the
second restructuring, are established, questions may be raised as to whether
Lee is using the plaintiff as a nominee to pursue this claim, when it appears
that Lee at least acquiesced in the alleged wrongful acts, and this calls into
question the plaintiff’s bona fides in bringing and maintaining the present
action. In this regard, one further consideration is that Lee is presently the
sole director and a majority shareholder of the plaintiff such that, in
practical terms, he will be the beneficiary should the plaintiff succeed in
its action.

33 I find that these aspects of the plaintiff’s claim, as in PT Selecta, go
towards showing, at the very least, that its claim is not as straightforward
as it argues.

34 According to the plaintiff, besides the amount of S$361,552.20, which was
the deposit moneys that the plaintiff paid to its landlord for the rental of
its premises that was credited to the account of the first defendant under
clause 5 of the novation agreement, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC at para 6 (1DBOD at p 605).

the estimated value of the night club assets that were transferred to the
first defendant was S$519,312.12. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC at para 12 (1DBOD at p 608).

However, the basis for this estimate, as well as how the night club assets
included in the estimate were transferred, is not clear. Balancing the
strength of the plaintiff’s claim with the troubling aspects in mind against
the uncertainties in the defendant’s defences, and taking into account the
likely value of the plaintiff’s claim, I am of the view that the provision of
security by the defendants in the amount of S$361,552.20, which represents a
key component of the plaintiff’s claim, would be fair and would demonstrate a
sufficient degree of commitment on the part of the defendants to their
defences.

Conclusion and orders made

35 Accordingly, I reduce the amount of security ordered by the learned AR, and
order the defendants to jointly and severally furnish security in the amount
of S$361,552.20 by way of solicitors’ undertaking or bankers’ guarantee within
21 days from the date of this order. The learned AR’s decisions in HC/SUM
2126/2022, HC/SUM 2118/2022 and HC/SUM 2238/2022 are otherwise upheld.

36 I will hear parties on the issue of costs separately.

Teh Hwee HweeJudicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Tan Ky Won Terence and Sandra Lye Hui Wen (Genesis Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;

Arthur Yap and Ong Hui Jing (CHP Law LLC) for the first defendant;

Darrell Low Kim Boon, Koh Zhen Yang and Ng Rui Wen (Bih Li & Lee LLP) for the
second defendant;

Ong Kai Min Kelvin and Tan Yong Yuen Jordan (Contigo Law LLC) for the third
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Jan 2023 (12:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

